Do you like RED because of the actors or because of the genre?
Ok, movies similar to RED are Death Wish, The Hitman's Bodyguard and Spy
Yes, they are action movies.
Yes, Hitman's Bodyguard is an action movie.
You are welcome! Do you need anything else?
I do. M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans released in 2012.
the absolutely true diary of a part time Indian was her most popular
It is a good book for adolescence but anyone might enjoy it
I think you'll like it!
Sure. It's an all star cast that includes Ben Stiller, Cameron Diaz, Sarah Silverman and Matt Dillon
She's a great comedian and comedic actor. She was also in What Planet Are You From and the original Wreck-It Ralph.
I believe that was film that featured several comics. One of my favorites is probably Margaret Cho. She was in the Rugrats Movie as well.
Sarah Dessen is the author. do you like to read young adults books?
She wrote a great romance novel called This Lullaby. I t was released in 2002.
Yes, she did, also wrote Dreamland.
My pleasure, let me know if you need more recommendations.
Sure, Don Cheadle starred in The Guard, Talk to Me, and Crash. Do you like his movies?
Yes, The Guard is a comedy crime fiction thriller. Do you like comedies?
The Guard had Dominique Mc Elligott and Alan Bates starring in it. And was written by John Michael McDonagh.
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy it!
He is a Cricket player from India, do you like cricket?
He plays for Tamil Nadu in domestic cricket and captain King IX Punjab in the Indian Premier league.
Wasim Akram, Shoaib Malik, and Imran Khan are all on this team.
He directed Pushing Tin, Prince of Persia, and Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire to name a few.
Glen Charles and Darcy Frey wrote Pushing Tin, it's a romance.
Of course, anything else you'd like to know about the movie?
Welcome!
Kevin Durant is a Basketball player. Do you like him?
Yes. I know he is a Basketball player. Which is you favorite sport?
I like Cricket and American Football. Who is your favorite player?
That's good. Who is you favorite cricketer?
Yes. I like a lot of them from Sachin to Virat Kohli it is big list.
Sure, it stars Simon Pegg and a comedy. Do you like the actor?
Yes, he did. He starred in Land of the Dead too.
Yes, it was released in 2005
Sure
Frank Finlay is in Wild Geese, Twisted Nerve, The Waiting Room, and many more. Do you like him because of the Romance genre?
Sure. Have you heard of Wild Geese? It's very popular and Frank Finlay is staring in it.
You welcome.
The one starring Sean Penn, sure. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, you might also enjoy The Weight of Water if you like thrillers starring Sean Penn.
Yes, it starred William Hurt and Zach Galifianakis. Shall I add that to your watch list?
Adding them now.
You're welcome.
McG directed We Are Marshall and This Means War. Would you like to hear more about one of these?
Jamie Linden wrote that as well as Dear John.
Brian Geraghty is an actor that has starred in horror films. Would you like recommendations?
You may be interested in When A Stranger Calls.
Yes it is, starring Madeline Carroll.
You're welcome.
It was released in 1989 and was written by Laura Esquivel who is also a teacher.
It was also released in 1992 as a film. I think it is mostly a romance but has some magical fiction in it.
You're very welcome!
illiam Friedkin directed The Hunted and The French Connection.
Sure, William Friedkin directed The Devil and Father Amorth, CSI: Crime Scene Investigation and The Hunted.
Yes, The Devil and Father Amorth is a 2017 documentary film directed by William Friedkin showing the ninth exorcism of an Italian woman in the village of Venafro referred to as "Cristina", this time performed by Father Gabriele Amorth.
Yes, do you like fiction books?
The Surgeon and The Bronze Bow are good fiction books.
Tess Gerritsen.
That is a young-adult fiction adventure book. Did you know that there is also another book in that series, Clockwork Prince.
She also wrote The Mortal Instuments Boxed Set. That includes City of Bones, City of Ashes, and City of Glass. She is also responsible for The Bane Chronicles. She is a very talented author. Do any of those interest you?
I sure can! Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Enjoy!
Yes Morgan Freeman and Clint Eastwood by David Peoples.
The Blood of Heroes and Blade Runner.
Blade Runner it is starring Edward James Olmos.
Yes, he is a well known American actor and starred for example in the Hunger Games Triology.
He acted in The Kids are all right together with Mia Wasikowska. This is Comedy-Drama genre.
She is awesome! Have a great movie night.
I have to be honest, I wasn't around back then. But I know she was married to Guy Ritchie, and he directed RocknRolla.
Alright, yes I have heard that MTV actually used to show music videos! It is a decent movie with a great cast, including Thandie Newton and Jeremy Piven.
Yes, he wrote and produced it too. It is a great thriller.
Yes he is a Cricket player. I have seen him on tv.
Yes he "technique" is the right-arm off spin
Your welcome enjoy!
H. Jon Benjamin. anything else i can answer for you?
Amy Poehler starred in Mean Girls. Mean Girls is produced by Lorne Michaels. anything else i can answer?
Amy Poehler starred in Mean Girls. Mean Girls is starring Tina Fey. what else can i do for you?
Tina Fey : Program creator: 30 Rock. 30 Rock has genre Television. what else can i answer for you today?
I know that they are a Venice soccer team or futebol team but I prefer baseball. You?
I know they have trying to get to the World Series these last 2 years, but my team are the Chicago Cubs. You like the Dodgers?
Vikings are my favorite football team. We will chat later about it
He wrote and directed The Wackness which is a comedy starring Jane Adams. Have you seen this one?
It also stars Mary-Kate Olsen and Aaron Yoo
It was released in 2008
I hope you enjoy it!
Olivier Megaton directed Taken 3 starring Liam Neeson ad the thriller Columbiana
Taken 3 or Columbiana?
Jon Gries also starred in Taken and you are right, it's a crome thriller
I hope you enjoy it
Mike Mcarthy just got fired. I do not think they are over rated though.
Owners are jumping the gun to early on the coaches more often.
They still are.
Do you know who wrote the book The Red Pyramid?
Yes. He is an actor, starred in The O.C., While You Were Sleeping and many more. Are you a fan of him?
That's right. Tate is really good in Good Night, and Good Luck too. Have you seen that movie?
Yeah. Robert Downey Jr. is also in it. I recommend you check it out. It might be your new favorite!
You're welcome.
Sure. If you're interested in mystery, you should read Trunk Music or Sad Cypress.
Trunk Music was written by Jonathan Kellerman. Would you like me to suggest other books by that author?
He has also written When the Bough Breaks and A Measure of Darkness.
Sure! Which genre do you prefer?
I am not showing any fictional book related to Treasure Island
You're welcome!
I know that she is a lyricist on Where Them Girls At.
She has an Indo-Carribean Ehnicity:
Shakira is in a similar musical genre.
Something Borrowed was written by Emily Griffin. She also wrote Where We Belong.
Yes, that is correct! What genres are you interested in?
2012 was written by Roland Emmerich and is a thriller you might like.
Hope you like it!
Judd Apatow wrote the films This Is 40, Knocked Up, and Funny People. Have you seen any ot those?
That's a good movie. It was written by Harold Ramis and Danny Rubin. Ramis also produced it.
Yes, actually. He wrote, directed, and starred in Year One.
Yes, he directed Caddyshack. He also produced Groundhog Day and Bedazzled
Yes, it was written by John Hughes, Harold Ramis, and Chevy Chase. It starred Randy Quaid, Norman Reedus, Jane Krakowski, and John Diehl.
He wrote Pretty in Pink.
You are quite welcome. I hope you enjoy the movies!
he is a good song writer
yeah right thosr are my favorite
which other one is your favorite singer
which is his song , i never heard of him
I have never seen that movie I know it is written by Peter Farrelly though.
It also stars Willie Garson as well what is it about?
Yes it is I do not normally like romantic comedies though
Absolutely! She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society. Not only is she an author she is a librarian.
That's just on book with a long title. It's historical fiction and was released in 2008. It is set in England.
You're very welcome. Is there anything else I can help with?
Great. Enjoy the book!
Do you like the book because it was written by George Orwell?
The novel 1984 has the same genre and was also written by George Orwell
He wrote The Temple of My Familiar
In 1989
There is no information about that
welcome
Do you like that movie because of the Mystery or Thriller genre?
Sure, Lady Vengeance is the sequel to Oldboy.
It stars Kim Yoo Jung.
Well, Tstosi is drama/crime with Presley Chweneyagae. I think you might enjoy it.
Enjoy!
Ang Lee is an author, film producer, director, and screenwriter. What type of his work were you interested in?
I do not have information on that right now. A couple other authors that I know of are, Winston Churchill and Woody Allen. Are you familiar with them?
Wonderful Town: New York Stories from a New Yorker was by Woody Allen. Have you read it?
Zsa Zsa Gabor starred in Touch of Evil as well as The Beverly Hillbillies, which is a comedy. Touch of Evil was also a book, written by Orson Welles.
I am not sure of the genre, but Zsa Zsa had a brief appearance in it.
It was written by Peter Buchman, Michael Crichton and Alexander Payne.
Jurassic World was considered a sequel. Did you see it?
I believe so. It was good.
He plays golf right?
I am not a fan of golf so I really do not have an opinion. Do you like golf?
Never saw that movie since I am not an Adam Sandler fan.
Would you like more books released in the same year?
J.R.R Tolkien also wrote The Lord of the Rings and The Return of the King.
You might also like The Voyage of the Dawn Treader.
Wes Craven wrote My Soul to Take, and he directed Scream 4. Are you interested in this genre?
Yes, it was. Night Shark and Zulu are other examples of this genre.
Yes, that's right, he also starred in Prom Night #2, another Horror Film.
Do you like films about dinosaurs, or are you interested because it is an adventure and science fiction film?
Well, you might like X-Men or Zombieland if you're into sci-fi.
I'd start with the original. I also really love X-Men Origins: The Wolverine. It can stand on its own.
Sure. Bob Peck starred in, Survininv Picasso, Similla's Sense of Snow, Lord or the Flies, Jurassic Park and Slipstream.
Yes. Surviving Picasso stars, Peter Gerety, Joss Ackland, Joan Plowright, Diane Venora, Anthony Hopkins
Joss Ackland also starred in, The Little Prince, Royal Flash, Nowhere to run, White Mischief and No Good Deed.
The Little Prince is a Musical Drama.
You are welcome. Have a great day.
I don't know much about him. His wife, Gisele is on one of my favorite movies The Devil Wears Prada.
I have seen that one, totally forgot he was in it.
Was that the only movie he was in?
Yes! It was written by Roderick Thorp and stars Bruce Willis. Do you like Bruce Willis films?
Have you seen Die Hard with a Vengeance with Bruce Willis?
Yes! He also wrote Die Hard 2 and A good Day to Die Hard.
Enjoy!
It came out many years ago. It's the first in a series of science fiction horror movies. Do you enjoy those kinds of movies?
Do you like vampire movies? You might enjoy one called Bats.
It starred Ned Bellamy and Leon who is also a singer. It's definitely a horror movie!
You're very welcome!
He worked on Eraserhead, starring Charlotte Stewart. It's a great sci-fi. Do you like sci-fis?
Perhaps you would enjoy The Blob starring Kevin Dillon and Shawnee Smith.
Yes! A thriller/ slasher, also starring Betsy Russell and Angus Macfadyen.
Enjoy!
Repo Men is a great movie that she starred in.
Repo Men is written by Eric Garcia.
He has also written Predators.
Yes, he wrote books like The End and The Grim Grotto
Sure, along side Brett Helquist, Lemony Snicket wrote The End
Certainly, Lemony Snicket wrote The Vile Village released in 2001 he also wrote A series of Unfortunate Events
I love him! He was in a great band from the 90s called *Nsync, has a great solo career and now starred in a series of movies. Is there anything you'd like to learn about him?
He sure does! He was born in 2015 and is named Silas. He had Silas with his wife Jessica Biel. Are you familiar with her?
I have seen The Sinner. The second season came out in the fall of 2018, and the first season is now streaming on Netflix. Would you like me to send you a link?
Great! I will send it now!
I do indeed. He starred in movies like Windtalkers and Warrior to name a few. What genre are you interested in?
Then I think you'd like Windtalkers, or maybe try Little Children, Both great dramas.
Other than Noah Emmerich, it also stars Roger Willie and Nicolas Cage.
Great, enjoy!
I guess he belongs to the Argentina national football team and is quite a popular Football player.
No, I don't how about you? I think one needs a lotta strength on the legs to kick hard! Ha ha!!
Probably the Brazilians are taught to kick from the time they are born, and that's why you have the best football players in Brazil. I am seeing a player by name Lionel Messi who seems to have won several awards for playing football. Must have been a good kicker!
Joh Tiffany and Jack Thorne, Have you seen that movie?
They have done some televison shows, and some plays prior to Harry Potter.
Yes, I like them too! Did you know their mascot is Warpaint?
That is correct as well!
Yes and the leader is Clark Hunt.
Yes, The Time Paradox and The Supernaturalist.
Yes that was written by Allison Weir.
Yes and Innocent Traitor
I do I really like his song The Zone, what about you?
Same, and I believe he is from Toronto. I wonder if any other stars are from there?
I can't feel my face when I'm with you is a great hit of his.
Anytime!
Kyrie Irving was born in Melbourne, Fl. He plays point guard for Boston Celtics.
Boston Celtics defeated Minnesota Timberwolves yesterday. Their next game on 12/6 against New York Knicks.
The score from last night game was 118-109.
Christopher Nolan also directed Batman. Is that something you're interested in?
He wrote рестуление и накаание and диот.
It is written in the English language. It is a fairly old title released in 1866.
Yes it is, 1866 was the year that рок was released as well.
You are welcome! Enjoy.
I love that book. It counts as fantasy and children's literature, and also speculative fiction. Which interest you?
From personal experience, I would suggest The Lord of The Rings trilogy. Or the Game of Thrones series. Have you read either?
In my opinion, The Lord of the Rings is more optimistic and adventurous, while Game of Thrones is darker and more suspenseful. I prefer the former.
Ok, You are welcome! Enjoy!
Marco Reus is a professional soccer player who plays for the Dortmund. He was born in Germany and plays as a mild-fielder and forward.
Yes, he played for the Borussia Dortmund.
I don't think so. He works for the film industry in India.
I'm sorry, do I like what?
Sure! Were you looking for other books written by Sarah J. Maas?
She also wrote The Assassin's Blade which was released in 2014
She also wrote Crown of Midnight which was released in 2013 that you may enjoy
Enjoy!
Hi, James Cameron directed Titanic. Titanic's genre is Romance
Yes, Leonardo DiCaprio starred in Titanic star in Titanic
Titanic was released in 1997
Your Welcome, Enjoy!
Yes, it is written by ustave Flaubert and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You might like the Voyager written by Diana Gabaldon and Safe Haven. Any of those sound good?
Yes, written by Diana Gabaldon
Suzanne Collin's wrote the Hunger games. Have you read that series?
I don't know of any that are better than Venus. I'm sure there are some that are close
I actually don't know anythng about women's tennis. I've just heard that Venus and her sister were the best for a long time
I keep meaning to watch her play tennis. Someday!
I heard about her. She's a professional golfer from Hawaii.
Really! Will she be the next Tiger Wood?
She is amazing! I heard she won his first major in 2014 and she's probably 25 during that time. Amazing
Sure, she wrote Reflected in You and One With You, Have you read them?
Reflected in You is a Global catastrophic risk released in 2012
I'm not sure but similar to that genre is Earthe Abides
The Handmaid Tale is popular now and it's one of her book.
The Handmaid's Tale is a dystopian fiction.
Would you like to know other books in that genre?
Enjoy!
I sure do. Edgar Ramirez starred in "Carlos", a thriller film co starring Martha Higareda. Are you interested in thriller films?
Sure. Ilich Ramirez Sanchez, aka 'Carlos,' is a Venezuelan-born Marxist revolutionary who aligns himself with the Palestinian cause and becomes the world's most notorious terrorist. He leads assaults on the meeting of OPEC ministers, taking them hostage and flying them from country to country seeking asylum, one of the most daring acts of terrorism in history.
It is actually a TV mini series that started in 2010. You are quite welcome.
If you like Untamed: A House of Night , you might also enjoy Night of Devoured Souls: Ancient Egyptian Fiction (Era of Shadows) by R.M. Schultz.
Tahereh Mafi wrote Fracture Me, Ignite Me and Destroy Me.
You are correct! A few other books that were released that year was The World of Ice and Fire by George R.R. Martin and You by Caroline Kepnes. Do any of those interest you?
The World of Ice & nFire is a companion book for George R.R. Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire. It is a Fantasy series.
The Bone Clocks by David Mitchell and The First Fifteen Lives of Harry August are good fantasy novels.
No problem! I hope you enjoy them!
Yes! Wally Lamb has written We Are Water and The Hour I First Believed. Have you read any of these?
We Are Water was released on 2013. In the same year, The Woman Upstairs was also released.
Happy to help!
He directed Machine Gun Preacher and Finding Neverland.
Machine Gun Preacher is Crime Fiction and Finding Neverland is a Drama.
I do too I am not sure I have not seen it
It was released in 2004.0
Yes is there any others you would like to add.
No problem enjoy!
He wrote A Separate Peace.
Naturalism
The City and The City
Your welcome.
Sure. Are you looking for more of Jane Austen's works, or can I suggest other authors as well?
The Bronte sisters wrote novels that were similar to Austen. I'd suggest Wuthering Heights and Jane Eyre especially. Pride and Prejudice by Jane Austen is a great addition to your library as well.
Phillipa Gregory writes great historical drama as does Lauren Willig.
Phillipa Gregory has written many novels about the English monarchy during the Tudor reign. Lauren Willig wrote The Pink Carnation series, which focuses on British and French spies during the French Revolution. Both authors blend historical drama and romance.
Sure, The Giver is young adult fiction. Is that what you're looking for?
Great, then you need to read What my mother doesn't know by Sonia Sones if you haven't already.
I am glad I could help.
Straw Dogs and Saw II are similar to Fight Club.
Sure, it is an hour and 58 minutes long.
You are welcome.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix by JK Rowling is the fifth book/movie in the Harry Potter series. Have you seen the other movies?
Michael Gambon who was in the Half-Blood Prince starred in Sleepy Hollow. Have you seen it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, she wrote, Why Not Me, and Everyone Hanging Out Without Me? (And Other Concerns). Are you interested in either of them?
Why Not Me?. was written in English and released in 2015
I don't have that information. But in 2015 You're Never Weird on the Internet (Almost) was also released.
Enjoy!
Aylmer Maude wrote нна аренина. нна аренина, and it's in language English
I [Kuroshitsuji I].  I [Kuroshitsuji I] is written by Yana Toboso and is the same genre and written in English
Great! I'm glad i could help!
Sure, Catherine Hardwicke directed Red Riding Hood.
Red Riding Hood is starring Virginia Madsen, Michael Shanks and Julie Christie.
Catherine Hardwicke directed Twilight.
He is a soccer player. He currently plays for DC United. Are you a fan of soccer?
He played for Manchester United and Everton in the Premier League in England.
He was in his prime. However now he is in MLS.
It starred Jeremy Renne and Ralph Fiennes and is a war film. I am not a fan or war films.
Yes he was with Juliette Binoche and Colin Firth. That was a historical period drama movie. Did you see it?
Perhaps you can watch when you're children are older. It is a good movie.
You're welcome
Yes, it's available through Amazon Kindle it was written by Maria Semple and released in 2012.
Yes she is also credited with some screenwriting on it.
Sure, I've added it. Enjoy your book.
Sure, she's an accomplished writer, that's for sure. She wrote Torment, Teardrop, Rapture and Passion. Have you read any of those?
Ok, Torment was made into a film in 2010, and is an adventure film, a drama, and science fiction. It sounds exciting, if you ask me.
Yea, it seems to have good reviews. Enjoy!
I have some. She wrote Alice's Adventures In Wonderland and Through The Looking Glass. These are pretty fun reads.
That's right. What made you bring him up?
Jack and Jill and Charlie and the Chocolate Factory. Those are both appropriate for kids, star Johnny Depp, and are based off books.
No, you have an important meeting then I thought.
I remember you telling it to me. I believe you were going out of town.
Yes, this team was the Champion in 2011 FA Cup Final
Sure! Roberto Mancini, Peter Reid, Mark Hughes and Manuel Pellegrini among others.
You're welcome. Hope this information was helpful to you.
Sure. Can you tell me what genres you like to read?
Maybe you'll enjoy reading Vanishing Girls. It was released in 2015. I also suggest Requiem. It's a really good read.
Vanishing Girls is fiction.
I read Annabel and I enjoyed reading that one as well. Glad I could help you today. Hope you enjoy the book.
Yes! He directed The Simpsons Movie.
Sure! The movie was written by Ian Maxtone-Graham, George Meyer, and David Mirkin.
Yes! You are right.
No problem.
I don't really know much about him other than he plays cricket. Are you s fan?
I don't really know much about him either. I've heard of Graham Gooch, do you like him?
Really, that's interesting. Was he any good?
Of course, its a great movie, It stars Orlando Bloom in The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King did you know its a fantasy genre?
Mine as well, he also starred in The Good Doctor, that's a thriller film, do you like thrillers?
I think you'll enjoy that one, its really good, he also starred in Kingdom of Heaven have you seen that?
The Death Cure is a young-adult fiction/science fiction novel. Do you like these genres?
Yes, the author's name is James Dashner. He has written The Maze Runner series. Have you heard of the novel series?
I have not heard of this novel but from what I've read it has a very high approval rating amongst readers. Do you like any other young adult fiction novels?
She wrote the Nanny Diaries along with Emma MdLaughlin. It was a pretty good book.
Did you know it was made into a movie and there is a soundtrack for Nanny Diaries.
Yes, I do! It is part of a series written by J.K. Rowling. It stars Daniel Ratcliffe as Harry Potter, and it is considered a fantasy movie. Do you like that genre?
My Boy Jack does star Daniel Radcliffe. It also stars Michael McElhatton who was in Parked and Pentecost. I'm sorrry; could you clarify your second question?
He is in the Miracle Workers on TNT with Owen Wilson. Is that what you are referring to? It looks really funny!
Do you know what work J.M. Barrie writes?
Have you seen any of his Grindhouse films?
Death Proof is one of the films.
Stuntman Mike (Kurt Russell) is a professional body double who likes to take unsuspecting women for deadly drives in his free time. He has doctored his car for maximum impact; when Mike purposely causes wrecks, the bodies pile up while he walks away with barely a scratch.
Anything else I can help you with?
I like Katy Perry, she has some good songs and she is an actor and starred in Smurfs 2 and The Muppets. Do you like her songs?
Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13 are very popular.
Yes, he was actually in The Dirty Dozen. Really good film.
Lee Marvin and Jim Brown.
Orlando Bloom stars in it. Do you like movies starring Orlando Bloom?
Wade Williams was also in the The Good Doctor and in What Planet Are You From?. Have you seen it?
Enjoy!
Really? I think her sibling Serena has a more dominant presence in tennis.
Yes I haven't heard anything about Venus in a couple of years. Serena Williams starred in Hair Show and had about about a year or two ago
Okay I think both sisters have a piece of it. How cool. Thanks for the information.
Yes. He is from my hometown Santa Martha and is currently playing for the Monaco F.C.
He is captain in the Colombia national football team.
I don't like American football. Soccer is my favorite sport.
Absolutely, I would recommend Home Alone and the sequels too. You like comedies?
Home Alone 2 is another great movie comedy as is The Breakfast club
1985 great year for fabulous Comedies
Absolutely
Jason Derulo is ok. I am not his biggest fans but I do like a few of his songs. I like It Girl and In My Head. Do you like his music a lot?
I agree. Not many artists have that talent. Demi Lovato and Justin Bieber are also singer-songwriters as well. I feel so old when I start thinking they are the new artists!
They did date. Selena Gomez is very talented. I agree! I hate the fact that I've been in the car driving a few times, completely into a song and later realizing it was Selena Gomez. Not that she's not someone I shouldn't like, it just feels like she's so young.
Can do! Are you a fan of Stephen King?
My recommendation then would be The Shining.
You're welcome! Happy to help!
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland was written by Lewis Carroll. Would like recommendations about other book he wrote or books in the same genre?
Through the Looking-Glass is the sequel to Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.
I would start with A Wizard of Earthsea from her Earthsea series.
Sure, he starred in The Transporter Refueled and Deadpool. Do you like thrillers like those?
Yes, if you liked that actor in that one, you might also enjoy Our Kind of Traitor. Have you seen it?
I'd have to call it a thriller. If you like thrillers, you should check out Shark Night, as well.
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore.
I'd suggest adding Urban Legends:Final Cut to your watch list, in addition.
You're welcome.
im not sure how to answer that
Yes would you like to know which ones?
Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull
Rohit Sharma is an Athlete. Would you like to know more?
Rohit Sharma is from Nagpur, which is in India and he played for Mumbai Indians.
He no longer play, but is the leader and governance of Citigroup.
Did you need more information?
That author wrote The Doors of Perception and Brave New World. Are you a fan of dystopian fiction?
It was published in 1954, with positive and negative reception.
That's interesting. The book takes its title from a phrase in William Blake's 1793 poem The Marriage of Heaven and Hell.
Atonement was made into a film and is based upon the Suspense Book, Atonement. The film was written by Ian McEwan, Christopher Hampton, and Anthony Minghella.
Christopher Hampton wrote the film, The Quiet American as well.
It is a drama with a bit of mystery and suspense. Sound like something you'd like?
If you are into something like that, you should also try Without fail, which is also a thriller.
Enjoy!
The Thirteenth Floor is a similar movie
The Thirteenth Floor was genre Thriller and starred Brad William Henke
It also starred Armin Mueller-Stahl
Sure. Do you typically prefer fiction fantasy books, or is it author J.K. Rowling that you like?
I really loved Emma Stone in that movie. Do you like Romance films?
She was also in The Croods. Have you see that one?
Yes. It's a great Family fillm.
I Love her too! I know she does just about everything in entertainment. She's a singer, producer, actress, and a business executive!
Yes, one of the best performances I've ever seen by both Bradley and Gaga.
The Client was written by John Grisham, did you know it is also a movie?
It was a thriller and a drama.
You might enjoy the World Without End released in 2007.
Anything else I can do for you?
I think he is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a striker
I dont follow soccer much so don't know anything only know from where he is
I enjoy watching tennis, what about you?
Football means soccer or American football?
Great , well i am from new jersey so like New York giant
The Manchester City F.C is a football team, right? I don't really follow it too much. Is David Platt still the coach?
Do you? I like watching soccer in person. I don't know what it is about watching it on T.V that does not capture my attention. Are they doing good this year?
I'll have to start watching them more closely, I hope they do well this season!
Hi The Time Traveler's Wife was written by Audrey Niffenegger. She also wrote Her Fearful Symmetry
It is a Fiction. Some good mystery novels would be Four Blind Mice by James Patterson, or Roses are Red.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ok have a great day!
There is other other movie Zoombies
Written by Seth Grahame-smith
The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York, Mariner was written by Daniel Defoe. Do you like this writers' work?
In 1722 Daniel Defoe published a novel titled Moll Flanders. Have you ready it?
Moll Flanders is a picaresque fiction novel. Does this sound like something you would read?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Oh I love that song, so fun! She was on the reality show Canadian Idol, did you know that?
Nope, didn't know that! Good for her! She wrote that song, ya know!?
My thoughts exactly, and now I can't get it out of my head ha!
Yes, Alejandro Amenábar directed Agora, and The Others> Do you like adventure films?
Actually, Nicole Kidman starred in The Others, along with Fionnula Flanagan. Do you like Nicole Kidman, she's really talented. I didn;t know that she produced In The Cut.
Sure! She's also starred in Eyes Wide Shut, and was great in Batman Forever!
Yes, he co-autored the book Madame Bovary with Margaret Mauldon.
Sure, I'll be happy to. Madame Bovary is a romance novel and was released in 1856.
Yes. Malcolm Bowie and Gustave Flaubert also co-authored the book.
I don't know what else he has written besides Madame Bovary.
Would you like more information about the authors, the book, or the genre?
Madame Bovary is a romance novel, literary book, and fiction book. Do you enjoy those topics?
The Crying of Lot 49 and Stolen are also fiction titles. Do those titles sound interesting?
You're welcome. Let me know if I can help with anything else.
Tom Clancy wrote The Sum of All Fears, Without Remorse, Threat Vector and more. Do you want me to proceed with the list of his books?
Joseph Conrad wrote The Secret Agent: A Simple Tale. Have you read that?
No its not, but his books are available to listen to as an audiobook. oseph Conrad wrote Nostromo: a Tale of the Seaboard
No. Another recommendation would be he. Marvelous Land of Oz, The is written by L. Frank Baum and 1904 was the year that released Marvelous Land of Oz, T
Cormac McCarthy wrote Child of God is that something you are interested in?
Your Heart Belongs to Me is a Gothic fiction that you should check out.
Your Heart Belongs to Me is written by Dean Koontz, and she also wrote Watchers.
Your Heart Belongs to Me was released 2008. I am telling you it's really a good book that you should try.
You are welcome. Enjoy :)
Yeah, that was written by Michael Mason. It's a romance novel. Does this interest you?
I don't but did you know he played cricket in the 2008 Summer Olympics?
It is! Anything else I can help you with today?
Awesome, have a good day.
Christiana Lamb wrote that book, he was influenced by Paulo Coelho.
Not yet but Coelho wrote Veronika Decide Morrer and Maktub.
They verge on the spiritual realm of self reflection.
He wrote O Zahir and O Monte Cinco.
Kyrie Irving is a point guard at the National Basketball Association. I am really not sure what team he is in. Are you a fan?
I like watching basketball. I recently moved to LA and would love to watch a basketball game live sometime.
I like the Lakers when Kobe Bryant was still playing. How about you? Who is your favorite player from the Bulls?
I can tell you it was written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988. Coelho was also a Theatre Director.
Veronika decide Morrer is a similar book in English, It was written by Margaret Jull Costa.
I will. Can I also suggest  [Ln Y].  [Ln Y written by Cofucius?
Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood is a novel written by Rebecca Wells, Do you like this author?
Yes, I agree. Have you read Ya-Yas in Bloom or Little Altars Everywhere? She also wrote these books.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Kami Garcia wrote a bunch of great books. A couple are Dream Dark and Beautiful Redemption. Have you read either of those?
I don't have that information available, however, it is similiar to the story Dangerous Girls.
I will add it to your list. Have a great day.
Yes, she wrote Throne of Glass and the assassin's Blade.
Have you read Heir of fire and Empire os Storms
Enjoy your reading
Anything else I can help you with?
Sure, It is starring Kodi Smit-McPhee and Judy Greer. It is an excellent Sci-Fi movie.
Some movies to check out are ParaNorman, Let Me In and Dead Europe.
Yes, Its a great movie you should watch it.
Enjoy the movie!
AI Artificial Intelligence is a sci-Fi Drama, Gremlins is another movie similiar have you seen it?
Yes of course, Emma is a good drama and Catch-22 starring Bob Newhart have you seen those?
Of course, I think you'll enjoy those, To kill a Mockingbird is good too.
Evan Goldberg was the executive producer and he also directed The Interview which are similar and are comedies
Yes, I don't really think it's a psychological thriller. It's more of a comedy to me. He's also in Whatever it take which is also a comedy
Marla Sokoloff and Jodi Lyn O=Keefe is in it as well.
That was written by Charles Frazier and Anthony Minghella. Do you want recommendations by these authors?
He wrote Thirteen Moons and The Scarlet Pimpernel. Are you familiar with either one of these?
That is a historical novel written in 2006.
I sure will!
I don't watch sports much but I know they are owned by Jerry Jones. Bobby Carpenter plays for them. Do you like football?
I didn't know he was an actor. I'm not sure what he was in, have you seen any of his movies?
Haha, I wonder what kind of reality show!
Evan Almighty is somewhat of a sequel to Bruce Almighty but with Steve Carell as the star. Have you seen either movieS?
Certainly! The premise of Evan Almighty is that Evan Baxter leaves Buffalo behind for a seat in Congress when he is contacted by God to build an ark, much to the disbelief of everyone he knows.
Evan Almighty stars Steve Carell, Morgan Freeman and Lauren Graham. Its genre is considered Fantasy/Religious.
He's an actor that starred in The Kids Are All Right and Zathura: A Space Adventure.
I cannot, but The Kids Are All Right also stars Julianne Moore and Annette Bening.
Yes, she starred in Game Change and in Magnolia.
I'm not sure, but The Kids Are Alright is in the genre of Comedy drama. It's also classified as lesbian like, Imagine Me & You
You are welcome!
Yes, I have several movies. Pulp Fiction was written by Quentin Tarantino. Would you like to know more about other films written by him?
He has written and produced Grindhouse and Planet Terror.
No problem. Is there anything else I can help you today?
Ok.
Hello yes Tina Fey wrote Mean Girls which was produced by Loren Michaels
No he wasn't. But Khaled Hosseini was and was very good!
Absolutely! Tate Taylor directed The Help and Get on Up. She is also Screenwriter, Film director and Producer.
Yes, she did star in that movie. Do you want me to list movies starring Cicely Tyson?
She did! And that's a great movie too! Here are other movies that she was in : Diary of a Mad Black Woman, Madea's Family Reunion, and Fried Green Tomatoes.
You're very welcome! Enjoy!
The Dark Knight, Man of Steel, The Prestige
Directed and produced by Christopher Nolan
If your looking for George Lucas films than Indiana Jones would be the ticket. Is this what you had in mind?
Harrison Ford. Were you aware that he acted in the movie Extraordinary Measures?
I believe Brendan Fraser took part in the movie as well
sure! Did you like it because it was written by Paula McLain?
Circling the Sun is one of her most remarkable books.
It's a fiction novel, do you like fiction?
It was released in 2015, you should check it out.
You are most welcome!
Yes, Lea Thompson is The Wild Life, The Little Rascals, The Dog Lover and many more. Do you like her in Children's films?
She is also in comedy i believe. What is your favorite film of her?
Me too! Especially in Red Dawn. It written by John Milius, he wrote so many good movies.
I can help you with that. John Milius wrote Apocalypse Now, and Clear and Present Danger. Do you like Red Dawn because of the genre?
Oh then you might like Conan the Barbarian. John starred in it and also Sven-Ole Thorsen!
Yes, the whole series was great! Did you know it was written by Francis Ford Coppola?
She starred in I and II. By the way, Nicolas Cage is related to the Coppolas! He changed his name, of course, but he was born Nicolas Kim Coppola.
Yes, he is writer, director, and producer. Talented, indeed!
He wrote Madame Bovary. Have you had a chance to read that one yet?
Sure! If you like romance novels, you may want to try Where Rainbows End or Welcome to Temptation. They are not by the same author, but they fit the Romance genre you like.
Yes, that was released in 2004! If you like that one when you read it, let me know and I can recommend some additional romance novels for you to enjoy!
I sure will! Anything else I can help you with?
Stieg Larsson is an author.
She wrote several. Do you like romance or fantasy novels better?
Graceling is one of her romance books. It was released in 2008!
Unfortunately, I do not know what else Margery Williams Bianco is know for besides The Velveteen Rabbit, but I find it is based on Literature.
Sure can! I recommend The Giver, which has genre Speculative fiction
You're welcome. The Giver is written by Lois Lowry.
I think he's a great quarterback.
I'd rather go to the games in person!
Yes, we were at the infamous Buffalo Bills game last year on December 10, with all that snow. It was so bad, they had to bring snowblowers onto the field so the players could see the lines.
It was mostly just very, very cold, especially since the game went into overtime.
Yes,It is written by Rick Riordon
It is young adult fiction
Yes,he is the author
You're Welcome!
I certainly can! One of my favorites is Monsters University, starring Steve Buscemi. Have you seen that one? It is really cute!
Monsters University also stars Tyler Labine, Kelsey Grammer, and Frank Oz. Are you familiar with any of these?
I'm happy to assist you with your movie choices!
Niccolo Machiavelli wrote The Prince.
The Prince is considered Non-Fiction.
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People has a genre of Self-Help. Self-help books include How to Win Friends and Influence People.
Oh yes! He is one of my favorite artists for Latin music and crossover English
Yes I am Latina and I grew up listening to his father Julio Iglesias a Latin music icon. Enrique has hits Hero and I Like It in English and Takin Back My Love.
Enrique has hits in the early 2000
Sure. It was written by Truman Capote. Are you a fan of his work, or do you like this book because it is crime fiction?
You may also like Murder on the Orient Express. If you'd like more Truman Capote, you could also try Utterly Cold Blooded.
I am always happy to assist!
It's a biography and also involves a story about cancer.
I like the biography A Beautiful Mind. This was about the subject matter math.
It stars Ellen Foster, and it too, is a biography.
This is an autobiography written by Marilyn Manson and also by Neil Strauss. Do you like gothic metal?
I am not a big fan, seems like a good singer though. I like some of her hits, but have never been compelled to buy any of her music.
Yes. I prefer Taylor Swift's earlier stuff when she was more of a singer-songwriter though. Now she is more of a pop star.
That's interesting, I didn't know that she played Guitar.
I definitely recommend White Squall. It is a slept on classic. Have you seen this flick?
John Savage also stars in this movie. This 1996 movie is considered a disaster survival film.
Sorry I don't have any Coming of Age movies examples at this time.
You are correct. Check those out if have not.
Will do. Talk to you later. If you have any questions that is!
Sure! You might like he Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club, The Old Curiosity Shop, or The Life and Adventures of Martin Chuzzlewit.
The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club was Charles Dickens's first novel. He was asked to contribute to the project as an up-and-coming writer following the success of Sketches by Boz, published in 1836.
He's written at least 19 amazing books!
Enjoy!
Sure, John Grogan starred in Marley & Me.
He also wrote Marley & Me and Love with the Worlds Most Dog
Sure, Scream was directed by Wes Craven. He also directed A Nightmare on Elm Street and Red Eye.
I am, I've enjoyed movies like Tusk and Truth or Die. Have you seen them?
I only know it is a horror film, but I have information on Johnny Depp. He also produced The Rum Diary, Hugo, and Dark Shadows.
Great choice, Stallone directed The Expedables, and Rocky IV.
Yes, that's right. He also starred in Redbelt.
Tim Allen and Alice Braga are also in it.
Sure! Cassandra Clare wrote The Mortal Instrument Series which included: City of Bones, City of Ashes, City of Glass and the City of Fallen Angels. Have you read any of these?
They're all very similar and have the genre of fantasy and young-adult fiction. Is that something you'd like to know more about?
She also wrote Clockwork Angel. That might be something cool to check out.
Some movies similar to pulp fiction include Vantage point and Royal Kill.
Peter Greene
I don't know that much about him other than him being a table tennis player. Do you follow the sport?
Oh I see. I enjoyed watching the swimming events from the 2012 Olympic games.
Actually my favorite swimmer is Michael Phelps as well, but I couldn't stand those Subway commercials he used to do
Likewise! Take care.
I think he was the one who wrote Stuck on You. Have you seen that film? Matt Damon was on it.
It's a comedy. If you like something light then this movie is for you.
I know right. You'll be surprised that Tom Brady is in that movie too.
Rob Cohen directed The Skulls which also starred Paul Walker and and Leslie Bibb. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, William Peterson and Kevin Allen also starred in The Skulls.
No problem. Can I help you with anything else?
I know that C Bayern coached Munich Team Louis van Gaal
This is the UEFA Champions League
Yes, you are correct!
I believe that you are talking about AB de Villiers, the cricket player. Am I right?
He's a great athlete who holds many batting records, including the world's fastest One Day International (ODI) 50, 100 and 150
Sure.. Clint Eastwood directed Million Dollar Baby.starring Morgan Freeman, and Space Cowboys starring Tommy Lee Jones
Hilary Swank, who also starred in Amelia with Richard Gere
Great! Enjoy
Certainly! Among his many films, The Tourist and The Lives of Others stand out.
It is actually considered a mash up of a few genres. Among those are thriller, romance, and action. It is also in book form.
The two biggest stars are Johnny Depp and Angelina Jolie Pitt. Are you a fan of either?
The film was released in 2010, the same year we saw The Dead Undead and Jonah Hex.
The novel was written by Olen Steinhauer.
You will certainly enjoy it!
I don't agree they're the best of all time but I do think Steve Kerr is one of the greatest coaches.
I like the Pelicans. What do you think of them?
Yes, I agree. Did you know Tom Benson is the owner?
Jane Eyre is actually a Romance novel by Michael Mason
I am not sure if he has, but I can give you list of romantic novels like The Time Machine
Where Rainbows End and The Notebook are really good ones if you haven't read them
I don't know much other than he plays basketball.
I like basketball just dont know many players I know Steve Nash
I did, what other players are Canadian?
John Boyne wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas.
The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas has genre Postmodern literature and Fiction. It was released in 2006.
My pleasure.
A Million Little Pieces is written by James Frey and has genre memoir and speculative fiction.
James Frey is writer who also wrote William Goldman. He also is a film director.
James Frey also directed North Beach which is a romance/comedy which was released in 2000.
Yes. He is a writer. He wrote The Tragical Historie of hamlet Prince of Denmark
A very long time ago in William Shakespeares day. The Winter's Tale was also released in 1600
Yes it was another in the series was The Taming of the Shrew
Yes. Enjoy!
Of course, Toni Kroos is a German professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Spanish club Real Madrid and the German national team.
Yes, Thomas Muller is also German professional footballer. Are you a fan of him?
I like soccer. Bayern Munich is my favorite football team.
Sure, he's a tennis player from Basel.
It's a city in Switzerland. Do you like tennis?
You mean the girl who song, Call Me Maybe? Of course I do. Do you know she made an appearance in Canadian Idol?
Nope, but she deserves it. Her songs are truly off the charts
Yeah, let's not forget the 604 Records as well
Jaws was a great movie. It was written by Peter Benchley, I think. Another movie produced by Stephen Spielberg is the sequel Jaws 2.
Kieth Gordon did star in Jaws 2. I am not sure who wrote it but I do know that Keith Gordon starred in The Legend of Billie Jean as well.
Enjoy Also, don't forget to check out the Jaws 2 sequel, Jaws 3-D
yes. Isabelle Nanty starred in Amelie and Les Visiteurs.
I don't know the writer , but Jean-Pierre Jeunet directed Amelie.
Yes. Amelie is a Romance,France and French genre.
Have you seen the skulls yet?
It is both Suspense and a Psychological Thriller.
It stars Craig T. Nelson, are you a fan?
This movie is also starring Leslie Bibb.
Movie 43, No Good Deed and Law abiding Citizen.
Sure thing.
Not really, but I think it a National Football League.
No, not into Football.
Soccer, Manchester Utd is my favorit.e
I like some of their music. Somewhere I Belong and Shadow of the Day are good ones. Who is in the band>
I like their sound but the lyrics can be intense for rock music.
I agree. It's not my favorite genre. I prefer smooth jazz.
I do, I watched the Eagles play in Super Bowl XXXIX.
I heard that, do you know who they beat?
Oh that is impressive, the Patriots are a great team.
Sure, do you like In Cold Blood because of the author, Truman Capote, or do you like Crime and Drama novels?
Ooh, then you should try Gone, Baby, Gone by Dennis Lehane. It's a very suspensful Crime Fiction.
Not that I'm aware of. It's a detective novel, fourth in a series. I think you'd like it.
Another similar fantasy comedy is you might like is Garfield.
Yes, it has the popular fat cat. Do you enjoy comedy movies?
Another fantasy comedy movie is Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory.
They're alright, Jason Kidd is their coach and they were the runner-up in the 2003 NBA finals.
I watch it here and there. The Brooklyn Nets are on the Eastern Conference and their stadium is the Barclays Center
Not really, I don't have to follow sports like a lot of people but I'll watch it from time to time. Do you?
I agree with you. Yes I have heard of it. Denzel Washington, Mila Kunis, and Gary Oldman star in it. It was released in 2010. Do you like dramas?
Well apparently she was...or is...married to Ashton Kutcher. She starred in Ted, Santa with Muscles, and Oz the Great and Powerful.
Ted Danson (maybe it's about him? lol), Seth MacFarlane, Ryan Reynolds and Ray Romano. All star cast I see.
You are welcome. Have a great night!
Sure, he was in The Lion King and Win a Date with Tad Hamilton!
He was! That was a funny movie.
That movie was released in 1996.
Yes. Orlando Bloom starred in that movie. It's a great fantasy type movie.
Yes, he was. Along with Rob Morrow and Troy Garity. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, perhaps you would like Sinister, starring Ethan Hawke. It's a great thriller mystery.
Sure, Ryan Reynolds was a star in X-men Origins and also starred in Waiting.
Well, he was in that one I mentioned, Waiting, released in 2005, a coming of age movie.
I find that others were Wendie Malick and Vanessa Lengies.
My pleasure, goodbye.
Sure! Did he enjoy it because Matt Damon starred in it?
He's a great actor, isn't he? He also starred in Good Will Hunting, which also stars Robin Williams and Ben Affleck.
It's a very good movie! There's two Action/Adventure Films that he stars in, which is The Brothers Grimm and All the Pretty Horses. Both are great.
You're welcome! Enjoy.
Sure! Boyhood was is a Drama movie released in 2014 and directed by Richard Linklater. Do you like Drama movies?
Richard Linklater directed and starred in the Mystery Film Waking Life and the movie Confused. Do you like films that are genre Mystery?
The hit film Confused was released in 2009 and also stars Vernon Dobtcheff. Another good Mystery movie is Sunset? Have you seen it yet?
Sure! Sunset was directed by Ethan Hawke. He also directed the hit movie The Newton Boys, which you might also like, its genre History
Sure, it was released in 2005, and stars Thomas Kretschmann and Naomi Watts to name a couple.
You know, I'm not sure, but I'm thinking Fantasy or Science-Fiction perhaps. Do you like Science Fiction?
Yup, have you seen Eon Flux?
It is, and I love Paterson Joseph, who is one of the leads.
I'm pretty sure they're a football team. I think they're owned by Tom Benson.
Yes. I think they won their last championship game in 1967. Long time ago.
Yea, no kidding. Doesn't Mike Tomlin coach the Steelers?
Sure, Evan Goldberg directed This is the End adapted from the book by Seth Rogen. Mr. Goldberg also directed The Interview.
The End is a fantasy film starring Mindy Kaling and Martin Starr.
Yes, Channing Tatum too. Are you interested in other films with Channing Tatum?
He is also in The Vow and The Son of No One. Have you seen these?
Rachel McAdams is in The Vow.
You're welcome.
We have Red Dragon and Hannibal which are sequels.
He has been in Schindler's Listand The English Patient.
It is good you will enjoy. What other types of films do you like?
You might check out State of the Union and Zulu.
Sure, she starred in the iconic The Lion King, which was written by Irene Mecchi.
West Side Story and The Sound of Music are great ones!
No problem!
Of Course, I am a huge Will Smith fan, he stars in that movie.
I, Robot is a really popular one he is in. There is also some other big names in that movie like Shia LaBeouf and James Cromwell.
Action and Mystery seem to be the base of this movie genre.
Will do, I hope you like it!
i dont know much, but i do know he play on the England national football team.
i dont either. i just know england national football team home venue is Wembley Stadium.
I watch nfl football and basketball. I just found out one of england national football team players David Beckham has a celebrity friend Gordon Ramsay.
Yes. Steve McQueen directed Shame and 12 Years a Slave. Do those movies interest your uncle?
I love BTS, what's your favorite song?
That's right, they began their career in Seoul! They make a style of pop music called k-pop!
Yes, from what I've heard that's where their career started. I don't know much about Seoul. What do you like about it?
Wild Bill and Welcome to the Punch are both great movies that Jason Flemyng stars in.
You should watch it, Ruth Sheen and Jason Maza are in it as well.
You should watch it, Ruth Sheen and Jason Maza are in it as well.
Your welcome.
Marian Wiesel wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign and was released in 1958.
That novel is a autobiography and non-fiction.
You're very welcome.
I think you would like The Wolverine. They are both Sci-Fi genre. Do you like that kind of movie?
Tao Okamoto, Rila Fukushima and of course Hugh Jackma. Do you like any of these actors?
you're welcome.
Yes, he is a Composer by trade, but is also an artist, actor, and film producer.
I am sorry, I do not understand your question. Did you know that Ziggy Marley was also an actor?
No, I do not have that information at this time. Do you want some suggestions of other actors to check out?
Sure, there is Zak Penn, Yogi Berra, and Woody Allen. You should look into some work done by them.
Sure! Epatha Merkerson starred in The Six Wives of Henry Lefay and Terminator 2: Judgement Day.
I believe it is a drama. Do you enjoy dramas?
I beleive that Kelli Garner also played in My Generation which is a drama.
Steven D. Levitt is a writer who wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything. Have you read it?
Did you know Dubner was born in Duanesburg?
I haven't read any of his books before although I do enjoy the topic of economics. Did you enjoy reading it?
I'll have to check it out then!
The World's End and Scott Pilgrim vs. the World are very popular book from him.
That is correct. Cloverfield is also a great Sci Fi if you like that Genre.
Yes, he is a very good Actor.
Yes I do I love The Escapist
It is the 18th thing they recorded and is part of Prospekt's March EP
no that is all
Sure! Laini Taylor wrote Dreams of Gods & Monsters. Are you familiar with it?
Absolutely! It was written by Taylor and released in 2014. It is an English language book. Taylor also wrote My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories.
I am not sure of the release date for that one, but I think you will enjoy it.
I am so happy that I could help. Enjoy!
I am not a huge basketball fan but I do have knowledge about him. He is from Oakland, right?
Great, he also won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award which is really incredible.
Yes, on TV once. I haven't had the opportunity to see him in person.
He starred in Grindhouse, which is an action movie. Have you seen it?
He did. Are you a Rob Zombie fan?
Sure! He wrote House of 1000 Corpses, which is a horror movie. He also starred in it and composed for it. Have you seen that one?
Yes, I can help with that. I have High School Musical 2, Windtalkers, The Quiet American and Saints and Soldiers. Anything else I can help with?
Not that I know of, can I help with anything else?
Sure, I have Beautiful Creatures and it has a young-adult fiction genre, Annie Hall is a Romantic Comedy, and Zoo Keeper also a Romantic Comedy. Do you prefer any of these?
So, may I order it for you? Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, Zambezia, Tom and Jerry Meet Sherlock Holmes, The Powerpuff Girls Movie and Step Brothers. Do you have heard any of the name?
Along with Phil LaMarr there are Noureen DeWulf, Leonard Nimoy starred in it, do you want the genre of this movie too?
It is Science Fiction, Drama and a Disaster film. Do you want to know more movies of Leonard Nimoy?
Great, you welcome!
They are a basketball team out of New York. Are you a big basketball fan?
Would you like me to recommend other movies starring Ramon Rodriguez? He stars in Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen
He also starred in Need for Speed which is an action movie as well. Have you seen that one yet?
Need for Speed was directed by Scott Waugh and has action and crome
PS, I Love You is a romance novel, is that why you like that book?
Voyager is a historical fiction novel, did you know that Dragonfly in Amber is the next in the series Voyager?
I believe so since it is in the same series, some other romance novels are Where Rainbows End and water for Elephants
Glad I could help
She is a tennis player from Mumbai. Do you like tennis?
Only when they have big matches. I do like the sisters as well. Did you know she was in the London 2012 Summer Olympics
I agree.
Sure, He was in Looking for Richard and Two for the Money.
Looking for Richard is a Drama and Two for the Money is a Crime Drama. Do you want to see more of his movies? Do you like thrillers?
Not really. Any Given Sunday is a semi comedy but he does mostly thrillers, crime drama and drama.
If you are into satire then The Stepford Wives should be a good book in that genre.
Ira Levin wrote it. Are you familiar with her work?
That's the only book I know that she wrote. However another book in that genre is The Day of the Locust.
Sure I hope you like it.
Yes, she is a singer and composer. She sang Jar of Hearts and A Thousand Years. Have you heard either of those?
Sure. The chorus goes, "Who do you think you are? Runnin' 'round leaving scars Collecting your jar of hearts And tearing love apart You're gonna catch a cold From the ice inside your soul So don't come back for me Who do you think you are?"
It was released in 2011.
Glad I could help.
He is very talented. He starred in Zero Dark Thirty and in The Bourne Ultimatum. Do you like Crime Fiction movies?
How about thrillers? That movie was written by Mark Boal who also wrote The Hurt Locker. I think you'd like it too.
I don't think so. Jeremy Renner is in The Hurt Locker and Parker Sawyers is in Zero Dark Thirty.
Good idea! It also stars David Morse.
Sure. Rob Riggle starred in Unaccompanied Minors, The Other Guys and in The Lorax, which is an animation.
Sure, it's considered a teen film / adventure. It was released in 2006. B. J. Novak and Bruce McCulloch also starred in the movie.
Other teen films would include Young Sherlock Holmes, Thunderbirds and George of the Jungle.
Sure. Enjoy!
Enjoy!
Of course! One of my favorite movies with him was Water for Elephants. I've been meaning to see Spectre. He's in that too!
It was adapted from the Historical Novel by Sara Gruen. Robert Pattinson also starred in it!
I almost forgot Reese Witherspoon is also in it! You won't be disappointed by this movie!
It stars Libby Villari and Ellar Coltrane.
The original book was written by him. The recent movie screenplay was written by Richard Linklater.
He also starred in the Mystery movie Waking Life.
You're welcome. Enjoy your movie.
Might I suggest The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner, The Key to Midnight or Shadow Fires?
The Graphic Novel was written and released by Stephanie Meyer in 2011, You might like that one.
No problem.
Holden Scott helped write it.
Starring Rashida Jones, Max Minghella, Marcella Lentz-Pope, Malese Jow
I am not really sure on that note.
Your welcome
He's an amazing Author. Have you read any of his books?
I'm drawing a blank, but his writings are similar to William Shakespeare.
Zadie Smith is the one that wrote White Teeth. White Teeth about Great Britain. Am I right?
He wrote some cool science fiction ones like The Fog and They Live. Have you seen those?
Sure that one stars Jamie Lee Curtis and DeRay Davis. That one was a TV series.
Did you see her in another one of Carpenter's movies called Escape from New York?
It actually fits into a bunch of genres like western, thriller and science fiction!
Other books in the drama category include Women in Love and Dance with Wolves
British author D. H. Lawrence wrote Women in Love.
D. H. Lawrence also wrote The Captain's Doll.
Yes I can.
Inception, Blade Runner, Total Recall...
Leonardo DiCaprio, Tom Hardy...
A Wrinkle in Time is a Science Fantasy work. Do you like it because of that?
The Maze Runner and The Chocolate War are both examples of Young-adult fiction. Are you familiar with those?
It was released in 1974, not sure if that would be considered older in terms of fiction.
Jeff Lindsay is known for those genres, how about his book Dexter in The Dark?
It was released in 2007 and later the series was adapted as a television show.
No problem, enjoy.
Ayush Mahesh Khedekar was in Slumdog Millionaire. Have you seen it?
it's a great romance written by Vikas Swarup.
it was released in 2008. Ek Tha Hero is another movie with Ayush Mahesh Khedekar.
hope you enjoy.
Starred in the Hobbit.
The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones
Fantasy/Drama
The Golden Compass
Chris Weits
Did you enjoy the BFG because it is speculative fiction or because it is a children's book?
If you liked Zoe's Tale have you tried The Last Colony? It is the next book in that series.
Yes it is some other examples of speculative fiction include Weaveworld and Welcome to the Monkey House
I sure do. The Goldfinch is a fiction book written by Donna Tartt that was released in 2013. Would you like to read something similar?
She has, for the Goldfinch
Yes, she did. The Secret History is a novel.
Yes, she was born in Greenwood, Mississippi
you got it
You like works written by Jojo Moyes, the author of this book?
The Ship of Brides was good. Jojo Moyes also wrote The One Plus One and The Girl You Left Behind. Heard of these?
Enjoy! Another one is Silver Bay, if you are interested.
Yep! It's a great movie. It's written by John Green and stars Sam Trammell. Are you interested in either of those people?
Indeed. It's a Romance genre movie. Is that your genre of choice?
Indeed. It also stars Nat Wolff and Meg Crosbie. Both great actors.
Indeed, along with The Outsiders.
F. Scott Fitzgerald has wrote many books. Is there a specific genre you like?
"This Side of Paradise" and "The Beautiful and Damned" are both Fictional Novels written by F. Scott Fitzgerald which has amazing story lines.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure , some of the movies directed by Tim Miller is The Goon and Black Hat 2015
I also have not seen the Black Hat but seems like it is interesting movie
Sur another one is Gopher Broke in 2004 and Gopher Broke in 2004
I hope you enjoy it
Sure! Pan's Labyrinth is written by Guillermo del Toro. It starred Alex Angulo.
The movie is in Spanish. Are you interested in the movie?
The movie is an interesting mix of Fantasy, Drama, and War. You might enjoy this!
Sure! The most popular fantasy films of this age are" Avatar, Alice in Wonderland, and Enchanted.
I hope you enjoy it!
Pat Conroy wrote the Water is Wide and the Prince of Tides
Yes that is correct, did you know that Kate Nelligan also stared in Wolf and the Vampire Chronicles?
According to my sources Michael York also starred in Tom and Jerry Meet Sherlock Holmes.
I am not too familiar with him but I think I have heard that he may have written or rewritten a version of Homer's Iliac?
Yes, I studied in in Latin. And I think Francis Ford Coppola produced a TV version of the Odyssey.
Absolutely, especially the Godfather series and I liked seeing Sofia Coppola in Godfather II.
Okay, thanks!
Into the Wild is written by Sean Penn and Jon Krakauer just to name a couple.
Yes that's true. Into the Wild has genre of Adventure. are you into adventure movies?
I dont have that information right now, but i suggest watching Wildwood Dancing. its a good movie.
Garth Williams is a great author. He wrote The Little House Collection. Have you read any of these books?
One of his most popular pieces of work is Les Miserables, have you seen that one before?
It is quite a good romance. Eddie Redmayne and Samantha Barks star in this as well as Hugh Jackman.
Okay, enjoy!
My 5 yr old can't get enough of this musician from Honolulu.
I don't have much time now to listen to dance or pop music unfortunately.
I'll definitely have to make some time to listen to your suggestion!
Thanks!
They are a German Football team based in Munich.
Niko Kova has been the head coach since July first 2018.
Yes, Over 28 national titles and 18 national cups.
I am unsure of that information, but The Maze Runner has The Scorch Trials next in the series
The Scorch Trials is written by James Dashner. It is Young-adult science fiction. Do you like science fiction?
you are most welcome. Please enjoy.
The God of Small Things is a good book, have you heard of it?
They are Novel, Psychological Fiction, Domestic Fiction and it is a very captivating book. I recommend it
Yes as an Independent India film and the author also starred in it. Good watch
enjoy
no not at this time
the music in the secret life of bees a lot music was by Mark Isham
this is a movie
Dracula is a popular one by that author.
That is all I have by her.
Oh, yes. Che Guevara and Astrid Lindgren are to similar authors.
Your welcome.
I do indeed. Do you like all Orlando Bloom movies or just Fantasy in general?
The Good Doctor was a great movie. Bloom actually produced it! But you might want to try Frequency.
It sure did. It also starred Tom Hardy, who is hugely popular as well.
You mean the famous Football team?
Not really. Who's the owner of that team again?
Do you mean Dallas Cowboys?
Me too! Have you seen Wuthering Heights or Troy?
Some of the leads were Vincent Regan, Tyler Mane, and Saffron Burrows, to name just a few.
Unfortunately, I can't find that information - weird! Any other movies?
I never actually saw that one, sorry!
Yes, he wrote The Good Earth which is a Historical period drama. Have you read it?
It was released in 1931. Another book you might like that was released the same year was The Waves.
I see, do they sound interesting to you? Another book I can recommend is Women in Love.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, of course she is one of the best players in Tennis and also a Wimbledon Champion if I am not mistaken. Am I right?
I am not an avid sports news reader and I do not have any information about her.
I never watch sports that much anyway, are you aware of other athletes, Yuvraj Singh or Wayne Rooney?
Perfect answer! Did that sound like some general knowledge question? I know the Indian Cricketers are very popular as popular as film celebrities of Bollywood.
Great book! The author is Thomas Christensen. It was released in 1989.
Some other books that were released in 1989 were While My Pretty One Sleeps, written by Mary Higgins Clark and Well-Schooled in Murder by Elizabeth George.
No problem! You will enjoy them! Is there anything else you'd like to know?
Enjoy!
X-Men, Spider Man, Incredible Hulk are all really good Films You see them
Yes, he also wrote Incident at Loch Ness , Have you seen that one?
came out in 2004, and stars John Bailey and Zak Penn
Enjoy
Sure. Ryan Gosling and Steve Carell both star in that movie. Would you like movies with either of them, or romance?
You might enjoy She's out of my league, Date Movie, or Garden State. All are comedies.
Enjoy!
Sure! Wolves of the Calla is a good one and so is the Stand.
I couldn't tell you when they were released Stephen KIng is from the US
I would categorize them as horror and science fiction
Nice Chatting!
Would you like to know more about movies that star Tom hanks?
Tom Hanks has stared in many movies, including Larry Crowne, That Thing You Do, and the Simpsons Movie.
All three experienced general success.
Would you like to know about the awards Mr. Hanks has won?
Okay
Are you a J K Rowling fan? Do you like Mystery or Fiction?
Yes it is. Other films in that genre are The Returned and Holes in case you are interested in other non-JK Rowling written films.
I'm not sure if Pierre Perrier starred in that one? The Returned was released in 2013 and it stars Emily Hampshire.
I do, but I prefer the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like them?
They are owned by the Paul G. Allen Family Foundation and coached by Pete Carroll.
I've never been to CenturyLink Field. Do you know if it is an open stadium?
I love that book! It was written by Jerry Spinelli. He also wrote Loser. It was relased in 2000.
It is Young-Adult one of my favorite genres. I can't think of any others by Spinelli right now but Wicked Lovely is also young adult and is an excellent book. Have you read that one?
Great. I think you'll really enjoy it. You should also be sure to check out Loser by Spinelli.
I think he is an okay player. He lost a match to Rafael Nadal, probably my favorite. How about you?
That's amazing! Do you think he is better than Roger Federer?
I see. Both of them are wonderful athletes.
Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is a great read.
I pretty sure she co wrote it, same with Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows.
What Alice Forgot was written by Liane Moriarty. She also wrote Truly Madly Guilty.
Yes, she wrote Big Little Lies, and Three Wishes which was also popular.
No problem, enjoy.
I think they have a great history but arent great as of late. Who is your favorite team
Jets
Not great I am from New York so I like them. I think they need a whole new system. Do you think Cowboys coach jason Garrett will get fired?
I would give him another year or two
Bryan Singer starred in X-Men 2, written by Stan Lee. Do you like movies written by that author?
You might also enjoy Thor or The Incredible Hulk. Have you seen those?
One of the more recent versions stars Edward Norton.
Sure. Elizabeth Sherrill wrote The Hiding Place, The Cross and the Switchblade, and God's Smuggler. Would you be interested to know more about these books?
It's a nonfiction as well as an Autobiography released in 1971.
My pleasure! Anything else that I can assist you with?
Yes, he starred in a Martial Arts film called "Warrior". Do you like Martial Arts movies?
Yes, I do. There is a movie called Ip Man.
Great! There is also an Ip Man 2 that you may be interested in.
Have a great day!
He directed The Lego Movie and both 21 and 22 Jump Street.
Channing Tatum was in it, he was also in White House Down.
Magic Mike is a popular one he was in. Have you seen that one?
Your welcome.
Sure, it's an adventure film about a young man who embarks on journey to the Alaska wilderness.
Your Highness has a great cast including Natalie Portman and James Franco
Yes, that's a great romantic comedy. She co-starred with Ashton Kutcher.
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, Tron is an action movie starring Jeff Bridges, do you like action?
You will like Zombieland, War of the Worlds, WALLE
It has Woody Harrelson and Emma Stone
It was released in 2009
Sure! The Last Days of Dogtown is a very good read. Have you read that one?
I unfortunately don't have any other recommendations for anything by Anita Diamant.
You're welcome!
If you enjoyed reading A Little Princess, then I think you'll really like The King of Attolia.
That was written by Megan Whalen Turner, a very good Speculative Fiction author.
Certainly. Undead and Unwed is very good.
A Farewell to Arms is a Fiction Novel, would you like books from this same genre?
To Have and Have Not is a Fiction Novel which is written Ernest Hemingway who also wrote A Farewell to Arms
The film To Have and Have Not is actually the same as the story
What about Year One? I hear that this is another good one directed by the same producer
Xander Berkeley and Olivia Wilde both starred in this movie
Yeah, he did
No problem
They are a rock band and recorded Linkin Park
Are you interested in the Sci-Fi genre?
Have you seen X-Men:First Class?
Yes, but if you like adventure, watch Seven Sons with Jeff Bridges too
I'm not sure about that, but I have other movies in the adventure genre.
Micmacs is a popular movie directed by Jean-pierre jeunet.
Yup, Omar Sy and Dany Boon are also in the movie.
I don't have that information. You should watch the movie Swimming Pool if you like him.
Your welcome.
The Murderer's Daughter and The Dice Man are similar.
Randy Susan Meyer released this in 2009. Would you like to read it?
Absolutely!
Tommy Lee Jones and Stephen Root. Would you like to hear about other suspense or western movies?
He starred in Natural Born Killers and also Men in Black 1, 2, and 3
It was directed by Oliver Stone
You may like Charlie Wilson's War. It also stars Rizwan Manji.
It is about the Soviet-Afghan War. Do you like war movies?
Yes it is!
You're welcome
Me Before You is written by Jojo Moyes and was released in 2012.
The Last Letter From Your Lover and The Girl You Left Behind are both good books.
No problem. Oh yea dont forget to check out After You its a good book as well.
Alexandre Dumas was a French writer who wrote two very famous books, The Count of Monte Cristo and The Three Musketeers.
Yes, he wrote it in 1844. Would you like me to recommend any similar novels?
I would recommend The Khaavren Romances by Steven Brust. They are a homage to the three musketeers.
Of course! Have a good day!
Absolutely. Mark Haddon has written The Red House, Dog in the Night-Time, and A Spot of Brother.
Yes that is starring Tom Cruise and is an Action Adventure.
I have seen it. I have to say I love Brad Pitt more in that movie. If you like adventeure uou would like White Fang
Yes it starring Susan Hogan and Seymour Cassel you will enjoy.
Sure. Katherine Paterson wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins which is genre Children's literature. Do you like her because she writes Childrens novels?
The Great Gilly Hopkin's in not part of a book series, but she has written some similar novels. Have you read Bridge to Terabithia yet?
Great! You might also like The Son of Neptune which is a popular Fantasy novel she wrote.
Of course! Are you more partial to the Thriller or Young-Adult Fiction aspects?
OK. Some recommendations off the bat would be "Zipper" and "Shark Night." Do those pique your interest?
Some of the stars include Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore among the more noteworthy ones.
Sure, he wrote Walking Disaster, Providence, Beautiful Sacrifice etc. Are you interested in any particular genre?
It's a romantic novel
Maddox Brothers is a mystery series, you may like them
Sure, enjoy the book!
Sure! Do you love Sci-Fi movies or Keanu Reeves?
Great! Perhaps I could recommend The Matrix Revolutions or John Wick, both starring Keanu Reeves.
Alfie Allen, Jason Mantzoukas and Ian McShane.
Enjoy!
Oh yes, she is a singer/ songwriter, producer and she has some very good Dance pop and jazz/soul songs
Yes she did, and she is from Australia. Do you like her music?
Chandelier and Big Girls Cry are very popular songs as well as Never Give Up from the Lion King Soundtrack.
Sure, she wrote Speed Racer and Bound. They are Family and Romance respectively. Do you like these genres?
Yes, I like Romance too. You'll like Little Women then.
No, it is Action and Motorsport genre. If you like action, you'll like Ninja Assassin
Did you enjoy Blood Promise because it was written by Richelle Mead or because it was a Young-adult novel?
Yes Richelle Mead also wrote Vampire Academy, have you read that one yet?
Richelle Mead wrote it as well
Yes it was also written by Emma Vieceli and Leigh Dragoon
Redacted is very similar to Mission Impossible
That movie was released in 2014 and starred some very familiar names including Will Ferrell and Morgan Freeman.
If you enjoyed that movie, you'll probably enjoy Storks, Megamind and Despicable Me.
Yes! Will Ferrell provides the voice of the star in Megamind.
Sounds great!
He starred in Ted along with Ted Danson. Have you seen it?
It was a great comedy, Ray Romano also starred in it. You should check it out!
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! Maurice Hindle wrote the hit book Frankenstein which was released in 1818 have you read it?
Correct! The Modern Prometheus was also released in 1818 and was written by Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley and Maurice Hindle. Have you read it?
Yes, both were released in 1818 in English. Would you like to add these to you read list?
I believe he wrote the book Madame Bovary. Have you heard of this before?
It was released in the year 1856
Yes, as a matter of fact she did
It is actually an American Football team from Charlotte, North Carolina.
Oh, then she also doesn't know anything about football, the Cowboys are bad. I am more into Basketball, I love the Charlotte Hornets.
That's interesting. Isn't he also an actor? I think I saw him in American Gangster.
There is! There is a Toy Story 2, and Toy Story 3, which all star Tim Allen as Buzz Lightyear
There are a lot of stars in that movie, like Tom Hanks, Joan Cusak, and even the late Don Rickles!
While it is a fun family movie, with lots of laughs, there might be a few tear jerking moments.
Of course!
He plays basketball, doesn't he? I don't know what team though.
Me neither, but I believe he plays for Los Angeles.
I follow running and obstacles events.
I have William Sanderson and Sean Young as the stars of Blade Runner. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
He was also in the Rocketeer, The Client, and Pretty Ugly People. That last one is an excellent movie. It's more of a comedy.
Jennifer Connelly, Timothy Dalton, and Alan Arkin are also in it. 88% of Google users liked the movie.
The two major stars are Stephen Collins and Leonardo DiCaprio. Are you a fan of either of them?
I would recommend "The Wolf of Wall Street" or "Titanic" for some related movies if you haven't seen them already. He starred in both.
Sure! He starred in both "A Woman Named Jackie" and "The Two Mrs. Grenvilles."
Sure. He starred in Welcome to Sarajevo, Waking Ned Devine, and The Way to name a few.
Welcome to Sarajevo is a film adapted drama, also starring Frank Dillane.
The Way is a comedy drama. It was released in 2011. Have you seen it?
Enjoy!
Law Abiding Citizen was written by Kurt Wimmer starring Roger Bart and Richard Portnow. Do you like these actors or the movie story line?
Law Abiding Citizen has genres Thriller, Psychological Thriller, drama, and crime fiction. Which genre do you like best?
Prisoner is a psychological thriller. Have you seen it?
Sure, sounds like you like Science Fiction genre
You might like Cloverfield it's produced by J.J. Abrams
Cloverfield is starring Michael Stahl-David, Enjoy the movie
Yes, she has a good voice! Some songs I really enjoy.
Yes, my favourite is What About Us and I like Try as well. What are your most liked songs of Pink?
Pappa Ratzi! I like this one so much. Thanks for this conversation!
He wrote several books. Have you read El juego del ángel?
It's in Spanish. Do you speak Spanish?
Not that I know of. It appears all his books are in Spanish.
She wrote The red tent
Yes Fiction genre
She wrote The bible prophecy genre
Welcome
Another mafia movie is Capone. Have you seen it?
How about The Godfather trilogy?
How about The French Connection?
Gene Hackman and Tony LoBianco.
You're welcome.
Yes, it is written by Natasha Preston and the movie, it was released 2012
Silence is Drama/ History
Have you see 12 Years A Slaves or The Yang Victoria?
In The Yang Victoria is Emily Blunt, and the first one is Chiwetel Ejiofor
You are welcome!
I believe she wrote the book Beautiful Darkness. Have you heard of it?
It's a romance novel.
If we're comparing it to The Looking Glass Wars, then I'd say yes, it can be within these genre too.
Don't mention it
Young Sherlock Holmes and Thunder and the House of Magic might be similar to that movie. They're both in fantasy genre. Do you like that kind of movie?
Of course. Have you seen Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban or Dungeons & Dragons: Wrath of the Dragon God? Those are excellent. Must say they are world famous.
Steven Elder, Lucy Gaskell, and Bruce Payne. They are very good actors.
You're welcome
You like the author, Sophie Kinsella?
She wrote Wedding Night in 2013.
I don't know, but she wrote Shopaholic and Baby. That's a comedy.
You're welcome!
Sure, Kristin Cashore wrote Graceling
Yes, it is. A similar one is Voyager
Voyager was written by Diana Gabaldon
You're welcome
No, I have not but she wrote A Tree In Brooklyn
It was written in 1943
Yes, it was
I am more of a fan of american football. Soccer doesn't hold my interest much. Who does Eden play for though?
Do you like any other sports?
I do like baseball but I am a big Red Sox fan! They recently won the World Series.
Packers! I am a diehard cheesehead. How about you?
Yes, he starred in Full Frontal and Logorama, and also directed some popular movies as well.
I have not, but it did win the Peabody Award and the MTV Video Music Award.
He directed Zodiac and The Game as well. You will likely enjoy them if you like his work.
Shackleton, an action adventure film also starring Kenneth Branagh is a good one.
Kevin McNally is as well.
It was released in 2001.
He is a novelist and a screen play writer.
He writes thrillers, drama, and Fantasy.
I recommend The Princess Bride and The Generals Daughter.
You're welcome, anything else?
Yes! She wrote many good books. The top three will be What Happened to Goodbye, This Lullaby, and The Truth About Forever. Have you read any of them?
I recommend you start with What Happened to Goodbye first and Lullaby last. What Happened to Goodbye came out in 2011 and it's still the top buying books.
No problem.
I agree! The Amazing Spider-Man 2 is starring Andrew Garfield, Emma Stone, and B.J. Novak.
I don't think so. They had an on-again off-again in 2012.
Yes, The Social Network is directed by David Fincher, also starring Justin Timberlake and Angus Wall.
You're very welcome!
Sure, he wrote Things Fall Apart its historical fiction and poetry. What is your interest?
Great, Wish You Well , What Looks Like Crazy on an Ordinary Day, Wintersmith & White Noise are also fiction based. Do you know any of these?
Casino Royal is a good choice. have you heard about True Believer and The Godfather Part II?
Im glad that I helped you.
I don't have any movies similar to pulp fiction but it's written by Quentin Tarantino who also wrote Djanago Unchained.
Yes Django Unchained is starring Jamie Foxx
No problem glad I could help :)
He wrote Tuesdays, The Magic Strings and The Five People you meet in Heaven to mention a few
Non fiction on the line of a memoir if you like those.
The One Minute Manager or The Gamble
As a Genre of Martial Arts, might I recommend Ninja Assassin.
Naomie Harris, Rain and Ben Miles are a few.
The Weeknd is great! I like his songs The Morning and Crew Love. Have you heard them?
Yes, that's a great song too. Have you heard The Zone, it is a great song too
House of Balloons is great too.
Are you referring to the suspense novel by John Grisham?
I can suggest some other Suspense books. You might be interested in The Cold Moon or The Brethren.
The Brethren is a 1995 novel by John Grisham.
I would suggest The Vanished Man, The Twelfth Card, and the Stone Monkey.
Sorry, I'm not entirely sure. Did you know it was released in 2003?
You're welcome.
Are you a Dr. Seuss fan?
Well he has lots of books. This time of year How the Grinch Stole Christmas is a great choice. Would you like some other titles too?
If you like those books, you might also enjoy Fox in Sox and Green Eggs and Ham. They are classics.
Enjoy your reading!
He is starred in begin Again
The Voice has genre Talent Show
Yes,I watch Talent show(U.S)
Of course! I would stay away from The Angry Birds Movie and Underdog. Those weren't good at all. But try X-Men: Days of Future Past. It's quite good!
That is one of the genres it is listed under. It is also fantasy and thriller. Do you like any of those genres?
If you like action, I also recommend Death Sentence. It is very action packed!
Yes, I do. It was written by William Shakespeare and released in 1603. Do you like Shakespeare?
Romeo and Juliet is another great play by Shakespeare. Do you think you would be interested in that?
A Midsummer Night's Dream is a fantasy written by Shakespeare. If you like Shakespeare and fantasy, this one is probably one that you'll enjoy.
No problem, I am glad I could help. Enjoy!
he is starred in bobby
I am not sure about it
I dont have information about it.Sorry
He produced Bobby
Great
Yes me too, He starred in Dreams with Sharp Teeth, and wrote Wizard and Glass.
Yes he did, Volume One, and Endless Nights. Do you like that kind of books?
Neil Gaiman and Barry Storey were his influences.
It is, but it is also considered Horror and Speculative fiction as well. I guess it is what circle you ask about it.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Her stars Scarlett Johansson. It's a Sci-Fi movie from 2013 directed by Spike Jonze. He also directed Being John Malkovich. Are you a fan of his movies, or of movies with Scarlett Johansson?
Sure! She also starred in the films We Bought a Zoo, and The Prestige. Have you seen those?
The Prestige is a ScipFi movie from Christopher Nolan. She's also in Under the Skin, The Man Who Wasn't There, and The Avengers.
Under the Skin also features Paul Brannigan and Alison Chand. It was directed by Jonathan Glazer.
It was released in 2013. I'll add it to your queue, so you can watch it whenever you like.
You too!
Yes, it is an action thriller directed by Quentin Tarantino. It stars Vivica A. Fox. Do you like the actor or genre?
Pulp Fiction is another famous movie of Uma Thruman, have you seen it?
Yes, him and Samuel Jackson too starred in it
Yeah I think they are OK team, it an NFL team owned by Bud Adams.
He was instrumental in the founding and establishment of the former American Football League. He passed away recently sadly.
Yes, he was legendary!
Sure, Robert Duvall starred in The Apostle with Farrah Fawcett and Broken Trail with Valerie Tian.
He did, it was an Indie film and Billy Bob Thornton also starred in it with him.
Absolutely, You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger and What the #$*! Do We Know!? are both Indie films.
Christina Perri : Composer: A Thousand Years. do you likeher?
no i didint. : Wayman Tisdale is a good guitarist do you know him?
Wilt Chamberlain is a great basketball player are you a fan?
nice Kevin Durant is also an award winner. do you like him?
I think he is an extremely talented singer, dancer and songwriter. Do you know any of his songs?
I used to like N'SYNC when I was younger but the most recent song I've actually enjoyed was "Rock Your Body."
Looking back there were definitely better listening options at the time haha.
Yes, there is a movie of the same name that stars Orlando Bloom. Do you like his acting?
I don't have any information about Sean Bean. But The Fellowship of the Ring also starred Billy Boyd and Christopher Lee.
No, but you might enjoy The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey.
The Battle of Labyrinth is actually part of a series. The Titan's Curse is the next book.
Do you like Greek Mythology?
Rick Riordan also wrote Percy Jackson's Greek Gods. You might like that!
You're welcome. Have a great day!
He directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you heard of it?
It's the only movie of his I've seen. But, I love Animation. Do you like Animation too?
It was a Satire, and I may watch it again tonight.
Enjoy!
She wrote Wicked and White Hot Kiss among others.
Yes, Wicked is an English language play in the Musical theatre genre.
Yes, Wicked was also written by Winnie Holzman and Sara Shepard.
You're welcome.
She starred in Braveheart which is a historical drama. Did you see that one?
Mel Gibson and Patrick McGoohan are in it. It's a story about William Wallace, the Scottish warrior.
It came out in 1995 and was also directed by Mel Gibson.
You're welcome.
I did enjoy The Bone Clocks by David Mitchell. Are you familiar with it?
About the author or The Bone Clocks?
It won the World Fantasy Award. You should try it, I think you would like it.
No problem, I am glad that I could help. Enjoy!
Sure James Gunn directed Super and Slither. Have you seen those movies?
Zachh Gifford starred in Super, but Im not sure who starred in Slither.
Zach starred in The Purge: Anarchy and The Last Winter. Should I add them to your movie list?
Great, I have added them. Hope you enjoy!
Yes, I have a couple. He wrote The Tragedie of Antony and Cleopatra, Paul Werstine wrote, and The Cronicle History of Henry the fift.
Yes, you are right. This story has genre fantasy and drama. Do you like these genres?
That one was also written by William Shakespeare.
No I am hearing this first time, which genre the movie is?
I like science/fiction movies but this doesn't seem interesting, can you suggest any other movie?
Oh I loved The Martian, its really interesting, do you know any other?
Awesome, I have seen both Gravity and Inception will check about Interstellar, thanks for the info
Sure
His last album was The Thrill of It and he released it in 2017.
From what I understand he released a few songs, Pray, Baby you make me crazy and One Last Song. I am not a fan of his.
No, not a fan of the pop genre. I am a hard rock fan.
Aerosmith and Metallica. How about you?
Words in nature
It was released in 1971.
not sure
I know that he starred in UFC 94 and is a mixed martial arts athlete.
Speaking of Brazilian jiu-jitsu, have you heard of Miesha Tate? She's an amazing athlete.
Yep! She was born in the United States.
He's a very intellectual writer. He wrote the famous book A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
You might enjoy Alien Planet., Stephen Hawking made a TV regular appearance on it.
It stars George Lucas, do you enjoy his acting?
I'm ecstatic that you are pleased, and hope you enjoy it!
Yes he's a great musician and pianist. He actually plays a lot of instruments
Frances Mayes also wrote Bella Tuscany: The Sweet Life In Italy and Under Magnolia: A Southern Memoir.
Do you mean Bella Tuscany or Under Magnolia?
Bella Tuscany: The Sweet Life in Italy was published in 1999.
Sure! Brad Garrett starred in Underdog and The Pacifier. Have you seen those?
I'm sorry, I unfortunately don't have any information on that one.
Sure! Underdog stars Peter Dinklage from Game of Thrones and is Action/Adventure.
You're welcome! Enjoy.
Seu Jorge starred in the City of God. He also starred in The Escapist.
Steven Mackintosh and Dominic Cooper also star in The Escapist.
I don't know of any other movies he stars in besides The Escapist.
Yes, I would recommend "Thirteen reasons why". It is a compelling story especially for teens.
Sure. The White Stag by Kate Seredy may be a good match for you.
Have you read "The Dead and the Gone"? The Dead and the Gone is a young adult science fiction dystopian novel by Susan Beth Pfeffer.
Dead and Gone was released in hardcover in May 2008.
Awesome! I hope you enjoy it.
Cassandra Clare wrote that one.
She did, it was released in 2011.
Moon Over Soho and You Are Not So Smart to name a few.
No problem.
Sure. I'm happy to help. It is a book full of suspense. Is that the type of thing that interests you?
There is a book called Without Fail. It is quite the thriller. Have you read it yet?
Sure. There is The Cold Moon, The Eight, and The Broker. You are sure to enjoy one of those. They are all suspenseful thrillers.
You're welcome!
Tipping the Velvet is similar to that book.
That's a good one. Did you know that it's based on a book by Kathryn Stockett.
Yes! He was also in What's Your Number? and The Texas Chainsaw Massacre.
It's a romantic comedy. Chris Evans is also in that movie.
I'm always glad to help.
Yes, there is one that comes up called The Ghost and the Darkness.
That one is in the Thriller genre.
Correct, Val Kilmer starred in this movie.
My pleasure, goodbye.
He directed Snow White and the Huntsman, have you watch them?
Yes, she starred in The Hundsman
They wrote The Princess and the Frog, Red Riding Hood and Rapunzel as well. Have you watch them?
You are welcome!
It's a romance novel written by Rick Riordan. Do you like young adult fiction like that one?
Well if you liked that one, I'd definitely suggest checking out The Throne of Fire and The Sword of Summer.
You're welcome. I'll add those to your reading list.
I think a lot of his songs sound the same, but I do have them on a few of my playlists. Did you know The Weeknd is friends with Selena Gomez? I like her music!
Yes! Did you know Zach Galifianakis is also in that movie?
Hmm, I'm trying to remember which one that is. Does it also have Rob Corddry and Queen Latifah?
She's okay, did you know she acts too and was in movies like Men in Black 3 and Machete Kills?
Yes, he's great have you seen Seven pounds with Rosario Dawson? Also, a good movie hes in
Yes, and Wood Harrelson who was also in Zombieland.
Sure, he wrote Romance and Drama, which genre do you prefer?
Nice. Then you'll like You've Got Mail and Yes Man.
You can watch When Harry Met Sally, that is a nice movie. One more is Win a Date with Tad Hamilton!
Sure, I show Evan Goldberg wrote This is the End which starred Emma Watson, have you seen that?
I do as well, I show that Martin Starr and Jason Trost were in the movie as well, do you like fantasy and comedy?
Yes it does I think you'll like it, Pineapple Express is also written by Evan Goldberg you might like that as well.
You're welcome enjoy.
John G. Avildsen directed The Karate Kid and Rocky starring Sylvester Stallone. He is a writer among many other titles.
Yes it is. The Last Dragon is another good one, as well as The Green Hornet, which is one of my favorites
The film stars Taimak and Keshia Knight Pulliam
She is. That was a great show. Is she an actress you like to see in television or film?
You are most welcome
Sure similar to that, one is Child of the Prophecy and other is The Queen of Attolia
Oh these are the books not movie similar to Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
There is one Lord of the ring which i liked
Lord of the ring have three part in the movie
Its directed by David Yates
Thanks, Hope you enjoy it
Do you like The Clan of the Cave Bear because it was written by Jean M. Auel, or because it is Speculative Fiction/Historical?
If you like her work, she also wrote The Valley of Horses, The Shelters of Stone, The Plains of Passage. Would you like to hear more about those?
The Shelters of Stone is Speculative fiction as well, it is also listed as Fantasy. Do you like those genres?
That's a great one written by John Scalzi!
Happy to help!
Sure, he starred in Unforgivable Blackness and Underworld: Evolution
It does sound good! Samuel L. Jackson, Keith David, Allan Rickman and Adam Arkin starred.
Yes, he does. Joe also starred in Trouble in Mind a crime fiction.
Yes, and Genevieve Bujold also Divine. Is ther anything else I can help you with today?
Yes, he is an athlete. He's known for his Right-are leg spin. Do you like cricket?
Yes I like cricket. He's on the India National Cricket team. A similar athlete would be Zlatan Ibrahimovi. He is a Swedish footballer.
I do like Tiger Woods. Did you know he won the 2006 Open Championship (British Open) and the 2006 PGA Championship? He's also sponsored by Nike.
He's an excellent golfer isn't he? He also has a way with the ladies, doesn't he?
He plays basketball, right? Is he still with Seattle?
I don't either. But Space Jam was a fun movie. I really enjoy Bill Murray movies. He was great in Ghostbusters!.
I didn't see the second one yet. The reviews weren't all that good.
I think so as well. Did you know that John Fox is their coach?
The Lightning Theif is also written by Rick Riordan.
The Lightning Theif is young adult fiction
Sure. The Bergdorf Blondes and 17 Again are fantasy books.
I enjoy him too! This Side of Paradise was written by him and a great book!
I'm sorry I don't have access to that information. Would you like to know something elseF. Scott Fitzgerald wrote?
He wrote the hit book The Great Gatsby, it is a must read book!
You'r welcome! If you'r in the market for anything else by him, I would suggest also reading The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
Michael Crichton has written so many. He's written many that have gone to movies, where others have written the screen play. Are you still looking for similar writers or books Crichton has written?
Ok, Dean Koontz, Robin Cook, Isaac Asimov are considered similar writers. Do any of them interest you?
Robin Cook has written several books turned movie like Coma, Virus, Invasion. He writes about medicine and topics affecting public health. Do any of those sound interesting?
You're most welcome. I hope you enjoy. Have a great day.
If he enjoyed Ratatouille he might like The Incredibles.
He sure does And he does a great job. It is very different for him doing a Disney movie after his work in Vanilla Sky.
It is a great movie. If you like it you should also check out Incredibles 2
I recommend the book called David Copperfield
Yes, it is a biography
He also write the book called Going Astray
Have you heard of The A Team, I think you'll like this one
Yeah, he composed it. What of Justin Bieber? He's my personal favorite as of right now
Never Say Never, is very inspirational to me
It was written by Kurt Vonnegut. It is science fiction and is, in my opinion a classic.
A few books in the same genre are Wake, The Thief of Always, The Sweet Far Thing, and The Neutronium Alchemist.
It was written by Clive Barker and was originally published in 1992.
He also wrote Abarat, The Great and Secret Show, and Imajica.
You're welcome. Enjoy your book.
Yes, I like it a lot. Do you enjoy the movie because it is fantasy or adventure?
What do you think of Orlando Bloom as an elf?
If you liked him in that role you might also like him in the Three Musketeers since there is a lot of sword fighting.
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes is written by Arthur Conan Doyle. Would you like books written by him or books in same genre as Sherlock Holmes?
Next in series is The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes. The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes is also written by Arthur Conan Doyle. Have you had the chance to read that?
The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes has a genre of Detective fiction
I believe its considered a short story just like he Adventures of Sherlock Holmes.
The Girl on the Train was a docudrama. Another good docudrama is The Perfect Game.
J. Sterling wrote The Perfect Game. It was filmed in Mexico.
Under the Volcano is a historical period drama about Mexico.
I love his music. But, some people are saying he is an African American. I'm African American, and I don't see it.
I love lenny Kravitz's music, and I heard Zoe is an artist now. But, I havent seen, or heard her work yet.
I'm not familar with Zooey Deschanel, but I will search her on the internet now, and view her body of work.
David O. Russell wrote Three Kings which is a drama, have you seen it?
Yes, Three Kings stars Nora Dunn and Spike Jonze
Zoolander and Zombieland are also funny movies, have you seen either of those?
Enjoy!
Where the Heart Is is an amazing Drama by Billie Letts, which is also a film
Yes. Christopher Bigsby did write The Crucible. He also wrote All My Sons, which you may like as well
Yes it is.
Absolutely!!! The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is a drama. What to Expect When You're Expecting is also a drama
My pleasure. Please let me know if there is anything else I can do
Yes, he starred in The Wrestler and The Thomas Crown Affair.
Yes, it is. Are you interested in this type of movie?
In addition to the Wrestler, she also starred in My Cousin Vinny. She won an Oscar for that role.
It's very good. It was written by Robert D Siegel and it fits sport, drama and romance genre.
You're welcome!
I would be happy to! David Yates is a well-known and credited director with such films as The Legend of Tarzan and Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. Are you familiar with those?
He also directed others of the Harry Potter series, including the Half-Blood Prince and the Deathly Hollows. Are you a Harry Potter fan?
If you like adventure, I would recommend The Time Machine. That one is directed by Simon Wells.
Joseph Heller wrote the Historical fiction piece Catch-22.
The King's S[pee
Yes, The King's Speech is popular. You might also be interested in Follow the River.
He is best known for acting in Deadpool. Have you seen that movie ?
It also has Ryan Reynolds an Ed Skrein it was released in 2016.
He has superhuman strength! And it is a comedy, definitely worth the watch.
Similar books include the Harry Potter series, and you can find them online
I recommend The Goblet of Fire
Sure. She wrote We Were Liars and The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks. Have you read either of those yet?
Yes it was
No problem
Sure, Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Great! Then you might like Reign of Fire have you seen this one yet?
Sure, Another good one is World War Z, have you seen it?
World War Z stars Peter Capaldi and Mireille Enos.
Sure, Have you seen the Harry Potter movies?
I like one of his songs called I Don't Want This Night to End.
I like one of his songs called I Don't Want This Night to End.
He is a popular country artist, have you heard of his song Country Girl (Shake It for Me)?
Do you like the drama genre?
I was just going to recommend that to you! Are you a fan of Emily Watson?
Another drama that you might enjoy that she also starred in is Angela's Ashes. Have you seen it?
No problem. I am glad to help. I think you will enjoy it!
Yes she is an author that wrote Find Me Guilty
Crime is bad is another book
Fiction action
Do you like because is written by Kiera Cass or because it is a Young -adult Fiction?
Have ypu read The Prince and THe guard? It is a Non-fiction and it was released in 2014
Anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome. Enjoy the books
Sure, Waking Life is starring Nicky Katt.
No, but Before Sunset has genre Romance
Yes. You more than welcome.
Yes, Rich Moore wrote and directed Wreck It Ralph. Have you seen the movie?
John Green wrote the book, The Fault in Our Stars.
He wrote the book, Looking for Alaska.
I would highly recommend, Paper Towns, as well.
Awesome!
That is a fantastic movie! It was directed by Gus Van Sant. Do you like Indie films?
He directed Restless, which is also a drama. He also directed My Own Private Idaho with Keanu Reeves, which is one of my personal favorites.
Yes, they were both in that. I miss River Phoenix. Do you like his movies?
Stand by Me was his best film ever. It's a classic.
David Sedaris wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames and SantaLand Diaries. Are you a fan of his work?
He was influenced Flannery O'Connor and Dorothy Parker
His writings are mostly humor. He also wrote Naked and Me Talk Pretty One Day. Both were released in 2008.
We Were Liars was released in 2014 and was written by E. Lockhart. She also wrote The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks. Have you heard of it?
Sure, she also wrote a book titled "The Boyfriend List: 15 Guys, 11 Shrink Appointments, 4 Ceramic Frogs and Me, Ruby Oliver", which is a hilariously long title.
I'm afraid I don't. I know the author was born in New York City. I can't find any more info about her works.
Of course! Have a great day!
He is the author of his famous historical novel Thirteen Moons and Cold Mountain.
They are historical. If you like this genre, I would recommend A Tale of Two Cities.
Hablot Knight Browne and Charles Dickens.
Sure, enjoy your reading!
They do seem very popular. I haven't really heard any of their songs but I do know they are a K-pop group. Do you like boy bands?
Me neither. Do you like dance music?
I don't have any on the actor, but I do on the author/writer if you'd like to hear more.
Island of the Blue Dolphins is a popular fiction book he wrote in 1960. Also, the Black Pearl and Sing Down the Moon.
Oscar et la dame rose is a piece of work he wrote.
An athlete of table tennis .
Yes he did but he didn't do the singles
.You are welcome
B.M. Mooyaart-Doubleday is an author who wrote Het Achterhuis: Dagboekbrieven
Het Achterhuis: Dagboekbrieven was written in German and it was an autobiography! It was released in 1944.
My data shows me that Eleanor Roosevelt interestingly released a book by the same title.
Glad to be able to help!
I do too. Robert DeNiro stars in it.
Casino would be worth watching.
Will there be anything else?
Robert De Niro starred in that as well.
That is correct.
You're quite welcome.
Since 12 Angry men is a drama, What Lies Beneath may also be a similar movie since it is a drama too.
Wendy Crewson, Miranda Otto, and Joe Morton are a few of the starring actors in What Lies Beneath.
I'm not sure when the movie was released, but did you know that Sarah Kernochan wrote the movie?
Great, I hope you have fun watching it. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
I know very little about them. I do know they are owned by Wyc Grousbeck.
To be honest I am not a really a sports fan, but I will watch it. I just don't have a favorite team. Do you like watching basketball?
Yes I do. I like the Lakers as well. Who is your favorite basketball player? I am always going to like Micheal Jordan!
Yes, he's great as well!
Yes I think he is great he was born in London
Yes and Jason is in Wild Card a good upcoming movie
Yes and Simon was in the Mechanic another good movie
Sure, Natalie Babbitt wrote Tuck Everlasting.
It is appropriate for kids age 12 and above.
Sure, this is a romance, do you want to read it?
You are welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure! Do you likemovies produced by Mark Gordon?
Roland Emmerich wrote Independence Day and 2012
you are right. He starred in Flags of Our Fathers, you should watch it.
Enjoy the movies!!
Basher Savage starred in the sci- fi thriller Gravity, directed by Alfonso Cuarón.
Gravity was released in 2013
Gravity was released in 2013
Zombieland and X-Men: Apocalypse, or any X- men movies are really good. Also the Underworld series are great
you are most welcome. Please enjoy and let me know if I can help with anything else
I didn't realize they moved. Weren't they in Los Angeles once? Who is their owner now?
Have they made it to the Super Bowl? I think their most recent owner was Mark Davis.
Good question. But I guess they were always the Raiders, right?
Sure, The Prestige is a science fiction book adaptation written by Christopher Nolan
Yes it is a film, some of the stars are Rebecca Hall and Scarlett Johansson
Good question, she starred in such films as The Town and Iron Man 3
You're very welcome, enjoy the films!
Yes, it is a satire written by Joseph Heller.
It is a war novel. It was released in 1961.
William Faulkner wrote a book entitled A Rose for Emily that would be similar.
You're welcome.
Sure. Cast wrote Tempted and Revealed. She typically writes romance novels.
Tempted has 4 out of 5 on Goodreads. It is actually the 6th novel in a series and was released in 2009.
You are very welcome!
That is an excellent novel. If you like that book you would love The Power of One.
It is similar as they are both novels.
Yes Zadie Smith is an essayist who also wrote On Beauty.
Happy to help
I think I can be of service. He actually was the director of Toy Story 2 and Cars 2.
Cars 2 is a great choice for family entertainment and it was released back in 2011.
Unfortunately, I don't know but I can tell you Peter Jacobson is the star in White House Down.
I hope you like it. You're very welcome.
I am not a big fan of his, but I really do like his wife Hayden Panettire. Have you heard of her before/
You may know her from the movie Remember the Titans. It's a football movie starring Denzel Washington and Ryan Gosling to name a couple.
Yes it is a very good movie! Hayden Panettire also plays in Scream 4 as well if you like thrillers/horror.
They play in the AFC specially the AFC West and their mascot is called Miles. Do you like the NFL?
How ridiculous was Alex Smith's leg break?
33 years to the day of Theismann's career ending break with the same score and Theismann in attendance. What are the chances!
The Long War written by Terry Pratchett I hear is really good too. I recommend it.
Yes that is true, the Speculative Fiction book Wyrd Sisters was written by Terry Pratchett, he has many good books I recommend him as a top reader.
Wolf Brother is highly recommended and it is written by Michelle Paver another good read.
I think he is in DC team
He is 6'9 pretty tall, right?
I think so , if I am not mistaken .
Your are welcome
He was awesome in The Silence of the Lambs as Hannibal Lector's nemesis Dr. Frederick Chilton. Have you seen the film?
Ted Tally has written so many things that it's hard to pick out just a few. Other than Lambs, he also wrote The Juror, starring Matthew Cowles and Anne Heche. Are you a fan of these types of films?
It is a suspense/psychological thriller. You should watch it sometime. You won't be disappointed!
Glad to be of assistance.
Revenge of the Fallen is starring Kevin Dunn.
Yes , she was in revenge .
Sure , you can watch other sci -fi movies like Avengers- The infinity war, thor ragnarok,
Doesn't he play point guard?
I used to be a Bulls fan in the 90s. Do you know Scottie Pippen and Michael Jordan?
Yes, they were. They won a lot of championships. I met Pippen when I worked at Radio Shack. He's a nice guy.
Spells is another great romance novel
No, but if you love series you might like: Where Rainbows End
Where Rainbows End is written by Aprilynne Pike and Kristin Cast, they also wrote the series Destined.
You are welcome. Do you need more young-adult fiction recommendations?
you are welcome!
I know he golfs but I don't follow Golf very closely. I know Phil Mickelson and Tiger Woods had some kind of Pay Per View match recently. Do you watch golf?
Yeah I do know he had a pretty big comeback after being in a funk for a long time. Maybe I'll watch some more now that he's playing. Do you watch any other sports?
Yes I watched it a few times, when I was young. I was recently thinking about the scene with Bob Baker actually.
They are okay I don't follow football all that much although I know this is the season!
I'm pretty sure the Dolphins won against the Bills this past weekend
The Bills fell to the Dolphins 21-17. It was a close game until the end
Yes, he wrote Rayuela, El otoo del patriarca and Cien aos de soledad. Have you read any of those?
I am sorry, I cannot provide information on that.
No problem, I am sorry I could not be of more help.
Her music is similar to Taylor Swift I think. Do you know her music?
I didn't! What can you tell me about that movie?
Oh! I loved her in the romantic comedy Valentine's Day. Did you see that one?
Looking for Alaska was Written by John Green. WOuld you like to know more?
It is Young Adult Fiction novel published in 2005. Does this interest you?
The Fault in Our Stars is another Young Adult Fiction written by John Green.
Happy to help.
He wrote Utterly Cold Blooded and Breakfast at Tiffany's. He also stared in my favorite movie; Murder by Death.
I think he wrote it. The film come out in 1967. It was kinda popular back then. Have you seen the movie?
You should check it out sometimes.
Sure! Do you like family films. He was in Tangled.
I'm not sure who else was in it but Alan Menken did the music.
Yes. I love Toy Story! Have you seen it?
Yes. Many! The biggest name in the movie has got to be Tom Hanks!
Yes, Rita Wilson was in that one! It was a great Romantic Comedy.
Enjoy your movies!
Yes, it is a Sci-Fi movie directed by Steven Spielberg and starring Robin Williams. Do you like Sci-Fi or movies by Spielberg ?
Have you seen E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial and Close Encounters of the Third Kind?
E.T. in 1982 and Close Encounters in 1977
It's a wonderful movie. It starred Russell Crowe and Ron Howard.
Have you seen Virtuosity? He was in that one. It's a Science Fiction Film
Have you seen The Insider? It's a Thriller.
Enjoy!
Sure! There are a few actors in this movie.. Al Pacino, Bridget Fonda and Joe Mantegna.
He's an incredible actor, that's for sure! Joe Mantegna is the director of this film.
Yes he is. He's also starred in many other movies as well.
Of course! Joe Mantegna has starred in Witless Protections, Things Change and Eye for an Eye.
I don't have any information about who directed it, but it is a Crime film.
There is another movie with the crime genre that is The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. That's a good one!
The stars in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is Robin Wright and Tony Way.
You're welcome and you as well!
Yes I know Anne-Marie she is very cool, isn't she
She is a singer and she has a few albums
One of her best albums is called "Just run" came out in 2015
My ex used to listen to their music when he would work out. Yes, I'm familiar with them.
They're OK, but they're a little "loud" for my taste.
I'm more into pop, alternative and folk music.
Craig T. Nelson starred in The Incredibles. Have you seen it?
Peter Sohn and Mark Andrews also starred in The Incredibles.
Craig T. Nelson also starred in The Family Stone, The Devil's Advocate, and The Company Men among many others.
Yes, Tyrone was also part of the cast in The Family Stone. He's also in A Lot like Love, The Next Three Days, and Untraceable.
I love Diane Keaton! She starred in The First Wives Club, The Good Mother, Manhattan Murder Mystery and many others.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, The Journals of Sylvia Plath, The Collected Poems, and The Bell Jar were all written by Sylvia Plath.
I do, would you like me to send it to you?
I don't have that one, but I can send you the link to get it. Here is the link and The Journals of Sylvia Plath.
Interestingly enough, it's "Say, Say, Say," a duet with Paul McCartney. Billie Jean is number two.
It's a great song and tells a story, so yes, it's a ballad. My favorite Michael Jackson song is actually Will You Be There, which was in the movie Free Willy.
Yes, it's about freeing an orca that has spent his life in captivity.
I don't have that information but I can tell that Tim Miller directed Deadpool, where Ryan Reynold is the major star.
It's an action movie. You should check it out, also if you like comedy I would recommend Zoolander.
I believe Ben Stiller, I'm not sure. He directed Tropic Thunder. Have you seen it?
You are most welcome!
Perfect classic book! He wrote Il Principe, which was released in 1513. Do you want to read it?
It's history and politics. If you like Niccolo Machiavelli , you would definetely enjoy it.
What history period would you enjoy the most: ancient or more contemproray?
Excellent period. Would you like Ancient History of Britain? or Italy? or maybe Greece?
Sure! He wrote Marina, La sombra del viento, and El principe de la niebla.
It was released in 1999.
It is written in Spanish.
Alice Walker wrote The Color Purple, one of the best books ever written if you ask me
It was written in 192 and became a film in 1985
No, sorry, The genre is fiction and drama
Memento is a 2000 American neo-noir psychological thriller film written and directed by Christopher Nolan, and produced by Suzanne and Jennifer Todd
Guy Pearce, Carrie-Anne Moss ,Joe Pantoliano among others
You are welcome. Enjoy and have a nice day !
Isn't he a professional French footballer? I have heard he's pretty good but I've never actually seen him play. Have you?
I have heard him described as strong and powerful, and a potent finisher from inside the box.
I heard they are really good. Maybe I'll catch their game the next time they're on!
Round Ireland with a Fridge is a book in the English language, have you heard of it?
Irving has written both The Cider House Rules, and According to Garp.
It has many genres listed for it, including Tragicomedy, Coming of Age, and Comedy-Drama.
It was released in 1978.
I sure hope you enjoy it.
Yes. He directed and produced, Set it Off. That starred Jada Pinkett Smith and Vivica A. Fox. Are you a fan?
That also stars Claire Danes. It is a War film. Treasure Planet is another animation film you may like.
Sure! It is the Science-Fiction rendering of the classic novel, "Treasure Island". Does it sound like something you would like?
I will be sure to do that! Did you need any other recommendations?
Have you see The Fight Club with Brat Pit, he is starring in Ocean's Thirteen?
Sure, A depressed man (Edward Norton) suffering from insomnia meets a strange soap salesman named Tyler Durden (Brad Pitt) and soon finds himself living in his squalid house after his perfect apartment is destroyed.
Sure, comedy with him or with another actor?
Sure, Have you see Game Night?
You are welcome!
Yes! The Theory of Everything stars Emily Watson and Simon McBurney. It is a Romantic film. Do you like these types of movies?
You might like Jane Eyre. It also stars Simon McBurney. Would you like to hear more?
Yes it is. It also stars Sally Hawkins and Michael Fassbender.
Harbhajan Singh is an athlete who plays Cricket. Do you like that sport, I don;'t know much about it.
Yeah they play it a lot in India and England. Did you know he was born in India?
Yeah in Muradnagar
Yes, they won National Basketball Association Awards - Larry O'Brien Championship Trophy. Kobe Bryant is a great player, he played his entire 20-year career with the Los Angeles Lakers
He did coach Lakers, Brown is currently the associate head coach for the Golden State Warriors
I sure do. That was written by Louis Sachar. Are you familiar with him?
He also wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and There's a Boy in the Girls' Bathroom.
Awesome, I hope you enjoy!
Yes he plays for the Golden State Warriors who is a NBA player. Do you like him?
10 years. Do you like basketball movies? I have a couple I can suggest.
Space Jam and Hoosiers are considered basketball movie classics. Have you seen these?
Nice have good time watching them.
Ethan Suplee is an American film and television actor best known for his roles as Seth Ryan in American History X, Louie Lastik in Remember the Titans, Frankie in Boy Meets World, Randy Hickey in My Name Is Earl, Toby in The Wolf of Wall Street, Elwood in Without a Paddle, and his roles in Kevin Smith films.
I am sorry I don't have any information on Vulgar?
I know so much about Kevin Smith, are you interested learning about him?
Kevin Smith starred in Clerks. He is an American filmmaker, actor, comedian, comic book writer, author, and podcaster. He came to prominence with the low-budget comedy film Clerks, which he wrote, directed, co-produced, and acted in as the character Silent Bob of stoner duo Jay and Silent Bob.
you are welcome, have a good day
I guess its a football or soccer team, if you will.
Not really. When I think of soccer it reminds me of this cool movie I saw called Bend It Like Beckham. It was a good movie. Kiera Knightly was in it.
I have heard of that, it was written by Terry Goodkind and falls into a Speculative fiction/fantasy genre. Do you enjoy books by Terry Goodkind?
A few of his top ones are Confessor, Temple of Winds, Soul of the Fire and Chainfire. His books have been published since 1994.
That one does fall into the Fantasy genre.
Hello, yes it was written by George Orwell and was released in 1949.
It is a political fiction and did you know George Orwell also wrote HOmage to Catalonia?
He wrote Burmese Days
Yes he does have a novel Down and Out in Paris and London and it is non-fiction.
I would also recommend The Shadow of the Torturer
I am sorry it was written by Gene Wolfe but influenced by George Orwell. it is a science fantasy novel.
Can I help you with any other of his books today?
THank you
I know of Cam Newton, but I don't know much about him. I know he plays football.
Wes Welker is with the Patriots, right? Are you a Patriots fan?
I heard he's a placekicker. Was he on a different team before the Patriots?
Yes, he's a good boxer.
I can't think of that on the top of my head. Do you know he appeared on Dancig with Stars.
No, actually did not know that! Great information. That's so cool his dad is his trainer! I do know that he is from Grand Rapids!
Have you read Star Maker or The City and The Stars?
It is written by Arthur C. Clarke, it is actually a great book, you should read it
It is Science Fiction
Of course, but first I need to know if you like Romance or Fantasy?
You could watch Eclipse from the series Twilight is a part of or you might like Youth in Revolt.
It was written by C.D. Payne and starred Steve Buscemi and Fred Willard.
It is a very interesting movie, I hope you enjoy it.
Sure. He starred in The Other Boleyn Girl and The Amazing Spider-Man. Are either of those films of interest?
Of course. There are two of them and Emma Stone stars in it as well. Directed by Marc Webb.
I know she was nominated for one and has won 31 awards all together thus far.
That was written by Dale Carnegie. I don't see any booms listed. However, it's a Self-help book.
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People is popular. That was written by Stephen R. Covey.
No, but I found How to Stop Worrying and Start Living by Dale Carnegie.
You are most welcome! Take care!
Do you like Jack Reacher?
Of course, Jack Reacher is a thriller starring Tom Cruise. Do you like Tom Cruise?
Of course, Shark Night, it stars Joshua Leonard, and State of the Union, have you seen those?
Katherine McPhee starred in Shark Night 3D along with Kyla Pratt.
Yes, he is a Musician and artist with Interscope Records.
Yes, Ziggy Marley plays reggae music. Would you like me to play some of his songs?
Playing True to Self by Ziggy Marley.
Do you like the genre, the author or some of the starring?
Have you watch Toy Story 3?
You are welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure. It was directed by David Fincher and he had many good ones. Have you seen the Girl with the Dragon Tattoo? You'd like it if you like thrillers.
Then I think you'd really enjoy Zodiac about a real serial killer in San Francisco.
Robert Downey Jr and Jake Gyllenhaal starred in it.
I hope you enjoy watching it.
It was written by Paula McLain, and has a Ficiton genre, and was released in 2011.
Yes, and if you do get a chance to read it, you should also check out Ciricling the Sun by Paula McLain as well.
It was released in 2015.
Yes that's correct it's in English.
I like her as well. I think she is a great singer. DO you know many of her songs?
I am a fan of the songs Miss Independent and Behind These Hazel Eyes.
I don't know about that but I do know that Kelly Clarkson and Clay Aiken were both an American Idol.
Unfortunately I get wrapped up in them easily. Thanks for the conversation!
If you enjoy Fantasy/Adventure books, you might like this story.
It's written by Cassandra Clare and it part of a series called The Mortal Instruments. It has something to do with vampires.
Another book in her series is City of Lost Souls, also adventure genre.
You're welcome. I hope you like them.
He directed the movie Hotel Rwanda.
It is a history movie, similar to The Other Boleyn Girl.
The Other Boleyn Girl, she has been in quite a few movies including The Man Who Wasn't There and The Jungle Book.
It is a history movie.
Tell No One is a movie similar to The Other Boleyn Girl.
Scarlett Johansen is in that movie.
Sure. Franz Kafka wrote many books, including The Castle, Amerika, and Die Verwandlung. Do those sound good?
The Castle was also written by Max Brod, and was released in 2003. Brod was born in Prague and is a Journalist.
Amerika was published in 1927, and is also known as "The Man Who Disappeared."
You're welcome!
I am not sure about that information. But Steven Spielberg directed Catch Me If You Can. It starred Tom Hanks and Nathalie Baye. Do you want to hear more Spielberg films?
Jennifer Garner was there too. Steven Spielberg not only directed the film but also produced it.
I know she wrote the girl on the train which was a great book
It did yes, and it has a genre of World cinema
You're welcome.
Sure! Kiera Cass has written; The Siren, The Selection, and The Queen. Are you familiar with her work?
It seems that she mostly writes young-adult fiction and fantasy. Do you like those genres?
Yes! I think she would love Kiera Cass' books.
Sometimes people call it Frankenstein, and it was written by Percy Bysshe Shelley.
Robert De Niro stars in it, along with Frank Darabont.
I'm not sure. But, speaking of the Focker series, I loved Jessica Alba in Little Fockers
Those are the only two movies I saw with Jessica Alba. But, I loved Jessica Biel in Valentines Day. That was a great movie.
I know that Paper Towns is written by John Green and that it's in the young-adult fiction genre. I haven't seen the movie but it stars Cara Delevingne
I have. I've read and seen The Fault in Our Stars.
Yes he is a point guard in basketball
I know Tony Parker was a pointguard in basketball. I did not know that was a position in football learn something new everyday
I don't follow either sport I know that athletes by their sneakers
Sure The Scorch Trials is a 2010 young adult post-apocalyptic dystopian science fiction novel written by American author James Dashner and the second book, fourth chronologically, in The Maze Runner series. The novel was published on 18 September 2010 by Delacorte Press. It is preceded by The Maze Runner, and followed by The Death Cure. A film adaptation was released on 18 September 2015 by 20th Century Fox.
Way Station is a 1963 science fiction novel by American writer Clifford D. Simak, originally published as Here Gather the Stars in two parts in Galaxy Magazine in June and August 1963. Way Station won the 1964 Hugo Award for Best Novel.
Yes I love Wall E!
X-men is Sci-Fi. Rise of the Planet of the Apes is Sci-Fi. Do you like Sci-Fi?
I have no information on that. Some examples of Sci-Fi are Volcano, and Virtuosity.
Volcano stars Don Cheadle, and Gaby Hoffmann, also starring in 200 Cigarettes.
I have not seen it. Do you know about the movie?
I'm not sure they starred in it but their music may have been part of the score for the film.
Ewan Mcgregor played the lead role of Christian in the film
Thank you.
He is a soccer player for Real Madrid C.F.. Are you a fan?
I love soccer! How about you?
I love american football. Do you?
Nice. What is your favorite team?
Sweet. Mine is the steelers. Do you think they will be in the superbowl?
Good luck. That is all for today.
Alan Rickman is an actor and one of his movie was The Wildest Dream with Liam Neeson
Are you a fan of Oliver Stone? Is that why you like it?
You might want to watch Natural Born Killers. That's a thriller but also written by Oliver Stone!
Yes, Tommy Lee Jones also is in that movie!
Enjoy it!
He was a Presbyterian and directed Little Miss Sunshine. Have you seen it?
Yes, Steve Carell starred in The Incredible Burt Wonderstone. which was written by John Francis Daley. Have you seen that one?
It was released in 2013 and directed by Don Scardino
No problem, enjoy!
Jason Derulo featured in the song Unbroken and is dating Jordin Sparks
Both did you know Jordin was born in Phoenix?
They make a nice couple Jason Derulo is with the Warner Bros Entertainment record label
It was written by Liane Moriarty, who also wrote Big Little Lies. It was made into a series on HBO. Have you seen it?
It was released in 2010. It is a great book and the series is good as well. Do you think you are going to read it?
Speakers for the Dead and if you like Speculative fictions The Dreaming Void
You may also like Waylander or Way Station.
David Gemmell he also wrote The King Beyond the Gate.
You should enjoy!!
The Princess and the Frog is a good one as is Treasure Planet
Ron Clements directed the movie and it starred Randy Newman and Jenifer Lewis
absolutely have a great day
Lady Gaga is a composer who released popular songs like The Edge of Glory, Telephone and You and I. Do you have a favorite song of hers?
I believe Bradley Cooper costars with her. I've heard it is a great movie.
Yes and also Men in Black 3, seems she is an accomplished actress.
I love them too! My favorite song by them is yellow! It's such a nice song. What's your favorite song by Coldplay?
In my opinion the whole album A Rush of Blood to the Head was good. I can listen to it on repeat.
I'm not sure but they actually won an award for Yellow at the MTV Video Music Awards for best breakthrough video.
Nathan Lane starred in Titan A. E. and Trixie. What movie genres do you like?
Trixie and The Birdcage are two comedies starring Nathan Lane.
Yes, she stars in Trixie.
No problem!
Kahlil Gibran wrote The Prophet. anything else i can do for you?
Prose poetry has examples: The Prophet. The Prophet has genre Poetry. anything else i can answer?
1923. what else can i do for you?
have a good day
Yes, he is a musician and actor. Do you like his music?
He has quite a few- Cry me a river, Say Something, Rock your body, and Can't Stop the Feeling just to name a few.
His music would fall mainly into a pop category.
Yes I think he is greathe wrote we are living great book
Its Historical fiction about amde up wars
ITs an old book it came on 1936
Yes you shuld
Do you like Hugh Jackman? He also starred in Rise of the Guardians
Rise of the Guardians is a Fantasy genre. It was written by William Joyce.
I don't have any information on that, but he did win an academy award for best animated short film.
You're welcome
Yes. Its a good movie. Did you know RED is written by Warren Ellis?
Sure, he starred in The Last Dragon. It's a drama, do you like drama?
Blood and Wine is another good drama, which Mike Starr starred in.
Bob Rafelson wrote it.
It is written by Stephen Hunter and Jonathan Lemkin. It is a good thriller.
Tate Donovan and Mike Dopud to name a couple.
Yes it is a great show! It is a teen drama, have you seen it?
You're welcome.
Sure are you a fan of crime movies?
There is The Godfather Part 2. There is also Training Day, Traffic, and Trance in the crime genre.
Denzel Washington and Ethan Hawke.
I sure can! That would be Angelina Jolie Pitt as Maleficent. Have you seen it?
She was in By the Sea with her husband Brad Pitt and The Bone Collector.
Yes and that movie started a bunch of controversy in their personal life. Vince Vaughn was in that one with them. He's a funny actor. Do you like him?
Oh my gosh that movie was hilarious! I do like Owen Wilson a lot! Has he been in any serious roles?
Oh but that one made my cry. Such a good movie though. Thanks for all your help!
Yes! Doesn't he play on the national football team for Germany?
I think he's lucky number 13 and plays as forward. I think he's a lot like Toni Kroos.
He plays on the Germany national football team, with FC Bayern Munich.
Yes, he is a soccer player from Portugal.
Yes, the Portugal National Football Team. Do you watch a lot of football/soccer?
I did! He is quite a remarkable player and team player.
Do you like adventure? A Princess of Mars, is adventure.
Hi, no, John Travolta did not act in this movie. It stars Tom Cruise, Noah Taylor and Lara Pulve. Do you want to know which movies did John Travolta act in?
No problem! Have you seen Zombieland, it is an interesting movie starring Bill Murray and Emma Stone
Nice. He starred in What About Bob? and The Man Who Knew Too Little. He acted in Scrooged, a Christmas theme movie.
Cool, enjoy the movie!
I haven't seen it yet, but I know Zooey Deschanel and Joseph Gordon-Levitt star in it. Do you recommend it?
I like romance and fantasy. Zooey Deschanel starred in Your Highness. Have you seen it?
I do like some murder mystery as well. But comedy is also good as well.
No I have not but will check it out.
Yes. She's a writer. She writes romance novels and fantasies. Are you interested in some of the books she wrote?
She wrote Beautiful Darkness, Beautiful Chaos and Beautiful Creatures. They are part of a series.
I'm not sure about that but is a popular Young-adult fiction novel.
I think they are one of the best teams! Did you know the team is owned by George Steinbrenner?
He is from Ohio. Are you a fan of him?
Yes Michael Pavone wrote Inside Out
Michael Pavone also produced inside out
He seems to have only worked on the movie Inside Out.
Inside Out is a comedy.
It starred Bruce Dern and Michael Rapaport
your welcome
I sure do, Good Will Hunting starred Matt Damon, Ben Affleck and Minnie Driver
Yes that is correct, Matt Damon and Ben Affleck wrote the screenplay for Good Will Hunting, and Robin Williams also stars in the film
Yes, I have heard of both these movies, would you like to watch them?
You're welcome, hope you enjoy!
Definitely, they are my favorite team in the NFC West
Joe Montana was one of the best quarterbacks ever, and I like the Seahawks too. I really thought they were going to win Super Bowl XL.
I like their colors of Black and Yellow. Did you get to watch Super Bowl XIV when they won the championship?
Yes. The Women of Brewster Place.
Gloria Naylor is the author.
Oprah Winfrey and Cicely Tyson stars in the movie.
Movie wise? Have you seen The Color Purple? That is her most popular role.
Okay, great!
Dark Lover was released in 2005 and it is considered speculative fiction.
That is a great science fiction thriller! Do you enjoy those types of books?
I enjoyed those books as well, do you need recommendations for more sci-fi books?
You might enjoy Xenocide or Zoe's Tale since you liked the Maze Runner.
Sending them now!
She was spectacular in Kubrick's version of Stephen King's The Shining. She's also been in Roxanne, RocketMan and Tale of the Mummy.
The film also stars Beau Bridges.
It's available on NetFlix.
You're welcome.
Oliver Hirschbiegel directed The Invasion and Downfall. Are you a fan of thrillers?
Veronica Cartwright starred in that movie. She also starred in Invasion of the Body Snatchers. Have you seen that one?
As for thrillers, she also starred in The Yellow Wallpaper, but she also starred in The Right Stuff.
You're welcome.
I know Dwyane Wade is married to Gabrielle Union who starred in Cadillac Records.
She played in Good Deeds, which is written by Tyler Perry.
She's incredible! Did you know she was in Men in Black 3 and the Muppets?
Oh, I heard that movie was amazing! I haven't seen it tho. I need to watch men in black again tho to see her with Will Smith.
I think Emma Thompson, Barry Sonnenfeld and Alice Eve were all in it.
He wrote the Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer. He also wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.
Apparently, it is a collection written by numerous authors such as Victor J Stenger, Titus Lucretius Carus, and Thomas Hobbes.
It was actually originally by Lewis Carroll.
You are very welcome!
Would you like it if I checked based on the actor Orlando Bloom?
Well, he starred in the movie Zulu, did you notice that's its genre was Drama based?
He also starred in The Good Doctor, which was hinted at being a thriller film
Glad I could be of help.
Yes, I like him in the Madagascar. He also starred in Cedric the Entertainer.
Yes, I got to see him play in Phoenix a few years ago. I think he is a great golfer. Do you know where he was born?
I do I loved Chevy Chase in Caddyshack. Do you know who directed it?
Yes that also starred Lizzy Caplan and John Cusack. I love those old movies. Wish they made more like them.
Eric Bress actually wrote The Butterfly Effect. Not sure if he directed any movies.
It is a Psychological Thriller. Cameron Bright was the lead actor in the movie.
Can I help with anything else?
Yes, The Pelican Brief and Rendition. Have you seen either one of those?
It is a crime/action film directed by Alan Pakula.
It is also a mystery, strarring Tony Goldwyn and Julia Roberts
Yes are you interested in Young Adult films?
Have you seen the Perks of Being a Wallflower?
It's a Comedy drama and has a feel similar to Silver Linings Playbook
It stars John Maldovich, who was also in Juno. Do you like movies starring Bradley Cooper?
Yes he starred in the Hangover movies, you know, they were hilarious
I haven
Hello, yes he wrote The light Between Oceans it was released in 2012.
Yes it is a movie and the genre is thriller drama and disaster film. Have you seen it/
I have not seen it but heard Without Remorse is good as well as without fail.
Me to enjoy them.
Pinky and the Brain, Revolting Rhymes, and Lullaby are a few books similar to pride and prejudice.
Chuck Palahniuk wrote it.
He wrote the following books to name a few: fight club, choked, and haunted
I haven't seen it. Doesn't that star Tate Donovan? Was it good?
Great show! That was with Peter Gallagher and Melinda Clarke!
He was in While You Were Sleeping
He was also in The Underneath
Rocky was written by and starred Sylvester Stallone. Do you like his work?
Have you seen Undisputed written by David Giler starring Wes Studi?
Undisputed is a Sport, drama, and action film. Does it sound like something you'll like?
You're welcome, enjoy!
That movie is a historical period drama. Is that what you are looking for?
How about The Age of Innocence or Vanity Fair?
It was released in 1993.
You're welcome.
I agree. Im so happy he won the NBA All-Rookie Team award.
Actually Stephen Curry is because he is so cute and is one of the best point guards ever.
I total agree. what do you know about the point guard Michael Cooper?
Thanks for that info
I know Mark Haddon wrote it, but that's all I know about it.
The one I read by him was The Red House. That was a really good book. If you havent read it, you definitely should.
Have you see the movie Captain EO?
No, just the same writer. But I would recommend The God Father Part II or Apocalypses Now. Have you watch them?
Sure, Have you see Goodfellas?
Sure, how about The Rain People?
Oh yeah. I remember her in the movies, Wildcats, Titanic (as an older version of Kate Winslett) and The Prisoner of Shark Island
I would recommend in 1939 classic Young Mr Lincoln. It also featured the assassination of Abraham Lincoln
His music is amazing. I like Goldie Hawn in Wildcats. She also was in the movies Private Benjamin and Overboard
It is a drama film. I remember the movie was so successful that it was like made into a TV series
Sure, anytime!
Oh yes. She wrote two really fun books: Underworld & Twilight
That's a drama.
She wrote Haunted, which is also considered Speculative Fiction.
You're very welcome! Happy reading!
Insomnia is a thriller. If you like that genre, I can recommend War, The Perfect Storm, and The Amityville Horror. Do any of those interest you?
A few f the stars are Nadine Velazquez, Jet Li, and Jason Statham. I highly recommend Jason in action roles.
The film was released in 2007 and is directed by Philip G. Atwell. Are you familiar with his work?
I am happy to assist!
Yes, he starred in Winnie the Pooh.
Yes he was also in Saving Grace, Brave, and The Big Tease.
Saving Grace was released in 2000 and Nigel Cole directed it.
I don't know much except shes a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Me neither except Venus and Serena Williams are really good.
Yes, I think she played against Venus right?
I used to, but not anymore now that Jon Gruden is their coach.
I agree! He was good at that, like John Madden used to be.
Really? I think he should have left writing to the professionals, like William Shakespeare.
Sure. Do you like movies with James Franco? He is the star of that film.
Me too! He was in the Spider-Man movies 1-3. Have you seen any of those?
Sure. Have you seen the one called Why Him? It sounds like it might be what you're looking for.
No I have never seen it I know it was written by Robert D. Siegel though.
Turbo is a comedy.
your welcome
Well, he's an athlete who plays Cricket on Royal Challengers Bangalore
No, it's more like a British version of baseball, but with some rules of soccer applied to it
Would Russell Westbrook ring a bell?
That's one of my favorites. Would you refer to the author C.S. Lewis? Or Pauline Baynes?
I believe Prince Caspian would be perfect for you. Did you know that it was released in the year 1951?
I know its a Fantasy
Glad you liked it. Enjoy
You may like Peter Pan, it was released in 1904
Yes, The Story of the Doctor Dolittle is a similar book.
Ok, You can try The Sea Wolf, it was released the same year as Peter Pan.
I have no idea.
It was written by Jack London.
Do you mean Sex Seabiscuit?
Richard Pevear wrote Eecbl, it was released in 1872.
Larissa Volokhonsky also wrote Eecbl in 1872 with him.
The genre is childrens literature and coming of age.
Are you referring to the one that was released in 2012 starring Kristen Connolly?
No I do not have that information. Have you ever seen 2012 starring Ty Olsson?
It is a mix of genres. It includes science fiction, drama, thriller, adventure, and action. It really has a little bit of something for everyone. Does it sound like something that would interest you?
Ok, great. Enjoy!
Are you interested you interested in the sci-fi genre?
Ok then you might also like Transformers and The Lost World: Jurassic Park
Yes Michael Bay directed Armageddon starring Ben Affleck and Owen Wilson.
Yes it does and so does Ultraviolet and Tremors
Yes, that is true. Would you like other recommendations?
The Blind Side is a Biographical film. Do you like Biographies?
Into the Wild is a Biographical film, and is directed by Sean Penn.
Living off the land and dying, in the modern age. Other Biographical films are The Iron Lady, and The Iceman.
Have fun!
I think Venus Ebony Starr Williams is an American professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 40 in the WTA singles rankings
I think those are the facts,She also has a sister named Serena.
Either one of them would be awesome. Of course they wouldn't want me,I'm not very good.
Of course! Ryan Reynolds is one of my favorite actors.
No, I didn't see Woman in Gold, I don't like History films. I enjoyed The proposal, great romantic comedy.
No, I haven't seen it but I will give it a try only because I like Scarlett Johansson.
Yes, Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time is a similar one.
The great Mike Newell directed it.
Reece Ritchie and Richard Coyle are two of the people in the movie.
The movie came out 8 years ago in 2010.
I like all things Superman. Parker Posey is in it.
It's an action film. Do enjoy superhero movies?
She was also in The Event, an Indie film.
He's wonderful. You might like him in Sleepless in Seattle as well.
It's a classic! I hope you enjoy it!
You are welcome.
Deception Point has genre Techno-thriller. Techno-thriller has examples: Reamde. what else can i do for you today?
Techno-thriller has examples: Red Storm Rising. Red Storm Rising has genre Novel. what else can i help you with?
good idea what else can i do for you?
The Wide Window may be a similar movie since it is an English movie like Marley &Me.
Yes, he wrote that book as well as made a movie about the book. Would you like to know more about the movie?
It is a steampunk movie. I'm not sure of the actors just yet. Give me a few minutes to do some research.
I'm still not finding actors from the movie in my database, but Daniel Handler and Brett Helquist are two of the writers for the movie.
Yes, that is true. Slippery Slope is written by Daniel Handle.
You're welcome. I'm happy to help anytime. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Okay, have a wonderful day and enjoy the movies and books!
I never read the book but i heard it's a good book. It is written by Diana Gabaldon.
Diana Gabaldon wrote My Own Heart's Blood which is a good book.
its the eighth book in the Outlander series of novels. she also wrote Drums of Autumn.
Im not really sure but i can tell you Drums of Autumn is really a good book you should check out.
Isn't he on the Brazil national football team? I think he's a midfielder.
I'm not really a fan of sports but it makes me think of the movie Remember the Titans. Have you seen it?
Yes, Ryan was also in Blue Valentine but I haven't seen that either.
Yes, a couple of popular ones were The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day.
Independence Day is an Action/Adventure film and, by the way, it starred Adam Baldwin.
He was a big star in the movie, Wyatt Earp.
Lawrence Kasden directed it.
I know she wrote the fantasy book Sex as well as Filth and Wisdom. She was okay.
My all time favorite is Michael Jackson. Did you know Madonna played in Girl 6 and Vision Quest
Man in the Mirror
Are they apart of The National Football League?
me either
The teams I have heard the most about are the : New Orleans Saints and the Dallas Cowboys.
Yes, he directed popular movies like Snatch and Sherlock Holmes. Have you ever seen them?
Sure, Snatch features some big names like Brad Pitt and Jason Statham. It's a crime film.
I'm sorry. I don't have that information.
sure
OMG! I am an Army! They are by far the most popular K-pop group of this generation!
I heard they write their own song! although majority are in there native language. The beat is quite easy to listen too.
Yes they are. The group just debut in 2013 and from that point they have won awards including Best Artist of the Year in 2014 Seoul Music Award. I even saw them in a british talk show
Well, he starred in both Deadpool most notably!
He is! Did you also know he starred in the In-Laws and in Ted? Do you like comedies?
I think you might also like Dr. Dre, he is also friends with Eminem but makes similar music.
That's right! Timbaland has many celebrity friends, including Dj Khaled and the late Mac Miller.
That's right! It's a thriller starring Anthony Anderson and Aaliyah.
Absolutely, enjoy!
She is also in Twilight of the Ice Nymphs and Time Bandits. Are you familiar with them?
I do not have more information on that film, but I can tell you more about Twilight of the Ice Nymphs.
The film also stars Alice Krige. She was also in Stay Alive. Have you heard of it?
She was also in Solomon Kane.
Have you read The Secret History? I did and loved it!
It's a fiction book about a murder. Do you like those kind of books?
She also wrote The Little Friend. Have you read that one?
I believe it's fiction. I'm not totally sure. You might also like The Line of Beauty.
If you like action movies, he directed Armageddon and Transformers. Would you like that type of movie?
A lesser known movie that he directed is Pain & Gain. I don't know what genre it is.
Yes he and Mark Wahlberg starred in it.
You're welcome!
Is Rohit an athlete of some sort?
I know of it and have seen it played on television. Wayne Rooney comes to mind as a player.
I love American Football! You?
The Pats always have to be considered - even without a perfect record. Such a good team!
Yes! She was in The Wild Life, The Little Rascals, The Dog Lover and many more. Seems like there are a lot of comedy she is in. Do you like comedy movies?
I'm sorry i'm not sure but i believe she may be. Have you seen The Wild Life? She is in it.
Randy Quaid is also in it! also Eric Stoltz and Chris Penn. Do you like Randy Quaid?
I do. Here it is. Enjoy.
She is wonderful. The Time Traveler's Wife was written by her. It was also made in to a film
It's Sci-Fi. Along the same lines as Thor. Do you like sci-fi?
Stan Lee is a writer. He wrote X-Men 2 as well as Thor.
I really enjoy the movie Memento. He is also a TV star, but since you asked for movie recommendations, may I also suggest
Christopher Nolan.
Man of Steel, Batman Begins. Are any of these ones you'd consider watching?
You bet! I can add Batman Begins, but The Dark Knight Rises is one you may consider to add to your watch list.
Yes I follow them but my favorite is Dallas Cowboys. What about you? Which team do you like?
Ok. How was there game this week?
Oh thats fine. Who is the QB of Kansan City Chiefs?
Yeah, they won over Saints.
A ton! You can try Les Miserables or The Hunchback of Notre-Dame, just to name a few.
It falls under Fiction and Romanticism genre as well.
Fiction books? You can try World Without End or Wolf Brother.
Sure! The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy is similar and good!
I'm sorry I don't have that information. Would you like to know when Deadpool was released?
Deadpool was released in 2016, the same year as Fight Valley!
Great, glad to be of help! Have you seen Deadpool? It has amazing reviews!
Great, let me know if you need anything else.
Never heard of him, what team is he on?
Not a huge sports fan. I have watch one of Chelsea's games, they are really good.
Wow, that is very impressive.
Yes, she is. i don't understand why she had a relationship with Justin Bieber.
Really? I haven't seen him in that movie. Did you know that Selena was in a Horror Film called Aftershock?
No, I haven't. I prefer romantic comedies.
Will Ferrell wrote it, and he is naturally hilarious. Do you like Will Farell?
If you like Slapstick comedy, you should definitely check it out!
I'm unsure of the year, but I assure you Judd Apatow stole the show in the film, and it's worth watching.
The Tragedy of King Richard the Third is similar to The Tragedy of Macbeth.
John Jowett wrote it in 1591.
I don't, but it was heavily influenced by Edmund Shakespeare.
I don't have that information, but they did influence each others work.
Tom Hooper directed The King's Speech and The Damned United. Did you know he is a screenwriter and film producer?
The Kings Speech is rated R (USA) like the Zero Effect.
Zero Effect, a film produced by Jake Kasdan, was released in 1998.
They're a pretty good football team. Did you know they are coached by John Fox and their mascot is the Miles.
He coached both I think. He coached the Carolina Panthers in 2008 NFL Season.
I guess he coached a bunch of teams. Didn't the 49ers win that Super Bowl against the Broncos?
Face/Off stars Nicholas Cage and Thomas Jane. It is a great movie!
I am not into her music so much. But I think she did a great job as an actress starring in Battleship with Taylor Kitsch.
Battleship was pretty good. It had Liam Neeson and Peter Berg. Liam Neeson is one of my favorite actors.
It is not very often Liam Neeson stars in a Science Fiction movie like Battleship. I highly recommend it.
AB de Villiers is a musician and an athlete. He plays cricket. Do you like cricket?
I would say pop. He has an album called Maak Jou Drome Waar. Do you like pop music?
Maybe give Maak Jou Drome Waar, it might surprise you.
Yes i have seen it before, it was written by Hunter S. Thompson. It also stared Michael Jeter.
Yes, he also starred in The pirates of the Caribbean.
I did, but also Olivia Munn starred in Ride Along 2.
Great!
Yes, definetely. Do you like them because they belong to the Fiction. I can recommend PS, I Love You.
Sure. I can recommend the Goblet of Fire. Would you loke that?
Do you like science fiction genre, because I can offer some similar movie recommendations
Some science fiction movies include, X-men Oirigins: Wolverine and Starship Troopers
Actually, it's Ryan Reynolds
The main stars are Hugh Jackman and Liev Schreiber
Actually, all of the Marvel cinematic movies have a ton of adventure, I highly recommend them
Yes, he is the main star of the Dead Pool films
I do. He wrote Wizard and Glass. Another good one is The Graveyard Book.
Yes, I believe that is true. It was released in 1997. Do you like Stephen King?
He is a very prolific writer. He also starred in Thinner and Sleepwalkers. You should check those out if you haven't.
You're very welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, I have Forrest Gump and it is a Comedy.
Yes, i do like this team
My favorite player is Mike Evans
He is the wide receiver
Im not sure
I really don't listen to her music I did see her in Battleship though
She wasn't to bad Petter Berg was also in Battleship with her
Me to I know that Liam Neeson starred in Wrath of the Titans
Euphoria is an album by Enrique Iglesias. do you like his music?
yes he was. i love pop music. do you like any other pop stars?
getaway car is her latest single. i love her music too. have you ever seen her live in concert?
Certainly! A couple of my favorites would be The Professor and Jane Eyre. Are you a fan of Charlotte's?
The Professor, A Tale was the first book written by Charlotte. Interestingly, it was rejected many times before it was published in 1857!
Great! I have added it to your library. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you like books written by Robin Buss, or is it the genre you appreciate?
Maybe try The Hammer of Thor or The Boy Who Came Back from Heaven. I highly recommend both!
Sure! It is written by Kevin and Alex Malarkey! The film adaptation was released in 2010 and directed by Peter Hyams.
Sure, it was written by Emily St. John Mandel and was released in 2014. Can you tell me what else you liked about it?
Last Night in Montreal, and The Singer's Gun are both titles she's written.
I don't see that information here, but according to Google it is Psychological Fiction.
No problem, glad to help.
Yes, it was written by Rick Yancey and released in 2013. Are you a fan of that author?
Yes, and 2016 was a good year for literature. The Last Star and The Unexpected Everything were also released that year.
Yes, Robert Graves wrote I, Claudius and De vita Caesarum. Both works I would recommend.
Hurricane Squadron is very good by Robert Jackson
Wow this is written by William Shakespeare
in 1595 it was written
The Notebook has genre Romance. Are you into Romance movies?
Well I think Water for Elephants would a great movie for you.
I dont know that information but welcome to Temptation is another great movie you might like.
Added both movies to your list. Enjoy.
Written by Jamie Ford. I haven't read it
Place of birth was Eureka. Do you know where that is?
Ford County written by John Grisham I did read and like. Have you read that one?
He is a great author. You should check out The Runaway Jury if you haven't already
Do you like the it because of the genre or some of the actors in the movie like Morgan Freeman and Michael Caine?
Gone Baby Gone is similar and also stars Morgan Freeman, I think you would enjoy it.
Morgan Freeman has had quite a career! The Long Way Home, Shawshank Redemption are just two of a long list.
Are you a fan of mysteries?
You might also enjoy The Crow Road or Tears of the Giraffe. Do you like John Grisham books>
Then you might enjoy Violets Are Blue or The Gift, also written by James Patterson.
Sure, she wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Present which was released om 1891. Does that sound interesting to you?
Yes, as well as Thomas Hardy. Would you like to know anything more?
The Woodlanders is a great Tragedy released in 1887 I would recommend
Sure he wrote Career Evil which is similar to J.K Rowling books.
She wrote Very Good Lives: The Fringe Benefits of Failure and the Importance of Imagination and she wrote Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire
No problem! Enjoy
The goonies is similar one
Adventure genre
Yes,i know 2 of them
The river and the lust lizard of melancholy cove
Welcome
The Rise of Endymion is similar to The Catcher in the Rye.
Yes Dan Simmons wrote The Rise of Endymion
The Old Curiosity Shop is another book by Dan Simmons
Yes, he's a great actor. Did you know he starred in Armageddon?
If you mean Bruce Willis, he also wrote Hudson Hawk.
Yes, that is true. Do you enjoy comedies?
Those are all great movies. Do you also like Zoolander and Zombieland? Those are a few other comedies I found also.
Great! I hope you enjoy it. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
He sure is since he is in NBA All-Rookie Team after all. Is he your favorite basketball player?
Yeah probably Marcus Denmon. Do you know him?
He plays Point guard. Kobe Bryant is a good Point guard as well.
Sure. It was written by J.D. Salinger. He also wrote Raise High the Roof Beam, Carpenters. You might like that.
Absolutely. This genre has some excellent books like Madame Bovary
Never heard of them. Are they musicians. What do they play? Pop music?
Thats very interesting but I am more into Shakira or Pink. Do you like any of their music?
How about Rihanna. Do you like her?
That is a historical fiction novel, written by Barbara Kingsolver. Do you typically like those kinds of novels?
I am not sure when it was released, but if you like historical fiction, have you tried World Without End yet?
That along with Wolf Hall are great historical fiction novels. If you like historical fiction, they are ones that I would recommend that you give a try.
Great choice! That is by Chinua Achebe and also includes a bit of poetry. If you are a fan of that, you really should consider Wolf Hall and World Without End. You are sure to be a fan.
Glad to be of assistance. Enjoy!
Looper is written by Rian Johnson. anything else i can answer for you?
yes it is. what else can i answer for you today?
ok have a good day
That is a nice choice of movie i do not have one in mind but
He has directed The Willow produced in 1988.
you are welcome.
It was written by Tony Goldwyn and released in 2003
He starred in Someone Like You and The Pelican Brief
Someone like you is a Comedy
Great, Enjoy!
It is written by J.D. Salinger
No, would you like me to download it?
Okay, your welcome.
What do you think about Tom Brady?
A Clockwork Orange was released in 1962 the same year as a snowy day.
I don't know. Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf? It's classified as a drama.
2 dramas that I would suggest are, Tootsie and the unit.
Fiona Stafford wrote the Book Emma
Sure! Philippa Gregory wrote Wideacre and The White Queen, have you read either of those?
Wideacre is a historical fiction book that was released in 1987
I'm sorry I'm not completely sure which genre The White Queen is
Enjoy!
I think they're a sports team. Football, like the 49ers right?
I love American football. I'm not sure if Green Bay Packers are playing this week tho.
Well I was a Chargers fan, boo! Oh, Green Bay is playing the Cardinals tomorrow.
Did Wally Lamb write I Know This Much Is True?
Breathing Lessons by Anne Tyler is a noter good fiction novel
Thank you. I will check it out.
Take care
The Dolphins are 5-6 in the AFC East right now, so they are doing pretty well. The owner, Stephen Ross must be pretty happy. Are they your favorite team?
I love football! I especially like watching he games in person, there's something about the crowd that makes the game better. Anyone who beats the Patriots is good in my book!
The Cowboys are my Team. They're doing pretty well this season. I'm not a bandwagon fan either, win or lose, they're my team.
Inside out is a fantasy movie kind of like Jurassic Park III.
Jurassic Park III starred Alexander Payne and Jim Taylor. Want to know more?
I am not sure when it was released. Did you know it was written by Peter Buchman?
You are welcome. Enjoy the Fantasy that is Jrassic Park III!
Ariana Grande has a great voice. I liked her a lot better when she starred in the childrens television series Victorious.
I totally agree. Zoey 101 was another sitcom that was pretty funny if you remember that one.
I do think Victoria Justice had a minor role in Zoey 101. Jamie Lynn Spears was the starring role.
Yes. Britney Spears little sister. They both have kids now.
Sure! Downfall is a war film starring Bruno Ganz and Christian Berkel. Do you enjoy war movies?
A couple of prime choices would be Zero Dark Thirty and The Wind that Shakes the Barley. Are you familiar with either?
Added to your list. Enjoy!
Sure, it is Fiction Novel. It is a classic book, glad you liked it!
Definitely, you might like Wuthering Heights or Wolf Brother.
No problem. Another great Fiction book is Twilight Eyes.
You are welcome, hope you enjoy them!
Big Hero 6 has genre Sci-Fi,family,comedy,animation. To name a few.This movie has it all
Yes Wreck It and WallE are perfect examples. Are you interested in Sci-fi?
Yes Mindy Kaling did have a role in the first Despicable Me, she was the tourist mom.
In Wreck It she was Taffyta Muttonfudge.Boy that's a mouthful!
Glad I could help
They seem to be having a good season. I am a NY Giants fan. How about you?
So we are rivals! Who is your all time favorite Cowboy?
Ok. Makes sense.
Quite a few actually, he wrote The Royal Tenenbaums, Mr Fox and Moonrise Kingdom. Have you seen any of those?
Owen Wilson voices Coach Skip in Fantastic Mr Fox. It is a very funny movie, highly recommended.
Yes, it is more of a minor role.
He's a professional golfer from England.
He has 9 PGA wins and 12 European Tour wins.
He is. He even holds 2 World Golf Championships.
Yes, of course. She was married to Leonard Woolf, and died in River Ouse, Sussex.
She was. She wrote To The Lighthouse, A Room of One's Own, and many others.
In 1927! It is an old book, but definitively worth the read.
Glad I could help, it's on its way.
Oh yeah, Isaiah Thomas is an athlete that plays point guard in Basketball . Do you like basketball?
Isaiah Thomas plays for the Denver Nuggets, he has played for the Cleveland Cavaliers and the Brooklyn Nets.
I have watched them with my sons, but I am a football fan more.
Sure. She was in Time Bandits, The Shining, The Underneath, Tale of the Mummy and, probably her most challenging performance, she was also in Frankenweenie.
No problem. It has multiple genres including Science Fiction, Time Travel, Fantasy, Comedy and Adventure. Are you partial to a particular genre?
You're welcome
Sure. Public Enemies, starring Shawn Hatosy, and Channing Tatum is a great romance thriller.
Sure, Collateral, with Tom Cruise, Miami Vice and Manhunter are all great movies.
Collateral is a great crime/drama. It was released in 2004. You'll enjoy it.
Frances Mayes is amazing. She wrote the book, Under the Tuscan Sun, which was made into a movie.
Sure, she wrote Bella Tuscany, the Sweet Life of Italy
Absolutely, also she wrote, The Tuscan Sun Cookbook as well. It's a collection of recipes that feature Italian cuisine
Yes I think she is very talented and stay drama free
She is also in movies like Valentine's Day
She was also in the animated fil The Lorax
Oh sorry, I really don't. I dislike both Tomlin and Roethlisberger.
Glad we agree on that. What about Tomlin?
You might enjoy the book, Shadowland, by that author. Do you like fantasy genre?
She also wrote Evermore in 2009 and Blue Moon in 2005.
I believe her books are for young readers, yes.
You're welcome.
Yes he is on the Columbia national football team. Have you seen him play?
Oh ok, he is a popular athlete who attended the University of richmond.
He is good also on the Colombia national football team.
Yes, it's a good book written by Tom Schulman released in 1989. There's a movie as well starring Robin Williams.
Well, it is drama/teen film. Do you like movies in this genre?
Well, there is a Welcome to Mooseport written by him. But it's rather Romance and Farce than Drama. Any interest?
Then maybe you might better like Medicine Man written by Tom Schulman.
Happy to help! Anything else I can do for you?
Sure, John Tiffany wrote Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, Parts One and Two. Have you read it?
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child is a two-part stage play written by Jack Thorne based on an original story by Thorne, J. K. Rowling. JK Rowling also wrote The Silkworm, have you read it?
I believe it became a 2 part tv series.
Definitely, Milan Kundera wrote Smné lásky, which was well acclaimed.
I'm not 100% sure. But, 1970 was a great year. It was the same year the fiction book Time and Again was released. Have you read it?
You're welcome!
What did you like about The Bourne Identity-the actors or the story?
Ok. There are follow ups: The Bourne Supremacy and the The Bourne Legacy.
Yes. It features the same actors.
Certainly. Seabiscuit is very popular. Did you know that this author is a female?
Sorry I can't find that information at this time. Ask me at a later time.
Sorry still do not have that information. A bit off topic but here is a random fact. Bisco Hatori wrote  3.
Of course, he has directed Walk the Line, a Biographical film and Kate & Leopold. Do any of those interest you?
She was! As was Joaquin Phoenix. It takes place in Nashville.
It did, it won Golden Globe for Best Motion Picture in 2006. It's a great Romance film as well.
Absolutely! Why Did I get Married is a good one. When Harry Met Sally is a classic and What Dreams May Come is good as well. Have you seen any of those?
Absolutely! I think you will really like it!
Yes a similar book is To Kill a Mockingbird!
Sure thing! The Sun Always Rises is similar.
Fantastic! Would you like to know who it's written by?
He stars in the movie called Spud and Dredd
The movie is comedy
No, he does not
Troye Sivan also stars in the movie
Irvin Kreshner is known for The Return of a Man Called Horse and The Last Temptation of Christ. Do those sound interesting to you?
The Return of a Man Called Horse stars William Lucking and Gale Sondergaard.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Rob Riggle is an actor who's starred in such movies as The Other Guys and The Hangover
Some names you may recognize are Will Ferrell, Tracy Morgan, and Rosie Perez
The film was released in 2010, do you think you'll watch it?
No problem, enjoy the movie
Sure. Morgan Freeman starred in The Shawshank Redemption and The Dark Knight. Both really good movies.
Ned Bellamy and Morgan Freeman both also starred in The Contract
That is correct. He also starred in the Blockbuster Titanic and Anaconda
you are very welcome. Please enjoy
Blood Diamond is a Thriller starring Leonardo DiCaprio.
Leonardo DiCaprio starred in The Aviator, and it was a biographical film.
He also starred in Good Night and Good Luck with George Clooney and Matt Ross.
That is a good movie as well. I think my favorite movie with Leonardo Dicaprio is Titanic. That was the best ever. Have you ever seen it?
Yes, I like everything James Cameron wrote, that I know of. Dark Angel is awesome as well.
You should really like iy if you like James Cameron. Enjoy!!!
Would you prefer me to check based on its genre, or on the actors?
From what I recall, Joseph Gordon-Levitt starred in that movie. He also starred in Shadowboxer. Does this sound like your type of movies?
I think she acted in the movie Spiderman, but I'm not so sure
Don't mention it.
Yes, the team belongs to the National Basketball Association or NBA. The team is owned by Jay-Z.
Yes! He owns a share in the team. And yes, you are right the Washington Wizards are a basketball team too owned by Ted Leonsis.
No, I didn't know that. What an interesting fact. The movie also stars Mariel Hemingway, right?
I do. She wrote These Happy Golden Years and The long Winter.
It is a historical fiction published in 1940.
You might enjoy The little House Collection written in 1953 by Ms. Wilder.
You got it!
Sure, his books have a few different genres. Do you prefer World Cinema, Drama, or Coming of Age?
I think he wrote Garden of Beasts, but I actually prefer The Crucible, by Christopher Bigsby. Have you read that one?
Sure, I would try Wings of Desire or Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf!
I think you would like All My Sons, which is another similar drama.
I'm not sure who directed One childs Courage to Survive, but I do know that Save Pelzer wrote it.
The only other thing I know about it, is that it's written in English.
Great choice, Brad Garrett has starred in the Action/Adventure movie Underdog. If you're more into comedies, he has also starred in the movie The Pacifier.
Yes, they did! And it was directed by Frederik Du Chau.
The Pacifier was released on March 4, 2005. Would you be interested in that one?
You're welcome! Here it is...
It is a Romance Film genre, Do you like that genre?
I am not sure but I am glad you enjoyed it
Women in Love is a good one
I don't know, but Water for Elephants is another movie in that genre
I am not sure but I do know that What to Expect When You're Expecting is also another romance film
You are welcome
I don't know any movies with Jennifer Lopez.
James Rodriguez plays for the Colombia national football team.
I heard they are. Radamel Falcao is the Midfielder on the team?
I don't know that info but I do know he is from Colombia.
Actually yes Shakira is from Colombia as well.
I really like I, Robot. The lead actors are Will Smith, Bridget Moynahan, Bruce Greenwood, and James Cromwell.
As Good as It Gets is directed by James L. Brooks who also directed Terms of Endearment. Have you seen this one?
It stars Danny DeVito and Albert Brooks
I'm sorry I don't currently have that information
I hope you enjoy it!
I am a fan, Tyron Brackenridge is a great player.
Wayne Weaver and Shahid Khan are the owners.
Most people are.
I sure can! She plays Badminton. She's a really good athlete.
She did! That was my favorite Olympics of all time.
I really enjoy the swimming. Tom Daley is a great swimmer. Do you know him?
He was born in Lillehammer and became Britain's youngest ever European gold medalist.
You're welcome!
NIcholas Sparks was a very active writer. He wrote Two by Two, Three Weeks with My Brother and The Wedding.
Two by Tow was released in 2016 in the English Language. Are you looking for a specific genre?
Nicholas Sparks writings did go to film, like The Notebook and The Last Song. Beautiful movies.
I don't have that information about him. I'm sure Nicholas Sparks contributions to films attracted many notable Film producers like Tony Hendra and the like.
Yes, he was. Tony Hendra starred with Michael J. Fox in Life with Mikey and THis is Spinal Time and was a great writer also.
You're welcome, I hope these suggestions would result in great reading for you.
Quentin Tarantino directed it. He's directed many big films such as Kill Bill and Sin City.
Yes there is. He has also directed Kill Bill Volume 2. its a crime fiction, thriller.
Yes she plays in both of those. Do you enjoy crime fiction films?
You're welcome enjoy!
Do you like it because Robert Rodriguez stars in it?
Sin city is an Indie film similar to Gentlemen Broncos and Good Dick.
Mike White and Clive Revill starred in Gentlemen Broncos. Have you seen it?
You're welcome
Sure, it is written by David Benioff and Khaled Hosseini.
Yes Khaled actually starred in that as well. It is a Romance/drama film.
A Thousand Splendid Suns! That was also written by Khaled, it was released in 2007.
No problem!
She's been influenced by Paulo Coelho, George Orwell, Ernest Hemingway and Rudyard Kipling. I wouldn't necessarily compare her to them, but you should find some similarities in their writing styles.
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Alchemist and The Pilgrimage.
Yes, he has done many things in his life. He's also a lyricist.
J.M Barrie write Peter Pan alone with Micheal Hague which was released in 1904.
I'm sorry but I do not have that information. I can recommend The Little White Bird also written by J.M. Barrie.
It was wrote by F. Scott Fitzgerald, and is a drama.
Fantastic! It was released in 1925.
Yes, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is in the same genre.
F. Scott Fitzgerald also wrote this book!
It was released in 1925.
I have no idea about it but it starring Micky Ward and Melissa McMeekin
Yes, Jane Eyre is a novel written by Charlotte Bronte released in 1847.
Charlotte Bronte was a great author who also wrote Villette, The Professor, and Shirley. You should check out Villette.
Villete has several genres it fall into. Its considered Speculative fiction,Gothic fiction and Social criticism.
Sure anytime.
Just Listen is written by Sarah Dessen. Are you looking for Young-adult fiction?
She also wrote This Lullaby,The Truth About Forever.
It also is Young-adult fiction. Some other ones she wrote are Dreamland and Along for the Ride.
Awesome! So do I. Marc Webb directed such films as The Amazing Spider-Man and 500 Days of Summer. Have you seen either of those films?
Yes, it is! Kloves also wrote some of the Harry Potter films, including the Philosopher's Stone and the Half-Blood Prince!
A couple of the most well-known actresses were Maggie Smith and Julianne Hough. I believe Hough is the same woman from Dancing With the Stars fame. She left the show to pursue an acting career!
Great! I hope you enjoy his films!
Not much. I vaguely recall the name. are they a guitarist or drummer?
I did not know that. I know the South African national team is doing pretty well this year. Have they played any games this week?
Not really. The National Football League in America is more my thing.
There is the Great Gatsby which is his award winning work which he wrote himself
It is Leonardo DiCaprio who starred in the movie and that is the only info I have.
Hold on I got some info about the movie. Joel Edgerton, Isla Fisher, Elizabeth Debicki have co starred with him and it has a genre Drama.
Alright you have a good night!
It is a cute and funny movie. I really love Disney movies.
Oh, yeah, the movie is adorable. You might want to try Disney's The Princess and the Frog or The Little Mermaid. You can't really go wrong with any of them.
Glad to hear you enjoyed it. It is originally a Grimms' Fairy Tale. They were such brilliant writers but much darker than the Disney version.
It is dark, but, so such a great fantasy.
The Call of the Wild was written by Jack London. Its considered historical fiction.
Well if you like Jack London books he also wrote White Fang and To Build a Fire, both great fiction books.
I'd try Amazon. Enjoy.
I haven't! That was released in 2011 by Jamie McGuire. Do novels like that interest you?
Great, I can recommend books like Beautiful Sacrifice. have you heard of it?
Would you like me to add that to your reading list?
Wonderful! Anything else I can help you with today?
Great have a good day.
I don't have any knowledge about similar actors to Jennifer Lawrence, but she did star in Silver Linings Playbook
Yes he was! He also starred in Meet the Parents which was produced by Jay Roach and edited by Jon Poll.
Yes it is! And there is also a sequel called Meet the Fockers starring Ben Stiller
You should! Zoolander 2 is also a good comedy.
The Arizona Cardinals are a good NFC West football team owned by Bill Bidwell. Do you like Football? I do.
I like the Bears, they are a good team. But my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Playoffs would be nice.
Yes, I saw that game. I thought for sure the Cowboys were going to lose, but they pulled it off. Now they are #1 in their division. it could happen.
Do you like it because it's historical fiction?
That's an action adventure film starring Billy Bob Thornton.
That also Stars Billy Bob Thornton and Shannon Elizabeth.
I used to. Ariana Grande is a friend of Miley Cyrus and I am no longer fans of either of them since they grew up.
Didn't Liam Hensworth star in The Last Song?
Oh, I like Nicholas Sparks. He wrote Dear John. Did you know that Ryan Kavanaugh produced that?
Nicholas Sparks wrote The Lucky One. Have you read any of his books?
He also wrote The Notebook which was made into a movie.
A Walk to remember and Two by Two are a couple of other books by him I would recommend.
You're welcome.
Are you more interested in the movies he directed? Or the ones the starred in?
I believe most of them are Drama. What of Young Victoria? He directed that one.
Yeah, a compilation of both Drama and History
Emily Blunt and Rupert Friend
She certainly does.
The Girl on The Train and Edge of Tomorrow are ones she took part in.
I'll do so immediately. Would you like me to save it on your favorites?
Would you like other movies by the same writer or more movies about racing
Have you seen 2 fast 2 furious
This movie also stars Paul Walker
Okay. I'll play it now.
Zombie is a very similar movie to World War Z.
Have you seen Shaun of the Dead? That is a great one.
Starring Vincent Regan and created by Frank Millier, I'm not sure.
3 that I can list are: X-Men Apocalypse, Steve Jobs and Slow West - Have you seen any of these?
He's also been in Sherlock Holmes and the Case of the Silk Stocking, Prometheus and Pitch Black Heist.
you're welcome
Cat's Cradle is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr. Do you like Science Fiction?
The Sirens of Titan is good one you might enjoy. It was released in 1959.
Timequake is an Autobiographical novel written by Vonnegut. Another one similar is We the Living.
Thank you for your time.
I do know he's a baketball player, plays point guard. He also was the all star most valuable player
I'm not that informed about players from back in the 90' either, No, i have no idea who Doc Rivers is. When did he play?
Then I should know about him because I'm from LA. Thanks for letting me know!
Yes especially the song Too Good at Goodbyes.
No I don't know who writes the songs but Emile Zola is a good writer.
That information is correct influenced by August Strindberg
I think they are alright, I like where they play, The Madison Square Garden, have you ever been?
Yes I did, it is their home venue. The just missed the 1994 Nba finals too
I do not watch much either but prefer either the Chicago Bulls or the Minnesota Timberwolves. What other sports do you watch?
Absolutely. He was in American Pie. That film was hilarious. Are you into comedies?
Aside from Chris Weitz, it also stars Chris Owen and Alyson Hannigan.
He wrote it. The producers were Warren Zide and Craig Perry.
Well Jake Gyllenhaal had a role in the movie. He's trending on the internet.
I've seen it, but I don't really enjoy serial killer movies.
I don't know any other movies he stars in.
I do enjoy movies about superheros. I wish I had X-ray vision.
I'm not really much of a sports fan. I know they are part of the National Basketball Association. Do you like basketball?
That's awesome! I guess Will Smith and Jada Pinkett Smith own the Philidelphia 76ers. I think they're good actors!
It was! I also like Tommy Lee Jones, he's good too.
Hitch was pretty funny, I didn't know he produced it though!
Madame Bovary is a book written by Mark Overstall and Margaret Mauldon.
This literary modernism book was released in 1856 to be exact.
Unfortunately, that's the only book i am familiar with in that genre.
You're welcome.
Did you enjoy her performance in American Beauty?
American Beauty was written by Alan Ball and some of the stars include Mena Suvari and Kevin Spacey
Sure, Kevin Spacey starred in Beyond the Sea and the Usual Suspects as well as Working Girl
Well that could explain why she's a model
Is she the actress in Good Deeds?
I agree its a great movie. I love Tyler Perry
Alien : Covenant and All The Money in the World are his latest movies
He has done Alien:Covenant
All the Money in the World is a crime thriller starring Michelle Williams ,Christopher Plummer ,Mark Wahlberg, Romain Duris
His other latest movies are Mile 22, Instant Family
You are welcome, Enjoy !
I do not know, but I love her when she was on the Voice as a Judge, did you know that she composed for Love in the Time of Cholera a romance film?
I do not know but I know it was a book first and Shakira won an award for it
American Music Award for Favorite Latin Artist
It was an interesting book by Neil Gaiman. Did you know it was also an animated film starring Keith David and John Hodgman?
It was considered a dark fantasy horror film. Do you like that sort of film?
I don't know of too many of them, but there is a Japanese one called Wicked City.
It was released in 1987 and is about a young warrior battling a city of demons. I hope you enjoy it if you watch it.
Okay Margaret Atwood wrote The Year of the Flood
Wilson Rawls wrote the children's book Where the Red Fern Grows
He also wrote a book called the Summer of the Monkeys
It was released in 1976
Can I help you with anything else?
Glad to be of assistance!
Did you like it because it is a Romance novel? It was written by Nicolas Sparks if you're looking for something from the same author.
He wrote The Choice, and Safe Haven. Both of those are in the Romance genre.
He also wrote The Lucky One which was made into a film. Have you read that?
No problem, enjoy.
Sure. He actually wrote the classic Moby Dick
Yes. It was. Another classic called The House of the Seven Gables was written that same year. I highly recommend both!
You are most welcome.
There are several books by P.D. Eastman. Here are two suggestions for you; A Fish Out of Water and Are You My Mother. Do you like Children's Literature?
It is. You may also like Go, Dog, Go! which is that same genre.
Actually no. P.D. Eastman is a protégé of Dr. Suess.
Bob Peck is an actor, some of his movies are Surviving Picasso, Smilla's Sense of Snow, Slipstream, Lord of the Flies
It is a biography movie. Are you interested in this movie?
Anthony Hopkins, Natascha McElhone, Julianne Moore, Joss Ackland, Peter Eyre are some of the actors who starred in this movie.
The Sicilian and The Last Don are both great choices.
Yes they are very similar books
Your welcome.
Danny Boyle wrote and directed 127 Hours, as well as Trance and Trainspotting. Have you seen these movies?
James Franco starred in 127 Hours with Aron Ralston and Kate Mara in 2010.
It's an adventure, thriller, drama and survival film. I am sure you will like this movie.
He is in the movie Troy
The movie Mr and Mrs Smith
killing them softly
Ray liotta
sounds good
Fantastic 4: Rise of the Silver Surfer starred Ioan Gruffudd, Chris Evans,and Andre Braugher. This movie has genres Sci-Fi, action, Adventure. Do you like those genres?
Chris Evans also starred in The Avengers, Gifted, Avengers: Infinity War, and Captain America: The First Avengers.
Your're welcome! Enjoy the movies.
Was that at the London Summer Olympics in 2012?
Oldboy is written by Park Chan-wook. Park Chan-wook directed Stoker which is similar.
According to goodreads.com Clive Barker and Robin Jarvis might pique your interest.
Deathscent in Robin's latest . Do you enjoy Fantasy books?
Fantastic, Then don't forget to check Lyra's Oxford by Phillip Pullman, just in case you haven't read all his books yet.
Stanley Corngold wrote Die Verwandlung.
No.
Is this the movie that Mike Colter starred in?
Well, Ann Dowd also starred in this movie. Did you know that she also starred in The Forgotten?
Yeah, he also starred in The Ten Commandments as well.
Are you interested in Scott's films?
Glad to be of service
I know it is written by Robert Wade. Have you seen it?
Daniel Craig and Martin Campbell star in the movie.
No, it was released 12 years ago in 2006.
No, it was a movie.
Your welcome.
Cloud Atlas is a great movie for Sci-Fi Genere. Cloud Atlas was directed by Tom Tykwer
Aeon Flux starring Charlize Theron,it's genre is sci fi and action
Charlize Theron played in The Burning Plain, starring Jennifer Lawrence and Danny Pino.
Is there any other topics you would like to discuss?
Thank you
Sure, some good thrillers I think you may enjoy are Saw V and Fatal Attraction
You're welcome, let me know if there's anything else I can help you with
Absolutely, how about The Dark Hours, The Crying Game or The Conversation; these are all juicy psychological thrillers
Great, I'll get that for you right now.....
Sure, the author Ken Follett is very prolific. Are you a fan of thrillers?
You might also enjoy The Constant Gardener or The Day of the Jackal if you like that genre.
Yes, of Charles de Gualle, released in 1973. If you like that one you might also enjoy the Odessa File.
Yes, she wrote The Diary of a Young Girl. Are you interested in autobiographies?
Have you read he Rise of Theodore Roosevelt or the Bell Jar?
Yes, The Rise of Theodore Roosevelt won a Pulitzer Prize for Biography or Autobiography. Would you like more modern autobiographies, as well?
Great, I hope you enjoy it.
If you like the adventure aspect of that movie, you may enjoy A Time to Kill. Have you seen that?
Matthew McConaughey, Oliver Platt, and Kevin Spacey are all in that movie. They are great actors. Is that something that would interest you?
He was also in the movie, Dazed and Confused. Have you seen that?
It is a good movie, I think you will enjoy it.
Sure, he wrote Surf's Up. Are you a fan of comedies like that one?
If you like comedies, you might also enjoy Frozen. Have you seen that one?
Great I'll add it to your watch list.
Dan Brown wrote many books but is known best for writing Angels & Demons which became a movie shortly after being published.
He has directed many movies, including We Are Marshall and This Means War.
It is, similar to the movie The Game of Their Lives. Have you seen either of them?
Yup, she also wrote Courage, which is more of a drama.
Sure do! Lovie Smith used to coach them. Are you a Tampa Bay Buccaneers fan?
Lovie Simith was a linebacker when he played, just like Terry Crews. But, he's way too old to be one now. Although, he did use to coach the Bears.
No worries. I'm a Bears fan, so I remember when he used to coach us. But, I think it's amazing how Terry Crews was able to reansition from Football to acting, and starred in Training Day with Snoop Dogg.
I don't really follow soccer honestly, and on the rare occasion I watch it it's usually men's not women's. Do you like soccer?
Football is my absolute favorite, then baseball. Is soccer your favorite?
The Red Sox are my team, I'm from MA. What is yours?
Scream 2, the sequel starring Tori Spelling and Sarah . Scream 3 4
Yes. Jamie Kennedy starred in Scream 1,2 and 3.
You are welcome. Is that all for today?
You are welcome.
The Matrix was written by Andy Wachowski. He also wrote V for Vendetta. Does that interest you?
Hugo Weaving plays V and Natalie Portman also stars in this film.
You could call it an adventure film and a political thriller.
Tintenherz is written by Anthea Bell. would you like to know other books from this author?
Anthea Bell also wrote Cinderella. is this something you are interested in reading?
children fairytale
King Kong is a romance genre film ad stars Naomi Watts. Want to know more?
Naomi Watts also starred in The Painted Veil which was written by Ron Nyswaner.
The Painted Veil also stars Sally Hawkins and Toby Jones and it is a Romance Film.
YOu are welcome. Have a good day.
Yes, he is a singer/songwriter, actor, and an artist. He also wrote, The Five Love Languages: How to Express Heartfelt Commitment to Your Mate. Are you interested in that?
I don't have access to the genre but other singer/songwriters are Tori Amos, Tommy Lee, and Tim O'Brien
I'm not seeing anything by Tori Amos. But, I am seeing a lot of information on Gary Chapman. Would you like information on him?
Gary Chapman was born in Waurika, the United States, and began his career in Nashville
I have not seen any movie by him , so don't know much
Sorry i Dont know much about Frank Capra
ok wow not read about Wonderful life
Its very old movie from 1946
Marion Wiesel wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign
arstria
yes
yes
digital
That's a great crime movie. Christian Bale and Jennifer Lawrence were very good in that one.
It's crime fiction. If that interests you The Girl with a Dragon Tattoo is another good one.
I'm having trouble finding that right now. Can I recommend the author Woody Herman?
It was written by Woody Herman. It's in the musical genre.
You're welcome.
I do not know much about them, only that the coach is Mike Shanahan, and the team is owned by Dwight Schar
I do not like American Football, maybe I like more Tennis
Yes, it is great sport, even if you play and you are not good at it like me, it is fun
Have you seen Friday Friday by F. Gary Gray? That's a good comedy movie.
Easy is written by Tammara Webber. Do you like books by this author?
Im, sorry. Which book would you like to know about? I can give you some titles with the genre drama if you would like
OK. Tammara Webber wrote Between the Lines, Breakable, and Where You Are
You are very welcome. Is there anything else I can help with right now?
Great! Enjoy your book
Sure! He directed The Good German, which was written by Joseph Kanon. Have you seen it?
George Clooney and Beau Bridges starred in it. They are great actors! Do you like their work?
Monuments of Men is another War film that Clooney stars in. If you decide to watch The Good German and you enjoy it, you should try that one too.
No problem! I am glad to be able to help. Enjoy the movies!
Yes. Alan Moore wrote Watchmen, V for Vendetta, Saga of the Swamp Thing. Just to name a few.
V for Vendetta was release on 3/17/2006
no problem
Richard J Dunn wrote the novel Wuthering Heights. Would you like to know more about this book?
The novel talks about mental and physical cruelty in the Victorian days. Do you like Gothic fiction? I have other examples if you want to hear them.
You will enjoy it!
Of course! The Eye of the World is a Speculative fiction novel written by Robert Jordan. It is the first book in a series, the next book in the series is New Spring. Have you read this one yet?
She wrote Rules of Attraction and Return to Paradise. What kind of books do you like?
It was released in 2010 as part of a series with Perfect Chemistry. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes, You might also enjoy Will Grayson. It was also released in 2010.
You're welcome!
I would recommend the Twilight series or Vampire Academy series.
Stephanie Meyer wrote Twilight and Richelle Mead wrote Vampire Academy
Its a genre caller Frostbite wich is a mix of; young adult, dark fantasy, urban fantasy and paranormal romance.
You're welcome!
He wrote The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club, Christmas Carol. Is those sound apealling to you?
Yes, he was. You might also like Oliver Twist and Great Expectations also wrote by Charles Dickens
If you like History I would suggest The Wordy Shipmates written by Sarah Vowell.
Yes, it is. It is a Non-Fiction. Great history. Anything else I can help with?
Enjoy !!
Peter Segal is a well-known director with an impressive list of accomplishments! A couple of his most famous films are The Longest Yard and 50 First Dates.
I'm not sure, but if you like Adam Sandler, might I suggest his films Happy Gilmore and Jack And Jill? He also wrote the latter!
Two of my favorite actors, Carl Weathers and Ben Stiller star in the zany golf film. I highly recommend it! One of Sandler's best.
He is in Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them by JK Rowling. Do you like her?
She wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard, which is considered children's literature. Of course, she wrote the Harry Potter series.
It is considered speculative fiction.
Sure. Newt Scamander wroke Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
Correct. Newt Scamander also appeared in Harry Potter.
Yes, Fantastic Beasts and where to find them is considered Speculative fiction. There is a book and a movie.
He was in Traffic and Seabiscuit. Have you seen them?
Traffic is a crime drama and Seabiscuit is a sports drama. Do you like either genre over the other?
Well, then I suggest you give Traffic a look.
You're welcome
He is a Spanish soccer player. Are you a fan of him?
Sergio Ramos is the captain of the team. I heard they recently beat osnia and Herzegovina, 1-0.
You're welcome.
The Hangover Part II was written by Todd Phillips who starred in Due Date. Does that sound interesting?
Sorry i'm unsure of the release date but that movie had Robert Downey Jr. and Juliette Lewis in it.
You're very welcome!
Yes, that is staring Rachel McAdams and Owen Wilson.
It is a Romance Film. Do you like Romance Films?
I do too. Do you have any recomendation?
I have not seen that I will have to check it out!
Persuasion is a book similar to Mansfield Park.
Jane Austen wrote Persuastion as well as Mansfield Park.
Persuasion was released in 1817 six months after Jane Austen had died.
I do, actually.. It was written by Michael Markowitz and Jonathan M. Goldstein.
She did. She also starred in Horrible Bosses 2 and The Accidental Husband.
I agree! He's a great actor.
I like him, he is Swiss professional tennis player.
No that much, sometimes when there is a competition between famous tennis players, how about you?
Yes, I like Grigor Dimitrov, he is a Bulgarian tennis player and, he is very good
She wrote Inkheart, a family novel. Do you like that genre?
Shel Silverstein is an amazing family writer.
I have read everything, back when I was a kid. You should check them out.
Sure! Gary Paulsen wrote The River and Hatchet. Have you read any of them?
The River has genre Science Fiction. Do you like Science Fiction?
You will like The River because its genre is Thriller.
You're welcome!
Sure! He directed Real Steel which starred Evangeline Lilly. It's a good one!
Olga Fonda Phil LaMarr, among others!
It has a few producers, two of them being Susan Montford and Shawn Levy himself.
It was directed by Brian DePalma. Do you like his films?
His film Redacted in Crime Fiction
Happy viewing!
Machine Gun Preacher is amazing and highly recommended.
Wayne Rooney is a forward on the England national football team
Yes, the Wembley Stadium was used in The London 2012 Summer Olympics too
Sure Carmine Infantino,and Benjamin Franklin.
Poor Richard's
Sure
Lionel Messi the Argentinian football player is one of the best in the world.
I did not know that, but it makes sense that he won a European award since he plays fro Barcelona.
Did you know that Bojan Krkic plays as a forward and a midfielder?
I have, and I heard he is playing for Liverpool F.C. now.
I haven't read it. That's written by Patrick Rothfuss, right?
Did you know he also wrote The Slow Regard of Silent Things
Full of secrets and mysteries, The Slow Regard of Silent Things is the story of a broken girl trying to live in a broken world.
you're welcome!
Yes. Elite was Written by Kiera Cass and released in 2013.
Have you seen The Guard?
I am sorry, I am not seeing anything for that year. anything else I can help you with?
Calexico from the record label EMI.
It is classified as alternative Country.
Well, The Social Network was written by Aaron Sorkin? Are you a Sorkin fan?
His most recent movie is called The Hummingbird Project. Have you seen it yet?
September it debuted in the Toronto Film Festival. I guess, it won't be out until next year. But when it comes out you should go see it.
You're welcome.
Yes, I do. It was written by Robert Louis Stevenson and released in 1882. Have you read?
It is a comedy. Also released in 1882 was Die Frohliche Wissenschatt written by Friedrich Nietzsche. A great book
It is a great book. Anything else I ca assist you?
I dont have this information at the moment. Sorry
I did like the movie, Danny Aiello is in it.
The Purple Rose of Cairo is a greta movie he is in.
Yes the second one, alongside Roger Corman.
Your welcome.
Are you interested in World War II Stories? Are you looking for books with the same author?
You might like The Book Thief of Markus Zusak. He is a German-Australian author.
No, it was published in 2005 and is a bestseller. I can really recommend it!
Enjoy your literature! The boy in The striped Pajamas is a good one as well!
Are you looking for other Disney movies?
Other popular Disney movies are The Princess and the Frog, The Little Mermaid, and The Lion King.
It was released in 1994.
You're welcome! Enjoy your movie.
Hemingway is great. You could try A Farewell to Arms or For Whom the Bell Tolls. His short stories are popular too, especially Hills Like White Elephants.
There's also The Old Man and the Sea, which has been made into a film more than once.
In 1990. It stars Anthony Quinn and Gary Cole. The 1958 version features Spencer Tracy.
Is there anything else I can suggest?
OK.
You mean the American Footballer?
Well, I can't say much about him. What of the comedy Jerry Maguire? Do you like it?
He's alright, makes me laugh now and then
Buck's alright, but I'm more into Zoe Saldana.
Yes, Stephen Root starred in White Oleander, Unthinkable and The Soloist. Do you like his movies?
White Oleander had Patrick Fugit, Robin Wright,Marc Donato and Cole Hauser in it.
The genre for White Oleander is novel, fiction and Bildungsroman
The book by C.S. Lewis? No I do not, but I can tell you a bit about it.
I believe it was released in the 1960s. C.S. Lewis is more well known for his Lion Witch and the Wardrobe books- the Chronicles of Narnia. Have you heard of them?
This was a prior writing, released in 1949.
This is the story of the Family von Trapp. I will send it. I hope they like it!
Yes! He has starred in many Action movies, including The A-Team, Open Grave, and Oldboy.
I know that Mike Woodson is the coach but they are fun to watch especially at The Madison Square Garden
Yes it is a spectacular view, 1994 they were the runner ups for the NBA Finals. Have you been to a NBA playoff game?
Well, with good reason cause they are not usually very good huh? Do you like basketball or other sports?
John Berendt has written best-selling books Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil, The City of Falling Angels, and The Lady & Sons Savannah Country Cookbook.
The Lady & Sons Savannah Country Cookbook was released in 1998.
You're always welcome. Is there anything else that I can help you with?
Any time!
John Green wrote and produced the movie, which was a mini-series on Hulu.
John Green has written other novels such as The Fault in our Stars, and Paper Towns, which both became movies!
Yes, he did write Will Grayson, Will Grayson. Fun fact; Will Grayson, Will Grayson is his only novel that has not been made into a movie.
My pleasure!
Isn't he a football player in Germany?
He also won a Bravo Award. I think that's awesome!
I agree, especially with forward players like Wayne Rooney & Victor Anichebe.
I agree!
He wrote, starred and directed Rango. Do you like westerns?
The Lone Ranger is another western that he directed. Have you seen it?
You're welcome. I think you'll enjoy it.
The Prestige was written by Jonathan Nolan and directed by Christopher Nolan
It is a drama film starring Hugh Jackman
Christopher Nolan also directed Memento which is a drama film
Memento stars Thomas Lennon and Callum Rennie
The only movie written by Christopher Nolan that Thomas Lennon starred in is Memento
no problem, enjoy!
He wrote such works as The Wonderful Wizard of Oz and Ozma of Oz among other works of Oz. Would you like to know more?
Yes as well as Speculative Fiction and Children's Literature.
Yes, Dragonfly in Amber is next in that series and The Sea of Trolls is also speculative fiction.
Dragonfly in Amber was, she also wrote Drums of Autumn and Written in my own hearts blood
I do not see any from her but there is Kiss of the Highlander, Crescendo and Sea Glass in the Romance genre
Absolutely, Good Day
Kate Winslet starred in The Holiday which is a Comedy-drama Film.
im not sure about that but i think you should check out The Pillars of the Earth, which stars Sarah Parish.
The Pillars of the Earth has genre Thriller. are you into thriller movies?
well im sorry i dont have much info about this genre, but did you know The Pillars of the Earth is starring Eddie Redmayne
yes she does star in this movie with him. Eddie Redmayne also starred in The Yellow Handkerchief
Yes- I absolutely love Sci-Fi movies. And I saw it. It was really heartwarming and clever.
Have you seen the X-Men movie Wolverine? It's awesome.
Sure- It's a 2006 movie directed by Brett Ratner, and is of course in English like all the X-Men Movies.
That's difficult to assess-- it depends on how much you like action movies. There are good graphics and lots of CG, so it's pretty exciting.
It stars Nona Gaye who also appeared in Crash.
It was released in 2005, and was directed by Lee Tamahori.
Sure, it's written by Sarah Dessen and is considered young adult fiction. Are you a fan of this genre?
Absolutely, some other young adult fiction works include Steel Scars and The Outsiders.
Sure, here are some books by Levithan that you may enjoy; Everyday, The Lover's Dictionary, and Hold Me Closer
Sure! She's written The Great Gilly Hopkins, Jacob Have I Loved and Bridge To Terabithia. Do you recognize any of those titles?
It is more of a Young-Adult book. It's about an eleven year old girl. Similar to The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
Elizabeth George Speare wrote The Witch of Blackbird Pond. If you're interested, she also wrote The Sign of the Beaver and The Bronze Bow.
Yes, I love it. Ocean's Twelve is written by George Nolfi.
Ocean's Twelve is starring Topher Grace,Mini Anden and Matt Damon, you will love it.
It has genre Comedy, if you like comedies.
Yes, you are absolutely right. I've been following him since he was playing in the Borussia Dortmund.
Yes, I do. I am huge fan. My favorite team is the Bayern Munich because James Rodrigues plays here and he's from my home country. What team do you like the most?
Well, that's not a bad choice. I like them too.
Paul Sorvino is an American born in Brooklyn. He starred in various films such as The Rocketeer, The Firm and The Devil's Carnival to name a few. What is your favorite movie of his?
I do, Jack Thorne wrote Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, Parts One and Two. He also starred in This Is England '86. Are you familiar with his work?
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child is actually a stage play with the genres fantasy and drama. It was released in 2016. J.K. Rowling also took part in writing it!
It looks like he is mainly a playwright and screenwriter as well as television producer.
Done! Enjoy!
She wrote Snow Flower and the Secret Fan, Peony in Love and China Dolls.
It was released in 2014 and is about chinese girls.
See is very connected to China in her literature, Snow Flowers and Peony in Love both are about the lives of Chinese Women in 19th and 17th century.
enjoy!
Are you a fan of Quentin Tarantino films?
Have you seen Reservoir Dogs, Hateful Eight or Django? They are all Tarantino films.
It stars Jamie Foxx as a freed slave who hires a bounty hunter to help rescue his wife from a plantation owner. Keri Washington and Leonardo DiCaprio are in it as well.
Released in 2006, Flickan som lekte med elden was written by Steig Larsson.
Yes he also wrote the Girl with the Dragon Tattoo trilogy.
Released in 2005, The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo was followed by two additional books.
Can I help you with anything else?
Thank you.
I do! Michael Parks starred in Wicked, Tusk and The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford.
Of course. Wicked has the genre of thriller and stars Vanessa Zima and Patrick Muldoon. Would you like to know more about one of these actors?
Wonderful. Anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome, have a great day!
Sure, He also wrote the book Magic Trip. Have you read it?
I think if you liked his work in that you should try Magic Trip. You are sure to like it.
Enjoy!
He's a good point guard in the NBA. Do you like him?
Oh wow, I didn't know that. I agree Michael Jordan is the greatest. I really like Bill Murray in that movie he was funny.
Yes, Harold Ramis wrote Stripes and Ghotsbusters probably why they were so good!
Yes, he did. ANd Dan Aykroyd was influenced by Mike Myers.
Yes, Rob Cohen is a director whose films include The Boy Next Door and The Fast and the Furious
Yes, that is correct. Are you a fan of Vin Diesel? I can recommend some movies he has been in.
Yes he was great in that. Some other action films that Vin Diesel has starred in are XXX and Chronicles of Riddick. I think you may like these.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I like the "The Voyage Of the Dawn Treader.
Hello, Oh yes I do he played in What Lies Beneath and that was such a great movie
There are a few movies that Joe Martin played in. He did a great job in that film as well. The movie also had Wendy Crewson in it and she is a very good actress. Did you see the movie?
Oh yes I highly recommend that movie, I think you will like it if you like them types of suspense films.
I think Eli Manning is a pretty good quarter back for them. However, I prefer the Patriots. Do you watch football regularly ?
Tom Brady is the quarterback for the Patriots. I try to keep up on them, but don't always get a chance to watch the games. What do you prefer to watch when you do watch TV?
I enjoy movies as well, we are horror fanatics in our home.
The Paris Wife is written by Paula McLain. She's also written the book Love and Ruin, named one of the best books of the year by the Washington Post.
Circling the Sun is a historical fiction, released in 2015. It's been nominated for the Good Reads Choice Awards. Would you like some suggestions for Historical Fictions like this one?
At the Water's Edge is another Historical Fiction I think you might enjoy. It was written by Sara Gruen and has also received a nomination for the Good Reads Choice Awards!
My pleasure! Enjoy!
Mulholland Drive is written by David Lynch. David Lynch wrote Eraserhead. what else can i do for you today?
Jack Nance starred in Eraserhead. anything else i can answer today?
Eraserhead has genre Science Fiction. what else can i do for you?
you are welcome
Sure! His best known directing credit is "The Fault in Our Stars."
There are more than one in fact. The noteworthy ones are Shailene Woodley and Sam Trammell.
It falls under the Romance genre. Other example movies include "Zookeeper" and "You've Got Mail."
You're welcome! I'm glad I could help!
It's a great War style movie. Hotel Rwanda is starring Tony Kgoroge. Tony Kgoroge starred in Mandela: Long Walk to Freedom and Lord of War. Perhaps you would like those?
Nelson Mandela was the great author of Long Walk to Freedom.
Hmm, I'm not showing that information. Apocalypse Now, written by John Milius, might be something you'd like tho.
Enjoy!
Sure. She wrote Where You Are, Easy, and Breakable
2011 is when that was released.
We'll Always Have Summer was also released, and that is a wonderful book
It is Writen By Norton Juster
He starred in Twins of Evil, Torture Garden, and Top Secret. Would you like to know more?
He also starred in the Vampire lovers, The Skull and The revenge of Frankenstein.
Jimmy Sangster wrote and it came out in 1958
Great, if you need anything else just ask. Have a great day
Sure, Peter Gallagher was in While You Were Sleeping. Did you know he was also in a recurring role in the television series The O.C.?
Rick Worthy stars in it. You may know him for his roles in Richie Rich and Holes. He was also in Collateral Damage.
David Griffiths wrote Collateral Damage. He also wrote The Hunted which stars Tommy Lee Jones. I highly recommend both of those.
YOu're very welcome!
Yes, Yaphet Kotto starred in such films as The Running Man and The Thomas Crown Affair
Yes it is an action movie, some other similar films you may like are xXx and X-Men
A few that come to mind are Fast & Furious 6 and Saving Private Ryan
You're very welcome
Hush, Hush is a Young Adult, Fiction novel written by Becca Fitzpatrick and released in 2009. Do you like Young Adult books?
Becca Fitzpatrick also wrote the hit young adult novel Crescendo, have you read this one yet?
Another great young adult novel she wrote that you may like is Silence, it was released in 2012. Have you read it?
Great! In 2010 Becca Fitzpatrick also released her hit book Finale. Have you read this one?
This book is written by Jeannette Walls
He wrote The Silver Star
It is a Fiction novel with great reveiws. Would you like to know another book?
Great
Escape from New York is a popular one.
He did and the producer was Debra Hill.
Yes, Used Cars is another movie that has Kurt Russel in it.
Yes she wrote The Secret which was a popular book which was then turned into a film!
Sure, William Greider and Steven Parkhouse are authors similar to her.
And the Band Played On: Politics, People, and the AIDS Epidemic is written by him. He is an American journalist. A lot of his work seems political.
Yes! John Ratzenberger has starred in Your Friend the Rat, Warlords of the 21st Century, and WALL-E. Are those of interest?
Sure! Your Friend the Rat is a 2007 short film also starring Lou Romano and Patton Oswalt.
Yes, it is an animated short film! Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
I have never read it but I have seen the movie version tho. It's really cute. Have you seen it?
Yeah. The Princess Diaries, The Polar Express, and The Big Bad Wolf are very good family movies. Have you seen any of these?
Your welcome.
That book was written by Lisa Genova in 2007. It was interesting.
Still Alice is about a woman who gets Alzheimer's disease. It was also a movie starring Julianne Moore. Did you see it?
Lisa Genova is also a neuroscientist.
Yes, it surely is.
He is the author who wrote the red house and the Curious incident of the dog in the night-time.
I don't know however the film 2012 is produced by Mark Gordon.
It is, indeed, and The Messenger Stars Woody Harrelson.
10-4 Rodger that! Have fun!
He starred in Here Comes the Boom. It was written by Kevin James. He also starred in Grandma's Boy. Have you seen those movies?
Allan Loeb and Salma Hayek also starred in it. It's a funny movie. Do you like Salma Hayek?
It has a bunch of great actors and actresses. I love funny movies. I am going to put that movie in my watch list, I would like to see it again.
Do you like historical period dramas or crime fiction movies?
Then you might enjoy Gone Girl or Nightcrawler.
It's from 2014 starring Rene Russo and Bill Paxton, among others.
You're welcome!
Yes, he was an amazing actor. He starred in movies like Two Hands, The Patriot, The Order, and his final movie, The Dark Knight
Sure. The Order was released in 2003
The Order also starred Benno Fürmann, Mark Addy, and Shannyn Sossamon. Mark Addy played the role of Fred Flintstone in a live action version of the Flintstones
No problem. Glad to help
It's written by Michael Lewis and John Lee Hancock. Ray McKinnon was stared in the movie. Do you like movies about football?
The Blind Side and Moneyball are very good sport drama movies. Have you seen it?
Sure. Money Ball is Columbia Pictures movie. Michael Lewis wrote the movie and edited by Christopher Tellefsen and produced by Brad Pitt!
Sure, it is a fiction written by Cassandra Clare. Are you looking for similar books?
Then you'll like Clockwork Angel, Lost Souls and The Shadowhunter's Codex. Have you read any?
Sure Cassandra Clare wrote Clockwork Angel, it is a young adult fiction. She wrote City of Lost Souls too, which is adventure.
Sure, enjoy the books.
He directed and wrote Y Tu Mama Tambien starring Maria Aura.
I think it was his brother Carlos Cuaron that directed Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
It was actually in Spanish. I guess you could call it a romance comedy.
anytime. I hope you enjoy it.
It was written by C.S. Lewis and it was releaased in 1952.
He wrote The Silver Chair, The Problem of Pain and The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe. Do any of those interest you?
I haven't read much of his either.
Oh, I love the Beatles! Paul McCartney wrote some good songs. Did you see that carpool karaoke with James Corden where they drive around Liverpool?
I haven't been there, but there are a lot of historic Beatle sites there, since that's where they originated. It would be fun to see.
I'm not much of a football (soccer) fan. Who's your favorite Beatle?
Yes, let's play some now!
She is wonderful. Did you know she wrote Wintergirls?
Lia and Cassie are best friends, wintergirls frozen in fragile bodies, competitors in a deadly contest to see who can be the thinnest. But then Cassie suffers the ultimate loss—her life—and Lia is left behind, haunted by her friend's memory and racked with guilt for not being able to help save her.
I certainly will!
yes, Hard and Cheers (Drink to That).
I did not. She has also been in movies like This is the End and Battleship.
It is a Science Fiction/Thiller. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Have you seen everything put together yet?
Marc Forster starred in Finding Neverland, you may like that.
It is a Drama/history. Might I also suggest Everything put together?
No Problem! Enjoy.
It is a War novel written by Suzanne Collins. I does also have a Young-adult Fiction genre. Does that seams appealing to you?
Suzanne also wrote the Hunger Games. This is a triller movie starring Lenny Kravitz directed by Gary ross
Yes she did. It was released in 2003. It is a classic Sci-Fi
Sure do! Jonathan Daton directed Little Miss Sunshine. I an adorable movie that will make you laugh.
Yes, he did, but I have not seen that movie because I am not very interested in movies about history. Have you?
I know Fanny Ardant was in Elizabeth. I love her as an actress and almost went to see Elizabeth just to see her in her part. What do you think of Fanny Ardant?
Sounds like we both should watch Elizabeth. :-)
Sorry I was not more helpful.
It is a teen drama written by Nicholas Sparks.
Yes, I also known him to write Two By Two, True Beleiver, and Three Weeks With My Brother. Do you like any of those books?
Yes, it is a drama and crime fiction as well. Do you like crime fiction stories too?
I'm sorry to say that I don't have any crime fiction stories in my database. I do have a tragedy called The Crucible if you're interested in that story.
Directed by Lana and Andy Wachowski and Executive producers as well as writers
Jada Pinkett Smith and also Laurence Fishburne were major stars in the film.
Mystic River was another good one he was in with Kevin Bacon, Sean Penn, Tim Robbins and Eli Wallach
I do not see any comedies that he was in at the moment, that will require further research. Sorry.
Clint Eastwood directed Mystic River and is wonderful actor himself.
Absolutely, Have a great day
Con Air, The Expendables 2, The Mechanic are some of his good movies
Yes, that was a good one. Most of his movies are thrillers
The most recently released in 2017 are Stratton and Gun Shy
Gun Shy is his first feature musical comedy featuring Antonio Banderas.
Great. Enjoy !
M.L. Steadman wrote The Light Between Oceans which came out in 2012. Have you read that one?
Yes, that was directed by Roland Emmerich. Are you a fan of his work?
Independence Day is the first one that comes to mind, but Emmerich was involved with quite a few major motion pictures. Would you like to hear about more of them?
No problem, enjoy.
My Cousin Rachel and Jamaica Inn were both written by Daphne du Maurier.
It is a romance and mystery film.
Jamaica Inn was released in 1936.
Your welcome.
I am a Steelers fan because I grew up in Pittsburgh, but don't really dislike the Packers since there isn't much of a rivalry.
Yeah, Heinz Field is pretty nice. I went to my first game back when they played in Three Rivers Stadium.
I would have to say Ben Roethlisberger, I remember all those tough years when we didn't have a solid QB.
I think Mike Tomlin is a pretty good head coach, but he makes some crazy decisions sometimes.
Let's hope so.
Not as a musician. However, I love his acting like when he starred in Time and Friends with Benefits.
That particular Justin Timberlake movie is a dance movie genre.
I think Chris Martin starred in it, but I'm not sure. Can you think of who else?
I think she is okay. Definitely a strong female role model. Her and Clay Aiken are still friends all these years after being on American Idol, do you like either of them?
I cant either, I only watched the show because my spouse did. I like Americas Got Talent with Tyra Banks as the host, have you seen it?
Yeah, Nick Cannon used to do it a few years ago. I still like Tyra Banks, better than her Top Model show, You like Tyra?
I think it was called Life Size, there is also a sequal
Not in the same genre. Joseph Sikora starred in The Watcher, which is a Thriller.
Yes, Shutter Island by Martin Scorsese is another great thriller.
It did! Can I help with anything else?
You are welcome!
Did you know Frances Mayer is a poet and author, she went to school at San Francisco State University?
You might enjoy Winnie Holtzman or Yukio Mishima
Great, you might also enjoy Wilfred Owen.
Station Eleven was released in 2014, the same year the novel "Food: A Love Story" was released.
I know he wrote The Bluest Eye
It is the genre fiction
Enter's Game and Deep Storm are both fiction books.
Orson Scott Card wrote Enders Game Watership Down is another fiction book
your welcome
Downfall is considered a Biography. Another good biography is I'm Not There.
Heath Ledger is that one. Excellent actor!
You are very welcome! Glad to help! Take care!
Andrew Stanton wrote Wall-E starring Pete Docter and Finding Nemo for The Walt Disney Company.
Jeff Garlin was in Toy story 3 and 4 as well as Daddy Day Care.
Lee Unkrich wrote Toy Story 3 and yes Whoopi Goldberg starred in it with Jeff Garlin and Don Rickles.
Do you like Drama books?
2012 is written by Harald Kloser and Roland Emmerich. Anymore facts you like to know?
2012 is produced by Larry J. Franco and Brian Grazer. It was a popular Disaster Film. Did you like 2012?
Anytime. Another Drama to watch or read I recommend is What's Eating Gilbert Grape.
He starred in Playing for Keeps. Have you heard of it?
It's a Romantic Comedy. Fun movie! Do you like this genre?
Sorry, I don't have that info. But, Dennis Quaid is in it!
Sure, Playing it now.
Yes, it was written by Martin McDonagh and starred Thekla Reuten.
Ralph Fiennes also starred and it was released in 2008.
Yes you're right. He co-starred with Steven Knight.
My Pleasure.
Sure, Chris Weitz directed the movie American Pie. Have you seen it?
Yes it was! Did you kno wit starred Chris Owen? He was great. Weitz also directed the drama A Better Life.
That's a great movie written by M. Night Shyamalan. Did you know he also makes a cameo in all of his films?
The Sea Inside is a good film he directs, it's a spanish film.
Yes I do, if you like the genres Short story, fiction, Fairy tale and Children's literature. It is a book written by Kristin Hannah and Hans Christian Andersen.
Summer Island, Home Front, Fly Away, Firefly Lane, and Distant Shores are some of her works. There is also the True Colors which is good.
Right now I do not have any info on True Colors, probably I could research and let you know later. How about 2001, that has a genre of Hip Hop, Music and Rap. Are you interested in Music genres?
I really liked him in the movie The Expendables 2. What about you?
The Expendables 2 released in 2012 features Sylvester Stallone and Terry Crews.
Sounds good, he is also a known tennis player who lost to Roger Federer.
I do! Bruce Willis is a great actor. Do you like Crime Fiction genre?
He did! The film Starred Richard E Grant and Lorraine Toussaint.
It was written by Theodore Lesieg and Dr. Seuss and has a genre Children's literature and it was released in 1957.
The Cat in the Hat is also written by both of them and has a genre Picture book and Children's literature and it was also released in the same year 1957.
They have written several books on Children's literature genre together. Dr Seuss also wrote There's a Wocket in My Pocket. Have you read it?
You are most welcome and you have a great day!
Yes, it stars Melissa Benoist.
Would you like more information about The Longest Ride?
Yes, it's also directed by George Tillman Jr. Have you seen any of his films?
Yes, it's a romantic drama.
No, but i did see Soul Food. Do you need help with more recommendations?
no problem
I don't know much about them. Everyone likes LeBron James, though! Even I know him.
I haven't seen him play in person, but I agree that it would be fun. Do you know when their next game is?
I might just have to check that out. My money is on the Lakers too!
Yes, Larissa Volokhonsky wrote Paccka3bl N ilobecth and Eeccbl.
It was a collaboration with Richard Pevear on War and Peace.
Ok, glad I could help, Enjoy!
Sure, do you prefer Romance or Post-Apocalyptic Fiction?
Me too! I have Tuck Everlasting, This Lullaby, and The Time Machine, to name a few. Any of those interest you?
I'm actually not sure, but I heard it was great.
No problem, hope I helped!
They are a pretty good team. Are they your favorite?
O.k., I can understand. What sport do you prefer?
Yes, quite Tragic to hear.
Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail and Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life from Dear Sugar are my favorite of her works! They are self help book. Do you read something like that?
I would say Brave Enough. If you still like it after read those Brave Enough is good follow up!
Enjoy. Have a good day!
Sure! It was written by my favorite J.K Rowling and released in 2013. Are you into her books?
Aside from that and the famous Harry Potter series, I like The Silkworm.
It's mystery, crime fiction.
You're welcome!
I do like him. I know he produced Reno 911!
That is correct.
I strongly recommend it. It's a good show.
Not any i know of
I really dont know of any
no
I do and she is my favorite of the two Williams sisters even though is has not won as much. Do you like Tennis and the Williams sisters?
I did see that even though it is not a must watch for me. Did you know that they have another sibling named Yetunde Price?
Nope, she doesnt lose many
The Lost Symbol is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks
Yes, it is produced by Ron Howard and written by Dan Brown. Tom Hanks is in it.
He did. That was good too.
Angels & Demons is a good thriller by Dan Brown
The Bourne Identity, which is the sequel
Great! Please enjoy
Awesome movie, starring Hugh Jackman and Ryan Reynolds.
You'll love the movie if you like Sci-Fi or action genre.
X-Men 2 is written by Stan Lee. Stan Lee starred in Iron Man 2. Have you seen it?
Robert Downey Jr. is a great actor, he also starred in The Incredible Hulk.
Sure. He wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles
I do not have that information.
I am not sure, but Thomas Hardy wrote The Return of the Native
Similar authors include Gareth Stedman Jones, Friedrich Hayek and David Sutton
David Sutton wrote Give and Take and Healing the Broken Brain
My pleasure. Please let me know if there is anything else I can do
Yes. We're the Millers is a great comedy, starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn.
He is also in the Odd Couple and Reno 911 series.
Is that part of the Batman series?
Sure, let me ask do you like Romance movies or Historical Fiction movies?
Since you like historical fiction movies I recommend you check out The Untouchables or The New World.
The Untouchables stars Kevin Costner & Sean Connery. It was released in 1987.
Welcome
Me too, The Last Song is written by Nicholas Sparks.
He wrote Every Breath, have you read it?
I love The Last Song most because is starring Miley Cyrus.
Certainly. Do you like Pop and the K-Pop genre?
She wrote Inkheart. Do you like fantasy movies?
I don't really know, but Inkheart is similar to The Golden Compass by Phillip Pullman. That was an excellent book and movie.
You're very welcome!
What about School for Scoundrels? I hear its a good one
David Cross and Horatio Sanz both acted in this movie.
No problem
Certainly! One of his most well-known works is Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. Did you know he wrote the book with J.K. Rowling?
It would be considered fantasy before other genres. The whole bizarre universe from the story was also created by Newt Scamander!
Glad to be of assistance!
I believe it is an actor of some sort. Sort of like Robert Duvall or Lisa Lopes. What else would you like to know?
Oh. I did not have access to that information. Would you like to know about Robert Duvall since I brought him up?
He is an actor that starred in The Godfather, The Conversation, The Paper and he is also a truck driver,
The Last Runaway and The Lady and the Unicorn.
2013 it was influnced by Toni Morrison.
2013 was alos the year they released If you Stay
Yes, it war written by Quentin Blake who also wrote Going Solo.
Yes, Quentin Blake also wrote the very popular children's book, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.
I do not know that.
You are welcome.
It's referred to as a club, but yes, it is. It's won five league titles. Are you a soccer fan?
I haven't read too much of his work. I did read some of the Sherlock Holmes books that he did. But The Valley of Fear and The Sign of Four are also very popular by him. Have you read those?
Sure, Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is considered Sci-Fi and some similar movies may include The Incredible Hulk and Resident Evil: Extinction
Absolutely, Stan Lee actually made a cameo in most of the Marvel films including Iron Man 3 and Thor
Yes, the main star in Iron Man 3 is Robert Downey Jr, and also includes Gwenyth Paltrow
You're very welcome
Howl's Moving Castle is a family movie and was written by Diana Wynne Jones and starred Jean Simmons and Christian Bale. Do you like the actors or because it's a family movie?
Jon Favreau is an actor and director. He starred in Iron Man 2.
He directed Captain America: The First Avenger. Do you like action movies?
You might like Captain America then. It is staring Hayley Atwell and Dominic Cooper.
Yes he is, it is a great sci-fi and adventure movie. You should check it out.
Glad to help!
Author Gillian Flynn also wrote Gone Girl. Do you like suspense and mystery books?
She also wrote Rogues. Have you read that one?
Yes, it was, and a very popular one. Another example of Flynn's writing is What Do You Do.
What Do You Do? was released in 2014.
Yes! Thuman Capote is one of my favorite novelists. He wrote in Cold Blood.
I would say Crime fiction. Do you like that genre?
If he enjoys the Adventure aspect, he might enjoy Indiana Jones and the temple of Doom or A.I. Artificial Intelligence.
Haley Joel Osment and Robin Williams.
Yes, it was directed by Steven Spielberg.
Certainly!
He wrote the Twilight series which was turned into movies as well, have you heard of it?
Yes it is!
By what facts I am pulling up it says he wrote Twilight: The Complete Illustrated Movie Companion, New Moon: The Complete Illustrated Movie Companion, and Eclipse: The Official Illustrated Movie Companion.
Of course! I hope you enjoy.
He directed Seven Psychopaths
It stars Tom Waits and the genre is crime
No problem
It shows that people that liked this book, also liked Gap Creek and Tara Road.
Gap Creek is by Robert Morgan, its set in the Nineteenth Century and its regarding the main characters new life.
You're welcome, is there anything else I can help you with?
You're Welcome!
I know he plays golf and is from Murrieta, but I don't watch too much golf. Do you watch him play?
That's about the only golf I enjoy as well, ha! Bob barker, Ben Stiller, and Adam Sandler always make great movies.
I loved her in Life of the Party!
Sure. She starred in The Situation, The Ice Harvest, and The Hunted
Shaun Evans costars with her as well as Damian Lewis
I am not sure what genre that movie is.
The 5th Wave written by Rick Yancey and released in 2013 has genre science fiction. It was also made into a film released in 2016.
The film is also titled The 5th Wave. The Last Star also written by Rick Yancey is another great science fiction book.
I enjoy reading very much so I like all genres. I would say mystery is my favorite. Can I recommend anything else for you?
Searching released this year is a pretty good mystery movie.
You're welcome. Enjoy.
I liked seeing her in the movie, Valentine's Day, as she is nice to see in addition to hearing her sing!
Wasn't Jessica Alba also in Valentine's Day as I remember?
Jessica Alba was also pretty good in Knocked Up, I would have to say.
Absolutely. He has played in Action movies like X-Men Origins: Wolverine, animated movies like Turbo and Rom Coms like The Proposal.
Of coarse. I've seen all the X-Men. So do prefer Ryan Reynolds as an action star?
Have you also checked him out in Dead Pool? That combines comedy and action. You can't beat that.
Enjoy the movie!
Who doesn't? Did you know he used to date Selena Gomez?
Sorry is my favorite song
Pop music is fun. Did you know he was in Men in Black 3?
Yes I would recommend Riddick with Vin Diesel
He was one of the Film Producers in that
Nolan Gerard Funk is an Artist and an Athelete which I find that very interesting as well and he was also born in Vancouver
grown up 2,blended,50dates
Dennis Dugan 2010 and grown up 2 was released in 2013 by the same director.
Blended Director was Frank Coraci, 50 Dates was directed by directed by Peter Segal
Sure, no problem!
He wrote The Hunchback of Notre-Dame and Les Miserables. Both havegenre in Romanticism
It was released in 1831 along side The sound of fury.
Yes, its a classic. It is, do you like Gothic Fiction?
Wonderful, you'll also like Year Heart Belong to Me the,
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, He wrote There Will Be blood. It is a drama. Do enjoy drama?
Yea, she has music similar to Calvin Harris and I like his music. Do you like him?
Yea, famous songs of his are We Found Love, and Where Have you Been.
Yes he is, did you know they're on the same record label Capitol Records?
Great choice in an actor! He has starred in Bobby and in Peter and Paul.
I'm sorry, I currently don't have the genre information on either of those.
Yes I do! Looks like Robert Foxworth, Raymond Burr, Jose Ferrer, Jean Peters and Herbert Lom. All are fantastic actors.
You're welcome! Do enjoy the movie.
I do, I think they're doing pretty well this season, do you agree?
The AFC South has some pretty tough teams. Do you think they have a shot at the Superbowl?
I agree, the Houston Texans may give them a run for their money.
I did before he hurt his hip and got whiny about the Celtics letting him go. He's still a good point guard when healthy. I think he was born in Tacoma. Is that correct?
Yes that is correct. He is currently on the disabled list. Do you like basketball movies? If so, you should check out Space Jam
That's true. Nothing like Bugs Bunny and Jordan together. Another basketball movie in a different genre is Hoosiers. Have you seen that?
The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet was written by Richard Andrews
I don't have access to that information, but the book was somehow written by Shakespear, Richard Andrews and Rex Gibson
Glad I could provide such interesting facts!
Yes, Simona is a female tennis athlethe.
You are right. I have never seen Venus and Serena play each other. Victoria lost her match with Venus.
Is Maris a model as well?
I'm a big fan of the National Football League and Coach Jim Caldwell is top notch, wouldn't you agree?
I think he also coached the Indianaopolis Colts, am I right?
I think it was right around the time of Super Bowl XLIV.
I do, he wrote the Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
That was released in 1886.
Horror and Psychological Thriller.
Twilight Eyes and The Long Walk are also very good.
Slim MacKenzie is the main character.
You got it. Enjoy.
Yes it was made into a family film and was directed by Chris Columbus. Would you like to know about other movies he has made?
I don't have that information, but you might be interested in The Sword in the Stone written by T.H. White and produced by Walt Disney Pictures.
Kenneth H. Blanchard wrote Who Moved My Cheese? is that some you are interested in?
Spencer Johnson also wrote Who Moved My Cheese, which was released in 1998.
Shiv Khera wrote You Can Win, and it was released in 1998.
you are welcome. also fun fact. 1998 was the year that The Simple Truth was released,
Two names come to mind, Leonard Peikoff and Ayn Rand. Do you know Ayn Rand?
Atlas Shrugged and Anthem were good books. Have you read them?
Absolutely, enjoy
There are a few similar books to Dracula. Do you want to hear about books written by Bram Stoker?
The Girl Next Door is a pretty good horror book.
Jack Ketchum wrote The Girl Next Door
He is an actor that was influenced by Jim Harrison
Absolutely, some books you may enjoy by Frances Mayes are Tuscan Sun and Bella Tuscany. Have you heard of these?
Sure, Under the Tuscan Sun is a romantic drama. Did you know that it was also adapted into a film?
You're very welcome.
Kill a Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee and genre Fiction
Am not sure of this
It's my pleasure
No, but I can recommend other Fiction books
I do, I love anything with Al Pacino and Robert DeNiro, have you seen it recently?
I have not but I can see that it stars Kevin Spacey who's a favorite of mine!
That's great, can I interest you in any additional information at all?
I'm not seeing any additional info for Beyond the Sea, but Michael Byrne also starred in Vampyres and Tomorrow Never Dies
He acts with co star Bessie Love in that one.
I hope I was of service!
Sure, he wrote Beowulf. He is influenced by William Shakespeare. Do you like William Shakespeare books?
It is a Fantasy movie.
It is in Old English. Some more titles are Wolf in White Van, Wild Fire.
He's been in a lot of movies! Any particular genre you were looking for that he starred in?
Of course, Lionheart, Cobra, The Terminator, and Mortal Kombat are among some of the actions he has starred in!
It is also known as an adventure film starring Lisa Pelikan, Harrison Page.
I am not sure who else starred in this film, but I can tell you what some of these other actors starred in if you like any of them.
He was also in Vixen, Beyond the Valley of the Dolls, and Arly Hanks!
Have a nice day!
Most definitely! He wrote Seven Psychopaths, In Bruges, and Six Shooter. Have you seen any of those ?
It has Brendan Gleeson, Gary Lydon, and David Wilmot. And was released in 2004.
It is in the drama genre, I would definitely recommend watching it!
I agree. Doesn't he play point guard position?
I meant to say shooting guard so that information would be correct. I usually only watch when Miami Heat plays. My spouse likes this team.
I do know much about the positions each player plays but wasn't Micheal Jordan a shooting guard?
The The Wise Man's Fear, written by Patrick Rothfuss, is Speculative fiction. Are you looking for this genre?
Sure! Did you know that it is part of a series? Alien 3 is also in that series. Have you seen it?
Yes. It is a horror genre film that he wrote and produced. Are you interested in that?
World War Z is another horror film. It stars Brad Pitt. Have you seen it?
No problem, glad to help. Enjoy the movie!
Yes, Graeme Simsion wrote this book and it was released in 2013.
Have you read the Rosie Effect? That is also written by her but it was released in 2014.
Yes that was released in 2014 as well along with The Thousand-Dollar Tan Line.
Sure. Antoine Fuqua directed Olympus Has Fallen which is a great action film starring Gerard Butler.
Rick Yune starred in Olympus has Fallen as well. It was produced by Danny Lerner.
War, Inc. was produced by Danny Lerner as well. John Cusack starred in the adaption comedy.
War Inc. was written by John Cusack.
I don't know much about him, but his wife Cameron Diaz, was in one of my favorite movies Vanilla Sky
I don't know of any other movies they were in together, but he was also in War of the Worlds.
I know Will's wife Jada Pinkett Smith is another one of his friends.
Definitely! The Catcher in the Rye is a classic and some other books I could recommend The Great Gatsby and To Kill a Mockingbird.
Sure, To Kill a Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee in 1960, do you enjoy classic literature?
I can definitely recommend Go Set a Watchman by Lee which was recently released in 2015.
Enjoy!
Clockwork Angel is a book written by Cassandra Clare, it's an Adult-Fiction novel with a bit of Romance. It was released in 2010.
Yes, it was. Have you read it? It's wonderful! I highly suggest it if you haven't.
You're very welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Well, I do have information that they are a team owned by George Steinbrenner and they are also a major Baseball league
Talking of heart attacks, who is prone to heart attacks more? Can you let me know?
Do you mean to say that thinner people survive without one? Can you please name a few of the personalities who have died of an heart attack?
That was what I thought, with high level stress people are prone to several diseases these days. Do you know any info about the musician and artist Tiny Tim?
I have never heard of him either. What about the names of some artists you are familiar with?
I don't have an opinion, I don't typically watch badminton. Do you?
Wasn't that one in Wembley Stadium?
I've never been to Europe, but would like to visit France. I wonder what their more popular sports are?
Do you mean the Young Adult Fiction written by Richelle Mead?
Sure, it is written by Steve Kloves and it is starring Stan Lee, Michael Papajohn and Martin Sheen
Steve Kloves wrote Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince
Yes, that 's right. Do you want to add the movie to my watch list?
Thank you!
Gillian wrote Sharp Objects
It is a fictional mystery suspense book!
Two for the dough could be a great book for you
You are very welcome,. happy reading
Sure, to narrow it down, do you prefer Political Thrillers, Psychological Thrillers, or Science Fiction?
Have you heard of God Emperor of Dune? It's part of the Heretics of Dune series.
Oh shoot, I don't seem to have that information, but I can try and recommend others if you want.
Any time. Enjoy!
Alright, it is a family comedy, do you like those kind of movies?
I am not sure that there are animals in it, but Zoolander 2 is a great comedy starring Ben Stiller and Justin Theroux.
Enjoy it, it is so funny!
Yes, it is written by Robert Jordan, it has a Speculateive fiction drama.
There's actually a sequel to the Wizard of Oz called Oz the Great and Powerful. It starred James Franco and Bruce Campbell.
I think you'll really enjoy it if you loved The Wizard of Oz!
Anytime!
Yes! Similar movies to Little Miss Sunshine are Soul Men, Serving Sara, and Mr. Bean's Holiday.
Sure! Serving Sara is a fun Road trip, slapstick movie starring Vincent Pastore.
No problem. I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I like the book and the movie. The writer Sara Guen is very good
I heard it was released in 2015, but I do not know anything about it. Could you tell me more about the book, please?
I know it was released 2010, and it is very good one.
I will check this one out, thank you!
Is there anything I can help you with?
Ok, Have a good day!
It was written Jamie McGuire and released in 2011. Do you like his books?
Sure! Your friend has good taste! He also wrote Overdrive.
You're very welcome!
Pulp Fiction stars John Travolta. Do you like movies starring that actor?
Yes, he also starred in Grease and Face/Off.
She was in the movie Walk the Line
Reese Witherspoon was also in that film. Would you like to know who else?
Joaquin Phoenix
Sure, he is influenced by J. G. Ballard. He has written Catch-22 which is a war novel. Do you like history genre or any other in particular?
I am not sure. Are they like the Brooklyn Nets?
No, actually I have always been loyal to the Los Angeles Lakers when it comes to nets.
Magic Johnson was certainly one!
He stared in the movie End of Watch and in Zodiac, which are crime movies.
End of watch was from 2012, did you know David Ayer was the producer?
David Harbour, Anna Kendrick, and Frank Grillo star in End of Watch.
The Judge and the Italian job are crime movies you might like.
He wrote The Phantom Tollbooth, published in 1961.
The Looking Glass Wars is a Fantasy Novel. Another is Wolf Brothers.
Yes, the next in the Series is Seeing Redd.
2004, same year that, You're the one that I want, was released.
Yes, she is a writer and wrote, The Mists of Avalon and The Forest House. Are you familiar with them?
I am not sure of the genre for that, but if you like fantasy novels, have you tried The Looking Glass Wars?
That is written by Frank Beddor. It is a children's literature fantasy.
No problem, I am glad to help. I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! He has starred in Your Friend the Rat and What If..
Kristy Swanson also stars in this movie. She's a great actress.
I unfortunately do not have any genre information for What If.. but Kristy Swanson has also starred in Big Daddy, which is a comedy you may like.
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
Have you read In her shoes or The Next Best Thing?
I believe this is comedy/ romance.
Sure, enjoy!
Yes of course, O Brother, Where Art Thou? is written by Joel Coen.
Joel Coen wrote Paris, je t'aime.
Paris, je t'aime was released 2007.
Absolutely!
Yes he starred in The Making of Star Wars, have you seen that?
Sure, he wrote We Are Water, The Hour I First Believed, and Wishin' and Hopin': A Christmas Story. Do any of these sound good?
It was released in 2009.
Wicked Appetite was released in 2010. Janet Evanovich wrote it. That was set in Salem, MA.
Yes, I have read One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest. Have you read that?
Do you like comics? I can tell you that Stan Lee wrote X-Men 2 which was turned into a movie.
Yeah, you're right. It was also starring Ian McKellen.
Yes, people who like him like Mark Wahlberg too.
Well, Kate Winslet is friends with and him and admired by the same movie goers that like Leo.
Well, Lukas Haas comes up in that category.
Whalberg and Hass starred together in a movie, Contraband.
I do not find any others with these two actors.
Okay, you are welcome.
Indeed I do! The Voyage of the Dawn Treader was written by C.S. Lewis and Pauline Baynes. It is a Fantasy!
C.S. Lewis also wrote The Silver Chair and The Lion, The Witch, and The Wardrobe. Have you read those?
I do! The Silver Chair is a fantasy/speculative fiction. The Lion, The Witch, and The Wardrobe is a children's literature/fantasy.
Yes, he wrote District 9, an amazing feature. He was born in Johannesburg.
It is a thriller. Another example would be Shark Night, with Katharine McPhee.
Indeed she was
Enjoy the film!
Yeah, she has not been in the news a lot since Call Me Maybe was a huge hit. She actually is on Canadian Idol nowadays.
Honestly, it's the only song I know of her. It's a classic in teen pop.
Was good talking to you.
I believe he is a player on the Mexico National Football team.
I am not sure who else is on the team with him. I do know he plays the forward position.
I believe he is from Guadalajara. I know he was a player for C.D. Guadalajara at one point.
Oh I love his movies. He directed There's Something About Mary and Stuck on You, to name a few. Do you love comedies?
I think he also directed Me, Myself & Irene, and The Three Stooges. Those should also be in your top 20!
Oh shoot, I can't find that information, but I know his brother Peter co-wrote it.
Okay, great. Enjoy!
Yeah, he is having a comeback from what I heard.
He currently plays for the Timberwolfs.
He used to play for the Bulls.
Oh yes, it was written by Lois Lowry, and falls in the historical fiction genre. Is that your type of interest?
It sure is, she wrote The Little House and Mike Mulligan and His Steam Shovel which fall in that category.
No problem, those are good places to start.
Sure do you like fantasy books?
The Witches is a good fantasy! Also BFG which is very popular!
She also wrote James and the Giant Peach, it is a popular book and was turned into an movie!
1996 it came out!
You are welcome, I hope you enjoy.
Will Grayson is written by John Green. John Green wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
John Green wrote Let It Snow: Three Holiday Romances that you may find worth reading.
No problem.
The Firm written by John Grisham. I would recommend The Partner, The Last Juror or The Appeal. Very good books.
It's a Fiction/Children's literature. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Of course. Aldous Huxley wrote The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell, Island, and Brave New World.
Yes it was.
Yes, The Last Battle was released that same year. It was written by C.S. Lewis.
You're very welcome.
Yes, Cao Chi wrote the book A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes. Have you read this?
That is the only book I know from him. I know some similar from Stephen Hawking. Do you like to know those?
Stephen Hawking also wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes. The Grand Design is book that many suggest is the best from Stephen Hawking.
Do you want to know what year The Grand Design released?
Very well, have a good day and be sure to check out The Grand Design.
Sure, she was in Sneakers and Scream 4. Are you a fan of Action/Adventure movies?
Do you like his movies? He was also in The Horse Whisperer and Lions for Lambs.
Oh then you will also like Scoop and North, she's in both of those movies.
They are both comedy-dramas.
Sure! David Sedaris wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames, Squirrel Seeks Chipmunk: A Modest Bestiary, and SantaLand Diaries. Have you read any of these?
I am not sure of the genre but I do know it was released in 2008
Yes that one was also released in 2008!
I hope you enjoy it!
I do as well, did you ever watch her in the show Victorious?
I really liked that album, I think she is an amazing singer. Have you heard any of her new stuff?
God is a Woman is one of my favorites!
One of my favorites is the classic movie Mrs. Doubtfire, it is a comedy also starring Pierce Brosnan.
You should check it out if you like comedies. He also produced the movie as well.
I don't believe she was in it, but she did write it!
You should for sure! Enjoy.
Sure, do you like Dough Liman? He directed this movie.
Yes he is! It is a thriller starring Sean Penn and Sam Shepard!
Of course! Shark Night is a great thriller! Katharine McPee and Joshua Leonard are in it!
Enjoy!
He is very popular for writing The Crucible, have you read or seen it?
It is a Tragedy/drama. It's about a witch hunt and was released in 1996
The Return of the Native and The Fall of the House of Usher are good tragedies.
Mark Damon, Vincent Price, and Myrna Fahey to name a few.
you're welcome
Doen
He plays for the Oklahoma City Thunder. Do you like basketball?
I know the Seattle Supersonics first drafted Russell in 2008. Did you know he was from Oklahoma?
I be;ieve he is a point guard. His number is #0
Mary directed America Psycho very famouse
Mary has directed alot of thriller like American Psycho do you wnat to know who stared in it
It stared Sarren Aronofsky
19998
Yes, there are a few movies like "The Lord of the Rings:The Fellowship of the Ring" such as Harry Potter: The Prisoner of Azkaban.
I'm not familiar with the book, but the movie was written by Andy Wachowski, who also produced V for Vendetta.
He also co-wrote Speed Racer.
Yes, he is a director who directed such films as Flightplan and Allegiant.
Naomi Watts and Theo James star in that movie.
Its definitely an action thriller. You should enjoy it!
M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans. It was released in 2012.
It is classified as a disaster film directed by Roland Emmerich. Does that genre interest you?
I'm sorry I don't. but another very good similar film released in 2012 is Broken Harbor.
You're very welcome.
Andy Tennant is an American director and actor. Were you interested in movies that he took part in?
Some of the more popular include Fool's Gold, Sweet Home Alabama and Hitch.
Fool's Gold stars Ewen Bremner and Adam LeFevre, which falls into a Romance/adventure genre.
That is correct, along with Kate Hudson and Kevin Hart.
Sounds great, I hope you enjoy it!
He is an American journalist who has written several books and articles
Turbulent souls, Super Freakonomics are some of teh good ones
You are welcome
I do! It was written by Paul Schrader, do you enjoy his movies?
Raging Bull and American Gigalo are similar and also written by Paul Schrader.
You're welcome!
I know he is a midfielder for Uruguay national football team.
Yes he did.
He played WInger in the 2012 Summer Olympics
The team is owned by Robert Kraft. Tom Brady is their Quarterback and Bill Belichick is their head coach
Yes I do. What book was the Half Blood Prince in that series? It seems I can't remember
I forget how many books was in that series. Was there seven books in that series or eight?
I guess that's where I get confused. J.K. Rowling is a great author. Thanks for the help
It is a movie written by Joel Coen and based of writings of Homer.
Are you asking about O Brother, Where Art Thou?
George Clooney and John Turturro. I'm sure you recognize the movie now.
Have you read Troy or read Odyssey?
That's a great book by Tenessee Williams. Did you like the story or was it the writer you enjoyed?
Ok He also wrote the Glass Menagerie and Cat on a Hot Tin Roof. His sytle is beautiful. So weird fact, he died from choking.
Yes, seems like an odd and tragic way to go. Cat on a Hot Tin Roof was released in 1955. It was also made into a play.
Yes, check it out. I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
I can tell you that he wrote a fantasy called Ponyo.
It stars Yuki Amami and Yria Nara.
Unfortunately not but Ponyo was Anime, would you like more suggestions?
Ok!
I am, he plays table tennis and was born in China.
Sorry, I do not know but I that year was the summer Olympics.
That summer the Olympics was held in Athens Greece.
The San Francisco Giants won the 2012 World Series
Gotta love them, they are one of the best teams in the Major League Baseball!
Texas Rangers are worth rooting for, Runner-up in the 2010 World Series
I don't know much about it. Isn't Louis van Gaal their coach?
Not really. I know the basics of the game, but I don't follow it. I follow American football. Do you like soccer?
I'm from Chicago, so it's the Bears all the way. Who's your team?
Are the children mature?
C.S. Lewis did write it for children so I am sure it will be fine.
You're welcome.
I really liked In Her Shoes that she wrote. Have you heard of that one?
Yes, and Ridley Scott also produced it. I love that it's a comedy film. Do you like Comedy movies?
I've actually seen that one, but thank you! I really enjoyed Then Came You by her.
I am! She's such a great writer.
Thanks for the information!
Have a good day!
Odd Thomas is a book written by Dean Koontz. It includes the genres thriller, speculative fiction, mystery, and horror. Do you like those genres?
I believe it may have been released as a movie as well, I just don't have that information at this time. Other thriller books I can recommend are Worth Dying For and Without Fail. Do those interest you?
Worth Dying For was written by Lee Child.
Jane Austen is great choice! She wrote several famous novels, including Pride and Prejudice, Emma, and Mansfield Park.
Jane Austen's works are historical fiction. They are romantic satires usually highlighting social class differences. Pride and Prejudice is perhaps her most famous novel, having been made into a blockbuster film by BBC.
It stars Colin Firth as Mr. Darcy and Jennifer Ehle as Elizabeth Bennett.
Of course! You're most welcome.
Do you like Titanic because it's a romance film?
The Eclipse and She Done Him Wrong are good romance films.
Yes it was written by Veronica Roth. Do you like dystopian fiction?
Yes, you might enjoy The Passage and The Handmaid's Tale.
Did you know she starred in The Proposal alongside Sandra Bullock?
Is there anything you'd like me to find information about?
It is a romantic comedy, I think you'd really like it!
I'm always here to help!
Agatha Christie is a great author! She wrote They Do it with Mirrors and The Secret Adversary.
They Do it with Mirrors is a crime novel. Do you like those?
The Murder on the Links, The Murder of Roger Ackroyd, and The Clocks are all very good books I recommend that are mystery novels.
Definitely. She was wonderful in Skyfall. Have you ever seen it?
Yes, that's another excellent film. She also starred in a few Harry Potter movies like Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - Part I, and Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - Part 2.
Ralph Fiennes was also great in The Hurt Locker. You should check it out.
It was directed by Red Cliff and written by Luo Guanzhong.
It is both a World Cinema and War film. Would you like me to suggest other war films?
Another war film, also directed by John Woo, is Reign of Assassins. Great Movie!
It was my pleasure.
I'm not sure who it's produced by but it's directed by Eric Darnell.
Yes he also directed Antz! It is an Adventure film.
No problem!
He helped write The Worlds End, an action film starring Anna Kendrick. Do you know it?
It is different but also written by Edgar Wright, the title is Scott Pilgrim versus the World. Starring Kieran Culkin and Thomas Jane. Great movie though if you are interested in watching it.
That is true and it was written by Simon Pegg who was also the main star in the movie. Have you seen it?
Great, Enjoy!
I do like basketball, my favorite team is the Lakers
I know his position is point guard
Me too, I'm not sure
A Grief Observed is a collection of C. S. Lewis's reflections on the experience of bereavement following the death of his wife, Joy Davidman, in 1960. It was released in 1961.
He wrote many wonderful books, including Till We Have Faces, The Magician's Nephew, The Horse And His Boy, and The Silver Chair. You might recognize some of those from the Chronicles of Narnia series.
You are quite welcome! I'm happy to help!
Is he the tennis player from London?
Yeah, I think he is a famous tennis player who lost to Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal, both excellent players.
Oh my goodness, I didn't know that. That's crazy!
That is wild! I think tennis definitely helped him!
He is a journalist, film producer and writer. He was involved in a film called Fast Food Nation.
Yes, I am. I know him better as an American poet. He wrote Leaves of Grass. Do you enjoy poetry?
No, he wrote for adults. If you enjoy children's literature, you should read The Giver. It's considered young adult fiction and was also a movie.
You're very welcome!
Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls with Hill Harper He also directed The Fast and the Furious.
I have actually never seen any. Is Paul Walker in those?
I really do, I loved him in Takers. It's so sad that he passed
Oh, he died back in 2013 in a car accident
He has starred in We Don't Live Here Anymore and The Truman Show.
Well, We Don't Live Here Anymore stars Naomi Watts.
You're welcome.
yes. he is a sports player. he played a sport called cricket. have you heard that before?
Sure! She wrote Welcome to the World, Baby Girl, and I still dream about you
It is a psychological thriller that was released in 2010
I do not have that info at the time, but I can tell you it was directed by Peter Hyams
You're welcome
what do you want to know about toy story 3?
do you want to know anything else about it?
Toy Story 3 is written by Michael Arndt. would you like to know anything else about toy story 3?
Do you like film noir, mystery or psychological thriller genre?
Then maybe you'd enjoy Wicker Park or Vanilla Sky.
It stars Jessica Pare and Christopher Cousins.
Great. Let me know how you like it.
Yes, the writer? He wrote "The Valley of Horses", "The Shelters of Stone" and "The Plains of Passage". Are you familiar with his work?
If you like Historical Fiction, I would suggest reading "Wide Sargasso Sea" and "We the Living". Have you heard of either?
That's the one! Jean Rhys is interesting. From what I've read, she was influenced by Charlotte Bronte, one of the great writers.
Of course, anytime. have a good day!
It is a young-adult fiction written by Rick Riordan. It is part of a series. Would you like to hear more about it?
Rick Riordan also wrote a lot of adventure, fantasy books. One of them is Percy Jackson: The Ultimate Guide.
Yes he did, have you read that book? It is of the same genre as the other books that I mentioned.
Well, he's with the Germany national football team, and I don't watch much soccer.
Mesut zil is pretty popular. I heard he won the UEFA Team of the Year award. Do you know anything else about him?
Oh okay. He's similar to Victor Moses. I think I may start watching soccer, and check out his next game.
I think I know who that is. Isn't he a football player?
Oh ok. I'm not a fan of soccer. I do like football movies like Wildcats. Have you seen that?
I loved Rudy. Did you know it was filmed at Notre Dame Stadium?
Definitely. She wrote Pretty Little Liars which is also a teen drama on television
I'm not sure if its her most famous, but it is exremely popular
You are most welcome.
Yes that is starring Nicolas Cage and Harvey Keitel. I love Nicolas Cage.
The Family is a Romantic Comedy with Kate Walsh. Do you like Romantic Comedies?
Under the Tuscan Sun also has Mario Monicelli great actor.
Yes of course anything else?
Enjoy!
The Secret River,The Line of Beauty, A Study in Scarlet, East of Eden, To Kill a Mockingbird are some of them similar to Grapes of Wrath.
The Secret River's genre is Historical fiction and Drama. Are you interested in this novel?
This book was written by Kate Grenville in 2005,There is a TV series based on this book in the same name.
Chelsea actually is a Foorball Team in London. Do you like that sport?
Football is the English name for soccer, in USA they say soccer, in Great Britain Football. It i s a London team and the goalie is Kepa.
Yes, they are in the Premier League and score within the first 5.
The team is from London and play in the Champions League and European league like all the best teams of Europe. I prefer the German team, especially Bayer München.
I don't know much about them this year, however I have been learning many facts about Ariana Grande if you would like to hear some.
Oh, nice choice! He wrote Der Tod in Venedig and Nesnesitelná lehkost byt, which is co-written by Milan
Sure, Brandon Sanderson has written Words of Radiance, Warbreaker, and Towers of Midnight
Yes Sanderson did write Hero of Ages which was published in 2008
You have a great memory, it was indeed the same year as Naruto's release
You're welcome, hope you enjoy it
Sure! Zodia is a crime thriller directed by David Fincher. It deals with the famous zodiac killer and stars Robert Downey Jr.
The actor has an impressive list of films. A couple of my favorites are Iron Man and Sherlock Holmes. Do you enjoy those types of films?
Maybe try Gothika or Good Night, and Good Luck. Not his most well known films but critics really liked them!
You are very welcome!
Singer directed the action thriller X-Men 2.
X-Men 2 stars Zak Penn, Hugh Jackman and Daniel Cudmore.
Yes it is, do you like those types of movies?
I do, I especially like the ones starring Hugh Jackman.
You are welcome.
I know a little about it, I do know it was written by M. Night Shaymalan and that it has Samuel L. Jackson in it. Is it a favorite movie of yours?
I definitely do, He has starred in the Marvel Universe's The Avengers saga, as well as Pulp Fiction, Snakes on a Plane and Kill Bill Vol. 2!
For a piece of his older work I would say you have to see Pulp Fiction, especially because Bruce Willis is also present, and to see his interactions with John Travolta under the direction of Quentin Tarantino.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Terry Gilliam directed The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus, which is an adventure film
Sure, without giving away too much, its a fantasy drama about trading souls to the devil
No problem, is there anything else I can help you with?
Okay, take care
Do you like romance books in general, or do you like Nicholas Sparks books?
Nicholas Sparks also wrote The Wedding and The Guardian.
Fiction. Small town and rural. Family life.
I don't know about that. Both books are fiction.
You're welcome!
The Wolf on Wallstreet is a non-fiction title. Some other non-fiction titles are Mastering the Art of French Cooking and American Masters.
Mastering The Art of French Cooking is written by Julia Child and American Masters features Martin Scorsese.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Did you like that book because it was a Historical Novel?
In that case you might like the book True History of the Kelly Gang.
My pleasure, hope you like it.
Callum Rennie starred in eXistenZ. what kind of movies do you like watching?
sorry i dont have any comedies buteXistenZ has genre Thriller. do you like thriller movies instead?
Yes! You might enjoy similar novels such as The ABC Murders, and How to Marry a Millionare vampire
The ABC Murders is written by mystery novelist Agatha Christie. Would you like to hear recommendations of her work?
Sure! Some of her well know books are Crooked House and Murder in Mesopotamia.
Yes, The Scar and The Known World, Do you like Mysteries?
The Scar was written by China Mieville, the genre is Steampunk/Speculative fiction, Science Fiction and New Weird.
Sure, the movie is directed by Lames Marsh.
Yes, James Marsh directed also The King and Man on Wire,
I do not have any information about The King. Do you want to know about another movie?
No but it is written by Jon Povill starring Ronny Cox.
Ronny Cox also starred in The Car and The Beast Within
Taps and Truth Be Told are some other movies he starred in
You are welcome
Perhaps Vanishing Acts or The Haunted?
I'm sorry that I don't have that information, however it's a novel written by Jodi Picoult.
No, it came out in 2005
Sure but let me ask do you like Pixar movies?
Sure, I would recommend Finding Nemo and The Good Dinosaur.
welcome
Is she the football player from Rio de Janeiro?
Correct, she plays for Fluminense FC in the Brazil national football team
Good question, not sure. I know she plays with Carlos Queiroz
Yes! She wrote The Beast and The Shadows. Do you enjoy her work?
Yes! You are correct. You might also enjoy White Oleander.
Michelle Pfeiffer and Noah Wyle are in White Oleander. Do you like them?
I can certainly do that for you! I hope you enjoy!
I'm aware he plays for the Mumbai Indians but I don't know much about him
I didn't know that. Do you watch it often?
How many players are on a cricket team?
Felicia Bond wrote If You Give a Mouse a Cookie. It is a very cute book. Are you familiar with it?
I am not sure. She also wrote If you Give a Pig a Pancake as well.
I am not sure. They are both popular children's books.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction. Would you like to hear about more of her books?
No, I only have a copy in English.
Simone Elkeles also wrote Return to Paradise and Chain Reaction.
What genre would you like me to look under?
I have Groundhog Day is in the comedy genre with him in it
Groundhog Day is in the comedy and romantic fantasy genre
Sure! The book was released in 2011, detailing the life of Apple's Steve Jobs. He was the key designer on the very popular iphone.
Wither is a science fiction novel written by Lauren DeStefano. It is a dystopia type novel and a very good read! Another suggestion in the genre would be The Forest of Hands and Teeth.
I can make a couple of suggestions from 2013, when Sever was released. Try reading What She Left Behind or The School for Good and Evil. I highly recommend both!
Could you recommend movies with actor Ellen Burstyn?
Yes, The Last Song was written by Nicholas Sparks. I have other books by the same author. Do you want to hear more?
It is called True Believer. He was influenced by Nicholas Evans when he wrote that book.
At First Sight was written by Oliver Sacks. This book has been made into a film. Would you like to know more about it?
It is a Romance Film. Do you like watching romantic films? You might like Water for Elephants or Under the Tuscan Sun.
My pleasure! Enjoy!
Well, I know little things about football but I really like the coach Jason Garett.
Yeah that's true. Cheerleaders in general are amazing.
Yes, that
Yes, he starred in the animation film Jumbo and is an author and athlete as well.
Yes, he was in Slumdog Millionaire which was directed by Danny Boyle. It was great, did you like?
I like Indie films like Exit Through the Gift Shop and Drive.
Go Set a Watchman and The Twits are good books.
Go Set a Watchman is written by Harper Lee like To Kill a Mockingbird.
You're welcome
Saina Nehwal, the athlete? She's an amazing badminton player! She is currently ranked number 9.
I have not heard of Ziatan Ibrahimovic, but have followed Wayne Rooney, the football player for quite some time. Do you like football (or soccer) depending on how you know it?
Everyone knows the William sisters! They have some amazing Tennis playing skills, would you agree?
I know his spouse is Bahati Prinsloo.
She is most famouse for being Adam Levines partner
I believe 50 cent was on it at one time
Kick-Ass starred Nicolas Cage, Omari Hardwick, and Xander Berkeley among others.
Kick-ass is an action and a comedy film.
Kick-Ass was directed by Matthew Vaughn and released in 2010.
He also starred in The Sorcerer's Apprentice and Lord of War.
I'm not entirely sure, would you like to know more about Nicolas Cage?
His first appearance in a film was Fast Times at Ridgemont High.
Sure, you're welcome.
I don't know much about him. I do know that he is a musician. I know he wrote The Recipe and Blessed.
I'm vaguely familiar with him. I know he won the prestigious Padma Shri Award.
He won it in 1988. It is quite an honor.
I know that movie has Denzel Washington and Jodie Foster in it. Its a thriller Heist film, and a mystery. Which genre piques your interest?
Well, I know she was in the Beaver with Mel Gibson, but thats kind of a weird movie. Nell is a weird movie, too, about a feral girl. She was in that. Contact might be my favorite film starring her.
Sure. I know she won an academy award for best actress for that movie. I know Liam Neeson played a role in the movie. And I know its a drama. Does that interest you?
Awesome, enjoy! Its definitely a unique film.
I'm not familiar with it. Is that the one with Liam Neeson and Leonardo DiCaprio starring?
Neeson starred in Schindler's List. It was also an historical drama. You might like it.
Another one of his historical movies was The Newton Boys.It was about a gang of bank robbers.
Enjoy them!
Of course. A related title would be Monsters of Men as it is in the same genre.
Another recommendation would be The Grouchy Ladybug. Are you interested in Fiction in general?
I have noted it for future reference. Would you like further recommendations?
You're welcome.
Do you have an opinion on the book The Road? I'm not sure if it's worth reading.
Have you read La sombra del viento or El juego del ángel by chance?
El juego del ángel, was released not too long ago in 2008.
Yes, I can add it to your reading list if you prefer?
You got it!
Lady Gaga born on March 28, 1986 (age 32 years)
Poker Face,song released in 2008.do you know she starred in The Muppets also
that is a musical comedy so she sang a song in that
Her full name is Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta
Yes, I do like the Baltimore Ravens. Are they any good this season ?
Lamar Jackson yeah, I think of heard of him before on ESPN show the First Take with Stephen A. Smith.
Oh, wow that is Amazing so young for such an important position in football!
Spirit Bound is a Young-Adult Fiction novel written by Richelle Mead. Other books by this author include Vampire Academy and Shadow Kiss.
es! Other popular books in that genre are The Fault In Our Stars, The Outsiders and The Hunger Games.
That movie came out in 2014 and was considered a Romantic Tragedy film and starred Shailene Woodley and Ansel Elgort.
Others in this genre include The Notebook, Blue Valentine and A Walk to Remember.
Yes! Number the Stars is a speculative fiction movie that was written by Lois Lowry.
Lois Lowry wrote The Giver.
It has genre young-adult fiction.
Sure, do you like the author because he wrote Drama and Tragedy?
He wrote The Crucible and All My Sons, which is drama.
Sure, are you a fan of the writer Wes Anderson?
Let's see. One that comes to mind is Fantastic Mr. Fox. It is starring the famous Meryl Streep.
Yeah, she is great! Other actors in it include Owen Wilson and George Clooney.
Sure, enjoy.
I haven't but I do like movies written by Roger Avary.
Quinten Terintino was a main actor in the movie.
The Rules of Attraction is a popular movie that Roger Avery wrote.
It was released in 2006.
Yes. She is a great Irish actress and model. She was in INdiana Jones the film have you seen it?
A few other films she has been featured are Last Crusade and A Prayer for the Dying. Have you heard of them?
No problem! Have a good day.
I would recommend her music when she first came out. Since then she hasn't made anything that is as good. Do you know any of her music?
I like that song too. That whole album is pretty catchy. The artist I believe is pretty similar to her older stuff is Ke$ha. Are you familiar with her most popular songs?
The song that made her famous was called Tik Tok released in 2010.
Sure! He wrote The Thorn Birds and The First Man in Rome. have you read any of them?
The Thorn Birds was released 1977, it's a great drama novel.
Sure! Similar novel might be The Crucible written by Arthur Miller, I recommend it.
Alison Doody starred in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade and Major League II
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade came out in 1989, it is an adventure action film
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade also stars Sean Connery, who starred in You Only Live Twice
You are very welcome, please enjoy
Do you like it because it is a fantasy book or do you like young adult fiction?
OK. You might like the Percy Jackson and the Olympians series
You got it
Sure. She wrote Rebecca, My Cousin Rachel and Jamaica Inn.
That one was released in 1938.
I am sorry, I do not have that Information. Would you like to read Rebecca?
I do! Albert Brooks wrote The Muse and starred in Twilight Zone: The Movie.
I have! Did you like the movie Goodfellas? It is a crime fiction that you may be interested in.
I don't but I loved the movie My Cousin Vinny. It was hysterical!
You're welcome! Anything else I can help you with today?
Sure, it iaan animation movie with genre both comedy and sci-fi. Do you like animation movies?
Your son will like the animations Tarzan, Hercules. Steve Carrell starred in a movie Dinner for Schmucks, which is a comedy.
Haha! Yes, he starred in What Happens in Vegas and The Hangover Part II which I have you only have to watch. But you can watch Puss in Boots with your son though!
Susan Meissner and Richard Rhodes you may like if you enjoy his novels.
Secrets of a Charmed Life is a good book she wrote, you should check it out!
Anything else you'd like to know?
I hope you enjoy!
That was a good movie. I really liked 10 Cloverfield Lane and Independence Day. You should check those out.
I'm not sure who else was in it, but Will Smith was also in Wild Wild West, another Sci-Fi film.
Sure thing.
They're doing good! They were Super Bowl runner ups for Super Bowl XXXIX and XV.
Tom Brady plays for the Patriots right?
Didn't one of them star in a movie?
He wrote Yellow Submarine! It's my favorite.
I see he also wrote Can't Buy Me Love.
You may like Be Cool and Bad Boys 2, those are comedies.
I'm sorry, I don't have a list of comic book movies on hand. Are there any other genres that interest you?
That's great. I have some dramas like Raise The Titanic and Holes on hand. World War Z is an adventure film I have on hand.
You're welcome. Is there anything else that you need for today?
Have a great day and enjoy your movie.
Pearl Harbor is a Naval harbor in Hawaii that was bombed by Japan on Dec 7th, 1941. It is also a movie starring Jennifer Garner
Pearl Harbor has a genre of War and Action. Other similar films include, Tora Tora Tora, Red Tails, and Command Decision
Yes indeed I like that one. Did you know Chris Columbus directed that one?
I am not sure if he directed the sequels or not. My favorite movie by him is the Gremlins.
J.K Rowling wrote that one and the rest of the Harry Potter books.
It is worth watching more than once!
I know the name but I can't think of what he's in
Oh I am not a big basketball fan, but I do like the movie Hoop Dreams
I'm not sure, but I know he produced and wrote it.
Space Jam was good, it had Michael Jordan in it right?
I do, she wrote The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks a Biography and Rebecca is also a Journalist as well.
Has two main genres, Biography and Science this book was also released in 2010
No problem, enjoy and have a great night
I'm a Packer fan, but I do know they are in the AFC West.
They are Wisconsin's pro team. I used to follow the Raiders, but I find the Packers more fun to watch!
Football is my favorite, especially this time of year. I just can't wait until the Super Bowl! Do you watch any football?
Sure! You might be interested to see his movies The Apostle and Broken Trail. Are you familiar with these?
Farrah Fawcett was in thriller The Apostle. Do you like thriller movies?
Glad I could help! I hope you enjoy the movie.
I agree. He was the winner of the Winter X Games XIV and is also sponsored by Target.
I'm sure he did. Did you know he is also and actor & starred in Friends with Benefits?
I'm sure he visits San Diego also since he was born there.
Total Recall is based on a book written by Philip K. Dick. He is a pretty famous science fiction writer. Do you like it because of the Sci-Fi element?
Philip K. Dick also wrote the Adjustment Bureau. Have you seen that yet?
Matt Damon plays the lead role.
No problem. I think you'll like it, enjoy.
Yes, he was a footballer right, I have heard about him. What position does he play in?
I like movies more than football. I actually liked the football movies
Yes, I did. It is a wonderful movie. Haven't seen Rudy, it is in my to watch list.
I know it was written by Richelle Mead that is about it
I'm going to say yes because he also wrote Vampire Academy
She apparently also wrote Succubus Dreams which is urban fantasy
your welcome
You might want to check out "The Hunger Games" is pretty similar.
It is also Young-adult fiction similar to the "Divergent" series
Oh that is a great children's book. Eric Carle also wrote The Mixed-Up Chameleon.
Yes. he also wrote Panda Bear, Panda Bear
Sure.Out of the Dust by Karen Hesse and Ramona and her Father by Alan Tiegreen are in the same genre. White Fang is also an excellent bit of literature from this genre.
That's all I can find at the moment. Is there something else I can find for you?
Not that I'm aware of. The Giver by Lois Lowry is an excellent dystopian fiction children's book.
You're welcome.
He starred in The Republic of Love, with Jackie Burroughs, and Gary Farmer. Bruce Greenwood also starred in Wild Orchid.
Emilia Fox also starred in The Republic of Love. Would you like to see it?
I'm sure you'll love it. Enjoy!
I don't really know much about him except he plays for the Green Bay Packers. Do you like him?
I think they won runner up in super bowl XXXII and their coach is Mike McCarthy
I think Derrick Frost does. Not certain though.
Yes she wrote The Historian and The Swan Thieves. Do you like Horror books?
I can name a lot of writers. Which book you want to know about?
She wrote Thérèse Raquin and Nana. Did you know she died in Paris France of Carbon monoxide poisoning ?
Glad I could hrlp
Sure, you can try Rabbit, Run or White fang, these are all children's literature.
Yes they are, John Updike wrote a few that fall under that genre. Rabbit at Rest, Rabbit is Rich just to name a few.
Yes it was, they were quite good. Is there any other information you may need?
No problem!
No, I used to like Jason Kidd. I guess Sean Williams or Mason Plumlee are good. Do you like the NBA?
I believe the Milwaukee Bucks were his last team, He coached them after the Nets. He played for the Nets.
He certainly has helped the Bucks. I really like how he plays. Pretty amazing.
Steven Kloves wrote Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone.
Yes, Steve Kloves also wrote Wonder Boys.
Linkin Park are still together. They released a studio album last year titled One More Light. Do you like this group?
Do you enjoy this book because it is Post-Apocalyptic fiction or science fiction?
You might enjoy the Way Station or Zoe's Tale since you like The Road.
John Scalzi wrote Zoe's tale and Clifford D. Simak wrote the Way Station.
I believe he is a science fiction writer primarily.
Yes, he wrote science fiction books including the Way Station.
No problem!
Do you like The Terminal because it stars Tom Hanks or because it is a Drama?
That's right! Tom Hanks also plays in movies such as; The Green Mile, Forest Gump, and Cast Away.
They are both dramas. I am not showing anything else relating the two.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure! She created the sitcom 30 Rock. Have you seen it?
Well, it's a satire show like Parks and Recreation.
Yes, It's a good show. Similar to Two and a Half Men. Perhaps you'd like to see something else Tina starred in like The Invention of Lying.
Unfortunately, I don't have that information.
It aired in the U.S.
I know he's an football player plus an author and a celebrity. In what context do you know him?
Ha ha! We're both wrong. SHE's an American soccer player who won a gold medal in the Olympics.
Me neither! LOL
I don't know much about her. She is a singer right? You are a fan?
Yeah, Adele is a big talent. Not many singers like her that come along.
Yes, he wrote that with John Lennon during his time with the Beatles. That's another example of talent that doesn't come along very often.
Hi, Yes I do. She wrote Go Ask Alice, an amazing book.
Yes you are right! It was released in 1971.
You're exactly right, also in '71! It was a Science Fiction movie, do you like those kind of movies?
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote The Martian Chronicles, and The Illustrated Man. Have you read either of these?
Exactly! It's Speculative Fiction, similar to Wizard's First Rule, or Wintersmith. Have you heard of these?
Unfortunately, I am not seeing who wrote Wintersmith. But, Wizard's First Rule, is written by Terry Goodkind, and released in 1994. ,,
Would you like for me to send over Wizard's First Rule now?
Ok, I sent it to you computer. Enjoy!
Yes. Seth Gordon direct Freakonomics. Have you seen it?
Greg Crow starred in it!
Cristiano Rolando is a very famous soccer player. He even had a statue made.
Yes, he's on the Portugal national football team. He's a big celebrity back there as is David Beckham in Europe. The only difference is Beckham is much more popular in the U.S
Maybe that's what makes him ultra popular, the fact that he's been married to Posh Spice, from the Spice Girls. Victoria Beckham was a 90's music icon.
Are you a Arnold Schwarzenegger fan because he stared in that movie?
He's known for his roles in movies such as True Lies, Batman and Robin and The Expendables. Do any of those sound good to you?
Tom Arnold and Jamie Lee Curtis star in it with him.
There is no information about stars here
Sorry there is no information about Ella Enchanted
Gail Carson Levine Wrote Fairest
Welcome
I would recommend The Return of a Man Called Horse.
It stars William Lucking and Gale Sondergaard along with Irvin Kershner.
William Lucking is also in Red Dragon and Erin Brockovich.
You have great taste! He wrote Madame Bovary.
Unfortunately that information is not available to me.Let me also recommend another great one called Zoe's Tale and written by John Scalzi.
Sure, I am happy to tell you that it was released in 2008.
It is considered a novel. I really recommend you read it.
Roger Bart
Yes and that was written by Mark Jacobson
yes I love it. Wendell Pierce was in there
Sure. Written by Joseph Conrad, he was influenced by Paul Theroux and Ernest Hemingway.
Sure. Another one by him is The Great Railway Bazaar: By Train Through Asia.
beep boop boop beep...it is now!
Well I assume your already read Peter Pan? So I would recommend The Boy Who Would Never Grow Up.
The play was first shown in 1904. It includes the recurring character of Peter Pan.
Yes, there sure were. The co-author was Micheal Hague. Do you have any other questions for me?
Good question, Peter Pan was originally written in English. Anything else?
You're welcome!
Sure! She wrote Wuthering Heights and Jane Eyre. Both are classics! Have you read them?
They are both gothic romance novels. Do you like that genre?
Certainly! Let me know if there is anything else I can do for you.
He adapted David Copperfield by Charles Dickens.
Ever read Nicholas Nickleby, Little Dorrit and Great Expectation - he wrote those too.
You're welcome.
Blood Promise is followed up by Spirit Bound in the series.
Richelle Mead wrote that amazing tale and many more.
Spirit Bound would be considered urban fantasy and young-adult fiction.
I recommend Without Fail since it has a common setting and theme.
He plays tennis and is from Switzerland.He also participated in the London 2012 Summer Olympics
I am not really a fan of the sport either, I prefer american football and baseball. The only tennis players I know are the Williams sisters. Do you follow them?
I agree. Their seems to be a lot of talent that has come out of Compton. Did you know Venus is a Miami Dolphins owner?
The basketball player? Doesn't he play for the Detroit Pistons?
I believe that's right. If I recall correctly, he was originally drafted by the Los Angeles Clippers.
Wow. That's pretty tall, but I guess most professional basketball players are in that range. He's very talented, that's for sure!
The Magicians by Lev Grossman
.Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them is similar. Is there anything else I can answer for you?
You are welcome. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Yes, The Help was written by Tate Taylor and stars Cicely Tyson and Bryce Dallas Howard. Have you seen it?
It was a great movie. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Viola appeared in Widows, Fences, Suicide squad and many more.
Sure, his style is a bit different but you may like Walter Lang.
Yes, he did direct State Fair, which was a fun movie. Another musical you may enjoy is The Producers.
Oh, how wonderful. I would love to meet him. Also if you like musicals Anastasia and Fiddler on the Roof are great as well.
No problem. Have a great evening!
The Great Santini is a good read.
I misunderstood. Try Flannery O'Conner.
Wise Blood, The Violent Bear It Away.
Drama thriller.
Quite welcome.
Sure, she starred in Aliens along side Bill Paxton. Do you like Action and Horror films?
Bill Paxton has also been in Tombstone, Weird Science, and True Lies. Have you seen those?
It is! Tombstone is a 1993 movie also starring Kurt Russell and Sam Elliot.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Jane Austen anything else i can answer today?
Sense and sensibility. Anything else I can do for you?
You are welcome.
She is an author who mostly writes romance and crime fiction novels. Do you like these genres?
A few of her novels are Perfect Chemistry, Wild Crush and Leaving Paradise. Have you heard of these novels?
No problem!
He is a Dutch director known for his work on RoboCop.
He also did work on Basic Instinct and Total Recall.
It stars Arnold Schwarxnegger and Sharon Stone.
You're welcome.
It stars Vincent Regan and Ray Winstone and Kristen Stewart. Have you seen her movies, good actress.
She starred in the fantashy Zathura, What Just Happened and Undertow as well as the Twilight series.
Undertow is really good also starring Pat Healy and Robert Longstreet,
Shiri Appleby who also starred in The Thirteenth Floor is in it
enjoy
The Hobbit is in the genre fantasy. Do fantasy movies interest you?
I would suggest The Golden Compass, and also the Harry Potter series, as they both are classified as fantasy.
The Golden Compass is a novel by Chris Weitz, and can also be called a drama. Do dramas interest you, too?
Do you want any more fantasy recommendations? There is a genre called urban fantasy which is a little different.
Ok, well have a great day!
Yes, that was directed by Michael Mann. He also directed The Insider. Are you a fan of his work?
He did! Do you enjoy the romance genre or the Crime Fiction aspect of Public Enemies?
I would recommend Pulp Fiction for your movie night if you are seeking something in Crime Fiction. Would you be interested in that?
No problem. I am happy to help. Enjoy the movie!
Prometheus is a popular movie like Total Recall.
Sean Harris was the main actor in the movie.
Rafe Spall and Robin Atkin Downes are two of the other people in the movie.
Your welcome!
They went to The World Series a few times, right? I believe in 2010 and 2012. I am sure they have been there more times that I am not even aware of.
Wow! They must be pretty good! I am a Phillies fan, but I don't get to watch much baseball lately. What team is your favorite baseball team?
I enjoy watching soccer more than any other sport. What is your favorite sport to watch?
The Equalizer is starring James Wilcox, Denzel Washington, and Chlo Grace Moretz.
Absolutely. Chlo Grace stars in Trolls which is an animation film and also in The Eye, a psychological thriller film.
The Eye is a Yue Chinese and Mystery movie that was released in 2008.
Absolutely, no problem!
Not really, but I think I heard somewhere he plays table tennis. Do you follow that sport?
Yes, I think so, home of Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon. Have you seen that?
Yes, it is! It was directed by Ang Lee. Such an amazing film! Do you like martial arts films?
Guy Cardwell wrote The adventures of Tom Sawyer. Would you like books similar to this?
You may enjoy The adventures of Huckleberry Finn written by Mark Twain.
Andy Hunt is a similar writer. Have you heard of him?
Andy wrote The Pragmatic Programmer, Does this seem like one you would like?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Do you like the Author Jane Austen or Fiction novels?
Pride and Prejudice is the most popular but she also wrote Persuasion.
Both of these books are Fiction
Sure! The Hunt for Red October was written by Tom Clancy. Have you seen Patriot Games? It's in the same series.
Patriot Games and The Hunt for Red October is an action film and a spy film. Patriot Games is from 1992.
No problem! You might also like The Teeth of the Tiger. That's another one from Tom Clancy released in 2003
Zoolander and Tropic Thunder are both hilarious movies.
Yes, he is so good in that movie. Did you know Owen Wilson also wrote the Royal Tenenbaums?
I believe you are correct. He also wrote the Wendell Baker Story.
Glad I could help you discover something new!
I am not really a fan but I know Baby One More Time was one of her hit songs.
Agreed! I was kinda following her and Justin Timberlake before.
Couldn't agree more. I've seen Friends with benefits. He's acting was okay. I would have to check him out with Black Snake Moan.
Sure, have you watch Catch Me If You Can?
The Terminal(2004) and Catch Me If You Can(2002). Now I know these movies aren’t exactly alike but they both were directed by Steven Spielberg and star Tom Hanks.
Yes, Catch Me If You Can is a gently funny, sweetly adventurous film.
You are Welcome!
Of course, he was in The Towering Inferno, The Thomas Crown Affair, and my personal favorite, The Great Escape. That's a prison break movie.
That came out in 1963. Steven McQueen was also in On Any Sunday. Do you like classic films?
Robert Wagner and William Holden. I would suggest watching Wuthering Heights. Its a little different, but a beautifully done movie.
Of course, have a great day!
The Grouchy Ladybug is considered in the same genre.
Eric Carle. He also wrote The Very Hungry Caterpillar
There's the Polar Express or The Little Engine That Could
I haven't seen it so can't really recommend anything. My style is more adventure action films like The Matrix. Have you heard of that one?
The Wizard of Oz was released in 1939
Samuel Hoffenstein wrote The Wizard of Oz and it was directed by George Cukor
The Wizard of Oz is actually in the Fantasy genre. If you enjoyed this movie you may also want to check out Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory
okay, hope you enjoy!
I'm a little bit familiar with him. Doesn't he play for FC Barcelona?
I wish I had that kind of energy! I think Vic Buckingham is on that team, too, right?
He's coached quite a few teams. It seems like he has a lot of experience.
The Fugitive lead role is actually Harrison Ford. Sela Ward is also in it, Tom Hanks is not in this movie.
Absolutely! Harrison Ford stars in What Lies Beneath and Six Days Seven Nights.
You got it!
He directed The Perks of Being a Walflower.
Nicholas Braun and Logan Lerman are two of the starring actors.
Yes, she was also in that movie. Are you a fan of hers?
Not that I know of. I only know of him directing The Perks of being a Wildflower.
May I help with anything else today?
Not really, I have seen the The Vampire Diary but this one starred Tom Cruise.
Tom Cruise also starred in Vanilla Sky, it a very nice Romantic movie.
a player in the Spain national football team. do you like football?
I am a Houston Astros fan.
I know they were 2010 World Series runner-ups.
Yes, they ended up winning that one! Have you been to a World Series game?
It is! I was able to go to a Houston Astros World Series game last year.
The Devil Wears Prada is a Fashion Drama. Do you enjoy Fashion?
Aline Brosh McKenna was also the writer behind the film "I Don't know how she does it." You might enjoy that. It is also a drama.
Are you interested in learning more about the film? Like the director?
Sure, he starred in Treasure Planet and Silver Streak. Have you seen them/
Yes it was. Terry Rossio was the one who wrote it. Hr also wrote The Legend of Zorror.
The Legeng of Zorror was the squeal to The Mask of Zorror and starred Tony Amendola and Antonia Banderas.
Yes, I have a few recommendations for William Friedkin, which is Arbitrage, which he starred in.
I do, actually. The genre for this movie is Thriller and Drama. Do any of those genre's interest you?
Well, it looks like Arbitrage is the only Thriller which include William Friedkin.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yea, he wrote The Good Earth which is directed by Victor Fleming
Yes. It is a romance similar to The Good Guy or Women in Love
Yes the Good Earth is.
No problem!
The Rockets are an NBA team that almost made it to the finals last year. They're pretty decent
I really enjoy baseball and football, how about yourself?
I like playing Tennis more than watching. Do you have a favorite tennis player?
He directed Little Miss Sunshine.
Sorry, but I don't have any other films listed.
Yes, one of the best: Alan Arkin. And it was produced by Ron Yerxa.
The Last Unicorn, The Change-Up abd Noel. And many others. He's had a long career.
Yes, Maria Yuryevna Sharapova is a Russian professional tennis player of Belarusian descent. A United States resident since 1994, Sharapova has competed on the WTA tour since 2001.
Sharapova reached No. 6 in the ITF junior world singles ranking on October 21, 2002. In all, she won three junior singles tournaments and was runner-up at five, including two junior Grand Slam events.
You are welcome
David Oliver Relin Three Cups of Tea.
Absolutely, Ralph Steadman wrote Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas that came out in 1971.
He worked on Gonzo the Art, The joke's over, I, Leonado and many more. Mostly cartoon books. Have you read any of those?
Your welcome.
Sure, Ella Enchanted is written by Gail Carson Levine, do you like her books?
Of course, She wrote The Two Princessess of Bamarre did you read that?
Yes it sure is, it was released in 2001.Have you read The Tombs of Atuan?
Unfortunately I don't have much on it but he also wrote Fairest, you might like that as well
John Fox coaches them doesn't he?
Does Nate Irving play for the Denver Broncos?
Oh,,ok I don't know much about football, but I have heard a little about him
Yeah, he's on the national football team in Argentina.
Yeah he is on Manchester City F.C. I think.
They are a premier league so I would hope so!
Sure, this book was written by Jeff Kinney who wrote The Ugly Truth and Hard Luck. have you read any of them?
Yes, it is. If you like this genre I would recommend to read Under the Tuscan Sun.
My pleasure, let me know if you need more recommendations.
Sure! It was written by Mel Gibson and is an Epic film movie.
He directed The Passion of the Christ and also Braveheart.. Which is one of my favorite movies of all time.
It's stars Benedict Fitzgerald, as well as others. It's a Historical period drama including an Indie film.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy.
Would you like recommendations for other books written by Veronica Roth?
Carve The Mask is Veronica Roth's newest novel.
You're welcome.
Yes she did
It is written by Cecilia Ahern.
Yes the next in series would be If You Could See Me now.
It has a genre if novel
Do you like the fantasy genre?
That is a great movie. Do you like movies starring Ian McKellen?
You might also check out one of his novels, Her Dark Materials.
You're welcome.
He is from Finland and directed the movie The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Might be but the director was Harlin. It is genre Action.
Tom Amandes and Edwin Hodges are two to mention.
Take care!
She's a singer and a songwriter, right? I think i've heard her work.
Actually I like Shakira too! I like good dance music with some Latin influence!
I used to want to marry him! Then I heard he was gay!
Sure, do you like Science Fiction?
Have you seen The Regulators or Stand on Zanzibar?
Oh, I'm actually not familiar with the movie, but the book was written by John Brunner.
I am not that familiar with her but I believe she is a Tennis Athlete. Is she one of your favorites?
Now Venus Williams I am very familiar with. I also love her sister Serena. That's a lot talent and work ethic in one family.
Hopefully we will see them in may mor opens this year and in the near future. Tennis wouldn't be the same without them.
I am not for sure if they are any good. I know their coach is Mike Woodson
I only watch basketball in movies like Space Jam
Okay with William Gates I have seen previews before but never watched I will have to check that out
All i know is he is a football player and plays in Southampton FC.
Football movie genre, yes. I like Jerry Maguire and the Wildcats.
Great! I'm sure you will like it.
Pat Conroy wrote The Water is Wide
It's a memoir
He also wrote The Great Santini
Happy reading!
Sure, The Battle of the Labyrinth is a Speculative fiction book similar to Fear Nothing or A Civil Campaign.
Dean Koontz is the author and it was released in 1986.
Yes, Fear Nothing is Thriller/Suspense book, think you will enjoy if you like that genre.
No problem!
Oh yeah! It's a great Spaghetti Western! Very entertaining! Would you like to know more about it?
Well, it's similar to The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, which is a Classic Spaghetti Western, full of action!
Sure, love to! Another similar Spaghetti Western is A Fistful of Dollars, very well known film. It stars Aldo Sambrell.
Well, it starred Alice Braga and Alexandre Rodrigues, and is in the Drama genre. Do you like drama?
I sure do! I really enjoyed To Kill a Mockingbird and The Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen either?
I loved it! It's a thriller starring Denzel Washington. Do you like Denzel?
There was! But I haven't seen it yet.
If you liked Tom Hardy in that you might also like the Dark Knight Rises
I don't, who is he
Oh right! He helped out with the song Where Have You Been too
Unfortunately I do not follow mens Tennis but if he works hard I think he can compete at high levels once again. Do you like tennis?
I like Football, Baseball, Gymnastics, Wrestling, Track and Field and Womens Tennis. Do you like Victoria Azarenka?
I really like the Williams sisters when they play each other because it is fun but for hard core competition I think it would be Serena against Victoria. Who would you take?
Seven Years to Sin is highly recommended
It's erotic literature, released in 2011
happy reading!
Rob Riggle starred in various Comedy movies. Some popular comedians are Will Ferrell, and Matt Walsh.
She sings Friends and 2002. She's from the UK.
I really like Ed Sheeran, and he's from there. Do you like him?
Didn't Sia Furler write Titanium?
I hadn't really heard much about her until today. I'll have to check her out!
Yeah, his an athlete he plays Cricket.
The same one that starred in Remember the Titans?
Oh yes, It's was is wife, he starred in Pain and Gain.
Bob Peck has starred Sense of Snow, Slipstream a science fiction, as well as Jurassic Park.
Yes, thats correct. He also startted in Hatifiedls and McCoys.
Yes I enjoyed that movie! Its a classic! Do you recall when it was released?
Okay thanks, I will have to watch it again soon! Thanks for all the information!
Do you like movies with Aidan Turner or just fantasy movies?
In that case I might recommend The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones. Have you seen that one?
It stars CCH Pounder and Kevin Zegers.
Yes. He's also a voice actor and model.
you're welcome
It was written by Sophie Kinsella
Emma Corrigan, a young woman with a huge heart, an irrepressible spirit, and a few little secrets. She also wrote Remember me and the undomesticated Goddess. Have you heard about it>?
Have you read the Kite Runner by Khaled Hosseini and The pact by Jodi Picoult
great . Do you need any more recommendations
welcome
I'm not sure didn't he play cricket?
No not really,being from US it's not that big over here.
I like movies. Have you seen The Village?
Great choice of Suspense Mystery book written by Gillian Flynn. Do you like her writtring or Or Mystery/Suspense in general?
Yes , she did. I really enjoyed reading What Do You Do? written by her and released in 2014. Have you read?.
Is not the last one. Other great one is the Gone Girl
Sure. I can recommend you Warcraft and Mamma Mia!
It is a Musical, true. Meryl Streep also starred in it.
Warcraft has genre Adventure and Ruth Negga starred in it.
You're welcome.
Anne-Marie is a wonderful singer. Have you heard any of her songs?
They're an OK baseball team. Not always the nicest fans though. I do like wrigley field.
I like the Giants too. I also lived there for awhile. Candlestick Park is pretty cool.
A very long time ago I did. Have you ever watched the San Francisco 49ers?
I LOVE THE PACKERS. Went to a game yesterday. Did you hear they fired Mike McCarthy?
Yesterday after the loss.
Yes he wrote the Wayside School novels which are very popular, have you heard of them?
Wayside School is Falling Down is a fiction book from the Wayside series that was released in 19989. This author writes a lot of popular children's literature.
Fiction and children's literature.
Yes! Did you know he starred in Tin Cup? He won the Masters Tournament in 2010.
He's an excellent golfer. He also starred in Entourage, the HBO sitcom.
Yes. Other dramas would include Weeds or We bought a Zoo. Have you seen them?
Great! Enjoy!
Sure! H.G. Wells wrote the books, The Time Machine and The Invisible Man they are both Sci-Fi books. Do you like sci-fi?
The Time Machine was released in 1968, it was also made into a movie starring Bill Murry did you see it yet?
Yes! Caddyshack was a great comedy film. If you like Comedy I also recommend the movie Yes Man, starring James Carey have you seen it?
Sure! I also recommend the sci-fi movie A Space Odyssey which was released in 2001. Have you seen this movie yet?
Alfred MacAdam A Space Odyssey. He also starred in the hit movie True Grit which I also think you would like
I think that he is a great shooting guard. And the Rockets are lucky to have him. Do you like basketball?
He's an assistant coach on the Warriors. Are you a sports fan?
The Pats oh you're one of those people. Just kidding. What are the chances they'll be back in the Super Bowl?
I think they are a very talented team, are you a fan?
I seem to be drawing a blank about the Yankees at the moment.
Did you know the Red Socks won the last world series?
It was written by Robert Bloch and Joseph Stefano and was also a movie. Sometimes it's referred to as a slasher book. do you like those?
Janet Leigh was in the famous shower scene. Alfred Hitchcock, who directed it, also had a part.
No, he passed away years ago. But he was known for his horror films. One that really scared me was The Birds.
They're owned by Malcolm Glazer, right?
I did not know that! He must have a lot of financial resources to own both teams!
I thought Lovie Smith and Greg Schiano weer coaches, I didn't know they were co-owners.
Do you like the action or because Sylvester Stallone stars in it?
Yes there are lot of Rocky movies, but he also starred in Creed recently.
I saw the first one, Sylvester Stallone stars as a trainer for a young boxer. It's quite similar to the Rocky series.
You're quite welcome.
Michael Crichton wrote The Lost World, The Great Train Robbery, and The Andromeda Strain. Have you read any of these?
It was released in 1975 and has a western genre
I hope you enjoy!
There is a thriller called the Good Doctor
Wade Williams is an actor in this as well
He played in The Dark Knight Rises
Yes, it is a best seller! The author is Jane Austen.
You got it! It's a satire. Would you like me to purchase it for you?
Yes, Northanger Abbey is in that genre.
Sure, H.G. Wells wrote it!
Colin Tervorrow directed Jurrasic world, an adventure film starring Omar Sy.
This movie is a Science Fiction Thriller like Cloverfield.
You can also see What Just Happened and We Own the Night. They are great thrillers as well.
No problem. Enjoy!
Then you must love Things Behind the Sun. He starred in that. Have you seen it?
I agree. Did you see Patsy Kensit in the Great Gatsby?
It sure was. And it based on F. Scott Fitzgerald's novel.
I'll have to check that out!
I dont like them. But, they are coached by Jason Garrett. Owned by Jerry Jones and their mascot is Rowdy.
His number is 00. The team plays at Att stadium in Dallas.
I believe Rowdy was the only mascot.
He directed Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. Are you interested in that type of movie?
He also directed Never Say Never Again.
Yes he starred in those films, but he also starred in The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen
Dark Places was written by Gillian Flynn. Do you like Mysteries?
He wrote Rogues and he also wrote Gone Girl and What Do You Do.
I like Zane Grey's work. In high school, I studied William Shakespeare. I liked his writings.
Yes, didn't she write The Scar and Embassytown?
Yes I do.
Have a good one.
I believe he's an awesome Cricket player who hails from India.
He's also from India, but attended Ashford University.
Oh, yes. Such an aggressive left-handed batsman. Do you like cricket?
No, only on TV. Do you attend games?
Whatever broadcasts NFL football. Shall find one for you?
You too.
Is that a basketball team in the NBA?
It's a sci-fi thriller starring Tracie Thoms. Do you like sci-fi films?
That's a great film. If you like that, you might also like The Walking Dead.
Yes, it is. Are you a fan of zombie films?
Great. Well I hope you enjoy!
F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote The Great Gatsby. He also wrote The Short Stories of F. Scott Fitzgerald. Is that something you're interested in?
The Great Gatsby is in the genre fiction as well as Birdman. Is that something youre interested in.
Erich Maria Remarque wrote I'm Western nichts Neues, Drei Kameraden, and Arc de Triomphe. Have you read any of these?
These book were not originally published in English.
Yes. Drei Kameraden was originally published in 1936 then published in English in 1937. Arc de Triomphe originally published in 195 then in English in 1948.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I think she is great! She used to be world Number 1, but her form has slumped quite a bit since then. Do you like her?
She plays tennis. Do you watch any tennis?
Ah okay, I have played tennis for quite some years so I know a good amount about it and always follow the Grand Slams. What sports do you like?
Yes! I enjoy it quite a lot and it's very fun when you get into it. What hobbies do you have then?
Wow, that is very cool. I wish I could sew and make my own clothes.
I written by Tennessee Williams
I dont have information about that
He also Wrote A steetcar Named Desire
Welcome
Unfortunately i dont have any recommendation at the moment.
I would suggest breathing lessons written by Anne Tyler.
This is a really nice fiction novel you will love it.
Sure, David Ayer is an American film director, producer and screenwriter.
Yeah, his one of the film is Suicide Squad (2016) and other is Harsh Times (2005)
Suicide Squad lead actor is Will Smith and Harsh Times Christian Bale
The Dark Knight one of my favorite movie of Christian Bale
Thanks hope you got the enough info
The Vikings are 2nd in the NFC North. Do you know if they play Sunday?
I think the Packers, Bears, and Lions. Are you a football fan?
I hear that they are doing really well.
Andrew Garfield starred in The Social Network and The Other Boleyn Girl
Rashida Jones, Max Minghella, and Marcella Lentz-Pope are the starring actors.
The Social Network is a music film.
The Social Network was released in 2010. I'm not sure about the music directors.
2010 is a Thriller. Is there anything else I can help with?
Peter Hyams wrote 2010. Taliesin Jaffe, Roy Scheider, and Keir Dullea are the starring actors.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
He directed the movie called The Ice Storm. Did you know that Joan Allen starred in that movie.
Tobey Maguire starred in that movie? No way! Would you like to know more about Rick Moody?
Did you know that he was a musician as well?
Sure! Brisingr is a young-adult fiction novel written by Christopher Paolini. Are you aware of this novelist?
He does tend to write fantasy types of stories. Brisingr is the third book in the Inheritance Cycle, as you noted. The first two are Eragon and Eldest. I suggest you consider reading all three. You won't be disappointed!
I am happy to assist you anytime.
Well Sarah J. Maas wrote it, and she also wrote The Assassin's Blade. Have you read that one yet?
It was written in 2014, the same year that milk and honey was written.
Perfect, I know you will enjoy it!
Yes, I do. She wrote Persuasion, which was released in 1817.
I believe she wrote Persuasion with Jane Austen.
I love that book. I was sad when Pride Prejudice and Zombies was created. What did you think when it was released?
Wasn't she the one that was the number 1 badminton player in the world at one point and had 23 international titles?
I have heard of P.V. Sindhu. She was also a badminton player from India.
If I remember right, I think they are played in Delhi, India.
I would suggest The Scarlet Letter..
Yes I do. Have you heard of Jorge Luis Borges?
You are correct! Jorge Luis Borges is a scientist.
Jorge Luis Borges is also a Writer and Screenwriter.
Sure, have you seen Mrs. Doubtfire or Jakob the Liar? Do you like dramas like those?
If you liked that movie, you might also enjoy We Bought A Zoo, or Whale Rider in that genre.
Joh Michael Higgins stars in that movie. Are you a fan?
Will do. Adding now.
You must mean the Greek author who wrote The Iliad and the Odyssey. They were both epic poetry from long ago. Do you enjoy poetry?
Beowulf is the first one that comes to mind. It was written in Old English.
Yes, it's usually a long narrative story written in verse. I guess it's not so popular these days.
I don't follow football much. I think if I had to follow one team, it would be the Chiefs.The Ravens have won a couple recent Super Bowls I think.
That sounds familiar. How are the Seahawks doing this season?
I'm not sure. I think Troy Smith might have a good season though.
Its a movie starring Sandra Bullock as well as Ryan Reynolds
She is an amazing actress who starred in many movies including Oceans 8, The Blind Side and Gravity just to name a few. Have you watched any of these?
That is one of her best works and its a romance film.
Sure there are a few I can name, Dead or Alive, Debt of Honor, Commmand Authority.
I was released in 2010.
Yes Tom Clancy wrote Dead or Alive.
Yes,He is Team Coached Mike Woodson
There is no information about that
Sorry about There is no information related to him
Welcome
Certainly! In Bruges stars Colin Farrell, Elizabeth Berrington, and Anna Madeley to name a few.
One of Colin's most famous movies would be Total Recall. He also starred in Seven Psychopaths and Saving Mr. Banks. Are you familiar with those films?
S.W.A.T. is very good, but I would recommend Phone Booth. He did an excellent job with a single location. It was very exciting!
You are very welcome!
The Denver Broncos compete as a member club of the National Football League's American Football Conference West division, coached by John Fox.
Phillip Lindsay as Running Back, Case Keenum as Quarterback, Von Miller as Lineback, and more.
I have not seen it. Is that the one with Gary Scott Thompson?
I do like thrillers but I am really curious about The Fast and the Furious films. Was Vin Diesel in all of them?
I love both actors. I will definitely have to watch Fast Five now. Thanks for bringing it up.
I will, thank you!
It is a good movie right? Sure, maybe you should give The Giver or Divergent a try.
Yes you are right! It was written by Veronica Roth, and it is a very popular Young-adult fiction novel.
If you liked it, maybe watch the Giver, it is the same genre.
No problem!
If I am thinking of the right man, I think he is a golfer from Dallas. Is that right?
That's right, I think he plays for FC Dallas! I bet it's nice for him to be able to play for his home town!
I think it is! I am not very familiar with the sport.
Yes, I particularly like I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings. I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings. Have you read that one?
Yes I haven't read a lot of her poetry, I like autobiographies. My favorite is The Rise of Theodore Roosevelt. The Rise of Theodore Roosevelt.
I'm not sure, but another one I like called Theodore Rex was released in 2001.
I sure will thanks!
Yes, he wrote она и мир. она и мир. Have you read that one?
James Franco is an actor who starred in This is the End and Your Highness.
This is the End starring both Seth Rogen and Jonah Hill released in 2013.
It is a comedy film.
Can I help you with anything else?
You are welcome.
I don't know much about him except that he's a football player for the Chile National Football Team. Are you a fan of his?
Is he having a good season this year?
I haven't seen it but I've heard of it. It stars Keira Knightley correct?
I haven't seen that one either! I did see her star in The Duchess though
Sure! The Sea of Monsters was written by Rick Riordan and features Greek mythology
Yes, Vespers Rising was also written by Rick Riordan as well as The Titan's Curse and The Throne of Fire
It is a young- adult fiction that also includes Greek mythology
Denie Juliet is one of the books
Mary Ann Shaffer wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society. The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society is written by Annie Barrows
she is a writer, editor, librarian and bookshop worker
I believe this person starred in Imagine That. Do you know any other movies she acted in?
Sure , one of his book is Fahrenheit 451 and other one Dandelion Wine
The Bradbury Chronicles is romantic novel by him
It released in 2005,
Sure injoy the book
You mean the FC Barcelona player?
Yes he's a golfer from Dallas. Do you play that sport?
Yeah I like that movie as well, I like Adam Sandler in it. Are you a fan of his?
Yes and Salma Hayek and Maya Rudolph, I love them.
Yes with Ashley Judd and Antonio Banderas. I love that movie too.
Joe Morton starred in What Lies Beneath and Unforgivable Blackness. Have you seen these movies?
THe World's End is thriller and fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movie?
Did you know that Total Recall is written by Ronald Shusett?
Ronald Shusett also wrote Prometheus. It is awesome movie.
He is a Badminton player from India. Do you like Badminton?
From the 1992 all the way to 2012 and even the 2010 Commonweath games. You like to watch the Olympics?
That is true. it is a district of India. Do you know it?
Spider Man, Iron Man, Super Man, Hulk, Avengers, Ant Man are some movies similar to Thor. Do you like Thor?
Have you watched all the 3 parts of Iron Man?
Are you interested in any of his movies other than Iron Man?
Ok. Do you like Marvel and DC movies?
Eric Bees wrote and directed The Butterfly Effect, The Final Destination,Final Destination 2 are some of his works. Are you interested in any of these movies?
Yes, The Butterfly Effect, The Final Destination,Final Destination 2 are thriller movies.
The Butterfly Effect is starring William Lee Scott, Jesse Hutch, Ethan Suplee, Eric Stoltz and Produced by J.C. Spink
He has acted in Gone in 60 Seconds, Pearl Harbor, October Sky also. Are you interested in any of these?
The movie is about biographical drama film directed by Joe Johnston.
Is there anything I can help you with?
I do. So talented. Did you know she was in the film Pauly Shore is Dead?
Eminem was also in the movie
my pleasure
Sure Frank Miller wrote Pencil 300, Letter 300 and Ink 300.
Yes, They are all war, action, and fantasy films. Have you ever seen them?
Vincent Regan and Michael Fassbender starred in 300. They all seem to be pretty much the same type of movie.
I will add them to your list. Please enjoy!
Yes, I think it was great. Would you like to know who stared in it?
Vivica. A Fox
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion, I think. I have not heard much by her.
That's right Jane Austen did write Persuasion. She also is the author of Pride and Prejudice. I read that one in college.
I have seen that thriller. I thought Pride and Predjudice and Zombies was written by Seth Grahame-Smith?
Of course, Clockwork Angel is written by Cassandra Clare. I love that novel.
She wrote many books one of them was The Mortal Instruments
It's young-adult fiction, most of her books are young-adult fiction.
Tom Cruise do you like that actor?
Yes its a great drama film. Do you enjoy drama films?
Catch-22 is a good one
you are welcome
I don't know much about them. Was Mike McCarthy the coach?
I don't actually follow football. What about you?
I'm not into sports at all, but I can watch basketball
Do you like books by Jodi Picoult?
Yes, You would probably like Plain Truth.
Are you in to crime fiction?
I sometimes do with my Dad and brother. Is he from the Germany national football team?
I agree. It's a popular sport with kids too!
That's great! I would definitely have my son join in the Summer!
Of course! Libba Brey wrote The Sweet Far Thing and The Diviners. Have you read these?
The Sweet Far Thing is part of a fantasy fiction series.
Yes, you might like Love Unbound, King of the Murgos, or the Looking Glass Wars
Sure, Milan Kundera is a writer from the Czech Republic. He's a poet, writer and playwright.
I suppose there are some Polish speakers but Czech is the language of the Czech Republic.
OK, have a nice day.
I like him, but I'm more a fan of the New Orleans Saints of which he's the QB
They have Mark Ingram and Alvin Kamara as RBs, theyre known as "thunder and lightning"
No problem!
Michelle Sung Wie is an American professional golfer who plays on the LPGA Tour. At age 10, she became the youngest player to qualify for a USGA amateur championship.
yes, indeed very impressive
Yes, she is talented
I know he starred in the Bodyguard and the Black Dahlia.
Bill Cobbs starred in the Bodyguard and in Trading Places.
It looks like it was released in 1983. The thriller Videodrome was released the same year.
Glad to be able to help out!
I did when he was still a part of Nsync. He was a good actor in In Time.
Well, I would agree that he is an all around performer. Do you know if he is married now?
He's been married to Jessica Biel since 2012.
Ooh I love Monsters, Inc. Do you prefer Fantasy movies or more Walt Disney movies?
Have you seen Treasure Planet? It's more Sci-Fi/Adventure, but you might like it.
One of my favorite movies is Up, or you can try the TV Show, Angel.
She wrote The Ship of Brides and The One Plus One. DO any of those interest you?
Well I know it was released in 2005 and I believe it is a romance.
anytime. I hope you enjoy it.
Have you read Scaercrow written by Matthew Reilly?
Yes, I did. It is a great Thriller. It was released in 2007. If you like him i will suggest The Five Greatest Warriors.
Thank you. Enjoy
Yes I agree with you on that, but he lost to Roger Federer recently. I prefer women's tennis though
I like Serena Williams but I like Roger Federer too. Do you like him?
No Roger beat him at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London
You're welcome
Arthur Conan Doyle has written many books about Sherlock Holmes including The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes and The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes. Does detective fiction interest you?
You're right. The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was released in 1892, the same year the Yellow Wallpaper was released.
It's a good one. Enjoy.
Sure, I can try. First, do you like Fantasy or Children's literature books? Or perhaps Mystery or Historical Fiction best?
So do I. Have you read any Agatha Christie. Pullman is an English novelist and so is Christie.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy the books.
No but it is written by Veronica Roth
Veronica Roth has also written Free Four: Tobias Tells the Divergent Story and Four: The Son
It is part of the Divergent Collection. It is about a son that explores Four's life as a Dauntless member.
you are welcome
Yes, I like a thousand years by her.
She's a singer
She's muscian
Thor is a great movie! Do you enjoy it more because of the actors like Chris Hemsworth or the genre action/adventure ?
Chris Hemsworth is in a few movies like Rush, Heart of the sea and the Avengers series. Have you seen any of those ?
You're very welcome, I hope you enjoy that film.
Jodi Picoult wrote Where There's Smoke. Would you like to know more?
It is a Fictional novel released in 2014. If you are a fan of Jodi Picoult, she also wrote The Tenth Circle.
Where There's Smoke is a Romance/ Fiction Novel.
Marcelo Vieira is a British-Spanish soccer player. Do you like soccer?
I do not. The only sports I really care for is Basketball and american Football.
I Think it will come down to the Patriots and Eagles again this year. I would rather the eagles win than the Patriots.
I don't know much about them but I know Mike Pettine coached them. Do you like football?
I watch it form time to time. I have heard of Jake Allen before.
I think he's alright not the best. What do you think?
Witness is a good Romance/Drama that I think you would like.
Yes, Weir directed it and the film stars Harrison Ford about an Amish girl who witnesses a murder.
All I really know about her is she dated Justin Bieber
What other songs does she sing?
Yes, Number the Stars is recommended. It is written by Lois Lowry and is Speculative Fiction. Would you like to know more like this?
I can give you three examples; Zoe's Tale, Z for Zacharia and Xenocide. There are more if you would like more?
They are all speculative fiction and I recommend them. Do you want me to send to you?
OK, I'll send shortly.
You too. Thank you.
Yes! She wrote a famous Children's literature; Charlotte's Web. Have you read the book or seen a play based on that ?
Yeah It came out in 2006. Farmer Boy is similar to Charlotte's Web if you want something similar after you watch that movie.
You'r welcome. Have a good day.
He is a great actor, right! Yes he was in The Silver Linings Playbook, a good comedy.
Of course! I recommend Two Can Play That Game, or Submarine, both excellent comedies.
Gene Hackman and Harrison Ford both starred in it.
I think his best work is in Indiana Jones! You should definitely watch that.
No problem, enjoy the movie!
The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide: Five Complete Novels and One Story was written by Douglas Adams. Would you like to hear more about him?
Absolutely! Douglas Adams wrote The Restaurant at the End of the Universe as well as The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul. Would you like to hear more?
That book has genre science fiction as well as humor and was released in 1980.
That book has the genre science fiction with similar books like V for Vendetta and Vanilla Sky.
You're welcome!
BTS is very popular boy band in the K-pop genre!
Yeah, If you like Nsync, give BTS a listen!
Backstreet boys is a favorite of mine, anything Synthpop!
I'm not a huge Ravens fan, but I did like Ray Lewis back in the day.
He was indeed! So was Terry Crews. It's so funny because I just thought he was an actor, ha. Do you know who he is?
I love pretty much all sports, like the SF Giants, and the SJ Sharks. Do you have a favorite?
TRON: Legacy is available.
Contact would be one, the 13th Floor is very similar to TRON. Then there's the Matrix.
You're quite welcome.
It is written by James Ellroy starring Kevin Spacey and Matt McCoy. Based on a Mystery released in 1997.
As far as Mystery, Night Falls on Manhattan or The Pelican Brief.
Sure, No problem!
I have not seen it but it is a very popular Robert De Niro film. Do you like him?
He is a great all around actor. He can play any role it seems like! Do you enjoy drama films?
A very good one! If you like classics, To Kill A Mockingbird and Little Women are great dramas as well.
You're very welcome.
If you like Fantasy films, check out Paradise Lost. If you like thrillers, try Blueberry.
Do you like history because he too starred in Helen of Troy.
Have you seen any of her biographical films?
Chinatown and Life Is Beautiful.
Anytime, just ping me if you have a question about another film.
My grandmother is. She loves watching Venus Williams. Sometimes I will watch it with her too.
I didn't! Has she been in other films?
Oh neat. Where does Serena live?
Does she still play tennis or only her sister?
He's worked on The Illusionist and Interview With the Assassin.
It's considered a suspense film. Would you like some suggestions for other suspense films?
You might like What Lies Beneath directed by Robert Zemekis or Young Sherlock Holmes by Barry Levinson.
You're welcome!
Have you read Chasing Vermeer or Along for the Ride yet?
Trojan Odyssey or Vanilla Sky might be a better choice for you then.
Clive Cussler is the author of that one.
Doing that for you right now. Enjoy!
You may also like Broken Silence. It was also written by Natasha Preston.
It came out in 2013. This was also the year that Twisted Perfection was released.
Happy reading!
Are you interested in other books in the speculative fiction genre?
I'd also recommend Welcome to the Monkey House and Till We Have Faces. Both are speculative fiction.
Welcome to the Monkey House is by Kurt Vonnegut Jr. He is a very good author!
You're welcome. I'm always happy to assist!
Not particularly. What do you think about her being involved with Vanilla Ice?
Yes she has had some crazy relationships. Can you believe she was seeing Dennis Rodman?
I think so. Have you seen the movie Desperately Seeking Susan that she was in?
I like that movie Evita that is a musical.
I do like that song.
It stars John Malkovich and Tilda Swinton. If you like Spy films then you should see this.
Not really sure when it was released however. It's quite an all-star cast with George Clooney as well.
You are welcome.
It is written by Henning Koch and Fredrik Backman , and it was released 2012.
Yes, it is in English.
Sure, he wrote Min mormor and En man som heter Ove.
James Patterson wrote Zoo also.
I'm sorry I do not have any criminal fict
I'm sorry. I do not have any work from any of those authors. Only James Patterson.
I love it too! All time favorite! Do you like it because Tom Hanks was in it?
I agree. Here are some of Tom Hanks greatest movies : Cast Away, Saving Private Ryan, and The Terminal. Would you want me to list more of his movies?
Castaway is directed by Robert Zemeckis and is released in 2000. Definitely one of his greatest movies.
You're welcome!
He directed Requiem of a Dreams and The Wrestler starring Evan Rachel Wood
Darren Aronofsky Directed and Produced it and it also starred Mickey Rourke
Mickey Rourke and Marisa Tomei who also starred in What Women Want with Mel Gibson
His most famous film would be Apocalypse Now. Not only did he direct it, he also helped write and starred in it as well!
Besides Coppola, it also stars such wonderful actors as Scott Glenn, Robert Duvall, and Martin Sheen. Do you like any of these actors?
It is considered a war film. It also falls into drama and adventure. The film War might also be of interest to you. I give it a high recommend!
Yes. There is a comedic film that is similar, "Date Night." There are also a few titles closely related to this film such as; Killers, The Bourne Identity and John Wick.
The movie genre is thriller/action/comedy. Do you want more recommendations similar to this one?
The movie "Game Night" is similar in it's nature although the genres are a bit different. Have you heard of this movie?
No problem! Happy to assist.
She starred in The Pillars of the Earth with Eddie Redmayne. Do you like her?
It also stars Matthew Macfadyen who was in Death at a Funeral. Do you like comedies?
It's a historical series.
Great! Glad I could help!
If you like them, I like them. Do you like football?
Great! Do you have a favorite player?
Coach Belichick is an all star coach! Do you need any additional information?
The stars in the movie are Zo Kravitz, Tom Hardy, Charlize Theron and it has a genre of Sci-Fi and Thriller
Yes, he has also starred in The Brave One and co starred with Jodie Foster and Nicky Katt.
May I know whom you are questioning about? Is it Jodie Foster or Nicky Katt?
I have no information about her Dad
You're welcome!
He wrote We Were Liars and also The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks
It was recent, in 2014
2014 was the year that released You, written by Caroline Kepnes
you're welcome!
Seven Pounds is a great movie starring Will Smith. Have you tried Sweet November?
How about Unknown by Didier Van Cauwelaert; it's a thriller.
Yup, a Psychological thriller! It was produced by Leonard Goldberg and music by John Ottman.
You may be right I see Germany and France listed as countries of origin.
ok
He's on the Wales national football team.
He is listed as Winger
I did. Cardiff, in fact.
Yes, she's has very unique fashion sense, her statement is a platinum blonde wig with full bangs covering half of her face.
Oh, I'm sorry about that. She actually looks young for her age. I like her songs specially the Chandelier.
Exactly! What's your fave song of her?
I have not, but i have seen the movie. Do you like psychological thrillers?
I have see that movie as well and the sequel: Hannibal.
I think he's an amazing actor and Silence of the Lambs is a classic.
Emily Griffin wrote Where we Belong and Something Borrowed.
Joe Cocker played in it, and it was released in 1990.
It was written by Jennifer Warnes and was in the Officer and a Gentlemanfilm released in 1982.
You are welcome!
He wrote When We Were Orphans. Have you heard of it?
He also wrote An Artist of the Floating World. He has written some films too as well.
I'm not sure. Sorry. But another historical novel that is similar is Thirteen Moons.
You got it
Robert Lewandowski plays on a Poland national football teame
He's a Forward His Number is #9
He was born August 21, 1988 (age 30 years), Warsaw, Poland
Two books that she wrote are The Selection and The Queen.The Queen was set in the United Kingdom. Do you like British fiction?
It is a young adult fiction and was released in 2012. She writes often about royalty as in The Prince and The Guard that you might like.
I hope you enjoy them!
You're quite welcome!
Sure, X-Men is Sci-Fi and Action. Which genre do you like more?
If you like Action movies you should check out XXX and its sequel XXX: State of the Union.
XXX: State of the Union starts Xzibit and Sunny Mabrey.
I don't know the answer to that question. Pimp My Ride is part of MTV.
Do you like the author, Gillian Flynn?
You might also check out What Do You Do, and Dark Places by that author.
You're welcome!
Yes, have you heard of Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil?
ohn Berendt wrote Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil. Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil : Subject: Savannah cat.
This movie is genre Fiction.
It was written by Malcolm Gladwell, who also wrote Blink: The Power of Thinking Without Thinking. I think they are both self-help books.
I would suggest Tony Robbins and Stephen Covey. Their books are very motivating.
Yes, he has a podcast called Revisionist History. There are three seasons. It might be worth a listen!
You are so welcome!
Doug Liman firected fair game. Fiar Game is written by Valerie Plame
Doug Liman Produced fair game. fair game has genre action film
fair game has genre Biography
the fair game movie have Sam shepard and ty burrell
Milos Freeman has directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo’s Nest
Milos Freeman did direct Amadeus
Yes, Amadeus can be added to your movie list.
C.S Lewis also wrote The Voyage of the Dawn Treader and The Silver Chair. I think you would like both of those as well!
It is fantasy and Christian literature. Would you like to know about the year it was released?
It was published in 1952. The film was released in 2010. The Silver Chair is listed as speculative fiction as well as children's literature.
Anytime!
I think he is a great cricket player. I think he's on the India National Team and also plays for Kolkata Knight Riders.
I think it is a beautiful sport but long matches that can last for days. I think Greg Chappell may be my favorite. He's from South Australia.
Yes, a great tennis player. I think he lost recently to Roger Federer.
Adam Levine is an American singer, songwriter and actor. He is the lead singer for the pop rock band Maroon 5. Born and raised in Los Angeles, California,
Yes he plays in a few movies
The Clapper that came out in 2017
Yes, I do. It's written by James Frey. He's also written other things. Would you like some more information?
Sure. He also wrote My Friend Leonard, I am Number Four and Bright Shiny Morning.
You're welcome. Can I do anything else for you?
OK then.
there is one Andrew Hunt
His one book is A Killing in Zion
Sure, one is Desolation Flats, and the other is The Turning
Sure, thanks
I don't follow a whole lot of football, but I know he is on the Germany national team. I've heard he is really good though!
I prefer American Football, what sport/sports do you enjoy watching ?
Who is your favorite team ?
Ken Kesey played in "Go Further" with a cast including Woody Harrelson.
He is also a writer. He wrote "Sometimes a Great Notion".
Yes, I do. Sometimes a Great Notion centers on a logging clan in a fictional town in Oregon.
I sure can. Sorry, that I was a bit vague earlier. The story is particularly about a family of loggers who cut trees for a local mill, which later leads to a strike. I will definitely add this on your list.
How about Jorge Luis Borges. He wrote El Aleph.
Labryinths, he's an award winner too.
Magic Realism. Do you like that genre, this may be dated, since it is from 1962.
Give it a thought and if you change your mind I can delete it from your wish list.
I know Tom Brady is a football star, who also starred in Stuck on You
Definitely, Eva Mendes, Matt Damon and Cher also star in Stuck on You
Yes, Eva Mendes was in Training Day, a great movies and The Other Guys
Yes it is! Bradley Cooper is phenomenal in the lead role. You would believe he is actually a soldier in a real war situation. Do you like Cooper?
He starred in Silver Linings Playbook with Jennifer Lawrence. It's not as good as American Sniper, but I think you would enjoy watching it.
It's kind of a romcom. It's more romance with a dash of comedy if you like those types of films. I recommend it!
You're very welcome!
Yes. Goodfellas starring Robert De Niro is a well touted movie.
Gangs of New York with John C Reilly is also a great Scorsese film. Do you like films with Jon C Reilly?
Step Brothers is a comedy. Are you looking to watch something on the funny side or the dramatic side?
Wreck - It Ralph stars John C Reilly. Is that something you might be interested in?
Wreck it Ralph is an adventure movie starring Katie Lowes and Adam Carolla.
An arcade game character sets off on a journey to become a hero of the game and mayhem ensues.
No problem.
Yes I do. Great movie with Tom Hanks and Laurie Metcalf.
Yes, actually he wrote the Romantic movie Larry Crowne.
He seems to do it all! Yes he produced My Big Fat Greek Wedding, and Surfer, Dude, both comedies.
I definitely recommend it, it is a Drama Comedy.
Then you will like it for sure, you should watch it!
You too.
Star Wars: Episode I - The Phantom Menace is starring Liam Neeson and is in the fantasy genre. Do you enjoy fantasy type movies ?
I would recommend Star Trek to be along similar lines. But out of fantasy, I personally enjoy the Lord of the Ring series.
Peter Jackson, Fran Walsh, Barrie Osborne, and Tim Sanders were the producers.
I hope you enjoy it
I'm not a big fan. I still keep waiting for them to get better.
I'm not sure who their head coach is. They have gone through so many.
New York Jets or Giants. Do you have one?
I think they are okay since the Bambino curse has been lifted. I used to watch John Farrell pitch for the Indians before he became coach for the Red Sox. You like the Red Sox?
Yes that is, Monmouth Beach, New Jersey. Have you ever been there?
I know that the actress Lisa Edelstein is from Wayne, New Jersey but I have not been either. You like that actress?
I liked her as the head of the hospital in the Televison series House. The doors was ok, I like work done by Oliver stone. YOu?
I recommend both the Adventures of Tom Sawyer and Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. Both books are timeless classics.
It actually appears he wrote his own versions of both of Twain's novels.
Anytime, enjoy reading!
Great. Do you want movies with similar genres?
Other movies with a similar genre include Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, Don't Judge a Girl by her Cover, Clockwork Angel and Angus, Thongs and Full-Frontal Snogging
You're welcome
Sure, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was produced by Chris Columbus who wrote Goonies.
The Goonies is starring Richard Donner. Steven Spielberg edited The Goonies.
I think she composed Woohoo and Where Them Girls At?
Do I remember that she sang on that one, in addition to composing it?
I did not know that but thanks for the heads' up!
Yeah. Did you know that Unaccustomed Earth, is the next sequel to The Namesake?
Yeah, I can relate to fiction stories very well. What of Without Remorse? Have you heard of that one?
Of course I do, like What the Night Knows, is very interesting. Anything else?
I recommend The Sneetches and Other Stories is written by Theodore Lesieg
He also wrote The Lorax (Animation Film) #10 i
1971 Also its the genre fiction. Do you like fiction?
Z for Zachariah is a good one. You should try that
Added it to your reading list
I think they are a good football team.
The Washington Redskins are a good team. Is George Allen still a coach? I like the 49ers
Sure! Never Let Me Go is written by Kazuo Ishiguro and Alex Garland. It is a science-fiction thriller set in the United Kingdom. Does that help?
Great! Ishiguro has also written When We Were Orphans, The Remains of the Day, and The Buried Giant. Do those interest you?
You're right! It looks like The Remains of the Day as well as Never Let Me Go have also been made into movies.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, he directed gangster squad a great movie
That was released in 2006 it starred Mirelle Enos
That is a thriller like the movie Shark Night another good Thriller
No problem
Isn't that written by Stieg Larsson? I do enjoy his crime novels. Do you like him?
He definitely did! I prefer the English version of his novels, though. Do you like crime novels? I hear he was influenced by Agatha Christie.
He wrote the Millenium Trilogy of crime novels.
Definitely check out Yojimbo.
Toshiro Mifuni, Isuzu Yamada, Yoko Tsucasa for starters.
The Seven Samurai is always a winner too as well as Ran.
You're welcome.
Confessions , Straw Dogs, Le Samourai. what else can i do for you today?
Written and directed by Tetsuya Nakashima and based on the novel by Kanae Minato of the same name, “Confessions” is a tale about grief and vengeance taking place on the last day of class at a junior high school. Anything else I can answer?
meet the parents, mean girls, and hot fuzz are great comedy films. anything else i can do for you?
you are very welcome
I like the NFL Jaguars. There owner, Shahid Khan, is also the owner of Tottenheim in the Premier Soccer League. Jacksonville, finally won yesterday.
My favorite team is the Washington Redskins. I've been a life long fan. How about your favorite team?
Ugh,, No Cowboys for me. The enemy. Haha. Tonight, Washington plays Philadelphia Eagles. Will you watch the game?
Yes, I have a lot of songs by him that I like a lot like Moonwalker, Dancing the Dream, and Billie Jean.
Yes, I loved it.
Yes, I know he starred in Captain CEO.
Okay. Did you like it because you like horror films?
World War Z was a horror film that was also writte
Yes, he's awesome. Mireille Enos also was great in it.
They're a good team. I watched them play the Rangers in Dallas. It was a good game. Are you a Red Sox fan?
Oh, are the they having a good season?
Oh, that sucks. Maybe next year will be better for them.
Sure, Timur Bekmambetov directed Night Watch and also Wanted. Have you seen either of those?
Night Watch is a great fantasy fiction-thriller. It was released in 2004.
Great! Enjoy!
Do you like Sci-Fi? He wrote the X-Men 2.
Yes! He also starred in Van Helsing and The Wolverine.
Yes. It also starred Kate Beckinsale.
Of course, Douglas Adams is an author who wrote the The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Series
Sure, the movie was released in 2005, by any chance are you interested in other works from 1986?
Great, I would recommend Zodiac as well as Wielding a Red Sword
You're very welcome
Are you looking for other movies written by Francis Ford Coppola?
He also wrote Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that?
Do you like Marlon Brando?
He was also in Godfather II. That was written by Francis Ford Coppola as well.
Do you like the fact that all of those movies are dramas?
Then, you might like Twixt, which is another Coppola film.
I think I read that the current head coach is Mike McCarthy - I know they are a team many cheer for.
Really? Cool fact. There's a place named Jim Thorpe in PA.
I agree - so many other places to see. I like the history places though like Gettysburg.
I heard the Dolphins are having a good year too
Do you like other sports?
I also watch college football, my favorite team is fsu
Sure! It is a romance drama, and one of the leads is Zooey Deschanel.
That is a great romance movie! I think then you would also appreciate Mr. Deeds and Laws of Attraction.
Definitely. Yesterday was a lLe is a sci-fi mystery, if you are into that.
Would you like it if I brought similar genre to you? Or ones based on the author?
What of Xenocide? Many people has said they've enjoyed reading this book.
It's a science fiction book written by Orson Scott Card. It's the third book in the series The Ender's Game
Of course I will, saving it to your favorites list now
Thomas F. Wilson starred in Born to Be Wild. It's a Drama. Are you in to that genre?
You will love this one. His co-stars were Peter Boyle, John Billingsley and Gregory Itzin to name a few.
You're welcome!
I know he's from Nashville and sang God Gave Me You.
I believe he signed with Reprise Records.
I believe in Nashville.
Of course! Sara Shepard wrote the hit teen drama book Pretty Little Liars, which was also made to a movie. Have you seen it?
You are correct! Pretty Little Liars is also a hit teen drama TV series. Do you like teen drama movies and tv series?
American Horror Story is a new TV series that is genre Horror. Have you seen it yet?
Another knew genre Horror TV series you may like is The Purge. Have you seen this show yet?
I really don't know anything about world football, only American football. Do you root for them?
Neither am I, truly. I like college football, mainly!
Great choice, the military teams have a great vibe. I also like The Citadel, they're an FCS Division 1 Team.
Sure, I'm a big fan of the coach, Mike Tomlin. He's pretty good, right?
He also coached the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and the Minnesota Vikings. Do you follow them?
I was also a big fan of Greg Schiano when he was the coach.
I do! He produced the amazing disaster movie Into the Storm.
Alycia Debnam-Carey starred in it. Matt Walsh starred in it as well.
Absolutely. Anything else I can help with?
Glad I could help.
She wrote Like water for chocolate
Lots of good movies came out in 1989 like "while my pretty one sleeps."
Isn't MHC great? I like her book The Cinderella Murder. Ever read it?
It was released in 2014. It's out in paperback now.
Her name is Kim Edwards the novel was released in 2005.
Juliette Fay, Jane Green
Your Welcome
How about Defending Jacob? I hear this is one of his finest writings
I believe it's a thriller movie. Speaking of movies, have you heard of 2012?
It's both a Science fiction and a drama at the same time.
He wrote the Moving Finger
I guess it was released in 1952
Welcome
Of course, I am not sure why everyone one thinks of Romeo and Juliet when they think of William Shakespeare. Have you read A Midsummer Night's Dream? Or Twelfth Night; or What You Will?
Twelfth Night is actually titled Twelfth Night: or What You Will but most people know it by Twelfth Night. Did you like it?
It is always nice to reread Shakespeare's work. There is so much we might miss the first time we read his witting. Enjoy!
Absolutely, Morten Tyldum is a Norwegian film make who has directed such movies as the Headhunters and The Imitation Game
One of the stars is Benedict Cumberbatch, are you a fan of this actor?
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
Khaled Hosseini wrote An The Mountains Echoed. It was released in 2012.
Yes, he has also written The Kite Runner. It is a romantic drama. Does that interest you?
You're welcome.
He is a great Cinematographer , Film Producer and lives in USA, do you want to know about his books?
He wrote La La Land , do you heard about that movie?
romantic musical film written and directed by Damien Chazelle. it was critically praised and starred by Rayan Goslin and Emma Stone. Do you like these actors ?
Do you want to know more about the recent movies by Damien Chazelle
Great .
Sure! She starred in The Situation, The Ice Harvest, and The Hunted. Do any of those sound interesting?
The Situation stars Shaun Evans and Damian Lewis. It is a great movie!
I definitely can!
I know that he stared in Friends with Benfits
It also starred Woody Harrelson and Rashida Jones it is a comedy I believe
Yes Mia Kunis starred in Friends with Benefits she also starred in Date Night
Yes, I do! The Breakfast of Champions is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr. who also wrote great books like Welcome to the Monkey House and Timequake.
Welcome to the Monkey House is a Speculative fiction that also fits for children's literature. Would you be interested to see more works under this genre?
Yes! Are you interested in the genre fiction or drama?
A drama I can recommend is The Crucible.
You're welcome!
Yes, Randy Pausch wrote The Last Lecture.
Yes, he did star in that movie. Have you seen it before?
Okay, I've added Star Trek to your list. Is there anything else I can do to assist you?
Sure Jonathan Levine wrote The Wackness and directed Warm Bodies and All the Boys Love Mandy Lane.
Wackness is a comedy drama and romance movie. Do you like movies like this?
Sure, Mary-Kate Olsen, Jane Adams, and Aaron Yoo starred in the movie Wackness.
Great glad I could help. Enjoy!
This classic tale of pirates and treasures with adventures on the high seas was written by Robert Louis Stevenson in 1882. Do you enjoy books like that?
Stevenson also wrote such notable books as The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde as well as Kidnapped. Do any of these sound interesting to you?
Of course! Which book shall we read first?
Excellent choice!
Ghost writer
Chinatown is also directed by Roman polanski
Sorry,I don't have information about that
The Hunger Games has genre Speculative fiction, do you want any other of this genre?
Well, he was a writer. he wrote White Fang and The Call of the Wild, both of which I think take place in Alaska. I know they made a film version of Call of the Wild in the nineties. Do you like historical fiction?
I think so too, but I never saw it. Do you want recommendations based off this genre?
Ok, I would suggest the book, Moby Dick. That's good historical fiction. There was also a movie made in 2015, which was about the story that inspired Moby Dick, called In the Heart of the Sea.
Donnie Darko stars Seth Rogan and is a hilarious thriller movie.
Seth Rogen starred in Superbad as well as Pineapple Express. Pineapple Express also stars Bill Hader.
Yes. James Franco was in the PIneapple Express. It was also produced by Judd Apatow.
James Franco starred in Spider-man, Shadows and Lies, as well as Sausage Party.
I am not sure but James Franco also starred in Flyboys.
Sure thing. She is most famous for writing Frankenstein; or, The Modern Prometheus.
It is a Science-Fiction book, do you like that?
No I'm afraid that it is not really romantic. It was authored in English.
You are welcome!
Fight Club is classified into main genres including Thriller and Cult film. Do you like those kind of movies?
Meat Loaf stars in Fight Club. He also stars in Wayne's World and The 51st State.
You're welcome!
Yes. He is a Australian soldier, translator and museum librarian. He is best known for translating the work of Erich Maria Remarque into English. Are you interested in any of his works?
A.W. Wheen wrote All Quiet on the Western Front which is the english version of Im Westen nichts Neues written by Erich Maria Remarque.
Can I help you with anything else today?
He directed The Siege as well as The Last Samurai. They are both action films.
Yes, Denzel was in that. Do you like Denzel movies?
He was also in Training Day, Pelican Brief and The Preacher's WIfe.
I believe so.
Yes
You're welcome
Not much. Isn't Fred Wilpon their owner? I think they call him Mr Met.
I remember they were the runner up for the 2000 World Series but I don't watch baseball much either.
Same! They came close to winning the World Series I think. LA goes crazy!
He wrote, SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling, Patriotic Prostitutes, and Why Suicide Bombers Should Buy Life Insurance, have you read that?
2009 is when it came out. Dubner also starred in a film called Freakonomics.
Bill Clinton and Steven D. Levitt were in this film as well.
Will do! I hope you like it! Have a nice day.
Sergio Leone wrote The Good the Bad and The Ugly and Once Upon A Time in the West.
Yes Eli Wallach starred in The Ghost Writer and Mystic River as well. Do you like Eli Wallachs movies?
Sure, A fist full of dollars, and A Few Dollars more are Sergio Leone Movies?
Yes, Once upon a time In America is also in that Genre. Do you want me to add it to your list?
Ok, sure, X- Men and Wrath of the Titans are very good action films. I added those to your list too.
you are welcome.
Yes, he is the same Author that wrote Welcome to the Monkey House are you interested in this book?
Are interested in speculative fiction genres?
Welcome to the Monkey House is a science fictional book that is simular to the novel The Two Towers would you be interested?
Have you seen Million Dollar Baby? Its a Drama.
It stars Michael Pena and Hilary Swank. Both great actors!
He starred in Levity with Billy Bob Thornton. Want to watch that one?
Sure! He starred in Unlawful Entry and The Vatican Tapes. Have you seen those?
I unfortunately do not have any information on the release dates for that movie. Would you like to know who also starred in it?
Of course. Carmen Argeniano starred in this film, who also starred in The Burning Season.
Sure, I can. There is Underdog (Action/Adventure Film), The Pacifier, The Country Bear, The Clockwork Girl, and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles which are some of the films he has starred in.
Underdog (Action/Adventure Film) is starring Jim Belushi, Jess Harnell, Jay Leno, Cam Clarke and
Jay Leno is also a Program Creator and a regular TV artist appearing on The Jay Leno Show which is a Talk Show genre.
They might be good for the NFC East, but I am more of a Cowboys fan.
Jeffrey Lurie owns the Eagles.
I prefer the Cowboys, but I also like the Broncos. What about you? What teams do you like?
They are a good team, they've won quite a lot of Super Bowls recently.
Sure! Ara Celi starred in American Beauty, a drama film directed by Sam Mendes. Have you seen it?
Great actors such as Alan Ball, Scott Bakula, and Peter Gallagher are in the movie.
Yes. If you like that genre, I also recommend you see Ordinary People written by Judith Guest.
Me too! I like Science Fiction, Action movies. Do you like those kind of movies as well?
Absolutely. X-Men 2 and Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea would be an excellent choice. Have you seen those movies?
X-Men 2 came out in 2003 and Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea came out in 1954. Pretty old but it's classic and original!
You're welcome. Hope you like it.
Hmm, is it the action genre you like or the actors
Have you seen Die Hard 2
Sure. Similar zombie genre includes Pride and Prejudice and Zombies and, in the horror genre, Shutter is similar
Yes, he is good. Other films with him are Fury, Troy and Seven
You're welcome
Yes! Peter Krause has starred in We Don't Live Here Anymore, The Truman Show, and Civic Duty. Have you seen those?
Are you referring to Naomi Watts?
She is nice! Naomi Watts has also starred in The Ring Two.
Yes, it is starring Ryan Reynolds and Huge Jackman. It is a thriller Sci-Fi, Do you like thriller movies?
You'll like The Change-Up and Finder's Fee if you like Ryan Reynolds. Do any of those sound good?
Olivia Wilde starred in it as well and Jason Mateman it was also written by Scott Moore
No problem. Anything else I can help you with?
Louis Leterrier has directed such films as The Transporter and The Incredible Hulk. Are you a fan of those types of films?
One of the most versatile stars would be Francois Berleand. Besides Transporter, he also starred in A Girl Cut in Two and tell no one. He seems to star mostly in French films from what I can tell.
I believe he starred in the film The Devil's Double with Ludivine Sagnier.
Hi, there! Yes, if you enjoy Good Will Hunting with Ben Affleck, you may enjoy Buffy the Vampire Slayer. He also stars in that movie.
There are several actors in this movie, which is Stephen Root, Natasha Gregson Wagner, Luke Perry, Ben Affleck and more.
No, Ben Affleck wrote The Town.
The Town is a Crime and Thriller movie. Would you like to watch it?
You're welcome!
Yes. He wrote Madame Bovary. Have you read it?
Madame Bovary is based on Literary Realism, it is a novel released in 1856.
It was 1856.
Yes, Literary Realism. Anything else I can help you with?
Suzanne's Diary for Nicholas or Son of the Shadows are also very good.
Sure thing.
Could you recommend any books similar to On the Road?
Eyes Wide Shut starred Nicole Kidman and Tom Cruise, do you like the movie because of the actors or the Thriller genre?
Days of Thunder was written and stars Tom Cruise. Randy Quaid is also in it. It's a sport Drama about Auto Racing.
It was released in 1990.
So glad to help, I hope you like it!
Not that i know of im not a fun of action movies.
Unfortunately not wish i could help you further.
The unbreakable by bruce willies is one of them
Try it you will like it im sure.
He is a Composer that did Ready to Go (Get Me Out of My Mind
He is the lead siner of Panic! and very talented.Did you know he was born in Summerlin, Nevada, a suburb of Las Vegas
I really like Pop punk
Star Trek III was one of them
no
Siddhartha was released in 1922 as a speculative fiction book written by Hilda Rosner and Hermann Hesse.
She also wrote Journey to the East.
The publication date is February 1, 2003.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
Not really, but I know he starred in You Again.
Yes I like them, most especially in Why Did I Get Married Too? do you like such movie?
Great, it's has a Romantic and Drama genre
Yes, he wrote Life of Pi, a very incredible adventure, fiction movie.
Yes, I'm definitely into that genre. It's one of my favorites. Wolf Brother and White Fang are great examples of adventure fiction films.
Yes, you are right!
And it's also a children's literature.
there is one Frankenstein ,I dont know many
This , I have no idea at all, which genre it is?
Do you like mysteries, i like murder misteries
there is one Lolita and Invitation to a Beheading
I do.did you know he was born in Winston-Salem, NC
Well the position he plays is Point guard,and his number is #3
Well i've read that Many players and analysts have called him the greatest shooter in NBA history
Frank McCourt wrote Teacher Man. do you think that something you will be interested in reading?
Teacher Man was released 2005. Did you know 2005 was the year that Flush was released?
You are welcome. let me know if i can help with anything else?
I love it. It is written by Thomas Harris. Do you like it?
You should check it out sometime. Red Dragon is also written by him. It is a great thriller.
1981
You are welcome.
I have never heard of that. Is that a person?
What do you know about him? What sport is he playing?
Well I guess that's something!
Certainly, Jack London wrote a few best sellers. White Fang, To Build a Fire and The Sea Wolf were big books for him.
Of course. Mister Pip and The Hunch back of Notre-Dame. Have you read those?
I think so. Is that the movie with Hilary Swank & Clint Eastwood?
I did not know that. I did like her in that TV show Beverly Hills, 90210. Did you see her in that?
oh ok. Are you a fan of boxing. I know that movie was about that.
Wasn't he is that movie Mommie Dearest? That was a crazy movie!
She was great in that thriller The Thomas Crown Affair. You should check that one out too.
Great! You will like Cinder written by Marissa Meyer.
It was released in 2012.
I don't know of J.K. Rowling
I definitely do! He wrote the classic Frankenstein as well as the Modern Prometheus. Are you a fan of either of those titles?
That's great, then I definitely know you'd appreciate the Modern Prometheus. Do you enjoy other genres of books?
If you haven't read the Harry Potter series I would definitely recommend it. If you're looking for something more serious, The Hunger Games is really good.
That is also a great novel series, with a similar tone to The Hunger Games, I would also suggest giving it a try!
Hope you enjoy!
Did you know he wrote Shrek 2?
You might like The Chronicles of Narnia. It was also written by Andrew Adamson.
The stadium is pretty sweet! Have you been?
Really? I have been to a couple, the most recent one was the Minute Maid Ballpark. Maybe I remember the stadium being better than it really was. It happens
That just brought back some memories. Maybe that didn't seem so bad to me since when I went to Minute Maid it was scorching hot and crowded. That's what killed the experience for me.
Do you know about Reno 911! ? it is TV program and comedy and Crime fiction genre. He also starred in We're the Millers. What is your Interest.?
Yes, Do you like comedy or crime fiction ?
The English Football Team? I'm a Tottenham fan, so there's no love for Chelsea! Do you like Football (soccer)?
Well, naturally I have to say Tottenham. Chelsea, Manchester United and Manchester City have the most name recognition in the US. Harry Kane is an awesome player. Wayne Rooney is highly overrated. It's a fun sport to follow and the flow of the game is much better than American football.
Oh definitely! Any sport is better live.
Do you like most love stories?
He also starred in the Pianist
It came out in 2002 about a Jewish musician in Warsaw after WWII
I'm not a huge fan of the Denver Broncos, but I do like their coach John Fox.
The Panthers are pretty cool. Jerry Richardson has owned that team for a really long time.
I'm not sure if he did either, but it's possible. Have you seen the movie Rudy? It's a football movie that's highly recommended.
Me too! Zoey 101 is a really good drama, but doesn't include football.
You're very welcome. Hope you enjoy!
They're the Runner up of 2000 World Series.
No, I don't even know them.
Hmmm, I haven't seen that. is it Terry Collins?
I only know he's an athlete
LeBron James is amazing, I do not know Kevin Durant
I have
I know that it was hilarious and that Lowell Cunningham wrote it.
There is the sequel, Men in Black II. However, I would not recommend Men in Black III.
I don't think it compared to the first two. That is just my opinion though.
Hope it is entertaining the second time around.
The Dark Knight which was also directed and produced by Christopher Nolan and he also Directed Insomnia and INception
The Dark Knight Rises is the sequal to the Dark Night. Inception stars Leonardo DiCaprio
Absolutely, Enjoy and have a great day.
Sure, he wrote The Mad Ship, and The Golden Fool. Have you read either of those?
It was released in 1999, the same year as Waiting
Some of his notable works are Canary in a Cat House ,Welcome to the Monkey House
Welcome to the Monkey House is a collection of 25 short stories. It is speculative fiction
The Handmaids tale, The hunger games, Brave new world are good ones
American History X wass directed by Tony Kaye. If you like his films, you might want to try Lake of Fire
It's a documentary, with appearances by Noam Chomsky and Pat Buchanan
It's an unflinching documentary shot in black and white, and focuses on the heated topic of abortion.
Enjoy!
E.V. Rieu is a british poet. Are you interested in poetry?
Hw did write The Flattered Flying Fish and Other Poems in 1962 He mainly did children poems
His day job was initiator and editor of the Penguin Classics series of books
Cheryl Strayed wrote Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail.
It was released in 2012 and is the genre Memoirs
your welcome
I agree. There are a few others like it including If You Take a Mouse to the Movies and If You Give a Pig a Pancake.
Yes they are all written by Laura Joffe Numeroff. I highly recommend her work for kids.
Hope you both enjoy it.
That is a psychological thriller. Do you enjoy that genre?
Panic Room is a good one. Have you seen it?
Yes, if you enjoyed Panic Room, you should try out When a Stranger Calls. After that, check out Abandon!
Great, I am always happy to help. Enjoy the movies!
Yes, I could books written by Charles Duhigg "The Power of Habit"
The book itself is about the power of forming habits and how easy it is to form them but, very difficult to break them.
Yes, of course!
The Godfather is written by Mario Puzo and Francis Ford Coppola
He's one of the best to have ever played in the NBA.
he was the commissioner for exactly 30 years. He stepped down in 2014.
The Chicago Bulls are an American professional basketball team based in Chicago, Illinois. The Bulls compete in the National Basketball Association as a member of the league's Eastern Conference Central Division
Jerry Reindsdorf, James D. Stern
Who knows , they might. Overall, it is a great team
You are welcome
The novel was written by Nicholas Sparks. The film version was penned by Jamie Linden. Are you familiar with either?
The film? Directed by Joseph Ruben and released in 2003, it is a wonderful film that leaves an everlasting impression. Do you agree?
Happy to be of assistance!
Do you like Crescendo because is it a Fantasy Movie?
I could give you some recommendations for other books by Jane Austen or I could suggest some other romance novels.
Then I think you would enjoy Persuasion, also by Jane Austen.
Sure, it is a romance novel that was released in 1817. I have heard great things about it.
Happy reading!
I like their Meteora Album. Are you in to rap metal?
Yup along with Wu-Tang Clan. You like them?
Sure! Andrew Stanton directed WALL-E and Finding Nemo.
Finding Nemo stars Stephen Root & Albert Brooks. It is a family/animation film.
She sure does, she plays Dory. Ellen also has has a Talk show.
No problem!
I have The Powerpuff Girls movie. Is that you're kind of thing?
Yes she did! It also starred Tom Kane.
Well, I have the BFG starring Mark Rylance and Little Women starring Christian Bale and Eric Stoltz...my personal favorite.
10-4
He plays cricket and was also in the film Jumbo.
I didn't know the about his father. He was also in Slumdog Millionaire.
Interesting, he is a very talented guy.
That's right! He's a point-guard for the Portland Trail Blazers who he was drafted for!
I think you are right, that sounds familiar! Do you watch basketball often?
Wow! I think you might be right! He was born in Seattle so that makes sense! What a successful man!
Amazing movie, starring Helena Bonham Carter and Colin Firth
That's correct. It was a fantasy mini-series, also starring Miranda Richardson
I enjoyed that as well! Stacy Keach was so good!
Yes, I like some of her music. She has a beautiful voice for a singer. Did you know she composes a lot of music?
Isn't she the one who hid her face under a white wig for a long time? I really enjoy her music, too.
I like one of her earlier songs called Colour the Small One.
They're a great part of the National Football League and I've liked watching Zack Broman's career.
Super Bowl X was super fun and I'm a big fan of Marcus Spears. Do you watch the Super Bowl?
Yes, the commercials are the best part of the game.
I think he is a very skilled basketball player from Oklahoma City.
He is a power forward like Shawne Williams and Steve Novak.
Yes he plays that position for the Trail Blazers, did you know he is originally from Baton Rouge?
Sure, The Pillars of the Earth has genre Thriller.
Do you like comedies movies or you like Hayley Atwell?
She starred in many movies like Cassandra's Dream, Restless and The Winter Soldier
Absolutely!
Yes. Jake Gyllenhaal and Heath Ledger are the lead actors in the film.
For what it's worth, Jake is a male and End of Watch was excellent. If you liked him in that, you might want to consider Source Code
Looking at the stats they have lost more games than they have won.
Smith was fired in 2016 because of his coaching record I am not for sure what the excuse is now because they are still losing
Yes I like to go to any football games from High School to professional
Sure. Would you like another book by J.K. Rowling, or some suggestions in the fantasy genre?
Aside from the Harry Potter series, Rowling does have some other fantasy books- your niece might like The Casual Vacancy or Quidditch Through the Ages.
Great! The Tales of Beedle the Bard is another one by Rowling she might enjoy if she hasn't already read it.
I'll send you the book previews and shopping links now.
Woody Allen wrote the romance film To Rome With Love. Are you a fan of romance movies?
Woody Allen along with Judy Davis. Woody Allen also wrote Bananas. Maybe you would like that instead.
Enjoy!
Sure! I have one called Scream of the Banshee.
I'm sorry, but I don't have any of those. Do you like a different genre?
Yes, what about Down Periscope?
You're Welcome!
He wrote The Virgin Suicides and The Picture of Dorian Gray.
It is a fiction work about memory.
It was released ion 1993 the same year as Voyager by Diana Gabaldon.
Jeffrey Eugenides also wrote The Marriage Plot.
Of course do you like Seth Rogen?
This is the End is a good one, Superbad, and Knocked up as well. All are comedies.
Yes he stars in that! You should definitely check it out. James Franco and Channing Tatum are in it too.
Welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Tom Hardy starred in The Virginia Queen, Gideon's Daughter, and Colditz. Do yo ulike his work?
Miranda Richardson also starred in Harry Potter, Merlin, and The Phantom Of The Opera.
Yes, it's a drama thriller. Do you like those genres of movies?
Sure, I have added it to your list. Hope you enjoy!
Yes, and I like her spouse Simon Koneckl
I like that song Helloooooo
Yes, what was her recent album?
Inception is written and directed by Christopher Nolan.
Yes he did. The Dark Knight is Film noir genre, and The Prestige is a drama.
Man of Steel he produced which is of these genres.
Zombieland and Zoom are Sci-Fi movies that are popular.
Waterworld is also a Sci-Fi movie.
You're welcome.
Daniel Alves da Silva, commonly known as Dani Alves, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a right back for French club Paris Saint-Germain and the Brazil national team
Yes, soccer player. In other countries, soccer is known as football.
I think they might win the NFC North. Jay Cutler plays great this season.
I don't know, I feel their coach Zimmer doesn't really knows what he is doing.
Oh definitely, he really stands out this season!
Great Expectations by Charles Dickens is a novel about social criticism and the working class in the 1860's. Is that author of interest, or that time period?
Well he also wrote A Tale of Two Cities, which is a classic. Another such book is Empire Falls.
Empire Falls is an adventure about Maine.
It's also about the working class, originally written in English.
I can tell you more about this book. It was written by Richard Russo who won a Pulitzer Prize.
You're welcome.
Sure, she wrote The Siren. If you like young-adult fiction, she's definitely a must-read.
She also wrote The Selection and The Prince. Have you read them?
Sure. This is also classified as a science fiction book. It came out in 2012.
You're welcome! Happy reading!
Tom Cruise was great in that one. Have you seen Born of War?
Yes, it is. It is similar to Days of Thunder, which Tom Cruise also starred in.
Lolita is a good example of a Drama and a Romance. You might want to try it?
Sorry I was not more help.
Nineteen Eighty-Four, published in 1949, was written by George Orwell. His other most popular work is Animal Farm.
Other books that would fit into the Science Fiction genre that were written at around the same time include Fahrenheit 451 and Brave New World. Would you like to hear any of these?
My pleasure!
I like the actor Michael Biehn. Do you know of any movies he starred in?
Well, he's a cartoonist and illustrator. He's famous for Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas: A Savage Journey to the Heart of the American Dream. Still interested?
It was written by Ralph Steadman and released in 1971. Have you read it already?
Certainly. I think you might enjoy Behind Closed Doors. It's in the similar genre and venue. How does that sound?
Anytime. Let me know if you liked it!
Adam Brown starred in The Hobbit series including The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey and The Desolation of Smaug.
The first movie The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey was released in 2012.
No problem.
Sure! He starred in The woods,The words and Silver Linings Playbook.
It was released 2012 and starred oliver Platt.
That was a great thriller movie. I highly recommend, also The Dark water movie.
The Hobbit or There and Back Again was released 1937. 1937 was the year that released Think and Grow Rich. what else can i answer for you today?
Think and Grow Rich has genre Business. Business has examples: Utilitarianism. anything else i can answer for you today?
yes it was. Napoleon Hill : Influenced By: Thomas Edison. what else can i do for you?
ok have a great day
Edgar Allan Poe is a literary great. He was known for The Raven. His other works include The Tell-Tale Heart
The Raven was released in 1844. That year The Life and Adventures of Martin Chuzzlewit was also released.
You're welcome!
I see him listed as a player on the national football team of Spain but I don't know if that is FC Barcelona or Arsenal F.C.
I think he plays in the Santiago Bernabeu Stadium.
Spain, maybe the city of Santiago.
I recommend the movie Lion King
I also recommend the movie Tangled
Okay good luck
He directed The Good Thief, a dramatic Indie film starring Ralph Fiennes. Do you like that actor?
It also stars Nutsa Kukhianidze, Ouassini Embarek, and Nick Nolte.
Yes, that's correct. The End of the Affair was written by Graham Greene.
You're quite welcome. Any time!
He directed Grindhouse. If you are into action films then this is a must see Tarantino movie.
He wrote Grindhouse which is co-written by Eli Roth.
He directed House of 1000 Corpses. Have you seen it?
I hope you like it!
The Baader Meinhof Complex is similar, have you seen it?
It was written by Bernd Eichinger and starred Alexandra Maria Lara.
Bruno Ganz also starred in the movie.
You're welcome.
I know he's a singer, but do not know much about him. Are you a fan?
Oh I love Nicki Minaj! Her song Super Bass is awesome!
Oh, I don't think I've heard that yet. I'll look it up on Spotify. Thanks!
City of Heavenly Fire is written by Cassandra Clare and was released in 2014
The Mortal Instruments is something you might like.
Yes it has other series such as City of Bones and City of Ashes.
great choice. Enjoy.
Sure, I know its part of a series written by David Sedaris, and the next book is called Me Talk Pretty One Day, Me Talk Pretty. Which is a funny title, and apparently, a funny book. Does that sort of thing interest you?
Oh, good! He wrote another fiction humor book called Holidays on Ice. Have you heard of it?
Of course. I know, whats life without comedy, right? I hope you enjoy it!
Fred Willard has starred in Youth in Revolt, Waiting for Guffman, WALLE and This Is Spinal Tapn
The genre of Youth in Revolt is Romance, Humour, Fiction, Epistolary novel, Drama and Comedy.
You're most welcome! Is there anything else I can help with?
Is there more information that you need about the Youth in Revolt?
Are you sure you are done?
I would say that The Lord of War would be a good one to watch
Nicolas Cage stars in The Lord of War. It's a true story as well.
The movie was released in 2005. Very good movie.
He starred in RoboCop 3. Would you be interested in other movies that were acted by him?
The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones is one of them
Yes, it is. You know he also starred in the movie Zoom?
Sure, Are you referring to Anne Hathaway or Meryl Streep?
She's a very popular actress and has won many awards. Shes
Yes! She was. I heard it was a very good movie!
You're welcome! Enjoy.
That one was released in 1997.
Titanic and Men In Black are two big movies released that year.
Sure, he wrote everything from Fiction, to Children's literature, and Young adult fiction. Do you have a preference?
You might want to try Wayside School is Falling Down then. It was co-written by Louis Sachar and Joel Schick.
Enjoy.
Yes, Dan Gilroy wrote The Bourne Legacy and directed Nightcrawler.
Tony Gilroy, wrote The Bourne Identity and The Bourne Supremacy.
Windtalkers and You Only Live Twice are action films.
Ponyo, a great adventure film, have you seen it?
It's a mix of drama and fantasy.
The major stars are Yûki Amami and Yuria Nara.
Actually, it is a very popular anime. You should check it out.
Yes, he directed Boogie Nights and he wrote AND directed There Will Be Blood.
Philip Seymour Hoffman and Najarra Townsend Starred. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Of course!
Sure, have you read The Girl on the Train?
Of course, The Girl on the Train is also a movie and has music by Philippe Sarde
Great, would you like me to provide more recommendations of Paula Hawkins work?
Cool, The Girl on the Train is genre Drama, do you like Drama books?
Sure! Have you read Noel?
Cool. I also recommend Gorillas in the Mist, have you read this one?
Its a mystery genre. Do you like mystery?
Violets Are Blue is a great one you should read
Yes he also writes a lot of suspense. Do you like suspense?
you are welcome
Pinn
Pinn is the name of the book
Yes
fiction
anything else?
I have never read the book myself I have heard great things
Arthur Golden and yes he has written
Yes he is a great writer
Thank you have a great day
I think he's great! He starred in Scream 4.
Yep! It's a Slasher, Thriller and Parody movie. I really liked it.
Yeah! Courtney Cox was in The Company, right? She's great.
I love that show. I'm actually going to go watch it now. Thanks for the info!
Dr. Seuss. Would you liek to know others?
Cool! Yertle the Turtle and Horton Hears a Who! are also written by Dr. Seuss.
Also released in 1958 was Tom's Midnight Garden, also Children's literature.
That's a funny movie. It stars Seth Rogan and Jack Black.
He was in the second movie Kung Fu Panda 2.
Yes, and he wrote that one as well.
You are very welcome!
I have not heard of E.B. White. Is this person an author?
Sure, Cheaper by the Dozen is a drama and Camp is a musical comedy.
Steve Martin and Bonnie Hunt who are fabulous actors.
This was released in 2003, and Joel Cohen was the screen writer.
Yes it is, it is a family comedy, very funny and true to life
Great, Enjoy
Paul Winfield, Michael Biehn and Brian Thompson were all in it. Its a a great action film.
He did...along with Oprah Winfrey and Lynn Whitfield.
Yes. He starred in it too with Robin Givens.
Definitely.
Natascha McElhone starred in several movies and show like The Secret of Moonacre, The Devil's Own, and The Truman Show. Have you seen these movies?
It was released in 1998 and is directed by Peter Weir. Jim Carrey and Ed Harris starred in this movie too.
Deception Point was written by Dan Brown
Science Fiction
Great, I show Maurice Sendak wrote Little Bear, have your read that?
Little Bear is a family genre, have you seen the television series?
Perfect, I think you'll enjoy it, it's animation, do you like those?
Enjoy, another one you might like is Horton Hears a Who.
Cool, well add it to your list.
Eraserhead and Inland Empire were both directed by him.
Eraserhead is a science fiction movie. Similar to the movie Idiocracy.
It isa great movie, you should watch it. Jack Nance and Hal Landon Jr. are both in it.
It's a pretty old one, released in 1977.
Of course. Enjoy!
Your welcome
Have you seen the Great Gatsby?
How about The Sound of Music?
Julie Andrews, Christopher Plummer
Your Welcome
She's a great actress who's starred in movies like W and The yards
I don't know a lot about him but I believe he is a pretty decent tennis player. Do you follow tennis?
Oh. Hands down. No doubt. There strength and skill is nearly supernatural. Did you know Venus owns the Miami Dolphins?
Yes, Venus and Serena became part of owners of Dophins somewhere around 2010. Tom isn't the head coach is he? I though that was Joe Philbin.
Sure, do you like the Crime or Drama aspect of it?
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is a great book you might like. Hoe does that sound?
Would you like to know more about the book? It was written by Stieg Larrson.
I know she's a very popular pop singer and had won awards.
Some of the songs I've heard are good, so yes. Did you know she got an MTV Video of The Year music award?
I did not. Interesting.
Yes, Peter Gallagher starred in The O. C. and While You Were Sleeping. What genre do you like?
Yes she does star in it as does Bill Pullman.
He starred in Summer Lovers, Hello, My Name is Doris, and After.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
I am not sure if he has produced any movies, but he wrote The Portable Atheist and Alice Adventures in Wonderland
I'm sorry I do not have that info right now
Not that I'm aware of
You're welcome
He played on the Colombia National Football team. Are you a fan?
I did not know that. Wasn't James Rodriguez also on FC Porto?
James Rodriguez is a midfielder. Midfielders do most of the running!
I loved tennis too! I think I've heard of Serena, she was in that movie Hair Show. I think they're sister.s
Was Brett Ratner in Scarface with Michelle Pfeiffer and Al Pacino?
She was excellent. Such a great crime movie. It's a classic for sure.
Have you read 3 Cups of Tea, The Year of Magical Thinking and Scar Tissue?
That was written by Greg Mortenson.
Yes. Lovely Bones released in 2002
I'm not sure, that information isn't available.
I recommend White Fang, to Kill a Mockingbird and WinterGirls.
Yes and also The Call of the Wild a, speculative fiction.
You are welcome.
She is married to Shoaib Malik, right? She is a decent tennis player.
They will get super athletic kids haha. I remember seeing a game of Mirza at the 2012 Olympics. She lost to Hantuchova.
I think she went all the way and won the golden medal in Wembley stadium.
Oh yes it was his big breakthrough year!
Sure! Are you looking for other fantasy or adventure movies?
The Golden Compass was written by Chris Weitz and is in that genre.
It stars Magda Szubanski. She's pretty brilliant in it.
Great! Glad I could help!
Whiplash stars J.K. Simmons from The Good Doctor right?
Yes, that's right. Orlando Bloom also stars in the thriller
Yes, i believe he did. He is a very good actor.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr wrote that fiction book. Would you like to read more by him?
I believe his most famous book is Slaughterhouse 5.
Yes. I would recommend reading both of them.
Yes I do. Mark Waters directed The Spiderwick Chronicles and Mr. Popper's Penguins. Have you heard of these?
It was written by John Sayles but directed by Mark Waters and released in 2008.
It is an adventure film. Do you like adventure films? It stars Martin Short.
I heard he was a winner in the 2010 Masters Tournament. Do you know of any other matches that he won?
Looks like he took part in the show Entourage. Were you aware of this?
Thought you'd agree
He actually wrote some really interesting books like Utterly Cold Blooded and Breakfast at Tiffany's. Are you a fan of his work?
Yes he did! Mickey Roony was an amazing guy all around, I'm seeing he was originally from Brooklyn and was a musician as well!
Definitely, I know i can recommend Everything is Illuminated and Beaches if your a fan of comedy-dramas. Also the movie The Proposal!
I can give you a couple of high recommendations. Have you ever heard of Who Moved My Cheese or The One Minute Manager? Both are high quality books written by Mr. Blanchard.
Sort of. It gives ways to improve your work and personal life, although you wouldn't be able to tell by the title! It was published in 1998.
Great! The One Minute Stranger is a great book for management skills and was published in 1981, well before Cheese. If you decide to read Cheese, I hope you enjoy!
Yes I do! Sam Taylor-Johnson directed Nowhere Boy and Fifty Shades of Grey, and
Ophelia Lovibond and David Threlfall were both in Nowhere Boy.
Yes, it is a biographical film.
Do you enjoy Hunter S Thompson?
.Yes, he did write Hell's Angels. As far as Action films - how about V for Vendetta, The Game, or Marathon Man?
If you're talking about V for Vendetta, yes, but I believe it was listed as action as well. Would you like other suggestions?
They wrote some good books like The Virgin Blue, The Last Runaway and my favorite Remarkable Creatures. Are these of interest to you?
Historical Fiction, do you like books from that genre?
Most of her books are of a Historical fiction Genre. I would suggest watching the movie and even comparing it to the book.
Absolutely, Enjoy
Certainly, Frank Darabont wrote The Mist. It is considered a classic. Have you read The Mist?
Yes. Do you like Chris Owen movies?
Definitely. Glad you enjoy them. I have some Romance recommendations if you like those.
Yes. Any other information you would like about Annie Hall?
He wrote the Bourne Legacy
matt damon
thriller action
the bourne series
yes they are awesome
anything else
The author, Shel Silverstein, also wrote A Light in the Attic I think you would like.
Yes, he wrote many! Including, The Giving Tree, Falling Up, and The Missing Piece.
My data relates Shel Silverstein to authors like Dr. Seuss, William Joyce, and Robert Munsch.
Of course, I'm always here to help!
Luke Bryan is a Musician and singer- songwriter.
Yes, Taylor swift composed Eyes open and Love Story
She is a very talented Artist and speak now was great
Yes, Laura Hillenbrand wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption and Seabiscuit? Are you familiar with any of these?
Sure, it's a story about a champion race horse that was also made into a Hollywood blockbuster film. Does that sound interesting to you?
You're very welcome. Hope you enjoy them!
Sure, he directed the Music movie The Doors, and also the Football movie Any Given Sunday.
Among others, Mimi Rogers and Michael Madsen are in The Doors.
Yes it is! It is a Backstage Musical Biographical film about the band.
No problem, hope you'll enjoy it!
He's an excellent author. I liked his speculative fiction novel The Wise Man's Fear. Do you like him?
If you like speculative fiction you might also enjoy The Shelters of Stone.
I hope you like it.
Did you like Divergent because it's a Young-adult fiction?
Great! You may like Wildwood and Wicked Lovely as they're both Young-adult fiction. Have you seen those?
He is an athlete isn't he
Sorry I do not know any more have you heard of the athlete Andy Murray?
Thiago Silva is Brazilian and does martial arts
Were they the team that were Runner-up in the Super Bowl VIII games?
Yeah, but I'm more on and off. What of the 2008 NFL season? Can you tell me more about who won that time?
Okay, just curious to know who won.
Sure. Pitch Perfect stars Anna Kendrick. Would you like other movies with her?
Anna Kendrick also stars in The Last Five Years, Scott Pilgrim vs. the World, and voice-acted in Trolls.
She's also in ParaNorman, Into the Woods, and of course Pitch Perfect 2.
The Last Five Years is a Musical theatre comedy, similar to Pitch Perfect. Is that interesting to you?
You might check out Camp, a musical comedy film, and Up in the Air, a romantic comedy.
no problem!
Did he write The Road?
Yes, he played cricket for the India National Cricket Team. Are you a fan of cricket?
Not really. I do like Kevin O'Brien though.
Yes he was. Would you have guessed he was born in Dublin?
Scott Westerfeld wrote The Uglies Trilogy, as well as Pretties ironically
Sure, The Uglies Trilogy (Uglies, #1-3) was released in 2007. It is an interesting collection, definitely worth checking out
2007 was the year that Y: The Last Man Vol. 9: Motherland came out. Y: The Last Man Vol. 9: Motherland is by Brian K. Vaughan
You are very welcome
I like him very much, I have seen him on the Spain national team. Do you know what other team he plays for?
I think he played or plays for FC Barcelona but I usually follow the Premiership. Do you have a favorite team?
I believe so, I liked him when he was coaching Manchester United.
He is one of my favorite coaches besides Sir Alex Ferguson.
Absolutely, He wrote Catch-22, the war novel. It's one of my favorites.Do you like war novels?
Sure, Heller released that book in 1961 and it was about World War 2. 1961 was a big year for releases including West Side Story and Winter of Discontent
Sure, it is written by E.L. James. Have you read Fifty Shades Darker
Sure, you can try The Fault in Our Stars, Bared to You, Twilight
It is a romantic novel written by Sylvia Day
I was released in 2012
Sure, enjoy the book
He wrote Sämtliche Erzählungen and In der Strafkolonie. Have you heard of those before?
Speculative fiction, similar to The Power and the Glory.
Your welcome.
Sure! That was written by Laura Hillenbrand. Are you a fan of her work?
She also wrote Seabiscuit. Have you read that? It was about a horse and was released in 1999.
I am happy to help. Enjoy!
Sure. He starred in Braveheart and thats a great movie
I don't, sorry. I do know it was produced by Alan, Ladd, Jr. and its a historical drama
I am not sure, but I see now that it was written by Randall Wallace
Sure. He wrote, directed, and produced We Were Soldiers which was a great film and
It is listed under many genres including war, history, drama, and action.
He wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
It came out in 2007. Wreck This Journal also came out that year. Have you heard of it?
It's by Keri Smith. You might like it if you enjoyed The War of the Worlds.
I'm always happy to help!
For one thing, I always admired Mike Shanahan, the coach.
That's a yes on the Oakland Raiders and I will have to check on the Broncos.
I do not find that one.
Sure. For books, Drama - by Gurihiru is probably closest. In film there are a few more such as The Messenger, The Good Girl, The English Patient and Swing Time
It is not listed as Sci-Fi. However, other examples in that genre include The Last Man, The Stand, The Invaders and The Giver.
The Stand was written by Stephen King. If you liked Snow Crash you might also like Cyberpunk as it is also a Sci-Fi piece.
Sure! Tropic Thunder was written by Ben Stiller, so I recommend you The Cable guy.
Andy Dick and Charles Napier starred this movie
Zoolander is a good option for you.
She wrote Written in My Own Hearts Blood and Voyager. Have you heard of these?
2014 along with Milk and Honey and Zero to One. Great suggestions as well
I believe it is for personal benefits
Enjoy
He directed Cutthroat Island, Family movie
Harris Yulin and Frank Langella starred in it. The made a good part.
It was released in 1995.
You are welcome
Yes I do They played great last year and aren't doing to bad this year either. They were runner ups in the Super Bowl XLI
I don't think so, i think they need to get a couple of better players and they should be able to beat just about all the AFC teams.
I like the Bears but I am a die hard Dallas Cowboys fan always, so The Pittsburg Steeler is a rival that we have played in the Super Bowl a couple of times. But i do like Mike Tomlin their coach.
Sure! He directed Fair Game which was written by John-Henry and Jez Butterworth. It's a drama. Do you like dramas?
Yes, it was! It was part of the 2010 festival.
The music was by John Powell. Are you interested in movie music?
I sure do! It starred Ty Burrell, Sean Penn, and Sam Shepard. They are all amazing actors!
His brother is Jez Buttersworth, who co-wrote the movie with him.
Isn't he married to Gabrielle Union? I'm more familiar with her.
I loved her in the movie Think Like A Man. Have you watched it?
Yes he did! He co-star in it was Taraji P. Henson. I really loved the movie!
Great movie. It's a sci-fi starring Gary Oldman.
It also stars Andy Serkis and Jason Clarke.
Yesterday Was a Lie and Zoom are also Sci-Fi films.
Have fun!
Noam Murro directed the movie 300: Rise of an Empire. Have you seen that movie?
Sullivan Stapleton is lead actor in the movie. Peter Mensah is also stars in the movie.
Yes, the movie was released in 2014. Would you like any other War movie recommendations?
The Spiderwick Chronicles is a Fantasy movie just like 300: Rise of an Empire.
You are correct. Eva Green is the heroine of the film.
Eva Green from 300: Rise of an Empire was born in Paris, France.
Welcome! Now watch 300: Rise of an Empire!
I live in LA so I'm definitely a fan! I think it's crazy Magic Johnson helped buy the team for $2 Billion!
Definitely, since he retired from basketball he has became quite the author and entrepreneur!
I agree, I hope he makes the best of his life since he is suffering with HIV/AIDS.
Yes, Mervyn Peake wrote the movie adaptation of the Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde. Do you like books made into movies?
Are you interested in the version that was released in 1941 or 2008?
That version starred Dougray Scott and Krista Bridges.
You might also enjoy Gone With the Wind or Pride and Prejudice.
You're welcome.
Sure, there's The Sword of Shannara or Wideacre.
I'm not exactly sure but it was written by Philippa Gregory.
No idea, but Wideacre was a well written book.
Actually, I'm not really familiar with him or Manchester United. Are you a soccer fan?
I'm afraid I'm not familiar with him either. I'm from the South and we are more into NCAA football down here.
Oh yes, we love our Crimson Tide down here. Is there a 'season' for soccer like there is for football?
I'll have to check out some soccer games then since college football season is coming to an end.
He wrote Das Parfum , he is a german writer and screenwriter. Have you heard of this?
Yes it's written by John Steinbeck and the similar book would be The Master Butchers, Tropic of Cancer. do you like John Steinbeck?
I'm sorry I do not know. Breathing Lessons is a similar novel to that and is in Fiction. Do you like Fiction?
That's awesome. Breathing Lessons is by Anne Tyler. I can recommend more books by Anne Tyler for you next time.
Digging to America was released 2006. Are you interested in books that published during that year?
Indeed it is! Sarah Waters is the writer.
You're most welcome.
Sure! In Bruges was written by Martin McDonagh which also wrote Seven Psychopaths.
Yes! And Helena Mattsson also is starring in the movie.
Yes, she starred in You and I which is a thriller film and in Surrogates which is a sci-fiction film.
Sure, no problem!
It stars George Clooney and Holly Hunter. It was directed by Joel Coen.
She also starred in Thirteen. Did you see that one?
She was also in Moonlight Mile and Miss Firecracker.
You're welcome. Enjoy your movie.
It was released in 2010 and it is an adventure genre.
It was written by arthur c. clarke
As i stated earlier it is in adventure genre.
Yes they also wrote 2010 also an adventure genre and was later produced by peter hyams
It was released in 2012 and it is a Triller. Do you like Trillers?
now I dont have this information. However Roland Emmerich produced Independence day. A action movie. Do you like Action?
Sure A New Hope has an action and fantasy genre. Do you want to stay in these genres?
The Golden Compass and Harry Potter both fall under these genres. Is this what you were looking for?
I would recommend Galaxy of the Guardians and also Interstellar both space Sci Fi
Jessica Chastain and it was released in 2014
Enjoy!
Yes, I know it's in the Adventure and Sci-Fi genres and it's big star is Jennifer Lawrence.
Actually his brother Paul directed American Pie. But Chris starred in it.
Shannon Elizabeth is in it, Do you like her?
I don't know. But Tara Subkoff is in, I do know that.
You're welcome!
I don't really follow tennis too much. That's one of those sports that's much more fun to play than to watch, but I hear he's very good.
I've seen a few on TV but never in person. You play tennis then? Is it as much fun as it looks?
Great! I might borrow a friend's racket and get one of my kids to go play with me sometime.
Yes, one of them is Le Petit Prince.
Yes, it was also written by Dom Marcos Barbosa and Antoine de Saint-Exupéry. Is there anything more I can help you with?
He was a Musician.
I would recommend all of the X-Men movies, have you seen The Last Stand?
You might like Logan, Deadpool and Avengers also, do you want to know more about one of those?
Logan stars Hugh Jackman and is an action movie based on his character the Wolverine. Does that help?
You got it, you are welcome.
Yes, Pete Docter wrote Monsters, which is a genre Adventure. Do you like Adventure movies?
No I have not, he directed Looper and the Brothers Bloom
I like to watch romance films too
Your welcome
Peter Bart wrote The Godfather. The Godfather has genre Historical period drama
Robert Thompson and Mario Puzo also wrote The Godfather. Are you interested in this movie?
The Godfather was released in 1972
The Green Mile is written by Stephen King, do you like his books?
Horror is Stephen King's specialty. The Dead Zone is a good one.
Many of his books have been made into film. The Green Mile is one of them. The Shawshank Redemption, The Shinning and Thinner are some examples.
Maybe now you can watch the movie, since you're done with The Green Mile book! Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are so welcome!
Sure. I can recommend you Orphan Train released in 2013
I can also recommend The Way Life Should Be, Sweet Water and Bird in Hand
Yes, all are novels,non-fiction books
Of course! I Am Legend stars Will Smith and Emma Thompson. Do you like movies starring Will Smith?
Will Smith also stars in I, Robot which is also a Sci-Fi action movie. Have you seen this movie yet?
Will Smith also stars in Independence Day, which is a Sci-Fi Action Movie and a big box office hit. Did you see it yet?
Hot Fuzz is an action and adventure film. I have not seen it do you like it?
It was released in 2007 too. What genre would you like me to look for?
Yes "Your Highness" written by Danny McBride and starring Zooey Deschanel is an adventure film
I know he is a talented singer song writer, do you like him?
I like Justin Timberlake too, definitely wins the Justin contest over Justin Bieber!
Elton John is excellent, my favorite song is Tiny Dancer, how about you?
To kill a Mockingbird was released in 1960
Yes, it was released in 1960 and written by Sheila Burnford
Sure. It was written by Claude-Michel Schönberg, it stars Hugh Jackman, Anne Hathaway and Alain Boublil. It's genre is romance. Is there anything else you would like to know?
Sure. Other movies that are similar to that genre include Oliver!, Grease, and Rent.
OK. More recent examples include Rock of Ages, Jersey Boys and A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum
It was written by Quinn K. Redeker
Michael Cimino
Yes she is great in The River Wild also
William Lucking
I don't know too much about the Denver Broncos this season. Do you ?
Awww man, well that sucks hopefully they're pull it out and do better. Didn't they win the Superbowl against the Patriots in 2018 ?
I sure did. Charles Frazier wrote it and I think he is just amazing.
Yes, I did. It was quite a different role than the last film I saw with her which was Shark's tale. So are you interested in something comperable to Cold Mountain?
Okay, then. Perhaps you should try Free State of Jones. It is similar and was released in 2016.
He has starred in many films! Do you like crime fiction or thriller films?
The Good Doctor is a fairly popular thriller you may recognize that he is in. Have you heard of it?
Orlando Bloom possibly. Wade Williams, Troy Garity, and Rob Marrow also play in it.
Yup, James Russo and Johnny Depp to name a couple. Do you like those actors?
I love the Rum Diary with Michael Rispoli. Do you like Dramas?
Me too! Have you seen Dark Shadows? Or maybe Happily Ever After?
Such a good one. Enjoy!
The Fugitive stars Harrison Ford. Are you a fan? It also stars Daniel Roebuck.
It was released in 1993. Harrison Ford was so good in that movie. He also starred in What Lies Beneath. Have you seen it?
That's awesome! What other genre do you prefer? Adventure?
He was also in Raiders of the Lost Ark. That's a classic!
I am not sure about that. But Tommy Lee Jones is awesome.
You're welcome!
Yes, J. M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan, released in 1904.
Perhaps you would like The Little White Bird, released in 1902.
The Little White Bird is a British novel by J. M. Barrie, ranging in tone from fantasy and whimsy to social comedy with dark, aggressive undertones. It was published in 1902.
You're very welcome! Enjoy!
I only know that he's an Athlete that plays football.
I'm not sure. I think it's referred to as the Madrid Football Club.
You are welcome.
Fast Five starred Vin Diesel and is an action movie. It's sequel is Fast and Furious. Do you like action movies?
He was in one called XXX that also starred Tom Everett. He was also in Dances with Wolves.
It's one of my favorites. The cinematography by Dean Semler was the best. I'd recommend you watch anything with Tom Everett in it.
Yes he is an actor who starred in the movie Made which is a reality television thriller.
Yes it does! Do you like Jonathan Silverman?
If you like him you should check out These Old Broads and The Cookout! They are quite good
Yes he did star in this along with Debbie Reynolds and Peter Graves.
She did. Did you like The Gazebo?
It was really good Glenn Ford was in it, he's a good actor. He is also in the Visitor which is a great horror if you like those movies.
Family Guy
Animated Sitcom Comedy
Ted is a funny movie.
Sure. Skyfall includes stars such as Naomie Harris, Ralph Fiennes and Rory Kinnear. Do you like thriller spy movies?
Yes, Rory Kinnear also starred in Wild Target and Quantum of Solace.
It was produced by Michael G. Wilson and directed by Marc Forster.
Hmmm, I'm sorry. I'm not showing the genre at this moment.
Yes, if you like Speculative fiction, you will enjoy this movie.
You're welcome.
Dead to the World has Romance, Mystery and Horror. It's my type of story. Is it yours?
Well you could try Violets are Blue by James Patterson. No Vampires in that.
Try The 5th Horseman of Step on a Crack if you have the time.
No worries. Please enjoy.
Yes he wrote Three Kings, which is a great movie.
It is a war and comedy film.
She did, Jamie Kennedy also starred in The Specials.
Your welcome.
Indeed. It was a great book. Did you know it was written by John Green in 2008?
He's really a master in the young adult genre. He wrote The Fault in Our Stars. Have you read that?
Well, The Fault in Our Stars was released 2012, not a long time ago.
Oh yes. He seems to write a lot of books about zombies, Like World War Z and The Zombie Survival Guide: Complete Protection from the Living Dead.
I do, too.They are definitely to die for! Ha! The book was released in 2006.
Sure thing. Anything else I can do for you?
Not a problem. Enjoy!
Oh yes. He starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine and The Proposal. Two very different movies. What kind of movies do you like?
There were several of them, too. X-Men 2, The Last Stand, Days of Future Past are a few.
I hope you enjoy them!
I do not know any books bu Rufus Beck. Sorry
Is it the Fantasy genre you like or are you a fan of Orlando Bloom?
Similar movies in the genre include The Neverending Story and Bridge to Terabithia.
Yes. It was written by Michael Ende who was also a musician and songwriter.
Mission Impossible with Tom Cruise? So I am assuming you like action movies? DO you want recommendations for other action movies or just Tom Cruise movies?
How about the Tom Cruise AND Action movie Top Gun? It's a classic!
I would really recommend Top Gun. It's one of my favorite films.
Well, my second favorite action film is True Romance. No Tom Cruise but Christian Slater... I would recommend it too.
Cool. And while we are on the topic- Totall Recall is great too.
Justin Timberlake? He starred in a few m
The Social Network is one of those movies I have yet to watch. Holden Scott was in that movie as well. I heard it's great. Did you watch it?
I most definitely like Dramas. I will have to watch this one soon. Maybe this weekend.
Certainly, Casino Royale stars Daniel Craig and is a Spy film. Do you like Spy films?
Awesome. The Interpreter and Spy Game are Spy films I recommend. Did you know that James Cameron wrote True Lies?
I would classify the movie Sneakers more of a Comedy and Thriller movie.
Yes, he is a soccer player. I believe he currently plays for Manchester United F.C.
The team is currently coached by Ryan Giggs adn Rene Meulensteen/
You're welcome.
O Alquimista was written by Paulo Cohelo who also wrote Diario de um Mago and Adulterio
Sure. Paulo Coelho is a musician and artist. His writing was influed by Jorge Luis Borges.
Yes he writes in Portuguese, but I don't have any information on Onze minutos.
He's an actor that starred in Turbulence and The Shawshank Redemption. Are you a fan of those types of movies?
Yes, and if you liked her in that movie, you might also enjoy What Women Want or The Perfect Age of Rock 'n' Roll.
Yes, sounds great. I will add those to your list. You're welcome.
Let me see... The one from the Germany National Football team? You like him?
I know they are an NFL American football team in the AFC West division. Their current quarterback is Patrick Mahomes, he has been great.
I love watching football! I am a huge Green Bay Packers fan! I also enjoy baseball. How about you?
Didn't the Redskins starting quarterback get injured this year and is out?
I knoew that it is a book written by Sue Monk Kidd. She also wroteThe Secret Life of Bees which is a movie.
Tom Cruise, Yuki Matsuzak, William Arterton, and Tony Goldwyn. Do you like genre, action?
You really know your stuff, that's right. Another notable performance in the movie, Andy Garcia.
The Godfather Part III, Jennifer 8, but more recently, Mamma Mia! Here We Go Again.
The Pink Panther 2, we already mentioned. His role in City Island, made him a best actor nominee.
I can help you find it.
When I was a kid and just starting to get into American Football, we lived in Dallas and I liked them then. I married a New England Patriots fan, so you know how that goes.
I love football movies. Rudy was pretty good. Did you know Ned Beatty starred with Burt Reynolds in Deliverance. That was a great movie too.
Isn't that a romantic comedy? Oh, I also love Kelly Preston in the TV sitcom Joey. Have you seen that one?
My two most favorites were The Proposal and The Love Guru.
Battleship starring Liam Neeson is a really good movie to see. Have you seen it?
It is a sci fi and also stars the singer Rihanna and Peter Berg himself stars in .
Absolutely
Wonder is written by R.J. Palacio
nope he does not seem to have written anything else the juilian chapter was released in 2014
yes
milk and honey was written this year
your welcome
I can recommend Wild Things, The Man Who Knew Too Little, Tootsie
Matt Dillon and Jeff Perry starred in Wild Things. It's more Mystery and Fiction
She is a author of The Scarlet Letter.
Let me dig deeper into that.
It falls under genre of Romanticism.
Let me look into it.
There is a good book called Wonder written by R.J. Palacio
Persuasion by Jane Austen or James Kinsley?
Yes, she also wrote Zombies. Are you interested you interested in this genre?
Pride and Prejudice has a romance theme. Would you like any other recommendations?
You're welcome. Can I help you further?
I would recommend Tower Heist and This Must Be the Place.
Both Nina Arianda and Michael Pea were in Tower Heist.
It is a crime film and Casey Affleck is also in it.
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is a great movie.
It seems Louise Maude wrote mostly in Russian, bockpecehne.
Well unfortunately my keyboard is not configured to write in Russian, Bockpecehne was released in 1899 though.
Happy to help!
Yes! I like Orlando Bloom. Have you seen Pirates of the Caribbean?
Troy was a great movie. Brad Pitt had a good performance
I have read that book. It is by Kim Edwards. It was just ok for me. Do you like reading novels?
Kim Edwards also wrote The Lake of Dreams, released in 2010.
Yes, she did. I was not fond of The Memory Keeper's Daughter but might check out the other book. Do you want other recommendations?
Yes, it was written by Neal Stephenson and it is a speculative fiction film.
Chris Evans starred in What's Your Number (a Romantic Comedy film), They also starred in The Perfect Score and The Nanny Diaries.
It also stars Tika Sumpter, Thomas Lennon, Mike Vogel, and Joel McHale.
It was released on 9/30/2011
Great. I hope you enjoy it!
Ernest Hemingway, The Sun Also Rises. Can I do anything else for you?
No it is not. The Great Gatsby is written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Anything else I can do for you?
You are welcome. What else can I do for you today?
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
Stan Wawrinka is a Swiss tennis player who was in the 2012 olympics.
Yes, I enjoy tennis quite a bit, are there any other players you were wondering about?
It looks like he is in Sarasota Florida, so perhaps he is enjoying some time away from tennis.
This book was written by Augusten Burroughs who also wrote Magical Thinking: True Stories, A Wolf at the Table and The Yellow Wallpaper.
Sure! A Wolf at the Table was released in 2008 and follows with You Better Not Cry.
It is! Anything else I can do for you?
Good. You're very welcome!
Another similar book is What Looks Like Crazy on an Ordinary Day or The Melancholy Death of Oyster Boy and other Stories. These are funny titles. lol
It is a Fiction Novel.written in 1997.
It was written by Pearl Cleage. Her books are in the Oprah Book Club.
He mainly does horror, are you looking for more horror or more Wes Craven films?
He's wrote My Soul to Take, Scream series, Nightmare on Elm Street remake, and Red Eye. Have you seen any of those ?
Yes he does! Along with Zena Grey.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Vittorio the Vampire or Violin are two of her best sellers.
I think Mary Shelley wrote Frankenstein. But Anne Rice wrote; the Mummy, Queen of the Damned and Taltos
She released Prince Lestat and Front Porch Prayer in 2018. Are there any other questions I can help you with today?
Are you interested in other books by Neil Gaiman, or would you prefer something in the fantasy and children's literature genre?
You might be interested in The Thief of Always or Neverwhere in that case.
You are so welcome. I'm always happy to help.
Sure thing- He wrote 'The Giver' and also 'Messenger.'
It's Science Fiction. Sort of a Utopian/Dystopian Future sort of book.
It was released in 2004. That was the same year that  1 was released. Oh...do you even speak Japanese?
Sure! Are you interested in the Fiction genre?
Jones had directed many films including Warcraft, Code, and Moon.
Two main stars in it are Matt Berry, and Mary Tyler Moore.
It is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like those movies?
I do, I miss watching Warren Moon being their quarterback years ago. Do you like the Vikings?
The Seattle Seahawks are good, but I am a Dallas Cowboys fan. I don't know about the Superbowl it could be anyone right now. What do you think?
Right now Dak Prescott and Zeke Elliott. But I was an Emmet Smith Fan. Who is your favorite plays?
oh yes, Watched the Washington Redskins Verses the Cowboys, and Baltimore Ravens verses Jacksonville Jaguars. Have you ever seen any live?
Fog City Mavericks is another interesting movies
I have no idea, but the movie starred Sofia Coppola and Peter Coyote.
He directed Star War
I do. I loved Jeremy Renner in that movie. Do you like him?
He was. He played Hawkeye in the Avengers movies. Did you see any of those?
I didn't see it, but I saw that it had good reviews.
Thee and Back Again
Yes, J.R.R. Tolkien wrote There and Back Again.
Yes. Grimm's Fairy Tales would be a similar movie as Snow White and the Huntsman was adapted from it.
Matt Damon was in it.
He played in The Martian. A science fiction movie.
You're welcome.
Sure! It ws written by Rick Riordan, who wrote theThe Son of Sobek.
No, but I recommend Percy Jackson: The Ultimate Guide, if you like the Percy Jackson series.
Percy Jackson: The Ultimate Guide, released in 2010, is a psychological thriller.
Wonderful! I hope you enjoy it.
Sarah Dressen wrote books adapted into movies but did not star in any movies.
Her books That Summer and Someone Like you were adapted into the movie How to Deal.
How to Deal starred in How to Deal.
The movie Inception was written by Christopher Nolan. Do you want me to search more from him?
Yes, Prestige is written and directed by Christopher Nolan as well as the Batman Begins, and Man of Steel.
Sure. It was written by Ernest Hemingway and is a war novel. Next in the series is Across the River and into the Trees.
To Have and Have Not, The Sun Also Rises and The Old Man and the Sea are all great choices.
Enjoy!
i would recommend Deadpool, nice movie
the star was stefan kapicic
this is a sci-fi
I actually like him, too! Isn't he the spokesperson for Nike, now?
Oh, I thought it was Nike. Phil Knight, the leader of Nike, should have snatched up LeBron.
Definitely! Coca Cola will reap those rewards! Nike took on Kaepernick, didn't they?
Are you referring to the movie or the book?
The book has a genre of Young-adult fiction and Drama, are these genres you favor or prefer?
Have you read either This Lullaby, The Son of Neptune or Holes? They all have genres of Young-adult fiction and Drama!
It is written by Sarah Dessen
Great i hope you enjoy!
He starred in Your Highness and Whatever It Takes, Romantic Comedy - Is this a genre you like to see?
Nick Cannon and Marla Sokoloff are starring.
In 2000!
Have fun!
Sure! She wrote the Joy Luck Club and The Hundred Secret Senses.
Yes, like Wuthering Heights - a favorited book on your reading list.
You are correct. You might also like Your Heart Belongs to Me if you're into that genre.
Sure. He's a great actor. Did you know he wrote The Apostle?
He starred in it, too.
Farrah Fawcett and Billy Bob Thornton were also in it.
It was an Indie film. Do you like those?
Sure. Anytime.
He directed both Mean Girls and The Spiderwick Chronicles. Would you care to hear more?
I do know that it was produced by Ellen Goldsmith-Vein though.
I believe it's an action movie
Glad to help
Sure! Are you looking for more from Jane Austen?
There's the satire: "Pride, Prejudice, and Zombies" and the more serious: "Persuasion." Are those of interest?
Janet Fitch wrote White Oleander and Paint It Black.
it was released in 2006 and has Musical Genre: Hardcore punk.
you are welcome. did you know Janet Fitch was influenced by Edgar Allan Poe.
He passed away on 9/6/98. What genre do you like?
You would probably like Seven Samurai then.
Yes it stars Takashi Shimura, Minoru Chiaki, and Kamatari Fujiwara.
How about if I add it to your playlist?
It was directed by Chris Columbus.
Of course!!! He wrote a master piece: Les Misérables
Yeah, long time ago as Romeo and Juliet is written by William Shakespeare
And Sonnets too.
I will check them out.
There are many movies similar to Once Upon a Time in the West, one of them is Shane
Shane is American Western film, do you like western film?
Sure, you more than welcome!
I love her fiction books, I would recommend The Storyteller and The Pact.
In the genre of fantasy, I would recommend the Wyrd Sisters or Wizard's First Rule.
Sounds good, glad I could help!
I do! I enjoy reading The Old Curiosity Shop as well as Oliver Twist from him. Would you like to know some of his other works?
Sure! He also wrote Great Expectations, Bleak House, and The Pickwick Papers. Are these of interest?
That is correct! That is another good one.
Yes! You're right! Is there anything else I can help with?
You're welcome, enjoy!
He's a basketball player from LOng b
I really only like the last five minutes of the game. They are usually the most exciting. I used to watch the Atlanta Hawks years ago.
I enjoy college football although I just watched Georgia give a game away to Alabama last night.
No, I haven't. But I know Garth Brooks played a concert there tonight!
Yes, I did like Hellboy. But I'm a fan of Guillermo Del Toro. Do you like movies/shows directed by him?
He also directed Pan's Labyrinth, Hellboy II, and more recently The Shape of Water. Have you seen any of those?
They're in the fantasy ream much like Hellboy, but not originating from a comic book.
Atlas Shrugged is a 1957 novel by Atlas Rand, and there is a movie also Atlas Shrugged is a 1957 novel by Ayn Rand
Yes I think so, and We the Living has genre Historical fiction, that i realy likes
That i am not sure do you know?
The True Confessions of Charlotte Doyle is an example and Young-adult fiction, The Sea of Monsters, The Golden Lily and Paper Towns are also Young-adult fiction genres. Is there any particular genre you need?
How about Under the Never Sky, Un Lun Dun, Uglies and Tricks, have you read these?
You're welcome and is there any more information you need?
You are most welcome and have a good night!
Certainly! Mark Osborne has directed some very popular films including The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie, The Little Prince and Kung Fu Panda. Have you seen any of these?
It also starred Jack Back, Ian McShane and Angelina Jolie.
Seth Rogen has starred in Pineapple Express, Knocked Up, and Superbad. Have you seen any of those?
That sounds like a great plan1
It's written by James Patterson and was released in 2001. Have you read any of his other books?
She wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins, It has a Fiction genre and it was released in 1978. Do you enjoy Fiction books?
The Tommyknockers and The long Patrol are similar to The great Gilly Hopkins.
Glad to help. Enjoy the reading
I think they're a great basketball team. Steve Kerr is done an incredible job coaching all of that all-star talent. Are you a fan?
They are located in Oakland but will be moving to a new arena in San Francisco in a few years
It's okay, I'm more of a football/baseball fan actually. How about yourself?
Cowboys are a great team, but I'm all about the Seattle Seahawks. Go hawks!
Yes. Shikhar Dhawan is an athlete.
He is known as a cricket player. Yes, I enjoy football. Tom Brady is a great player.
Yes! She also starred in I, Robot.
John Boyne wrote The Boy in the Striped Pajamas and Le avventure di Pinocchio. Have you read either of these?
The Boy in the Striped Pajamas has genres Tragicomedy, Postmodern literature, and Historical.
This book was published in 2006 and was made into a movie that was released in 2008.
Glad I could help. Hope you enjoy!
Taylor Hackford directed The Devil's Advocate. Did you know he also directed Blood In, Blood Out?
Raymond Cruz, Jesse Borrego and Benjamin Bratt starred in this Drama
It was released in 1993, it is also a Crime genre. I think you would really enjoy it.
You're so welcome! Enjoy!
Sure, are you looking for other young adult films or utopian type films?
You might like The Maze Runner. It is a a young adult film starring Dylan O'Brien
It was written by Tatiana de Rosnay in 2007.
Yes, true. Boomerang was released in 2009.
no, that's all I know about her.
Anytime!
Oh she is the author of Black Beauty. That's one of my favorite novel.
She's from England but not sure what period she wrote though.
I hope you enjoy!
I love Maroon 5! Their lead singer is Adam Levine. I really like their earlier songs like This Love. Do you like them?
I believe he plays the drums and guitar. He also is a judge on the TV show The Voice
It is a good show, it is a show to find new singers
Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline.
Yes, it's Historical Fiction.
If you like Historical Fiction, then I will recommend The Sworn Sword.
Glad I could help!.
Sure, it's written by James Ellroy. James Ellroy wrote Street Kings and Rampart. Perhaps you would like those?
I believe so. Did you know Kevin Spacey wrote Beyond the Sea? It stars Brenda Blethyn.
Beyond the Sea shows a genre of historical, music drama.
You're welcome!
Sure. He was in Back to the Future with Lea Thompson and Billy Zane.
Ok..similar movies in those genres include Zoolander, Zombieland - which I heard is one of the best movies ever, Yours Mine and Ours and Yoga Hosers
Oh, yes, she starred in The Mortal Instruments, and Tales from the Crypt.
Yes, that also starred Aidan Turmer and was a romance.
Did you ever see the Zero Effect or Zodiak?
Yes, the are both Mysteries. Do you want me to add them to your playlist?
Your welcome.
He's doing well. A great quarterback for Cincinnati. Do you follow that team?
Not sure where he's at now, but I've followed other quarterbacks, too, such s Turner Gill and Troy Smith. Who's your favorite.
From time to time, yes. How are the Packers doing this year?
You might enjoy Ponyo that he directed. Are you a fan of family adventure films?
Yuki Amami and Rumi Hiiragi both starred in the film. That director also wrote Princess Mononoke. Are you familiar with that one?
The movie was released in 1999 and is the seventh-highest-grossing anime film of all time worldwide.
Okay great. You're welcome.
Of course! The Bourne Identity has the genres thriller and mystery. Which genre do you prefer?
Other mystery movies I can recommend are; Salt, No Way Out, and The Departed. Have you seen those?
Haha! It was released in 1987 and stars Kevin Costner and Gene Hackman, maybe you should give it a try!
It does include the genre psychological thriller.
Sure, Enjoy!
I don't really follow the NFL. I'm more of a college football fan. Who does he play for?
You must be pleased with how the Saints are doing so far. What are the chances that they win the Super Bowl?
For your sake I hope they do!
I would be happy too. Are you interested in some of Bruce Willis's older movies or newer ones?
Great! I just recently watched "Death Wish" and really liked it. It is the remake of Charles Bronson's movie of the same name. Bruce Willis plays a doctor who gets revenge on the people who hurt his family.
Elisabeth Shue, Vincent D'Onofrio, Dean Norris, and Camila Morrone to name a few.
It definitely has a lot of action. It is considered an Action, Crime Drama. If you like the whole vigilante/revenge plot, you would love it.
I sure can. I hope you enjoy it like I did. Are there any other movies that I can recommend for you?
You are welcome.
Gran Torino stars Cory Hardrict and Clint Eastwood. Do you like those actors?
Cory Hardrict starred in the Romance Drama Warm bodies
Cory Hardrict starred in The Day too as well. It appears that he is one that you favor
My pleasure. Please let me know if you need anything else.
Yes, He wrote the Wheel of time and Warbreaker. Have you read this book?
If you read Wheel of time. You might love the Warbreaker it is also a fantasy novel. Another good book is Tomorrow, When the War Began
Good Choice, I love Brandon Sanderson. The book was release in 2009
You're welcome
Sure! Do you like Walt Disney films in general?
Me too! Yes- The Santa Clause, The Nightmare Before Ch
Yes she is.Tim Allen stars in it too.
Ender's Game is a Speculative fiction set in outer space. Do you like science fiction?
Ok. Have you read Ender's Shadow? That is a good one
Earth Unaware is highly rated. as well as Shadow of the Giant.
Great. Enjoy and Please let me know if there is anything else I can help with.
David O. Russell wrote Three Kings. Its a War film
Yes you are correct. It starred George Clooney and Mark Wahlberg. Did you like it ?
You are welcome !
Of course his most famous role was as C3PO in the Star Wars films. He is also a teacher and a mime artist!
For the most part, he has been involved with everything Star Wars, from all 8 films to date to cartoon versions and holiday specials. He must love playing a robot!
I'm a huge fan as well. Enjoy catching up on the trilogy!
You're welcome!
I know that it is writeen by a Winston Groom
I think shashank redemption is a nice movie like Forrest Gump but comedy is missing
you are welcome
I love a good ghost story. Have you seen Scrooged? with Bill Murray? Same story
Did you know the original version was released in A Christmas Carol was released 1843
Some more gothic fiction is Fingersmith and Evernight
Is that something you would like to read it was written by Sarah Waters
Youe welcome
I think they are ok. Jeffrey Lurie is the owner of the team.
Did you know John Madden was also drafted with John Madden?
I think his name was ryan. did you know he also endorsed Outback Steakhouse?
no i didnt thanks for that info.
Did you like Watership Down because it is speculative fiction? That genera includes books like So you want to be a Wizard.
Yes, are you familiar with the rest of the series books the Two Towers and the Return of the King?
Yes, and some other children's fantasy books include Wolf Brother and Witch & Wizard
I don't really like the team but I know they were the runner up in Super Bowl XXXIV.
Their opponent has escaped my mind but it was a well fought game. Have you seen live Super Bowl games?
Yeah. It's fun to watch the commercials though and halftime as well.
Sure. Brad Pitt starred in the epic film Troy and directed by Wolfgang Petersen. Do you like Documentary films? It is one.
Aside from Troy, other historical fiction films that I could recommend is United 93 and Thirteen Days.
United 93 which was release in 2006, starred Sussan Blommaert, Peter Hermann and Khalid Abdalla to name a few.
Too easy. Enjoy!
I love it! Especially because it combines my two favorite genres: Sci-Fi and Fantasy. Have you seen it?
It is confusing. You can always go by the numbers. Episodes 1-3 are prequels. 4-6 are the originals. And the newest ones are the sequels. You should also check out Aeonflux and Zombieland. They're Sci-Fi as well
Aeon Flux is great! It stars Sophie Okonedo, Paterson Joseph and Charlize Theron. It was released in 2005.
She is one of my favorites! I especially loved her in Hancock.
Yes, I've saw it before. It was a great movie. Joseph Gordon Levitt is one of the starring actors.
Yes, he was also one of the starring actors in 3rd Rock from the Sun. Would you like to know more about that show?
Wayne Knight and Kristen Johnston also starred in that sitcom.
Hi there. Yes, there is another book called Last Song, which is similar to A Walk to Remember.
Nicholas Sparks wrote The Last Song. It's definitely a great book!
It's both Teen and Family, so great for everyone.
I like him ok as a football player. Did you know he was also in the movie Stuck on You?
Yes I have. Rudy was my favorite. I really like Vince Vaughn.
Oh wow that is so cool. Yes Couples Retreat was so funny. Ken Jeong is hilarious in it.
Aliens was released in 1979 and is a sci fi movie. Do you want something from the same era or more recent?
I liked Volcano. That starred Tommy Lee Jones and Anne Heche.
He was in The Fugitive. You should watch it if you haven't.
Yes.
You're welcome
The Butterfly Effect starring William Lee Scott and Melora Walters is an award winning movie
William Lee Scott starred in The Go-Getter, which also stars starring Zooey Deschanel; as well as Brooklyn's Finest. Do you prefer a specific genre?
William Lee Scott starred also starred in Nine Dead, which is a thriller
Sure, Leonard Nimony starred in Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home. Walter Koeing also starred in the movie.
Its sci-fi. Do you like sci-fi or comedy?
William Shatner and George Takei are in it as well
No problem. Can I help you with anything else?
Enjoy!
I would recommend The Big Hit and The Order if you like Mystery and Thriller.
Shark Night, Zodiac and Wicked Blood are top three choices. You should check them out.
Yup.
Oh yes, He's a midfielder pro soccer player for the Spanish National Team and Chelsea in the Premier League. He used to play for Arsenal of the Premier League.
Me too. Do you like Venus Williams and Rafael Nadal?
Rafael Nadal is a Spanish tennis player who has won numerous titles including the Olympic Gold in 2008
I am a Mavericks fan, but I like that it is coached by former player Jason Kidd.
Yes and he played in the 2008 Olympics
Yes he did.
Yes, It an interesting movies written by Jonathan Nolan and starred Jorja Fox.
The Prestige starred William Morgan Sheppard and Roger Rees
Yes, I like Isabella Rossellini in it.
He is the composer of, Where Have you Been. He has been linked romantically to Rita Ora. Do you like his work?
She is an actress. Do you like, We Found Love? He composed that as well.
No problem. It is great! It makes you want to get up and dance.
Are you interested in The Hobbit
That is a good one I would recommend for you. Do you like Fantasy/ adventure movie
There seems to be several. Another is The Hobbit The Desolation of smaug
I will do that for you. Are there any others?
Okay, enjoy!
Yes. I think he is a basketball player. Do you like him?
Yeah he is not bad, i like Lebron more. Do you like him?
Yes he does. I wonder if Michael Jordan still play. I know he is over 50 but, do you know what he do now?
Shia LaBeouf
Transformers is a great movie with him in it
Disturbia is another great one
you are welcome
Yes, it's written by Becca Fitzpatrick and it is a young-adult fiction.
She has written Silence and Hush, Hush. Do they sound interesting to you?
Great, I'm glad I could help!
Sure, the Maze Runner is Young Adult Fiction. The Scortch Trails is next in the series
It's a book. Similar to the Second Summer of the Sisterhood and The Sea of Trolls. I can give you more examples if you'd like.
OK, anything else I can help you with?
Definitely, Jake has starred is a number of titles including Prince of Persia, Prisoners and October Sky. Do you have any specific genres in mind?
It seems like Gyllenhaal typically stars in movies rooted in the drama and serious genres, like End of Watch.
I would definitely recommend Southpaw since I'm a fan of martial arts and fighting movies.
I really love Peter Rabbit and Annie
It has staring Jamie Foxx and Quvenzhané Wallis
Robin hood is the latest one and Sleepless are good movies
Nicholas Sparks also wrote Message in a Bottle.
Yes Nicholas Sparks is the author of both The Notebook and The Message in a Bottle, along with many other novels.
Nicholas Sparks was born December 31, 1965 in, Omaha, NE.
He was inspired by the authors who wrote "Early from the Dance" which are Pat Conroy and David Payne.
Yes, Pat Conroy is the author of The Great Santini, The Lords of Discipline and The Prince of Tides.
Thank you and enjoy.
I have looked through that! I know that it was written in English and was done by Mark Cotta Vaz.
It's like a graphic novel type of thing that goes along with the movie.
It's more designed as a celebration of the film, this lavishly illustrated paperback edition is an exclusive behind-the-scenes guide featuring full-color photos of the cast, locations, and sets, as well as storyboards, interviews, details of the special effects, and much more.
Looking for Alaska is similar it was written by John Green.
Oh me too. He wrote the Crucible, right?
Would you like to know more books he wrote?
Ok great. He also wrote All My sons which is a book and a play released in 1947
Yes. There was a little golden book called The Saggy Baggy Elephant also released, and a book called Pearl of the World.
I like to watch some of their games. Elway used to be one of my favorite quarterbacks. The team seems to lack a little something without him.
They have been to quite a few but they seem to lose most of the time once they get there. Some teams are just like that while others do well under pressure and usually win, like the Patriots.
They aren't doing well this year, I'm afraid. With 4 teams in the AFC West, they are currently 3rd with a 5-6 record.
yes it was written by Vladimir Vladimirovich Nabokov. She also wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde., Pnin , Pale Fire
YEs its influenced by Influenced By: Marcel Proust, and Pale Fire has spawned a wide. variety of interpretations and a large body of written criticism, which Finnish literary scholar Pekka Tammi estimated in 1995 as more than 80 studies. It was ranked 53rd on the list of the Modern Library 100 Best Novels and 1st on the American literary critic Larry McCaffery's 20th Century’s Greatest Hits: 100 English-Language Books of Fiction. It is more poetic version and contains 999
Great its fiction based, do you like fiction?
you welcome .
I have! You might like his song What Goes Around Comes Around. He also starred in The Social Network.
I don't think so. I enjoyed his movie Bad Teacher. Have you seen it?
Not yet! I'll check that out.
Sure! Did you like it because it was written by J.K. Rowling?
You may like The Silkworm, which is also written by J.K. Rowling.
It was released in 2014 and is in the English language. I've read it and it's fantastic.
Night, by Elie Wiesel; I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings, by Maya Angelou; and Angela's Ashes by Frank McCourt are some well known autobiographies.
Night is about the author's experience in the Nazi German concentration camps at Auschwitz and Buchenwald
It was written by J.K. Rowling, Jack Thorne, and John Tiffany.
Definitely, JK Rowling wrote The Silkworm, which was released in 2014. Would you like to read it?
Yes, I am only showing it being written in English.
I'm showing that was written by Bisco Hatori, and not JK ROwling.
No, enjoy The Silkworm. The information you have entered does not compute
Enjoy!
I also really like the total recall movie the
I know something about Football. Karim Benzema is a French professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Real Madrid and the France national team. Yes he is a popular player.
I stopped following football . I was a great fan of Beckham. I know very little about Basketball.
Nope. I know a movie on him Bend it like Beckham. What is the name of the Show?
I love cooking shows. I watch lot of TV series. Most are crime series.
Yes. Do you watch and TV series?
Christopher Nolan and Tom Hardy are two of the main actors.
Yup, Anne-Marie Duff is Enigma as well. Have you seen it?
Sure, it came out in 2001 and Kate Winslet was also in the movie.
Will do.
Rob Reiner is the director of When Harry Met Sally and has been doing many other movies since.
No but he has produced other ones.
He may have done Undiscovered.
You are welcome. Goodbye.
Sure! He wrote Willow Frost and Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet. Are either of those familiar?
Songs of Willow Frost was released in 2013. Yes, both are fiction. I am unable to find a release date on Bitter and Sweet. Both are great books, however!
No problem. I'd like to also recommend another book written in 2013. The Husband's Secret. Enjoy!
Definitely! Her voice is amazing. She wasn't all that great in Spring Breakers.
It won the Golden Lion award. Vanessa Hudgens was in it too.
It's listed as a musical but I'd call it a drama/ crime. It's all about college students.
Sure. Michael Parks starred in some Thriller and Horror films like Wicked and Tusk. Check out Johnny Depp and Patrick Muldoon.
They did in fact take the world series this year.
Not really, but I follow our local teams.
San Francisco Giants and Oakland As.
Seems to be an absolute all-rounder as a writer, celebrity, author and an athlete.
He has topped the list and ranked as number one more than a hundred times.
As far as the information goes he has never failed and has always been the winner topping the list!
I can tell you that both Jeremy Renner, and Evangeline Lilly starred in this movie. Would you like to know who else was in this movie?
Yeah, he did. Your aware that he stars as Hawkeye in the movie Avengers right?
I can tell you that The Heart is Deceitful Above All Things stars Jimmy Bennett. Were you aware he also starred in Trucker?
Of course I will.
Yeah they play football.their quarter back is Josh Rosen
Dont think so, but I think they went to finals in NFL, not sure which year
Baseball cardinals are St.Louis Cardinals. Arizona cardinals play football
I know that he's a soccer player for Manchester City, but that's about it. How about yourself?
Oh, I see. I thought they were the same team. Goes to show how much I know about soccer
I like American football and mixed martial arts. Do you like other sports besides soccer?
El amor en los tiempos del cólera is written in English.
Stone Cold is a similar book.
Yes they are both written in English and released in 2007.
Of course I can! The 9th Judgment was wrote by the same writer and should be similar.
Yes it is! Would you like to know who wrote it?
James Patterson wrote both of those. Would you like to know any more books by him?
Of course, any time!
Yes, I do. This movie is in the War genre, but also counts as a romance. Which interests you more?
I would suggest The Time Traveler's Wife and The Sun Also Rises, the latter being based of an Ernest Hemingway novel. Have you seen either?
I suppose sometimes romances are tragic. It counts as a drama too. Casablanca is a classic romance. The Notebook is a pretty sweet romance. Also, The film Before Midnight is beautiful.
Sure, he has starred in some great films like Lord of The Flies, and Jurrasic Park, both which are thriller films. Does that genre interest you?
World War Z is a zombie film, and another well received zombie movie is Dawn Of The Dead. Have you seen that title?
Certainly. The main character is played by Sarah Polley, and it also stars big names such as Ving Rhames, Mekhi Phifer, and Ty Burrell, who stars in Modern Family on TV, quite the bit of a different move for him!
Of course, happy to help!
I can recommend the books The Sheltering Sky, The Sea, and The Lady in the Lake. Do those sound of interest?
The Lady in the Lake is a crime fiction, it was actually released in 1943!
It was written by Raymond Chandler and it has a sequel called The High Window. Enjoy!
I did. Did you know she won the Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna award? She's a great athlete.
I believe she was in the relay with Wang Leehom.
They are both by William Shakespeare. Are you a fan?
I like that one as well. The play was written by Kylie Scott.
Yes, she did. That was released in 2015. It is martial arts. Are you interested in that?
Are you referring to the version written by Jane Austen?
Jane Austen also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion. Have you read either of those?
I like Enrique Iglesias, he is the brother of Julio Iglesias Jr. He starred in Desperado and Once Upon a Time in Mexico.
That is right. He also composed Takin' Back My Love and Don't Turn Off the Lights. Do you like his music?
Did you know he won a Grammy Award for Best Latin Pop Album and an American Music Award for Favorite Latin Artist?
I do actually. It is a great movie starring Leonardo DiCaprio. What else can I tell you about it?
I can answer that! More stars of the movie include Kelli Garner and Matt Ross.
He also starred in a great crime fiction film called Homegrown. It's a super good flick if you have not seen it.
Okay.I am glad I could help.
Summer of Sam is a great movie both written and directed by Spike Lee. Have you seen this film?
That is correct. Ben Gazzara aslo starred in this movie. Do you like thrillers?
I'm glad I could help. Enjoy the movie!
Absolutely, Elizabeth Kostova has written such books as The Swan Thieves and The Historian
The Swan Thieves is a drama and was released in 2010
The Historian is a mystery adventure drama
Absolutely, here you go....
he is an athlete/golfer. do you like golf?
i think Venus Williams is a great tennis player. do you like tennis?
yes she is still playing. another athlete is : LeBron James do you follow basketball?
baseball and football are alright. i enjoy boxing specifically Floyd Mayweather, Jr.do you ever see sports live in person?
what is your fav football player?
great choice. that is all for today
I like them, they are part of the National Football League. DId you know there home is the Georgia Dome?
Deion Sanders played for them and the not so great Michael Vick. Do you like the National Football League teams?
My son in law is a huge Seattle Seahawks fan. We are a big football family. Does your family enjoy football?
Have you read Un di Velt Hot Geshvign?
Not really. However, 1958 was the year a lot of great books was released such as the drama Our Man in Havana.
Dr. No was also released that same year.
Ethan Suplee starred in Vulgar, Unstoppable, The Fountain and The Butterfly. Do you like Ethan Suplee?
Ethan Suplee also starred in Road Trip, Remember The Titans and Mr. Woodcock. Have you seen any of these?
Yes William Lee Scott was in The Butterfly Effect. He also starred in Pearl Harbor, October Sky and Killer Diller. Do you like his work?
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Chris Martin is the lead singer. He also plays piano, writes music, plays guitar and has a great voice. What's your favorite song?
I love that song. No they divorced. She recently remarried.
There's rumors of a tour in 2019.
You're welcome.
No, I am not following any of the football teams as football is not my cup of tea.
Yes it is indeed! More a minus than a plus point! Can I tell me something about the National Football Team, as I have no idea about it?
That's ok, do you know of any other athlete that has won the Offensive Player of the Year Award?
What is the ethnicity of Walter Payton? Did Tom Brady star in any film?
Terry George wrote Hotel Rwanda.
He also produced the TV program The District.
It is a drama
your welcome
Sure! She wrote The Tales of Peter Rabbit, The Tale of Mrs. Tiggly-Winkle, and The Tale of Squirrel Nutkin just to name a few. Have you read any of those ?
That was published in 1905!
Besides a write, she was illustrator, natural scientist, and conservationist.
You're welcome!
X-Men Origins: Wolverine starring Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman was written by David Benioff.
Ryan Reynolds have starred in many great movies. Some of my favorites are Turbo, The Proposal, The In-Laws, and The Croods.
Turbo written by David Soren has genre Sport, Comedy, adventure, and animation.
The Proposal also starring Sandra Bullock is a romantic comedy.
The In-Laws has genre Crime/Comedy.
Lewis Carroll. What else can I do for you?
A Tangled Tale, The Manlet, and A Syllabus of Plane Algebraic Geometry. What else can I answer today?
Good. Can I do anything else for you today?
You are welcome. Have a nice day.
Sure, do you want other Superhero movies or other family friendly movies?
Ok. Another other animated family friendly movie is Ratatouille. John Ratzenberger starred in both films.
Patton Oswalt was the voice of the main character, Remy, Other stars include Lou Romano, from Sienfield, and Ian Holm
Yeah, I've heard of him. He plays Point Guard on the Denver Nuggets.I don't know much about Basketball, do you?
I'm American so I'm not familiar with Cricket, what's your favorite team?
Yeah I watch the NFL sometimes I have a friend who is a big Chicago Bears fan so I watch with him.
I'm actually not a huge sports guy. I watch some NBA and NFL when it's on. I always liked seeing Baseball live though, is Cricket a little similar to it?
Sure. I lived in Boston for awhile and actually saw a Boston Red Sox game, it was nice to watch. Have you seen cricket live?
Yes, do you like Fight Club because it is a thriller?
I do , she is great singer/ songwriter. I love her song Miss Independent. Do you like her?
She has gotten better, she sounds a lot like Whitney Houston. Did you know she is a judge on The Voice?
Okay, what genre of music do you prefer? I like many genres.
Nice my nephews like the heavy metal, but I am more of old rock n roll.
Hot Fuzz was written by Simon Pegg.
Would you like another movie written by Stephen Hunter, or another movie in the thriller genre?
The Rum Diary, and The Departed are both great thrillers
Sure. It was written by Hunter S. Thompson and it stars johnny Depp
My pleasure!
I don't follow golf but I read that Jordan Spieth is popular.
Wow! That is great. He also got married recently. Do you like golf?
I have never played golf. I would watch some golf players on tv sometimes. I love gymnastics.
Hi there! Serenity starred Tamara Taylor, Sean Maher, Sarah Paulson, Michael Hitchcock, Joss Whedon, Glenn Howerton and Adam Baldwin. Do you want some movie recommendations for any of those stars?
Okay, I can do that. Serenity has several genres. Are you interested in Science Fiction?
You're welcome! There's a film called Cloverfield, which is both a Sci-Fi and Action Film. Would you like to watch that one?
It's not too scary. I loved it! I'd give it a watch.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
Michel Gondry wrote Be Kind Rewind. Be Kind Rewind that starred Quinton Aaron
Be Kind Rewind starred Melonie Diaz, Quinton Aaron, Matt Walsh and Mos Def.
I do, I like their song Overexposed.
I think my favorite song is their most recent one, Girls Like You.
It is a very catchy one.
I agree! One of the first movies I saw when I was young was The Wiz and I loved him since. Have you seen it?
Yes indeed. I recommend watching it again. Do you like his sister Janet Jackson too?
True, I remember listening to Jermaine Jackson when I was young too. I don't think he amounted to much though.
I believe he plays soccer for Premier League club Manchester City and the Argentine national team. Do you watch much football (soccer)?
Do you have a favorite player?
I don't think I have heard of them. I will have to check out a couple games!
Of course, you might like Daredevil, it is a Sci-Fi drama.
Day After Tomorrow is somewhat like 28 Days.
Dennis Quaid and Sela Ward. Is ther anything else I can help you with today?
You are welcome. Have a good day!
She was in The Wild Life and The Little Rascals. Do any of those interest you?
Randy Quaid also starred in this film.
Off the top of my head I can only remember Lea Thompson and Randy Quaid starring in it. Sorry.
Yes, she wrote the book Silence. I believe she's a young adult fiction author
She also wrote Hush Hush and Crescendo
Yes, Young adult fiction
You're welcom!
That was directed by David Silverman. And yes, it's a very funny movie!
Yup, he's a very good animator! he also directed Monsters, Inc. Have you seen it?
Great cast: Steve Buscemi, Frank Oz and Bonnie Hunt - among others.
You too. Enjoy!
Sure! He wrote Rango. Have you heard of it?
Sure thing! Rango stars Ned Beady and Isla Fisher.
It's an adventure/comedy film.
You're welcome
I think Ride Along is comparable and also just as funny.
Ice Cube and Kevin Hart both play the lead roles in the movie.
Your very welcome. Do you enjoy watching Comedy movies?
Trainwreck is a good movie
I like one of her books which is A Little Princess only because it's speculative fiction. What about you?
It's a good Anne Rice book in that genre! You like Anne Rice?
That's a great one too!
That's a great book. It's Utopian and Dystopian fiction. The Passage is also in that genre.
It came out in 2010. It was on the New York Times Best Seller list. It might be worth a read.
Wonderful. I hope you'll enjoy it!
Claire Lamont wrote the book Mansfield Park.
I believe it to be a Romance novel.
Of course I do. Don't you?
At least we have something in common
No, I'm not aware of it, but I can look into it later.
Victor Huho is a very well known author from France of the 19th century. He wrote for exampe Les Miserables and the Hunchback of Notre-Dame.
The Hunchback of Notre-Dame is a Fiction genre. There is a Musival based on Les Miserable as well.
There are several movies about this Novel, for example Walt Disney. Enjoy!
That actress starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
It was released in 2001 and directed by Jean-Pierre Jeunet. Would you like more recommendations from that director?
He also directed The City of Lost Children and A Very Long Engagement.
Yes, i like We Rode in Trucks, Someone Else Calling You Baby and I Don't Want This Night to End. Are you a fan?
Yes, he was born there but his music career started in Nashville
I'm not certain but I know he has won quite a few musical awards.
Great actor! He starred in Viva Zapata, The Young Lions, The Wild One, and many more movies. Is there a specific genre you'd like to see him in?
OK. Which genre do you like?
If you like romance, I recommend Teahouse of the August Moon. It's a bit quirky, but it's a popular movie starring Marlon Brando.
Yes I like him
Yes,Stephen Curry won NBA Sportsmanship Award
Yes,He won
Yes,He is an Actor Too
Mervyn Peake is a writer and screenwriter. She wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
I am not sure. There are other who have rewritten the work such as Vladimir Nabokov and Robert Louis Stevenson.
Vladimir Nabokov also wrote Lolita that you might like. What genres do you like?
Luigi Pistilli starred in several films, including Machine Gun McCain and The Good, the Bad and the Ugly
Gena Rowlands who also starred in The Incredible Mrs. Ritchie and the Thriller The Skeleton Key
You are absolutely right! Gena Rowlands did star in the romance film, The Notebook
My pleasure. Please let me know if there is anything else I can do
I can tell you an interesting fact about Zoe Kravitz, she starred in Yelling to the Sky.
Yelling to the Sky also starred Marc John Jefferies.
He also starred in Brown Sugar. Would you like me to send it to you?
Yelling to the Sky also starred Gabourey Sidibe.
She also starred in the TV show, The Big C.
yes 2 Fast 2 Furious and cheap thrills are similar crime movies.
No i dont have anything in that genre but i have movies in the adventure genre.
I have Starsky & Hutch, Space Cowboys and Snow White
Snow White is the one.
Ok buying Snow White is a great choice.
I can recommend The Blue Castle,Rainbow Valley, and Emily of New Moon.
In 1926
There are few releases that year The Murder of Roger Ackroyd,and nnie-the-Pooh & The House at Pooh Corner.
Of course, do you like romance films?
I would certainly recommend Nights in Rodanthe then! It's a great romance. He is also in Junior which is a romantic comdey.
James Franco is a bigger name you may recognize, along with Scott Glenn and Charlie Tahan.
So do I! It's a great romance, hope you enjoy!
Yes, that is a great movie written by Frank Darabont. Would you like to hear other films written by him?
Peter Jackson wrong King Kong and Frank Darabont starred in it. Peter Jackson also wrote Heavenly Creatures.
I'm glad you asked. If you like horror, you'll probably like World War Z, Shark Night, or Cloverfield
Enjoy
David Guetta is a french DJ, record producer and songwriter who has sold over nine million albums and thirty million singles worldwide.
I liked his song When Love Takes Over.
I like alot of different artists. Mariah Carey, Jagged Edge, Chris Tomlin, Pink, and the list goes on. What about yourself?
Yes he's pretty awesome as well!
is it a great psychological thriller. have you seen the sixth sense , the order , silence of the lambs and alone with her
yes its about a quiet but disturbed young man puts the life of a woman he's obsessed with under a virtual microscope when he installs hidden cameras throughout her house.
great is there any more suggestions you want
you welcome
Judd Apatow's follow up film Funny People is similar in style to Knocked Up.
I don't know but since it starred Eminem and Ray Romano, it is possible to guess a decade.
Sarah Silverman is a comedian turned actress who starred in this film.
Great hope you enjoy it, I might also recommend films starring Jon Brion.
Yes he will be playing for manchester united
Yes that is correct they are a great team. Who is your favorite soccer team?
Yes me to who is your team?
Yes I do Ryan Giggs is a great Midfielder don you think?
Not really a fan but he made some films like She Hate Me that I've seen.
I think it's comedy. It also starred T.V Carpio and Ossie Davis.
Yes he did.
Sue Monk Kidd is very similar to Carl Jung who is actually one of her influencers.
Some of Carl's peers include Sigmund Freud who wrote The Portable Atheist, and also Willhelm Reich.
Yes he is. He unfortunately passed away from heart failure.
I don't know anything she's acted in but she did write The Poisonwood Bible and the Lacuna.
I would say its a drama novel. Another good drama is Zoe's Tale.
It is considered Speculative fiction. Does that interest you at all?
no problem.
I like her as an all around artist. Did you know she dated Wilmer Valderrama for awhile?
Yes, he did! He was also in That '70s Show. Have you ever seen that show?
Tommy Chog had a cannabis abuse problem. Did you know that?
Of course! Do you prefer Speculative Fiction or the Mystery genre? The book falls under both.
"Violets are Blue" and "Trunk Music" are possible candidates. Would you like to know more?
Sure. It's written by Michael Connelly and is also classified under the "Crime" genre.
You're Welcome!
Sure. Other James Bond Movies include Skyfall and Casino Royale
Skyfall is a Thriller and, since it is a Bond movie, is also a Spy Film
Skyfall stars Daniel Craig, Ralph Fiennes, Helen McCrory and Michael G. Wilson
Enjoy. Daniel Craig is a very good James Bond.
I agree, I think Mike Zimmer is doing a fine job coaching the team.
That's right, didn't the Steelers win that Superbowl game?
It seems the Steelers have been to numerous Superbowls
I have never seen it I know it was written by Christopher McQuarrie.
Yes I do I have seen Valkyrie it has Tom Wikinson and Tom Hollander in it.
No I have not it has the genre hip hop music.
Sort of I like rock music more though.
I like Metallica and Black Sabbath also did you know Straight Outta Compton was released in 2015.
Zipper is a thriller isn't it.
It is a Young adult fiction book.
The Fault in Our Stars is genre if drama while the King of Attolia genre is fantasy
Okay.
I do too! TRON Legacy stars Olivia Wilde and Jeff Bridges
Some other stars of Year One include Oliver Platt and Horatio Sanz
Yes, that is a great movie and it has an incredible cast, such as Harrison Ford and Melanie Griffith
You're very welcome
Sure, interesting guy. He wrote Angela's Ashes, but he's also a business man and owner of the Los Angeles Dodgers.
That's Major League baseball.
Yes, and in nearby Hollywood. FYI McCourt won a Pulitzer Prize for Angela's Ashes.
You're welcome!
Do you mean 21 Jump Street is starring Channing Tatum?
There is a sequel called 22 Jump Street. 21 Jump Street is a spin off from Booker.
2014
your welcome
Yeah, always remembered it when I was a kid. Did Chiaki Kuriyama star in this movie?
Yes, she really does. She is great singer and actress
No I don't , who else was in that?
I prefer her music more anyway. I love her song with Mac Miller
He is . It's called I love the way. It's a nice song
definitely do.. I hope you enjoy it. Mac Miller was a great artist.
The Hobbit: There and Back Again was released in 1937.
It was 1937 as well
Great movie. The Rock is starring Nicolas Cage and is a thriller. Do you like either?
Yes, Katharine McPhee starred in Shark Night 3D. It was a great thriller. Katharine McPhee also starred in The House Bunny. Not a thriller but a funny movie.
Yes, 2011 was the year that released Zookeeper. Zookeeper is starring Rosario Dawson.
He is a Columbia national football team player and he also plays for Club Athetico Banfield.
I don't know a lot about them, however their coach Radamel Falcao is quite talented
He is a midfielder and a forward.
The Matrix is a Martial Arts movie. Would you like to hear about more movies in that genre?
The Warrior's Way is a Martial Arts and Fantasy movie.
You are welcome, enjoy the movie!
Yes Groundhog Day is a popular one. He also wrote and starred in the movie as well.
Michael Shannon does, along with Bill Murray. It is a quite good romance film.
Yes it is a romantic comedy. If you like that genre, you should definitely check it out.
Yes, Chiaki starred in The Sky Crawlers, The Great Yokai War and in Shikoku, which is a horror film.
Hmm, I'm not showing a release date for Sky Crawlers.
Cindy Robinson also starred in Sky Crawlers.
I have no info on that movie...
Sure, enjoy!
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a fantasy film written by W.W. Denslow. Do you like the Fantasy genre?
A couple of great reads would be The Looking Glass Wars and The Golden Compass. Both are favorites.
You are welcome! While you are there, also check out The Wounded Land. Have a good day!
I do enjoy her music, especially 'Your Love Is My Drug'. Do you like her music?
Yes, I do! I got the chance to see her live a couple years back. Definitely a fun show!
She was born in Los Angeles, I'm pretty sure anyway.
Truman Capote has also written Utterly Cold Blooded and Breakfast at Tiffany's, have you heard of either of these?
Audrey Hepburn starred in Breakfast at Tiffany's
George Peppard and Martin Balsam also starred in this movie
No, however I can help you with movies and books.
Welcome to Macintosh. Welcome to Macintosh is starring Guy Kawasaki. Have you watched it?
It's a true story, probably non fiction.
You are very welcome, hope you learn about the Macintosh computer.
Have you seen anything starring Guy Kawasaki?
Well he was the actor, but he also writes.
Glad you like these books, because I do too.
Jeff Kinney wrote The Ugly Truth
Jeff Kinney wrote The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary: How Greg Heffley Went Hollywood
2010
You are welcome
I'm unfamiliar with him personally, but I do know he plays for the NBA.
I don't follow basketball but I have heard of Magic Johnson, who is a historic point guard.
I don't know specifics about Larry Bird but I have heard his name before. Thank you for that information.
I do like them. Especially their leader Terry Collins.
I think you are right. Anyway, I do like baseball.
My favorite it's Seattle Mariners.
Isn't he on a football team for Mexico? I'm not a big fan, what about you?
Have you ever seen Bend it Like Beckham? That movie has football in it.
I love him! I find him so charming in August Rush.
Sure, Stephen Sommers directed The Mummy Returns. Have you had the chance to see this yet?
It's considered Fantasy, and definitely worth seeing!
Well, The Hills Have Eyes is somewhat similar, and another great movie to watch.
No, but The Mummy Returns is Fantasy / Monster Movie, and The Hills Have Eyes is a Monster Movie
You're welcome. Enjoy the movies!
Absolutely. Did you like Trainspotting because it is an Indie film, or because it is starring Shirley Henderson?
Memento is another film in the Indy category. Is that something you would like to see?
Great choice, here it is!
Yes, I enjoyed that with Tom Cruise and Sam Harris. Are you interested in Adventure and thrillers?
Yes, I would recommend The Last Samurai and Pound of Flesh.
Jean Claude Van Damme stars in that movie. Would you like other adventure?
Well, I hope you enjoy them.
Sure! P.C. Cast wrote Tempted, Revealed, and Marked. Have you read any of those yet?
Yes, Tempted and Marked are young adult fiction. You could also try Wicked Lovely too.
I am not sure. Do you like books in series?
Marked by P.C. Castis part of the series, House of Night.
Great. Enjoy!
I can. That was written by Ernest Hemingway. He also wrote Islands in the Stream.
I believe it is most often classified in the War genre but could also be considered Romance as many of his works are.
Sure. The Sun Also Rises and To Have and to Have Not were both written by Hemingway and were later made into films.
You're welcome!
I don't really know how well they are doing this season. I know they're usually a top team every year.
If I had to bet, I'd probably bet on them to go. It seems like it's almost always the Patriots in the Super Bowl. Maybe that will change if Brady ever retires.
Gisele. She used to be a model but I don't think she does that anymore. Brady was the type I didn't think would ever settle down but he was able to change his mind.
The Town written by Peter Craig
I"m showing Eli Craig
The Town is directed by Ben Affleck.
Awesome! You will love it.
yes its a great animation family Sci fi Movie. have you heard similar movies I am number four, Griff the Invisible and G-Force?
Do you know about Universal Soldier: The Return, War of the Worlds and Victor Frankenstein?
This movie is directed by Steven Spielberg, its more adventure, disaster and Sci fi. It was starred by Channing Tatum, David Alan Basche and Morgan Freeman
His recent direction is Ready player one, but few renowned movies he directed are Jurassic park, Jaws, E.T and Saving Private Ryan. Have you seen any of these?
I can't say that I was particularly impressed with her Super Bowl performance with the dancing sharks! I thought she was good in both the Smurfs movies and The Muppets.
I didn't know she was in that. Who else was in that movie?
Yes! I do. I thought he was great in Despicable Me and Hop!
Oh, yes! It was hysterical! That movie had Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn.
Yes I have. Matthew McConaughey was in that one. He is a very versatile actor.
Yes he was! He was also in the movie Fool's Gold with Kate Hudson.
This is a comedy drama film directed by David Frankel and produced by Wendy Finerman, starring Merryl Streep
True. She is a great actress. Some of her great movies are The Guardian Brothers, The Post, Mamma Mia! Here we go again
Yes..its a good one, its a musical romantic comedy
Sure. Enjoy !
He's been in X-Men: Days of Future Past, Underdog, and The Station Agent.
Fantasy, Adventure, Action are the main ones.
If you liked X-Men, The Wolverine and the Hunger Games are two you might also like.
Jennifer Lawrence starrs in this film.
no prob!
Thomas E. Connolly wrote The Scarlet Letter. Have you heard of that one?
The Scarlet Letter is also written by Nina Baym and was released in 1850. Its a great book.
you are welcome.
Yes, I do. It was written by Sean Peen and Jon Krakauer. And it starred Zach Galifianakis and William Hurt.
I know that Sean Penn starred in Casualties of War. Not only did he write Into the Wild, he also directed and produced this movie.
YOu are very welcome!
Yes, it was a fun movie! Johnny Depp was in it. Do you like childrens' fantasy films?
The Narnia series was great! You might also like Gremlins 2: The New Batch.
You're welcome!
With Fantasy and Fiction genre?
Sorry, can not find a fact about a similar author!
Yes, here we go: When the wind blows, Walk two moons, Voyager. Does that help?
You're welcome!
He wrote historical fiction novels and graphic novels as The Picture of Dorian Gray. Have you read it?
No, it is a graphic novel but if you prefer historical novels I would recommend to read Wideacre and Wide Sargasso Sea.
Sorry, I don't have that information but I highly recommend The Memoirs of Cleopatra, you will enjoy it!
Ok, let me know if you need more recommendations.
Yes, Throne of Glass was written by Sarah J Maas is science fiction and was released in 2012. Do you like science fiction?
Yes, actually it was released in 2016
Sure, The Assasin's Blade, The Assassin and the Underworld and The Assassin and The Pirate Lord are similar movies.
You are welcome. Hope they helped. Enjoy!
She starred in Zero Dark Thirty Wilde and The River King. Have you seen any of these movies?
Yes he did, it starred MArk Duplass, Homayoun Ershadi and Edgar Ramirez. I have not seen it yet, but will add to my must watch list.
Thank you for the recommendation.
Do you know anything about James Rodriguez, the athlete?
Me too. I know he's a Columbian footballer who plays midfield. Do you like that sport?
Me too, I like NFL football. Who's your favorite team?
Sure! Do you like it because it was written by Roald Dahl? He also wrote Fantastic Mr Fox.
I love watching fantasy too. A good one is Where the Wild Thing Are. You may also want to check out Dragon Haven.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Are they in the NFL - tell me more as I don't follow football much.
Well a little - How about the 49ers?
Admittedly no - but they are in San Francisco a town I like.
I am actually not much of a fan but I think I remember that Paul Pogba played with Manchester United F.C. and the French National Football Team.
I prefer baseball but, not that I think back, I remember that Rene Meulensteen and Louis Ban Gaal were coaches for Manchester Untied F.C.
Did that team ever get in the FA Cup Final?
no but this book was written by Stephen R Covery
I don't know but this was released in 1989
this book is in a Language Enlish
ok that is fine thank youi
It is a good movie, I enjoy action/adventure movies do you?
Do you like the new one with Johnny Depp or the classic?
I prefer the classic as well. I really like him as an actor but not in Charlie and the Chocolate Factory. Pirates of the Caribbean is an all time favorite of mine though, he plays in all of them.
I agree!
Great drama indeed. One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest was directed by Milo Forman.
He is a great director! Do you like Historical period drama?
Yes, That is the one I wanted to suggest. But there are other great movies. Like Without Limits or Wild Wikd West. What are you in the mood for?
Definetely! How about Titanic or We Own the Night? Those are excellent movies.
Always happy to help. Did you know it was produced by Mark Wahlberg?
I know she wrote the book Vanishing Girls. Have you heard of it?
It is a fiction book. You should definitely read it.
Your welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he is one of the few artist I know that plays the tambourine.
What type of Music does Nico sing?
Interesting. I have never heard of them . They might be worth checking out .
He is currently a point guard for the Boston Celtics. Did you know he was the NBA Rookie of the Year when he played for the Cleveland Cavaliers.
Did you know he was born in Australia?
Yup, he was born in Melbourne.
Well since it was directed by Michael Bay, would this category be alright?
From experience I could offer you Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea. Would that satisfy your interest?
Well, it looks like Richard Basehart acted in this one.
No problem
I really liked Batman. Do you know any other films he was in?
I have not seen that film but I do know he was in another film released in 2006 called "The Prestige." Would you like to know more about this movie?
The movie is about a 'face-off' between two magicians based in Edwardian London times. It is considered science fiction/thriller and has an amazing ending. Would you watch this film?
No problem.
I am not sure but I do know it is the genre fantasy
Yes it is. also the looking glass is also a childrens literature
You are welcome
I know Sergio Aguero is an athlete on the Argentina National Football Team. Do you like football?
Not really, I don't tend to follow sports. What team do you like?
Cool! Are they doing well this year?
II nome della rosa is the one that comes to mind. Have you heard of it?
It was released in 1980 and yes under the title The Name of the Rose. Really good book too
Yes and so was Whispers by Dean Koontz also released in 1980
Yes it was.
I'm not familiar with them. What sport do they play?
I enjoy college football. Seems like I remember the Rockets had a really good team in the 1990's. How are they now?
Now I know THEY are a good team!
Voltaire also wrote Candide. Do you like the genre musical theater?
Candide is a French satire first published in 1759? Do you like novellas?
You might also enjoy Billy Budd by Herman Melville or The Old Man and the Sea by Ernest Hemingway.
You're welcome.
There is actually a series surrounding Winnie-the-Pooh like The House at Pooh Corner and The Taio of Pooh. He's a popular bear!
A.A. Milne loved writing Children's literture like When we were young, and Now we are six
Enjoy!
No I haven't heard of him, is he Colleen Rooneys husband?
Oh okay. Is that in Everton?
Is that a music venue too
Real Madrid C.F. is a football player in Spain, really talented. He's listed #38 on the roster.
I'm not sure but he played in several leagues, like UEFA Champions League, La Liga, FIFA Club World Cup, Copa del Rey
It's cool to keep up with because I have friends who are into it. Like Jerzy Dudek, hes a great player too.
Sure, do you like young-adult fictions?
Have you read Allegiant is written by veronica Roth as well?
Absolutely.
Yes, the movie Pulp Fiction can be classified as Comedy and Crime Film.
Sure. John Travolta starred in Saturday Night Fever, Grease, and Bolt. Do you want me to bring up one of them?
You got it! Enjoy!
Yes, he wrote Marina.
fiction/fantasy
He also had written El principe del cielo.
Spanish, Marina is written in Spanish too.
Yes, you can order an English version.
You are welcome
Yes. I happen to be a New York Mets Fan. From David Wright, to Daryl Strawberry to Mr. Met, "You gotta Believe."
No. But the highlight was watching David Wright retire with the team that drafted him 10 years ago. Hopefully the owner Fred Wilpon will get it together and make a run next season.
Yes, Mickey Callaway. At least at the end of last season he still had a job.
I don't watch football that much. But I know that they are in National Football League
I just won a bet with the Kanas City Chiefs. So I LIKE THEM
Spencer Ware is good. Kareem Hunt is in trouble though I hear
Do you have any information on the author, Max Brooks?
Yes I do, her books Trace and The Scarpetta Factor are amazing.
Yes her book The Last Precinct is a Crime Fiction Mystery, that would be perfect for your mom to read to you!
You would probably like Prayers for Rain, it is the sequel to Gone, Baby, Gone, also written by Dennis Lehane.
He definitely is! Another Crime Fiction book by him is Moonlight Mile, you might want try that one too.
That was written by Thomas Hardy, in 1891. Are you interested in his work particularly?
Thomas Hardy wrote The Woodlanders, The Return of the Native, and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-Believer. Have you read them?
Which one?
Return of the Native was released in 1878 and is a novel.
Yes I can, She Hate Me is a massively successful film staring Jamel.
I don't know who else starred in that film but I do know that Jamel was in a film similar in style called Asterix at the Olympic Games.
You are welcome, I hope you enjoy the films.
Sure! She starred in Les visiteurs. Have you seen that?
That one stars Valérie Lemercier and Christian Clavier. Both great actors!
No, this one is in the French language. Hopefully you can read French!
I can't add it to your list, but hopefully you check it out soon!
Wasn't he the winner of the 2012 PGA Championship?
I think his fellow golfer, Darron Gibson, is also from Ireland. I've never been but I've always wanted to go.
Yes, I think from Belfast. He's a great musician. Moon Shadows is one of my favorites.
The Island of Dr. Moreau is similar to TRON: Legacy.
The Island of Dr. Moreau is also a sci-fi movie.
Yes, The Fifth Element is another sci-fi movie you might be into.
Ok,.
District 9 is a thriller. The Spanish Prisoner and The Neon Demon may be similar movies since both of those movies are thrillers too.
Do you want to know more about either of those two movies?
The Spanish Prisoner is written by David Mamet and was released in 1997. Give me some time to look up more information about The Neon Demon.
You
I actually am only familiar with her song "Jar of Hearts," which I do like. Do you know any of her other songs?
Oh, interesting. I more so listen to the genres rock/heavy metal. I only heard her song on the radio when it was popular. What is your favorite music genre?
My favorite bands are Marilyn Manson, HIM and 69 Eyes at the moment.
No, they're not new they are a part of the gothic rock genre but have an older rock sound to them.
Yes! It is written by Diana Gabaldon, It's genres include romance and speculative fiction. It was released in 1992. Would you like recommendations for similar novels?
Of course! Similar novels include; The Known World, The Alienist, and Gravity's Rainbow. Are these of interest?
I do, he also wrote; Lost in the City and All Aunt Hagar's Children.
You're welcome!
Todd Phillips wrote The Hangover Part II
Todd Phillips wrote Old School as well. what kind of movies you like watching?
ok yes thats a great choose. hope you enjoy.
Yes, he is great! Have you heard of other point guards like Michael Cooper and Luke Ridnour?
I do! I know that it was written by both Hans Christian Andersen and Kristin Hannah. Have you read it?
It's a great short story and also in the fiction genre. It's highly recommended.
Yes, she also wrote that one as well.
You're welcome!
He Wrote II Principe
I dont know but he wrote many books in english
I am not sure about the names of his books
Welcome
Up is a disney movie starring Breanda Chapman. Are you into walt disney movies?
Brenda Chapman wrote Brave which is starring Craig Ferguson
Brave has genre Family. Do you like Family Movies?
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory has genre Family. It's one of my favorites because its a movie the whole family can enjoy.
You welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
Sure 1994 NBA finals Champions
The runner-up was New York Knicks the team that drafted Tim Hardaway Jr
I don't have any information past the draft information
Renaldo Balkman was also drafted by the New York Knicks I am not a fan a Hardaway himself but his name was on some nice sneakers years ago
Sure! The Gunslinger is written by Stephen King. If you like him then maybe you might like Mr. Mercedes.
The book was released in 2013.
You're welcome.
Zodiac and Twister may be similar to The Fight Club since Zach Grenier starred in all three of these movies.
Zodiac is a crime fiction
Warner Bros. Entertainment produced Zodiac.
I'm not a fan. I like my hometown team Houston Texans more.Are you a fan of the Browns?
Isn't Rob Chudzinski the coach for the Browns? I hear his name alot during games.
Yes, I I think I heard of him before. He's from Brooklyn right?
I think Randy was in music before too. And a business person. Sounds like he's had a good life.
I do not think he is in any movie I know he wrote Zo no shometsu
He also wrote
I do not know
He also wrote  Fushigi na toshokan.
your welcome
I know its written by Saulius Dagys. Are you interested in the book?
It is a Philosophy book and a Memoir.
I cannot because I don't know anymore books by him.
You are welcome have a nice day
Transformers: Dark of the Moon has a genre of Sci-Fi, just like the film Predators
Captain America: The Winter Soldier?
Insurgent?
Beatrice Prior, played by Shailene Woodley, must confront her inner demons and continue her fight against a powerful alliance which threatens to tear her society apart with the help from others on her side.
You're welcome!@
Yes. Great drama book. It was written by Billie Letts
I can recommend you The Crucible, written by Christopher Bigsby. It's also a drama.
He also wrote All My Sons
You are welcome. Let me know if I can help you more
He is a great actor! He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! as well as The Nutcracker in 3D. Have you seen either of those?
It is great, you should enjoy it. Topher Grace was also in Too Big to Fail, which is another great one!
Yes, that is Cynthia Nixon! She was also in Too Big to Fail.
Bill Clinton did appear in it. It also starred William Hurt.
He also starred in Winter's Tale. You should try that, it's great!
F. Murray Abraham starred in Scarface and Last Action Hero. Do you want to hear more films that he starred on?
You might like The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. It stars Robin Wright and was directed by Stieg Larsson.
Avengers: Age of Ultron is a great choice.
I also recommend Unbreakable. Have you seen that move?
Yes, that one is also a science fiction film
You're welcome!
I'm not a big fan of basketball, is that your favorite sport ?
I'm a college football fan myself, who's your favorite team ? (Mine being Iowa Hawkeyes)
I do enjoy watching some NFL, we root for the New England Patriots
Yes, the lost to the Seahawks, 30-27.
Nor am I. I am a Packers fan. What NFL team do you like?
Nice! Is your favorite player Tom Brady?
Yes! Outlander is written by Diana Gabaldon and is a great sci-fi action story.
Did you know it's also a series on T.V.? The first episode aired in 2014. Another great sci-fi is Xeneocide by Orson Scott Card.
Yes, White Teeth, is a great fiction sci-fi. You'll enjoy it.
You're welcome.
Yes. Can you tell me what you enjoyed about the book?
Would you like more book selections based on the genre of Drama?
You might want to check out David and Goliath or Moonrise as well.
No problem.
I really don't like German teams, and especially teams with Jürgen Klinsmann.
I do like Tottenham Hotspur, even though Klinsmann also played for them. What about you?
Yes he is great, I actually have his jersey! Do you like him too?
Sure, One for the Money falls into the genre of comedy, so some suggestions you may like are the Princess Diaries and the Devil Wears Prada
The Princess Diaries was written by Meg Cabot who also wrote Twilight as well
Yes, there is another book called Twilight that was written by Stephanie Meyer
You are correct, New Moon is part of the series written by Stepanie Meyer, and another is Breaking Dawn
You're very welcome!
That's a great family movie! Mindy Kaling stars in it along with Amy Poehler.
She was in Wreck-It Ralph. She was also in This is the End and No Strings Attached. She's a great actor.
It's designated as Fantasy and Black comedy. It was written by Evan Goldberg who also wrote the Pineapple Express. Have you seen that one?
Great. Anything else I can help with?
Enjoy the movie.
I am unsure which actors are considered similar, but Jeff Garlin has starred along side Sarah Silverman, Jessy Schram, and Amy Sedaris.
Yes! Sarah Silverman has a show called The Sarah Silverman Program. She is the producer as well as the creator!
Sarah Silverman has starred in movies such as; There's Something About Mary, The Way of the Gun, School for Scoundrels, and Take This Waltz.
Would you like me to check based on Historical? Or Biographical?
Well, A Beautiful Mind would be just the thing for you. Did you know that Russell Crowe personally starred in that one?
Would Robin Hood, fit the time frame that you have in mind?
Yeah, he also directed Ransom and Sky High as well.
Sure. Do you like Mr. & Mrs. Smith because of its main stars Brad Pitt and/or Angelina Jolie?
Brad Pitt starred in Troy, Fury, Fight Club and many more. He also starred with Angelina Jolie in the movie By the Sea released in 2015.
Donnie Darko is a movie written by Richard Kelly. Mary McDonell is starring.
Yes, he was one of the writers. Kelly aslo directed and produced The Box.
It is a mix of Fantasy, Drama and Thriller like Donnie Darko was. If you like one of those genres, ou may like it!
The Golden Compass with Jim Carter is a good one. It is funny as well!
enjoy your movies!
Tower of Dawn and Queen of shadows both written by Sarah J Maas you might also like
Fantasy-Action is that what your looking for?
A must read is her Court of Thorns and Roses very intense storyline
Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows is a mystery movie starring Robert Downey, Jr. He also starred in Gothika. Have you seen that one?
Gothika is similar to films like Venky and Wild Things if you have seen those.
You are welcome. You may also want to check out Trance. Have a great day!
Yes, of course. One of her most notable books was Go Ask Alice.
Yes, it is. James Camercon wrote The Titanic. Did you know he also wrote The Abyss?
You're very welcome.
Miss Congeniality is also a great movie starring Sandra Bullock. Do you like her?
Two Weeks Notice, Gun Shy and All About Steve are great movies and they all were Produced by Sandra Bullock. Have you seen these?
It is a comedy starring Sandra Bullock and Bradley Cooper, Great movie and I would suggest watching it.
Sure, Enjoy!
I don't know too much about it. I know it is written by John Green in 2008 and it's a young adult fiction book. Do you like books similar to Paper Towns?
I know John Green wrote the books An Abundance of Katherines and Looking for Alaska. I heard that they are thinking of making a movie of Looking for Alaska
Looking for Alaska is a young adult fiction book and can be called Children's Literature
No problem. Glad to help
You can read Ender's game by Orson scott , Brave new world by Aldous haxley.
Brave new world was published in 1932.
Outlander has genre Science Fiction.
Rainbow Rowell also wrote My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories and Landline
My data says Stephanie Perkins wrote Lola and the Boy Next Door.
They are both fictions like the novel We the Animals.
no problem
Yes, he starred in and directed Wreck-it Ralph. Mindy Kaling is also in it. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure he was in it, but he was involved in writing it. Do you like animated movies this one?
If you like animation, I'd recommend The Lion King. Watch it now and then you'll be ready for the new one that is soon to be released.
I don't know much about her other than she's a tennis player. I do like Serena Williams. Do you like her?
I like Serena I see her a lot more. Did you know she starred in Hair Show?
It's a movie.
Sure, Zach Snyder wrote the thriller Sucker Punch and starred in Night Watchmen.
Watchmen stars Matt Frewer and Billy Crudup.
I'd say it's more of a Science Fiction/Fantasy drama. Do you like that genre?
A couple would be Vertical Limit and Thunderbirds.
Sure, she wrote a wide array of books, from Fantasy to Children's Literature. Do you have a preference in genre?
Then I would try The Sweet Far Thing series. Have you heard of it?
It is indeed. I believe the next one is called Rebel Angels, which is supposed to be good.
I do too. Not sure if these are series books, but a couple other good fantasy books are The Sea of Monsters and The Never War.
Any time, enjoy!
It was written by Daphne du Maurier. She also wrote My Cousin Rachel (not Vinny), and Jamaica Inn.
It is a Historical Period Drama. It was converted to a movie directed by Henry Koster.
I don't, sorry. Did you know that she was influenced by Stephen King's writing though?
You're very welcome
That NFL team was runner up at Super Bowl XXIV. Do you like Case Keenum?
He's the quarterback. The Broncos beat the Bengals 24-10 today. Do you watch much football.
The head coach is Vance Joseph. What sports do you enjoy?
Do you have a favorite team or player?
Well the Warriors are going pretty good. I hope they win!
Andrés Iniesta is a player on the spain national football team.
Sergio Ramos is the defender coached by Vicente del Bosque.
Correct! They also play at Estadio Manuel Martnez Valero in Spain.
A Wind in the Door is a great book that is similar to Wrinkle in Time.
They are both speculative fiction books. Do you like that genre?
You should read Z for Zachariah it is a interesting speculative fiction book.
Yes it was, enjoy it.
Yes I do. Did you know he played in Honeymoon in Vegas ?
That's What I like is my favorite song of his. What is your favorite song of his?
Yes I like Cardi B too
Sure, have you read The Phantom Tollbooth?
The Phantom Tollbooth is a children's fantasy adventure novel written by Norton Juster with illustrations by Jules Feiffer, published in 1961 by Random House.
You are Welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a great weekend!
Yes, he is an american footballer, played as Quarterback. Won Heisman Trophy too. What is your favorite sport?
You mean Arizona Wildcats, I know they represents the University of Arizona in the sport,
Oh yeah, heard about it, it stars Wesley Snipes and LL Cool J too. Mat be I'll watch that. Prefer movies over football.
Yes, Jean-Pierre Jeunet wrote Micmacs.
Sure.Zulu and Young Sherlock Holmes are action films. Have you seen either of those movies?
Orlando Bloom is the starring actor in Zulu.
Great, I hope you enjoy it. Is there anything else that you're interested in?
Well, it was a book written by Jay Asher in 2007. He writes a lot of Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
That's actually the only one I can think of at the moment, but some other good Young-adult ones you and your son should try are: What My Mother Doesn't Know and Uglies. Have you heard of those?
I do indeed. I like Sonya Sones, who wrote What My Mother Doesn't Know. I think he'll like that one.
2001 I believe.
Sure it is wrtten by Jane Austen and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Sure, she wrote Persuasion and Lad y Susan. Do those sound interesting to you?
I believe in 1817 I'm not certain. Would you like to read it?
No problem, enjoy!
He wrote Michael Clayton which stars Tilda Swinton and has genre in mystery. Do you like mystery?
Sure, The Red Violin and Sherlock are great mystery movies.
It stars Carlo Cecchi and Clotilde Mollet and is a mystery fiction.
Certainly, enjoy!
