Home Alone was written by John Lee Hancock and stars Thomas Lennon. Do you like that genre?
Home Alone is a family film. You might also like The Fault in Our Stars.
Ferris Bueller's Day Off is a family film
You got it!
The Martian is a thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like thrillers?
Matt Damon also starred in "Silence of the Lambs" and "Silence of the Lambs."
You're welcome, enjoy!
Me too! It's a great movie. It was written by J.K. Rowling.
Thomas Harris also wrote The Silence of the Lambs: The Silence of the Lambs.
Thomas Harris also wrote The Silence of the Lambs, which is a Thriller.
He directed The Road to Little Dribbling, which is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes Matthew Modine and Adam Baldwin starred in Full Metal Jacket. Did you know he is also a director?
Full Metal Jacket was directed by Stanley Kubrick as well. He also directed Beyond the Sea. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I can't find any other books by her, but I can tell you the author is John Green
Yes, Rosemary Wells also wrote Zoe's Tale and Xenocide.
Yes Xenocide is a Zoe's Tale. Xenocide is a horror novel.
The Shawshank Redemption is written by Stephen King and stars Morgan Freeman. Do you like Stephen King movies?
The Green Mile is similar to The Shawshank Redemption, which is a horror.
You're welcome.
The Blind Side was a great movie. Did you know that Tom Hanks starred in it?
He also wrote The Blind Side. Have you read that one?
Michael Lewis is the main star
Lewis also wrote The Blind Side.
Yes Milan Kundera directed Romeo and Juliet. Are you a fan of romance films?
I don't know much about Milan Kundera, but I know he starred in The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded.
I don't know of any of her books but I do know that Milan Kundera was influenced by William Shakespeare.
Mulholland Drive is a Psychological thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like thrillers?
Robert Forster also starred in The Pillars of the Earth which is a Psychological thriller.
Yes, Tom Hardy starred in Thick as Thieves and Morgan Freeman.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about soccer, but I do know they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
I don't know much about soccer but I do know that he is an athlete who plays for FC Bayern Munich.
Yes, I like baseball and baseball as well. Do you like soccer?
Gary Chapman wrote The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you heard of that one?
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Five Love Languages.
You're welcome, enjoy!
That was written by Madeleine L'Engle and is in the Young-adult fiction genre. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Yes, it is. She also wrote A Wind in the Door.
Yes, A Wind in the Door is a Thriller as well as A Wind in the Door.
Sure, Storm Front was written by Christopher Bigsby and is a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it was released in 2014.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are a basketball team. Do you like basketball?
It's a basketball player from Los Angeles, but I don't know much about him. Do you like him?
Yes, he is. He was born in Philadelphia.
Yes, he's from Los Angeles. He's a basketball player.
You're welcome.
Twilight is written by Stephanie Meyer. She also wrote The Chemist. Have you read that one?
She also wrote Twilight. It is a young-adult fiction book.
She also wrote The Chemist and The Chemist.
The Chicago Bulls are a basketball team owned by Jerry Reinsdorf. Do you like basketball?
I didn't know that. That was a comedy-drama. Do you like comedies?
That was a great movie. Did you know Anna Farris starred in The Matrix Reloaded?
Yes, I do. She is a tennis player from Denmark and plays tennis. Do you like tennis?
She lost to Venus and her sister Serena Williams. Do you like her?
I don't know much about the 2008 Olympics but I do know that Serena is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
It's a romance novel written by Charles Dickens. Do you like romance novels?
You can try The Maze Runner, The Maze Runner, and The Maze Runner
Daniel Defoe wrote The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York, Mariner. Have you read it?
He wrote the Chronicles of Riddick and The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West.
It was released in 1922.
Fast and the Furious was written by Gary Scott Thompson and stars Vin Diesel. Do you like Vin Diesel movies?
Yes, Eva Mendes is in that movie.
Thrillers like Shark Night is a good one.
Yes, he wrote Defending Jacob. Have you heard of it?
Jack Thorne is a screenwriter and film producer. He wrote Where the Wild Things Are. Have you heard of it?
I don't know of any films he produced but I do know he wrote The Matrix Reloaded.
I haven't seen that one, but I do know it was written by David Ayer and it is a Romance Film.
Sure, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen those?
The Bodyguard is a horror film starring Mike Starr. Do you like horror films?
It's considered a martial arts film. You should check it out.
Dave McKean wrote Wizard and Glass and The Graveyard Book. Have you read them?
It was released in 2015 and is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Ato Essandoh starred in The Republic of Love and The Others. Have you seen those?
Saving Face is a drama. Do you like drama?
You're welcome.
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Do you like Fantasy movies?
These movies are Fantasy and Fantasy.
Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
You are welcome
Sure! Deborah Harkness wrote The Book Of Mormon and The Book Of Mormon. Have you read either of those?
Drama genre
It was written by Lauren Oliver and is Young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
I don't know any of the actors in it, but I do know it was written by Sonny Busey. You might like it.
You're welcome.
The Namesake was written by Jhumpa Lahiri
I would recommend The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. It is also a short story.
The Nightingale is written by J.K. Rowling.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver. Do you like them?
I have! I've been to the Seattle Seahawks and the Seattle Seahawks. Have you been there?
I'm not a big fan of Ryan Gosling. I'm more of a Carolina Panthers fan.
Sure, do you like books written by Stephen King or do you like Stephen King?
He also wrote The Mist and The Green Mile. Have you read them?
You're welcome.
Sure, he directed The Mask and The Scorpion King. Have you seen them?
Yes, it is a Thriller as well as a horror movie.
I don't know any other Fantasy genre films, but I do know that Zathura is also a Family genre film.
Yes it is, it is also a Family Adventure film. Have you seen it?
Yes, he wrote The Secret of Moonacre and The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you read those?
Yes, that is correct. Would you like me to add it to your reading list?
I don't know too much about his music, but I do know he is a teacher.
I don't know much about them, I do know they are owned by Tom Brady. Do you like them?
I enjoy watching the New England Patriots and the New England Patriots. How about you?
I am not a cricket fan. I am more of a baseball fan.
I'm not sure about that, but I do know it is a soccer team.
I don't know too much about them today. I know they are owned by Wayne Weaver.
I didn't watch that game. I'm more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan.
I agree, the team is doing well this year.
Yes, he is an athlete on the Argentina national football team. Are you a fan of him?
I don't know much about soccer, but I know he is a player from Argentina.
I like American football, but I don't know much about the sport. What about you?
I'm not sure if he directed anything else, but I can tell you he was also a producer and a director.
Manhunter is a horror film starring Robert Downey Jr. and Kevin Spacey.
It's a thriller and a suspense starring Tom Hanks. It was released in 2011.
If you like Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, you should check it out.
I have! It's a great book. It was written by J.K. Rowlings, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Finding Nemo is a Thriller and a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, they are. The Walt Disney Company is a Disney movie.
You're welcome.
Ayush Mahesh Khedekar starred in Slumdog Millionaire. Have you seen it?
You're welcome. He also starred in Ayush Mahesh Khedekar.
I'm not sure anything else on the scene, but Ayush Mahesh Khedekar was also born in Mumbai.
Sure, he wrote Oliver Twist. Have you read that one?
Yes, that was the same year as Oliver Twist.
It's genre is fiction. Do you like fiction?
Xenocide has genre Speculative fiction
Rickie Fowler is an American professional golfer from Murrieta. Do you like golf?
Yes, he is. He is a great golfer. He won the 2012 PGA Championship. Do you like golf?
I am not sure, but I do know that he is an athlete who is a golfer.
I know that Nesnesitelna Lehkosti also wrote The World According to Garp and The World According to Garp.
It was written by Richelle Mead. Do you like her work?
Yes, he also wrote The Last Samurai and The Sum of All Fears.
Do you like Deadpool because it's a fantasy movie?
Sure, it is a Thriller/Drama starring Charlize Theron. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, it is written by Dr. Seuss and is a children's literature book. Do you like children's literature?
Yes, if you like that genre, you should check out The Time Traveler's Wife.
That was a great year for books written by Walter Hill. Have you read any of his work?
I did not know that
I'm sorry, I don't have any information about that
You too!
Sure, Catherine Hardwicke directed Red Riding Hood and Twilight. Have you seen either of those?
Catherine Hardwicke starred in a lot of action movies. Would you like to know more about it?
I don't know any other movies she's starred in but I can tell you more about The Rainmaker.
You're welcome.
Emilia Fox starred in Shooting the Past and Shooting the Past. Have you seen those?
Yes, it was. That was a great movie. Did you know it was written by John Green?
RocknRolla is considered a thriller and a crime film.
Sure, I can play that for you.
I think she's a good tennis player, but I don't know much about her. Are you a fan?
I don't know too much about Yaina Wickmayer, but I know she is in a relationship with Rory Mcllroy.
I'm not sure, but I know Yaina Wickmayer is from Belgium and is a musician.
I'm not sure, but Yaina Wickmayer is from Belgium.
Sure, he directed Maleficent. Have you seen that one?
Yes, it is a fiction movie based on the book of the same name written by Steven Spielberg
The Goblet of Fire is a good one
Sure, do you like it because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
The Hudsucker Proxy is a Thriller and O Brother Where Art Thou is a Thriller.
I don't know any other actors that starred in The Hudsucker, but Joel Coen also starred in The Last Samurai.
You're welcome.
Beverly D'Angela starred in The Matrix Reloaded and in The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen any of those?
National Lampoon's Vacation is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, it was directed by Guillermo del Toro. Are you a fan of sci-fi thrillers?
It was written and directed by Guillermo de Toro. It's a great Action Adventure movie.
I'm not sure, but he also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Great, I will add it to your watch list.
I don't know when it was released, but I'll add it to your favorites.
You're welcome.
He directed The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded, and The Matrix Reloaded.
It stars Kurt Wimmer and Kurt Wimmer. Are you a fan of theirs?
Yes, he was. It was directed by Kurt Wimmer. He also directed Kurt Wimmer.
Yes, it is. I think you'll like it.
The Cabin in the Woods is starring Kristen Connolly and is a horror movie. Do you like horror movies?
Do you like High School Musical 2 because it is a comedy?
I don't have any vampire diaries, but I do have a couple of other Drama movies. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he did. It is a Horror/drama film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he is a great singer. Did you know that he starred in Suspense?
I like a lot of different types of music like Taylor Swift and Selena Gomez. What about you?
I don't know much about her, but I do know she is a singer like Selena Gomez. I'm a big fan of hers.
King Kong was written and directed by Steven Spielberg. He also directed The Matrix Reloaded.
It is a sci-fi/action movie starring Matt Damon and was released in 2006.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in Friends with Benefits and The Hangover. Have you seen those?
Yes, Mila Kunis was in that movie. Did you know she also starred in Friends With Benefits?
Yes, Mila Kunis is married to Hailey Baldwin. She's also married to Hailey Baldwin.
Yes, he has won several awards including the 2012 PGA Championship and the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer. Do you know them?
I'm not sure, but I do know that he's a tennis player.
He wrote The Two Towers, The Two Towers, and The Two Towers.
It has a genre of Thriller, Sci-Fi, Action and Action.
Yes, he produced it as an action film.
Sure. Dinner for Schmucks is a Comedy/drama produced by Robert A. Heinlein.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it was written by John Green.
He starred in The Road to El Dorado. Have you seen it?
Tom Wilkinson wrote The Tom Wilkinson Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian and the Seabiscuit. Have you seen it?
If you like Eternal Sunshine, you might also like The Last Samurai.
Extracted stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Robert Downey Jr.. Do you like them?
I'll add it now.
The Giving Tree is a Young-adult fiction book written by James Dashner. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
You might enjoy The Giving Tree by Elizabeth George Speare, or The Giving Tree by Elizabeth George Speare.
It's a fiction and children's literature. Do you like those kinds of books?
You're welcome.
William Landay wrote Defending Jacob.
Defending Jacob is a novel written in 1895 and is in the genre of Suspense.
You got it!
Sure, David Levithan wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is a speculative fiction.
Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist is a thriller.
Sure, I can tell you Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist is a similar book.
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets is in the Harry Potter series. Are you interested in other fantasy genre movies?
Yes, Rupert Grint starred in The Prisoner of Azkaban.
Yes he did. He also starred in The Casual Vacancy.
I'll add it to your watch list. Enjoy!
I know that he is a famous football player for the Belgium national football team. Are you a fan?
I don't watch much football but I do enjoy American football. I am a big fan of Serena Williams.
Rafa is an American professional tennis player from Belgium. I am not a big fan of hers.
I am not a huge fan of tennis but I do enjoy watching Serena play.
The Pillars of the Earth and The Pillars of the Earth are similar to Hayley Atwell
Yes, the Duchess was written by Saul Dibb and he also wrote Friends with Benefits.
The Duchess is a psychological thriller starring Jeffrey Hatcher. It was released in 2011.
William Directed The Hunted and The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen those?
The Hunted is a horror film starring Natalie Portman and Michael Chernus. Do you like horror films?
Yes, he has directed The Hunted. It is a Thriller/Drama that was directed by Robert Mark Kamen.
You got it! I hope you enjoy!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Prometheus is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You might like Zombieland, X-Men Origins, and World War Z. Have you seen any of those?
It's a great movie! It was written by Robert Downey Jr., who also starred in A Bug's Life.
The Boston Celtics is a professional basketball team based in Boston, Massachusetts. Do you like basketball?
I am more of a basketball fan. What about you do you like to watch?
Airbud was a great movie. It was a great animated movie.
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know they are coached by Lovie Smith and Lovie Smith.
I don't know much about the team but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver. Do you like football?
It was written by Casablanca. It is a war film. Do you like war films?
Casablanca is a crime drama film starring Robert Duvall and is a crime drama
There is a big name in this movie, Casablanca is starring in this movie
I'm not a big basketball fan but I do know their coach is Jason Kidd. Do you like them?
I don't know much about Jay-Z but I do know that they are owned by Jay-Z.
Yes, he was. Do you know if he was in Cadillac Records?
I'm not a big fan of her music but I do like her song A Thousand Years. Have you heard it?
I don't know much about her music, but I do like soul music.
Yeah, I'm a big fan of hers.
J.R.R. Tolkien wrote Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth
The Lord of the Rings was released in 2001 and the next in the series is The Hobbit.
It was written by J.R.R. Tolkien and is a great read.
If you like young adult fantasies, I would recommend The Fault in Our Stars. It's a great book.
oh that sounds like a good book. oh ok
It is an adventure movie starring Matt Damon and was released in 1988.
Great, hope you like it
Sure! American Hustle is a drama starring Christian Bale and Jennifer Lawrence. Do you like dramas?
MR Bale also starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, it was directed by Steven Spielberg.
You're welcome.
Yes, he is an actor who starred in The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded.
Yes, he was in Four Christmass. Do you like that kind of movie?
He's a great actor. He's a great actor. You should check him out. He's a great actor in that movie.
I think he is a good athlete, but I don't know much about him. Is he a cricket player?
I don't know too much about him, but I know he plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders. Do you like him?
Jason Flemyng starred in Wild Bill and Welcome to the Punch. Have you seen them?
I am not sure, but Jason Flemyng starred in Welcome to the Punch. Did you know he is also an actor?
Yes, he was. Do you like his acting?
Another great movie is Welcome to the Punch. Have you seen it?
Sure, she starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen those?
I am not sure who else is in it. Is there anything else I can help you with?
it is a drama
Yes, Michelle Wie is an athlete. She's a professional golfer from Honolulu.
Adam Sandler wrote and directed Happy Gilmore. Did you know Adam Sandler starred in that movie?
I love comedies! Kevin James was hilarious in that movie.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Tom Benson.
Yes, he is. Do you like American Football?
That was a great year for the Saints and the San Francisco 49ers.
The Amazing Spider-Man was written by Stan Lee. Do you like his work?
If you like Superhero films, you might also like The Incredible Hulk or The Avengers.
If you like adventure films, you might also like The Incredible Hulk or The Incredible Hulk.
The Chicago Bulls are a basketball team owned by Jerry Reinsdorf. Do you like basketball?
Yeah, I'm more of a baseball fan. What's your favorite team?
I'm not a big fan of NBA Finals but I do enjoy watching the NBA Finals. Who's your favorite team?
I'm sorry, I don't have a lot of information on the team.
Yes, he wrote Outsiders and is a Children's literature. Do you like Children's literature?
The author of Young-adult fiction is Rick Riordan, who also wrote Outsiders.
The author of Wicked Lovely is J.K. Simmons. She also wrote When You Reach Me.
Of course, enjoy!
Yes, I do like her music. Did you know she starred in the movie Valentine's Day?
Yes, I like some of her music like Teenage Dream and Teenage Dream.
Yes, that was a great movie. It is a comedy-drama. Do you like that kind of movie?
Yes, Once Upon a Time in the West is directed by Mickey Knox.
Sergio Leone also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Catch is a horror novel written by James Dashner. Do you like horror novels?
Catch Me If You Can is a Drama/Thriller.
Tom Hanks also starred in the movie Larry Crowne. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
They are 4th in their division right now. They are 4th in their division right now.
I don't know much about basketball. Who's your favorite player?
There's a town in Madison Square Garden. There's a town in Madison Square Garden.
She wrote Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility. Have you read either of those?
Sense and Sensibility is a Thriller based on the book of Jane Austen.
I'll do that right away.
He's a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Do you like him?
Shelden Williams was born in Oklahoma City.
Sandi Patty was born in Oklahoma City.
He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Whiplash is a drama starring J.K Simmons and Melissa Benoist. It was released in 2014.
She starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on other movies she starred in. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome.
Sure, do you like books written by Malcolm Gladwell or the genre?
What the dog saw and other adventures was written by Malcolm Gladwell and it is a comedy-drama.
You might also enjoy The Handmaid's Tale and The Handmaid's Tale.
Lebron James plays on the Cleveland Cavaliers. Are you a basketball fan?
I'm not sure, but I know he was born in Los Angeles
He won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award and the NBA Most Valuable Player Award
Do you like it because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Guy Ritchie also directed The Skulls. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Silence of the Lambs is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, Red Dragon is a horror film and Hannibal is a Thriller
I am not a big horror movie fan but I do know The Silence of the Lambs was directed by Hannibal
Sure, he wrote The Water is Wide, The Prince of Tides, and The Prince of Tides. Have you read any of those?
The Prince of Tides is a Romance Film starring Pat Conroy. He also wrote The Prince of Tides. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
Nick Cassavetes directed The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. Have you seen that one?
Sure! My Sister's Keeper stars Zoey Deutch and Kate Beckinsale. Do you like their movies?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you Lin Shaye starred in The Sister's Keeper.
I don't know much about him, but I know he's a boxer. Who's your favorite Manny Pacquiao?
I'm not sure but I can tell you it was a Thriller.
That's amazing! He's a politician, politician and politician.
I think he will fight Oscar De La Hoya.
Yes, Eclipse Eclipse is a great Eclipse movie. It was written by Stephen King and released in 2007. Have you seen it?
Yes, she also wrote The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner.
Yes, Kellan Lutz also starred in Inmortals 2. Do you like horror movies?
Great, I will add it to your watch list.
Ravichandran Ashwin is a cricket player from India. Do you like cricket?
I don't know much about basketball, but I know he is a basketball player.
I don't know much about soccer. I am more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Sure! It was written by Terry Pratchett and is a Fantasy novel. Do you like Fantasy?
the Looking Glass was written by John Green and is fantasy. Do you like books by this author?
It was written by Peter Hyams and released in 2009.
It was directed by Quentin Tarantino. He also directed Grindhouse.
I don't know much about him, but I can tell you he also starred in Grindhouse. Have you seen that one?
Grindhouse is directed by Robert Rodriquez and also directed Grindhouse. Have you seen it?
Yes, it was written by Frances Hodgson Burnett and is a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy genre?
Stephen King is the author and he is also a teacher
There is another book called The Secret Garden
you are welcome
Hugh Jackman starred in The Wolverine. Have you seen that movie?
I don't know, but he was in The Wolverine. Have you seen it?
Hugh Jackman also starred in The Wolverine.
You might also like World War Z or X-Men Origins.
You're welcome.
Green Eggs and Ham is a children's literature written by Dr. Seuss. Do you like children's literature?
Dr. Sues wrote The Cat in the Hat and The Cat in the Hat. Have you read them?
Frank Coraci starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. what else can i do for you?
he has directed several movies including Zero Dark Thirty and The Hunger Games
your welcome
I know he's a basketball player from the Golden State Warriors. Are you a fan?
Yes, he plays for the Golden State Warriors and is also a small forward.
Hush is written by J.K. Rowling and is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure, do you like books by Becca Fitzpatrick or books authored by Ben Stiller?
Becca Fitzpatrick wrote The Two Towers, The Two Towers, and The Two Towers
Sure, would you like more information about this book?
I love her music. My favorite song is Your Love is My Drug. Have you heard of it?
I don't know too much about her but I do know she is friends with Selena Gomez.
I am more into country music. I am not a big fan of hers. What about you?
I like him too! He's a great singer. I think he's also a musician.
Yes, Virat Kohli is an Indian international cricketer who is a cricket player. Do you like cricket?
Yes, he is. He played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics. Have you been there?
I don't know much about Zlatan, but I know he played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
Yes, I do. It was directed by Robert Downey Jr. and starred Scarlett Johansson.
He is Russian, and he was born in Moss. He was also a teacher.
I like Tina Fey too. I'm a big fan of hers.
I'm not sure about that movie but I do know she is a recurring writer on Saturday Night Live.
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy is written by Douglas Adams. Do you like Douglas Adams books?
Yes, he also wrote The Time Traveler's Wife and The End of the Universe.
I don't know anything else about him, but I can tell you that he also wrote Fifty Shades of Grey.
You're welcome!
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
Sure, Morten Tyldum directed The Imitation Game and Headhunters. Have you seen those?
I do not have information on that. However, I can tell you Morten Tyldum starred in The Imitation Game.
The Imitation Game is a psychological thriller starring Christian Bale and Benedict Cumberbatch. Do you like that kind of movie?
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Historian is a suspense thriller. Do you like suspense?
The Swan Thieves is a suspense novel written by Elizabeth Kostova and is in the suspense genre.
Added to your reading list.
21 Jump Street is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Do you like Channing Tatum because it's a drama?
I'm not sure who wrote that movie, but Channing Tatum also starred in that movie.
To Kill a Mockingbird is a drama. It was released in 1960. Would you like to hear more about it?
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie!
Danny Boyle directed Young Frankenstein. Have you seen it?
127 Hours is a Thriller/Drama.
Yvonne Zima starred in 127 Hours and Trance.
You're welcome.
Yes, Rosie Project is written by Graeme Simsion and was released in 2013.
Yes there is Graeme Simsion and Graeme Simsion is a film. You might also like The Rosie Project.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Graeme Simsion is an American novelist who wrote The Rosie Effect.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is a fantasy novel written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like fantasy novels?
The Chronicles of Narnia and Dead Poets Society are speculative fiction genre
Aaron Rodgers is a quarterback for the Green Bay Packers. Are you a fan of football?
I'm not much of a football fan, but I do know that the Green Bay Packers are known for being a football team.
I don't know too much about Serena, but I do know she is married to Serena.
Yes, it is a great movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hardy?
Yes, Guillermo Arriaga starred in Guillermo Arriaga.
Yes, he did. It's a historical period drama.
I'm not sure but it was directed by David Ayer.
You're welcome.
Lucky Number Slevin was written by Ben Stiller who also wrote The Good Doctor and The Bad Doctor. Have you seen those?
Then you might like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee and Sam Jaeger. It is also a thriller.
I'm not sure who directed it, but Katharine McPhee also starred in Scream 4 and V for Vendetta.
If you like Thrillers, you might also like Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee
Great choice, I think you'll enjoy it!
Sure, he wrote O Diario de um Mago and O Diario de um Mago.
Sure! She wrote The Two Princesses of Bamarre and Fairest. Have you read either of those?
The Two Princesses of Bamarre is a drama.
You're welcome.
Yes, I do. Did you know that he is a singer?
I'm not sure about that song, but I can tell you it is similar to The Weeknd's Song.
I don't know too much about her, but I do know she is friends with Selena Gomez.
No, I don't know who she is. Is she a singer?
Yes, Up in the Air is a comedy starring Matt Damon and is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
I'm not sure if he was in a political thriller, but I do know that he is a political thriller.
Yes, he did. He was a great actor in that movie. He also starred in The Handmaid's Tale.
Sure. She starred in The Pillars of the Earth and The Sweeney. Have you seen those?
I don't have any information on any other actors, but Hayley Atwell is also a director.
You're welcome.
Sure, he directed The Pallbearer and The Pallbearer. Have you seen those?
Pallbearer stars in the movie and it was released in 2012.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you he also starred in The Thin Red Line, which is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Mary McDonnell starred in The Princess Diaries and The Frog. Have you seen either of those?
She was also in the movie Valentine's Day. Have you seen that one?
She also starred in the movie A Bug's Life which is a comedy
Sure! Enjoy the movies!
I think he is a great tennis player, but I don't know much about him. I do you like tennis?
Serena is a great tennis player. Do you like tennis?
oh wow, i didn't know that
The Scarlet Letter is a romance novel written by James Dashner. Do you like romance novels?
I would recommend The Time Traveler's Wife. It's a great one.
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you read that one?
Wally Lamb wrote The Hour I First Believed and The Hour I First Believed. Have you read those?
Wishing' was released in 2015.
Wishing' was released in 2013 as a Christmas Story and A Christmas Story was released in 2013.
Yes, Thomas Cromwell is a writer and author.
Sure. Have a good day!
Me too! She was in movies such as Valentine's Day and The Lorax. Have you seen them?
Yes, she was. She also starred in Valentine's Day, which is a science fiction film.
Yes, that is a great movie. Did you know Betty White starred in The Lorax? He also starred in The Chemist.
It was written by Tim Dolin and released in 1891. Do you like the author or the genre?
Sure, he wrote The Chronicles of Narnia: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented and The Chronicles of Narnia: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
The book's author is Thomas Hardy. It was released in 1891 and is in the English language.
You're welcome.
Yes, he is. He's a singer, songwriter, and songwriter. Do you like his music?
I do like his electronic dance music
I don't know, but I know he is a singer
Do you like Fantasy or Adventure movies?
You might enjoy The Lord of the Rings or The Lord of the Rings. Have you heard of those?
I don't know much about soccer, but I do know that he is a musician. He was born in Lyon.
I do. I'm more of a American Football fan. What about you?
I'm a Pittsburgh Steelers fan. Who's your favorite hockey team?
Go Ask Alice was written by Go Ask Alice. It's a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Go Ask Alice was written by Go Ask Alice in the genre of speculative fiction.
I don't know much about soccer but I do know they are coached by Fernando Hierro. Do you watch soccer?
I like American Football and soccer. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I don't know much about football but I do like American Football
Sure, she wrote Water for Elephants and Little Altars Everywhere. Have you read them?
Yes, it is a romance film.
I'm not sure, but Water for Elephants was written by Sara Gruen.
Yes, it is also a Romance film.
I think she's a great singer and a singer. I like her song You Love Me. What about you?
Yes, I am a big fan of her music. I also like her on The Voice. Do you like her music?
Yes, I do. I like his music a lot. Do you know if there's a movie or a movie?
Yes, He wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and Await your reply.
Await Your Reply is considered a drama.
Yes, you're right. You might also like The Return of the King or The King's Speech.
You're welcome.
The Godfather was written by Francis Ford Coppola, who also wrote The War of the Worlds.
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Last Don.
Yes, he won the Godfather award.
Yes, he wrote Winnie-the-Pooh and Now We Are Six. Have you read those?
Winnie the Pooh was released in 1980 and the Tao of Pooh was written in English.
Yes, The Tao of Pooh was written by Ernest H. Shepard and was released in 1926.
You're welcome!
Yes, he starred in The Expendables 2 and The Expendables 2
I don't know much about him, but I know he was born in Sao Paulo.
I'm sorry, I don't know much about him, but he was born in Bogotá.
Yes, he directed Lilo & Stitch. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure but I do know that it was released in 2012.
It came out in 2011. It also starred Lilo & Stitch.
I don't know much about her, but I know she is a tennis player from Romania.
I'm not sure, but I know she's a tennis player.
I don't really follow tennis but I do know Serena is a tennis player.
Yes, he is an American professional golfer who won the 2010 Masters Tournament.
Yes, he is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Yes, he is. Do you know if he is a golfer?
I know that Simona Halep is a tennis player from Romania. Do you like her?
I do. I'm more of a tennis player. Do you like any other sports?
I'm more of a baseball fan, but I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Not really a baseball fan. I am more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Leonard Nimoy starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you seen it?
Yes, I do. She starred in No Strings Attached. Have you seen it?
Yes, Ashton Kutcher starred in a few romantic comedies like We Bought a Zoo and We Bought a Zoo.
Max Payne is a great actor. Did you know he starred in a movie called Friends with Benefits?
I am not sure, but I do know that Jamie Hector starred in The Muppets.
I will have to check it out.
Thank you
Do you like Kingdom of Heaven because it stars Orlando Bloom or because it is a drama?
Thelma & Louise stars in that movie. Do you know who the actor is?
It's a drama and action film. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Do you like Fight Club because it is a paranormal romance?
He also wrote The Silence of the Lambs. Have you heard of that one?
Great! You might also enjoy X-Men Origins:Wolverine and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
You're welcome.
Daniel Keyes wrote a book called Flowers for Algernon. Have you read it?
Yes, he has. He also wrote A Tale of Two Cities. Have you read it?
You're welcome.
Inception is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like the actors or the genre?
Sure, can I help you with anything else?
Yes, it is a blockbuster movie starring Morgan Freeman. Do you like superhero movies?
Yes, Crocodile Dundee is a blockbuster film. It's a crime drama.
The Godfather is directed by Francis Ford Coppola, who also directed The Prestige.
Yes, it's a great movie. Apocalypse Now stars Robert Duvall and Francis Ford Coppola.
Yes, he was. He also produced The Godfather Part II. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a quarterback for the Green Bay Packers. Are you a fan?
Is he a football player or a forward?
I do. Real Madrid is a great team. Do you like any other players?
Ayn Rand starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you heard of it?
Atlas Shrugged was released in 2001 and is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Ominous Parallels was written by Ayn Rand. She also wrote The Subterraneans which was released in 2011.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen those?
Sure, it's a romantic comedy that was directed by Robert Downey Jr. and is a drama. Do you like those types of films?
Yes, Rita Wilson and Wendie Malick also starred in The Princess Diaries. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Bourne Legacy stars Matt Damon and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure, he also wrote The Bourne Legacy.
Genre Romance Film
You're welcome
Yes, he wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight and The Long Kiss Goodnight. Have you read them?
Shane Black is a writer, director, producer, film director, producer, director, producer, and director. He also directed and produced The Longest Yard.
Yes, Corbin Bernsen starred in The Long Kiss Goodnight, and Kiss Bang Bang. Would you like to know more about any of them?
Corbin Bernsen also starred in The Long Kiss Bang, which is a comedy. Do you like Corbin Bernsen movies?
I don't know much about them, but I do know their coach is Jason Kidd is a good coach
Yes, he did. I think he's from the United States.
Yes, he is. He's also a musician.
Have you heard of Pride and Prejudice because it is written by Jane Austen or because it is a romance novel?
She's a great actress. She's written a lot of books. Would you like to hear about other books she's written?
That was a great movie. It's a crime thriller. Do you like those?
Ok, he's a great actor. He's also in The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, V for Vendetta is a science fiction film starring Stephen Fry and Stephen Fry. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, she also wrote The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded.
You might also like The Matrix Revoloution. It is a Family Friendly movie.
Sure, I'll add that one now.
I don't know much about BTS, but I do know they are a Korean boy band from Seoul.
I don't know too much about them, but I do know that they are a band of 7 members from the same band. Do you know who they are?
I've never heard of them, but they aren't doing well this season. They aren't doing well this year.
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in Friends with Benefits and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
Yes, I like her too. She's a great actress. Did you know she also starred in Friends With Benefits?
Yes, he also wrote Friends with Benefits. Have you seen that one?
Sure, do you like Sci-Fi or Adventure movies?
Sure! Inglorious Bastards was written by Quentin Tarantino. He also directed Grindhouse. Have you seen that movie?
It's a Thriller. Leonardo DiCaprio, who also starred in Sniper.
Adam Goldberg starred in Larry Crowne. It's a Thriller.
Persuasion is written by Jane Austen and was released in 1817. It was written by Ian Fleming and released in 1817.
Yes, she did. She also wrote Sense and Sensibility, which was released in 1817.
She also wrote Persuasion and Persuasion. Would you like to read either of those?
Yes, it is a drama and a comedy.
Then you might also like Xenocide, Xenocide, and Xenocide
I don't know much about him, but I know he is a soccer player from the Portugal national football team.
I believe he is from Portugal. I don't know much about soccer either. What's your favorite sport?
I don't know much about him but I do know he is a musician.
I'm not a big baseball fan but I do know they are owned by George Steinbrenner.
I think they will make it to the World Series this year. I am not a big fan of the baseball team but I do like the Pirates.
I'm not sure about the Redsocks, but I do know they're in the National League East and are owned by John York.
The Fault in Our Stars is written by John Green. He also wrote Paper Towns. Have you seen it?
Then you might also like Paper Towns and Looking for Alaska. Have you seen those?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, John Lee Hancock wrote The Blind Side and The Blind Side. Have you read them?
The Blind Side is a comedy-drama that was released in 2012. You may also like The Last Samurai. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Kingdom. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Oh, the Places You'll Go is a Speculative fiction written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like that genre?
Oh, the Places You'll Go! was also written by Dr. Seuss and was released in 1963. Have you heard of this book?
There's a Wocket in My Pocket was written by Dr. Seuss and is a Children's literature that was released in 1960. Do you enjoy Children's literature?
Do you like the book because it is a Romance or Fantasy?
It was written by Bitterblue and it was released in 2007
It is a fantasy book
You're welcome
Yes, it is a great book written by maze runner. It was released in 2014.
He also wrote The Scorch Trials and The Maze Runner.
Yes, The Death Cure is written by James Dashner.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, he directed The Last Samurai and The Last Samurai. Have you seen those?
Then you'll like The Time Traveler's Wife, which is a historical period drama.
She's a professional golfer from Honolulu. Do you like golf?
She's a professional golfer from Honolulu.
Yes, that was a great movie. It was written by Richelle Mead as well as Little Women. Do you like her work?
That was written by John Steinbeck. Do you like that author or do you like that genre?
Yes, it was written by John Steinback.
I'm not sure, but it was released in English.
Rich Dad's Guide to Investing: What the Rich Invest In, that the Poor and the Middle Class Do Not is similar to Rich Dad's Guide to Investing: What the Rich Invest In, that the Poor and the Middle Class Do Not.
Rich Dad's Guide to Investing: What the Rich Invest In, that the Poor and the Middle Class Do Not is a book written by him.
Yes, it was written in English and released in 1998.
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in Unleashed and The Princess Diaries. Have you seen those?
Yes, Stephen King also wrote The Mist and The Lawnmower Man. Have you seen those?
I have not, but I can tell you that Stephen King also wrote The Green Mile.
He also wrote the Mist and the Lawnmower Man.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I think she's a great singer and a singer. Do you like her music?
I didn't know that. I don't know that one. I know she is friends with Kelly Clarkson.
Yes, he was
Sure! Dominic Copper starred in The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded, and The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen any of these?
Sure, Robert Downey Jr and Michael Caine also starred in Warcraft. Are you a fan of those actors?
Sure, you might also enjoy the Harry Potter series, Where the Wild Things Are. It's a fantasy film.
I don't have that information, but I do know it was directed by Christopher Bigsby.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know he plays cricket as a cricket player. Are you a cricket fan?
Yes, England is a great team with a lot of teams including the Kolkata Knight Riders and the Kolkata Knight Riders.
He is a cricket player from India and plays for the Mumbai Indians. Do you like cricket?
Paula Hawkins wrote The Two Towers and The Two Towers. Have you read either of those?
World Cinema is a great book written by Paula Hawkins. Paula Hawkins also wrote The Girl on the Train, which is in French. Have you seen it?
The Outsiders is a Young-adult fiction written by S.E. Hinton. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
The Outsiders is a Psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
I don't know any other titles by him, but I can tell you he also wrote The Outsiders.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Gary Kubiak.
I'm not a big fan of football, but I do like the Eagles. Who's your favorite team?
You're right! I'm a Packers fan.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is an athlete.
I haven't. I've been to a long time. I'm more of a baseball fan.
I don't know too much about them. I'm more of a baseball fan. I don't know much about them.
The Dark Knight was written by Christopher Nolan, who also directed Batman Begins.
You're welcome.
I don't know too much about him, but I do know he is a lyricist
Yes, he's a great DJ, but I'm not sure if he's in a relationship with Taylor Swift. Do you know him?
I don't know too much about him, but I do know he is from the United States.
Yes, he starred in The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug, and The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug.
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Dark Knight Rises. Have you seen that one?
It was written and directed by Peter Jackson. It's a Sci-Fi Thriller.
Sure, he also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
Yes Man was written by Robert Mark Kamen and he also starred in The Jungle Book 2.
Yes, she was in Twin Falls Idaho and The Last Lullaby
Yes Man was a comedy as well as The Last Lullaby.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you he was also in The Last Lullaby.
You're welcome.
Cloverfield is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Drew Goddard wrote The Cabin in the Woods and The Cabin in the Woods. Have you heard of them?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it was directed by David Ayer.
I think he's a good singer, but I don't know much about him. What do you think?
I don't know much about him, I don't know much about him. What is he?
Yes, she is on American Idol. Have you seen any of his movies?
Sure, he wrote The Scarlatti Inheritance and The Scarlatti Inheritance. Have you read either of those?
I'm not sure, but Tony Gilroy also wrote The Bourne Identity.
Yes, he did. He also directed The Bourne Ultimatum and The Bourne Legacy.
He also directed The Bourne Ultimatum and The Bourne Ultimatum.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you he is a writer of The Bourne Identity.
Great, I'll add them to your list.
Sure, he wrote The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded. Have you read those?
Yes it is, it is a Thriller and a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes it is, it's a fantasy movie.
Great, I'll add it to your list.
Yes, he wrote The Voyages of Doctor Dolittle. Have you read it?
The Voyages of Doctor Dolittle was released in 1891 and is a fantasy novel.
Sure, Sally Beaumna wrote Rebecca's Tale and Rebecca's Tale. Have you read them?
It's a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
I don't know when it was released. I do know it was written in English.
You're welcome.
The Fellowship of the Ring is written by J.R.R Tolkien. He also wrote The Two Towers and The Two Towers.
Sure, do you like the movie because it is a superhero movie or a superhero movie?
Okay, I'll have to check out The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
Sure, I can recommend The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises. Have you seen any of these?
Yes, he did. It is a great movie.
George R. R. Martin wrote The Sworn Sword and The Mystery Knight. Have you read either of those?
Yes she did and she also starred in the movie Valentine's Day.
Yes he did write The Mystery Knight as well as The Time Traveler's Wife.
You're welcome.
Yes, she wrote Pride and Prejudice and Zombies. Have you read them?
She also starred in Sense and Sensibility. Have you seen it?
Bloodfever is a great Romance novel by Robert Louis Stevenson
The Goldfinch is written by Donna Tartt and was released in 2013. Do you like the author or the genre?
Yes, it is similar to Woken Furies, and Things Fall Apart.
I'm not sure but it was released in 2002.
You're welcome.
The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey is directed by Christopher Nolan. He also directed The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey.
He also directed Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth. Have you seen those?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
The Crucible is written by Christopher Bigsby. He also wrote The Dark Knight Rises. Have you read it?
It was released in 1960 and is a speculative fiction book
The Fall of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House of the House was was released in 1960
You're very welcome!
Do you like Game of Thrones because it's a fantasy book?
That is a good one. It was written by Robert Mark Kamen and is a Fantasy.
Yes, it was written by Diana Gabaldon and is a Fantasy novel.
You're welcome.
Yes, A Study in Scarlet is written by William Shakespeare. It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I don't know any other books by him, but I do know he is a writer. Is that a genre you enjoy?
The Hound of the Baskervilles was written in 1895.
You're welcome.
Yes, he is a great actor. Do you like him as an actor?
Yes it is a great family friendly movie. Do you like family friendly movies?
I have not, but I know it was directed by David Ayer.
I'm not sure but it is a comedy.
I think he's a good football player, but I don't know much about him.
I'm not sure, but I know he is married to Gisele Bundchen.
Tom Brady is married to Gisele Bundchen. She is married to Gisele Bundchen.
It is a great book written by Tammara Webber and released in 2012. She also wrote Where the Wild Things Are.
I'm not sure what else she wrote, but if you like science fiction, you might also like Zoe's Tale and Xenocide. Both are great books.
You got it! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, S. Epatha Merkerson starred in S. Epatha Merkerson. She also starred in A Thousand Splendid Suns. Have you seen that one?
The Six Wives of Henry Lefay also stared in The Six Wives of Henry Lefay
Snatch is a Thriller starring Kevin Spacey. Do you like Thrillers?
It's a great movie starring Robert Downey Jr and Michael Caine. Do you like those actors?
Robert De Niro also starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which is a horror film
Sure, Paula McLain wrote Circling the Sun. Have you heard of it?
Sure, if you like Guardians of the Galaxy, you might also like The Time Traveler's Wife and The Time Traveler's Wife.
Yes, she was in Silver Linings Playbook and Fast & Furious. She also starred in The Matrix Reloaded.
I don't know, but I do know that Olivia Wilde starred in The Matrix Revisited.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about him, but I know he's a soccer player from Chile right?
Yes, he was a forward on that team
I am not a big fan of music but I know he is a musician
I am not a big fan of her music but I know she is a good singer
Harper Lee wrote To Kill a Mockingbird.
Harper Lee also wrote Go Set a Watchman and Go Set a Watchman.
You're welcome.
He wrote нна аренина and нна аренина.
It was released in 1877, the same year as The Tales of Beedle the Bard.
It was written by Robert Tolstoy. Are you a fan of his work?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
The Lovely Bones is a romance novel written by M. Night Shyamalan. Do you like romance novels?
The Rainbow was written by Alice Sebold. It is a horror novel.
The Almost Moon is a drama. It was released in 2011.
Sure, Holly Hunter starred in Thirteen which is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
It is a Thriller starring Holly Hunter and is a Thriller.
Sarah Clarke also starred in The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I'm not a big fan of her song, but I do like her recent album, Where'd You Go, which is one of my favorites.
I'm not much of a fan of her music but I do like her on American Idol. Do you like her music?
I don't know much about Philadelphia Eagles, but I do know they won Super Bowl XLIII and Super Bowl XII
Yes. Jeff Lurie owns the Philadelphia Eagles. Do you like him?
I don't know much about Philadelphia Eagles. What do you think?
Jeffrey Lurie owns the Philadelphia Eagles. Do you like him?
The Blind Side stars Robert Duvall and is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure, Tim McGraw starred in The Kingdom of the Crystal Skulls, have you seen it?
I do not have information about that movie, but Kim Dickens is in it.
Yes, it is a great movie starring Kate Beckinsale and Kate Beckinsale. Have you seen it?
Yes, he also wrote Bridesmaids. Have you seen that one? It's a romantic comedy.
Yes, Let's Go to Prison is a comedy and stars Kristen Stewart
Brendon Urie : Film Executive Produced: City of Bones: City of Ashes, City of Glass, and City of Glass. Have you heard of these?
Yes, it is. Do you like that type of music?
I don't have any information on any other pianists, but I do know he was born in London.
I don't know a whole lot about him, but I do know he is from the United States.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Catching Fire was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote The Sum of All Fears. Have you read it?
If you like Action Fantasy, you might also like The Hunger Games. It's a great book.
It's a good one. It was written by Suzanne Collins.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, he wrote The Nanny Diaries. Have you heard of it?
I agree, they are a great group. They are coached by Ken Whisenhunt. Do you like them?
I am not a big fan of pop music but I do like their music. What about you?
Yes, I like R&B music. What about you?
No, I haven't. What is your favorite song of hers?
He directed The Simpsons movie. Have you seen it?
Yes, he also wrote The Simpson Movie.
Russi starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine
Roger Rabbit is a country of nationality
You're welcome
I'm not sure who produced the descendants
The Big Lebowski starred in The Big Lebowski. He also starred in The Matrix Reloaded.
They're in a lot of comedy genres, including The Big Lebowski, The Big Lebowski and The Big Lebowski.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, The Expendables is written by Stephen King and stars Morgan Freeman. Do you like Stephen King?
Yes, he was in The House of Sand and The Invisibles. Have you seen any of those?
I'm not sure, but it is a comedy/drama.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Magic Johnson. Do you like them?
I'm more of a baseball fan. What's your favorite sport?
Yes, they're in the National League East and I'm not sure about them.
The Atlanta Falcons are a professional football team based in Atlanta, Georgia. Do you like football?
I don't know too much about them, but I do know they are coached by Mike Shanahan.
I agree, Mahones is #13 on the WTA tour right now. Have you been there?
I'm not sure if he's making a comeback, but I do know he's from the United States.
Yes, she wrote If You Take a Mouse to the Movies and If You Take a Mouse to the Movies. Have you read them?
If You Take a Mouse to the Movies is a Children's Fiction. Do you like Fiction?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Mindy Kaling wrote The Making of Star Wars: Episode VI - The Empire Strikes Back
Why Not Me is written by Mindy Kaling and it is a comedy-drama. Do you like comedies?
It was written in English and released in 2015.
I'm not sure, but I know it was written by Rick Riordan and was released in 2009.
He also wrote The Rise of the Planet of the Apes and The Lord of the Rings. Have you read them?
The Lightning Thief is a fantasy novel written by Rick Riodan. It was released in 2014.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I think she's a good singer, but I don't know much about her. What do you think about her?
She's been around a long time. She's been around a long time. She's been around a long time. She's been around a long time. She's been around a long time.
I don't know too much about Kathy Bates, but I do know she starred in Valentine's Day. She also starred in The Lorax. Have you seen it?
Yes, she is, along with Kathy Bates. I think you'd enjoy her in Valentine's Day.
Yes, it was written by Malcolm Gladwell and released in 2000.
Yes, Malcolm Gladwell is an author and he is a children's literature writer.
I am not sure but he is a children's author.
Yes, Lord of the Flies is written by William Shakespeare. It's a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
He also wrote Lord of the Flies. Have you heard of it?
It was released in 1954 and is in the Children's literature genre. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he directed and starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that?
Yes, it is. It also stars Johnny Depp.
I'm not sure about that one, but if you like Helena Bonham Carter, you might also like The Rum Diary.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like Jeanne DuPrau because it's a Thriller?
Jeanne DuPrau wrote The Prophet of Yonwood, The Prophet of Yonwood, and The Prophet of Yonwood. Have you read any of these?
The Prophet of Yonwood is a fantasy novel
You're welcome.
The Husband's Secret was written by Liane Moriarty and released in 2013. Do you like her work?
I'm not sure, but Liane Moriarty also wrote What Alice Forgot and Three Wishes.
Liane Moriarty also wrote What Alice Forgot and Three Wishes.
You're welcome.
A Short History of Nearly Everything is written by Bill Bryson and was released in 2003.
Bill Bryson wrote The Road to Little Dribbling, it is a non-fiction book.
Emilia Fox starred in Shooting the Past and Shooting the Past.
I'm not sure but it is a historical film
I am not sure, but it is a drama
Jurassic World is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, it is! Jurassic World is the first in the series, but the first is the first.
I'm not sure, but I do know that he's in a lot of action films. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was written by Vladimir Nabokov and he also wrote Lolita.
He also wrote Lolita, have you read that one?
Sure, I can purchase it for you. Anything else I can help you with?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Sure, he wrote The Silence of the Lambs. Have you read that one?
Dark Knight was written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote Batman Begins.
There is a sequel called The Dark Knight Rises.
You're welcome. Have a good day.
Richard Marquand directed The Time Traveler's Wife. It's a great movie. Have you seen it?
Yes he is. Ian McDiarmid starred in that movie as well as the other Star Wars movies.
The Phantom Menace is a horror film starring Kate Beckinsale and Kate Beckinsale
I am not a big football fan but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver. Do you like them?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you have a favorite team?
I like the New York Jets and the Giants. I'm a Packers fan.
The Other Boleyn Girl is written by Margaret Stohl and is a young-adult fiction book. Do you like young adult fiction?
Sure, he also wrote The Other Boleyn Girl and The Other Boleyn Girl.
Yes, Wideacre is a historical novel and The Virgin's Lover is a historical novel.
Sure, Catherine belsey wrote a Midsummer Night's Dream.
Yes, she did write that one as well as A Midsummer Night's Dream.
If you like fantasy, you'll like The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate. Both are great comedies!
You're welcome, enjoy!
It's a great movie. It was written and directed by David Ayer. Do you like his movies?
It was written by James Dashner, who also wrote The World War II Story. Have you seen it?
it is a thriller
Do you like it because it is a Sci-Fi movie or because it is an action movie?
Yes, he did and Tony Gilroy also wrote The Bourne Legacy.
Tony Gilroy also wrote The Bourne Identity. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he is a Hip Hop artist. He's also a song writer. Have you heard of him?
I don't know too much about him, but I do know he is a rapper.
Yes, I do. I like his music a lot. Do you know who he is?
I agree! He's a great singer. He's also a musician and a musician. Do you like him?
Yes, he's a great songwriter as well as a musician. Do you know him?
Yes, Michael Jackson was the winner of that award. Do you like his music?
Drew Goddard wrote The Cabin in the Woods, The Cabin in the Woods, and The Cabin in the Woods.
Yes, it was written by John Green and is Young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
You might like The Fault in Our Stars or The Fault in Our Stars. They are both young-adult fiction.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers was written by J.R.R Tolkien and stars Orlando Bloom. Do you like fantasy movies?
Yes, it is, and it is a horror movie.
It's a horror movie starring Orlando Bloom and Kate Beckinsale. Do you like horror movies?
It's a great family movie. It's a Walt Disney movie.
Yes, Pillars of the Earth is written by J.R.R Tolkien and is a Fantasy book. Do you like Fantasy books?
It is considered a thriller and drama.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, he starred in The Lord of the Rings and The Lord of the Rings. Have you seen those?
Sure, The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers and The Fellowship of the Ring are similar.
Yes, Orlando Bloom starred in The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring and Orlando Bloom starred in The Lord of the Rings.
Yes, Naked was written by Raine Miller and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he also wrote Eyes Wide Open, which is a horror novel. Have you read it?
It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Dark Knight was written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote Batman Begins.
Yes, Safe Haven is a romance novel written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like romance novels?
I agree, The Crucible is a good read. I think you'll enjoy it.
Oh yea, he was in Zookeeper. That was a great movie.
Yes, he is a playwright. I think you would like it.
Yes, he is a great playwright.
You too!
I don't know much about him, but I know he plays cricket for the India national cricket team.
No, I'm not a big fan but I heard it was a very popular sport in the world.
I'm more of a baseball fan, but I'm more of a baseball fan.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Virginia Halas McCaskey. Do you like them?
I will have to check that out, thanks for the info!
I'm a Bears fan, but I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. What about you?
Yes, I do. It's a thriller starring Nicolas Cage. Are you a fan of his?
I'm not sure what else Joan Allen starred in, but Face/Off is a Crime Thriller.
If you like action films, you might also like World War Z, X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
I'm sorry, I don't have any similar authors. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Into the Wild is a biographical film written by Jon Krakauer. He also wrote Into the Wild and Into the Wild.
Yes, it was adapted into a movie starring Robert Downey Jr.
You're welcome!
Yes, Insomnia is a thriller starring Matt Damon and was released in 2012. Do you like thrillers?
It's a great movie. Robert Downey Jr. is also in Insomnia.
I have not seen Two for the Money. Who is your favorite actor?
I will have to check it out. Thanks for the information.
Yes, it was written by Elizabeth Gilbert and is in the Fiction genre.
yes it was released in 2006 and a movie in English.
I like mysteries. One of my favorites is : X-Men Origins:Wolverine. Have you heard of it?
I agree! He's a great rapper. He's also a rapper. He's also a rapper. Do you like him?
I'm not a big fan of Slim Shady. I'm a big fan of his music. What about you?
J. Cole is a great actor. He starred in The Muppets. Have you seen that one?
I don't know too much about KOD, but I can tell you he is a good actor.
Donnie Brasco is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Thrillers?
Shark Night is a thriller starring Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee. Have you seen it?
Vanilla Sky is a Thriller and was directed by Chris Rock. You might also like Shark Night.
Shark Night is a horror starring Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee. Do you like horror movies?
I know he's a soccer player, but I don't know much about him. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about soccer, I don't know much about soccer. I don't know much about soccer. I'm more of a baseball fan.
I haven't been to a long time but I've heard they have a good game. Who is your favorite player?
E.V. Rieu wrote The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded.
I am not sure about E.V. Rieu but I can tell you it was released in English.
You're welcome.
Yes, Unknown is a horror film starring Tom Hardy. Are you a fan of horror films?
Rickie Fowler is an American professional golfer from Murrieta. Do you like golf?
Rickie Fowler is an American professional golfer born in Murrieta
Yes, he was the PGA Masters Tournament in 2005 and he won the 2005 PGA Championship
Yes, Armageddon was written by Christopher Nolan and stars Scarlett Johansson. Have you seen it?
Sure, he also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine. Have you seen that one?
It's a comedy-drama and also a comedy-drama. It was released in 2012.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Catcher in the Rye is written by J.D. Salinger. He also wrote J.D. Salinger.
Mere Christianity is a Romance novel written by C.S. Lewis. Do you like the author or the genre?
Have you read The Lord of the Rings? It's one of my favorites.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
He starred in The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded.
If you like fantasy, you might also like The Fault in Our Stars. It's a fantasy film.
I'll do that right away.
you're welcome.
Do you like the movie because it's a thriller?
Sure, he also starred in The Fugitive and The Fugitive. Have you seen these?
Man's Best Friend is a comedy-drama. Do you like comedies?
You're welcome.
Yes, she wrote Memoria de mis putas tristes.
No, but La Fiesta Del Chivo was released in Spanish.
Edith Grossman wrote Memoria de mis putas tristes.
Edith Grossman won the Bravo Award for Video of the Year Award.
Edith Grossman was influenced by Fernando Hierro.
You're welcome.
The Rock is a horror movie starring Tom Hardy. Do you like horror films?
You might like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee and Katharine McPhee.
If you like Thriller, you will like Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
You're welcome.
Becca Fitzpatrick wrote Hush, Hush, Hush, and Shrek. Have you read any of her books?
It was released in 2012 and is a thriller.
It is a Musical composition. Do you like Musical compositions?
Annie Barrows wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society. Have you read it?
These books are Historical Fiction. Do you like Historical Fiction?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like it because it is a thriller?
The Tales of Beedle the Bar is another one written by J.K Rowling
I don't know any other books by him
Yes, Anita Diamant is an author. She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Thunder. Have you read them?
Sure, it was released in 2005 and is in English. It was written in English and released in English.
You might enjoy the Harry Potter series by Anita Diamant. It is a Children's Literature novel.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it was written by J.K. Rowling. Are you a fan of J.K. Rowling?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Mike Shanahan. Do you like them?
No I haven't heard of that one. Who is their coach?
No, I haven't. What is your favorite quarterback?
He's a quarterback for the Seahawks and is a quarterback.
Sure, I can name a few. I am not a huge football fan but I do know he is an athlete who plays as a quarterback.
I don't know much about cricket, but I do know he is a prominent cricket player.
Sure! The Casual Vacancy is similar to Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince.
The Casual Vacancy is considered a fantasy book as well as a fantasy book.
You might also like The Chronicles of Narnia or The Prisoner of Azkaban. They're both in this genre.
Yes, it was written by CS Lewis and released in 2008.
You're welcome.
Michael Bowen starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and The Last Samurai. Have you seen those?
Walking Tall was written by Michael Bowen. He also starred in the movie A Walk to Remember.
You're welcome.
The Hobbit is written by J.D. Salinger. He also wrote The Time Traveler's Wife.
There's The Hobbit written by J.R.R. Tolkien and also The Lord of the Rings.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, he directed The Princess and the Frog. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he is. Ed Harris starred in A Beautiful Mind, which is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller?
No I haven't, but I do know that it was directed by Mark Mark Howard.
Yes, it is written by Paula McLain and released in 2011.
She also wrote Circling the Sun. Have you heard of that one?
Circling the Sun was released in 2011.
The Bourne Supremacy is starring Matt Damon and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Matt Damon also starred in The Bourne Identity. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure who else is in it, but I can recommend some other good action movies if you'd like.
The Martian is a Thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like thrillers?
Under the Skin is starring Scarlett Johansson and Josh Hutcherson.
You're welcome.
I think he's a good tennis player but I don't know much about him. Is he a tennis player?
I do. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
i don't know much about tennis. what about you?
i have not. do you know who he is?
Patricia Cornwell wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard and The Little Friend. Have you read any of these?
Post Mortem is a horror and book of the Dead is a psychological thriller. Do you like horror?
I'm not sure, but Scarpetta is a popular Crime Fiction novel by her.
It was written by R.J Palacio and released in 2012.
It's a fantasy novel. Do you like those kinds of books?
No, I haven't read that one. What genre are you looking for?
Rory Kinnear is an actor in Wild Bill, have you seen it?
He's been in lots of comedies like Zoolander, Zoolander, and Zoolander. Have you seen any of those?
I'll send it right over. Enjoy!
There is a book similar to Män som hatar kvinnor, which was written by Stieg Larsson.
Yes, Stieg Larsson also wrote See Me som hatar kvinnor.
It's a children's literature that was released in 2007.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, he's a Hip Hop artist, songwriter and song writer. Do you like Hip Hop?
Do you know if he is a singer or songwriter?
Yes, it was released in 2018 and a great year for music.
Yes, Mahendra Singh Dhoni is a cricket player. Do you like cricket?
I'm not sure, but Mahendra Singh also starred in Hook Ya Crook, which is a drama.
I don't know too much about it, but I do know it is more of a thriller and science fiction movie.
Yes, I do! He's a singer, songwriter, and song writer. Have you heard of him?
Yes, she is. She was born in Rio de Janiero.
I like a lot of people like Taylor Swift and Selena Gomez. Do you like their music?
Gangs of New York is directed by Steven Spielberg. Do you like his work?
Yes, he also directed The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which is a comedy. Have you seen it?
It was released in 2001 and is a drama/mystery.
You might also enjoy The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which is a crime themed movie.
It's a great movie. I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome.
Gloria Stuart starred in The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded.
She was also in the movie The Princess Diaries. It's a horror film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he is a basketball player who plays point guard for the New Orleans Pelicans.
Sure. It is a basketball movie based in Houston, Texas. It is a basketball movie. Do you like basketball?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a basketball player.
Cristiano Ronaldo plays for the Real Madrid C.F. and the Portugal national football team.
I don't know much about soccer, but I do know he is a player on the Portugal national football team.
I do like soccer, but I don't know much about it. I am more of a baseball fan.
Rhonda Byrne wrote The Secret, The Power, and The Power
She was also in The Power, which is a crime fiction film. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Yes, he also wrote The Power of Thinking Without Thinking which was released in 1891.
I have not heard of him, but I know he is a singer/songwriter.
I like a lot of different types. I'm more of a rock person. I'm more of a rock person.
I like EDM too. I'm a huge fan of his music. What about you?
Yes, I do. The Chicago Cubs are a pretty good team. Do you like them?
Yes, I do. The Chicago Cubs are a great team. Do you have a favorite team?
I don't know much about him but I do know he's a good player
I do. I like Coyote Ugly as well as on Blue Bloods.
I'm not sure if they are coming with any new songs, but I do know they are based on the music genre.
Yes, Adam Levine is a singer, songwriter and songwriter
yea hes great
I don't know of any similar directors, but I do know that he directed Whispers.
Sean Astin is a director and director. He was born in Los Angeles and starred in the movie The Girl Next Door.
He also wrote The Goonies, which is a horror film.
Close Encounters of the Third Kind is a psychological thriller.
You're welcome.
Karim Benzema is a soccer player from France and plays for the France national football team.
I am not a big soccer fan but I prefer American Football. what about you?
that is a good game. soccer is a good game. do you watch any other sports?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. who is your favorite team?
i do not have a chance. who is your favorite team?
Yes, it is a great book written by Sylvia Plath and is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Lois Lowry wrote Gathering Blue, Gathering Blue, Gathering Blue, and Gathering Blue. Have you read any of these?
Yes, that is a great example of speculative fiction.
Yes, Natascha McElhone starred in The Truman Show and The Secret of Moonacre.
Yes, he's. He's a great actor. He starred in The Truman Show and The Secret of Moonacre. Have you seen them?
You're welcome.
Yes, I do. He starred in Nowhere Boy and Tuck Everlasting. Have you seen those?
It was written by C.S. Lewis and is in the Fiction genre. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Yes, it is. It is an autobiography that was released in 2011.
Yes, that was also an autobiography as well as a biography. Do you enjoy that genre?
He wrote The World According to Garp and The Cider House Rules.
The World According to Garp is a speculative fiction.
I am not sure if this is a movie, but I do know it was adapted into a movie.
The great gatsby is a speculative fiction written by James Dashner. Do you like that genre?
I do not have any information on any other movies by him, but I can tell you more about the movie V for Vendetta.
Sure, he directed Seven Psychopaths and Seven Pounds. Have you seen those?
Yes, GoldenEye is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
It's a Thriller. I'm not sure, but I can tell you it's a great Thriller.
You Only Live Twice is a fantasy movie based on a book called a fantasy. It's also a Thriller.
Zodiac is starring Robert Downey Jr. and Robert Downey Jr..
You're welcome.
Do you like Scarface because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Do you like Fantasy movies?
The main character in the movie is Steven D. Levitt.
I am not sure but I can tell you that Aidan Turner starred in The Hobbit: Desolation of the Five Armies.
It is considered a Thriller.
She directed Zero Dark Thirty and Zero Dark Thirty. Have you seen either of those?
Zero Dark Thirty was released in 2012. Do you like dramas?
I do not have that information, but I can tell you Mark Duplass starred in The Matrix Reloaded. It is a drama.
An Excellent conceited Tragedie of Romeo and Juliet was written by William Shakespeare. He also wrote The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian. Have you read it?
The Tempest is a fantasy novel written by William Shakespeare. It was released in 1595.
Yes, he also starred in The Tempest. Have you seen it?
Sure, I will do that
Ok, I'll do that
I don't know much about BTS, but I do know they are a Korean boy band from Seoul.
Synthpop is a Pop Pop film. Do you like Pop music?
i also like pop music. do you like any other pop artists?
yea that is a Techno Genre
yea she is a great singer
yea she is a good singer
Yes, it was written by Richelle Mead and stars Morgan Freeman. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. He is a great author. He also wrote a book called Brave. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. Steve Purcell also wrote and starred in a movie called Toy Story 3.
Django Unchained is written by Quentin Tarantino. Are you interested in her work?
I don't know much about his movies but I do know Django Unchained is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Death Proof is a Psychological thriller. Do you like those kinds of movies?
You're very welcome!
I don't know much about them, I do know they are owned by Leslie Alexander. Are they a basketball team?
I don't really follow basketball. I am more of a basketball fan. What about you?
I'm more of a basketball fan. What's your favorite sport?
Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet was written by Jamie Ford. Do you like Historical Fiction?
I'm not sure, but I do know that it was released in 2005.
Yes, he did write that one.
Sia Furler wrote You Lost Me, You Lost Me, and You Lost Me. Have you heard of those songs?
Yes, I like that song too. Did you know she is from France?
Yes, he is. He was born in Santa Monica, California.
Chris Paul is a basketball player who plays point guard and point guard. He is also a point guard.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he's from the United States.
I don't know if he has a spouse. Are you a spouse?
Yes, O Alquimista was written by Alan R. Clarke and was released in 1988.
You're welcome. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, he did write that one as well as The Alchemist.
You're welcome.
Oliver Twist is a speculative fiction book written by William Shakespeare. Do you like that genre?
Phillip Horne also wrote Oliver Twist, have you read it?
Charles Dickens wrote The Old Curiosity Shop, The Old Curiosity Shop, and many more
Frank Capra directed The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Adventures.
Frank Capra directed It's a Wonderful Life and also a Wonderful Life. Have you seen this one?
You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote The Dark Knight Rises and The Dark Knight Rises. Have you read either of those?
The Tragedie of Antony and Cleopatra was released in 1595.
You're welcome.
Clockwork Angel was written by Cassandra Clare and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
That was a great movie. Do you like Sci Fi movies?
Then you might also like Shark Night, starring Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee.
Zodiac stars Robert Downey Jr and Jake Gyllenhaal.
You're welcome.
Sam Smith is a great singer. My favorite song is Whatcha say. Have you heard it?
Sure! Oldboy is a Thriller written by Ernest Hemingway. Are you a fan of Thriller movies like that one?
I'm not sure, but Park Chan-wook is a drama.
Park Chan-wook also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Siobhan Fallon Hogan starred in Theobhan Fallon Hogan as an actor. He acted in Theobhan Fallon Hogan as an actor.
I don't know of any other movies starring Jeff Garlin, but I do know he is a singer and a musician.
Yes, Freaky Deaky also starred in I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With. It is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Jeannette Walls wrote The Silence of the Lambs. Have you read that one yet?
The Glass Castle is a Historical period drama.
I don't know any other memoirs, but I do know that The Glass Castle is a historical novel.
Yes, he is a basketball player from Chicago. He plays point guard for the Chicago Bulls.
I have not, but I know it was written by Stephen King.
I don't know of that one, but I know it was filmed in London.
I'm not a huge fan of basketball but I do like to watch it. What is your favorite sport?
Kill Bill: Vol.1 is directed by Kill Bill: Vol. 1 and directed by Stephen King. Are you a fan of Stephen King movies?
Grindhouse is a crime thriller. Do you like crime thrillers?
Yes, he is a good rapper. He starred in The Wash and The Wash. Have you seen them?
I'm not sure, but I know he is married to Eminem. She starred in The Wash and The Wash.
Yes, he also starred in The Wash as an autobiography.
Yes, I do. It is speculative fiction written by Lauren Oliver and it was released in 2012.
Ravichandran Ashwin is an Indian international cricketer. Do you like cricket?
Yes, he is, and he is a very good player from Chennai.
No I didn't know Jumbo was a film, but I know he is an actor and an actor.
Yes, it was produced by Warner Bros. Entertainment is a shame when the film was based on the film.
Yes, I like Serena. She's a tennis player from Wimbledon. Do you like her?
I don't know much about tennis but I do know Serena is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I am not a huge sports fan but I do know that it is a sport.
Yes, I did enjoy it. I'm also a huge fan of Serena.
I do! I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I'm not a huge fan of tennis but I do enjoy watching the Superbowl.
12 Angry Men is written by Roland Emmerich and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
He directed The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded, and The Matrix Reloaded.
Law Abiding Citizen also starred Tess Gerritt and Sharlto Copley. Are you a fan of theirs?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you she also starred in The Lord of the Rings.
Gangs of New York is starring Tim Pigott-Smith and Robert Downey Jr..
Yes, he starred in V for Vendetta as well as in Time Bandits.
Yes, it was released in 2011. It is a thriller/drama.
Did you know he's from Dallas? He's a golfer from Dallas?
You're right, he's from Dallas too. He's a great actor. He's been in a lot of movies. Do you like him?
Oh, I didn't know that! That was a great year for movies. Have you seen any of his movies?
Yes, he is a good rapper. He starred in The Wash and The Wash. Have you seen either of those?
Pauly Shore Is Dead is a rap/drama released in 2012. I think you will like it.
I'm not sure, but Eminem also starred in The Wash, which is a comedy.
The author is J.K. Rowling. He is also a teacher.
He also wrote The Year of the Flood. Have you read that one?
You're welcome.
Have a great day!
Laini Taylor wrote The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner and The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner.
I don't know too much about this book, but I do know it was written by Laini Taylor
Yes, she did write this book as well. Do you like her work?
Brendon Urie is a singer, songwriter and musician. He was born in London. He is also a musician.
I do, I like to watch Shakira dance. What about you?
No, I didn't know that. What genre are you looking for?
Sure, he directed Zookeeper and You Are Not So Smart. Have you seen those?
Yes, he was in Here Comes the Boom. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was also in Zookeeper. Did you know Kevin James starred in it?
Done. Enjoy the movie.
Sure! She wrote Pretty Little Liars, which is a Children's Literature novel. She also wrote Winnie-the-Pooh and Now We Are Six.
Pretty Little Liars is a teen drama written by Shepard. It is also a teen drama. It was released in 2012.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Meet the Parents was released in 2012 and is a romance film. Do you like romance films?
Meet the Parents was also released in 2000. It was a comedy. Do you like comedy?
Wonder Boys was written and directed by David Ayer. It was also a comedy.
You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote Xenocide and Xenocide. Have you read those?
Have you seen X-Men Origins or World War Z? They are both in that genre.
Yes, he has starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine and Return of the Jedi. Have you seen any of these?
Sure, she starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and Return of the Jedi. Have you seen any of them?
Restoration is a horror film and stars Anna Harr. Do you want to hear about other horror films she starred in?
You're welcome!
The New York Jets is a professional American football team based in Chicago, Illinois
Yes, Victoria Azarenka is a tennis player from Belarus. She lost to Maria Sharapova.
I don't know much about Serena. I know she's a tennis player.
Yes, she did. She also starred in The Wedding Belles. Have you seen it?
Yes, he wrote Seven Pounds. Have you read that one?
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Princess Diaries.
I'm not sure about the release date of True Lies, but I can tell you it was directed by Christopher Bigsby.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Mahendra Singh Dhoni is an actor and athlete. He starred in Hook Ya Crook. Have you seen it?
I know Mahendra Singh Dhoni plays cricket, but I don't know much about him
I don't know much about him but I do know he plays for the Indian national cricket team.
I don't know much about them, but I know they are owned by Leslie Alexander. Are they a basketball team?
I don't know much about the Phoenix Suns, but I do know they are coached by Gary Kubiak.
I don't know too much about him, but I do know that he is a basketball player.
Pearl S Buck wrote The Good Earth, The Good Earth, and The Good Earth. Have you read any of these?
It's a Romance film. Do you like historical period drama?
The Time Traveler's Wife is a Time Traveler's Wife is a Thriller.
Yes, it was released in 2012.
I like the movie , which genre do you like?
It was written by Robert C. O'Brien, but i like science fiction movies
Robert C Obrian , he also starred in The Last Samurai
Yes, he directed The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that one?
He also directed The Last Samurai which is a drama. Have you seen it?
Great, I will add it to your watch list.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I do! Seven Samurai is a War film starring Samurai. Do you like War films?
Yes, Mark Cotta Vaz wrote the book Twilight: The Complete Illustrated Movie Companion.
Yes, he wrote Twilight, New Mon as well, have you read it?
Yes, both of them are in English.
Yes, it was written by Terry Goodkind and is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
Terry Goodkind also wrote Wizard's First rule and Wizard's First rule.
It was released in 1994 and is in the Fantasy genre as well.
You're welcome!
Do you like Kung Fu Panda because it's a family movie?
Yes, he did, and he also starred in Scream 4 which is a comedy.
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
I know that he's a player on the Belgium national football team. Are you a soccer fan?
I don't know too much about him, but I know he's from Belgium. Is he a midfielder?
I don't know too much about him, but I do know he's a midfielder.
Yes, I do. She wrote Anne Rice and The Princess Diaries. Have you read them?
The Queen of the Damned is a suspense/mystery novel.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, I like Madonna as a singer and actress. She starred in a lot of movies. She's a great actress. She's also a singer and a voice.
Yes, she was in that one, along with Madonna. She is a great actress. She also starred in The Girl Next Door. Have you seen it?
She's a great actress. She also starred in The Girl Next Door and The Girl Next Door. Have you seen either of those?
300: Rise of an Empire was written by George R.R. Martin, who also wrote The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was in that. He also starred in The Chronicles of Riddick. Have you seen it?
Yes, it's a Thriller, similar to 300: Rise of an Empire.
I'll add that to my watch list.
I do! She starred in Princess Protection Program and Camp Rock. Have you seen them?
Yes, I am a big fan of hers. I also like her song La La Land. Have you heard of it?
I'm not sure about that. But I do know they're a family movie.
I've seen High School Musical with Zac Efron, but I'm not sure about Vanessa Hudgens.
I'm not a big fan of thrillers, but I do like Sucker Punch. It's a great family movie.
Do you like Midnight in Paris because it's a thriller?
She also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine. Have you seen it?
It's a great movie, also starring Natalie Portman. Have you seen her in Princess Protection Program?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he wrote Unlawful Entry and The Vatican Tapes
I'm not sure who starred in that movie, but I do know that it was directed by David Ayer.
It's considered a thriller and drama. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
To Kill a Mockingbird is written by Harper Lee and is genre fiction. Do you like fiction?
Yes, Harper Lee also wrote Go Set a Watchman which was released in 1960.
Sure, he starred in The Martian Chronicles and The Martian Chronicles. Have you heard of them?
I'm not sure who else starred in that movie, but I can tell you it is a sci-fi film.
You're welcome.
Yes, he's a good actor. He was born in Santa Marta and he is also a musician.
I don't know what else he was in, but Delroy also starred in The Princess Diaries.
Subway Stories is a comedy-drama, and also a comedy-drama.
Yes, you're right! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, Tatiana de Rosnay wrote Boomerang and S'Appelait Sarah.
It was released in 2005 and is in English.
It was released in 2015 and is in English.
You're welcome. Have a good day.
The Memory Keeper's daughter was written by Kim Edwards and released in 2005. Do you like the author or the genre?
It was released in 2005 and directed by Wes Anderson.
The Whiting Writers's Daughter is a novel written by John Green and released in 2006.
William T Vallmann wrote The Things We Do for Love and The Things We Do for Love.
I'm not sure when it was released, but I do know that it is a thriller.
You're welcome.
Cristiano Ronaldo plays for the Real Madrid C.F. a Portugal national football team
Yes, it was. That was a great place to visit.
I don't know too much about him, but I do know he is a professional football player.
You're welcome.
Yes, he is a quarterback for the Seahawks. Do you like football?
I'm not sure about Tyrod, but I know he plays for the Houston Rockets.
I'm not sure, but I do know that they're in the United States.
Yes, Art Spiegelman wrote The New York Trilogy and The Complete Maus.
The New York Trilogy was written by Paul Auster and released in 1987.
Yes, Cloverfield is a Thriller. It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he also directed and produced The Pallbearer. Have you seen that one?
Yes, that is a great movie. Did you know that Mike Vogel also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past?
I will add to my list of movies to watch. Thanks!
Robert Downey Jr. starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and the Sorcerer's Stone.
Zodiac is a crime drama
Zodiac is starring Robert Downey Jr. and Robert Downey Jr..
Zodiac also stars Robert Downey Jr. and Morgan Freeman
Yes, he starred in The Last Samurai and The Last Samurai
Sure, Rupert Graves starred in Wrath of the Titans and The Tenant of Wildfell Hall. Have you seen those?
A Waste of Shame is a drama and a biography. It was released in 2002
You are welcome.
Blake Griffin is a basketball player from the United States of America. He plays point guard and point guard.
I don't know too much about that one, but I do know he is a basketball player.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you Space Jam is a comedy.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt. Do you know them?
I have been a fan since they were the runner ups in Super Bowl XLVIII and Super Bowl XLI.
Yes, he is. I am not a big fan of the Tennessee Titans.
Do you like it because it is an action movie or because it is an action movie?
Yes, it is in English.
I'm not sure, but I can recommend another movie starring Simon Beaufoy.
You're welcome!
Sure, Peter Jackson directed The Longest Yard and The Longest Yard. Have you seen either of those?
It's a great Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Naomi Watts also starred in The Handmaid's Tale. Have you seen it?
Yes, The Painted Veil is a drama and a psychological thriller starring Naomi Watts.
I'm not sure but he was in The Painted Veil is a Marvel movie.
Yes, I do. She is a great singer and song writer. Do you like her songs?
Yes, she also sings What My Mother Doesn't Know which is a pop song.
Yes, they are catchy dance songs
Jan de Bont starred in Lethal Weapon 3. Have you seen that one?
Twister is a psychological thriller and action film. Do you like those kinds of films?
The trailer is starring Keanu Reeves. It was written and produced by Stephen King.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Bourne Ultimatum stars Matt Damon and is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, it is a Thriller.
The Bourne Ultimatum also stars Matt Damon and Matt Damon.
You're welcome.
Judd Apatow directed and starred in Knocked Up. Have you seen that movie?
Judd Apatow directed and produced This is 40.
The Island is a drama and a crime drama. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome. Enjoy the movies!
I have not seen it, but I know it is a Thriller/Drama. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine.
Electric Mist also starred Kevin Corrigan and Anthony Hopkins. Do you know them?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Bill Bidwill.
Yes, and he also owns the New England Patriots.
Yes, Wes Walker is a wide receiver from Minneapolis.
I think he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
He currently plays for the Seattle Seahawks and the Seattle Seahawks.
I'm not sure if they did go to Super Bowl. I'm not sure about that.
Inception was written by Christopher Nolan and stars Tom Berenger. Do you like Tom Hardy?
Christopher Nolan also starred in Inception. Do you like his acting?
Scarlett Johansson also starred in The Prestige.
We Bought a Zoo was written by John Green
It is a comedy
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by M Denise Debartolo York and John York.
Not really a sports fan but I like the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like sports?
Yes, it was written by Charlaine Harris and is a Non-fiction. Do you like Non-fiction?
He also wrote Who Moved My Cheese, which was released in 2001.
I don't know any other books by him, but I can tell you more about him.
You're welcome.
I do! It's a great comedy starring Michelle Pfeiffer. Are you a fan of hers?
Yes, Patricia Clarkson also starred in The Mist and The Green Mile. Are you a fan of thrillers?
Yes, she was in it as well as The Mist. Have you seen it?
Yes, Jean Arthur also starred in The Mist which is a crime thriller. Have you seen it?
John Lennon wrote The Yellow Submarine and The Yellow Submarine. Are you a Beatles fan?
Yes, that is a great book and movie. Did you know that John Lennon starred in Come Together?
Did you know Paul MCCartney also starred in We Bought a Zoo?
That was a great movie, did you know that John Lennon starred in The Yellow Submarine with John Lennon?
She was a writer and a politician. She was married to Franklin D. Roosevelt. Have you read the book?
I am not sure about that, but I can tell you she was the author of Roosevelt's War.
Is there anything else I can help you with
I love her! She's great in Princess Protection Program and Camp Rock. Have you seen them?
Yes, she was. She also starred in Princess Protection Program and Camp Rock Rock.
Yes, she was in that movie too. Did you know she also starred in Princess Protection Program?
Sure! Austin Pendleton starred in What's Your Number?, and The Princess Diaries. Have you seen those?
She's been in a lot of movies. She's been in a lot of movies. She's been in a lot of movies. Would you like to hear about some of her movies?
I'm not sure about the new movies she was in, but I can recommend some other movies she was in.
Do you like Catching Fire because it's a Thriller?
The Hunger Games is a Thriller/Fantasy/Fantasy/Fantasy/Fantasy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about him other than he plays cricket. Is he an athlete?
I don't know much about sports, but I do know he plays cricket.
I don't know much about them, but I do know Rohit Sharma is a cricket player.
Yes, I love her music. Did you know she is also a singer?
She's been in a lot of films. She's been in a lot of movies. She's been in a lot of films. She's been in a lot of movies. She's been in a lot of films. She's been in a lot of movies. She's been in a lot of movies. She's been in a lot of movies. Do you like hers?
I'm not sure who else starred in This is The End, but I can tell you it is a horror film.
Yes, M.L Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans and The Light Between Oceans.
It is considered a thriller and drama. Do you like those kinds of books?
I don't know any other books by him, but M.L Stedman also wrote The Subterraneans
Frank Capra wrote It's a Wonderful Life. Have you read it?
I don't know, but Frank Capra wrote it. It's a Wonderful Life. It's a Wonderful Life. It's a Wonderful Life was released in 1954.
You might also like the Christmas movie, Valentine's Day. It's a Wonderful Life. It's a great Christmas movie.
You're welcome!
Sure, Ato Essandoh starred in The Republic of Love and The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you seen those?
Saving Face is a comedy
Saving Face was released in 2005 and is a drama and drama
Lewis Hamilton starred in Cars 2. He also starred in Cars 2. Have you seen it?
I like Owen Wilson as an actor but Cars 2 is more of a Thriller/Crime . Have you seen it?
Hopeless was written by Colleen Hoover and was released in 2012.
Colleen Hoover wrote The Ugly Truth and The Ugly Truth.
It was released in 2014. Colleen Hoover also wrote The Girl that was released in 2014.
You're welcome. Have a good day.
Sure, Hayden Christensen starred in Weird Science and the Lords of Salem. Have you seen any of those?
It is a horror film starring David Walliams. It was released in 2014.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it was written by Stieg Larsson and was released in 2006.
Stieg Larsson also wrote The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo and The Girl Next Door. Have you read them?
I'm not sure but it was released in 2005.
Yes, Kenneth Branagh directed Seven Pounds and Kenneth Branagh.
Warm Springs is a drama film. Tim Blake Nelson also starred in the movie A Bug's Life
Wonderland is a Crime Fiction Film starring Robert Downey Jr. and Kenneth Branagh
You're welcome
E.L. James wrote Grey
Fifty Shades of Grey was released in 2014.
Fifty Shades of Grey is a romance novel written by E.L. James. Other books in that genre include Fifty Shades of Grey and Fifty Shades of Grey.
Do you like The Imitation Game because it is a thriller?
Yes, you are correct. Mark L Young also starred in The Mists of Avalon which is a war film.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you The Guardian is a great movie. It is a drama.
I'll do that right away.
Yes, I know he's a basketball player. He's a point guard for the Miami Dolphins. Do you like him?
Yes, I do. I am a huge fan of the Miami Heat.
I'm sorry, I don't know anything about Miami Heat.
Cadillac Records has a genre of Comedy.
Yes, it is written by Dave Pelzer and was released in 1995.
That's a good one. Did you know he also wrote A Man Named Adventure?
I don't know too much about Homestuck, but I know it was written in English.
Moon is a Thriller and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like Thrillers?
I don't know but it was written and produced by Steven Spielberg.
Sure! I'll add that one to your list.
Sure! Beatrix Potter wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard, The Tales of Beedle the Bard, and The Tales of Beedle the Bard. Have you read any of those?
Beatrix Potter wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard, and Tales of Beedle the Bard. Have you read any of these?
The Tale of Peter Rabbit was released in 2005 and is in the Fantasy genre. Would you like me to send it to you?
Yes, it was written by Wally Lamb and released in 1992.
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Cat in the Hat. Have you read that one?
You're welcome!
Sure, Richard Curtis wrote The Virgin Suicides and The Memory of Earth. Have you read either of those?
Yes, he was in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Then you'd like to hear about another crime fiction movie he's starred in called Without a Trace. Have you seen that one?
I don't know when it was released, but if you like crime fiction you might also enjoy The Last Samurai and The Last Samurai.
Added to queue.
You're welcome.
Yes, Man on Fire is written by Paul Kalanithi and stars Paul Kalanithi. Do you like Paul Kalanithi?
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Order.
It is a Thriller and a Thriller. Do you like Horror movies?
You're welcome.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
Brad Pitt also starred in the movie Troy, which is a comedy.
If you like action movies, you might also like The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. It is a Action movie starring Brad Pitt.
Yes, he starred in Mad Max. He also starred in Troy. Have you seen it?
Do you like the movie because it is a Mystery or Thriller?
The New York Giants are a professional football team based in Chicago, Illinois.
The Perks of Being is written by Stephen Chbosky.
He also wrote The Perks of Being and The Poisonwood Bible.
The Four Corners of Nowhere is a psychological thriller.
Yes, he wrote Les Miserables.
Yes, it was written in French in the same language.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it was released in French.
Yes, Lauren Oliver is an author, she wrote The Good Doctor and The Bad Doctor. Have you read them?
Adapted from the genre of Young-adult fiction is Where Rainbows End.
I have not read that one. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Liar is a comedy starring Jim Carrey. Do you like comedies?
The Nutty Professor is a highly acclaimed actor, starring in The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner, William H. Macy and William H. Macy.
Great. Hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome.
Gareth Bale is a football player from Wales. He plays for the Wales National football team.
He plays football, but I don't know much about him
I do. I am more of a football fan.
I don't know too much about hockey but I know Sidney Crosby is from Cardiff.
I do. I am more of a baseball fan.
I'm a hockey fan. What about you?
The Two Towers was written by Nicholas Sparks. He also wrote The Two Towers and The Two Towers.
The Return of the King is a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy books?
You might also like the Harry Potter series, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, or the Harry Potter series.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, he wrote Oliver Twist. Have you read that one?
Charles Dickens wrote The Old Curiosity Shop and The Old Curiosity Shop.
It is considered a speculative fiction.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Boston Celtics is a professional basketball team based in Boston, Massachusetts. Do you like basketball?
I am not a big fan of basketball but I do know they are coached by Doc Rivers.
Julis Randle is also a basketball player. Do you know who the team is?
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest was written by Jonathan Kellerman. Do you like his work?
Yes, thins is also a film based on the book.
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest was directed by Lawrence Hauben.
The Green Mile was written by Stephen King. Are you a fan of Stephen King?
He also wrote The Stand and The Shining. Have you read either of those?
I'm not sure, but Cujo is a great scary movie. It was written by Stephen King. It is a horror film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know too much about him, but I do know he wrote Tuesdays with Morrie. Have you seen it?
He wrote Tuesdays with Morrie. Have you read that one?
Yes, it is a memoir.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on what else I can recommend.
Yes, it is. It's a speculative fiction book.
I don't know much about Washington's Crossing, but I can tell you he's a writer if you'd like.
I'm sorry, I don't have access to that information right now.
I don't know much about soccer, but I do know they are coached by David Platt. Do you like soccer?
I am not a big soccer fan so I don't know much about them. I do know they are coached by David Beckham.
I'm not sure, I don't know much about Manchester but I do know they are coached by David Beckham.
The Carrie is written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Nicholas Spark books?
If you like Lisey's Story, you might also like The Longest Yard or The Long Kiss Goodnight.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He wrote Zodiac and The System of the World. Have you read them?
Zodiac is a Zodiac Thriller. It is a horror novel.
Added book to your reading list
Yes, it was written by Adam Bale and stars Christian Bale. Are you a fan of his?
No, I haven't. Is that a thriller?
It's a good movie. You should check it out. She also starred in The Hunger Games.
Yes, Elysium is starring Matt Damon and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I don't have any information about that movie, but Elysium is a Thriller.
Sure. Open Grave is a Thriller and was directed by Christopher Bigsby. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure, I'll add it now.
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button was written by Mark Twain. He also starred in The Seabiscuit. Have you seen it?
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button was released in 2011 and is a thriller.
I am not sure, but I can tell you he also starred in Unleashed.
12 Years a Slave was written by Steve Oedekerko and is a Comedy-drama. Do you like Comedy-drama movies?
Benedict Cumberbatch starred in The Lord of the Rings and The Lord of the Rings. Have you seen those?
Gone with the Wind is a great one. You might also like The Subterraneans. It is a Romance film.
Do you like the dark world because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
yes she was in No Strings attached. have you seen it?
Nowhere Boy is a Thriller. what else can i answer for you?
Yes it is. Terry Gilliam also directed Deadpool. Have you seen that one?
you are welcome.
I don't know much about Philadelphia Eagles, but I do know they're in the National Football League. Do you like them?
I don't really know much about football but I do like the Eagles. Who's your favorite player?
I don't know much about sports, but I do know that the Eagles won Super Bowl XLVIII and Super Bowl XLVIII.
Yes, he is an American basketball player who plays point guard for the New Orleans Pelicans. Are you a fan?
Yes, I like the Pelicans because they are a basketball team. Do you like basketball?
do you have a favorite team?
Yes, it is a great movie starring Kevin Spacey. Are you a fan of his work?
Yes,It is a Thriller.
No,I don't have that information
You're welcome
Yes, Mahendra Singh Dhoni is an Indian international cricketer from India. Are you a cricket fan?
He starred in Hook Ya Crook. what else can i answer for you?
He starred in Unlawful Entry and The Vatican Tapes
It is a horror film starring Djimon Hounsou and Djimon Hounsou. It was released in 2011.
You're welcome.
Yes, The Hunger Games is a Young-adult fiction written by Suzanne Collins. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
The Hunger Games stars Jennifer Lawrence and Josh Hutcherson.
Yes, it is a great movie. It was written by Francis Ford Coppola and starred Scarlett Johansson. Have you seen it?
If you like black comedies, you might also like The Godfather Part II. It is a great movie.
Yes, he has a comedic range as well as a drama and a comedy.
Joe Johnson directed The Station Agent, The Station Agent, and The Station Agent. Have you seen any of those?
Captain America is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Captain America stars Robert Downey Jr., Jake Gyllenhaal, and Jake Gyllenhaal. Do you like those actors?
Yes, Christina Lamb wrote I Am Malala: The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban. Have you read it?
Yes, it is. It was written in English and released in 2007.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
I know he's a composer and song writer. I don't know too much about him. What do you think?
I haven't heard much of her music, but I do know she's married to Taylor Swift. Do you like her music?
I don't know too much about her, but I do know she starred in a movie called Valentine's Day. Have you seen it?
I don't know too much about her but I do know she starred in a movie called Love Story.
Do you know who the team is owned by Jerry Reinsdorf?
I've always been a long time for a long time. I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan, but I'm not much of a baseball fan.
I know he's a point guard for the Portland Trailblazers. He's a point guard for the Portland Trailblazers.
Yes, he is a boxer. Are you a fan?
Yes, he is. He is a Senator of the Philippines.
Yes, he is. He is a politician.
Michael Jeter starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Sure, he also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
You might also like The Pillars of the Earth, which is a crime fiction movie.
Sure, he directed The Pallbearer and The Pallbearer. Have you seen those?
Pallbearer is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I'm not sure who else stars in it, but I can tell you it was written by Matt Reeves.
Zack Orth also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine.
You're welcome.
Dani Alves is a soccer player from Brazil and plays for the Brazil national football team.
No, I haven't, but I know it was written by Guillermo del Toro
Yes, I have seen it. It's a great movie. It's also in the Fantasy genre.
The Los Angeles Rams are a professional basketball team based in Oakland, California. Are you a fan?
I do, especially because Mike D'Antoni is a basketball player. Do you like him?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like the Dallas Cowboys?
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski and stars Keanu Reeves. Do you like her movies?
The Matrix was produced by Lana Wachowski and stars Keanu Reeves.
The Matrix was produced and produced by Alex Garland. He also produced The Matrix Reloaded.
Yes, it was written by Stephen King and is a horror movie. Do you like horror genre?
Sure. The Shining is a horror film. Do you like horror genre?
Yes, he also wrote The Mist.
You're welcome.
Yes, Andres Iniesta plays for the Spain national football team.
I don't know much about soccer but I do know that Vincente del Bosque is a soccer player.
No, but I found out Spain is a great place to visit.
I don't know much about that, but I do know it was filmed in Spain.
Yes, it was written by Robert Mark Kamen and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom?
Will Smith was in the movie The Legend of Bagger Vance and The Pursuit of Happiness.
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie.
Are you a fan of Aliens because it is a sci-fi movie?
Yes,Kevin Spacey starred in Predator
Sure, it was directed by Steven Spielberg and directed by Rian Johnson.
You're welcome.
Platoon is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Longest Day & Kingdom of Heaven was written by Robert Mark Kamen, who also wrote To Kill a Mockingbird
Yes, it is a great movie starring Tom Everett and Anthony Hopkins.
It is considered a thriller and action film.
It was released in 2004. It is a war film.
You're welcome.
It was written by Jerry Spinelli who also wrote Milkweed and Honey.
If you like Young-adult fiction, you'll like Wildwood Dancing and Wicked Lovely.
Casablanca is a war movie starring Humphrey Bogart. Do you like war movies?
I know they are a professional football team coached by Gary Kubiak. Are you a fan?
Yes, he is. Are you a fan of the National Football League?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Gary Kubiak.
Do you like it because it's a Sci-Fi movie?
That was a great movie. Did you know Tom Hanks starred in Larry Crowne?
I didn't see that one. I'm more of a Sci Fi fan myself.
Beautiful Disaster was written by Jamie McGuire and released in 2011. Do you like Jamie McGuire's work?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that it was released in 2012.
Do you like Black Swan because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
I do not have any information on Heathers but I can tell you she also starred in a romance film called Women in Love.
Yes, Shannen Doherty also starred in The Matrix Reloaded which is a comedy
Great, I will add that to your watch list.
The Other Boleyn Girl is a children's literature written by Margaret Stohl and is in the Fiction genre. Do you like children's literature?
The Queen's Fool is a fantasy novel.
The Queen's Fool is a fantasy novel. It is also a film.
The Other Boleyn Girl was released in 2014. It is a historical novel.
Adam McKay directed The Other Guys and The Other Guys. Have you seen them?
Yes, you are correct. Rosie Perez starred in The Other Guys. It's a Comedy-drama.
She also starred in The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded.
You might also enjoy the X-Men Origins:Wolverine, or the X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
I'm not sure, but I do know that Will Ferrell starred in The Other Guys.
Natalie Babbit wrote Natalie Babbit. It's a children's book. Do you like children's literature?
I don't know any other novels by her but I do know she was born in Killeen.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by M Denise Debartolo York and John York.
Yes, it is. They are in the National League East and are in the National League East.
That's a good year for them. Who's your favorite Bears player?
Jean M Auel wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
There are several books in this genre, including The Valley of Horses: A Tale of Horses: A Tale of Horses, and A Tale of Horses.
Yes, you are correct. The Valley of Horses is a fantasy novel. Another example of this is The Clan of the Cave Bear.
Laura Esquivel wrote Como agua para chocolate and The Time Traveler's Wife.
Sure, it was released in 1989 and is in English. It was written in English.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, she is a soccer player from the Manchester United F.C. team.
Yes I like Ryan Gosling. Did you know Ryan Gosling starred in The Matrix Reloaded?
Yeah, I'm not sure about Safe House, but I do know it was written by James Dashner.
A Wrinkle in Time is written by Madeleine L'Engle and is a science fiction book. Do you like science fiction?
A Wind in the Door is a followup book written by Madeleine L'Engle
I love Linkin Park, I'm not a big fan of their music but I do like their music. My favorite song is Whatcha say. How about you?
Mike Shinoda is a great actor. Did you know that he's also a musician?
I don't know much about Tony Allen, but I do know he is a multitalented person.
No, I didn't know he was influenced by him
Sure, she wrote Graceling, Fire, Bitterblue, and Bitterblue. Have you read any of these?
Graceling is a Romance and Drama
Graceling is a Romance and Fantasy novel. Another good one you might enjoy is A Room of Seven Pounds.
Graceling is written by J.K. Rowling. She also wrote Graceling.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Michael Biehn starred in Zero Dark Thirty. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, it was written by Simon Pegg. Are you a fan of his work?
I don't know what else he wrote, but I do know that it was released in 2007.
I'm not sure if he directed anything but he also wrote The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which is a comedy.
How to Train Your Dragon 2 is a Thriller/Drama that was released in 2012.
How to Train Your Dragon 2 is a Thriller/Crime starring Robert Downey Jr.. and Kate Beckinsale.
you're welcome.
Sure, he directed The Tempest, The Tempest, and The Tempest. Have you seen any of those?
I'm not sure who starred in Hot Fuzz, but Edgar Wright directed and starred in The World's End.
He is a great actor. He also starred in The World's End. Have you seen it?
Great choice! You might also enjoy The World's End. It's a comedy as well.
I'm not sure, but I do know that it was released in 2012.
You're very welcome!
Drive is a Thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like Thrillers?
I do not have information about who starred in Thief
He also starred in The Girl Next Door, which is a thriller
Michael Curtiz directed The Egyptian and The Charge of the Light Brigade. Have you seen those?
I do not have information about that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
It was released in 2000 and is a Romance/Drama.
Do you like the movie because it is a drama or because it is a thriller?
Whatt Earp is a crime drama starring Robert Downey Jr. and is a Thriller. Do you like those types of movies?
Wicker Park is written by David Ayer. He also wrote The Darkest Hour. Have you seen it?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I think he's a good soccer player, but I don't know much about him. What about you?
I don't know too much about him, I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Brazil national football team.
Yes, he was born in Lyon and plays for the France national football team.
Tony Tanner is a great author. He wrote Sense and Sensibility and Mansfield Park.
Yes, Jane Austen wrote Mansfield Park. She also wrote Pride and Prejudice.
I'm more of a thriller fan but Jane Austen is more of a historical period drama.
Great! I hope you enjoy them.
Ravichandran Ashwin is a cricket player from India. He plays cricket. Do you like cricket?
I don't really follow cricket, but I know it is a very popular sport in the world.
That's a great sport to watch. I'm more of a baseball fan.
He directed Seven Psychopaths and Insurgent. Have you seen those?
It's considered a thriller and was released in 2012.
Yes, he also wrote The Others, which is a drama.
I'm sorry, I don't have a similar movie to it.
I know it was written by Tom Quirk and it is a speculative fiction book.
Yes, he also wrote Lord of War. Have you read that one?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it was released in 1960.
Yes, Neymar is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a striker for French club Paris Saint-Germain
I don't know much about him, but I know Yuraj Singh is an athlete.
Yes he plays cricket and was born in Sao Paulo.
Yes, Mansfield Park is written by Tony Gilroy and is a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Mansfield Park is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, it was a film based on a book and a film.
You're welcome.
Sure, I can tell you that Jon Turteltaub directed and starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine.
Sure, he also directed The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
It was released in 2014. I think you'll enjoy it.
Frank Darabont directed The Mist which is a drama he directed. Have you seen it?
Yes, and he also wrote The Mist. Have you seen it?
He also wrote The Mist. You might like that one as well.
Yes, La sombra del viento is a song written by Lauren Oliver and a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, it was written in Spanish and was released in Spanish.
I'm not sure but I do know it was released in Spanish and it was in English.
You're welcome!
Me too! She's a great actress. She's written The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. Have you read that one?
It was released in 2014. I don't know who it was. But I do know it was a romance novel.
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Wolverine is written by James Dashner and stars Morgan Freeman. Do you like his movies?
Yes, he also starred in The Wolverine which is a thriller.
He was a writer on The Wolverine which is a Thriller and was released in 2012.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Lewis Hamilton starred in Cars 2. He also starred in Cars 2.
Yes, he was in Cars 2. Did you know Owen Wilson starred in Cars 2?
Yes, I like Wedding Crashers. Did you know Tony Shalhoub starred in Scream 4?
Yes, Michael Caine also starred in The Wedding Crashers. Have you seen it?
Sure! From Dusk Til Dawn stars Salma Hayek, Quentin Tarantino, and Quentin Tarantino.
Yes, he is. He also starred in The Princess and the Frog.
Yes, it is a crime drama.
Your welcome
The One is written by Nicholas Sparks and is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
If you are looking for Thriller then you might also like Shark Night. It is also a thriller.
I'm not sure who wrote that book, but I can tell you it was released in 2011.
Sure, he directed Lucky You and Lucky You. Have you seen those?
You might like Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee. It's a thriller.
Shark Night is a thriller starring Katharine McPhee.
Get Out is directed by Robert Duvall, who also starred in Unleashed.
You're welcome.
I do! It's a great book written by Greg Mortenson.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is another good one
It was written in English and released in 2001
You are welcome
A Storm of Swords is written by George R.R. Martin. He also wrote A Song of Ice and Fire. Have you read it?
Yes, he also wrote "A Storm of Swords" and "A Song of Ice."
The Hedge Knight is a fantasy novel. It was released in 2008.
You're welcome.
The Chronicles of Narnia: The Witch and the Wardrobe was written by J.K. Rowling. He also wrote The Son of Narnia: The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.
Have you read The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, The Witch and the Wardrobe? It's a great family genre.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and X-Men: First Class.
Jeff Garlin also starred in I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With. He was also in Jumanji and Kidnapped.
I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With was written by Jeff Garlin. Jeff Garlin also starred in I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With.
Shatter Me was written by Patrick Rothfuss and is in the Fantasy genre. Do you like Fantasy genre?
I'm not sure about that series but I can tell you it was released in 2011 in English
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
Gillian Flynn also wrote Dark Places, which is a mystery novel. Do you like mysteries?
Gone Girl was released in 1980 and is a speculative fiction.
Christopher McQuarrie directed The way of the Gun and The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen them?
I do not know who starred in this movie
Nicky Katt starred in The Way of the Gun and The Way of the Gun.
She wrote The Scorpio Races and The Raven King. Have you read either of those?
The Scorpio Races is a speculative fiction novel released in 2014. It's considered a Fantasy.
I don't know any other novels by her but I do know Young Adult is a Fantasy novel.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Leonard Peikoff wrote We the Living and We the Living. Have you read either of those?
It's a Historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, it is a great movie starring Brad Pitt and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he also wrote The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
Yes, he wrote it
Yes, I do. I am a huge fan of Serena Williams. Do you know her?
I didn't know she was a designer but I do know that she was married to Hayden Panettiere.
I'm not sure but I do know she's a mom.
Anthony Burgess wrote The Improbable Adventures of Sherlock Holmes and The Second Civil War. Have you read either of those?
It was released in 2001
You are welcome
Twilight is written by Stephenie Meyer. Do you like books written by Stephenie Meyer?
Yes, she wrote The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner and the Breaking Dawn.
I think he is a basketball player. He plays point guard for the Denver Nuggets.
I am a basketball fan. My favorite sport is basketball is basketball. What about you?
I am not a big soccer fan but I do like college football. What about you?
I think he's a good soccer player, but I don't know much about him. Do you like soccer?
I like soccer. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Sure, he wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read that one?
You might also like The Chronicles of Narnia or The Subterraneans. Both are great fiction books.
It's a non-fiction book written by John Boyne. It's part of a series.
Yes, he is a great singer and songwriter. Have you heard of him?
Yes, he won the MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year and the Star Trek Awards.
I don't know of any duets, but I do know he is a singer.
I know he's a tennis player, but I don't know much about him. Is he a tennis player?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you he is more of a writer.
I'm not sure, but it was released in 1956. It was written by Steve Kloves.
Of course, enjoy!
Yes, Rory Mcllroy is a golfer who won the 2012 PGA Championship.
Rory Mcllroy is an American professional golfer who won the 2012 PGA Championship.
Yes, he has a child, Gerry Mcllroy is a tennis player.
Yes, it is a basketball team. Do you like basketball?
Yes, they are a basketball team.
Some of the big players include Steve Kerr and Sam Elliot
I think he is a cricket player from Delhi. Do you like cricket?
I don't know too much about cricket but I do know that Shikhar is from India.
I don't know much about cricket, but I do know he is from India. He was born in Nagpur.
Yes,It was written by Gillian Flynn and released in 2006.
Yes, he did. Gillian Flynn also wrote "What Do You Do" and "The Girl Who Stood Up."
I'm not sure if he wrote anything, but I can tell you he was a writer of Sharp Objects.
Yes, I do. She's a celebrity friend to Tyga and Julia Roberts. She wrote Rebecca.
Yes, 1938 was the same year as The Road to El Dorado. Have you read it?
Gloria Foster starred in The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded, and The Matrix Reloaded.
Matrix Reloaded was a great movie. She also starred in The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a quarterback for the Seahawks. Do you like football?
I'm not sure but I do know he plays for the Dallas Cowboys.
I don't know much about the Seahawks, but I do know they're in the National Football League.
Yes, I Am Number Four is written by Robert Mark Kamen and is in the genre of Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I don't know much about the movie but I do know I Am Number Four was released in 2014
Brad Pittacus Lore starred in this movie as well
127 hours is a Thriller. Other films in that genre include The Return of the King, The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen those?
I don't know much about him, but I know he's a basketball player from Oakland. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about her, but I do know she is from the United States of America.
No, I haven't. What is the name of the team?
He wrote The Dark Knight and The Dark Knight Rises. Have you read either of those?
It is a Romance/Drama film that also starred Robert Downey Jr.
The Three Musketeers is the successor to The Three Musketeers.
Sure, Christopher Paolini wrote Inheritance and Other Adventures. Have you read those?
Eragon was released in 2010 and in the Fantasy genre
I don't know of any new misterry books released in 2002
Added book to your list.
Yes, he wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
It is a fantasy novel.
You're welcome
Yes, Wally Lamb is a great author. He wrote The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban. Have you read it?
It's a Christmas story. Do you like Christmas stories?
I am not sure who stars in it, but Wishin was also a movie. It is a comedy
The Chicago Bulls are a basketball team owned by Jerry Reinsdorf. Do you like basketball?
I like basketball. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. What about you?
The Dodgers are a pretty bad team, I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who's your favorite team?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Do you have a favorite team?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Gary Kubiak.
I don't know much about them as a football team. Who's your favorite player?
I don't know much about Tony Romo, but I do know they won Super Bowl XVII as well.
There is a book similar to Män som hatar kvinnor, which was written by Stieg Larsson
Stieg Larsson wrote See Me som hatar kvinnor, have you read it?
I'm not sure but there's a similar book to Män som lekte.
I'm sorry, I don't have access to that information right now.
Sure, Stieg Larsson also wrote Where the Wild Things Are, which was written by Veronica Roth.
You're welcome.
I know he starred in The Expendables 2 and The Expendables 2
I do not know who else starred in The Expendables 2 but Novak Djokovic is a great actor.
Yes, he starred in W. and Urban Cowboy. Have you seen either of those?
The Brooklyn Nets is a professional basketball team based in Chicago, Illinois. Do you like basketball?
Yes, she's married to Beyonce. Do you like her music?
Yes, Cadillac Records have a record with a lot of records.
Charles Frazier starred in Thirteen Moons and Three Cups of Tea. Have you heard of those?
He was the author of Thirteen Moons and a war film called Cold Mountain
Yes, he did write that book and it was released in English.
It was written in English and released in 2006.
You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote The Three Musketeers and The Three Musketeers.
Absolutely! Two of my favorites are World Without End, World Without End, and World Without End. Have you read any of these?
Marina is a young-adult fiction novel written in Spanish and Spanish language
It was written in English and released in 1999.
You are welcome
Philip Seymour Hoffman starred in What's Eating Gilbert Grape and Taxi Driver. Have you seen those?
Yes, Jack Goes Boating is a romantic comedy.
I don't know much about them, I know they are owned by Wayne Weaver. Are you a fan of them?
yes they did. who is your fav player?
yes they are. who is your fav player right?
yep hes a great player. do you like basketball?
You're welcome.
he is a great basketball player. do you like him?
Yes, Catcher in the Rye is written by J.D. Salinger. Do you like J.D. Salinger?
Yes, he wrote Catcher in the Rye, which was released in 1951.
The Crucible was written by Christopher Bigsby and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks movies?
Have you seen The Passage? It is also a tragedy.
Sure, he starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen those?
I don't have that information, but he was in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and X-Men: First Class
I don't have any information on that one, but I can tell you it is a comedy-drama.
Do you like Due Date because it's a Thriller?
The Hangover Part II is a comedy starring Todd Phillip Comedies.
I'm not sure, but Todd Phillip Comedies starred in it as well as directed and starred in it.
You're welcome!
Sure, Jean-Pierre Jeunet wrote A Very Long Engagement which is a Historical period drama. Have you seen it?
He directed The Constant Gardener, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he also directed City of God and Blindness. Have you seen either of those?
I am not sure, but I can tell you it was directed by Robert Duvall and produced by Robert Duvall.
You're welcome!
It was written by Douglas Adams. Do you like his work?
Douglas Adams also wrote What the dog Saw and Other Adventures, which are Speculative fiction.
Yes, he did write The Monsters of Templeton and it was released in 2005
You're welcome
Sure, Go Ask Alice is a book written by Beatrice Sparks.
Yes, it was. It was released in 1971.
I don't know any other books by her but I do know that she wrote "Anchorman".
Yes, he's a great actor. He starred in The Transporter and The Transporter. Have you seen them?
It is a Thriller/Drama that also starred Matt Damon and was released in 2012.
Thriller is Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee
Barry Corbin has worked on several movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past
Harry Crumb also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine
your welcome
I think he is a great quarterback but I don't know much about him. Are you a NFL fan?
He's on the New Orleans Pelicans. Do you know him?
Yes, I like it. It's a great movie. You should watch it. It's a great movie.
Luigi Pistilli starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, The Great Silence is a comedy and Machine Gun McCain is a comedy.
No, I don't have any romantic comedies. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome. Have a good day.
Sure, Up was written by Pete Docter and stars Sam Elliott. Do you like his movies?
Yes, Up was written by Peter Hyams and stars Morgan Freeman. Do you like his movies?
Yes, he was also in the Toy Story series. Have you seen it?
Yes, Victoria Azarenka is a tennis player from Belarus. She lost to Maria Sharapova.
I am not sure about that singles, but I can tell you more about her life.
Yes, he is a Russian professional tennis player from Moscow. He is a very popular player in the world.
Yes, she's a great singer. I like her song Your Love is My Drug. Have you heard of it?
I like her older music, but I don't know a whole lot about her. What about you?
I don't know too much about her but I do know she starred in The Muppets which is a comedy
Sure, he wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Have you read The Name of the Wind? It's a Memoir book written by James Frey.
It was released in 2014.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, she wrote Wicked and Wicked. Have you read either of those?
I don't have that information, but I do know it was released in 2008.
I'll add that to your Must Read list.
Thor stars Scarlett Johansson and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Avengers is a superhero movie
I'm not sure but I can tell you Thor is starring Scarlett Johannson
It stars Scarlett Johansson and Michael Chernus
You're welcome
I think he is a good basketball player, but I don't know much about him. Is he your favorite player?
Braveheart is a horror movie starring Matt Damon and is a Thriller. Do you like horror movies?
Yes, he did and he also wrote We Were Soldiers. Have you seen it?
Yes, he also directed and starred in The Man in the Iron Mask. Have you seen it?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Roger Allers directed The Lion King, The Witch, and The Wardrobe. Have you seen any of these?
Sure, some of the actors in that movie are Sylvester Stallone and Janet Evanovich.
I'm not sure if they were directed by him. However, I can tell you more about his movies.
I'll add it to your watch list.
Sure, he wrote The Namesake and The Namesake. Have you read them?
Sure, Unaccustomed Earth is a Science Fiction book released in 2011. The genre is Science Fiction. Do you like Science Fiction?
Sure, Unaccustomed Earth is a fantasy novel by American author Ernest Hemingway. It was released in 1960 and is in the Fiction genre.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it was written in English.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like the Hunger Games: Catching Fire because it is a Young-adult fiction?
It's a suspense/fantasy starring Josh Hutcherson and Josh Hutcherson.
Yes, Salma Hayek also starred in The Hunger Games.
Sure, I'll do that right away.
Is he a cricket player? I don't really know much about him. Is he a cricket player?
I'm not sure but I can tell you he is a singer-songwriter.
Yes, he's from South Africa. I think I'll have to check that out. Thanks for the info!
Paul Haggis directed The Next Three Days and The Next Three Days. Have you seen them?
It's a Thriller. Do you like Thriller?
I do not have that information, but I can tell you it is a Thriller.
You're welcome.
Yes, Brad Pitt starred in Moneyball and Troy. Do you like Brad Pitt?
Sure, J.D. Salinger wrote Seven Stories and Nine Stories. Have you read them?
These books are fiction. Do you like fiction?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Gary Kubiak. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a football player.
Yes, he's a great clergyman. He was also a member of the Dallas Cowboys.
We are big Packer fans here. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The Italian Job stars Seth Rogen and Mark Wahlberg. Are you a fan of theirs?
I'm not sure, but Seth Green also starred in Wrath of the Titans which is a action film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Audrey Niffenegger wrote The Time Traveler's Wife and The Time Traveler's Wife.
The Time Traveler's Wife is a Thriller. The genre is Science Fiction.
Then you might like The Time Traveler's Wife. It's a mystery.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
The clash is starring Matt Damon and was released in 2012.
i dont have that information. what else can i answer for you?
yea that was a big question. have you ever seen a video game live?
yea they are good. i love their music. do you like any other artists?
Yes, he wrote The Magician's Land and The Magicians.
The Magician's Land is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
The Magician's Land is one of my favorites. He also wrote The Magician's Land and The Magician's Land.
I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan, but I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. Do you like them?
The Broncos are 4th in their division right now.
I think they're playing the Bengals. Who's your favorite player?
The Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet is written by Jamie Ford.
The Hotel on Willow Frost was released in 2005.
You're welcome.
The Thorn Birds is a Thriller starring Scarlett Johansson and Kate Beckinsale.
Colleen McCullough wrote The Thorn Birds and The First Man in Rome.
Do you like Watchmen because it's a Thriller?
The Looking Glass Wars is a great fantasy novel by Frank Beddor.
Sure, The Golden Compass is written by Philip Pullman and is a Fantasy book. Do you like Fantasy?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy!
The Looking Glass Wars is a great book written by Chris Weitz and is also a Fantasy book. You might also like the Harry Potter series.
Do you like it because it's a Romance movie?
The Princess Bride is a romantic comedy starring Kate Beckinsale and Kate Beckinsale.
The Sea of Trolls was written by Rick Riordan, who also wrote The Princess Bride.
Yes, it is a great movie starring Matt Damon and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
No, I haven't. I've seen that one. It's a really good one. It's a Thriller.
It's a great movie. It's a Thriller. It's also a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure, do you like the movie because it is a superhero movie or a superhero movie?
The Dark Knight Rises is written by Christopher Nolan
Yes, they are a Korean boy band from Seoul, South Korea. They are a contemporary R&B music.
I like a lot of different types of music like The Bangtan Boys, Do you know any of them?
I don't know if she is a musician but i like her music
Sure, he directed The Cabin in the Woods and The Cabin in the Woods. Have you seen them?
I don't know of any movies Drew Goddard directed, but I do know he is a writer and director.
Do you like O Alquimista because it is written by Alan R. Clarke or because it is written in English?
Brida was released in 1599 and is in English.
I don't know any other books by him, but I can tell you more about Brida.
You're welcome.
Salem's Lot is written by Stephen King who also wrote Salem's Lot. Do you like Stephen King books?
Yes, it was. It was written by Stephenie Meyer and starred Scarlett Johansson.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you she also starred in The Matrix Reloaded.
You're welcome.
Sure, Guillermo del Toro directed and starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he also directed and produced Blade II. It's a war film. Have you seen it?
I don't know much about Unbroken, but I do know it is a war film starring Kevin Spacey.
You're welcome!
Yes, Laura Ingalls Wilder wrote that book and it was released in 1935.
It's a tv series. She also wrote Little House on the Prairie and The Little House on the Prairie.
Yes, that is a great family movie. It is also a tv series. Have you seen it?
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in The Doors and The Doors. Have you seen them?
Yes, Born on the Fourth of July is a Thriller and is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I am not sure, but I do know Savages was released in 2005.
Laini Taylor wrote The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner and The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner. Have you read them?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you Dreams of Gods & Monsters was released in 2011.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you Dreams of Gods & Monsters was released in 2011.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I do! She starred in The Muppets and The Muppets. Have you seen them?
I don't have any information about her recent songs, but I can tell you she has some of her most recent songs is Lady Gaga's music
Yeah, she did write that one as well. Do you know that one?
She's been around for a long time. She's been around for a long time. She's been around a long time. She's been around a long time.
That was a great album. Did you know she starred in a few movies?
Sure! The magician's nephew is written by William Shakespeare. He also wrote The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian.
i dont know much about them but i know it was released in 1988
Sure, do you like books written by Alexandre Dumas or the genre?
Sure, you might enjoy The Three Musketeers or The Three Musketeers.
It was written by Robert Mark Kamen and released in 2006.
Yes, they did. They also starred in A Christmas Carol.
You're welcome.
Michael Berryman starred in Weird Science, The Lords of Salem, and The Lords of Salem.
Weird Science also starred Seth Rogen and Natasha Richardson.
Yes, he was in Two Girls and a Guy a Guy a Guy a Guy a Guy a Romance
You're welcome.
Yes Please was written by actress Amy Poehler and released in 2014, which is the same year as Yes Please. Have you heard of her?
Yes, it was written by William Gibson and released in 2014.
I'm not sure who directed it, but it was directed by Robert Mark Kamen and released in 2014.
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote The Road to Little Dribbling and Toy Story 3. Have you read those?
Toy Story 2 is also written by Lee Unkrich and it is a great family movie.
I don't know of any other movies he directed, but I do know he also wrote Toy Story 2 and the Toy Story 3. Have you seen those?
It's a Thriller. It's also considered a comedy and a comedy.
Yes, Pete Docter starred in Up and also in The Hangover which is a comedy.
I'm not sure, but I do know that he starred in The Hangover which is a comedy.
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote Seven Pounds. Have you read that one?
Yes, that was also written by Michael France, who also wrote Eyes of Zorro.
The Mask of Zorro is a thriller and The Edge is directed by Michael France
Yes, Harold Perrineau starred in The Mask of Zorro which is also a Thriller
Apocalypto is a horror movie. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Sure, he also wrote The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you read that one yet?
The Passion of the Christ is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Quentin Tarantino has starred in Zombieland, Reservoir Dogs and Reservoir Dogs. Have you seen those?
Grindhouse also starred Seth Rogen and Rosario Dawson.
Yes, Rose McGowan also starred in Death Proof
The Mist is a Thriller starring Morgan Freeman. Do you like Thrillers?
The Stand is a good one by Stephen King as well.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about him, but I do know he's a singer and a singer.
I don't know too much about The Simpsons, but I do know that Ed Sheeran also starred in the movie A Bug's Life.
I am not sure about that. I do know he is from the United States.
I do! I love Superhero movies. Have you seen them?
I like superman Superman so I'm more of a superheroes fan. I'm more of a superheroes fan.
I didn't see it, but I'll add it to my watch list. Thanks for the info!
Apocalypse is a great one! It's a great Thriller. I'd also like to see it.
Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline and was released in 2013.
She also wrote Where Rainbows End, The Time Traveler's Wife and A Piece of the World.
I don't have any information on anything else she has written, but I can tell you more about Orphan Train. Would you like more information about her?
No, but the White Princess was written by Christina Baker Kline and was released in 2013. You might also enjoy The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
You're welcome.
It was written by Guillermo del Toro
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
It's a mystery and a psychological thriller. Do you like those kinds of movies?
You're welcome.
Yes, he is a great singer, songwriter, and songwriter. Do you like his work?
I didn't know that, but I do know that it was influenced by William Shakespeare.
I haven't read any of his work, but I do enjoy Fantasy. Do you like Fantasy?
I hope you enjoy it!
Do you like the Expendables 2 because it is a thriller?
If you like adventure films, you might also like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but it was directed by H.G. Wells and filmed in London.
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like animated films or do you like animated films?
Yes, it was produced by Walt Disney Company. Would you like to know more about this movie?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in The Matrix Reloaded and in The Matrix Reloaded.
Yes, I do. William Shakespeare also wrote The Midsummer's Dream. Have you read it?
I don't know a similar book, but a similar book is A Midsummer's Night's Dream.
There's The Tragedy of Macbeth, which is one of my favorites.
No, I haven't read that one yet.
You're welcome.
The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins. Do you like her work?
Catching Fire is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
You can try Zoe's Tale, Z for Zachariah, Z for Zachariah, Z for Zachariah, Z for Zachariah, and Z for Zachariah.
The author who wrote Catching Fire is J.K. Rowling.
Sure Matched was written by Ally Condie and has genre Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Have you read Crossed or Crossed? They are both young adult fiction.
I'm not sure, but I do know that it's a young-adult fiction.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Godfather was written by Francis Ford Coppola and stars Marlon Brando. Do you like Francis Ford Coppola films?
The Cotton Club is a Thriller and was released in 2005 and is a Thriller.
I don't know of any other movies she has directed, but I do know that Nicholas Cage starred in The Godfather Part II and The Godfather II.
You might also like The Godfather Part II, starring Sofia Coppola. It is a comedy.
Yes, it was written by Christopher Nolan and stars Christian Bale. Are you a fan of his work?
He also starred in The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
Invictus is a romantic comedy and was released in 2011. Do you like romantic comedies?
Alien is a great movie. It was written by Steven Spielberg and stars Alien. Do you like his movies?
It is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a similar movie
Great, hope you enjoy
you are welcome
The Dark Knight was written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote Batman Begins.
The Dark Knight was written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote Batman Begins. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
Sure! Celal Ulster wrote What the dog Saw and Other Adventures. Have you read those?
Baz Luhrmann wrote The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby.
Yes, The Great Gatsby was a movie and it was directed by Robert Mark Kamen and released in 1985. Do you like his work?
Baz Luhrmann starred in The Great Gatsby. Do you know him?
You might also enjoy the Romance film called The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Yes, he wrote Anonymous, which is a speculative fiction book.
It's non fiction and was released in 2008.
You're welcome.
Catching Fire is written by Suzanne Collins and is a young-adult fiction book. Do you like young adult fiction?
Sure, she also wrote The Hunger Games: Catching Fire and The Hunger Games: Mockingjay.
You're welcome!
Yes, she wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants and The Last Summer (of You and Me)
I don't know any similar books, but I do know she wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants.
Sure, can I help you with anything else?
I like her too! She is a great singer and actress. She also starred in Princess Protection Program. Have you seen that one?
Yes, she is. She's also a producer and a producer.
I'm not sure about Paul McCartney, but I do know that he is a musician.
Jennifer Garner starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine. Have you seen it?
Yes, Harvest of Fire is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Harvest of Fire is a romantic comedy. Sam Trammell also starred in a romantic comedy called Be Kind Rewind.
Yes, Harvest of Fire is a Romance Film
Ben Stiller starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and Thriller.
Yes, he also wrote and starred in The Last Samurai which is a comedy.
Ben Stiller starred in Safe Men, another comedy film starring Ben Stiller.
Yes, he is a basketball player. He plays point guard for Boston.
It's a basketball movie. Do you like Space Jam because it's a comedy?
Ghoastbusters is a great movie. Did you know he also starred in The Princess Diaries?
The Dallas Cowboys are a professional football team based in the United States. Do you like football?
Sure, he directed Little Altars Everywhere. Have you seen that one?
Kirsten Dunst also starred in The Handmaid's Tale. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure, but I do know she also starred in The Girl Next Door. Have you seen it?
It was written by S.E. Hinton and is a children's literature. Do you like children's literature?
The Lego Movie stars Seth Rogen, Nicky Katt, and Jada Pinkett Smith. Do you like Sci Fi movies?
Yes, he was in Step Brothers. Rob Riggle also starred in The Hangover Part II.
I don't know any other movies he's starred in but I do know that Will Ferrell also starred in A Bug's Life.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a football player.
He played for Manchester United F.C. and the Manchester United F.C. team. Do you know any other players?
I am not a big soccer fan. I prefer American Football. What about you?
Yes, Renny Harlin is an author who wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
I don't know who else starred in this movie, but Renny Harlin is also an actor and an actor.
It is a Thriller and Drama. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he wrote The Comte de Monte-Cristo and The Comte de Monte-Cristo.
It's a fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
Yes, he did. He also wrote The War of the Worlds.
You're welcome.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She also wrote Lord of War. Have you read that one?
Persuasion is in the same genre as Pride and Prejudice
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Gary Kubiak.
I enjoy watching the Denver Broncos game. How about you?
I don't know much about football but I do know they are owned by Jerry Jones and coached by Jason Garrett.
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like Leonardo DiCaprio?
You might like The Great Gatsby because it stars Dicaprio and is a romantic comedy.
Have you seen The Secret Life of Bees? It's a Romance.
I think he's a good football player, but I don't know much about him. What about you?
Yes, Eden Hazard is from Belgium, he is a midfielder from Belgium.
Robert Zemeckis wrote True Lies
It was written by R.J Palacio and released in 2012. Are you interested in other books by R.J Palacio?
R.J Palacio also wrote The Julian Chapter, which was released in 2012.
I'm not sure but I can tell you it was a fantasy book.
You're welcome!
It's a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
It is a sci-fi/action movie, do you like sci-fi?
You're welcome
Simon Elkeles wrote Wild Cards, Rules of Attraction, and Wildwood Dancing. Have you read any of these?
Rules of Attraction was released in 2011.
You're welcome.
The Goblet of Fire is written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire.
The Chronicles of Narnia: The Tales of Beedle the Bar is a similar book
You're welcome.
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Germany national football team.
He also played for the Germany national football team, the Midfielder
I don't know too much about soccer
Sure, he directed Jurassic Park, which is a Thriller and was released in 2012.
Do you like the movie because it's a family movie?
You might enjoy the sequel to Goodfellas, also written by Martin Scorsese, also written by Martin Scorsese and has genre Thriller.
Yes, it is! Robert De Niro also starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Sure! I'll send over.
Yes, she wrote My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories.
I don't know much about this book, but I do know it was released in 2005.
Yes, Stephanie Perkins also helped write My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories.
David Levithan also wrote My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories.
My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories is a book he wrote.
You're welcome.
Yes, Cecelia Ahern wrote Where Rainbows End and The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you read either of those?
Yes, A clockwork orange is written by Orange is a young-adult fiction book. Are you a fan of young adult fiction?
Sure, A clockwork Orange is written by Stanley Kubrick. It's genre is fantasy.
Sure, he also wrote A clockwork Orange which is a crime fiction book.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you more about it.
You're welcome.
Yes, A Clockwork Orange is a book written by James Dashner.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Gary Kubiak.
I'm more of a football fan. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. How about you?
I don't know too much about hockey, but I do know they are part of the National Football League.
I am not a huge football fan but I do know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt. Do you like them?
I'm not sure but I do know that the Tennessee Titans are owned by Wayne Weaver.
I'm not sure about Derrick Henry, but I do know they are in the National Football League.
Yes, he is a boxer. He was born in Sao Paulo. Are you a fan?
Yes, he's a famous boxer. He won the Oscar for his performance in that movie. Do you like him?
Yes, he was in the 70's show. Have you seen him?
I think he is a great basketball player, but I don't know much about him. Is he a basketball player?
Yes, I am a basketball fan. Do you like to watch basketball?
I did. I'm more of a fan of Space Jam.
Yes, he starred in Celebrity, which is a Comedy-drama film.
I don't know when it was released, but it is a Romantic Comedy
Yes, I do, would you like me to send it to you?
Go Set a Watchman is similar to To Kill a Mockingbird.
Violets Are Blue was written by Harper Lee. Do you like fiction books?
Ant-Man is written by Ant-Man and stars Tom Cruise. Do you like Tom Cruise?
Sure, Zombieland is a great movie. Other Sci-Fi movies you may enjoy are Zombieland 2 and The Last Samurai.
Sure, X-Men First Class is written by Richard Linklater and stars Morgan Freeman.
Yes, The Usual Suspects is a Thriller starring Kevin Spacey. Do you like Thrillers?
If you are into Crime movies, you might also like The Time Traveler's Wife. It's a great movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he plays for the Poland national football team. Do you like football?
Robert Lewandowski plays for the Poland national football team as well. Do you like him?
I'm more of a baseball fan, but I'm more of a baseball fan.
Yes, he is a great author. He wrote Der Tod in Venedig. Have you read that one?
Michael Cunningham wrote The Tod in Venedig and he also wrote The Tod in Venedig.
The Hours with Michael Cunningham is a book released in 1996 and it is in the LB genre.
You're welcome.
Do you like Fight Club because it is a thriller or a Thriller?
Zodiac also stars Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Sure, it was written by Patrick Rothfuss and is a war film. Do you like war movies?
I don't know too much about Deer Hunter, but I do know it was released in 2012.
The Wiz is a thriller and drama.
The Wiz stars Michael Cimino and Robert De Niro. Do you like musicals?
I am not sure, but I can tell you she is the producer of The Wiz.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, Deadpool is written by Charlaine Harris and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Zombieland is a great Sci-Fi movie. Other Sci-Fi movies you might like are Zombieland and The Last Samurai.
Emma Stone is a great actress. She also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine.
Gillian Flynn wrote Dark Places and it was released in 2009. Are you a fan of hers?
Yes, Gillian Flynn also wrote What Alice Forgot and Twilight. Have you read them?
You're welcome!
I know that he is a Brazilian professional football player from Brazil. Are you a fan of his?
Yes, I do. I am a huge fan of UFC mixed martial arts.
I am not a big soccer fan but I do know she was born in Sao Paulo.
Colleen Hoover wrote Ugly Love
It was released in 2014. Colleen Hoover also wrote The Girl Next Door and The Girl Next Door. Have you read those?
You're welcome. I'm glad I could help.
Clockwork Angel was written by Cassandra Clare and is a young-adult fiction book. Are you a fan of young adult fiction?
It's a sci-fi and fantasy. Do you like those types of books?
I'm sure you'll like The Time Traveler's Wife and The Time Traveler's Wife. Both are great books.
Batman is directed by James Dashner. Do you like his work?
It is a great movie. It was directed by Christopher Nolan. Do you like him?
Srar is a great actor. He also starred in The Dark Knight Rises. Have you seen it?
John Adams was written by John Adams. He also wrote The Sun Also Rises. Have you read that one?
Great choice! He wrote The Thorn Birds and The First Man in Rome. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it was released in 1817 and is a children's literature.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Bruce Almighty was written and starred Jim Carrey. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, he was also in Batman Forever. Have you seen it?
Yes, she was in Yes Man. She also starred in The Princess Diaries.
A Beautiful Mind was written by Akiva Goldman. It is a Thriller and Drama.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Suresh Raina is an athlete on the India national cricket team. He plays for the India National Cricket team.
I'm more into boxing, but I'm more into boxing. What's your favorite sport?
I don't know much about him, but I know he's from Columbia and plays for the Colombia national cricket team.
Yes, it's a great movie. It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You're welcome!
City of God is a drama starring Cassandra Clare. Do you like dramas?
I think he's a great singer, but I don't know much about him. What do you think?
I don't know much about him other than he's a singer, but I know he was born in Madrid and starred in Desperado.
No, I didn't know that. Is he a musician?
Yes, he is. Did you know he is also a musician?
Groundhog Day is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Thriller movies?
I'm not sure who starred in that movie, but National Lampoon's Vacation is a comedy-drama film.
I don't know if his latest film is, but he also starred in A Bug's Life.
The Lives of Others is a horror film starring Ulrich Tukur and Sebastian Koch. Do you like horror films?
Shark Night is a thriller starring Katharine McPhee.
She also starred in The Matrix Reloaded. You might like that one.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
She's a tennis player from India. Do you like tennis?
I don't know much about tennis but I do know that Williams is also a tennis player.
Yes, I do. I like tennis as well. How about you?
Sure, he wrote Two By Two and True Believer. Have you read those?
It was released in 2003. It is a speculative fiction book.
Yes, he also wrote Two By Two.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I think he is a good rapper, but I'm not a big fan of his music. What about you?
No, I haven't. What genre are you looking for?
Yes, he is a great actor. Did you know he starred in The Wash?
Yes, Reservoir Dogs is written by Quentin Tarantino. Are you a Quentin Tarantino fan?
Reservoir Dogs is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
He also wrote Requiem for a Dream which is a crime fiction movie.
Yes, it is and Rose McGowan also starred in Mad Max 2.
I will play that for you.
Yes, Rickie Fowler is a professional golfer from Murrieta. Do you like golf?
I don't know too much about golf but I do know Rickie Fowler is from the United States of America. He won the 2012 PGA Championship.
I'm not a huge tennis fan but I do know that Venus has a sister named Serena.
I'm not sure about Serena but I know she's married to Serena. I don't know much about her.
Yes, I do. She wrote The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it was. It's a Thriller and was released in 2012. Do you like Thrillers?
I'm sure you'd love it! She also starred in The Princess and the Frog. Have you seen it?
Peter Weir directed The Truman Show, The Truman Show, and The Truman Show. Have you seen any of those?
Sure, it was written and directed by Peter Weir. It is a Thriller/Drama that was released in 2014.
It is a highly acclaimed film. It was written and directed by Peter Weir. It is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf. Do you like them?
I didn't know that. Did you know Scottie Pippen starred in The Lorax? He was also in that.
I haven't seen it, but I will definitely check it out. Thanks for the info!
Yes, he was great in that movie. Did you know he was born in Chicago?
Pink is a great singer. She wrote Where Rainbows End. Have you heard that one?
I'm not sure what is her latest album, but I do know she was in the movie Valentine's Day.
I don't know much about P's music, but I can tell you more about P's recent album. Is there anything else I can help with?
What About Us is one of my favorite songs, but I'm not a big fan of hers. What about you?
He is a singer and a musician. He was born in Los Angeles, and he is also an actor
Sure, Billie Letts wrote The Honk and Holler Opening Soon. Have you read it?
Where the Heart is is a Drama.
It was released in 2004 and is in the Drama genre.
You're welcome.
I think he's a good cricket player, but I don't really know much about him. Do you like cricket?
Yrvaj Singh is a great cricket player. I think he's from India.
I don't know a whole lot about it, but I do know that he is from India.
Les Miserables was written by Christopher Bigsby. He also wrote The Club. Have you seen it?
Yes, he produced The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen those?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, he wrote Seven Psychopaths and Seven Psychopaths.
Seven Psychopaths is a Thriller and was released in 2011.
Tom Waits wrote and produced Seven Psychopaths
you too
Do you like books written by Cassandra Clare?
Where Rainbows End is written by Cassandra Clare. She also wrote The Time Traveler's Wife.
Yes, he also wrote Where Rainbows End, have you read that one?
I don't have any information on that one, but I can tell you more about her books.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a soccer player from Spain.
Yes, he is. He's also on the Manchester United F.C. team. Do you like him?
Yes, he did. He also coached Manchester United F.C. and Manchester United F.C.
Yes, I do. It's a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you want to see it?
If you like action films, you might also like Shark Night. It is a Thriller.
Yes, Zoom is a Thriller and was directed by Ron Howard.
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie!
Do you like Shawshank Redemption because it is written by Stephen King?
Yes, that was a great movie. It was written by J.K. Rowling, who also starred in A Bug's Life. Have you seen it?
Yes, he is in The Worlds. he also starred in Unleashed
Tropic Thunder is a great movie, starring Tom Cruise and Michael Chernus
Yes, it was written by Stephen King and stars Morgan Freeman. Are you a fan of Stephen King books?
The Shawshank Redemption is starring Morgan Freeman. Do you like movies starring Morgan Freeman?
Rita Hayworth was also in The Mist which is a crime fiction film.
Sure, Atonement is written by Ian McEveety and is a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you other War films starring Ian McEwan.
It was released in 2014. I'm not sure if it's a film.
You're welcome.
The Return of the King was written by J.R.R Tolkien and is in the Fantasy genre. Do you like Fantasy genre?
Yes, J.R.R wrote The Two Towers and The Return of the King.
The Looking Glass Wars is a fantasy book written by Frank Beddor
Yes he did and Andrew Stanton also starred in WALL-E which is a fantasy.
The Bourne Supremacy is starring Matt Damon and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Wolfhound is a thriller. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome. anything else i can answer?
you are welcome. have a good day
Yes, Michelle Wie is an American professional golf player. She's also a musician and a voice actor. Do you like golf?
I don't know too much about her, but I do know she won the 2012 PGA Championship.
I didn't know that! Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are in the National Football League. Are they a football team?
I don't know much about them, I know they are in the National Football League and I don't know much about them. Who are they?
I do! He's a great Poe. He wrote and starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
The Tell-Tale Heart is a Historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
It's a fictional story about a girl who meets a girl and falls into a child.
I don't know any other stories about Murder, but I can tell you that is about a murder.
Do you like Deadpool because it's a superhero movie?
He also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome, enjoy!
X-men 2 is a sci-fi action thriller starring Kevin Spacey. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes, Nightcrawler is a great family movie. It was written by Robert Mark Kamen and he also starred in The Wolverine. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is a horror movie starring Robert Downey Jr. and Kevin Spacey.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, he starred in The Girl Next Door and The Girl Next Door. Have you seen those?
Thomas Crown Affair is a political thriller.
You're welcome.
Fast and the Furious is a Thriller starring Vin Diesel. Do you like Thrillers or Crime Fiction?
You might enjoy The Chronicles of Narnia or The Lion King or the Wardrobe. Both are great action films.
I don't know much about that one, but I do know that Jason Statham acted in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and X-Men: Days of Future Past is a good one.
That was a great movie. Did you know Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog is a Romance Film?
John Grogan also wrote The World's Worst Dog. Have you read it?
The book was released in 2005. Would you like to hear more about that?
You're welcome!
Me too! He's a great actor. He starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you seen that one?
True Romance starred Matt Damon and Josh Brolin. Do you like his movies?
I'm not sure but I can tell you Tom Sizemore starred in the movie True Romance.
Yes, it's considered a thriller and a drama.
You're welcome.
Yes, I love her music. Did you know she starred in a movie called Valentine's Day?
Yea, that is a good one. Did you know she starred in a movie called Valentine's Day?
The New Orleans Saints are a professional football team based in the United States. Do you like football?
I don't know much about soccer but I do know that Drew Brees is from the United States. Are you a soccer fan?
I'm a big soccer fan. I'm more of a American Football fan. What about you do you think?
Do you like Jaws because it is written by James Dashner?
there are 3 parts in this movie. what else can i answer for you?
Yes, David Levithan is the author of The Pillars of the Earth. Are you familiar with that book?
I don't have that information, but it was released in 2012.
Did you know Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist is a drama?
I don't know much about them, I know they are owned by Wayne Weaver. Are you a fan of them?
I don't know much about basketball but I do know that Willie Wise is a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you have a favorite team?
Percy Bysshe Shelley Ode to the West Wind is considered a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Last Man was written by Percy Bysshe Shelley Ode to the West Wind was released in 2012.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
Great, I'm glad I could help.
She starred in The Princess Diaries and The Princess Diaries. Have you seen either of those?
I like her music. Did you know she starred in The Muppets?
I don't know of any of her songs, but I do know she is a singer.
I'm more of a rock person. What about you?
Sure, he directed Twilight. Have you seen that one?
Rachel Getting Married is a great family movie. It was written and directed by David Ayer. Do you like family movies?
You should check it out. It's a Romance film.
Yes, she starred in The Princess Diaries. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
Yes, he plays for the Germany national football team.
Yes, he plays for FC Bayern Munich as a midfielder and a Forward.
Yes, it is coached by Louis van Gaal. He also coached Manchester United F.C. and Manchester United F.C.
You're welcome.
Yes, I do. Did you know that Kay Kay and Jay starred in Men In Black II?
Yes, she was. Do you like Sci Fi movies?
Rosario also starred in King of the Jungle
Do you like books written by Emma because it is a fiction book?
No, The Girls was not written by the same author
The Baker's Secret is a Mystery
I think she is a great singer. Did you know she also starred in Madonna's Wedding Date?
It is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Do you like Divergent because it is a Thriller or because it is a Science Fiction?
Yes Kate Winslet was in that Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he did. That was a great Thriller. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Do you like Fantasy movies?
You might also enjoy the Harry Potter films: The Prisoner of Azkaban and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz stars Kate Beckinsale and Kate Beckinsale.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Bill Bidwill.
Yes, they are part of the NFC West. They are owned by Bill Bidwill.
yes he is. do you like football?
Yes, he starred in The Expendables 2 and The Expendables 2
I am not sure if he starred in Expendables 2 but he was also in the 2012 Olympics
What is your favorite baseball team?
Sure, he directed The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and The Amazing Spider-Man 2. Have you seen them?
The Amazing Spider-Man was written by Marc Webb and he also directed The Amazing Spider-Man 2.
You're welcome.
Coraline is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Then you'll like Zombieland, Wildwood Dancing, and Wildwood Dancing. Have you seen any of these?
The main voice over a voice over a voice over a voice over a person. The main voice over a voice over a person. The main voice over a voice over a person in a movie called Shark Night. It's a drama.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Jay Ahser wrote a book called One Time Traveler's Wife. Have you heard of it?
The Future of Us is a young-adult fiction novel by Jay Ahser. Do you like that genre?
I forgot about that. Do you know if she authored Ink Exchange?
You're welcome
I'm not sure about Ocean's Thirteen but Ocean's Thirteen is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
He starred in The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen any of these?
Yes, Hail is a great movie. The Fall of the Roman Empire is a horror movie. Do you like horror movies?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Mark of Athena is a Greek mythology starring Matt Damon and Kate Beckinsale. Do you like those actors?
He has also written The Son of Neptune and The Son of Neptune. Have you read those?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy!
You're welcome!
The Gunlinger is written by Stephen King and released in 1982. Do you like Stephen King?
He also wrote The Stand, The Stand, and The Stand.
He also wrote The Shining. Have you seen it?
Carrie is a horror film.
Scared is a good one. It was written by Stephen King.
you're welcome
The Illusionist is written by Robert Mark Kamen and a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Illusionist is genre Crime and Drama. Do you like those genres?
You might like Kill Bill or Kill Bill. They're both Thrillers.
Yes, you're right and Katharine McPhee was in Shark Night.
You're welcome.
Yes, he directed Restless. Have you seen it?
It is a Thriller/Drama. Do you like thrillers?
He also starred in The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded.
You're welcome.
Yes, The Good Earth is a speculative fiction written by James Dashner. Do you like speculative fiction?
No, I don't. I'm sorry.
yes it is. It's in English.
You're welcome.
Sure, she starred in The Exorcist and also in The Prestige. Have you seen either of those?
The Baby-Sitters Club is a horror film starring Ellen Burstyn and Kate Beckinsale
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote The Lord of the Rings and The Lord of the Rings. Have you read any of those?
It was released in 1969 and the genre is Science Fiction. Do you like Science Fiction?
Yes, I would recommend that one as well. It is a great book.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Beautiful Disaster is a great book written by Jamie McGuire. It was released in 2011.
I haven't read Beautiful Disaster, but I have heard of it. It is a very good book.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about him, but I do know he's a basketball player.
I agree. He is a great LeBron. He also starred in a movie called Space Jam.
I agree with you! Have a great day!
Sure, Taken 2 is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he was in The Wildest Dream. Have you seen it? It's a great movie.
Strange Days was released in 2011. Would you like to watch it?
David McCullough wrote The Thorn Birds and The First Man in Rome.
It was released in 2015. It's a romantic comedy.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Little Women was written by Louisa May Alcott, who also wrote Little Women. Do you like books by her?
Yes, Louisa May Alcott wrote Little Men which is in the same genre as Little Men and Life of Pi. Have you read those?
Rose in Bloom was released in 1960.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver.
I don't know much about Philadelphia Eagles, but I do know they are owned by John Fox.
Yes, he is. I'm not much of a baseball fan so I don't know much about him. I'm more of a baseball fan.
Jeremy Tambling wrote a book called David Copperfield. Do you like his work?
I am not sure but I will add to my list of reads.
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Old Curiosity Shop.
You're welcome.
Yes, he is a snowboarder who starred in Friends with Benefits. Are you a fan of his?
Yes, Woody also starred in Friends with Benefits, did you know that?
Julianne Moore also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine.
I don't really follow basketball, but I do know that Thomas is a great athlete.
I agree. he is a great basketball player. do you like basketball?
I agree. That's a great place to visit.
he is a basketball player. do you like basketball?
Fahrenheit 451 is a speculative fiction book written by Ray Bradbury.
Fahrenheit 451 is written by Ray Bradbury
He also wrote The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass
Sure, do you like books written by Charlaine Harris or are you a fan of this author?
Dead is a Romance novel written by Charlaine Harris and is in the Romance genre. Do you like Romance novels?
It was written by Charlaine Harris and released in 2005.
You're welcome!
Xander Berkeley starred in Xander Berkeley. He also starred in Unleashed. Have you seen it?
I am not sure, but Xander Berkeley starred in Nikita. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure but it is a drama.
Yes, Xander Berkeley starred in Nikita which is a Thriller.
Great! I hope you enjoy!
Sure, A House of Night Novel was written by Nicholas Sparks and is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
Yes, she has. She also wrote Untamed: A House of Night Novel. Have you read that one?
Yes, he did write that one as well as The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you read that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Platoon is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Thrillers?
I'm not sure. But if you like war movies you should watch World War Z. It's a war movie.
You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote the Twilight series, have you heard of it?
X-Men: Days of Future Past is a Comedy. Have you seen that one?
X-Men Origins:Wolverine is a good one. You might also like World War Z.
2012 is written by Roland Emmerich and stars Ty Burrell. Are you a fan of thrillers?
Yes, he did. That was a great movie. Did you know he also starred in The Day After Tomorrow?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that it is a drama.
Donnie Brasco starred in a number of movies, including Princess Mononoke, Princess Mononoke, and Princess Mononoke.
Paul Attanasio also wrote The Little Friend and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen either of those?
The Sum of All Fears is a romantic comedy and The Good German is a comedy.
It was written by Stieg Larsson and was released in 2007.
Stieg Larsson also wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes.
I don't know of any genre, but I do know he is a teacher.
You're welcome.
You're welcome
The Hobbit was written by J.D. Salinger, who also wrote The Lord of the Rings.
Have you read The Hobbit or The Lord of the Rings?
Yes, Wuthering Heights is written by Emily Bronte and is a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 1847 and is in the Fantasy genre.
Sure, he also wrote Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I think she is a great singer and actress. Did you know she starred in The Muppets?
Yes, I do. She is a very talented singer.
Yes, Bradley Cooper starred in The Matrix Revisited
Great, I will add it to your watch list
You are welcome
Marked is a young-adult fiction book written by M. Night Shyamalan. Are you interested in young adult fiction?
P.C. Cast wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Revolting Rhymes
Tempted is speculative fiction
Yes, F. Scott Fitzgerald starred in The Great Gatsby. He is an American novelist, critic, essayist, and columnist.
This Side of Paradise was released in 1920 and is in the Fiction genre.
i do not have any other information
Yes, he directed and produced The King's Speech. Have you seen that one?
The Wolfman stars Robert Duvall and Robert Duvall. Do you know them?
He also starred in The Road to Little Dribbling.
That is a good movie. It's a drama.
The Twilight Saga: New Moon is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
If you like action films, you might like The Fault in Our Stars. It's a drama.
I do not have that information, but I do know it was written by Stephenie Meyer.
You're welcome.
Zack Snyder starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, X-Men: Days of Future Past and Insurgent.
He's a great actor. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen those?
It is a drama and action movie.
Yes, I do. It's a Thriller starring Nicolas Cage. Do you like thrillers?
He also starred in The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate.
Joe Morton starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
It is a Thriller/Drama that was released in 2002.
What Lies Beneath, Trouble in Mind is a TV series. Another TV series you might enjoy is What Lies Beneath.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I know it was written by Chinua Achebe
I know that he's a singer, but I don't know too much about him. I know he was born in Los Angeles
Hugh Jackman also starred in What's Up, Doc. He is a great actor.
Yes, he was the lead actor in What's Up.
You're welcome.
I do! The Batman movies are a great movie! Batman was written by James Dashner. Have you seen them?
I'm not sure about Christopher Heyerdahl, but I do know he starred in The Lord of the Rings.
2004 was also the year that released The Last Samurai. Have you seen it?
It is a drama. Do you like drama?
Sure! Billie Letts wrote The Honk and Holler Opening Soon and The Honk and Holler Opening Soon. Have you read those?
Where the Heart is considered a Drama and a biography.
Where the Heart is a drama and The Honk and Holler Opening Soon is a drama. Do you like drama?
A Confederacy of Dunces is written by Walker Percy and John Kennedy Toole.
I don't have any information on that book but A Confederacy of Dunces is a Tragicomedy.
I don't know any other books by him but A Confederacy of Dunces is a Tragicomedy
I'm not sure but A Confederacy of Dunces is in the genre of Tragicomedy.
You're welcome.
I think he is a good singer but I don't know much about him as a singer. I'm more of a Beatles fan. Do you like him?
No, I haven't. What is the name of the album?
I don't know too much about him, but I do know he is a celebrity friend to Tyga?
She starred in The Muppets and The Muppets. Have you seen them?
I'm not a huge fan of her music but I do enjoy her acting in Valentine's Day. Have you seen it?
That's a great show. Did you know she also starred in Valentine's Day?
Yes, I can. She wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. Have you read that one?
Yes, they are. Would you like me to add them to your list?
It was released in 2014 and is a Romance/Comedy.
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you it was released in 2014.
You're welcome.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
You're welcome.
The Girl on the Train is written by Paula Hawkins. Are you a fan of hers?
The Girl on the Train is a horror novel written by Paula Hawkins
The girl on the train was released in 2011
I am not sure but it was released in English
I think he's a good basketball player, but I don't know much about him. Who is he?
That was a great year for basketball. Did you know that Derrick Rose was from Chicago?
Yes, he plays for the Chicago Bulls. He's a pretty good guy.
Mike Newell directed Zero Dark Thirty, a Thriller, and The Republic of Love. Have you seen those?
Pushing Tin was written and directed by Frank Darabont. Do you like his movies?
Pushing Tin was released in 2005 and the language is English.
Yes, I do. She's a great singer and actress. She also starred in Cadillac Records. Have you seen it?
Yes, he is married to Jay-Z. Do you know her music?
No, I didn't know that. Is there a movie starring Beyonce?
The Grapes of Wrath was written by John Steinbeck. He also wrote The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you read it?
It was released in 1960. Do you like that genre?
I don't know any other books written by him, but I do know he is a writer.
I'm not sure about that one, but I can tell you it was a drama.
You're welcome.
I do! Big Hero 6 is a Sci-Fi Thriller starring Matt Damon, Matt Damon, Matt Damon, and more. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, I like Dance Flick, it's a great movie. Do you like any other dance genre movies?
Zoolander 2 is a good one. It's a Comedy-drama. You might also like The Last Samurai. It's a Thriller.
I'd say check out Blades of Glory and Night at the Roxbury. It's a Thriller.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him, but I do know he's a boxer. Do you know who he is?
Yes, he was. Did you know he was also a politician?
Yes, that's right. I don't know if there's anything else I can help with.
Yes Please was written by actress Amy Poehler and was released in 2014 and is in the genre of Thriller. Do you like that genre?
She's been in several movies including The Muppets and The Muppets.
I'll add that to your watch list.
Yes, she wrote Mansfield Park. Have you read it?
The Pianist is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he was in Count Dracula. It's a crime thriller.
It's a drama and a biography. Do you like those types of movies?
Alfred Hitchcock directed The Trouble with Harry, The Trouble with Harry, and The Trouble with Harry. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, Scream is a horror movie starring Scarlett Johansson. Do you like horror movies?
I do not have any information about Scream
You are welcome
Anthony Heald starred in The Silence of the Lambs. Have you seen that one?
Yes, you are correct. She also starred in The Princess Diaries. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Zoe Kravitz is a horror film. You should check it out.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Do you like them because they are in the National Football League?
The Baltimore Ravens are 2nd in the AFC North. They are 4th in the AFC North.
Pittsburgh Steelers is a quarterback
I don't know too much about them
The Cleveland Browns are a professional football team based in Cleveland, Illinois. Do you like football?
Gregg Williams also coached the New Orleans Saints and the Chargers.
My favorite college team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you have a favorite team?
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest is written by Dave Pelzer. Do you like the author or the genre?
It was written by Jonathan Kellerman
I don't have access to that information right now
You're welcome
Jurassic Park III was directed by Steven Spielberg. He also directed Jurassic Park III. Do you like him?
The Expendables 2 is a Thriller and the genre is Crime Fiction. Do you like Crime Fiction?
The Expendables 2 was written by Robert Mark Kamen and released in 2011. Would you like to hear more about this movie?
I know he's a football player, but I don't know much about him. Do you like him?
Yes, he is. He is a famous player. He is also a musician.
I am a huge fan of American Football. My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks. Have you been there?
He wrote The Yellow Submarine. Have you read it?
Yes, he did. Did you know John Lennon is from the United States?
Tropic Island Hum was written by John Lennon.
Do you like it because it's a crime movie?
It is considered a comedy and drama.
I don't know anything else about O Brother, Where Art Thou, but I can tell you that Joel Coen also wrote No Country for Old Men.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him, but I know he's a basketball player from Oakland. Are you a fan?
Me too! Micheal Jordan is a basketball player. Do you know who he is?
Yes, he is! He's a point guard as well. He's a point guard as well.
You're welcome!
I don't know too much about him, but I know he is a football player from Belgium.
I don't know too much about him, I know he plays for the Belgium national football team. Is he a forward?
I do like Éric Abidal, he is a great midfielder. Do you like him?
I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. What about you?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. who is your favorite player?
I don't know much about Doc Rivers, but I do know that Doc Rivers is from the Los Angeles National Football League.
I agree, Tobias Harris is a pretty good player. Did you know he was born in Los Angeles?
It's a sports team. I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm more of a baseball fan.
Yes, he was fired by the same team as the Celtics. I'm more of a baseball fan.
Sounds like a plan. Have you been there?
Roger Allers directed The Lion King and The Wardrobe. Have you seen them?
It's a musical theater. Do you like musicals?
Yes, it is a musical theater. Do you like musicals?
You might also enjoy the X-Men Origins:Wolverine.
William Landay wrote Defending Jacob.
I'm sorry, I don't have another book similar to Defending Jacob.
You're welcome.
Treasure Island was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Do you like his work?
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is a psychological thriller
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is a Psychological thriller
You're welcome
Looper stars Jason Statham and is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Yes, he wrote The Castle and The Namesake
Yes, it is in English and released in English.
You're welcome.
I do! Mel Gibson wrote The Passion of the Christ. Have you seen it?
I don't know any other movies that he directed, but I do know that he also wrote Apocalypto.
It has a great cast including Christo Jivkov, Christo Jivkov, and Christian Bale.
You're welcome.
Yes, Holes is written by Louis Sachar. It is a horror film. Do you like horror films?
She also wrote Zookeeper and Zookeeper. Have you read them?
I have not read any of her books, but I do know she is a teacher.
You're welcome.
Titanic also stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Robert Downey Jr.. Do you like those actors?
Yes, it was directed by Leonardo DiCaprio and it was directed by James Cameron
He also directed The Dark Knight Rises, and Avatar.
Yes, Sam Worthington starred alongside him in Avatar 2
Avatar was written and produced by David Moore
I don't have that information, but I do know it was directed by James Cameron
Gregory Maguire wrote Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West.
Sure, he also wrote Wicked: The Time Traveler's Wife
I don't know any other books in that genre but I do know that it was released in 2002
Debt of Honor is written by William Shakespeare
Yes, Tom Wilkinson starred in The Samurai and The Samurai. Have you seen those?
Yes, it was written by Wilde. It also starred Tom Wilkinson and Morgan Freeman.
No I do not. But I can tell you Tom Wilkinson starred in Wilde.
Vanessa Redgrave also starred in The Princess Diaries and The Princess Diaries.
Daredevil is a superhero movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like superhero movies?
You might like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee, or X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore. It's a horror film.
You're welcome.
Robert Downey Jr. starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and the Half-Blood Prince. Have you seen those?
It's a Thriller starring Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal
Zodiac also starred Robert Downey Jr., Jeff Garlin, Jeff Garlin and more
You're welcome!
Yes, City of Ashes is written by Cassandra Clare. Have you read it?
City of Ashes was written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
Yes, it was. Cassandra Clare also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex.
I'm sure you'd like to read City of Bones. They're both part of the Mortal Instruments series.
Robert Kirkman wrote The Walking Dead and The Walking Dead. Have you read either of those?
It was written by Charlaine Harris and it was released in 2005
It was written by Charlaine Harris and it is in English.
The Walking Dead is starring Charlize Theron and Robert Kirkman
your welcome
I think she's a good tennis player, but I don't know much about her. What about you?
I don't know much about tennis, but I do know she is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I don't know much about tennis but I do know she is married to Serena.
I like Joe Turkel, he starred in a lot of movies. He's a great actor. He's a great actor. He's been in a lot of action films. Do you like action films?
Yes, Shelly Duvall also starred in The Pillars of the Earth. Have you seen that one?
No, I haven't seen Time Bandits. Is it a crime fiction film?
Yes, he directed a favorite of mine, The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban.
Yes, he was in that one. He also starred in The Princess Diaries.
It is considered a Romance and Drama.
Glad I could help.
Yes, it was written by Christopher Nolan and is a young-adult fiction book. Do you like young adult fiction?
The Bad Beginning was released in 2004 and is in the Fantasy genre
You're welcome
Yes, it was written by Stephen King. Are you a fan of Stephen King?
Yes, Malcolm Gladwell wrote The Power of Thinking Without Thinking, which is a self-help book.
What the Dog Saw is a Psychological Thriller. It was released in 2005.
Sure! Did you enjoy E.T. because it is a Sci-Fi movie or because it is an action movie?
E.T. also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and X-Men: First Class. Have you seen those?
You're welcome
Sure, Anonymous is an action film starring Charlize Theron. Do you like that kind of movie?
I don't know any other thrillers, but I do know that Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt and Kyla Pratt.
It's a great Thriller, written by Robert Mark Kamen and starred Scarlett Johansson.
Sure, Basher Savage starred in Gravity. Have you seen it?
Gravity also starred Robert De Niro and Robert De Niro. Do you like Sci Fi movies?
Yes, Gravity is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
You're welcome. Have a good day.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like fantasy books?
She has also written Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince and the Half-Blood Prince
The Cuckoo's Calling is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
Yes, she did write it under a different name.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by M Denise Debartolo York and John York.
I don't know anything about him, but I do know he's from the United States.
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. What's yours?
Liar Liar is a comedy starring Tom Everett and Jeff Bridges. Do you like comedies?
Zombieland is a great comedy. You might also enjoy The Last Samurai. It is a comedy.
I'm not sure who stars in it, but Jim Carrey also starred in Zombieland.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, he directed both The Trouble with Harry and The Trouble with Harry. Have you seen either of those?
They are Thrillers similar to Alfred Hitchcock.
I am not sure but I do know they both acted in drama
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Jungle Book. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is. It is considered a fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
I don't know if he acted in that movie, but he is a great actor.
Ok. I'll do that right away.
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in Kill Bill Vol. 2 and also in The Republic of Love. Have you seen them?
Yes, Serenity is a great actress. She starred in the movie Serenity. Are you a fan of hers?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it is a Thriller.
It is a horror movie. Do you like horror?
Will do! Enjoy the movie!
She wrote The Princess Diaries. Have you read it?
The Hunger Games is a science fiction film. The genre is Science Fiction.
I'll do that right away.
Yes, she wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. Have you read it?
Ann Brashares wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants
I'm not sure but it was released in 2011 and is in English.
You're welcome.
Bill Bryson starred in The Road to Little Dribbling and The Mother Tongue: English and How It Got That Way.
It was written by Bill Bryson and is a Thriller. It was released in 2005 and is in the Crime genre.
The Road to Little Dribbling was written by Bill Bryson. He also wrote The Mother Tongue: English and How It Got That Way.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, he wrote Where the Red Fern Grows and Where the Red Fern Grows. Have you read either of those?
Yes, he also wrote Where the Red Fern Grows. Have you read it?
I don't know of any other books by him but I can tell you more
You're welcome
Mean Girls is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers or Crime Fiction?
Sure, she starred in The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
Freaky Friday was released in 2014. Would you like me to add it to your list?
Yes, he plays for the Germany national football team.
I'm not a big soccer fan but I do know Toni Kroos is a Midfielder.
I'm more of a football fan. What about you do you watch?
She starred in Zero Dark Thirty and The Hurt Locker. Have you seen either of those?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you she also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness.
I don't know who she was in, but I do know she also starred in The Help.
Yes, she was
Will do! Enjoy!
Yes, he is a great player. He plays for the Argentina national football team.
I don't know much about soccer. Are you a soccer fan?
I don't know much about soccer. I don't know much about soccer. Is he a forward?
Yes, it was written by James Patterson and is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I don't know any other books by him but I can tell you that he wrote Kiss the Girls. Have you read any of his work?
Then you'll like Zombieland also written by James Patterson. Have you read that one?
Mark Andrews is an actor and a director. He starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
It was released in 2010. It also starred Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
It is an animated film. It was directed by Mark Andrews. He also directed Monsters University. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome. Have a great day!
Yes, she wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants, The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants and The Last Summer (of You and Me)
She also wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants, which is a comedy-drama. Do you like that genre?
You might enjoy The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants by Ann Brashares as it's sequel, The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants.
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Germany national football team.
I don't know much about him, other than he plays for the Germany national football team.
No, I don't know much about him. Is he a midfielder?
They were the winner in the 2008 UEFA Champions League Final.
Gareth Bale is a football player and plays for the Wales National football team. Do you like football?
No, I haven't. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I like sports movies. I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm more of a baseball fan.
Ben Affleck directed The Town and The Town. Have you seen them?
It is a drama/drama starring Ben Affleck. It was released in 2001.
Ben Affleck also directed The Town, which is a psychological thriller.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Ransom Riggs wrote Where the Wild Things Are and The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you read those?
Yes,It is a great movie starring Kate Beckinsale
The Library of Souls is a mystery and drama
You too
Sure! He wrote Thunderstruck. Have you read that one?
I don't know, but it was released in 2005
Pia Guerra also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and World War Z.
You're welcome
Sure, Source Code is written by Richelle Mead and stars Denzel Washington. It is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, it is. It is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure, Source code is X-Men Origins:Wolverine and X-Men Origins:Wolverine. what else can i answer for you?
Yes, he starred in Source Code
It is a thriller starring Matt Damon and was released in 2012. Are you a fan of thrillers?
Yes, he wrote The Godfather. Have you read it?
The Godfather was released in 2001 and was written by Robert Thompson.
Yes, Sounder was released in 1969 and the film was directed by Robert Thompson.
Yes, Eric Carle also wrote The Very Hungry Caterpillar.
The Very Hungry Caterpillar is a Children's literature. The Very Hungry Caterpillar is a Children's literature.
The Witch of Blackbird Pond is written by William Shakespeare.
You're welcome!
Law Abiding Citizen was released in 1946.
Yes, he is. Did you know he is also a director?
It is a Crime Fiction movie starring Matt Damon and was released in 2012.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, he directed The Kingdom of the Crystal Skulls and The Kingdom of the Crystal Skull.
Battleship also starred Tom Hanks and Jason Bateman. Do you like action movies?
She was also in Battleship. Did you know she starred in a lot of movies?
Yes, I do. It is a mystery written by Lauren Kate. Do you like mysteries?
Yes, he also wrote Slaughter, which is a Science Fiction book.
Yes, that was the year for Zealot: The Life and Times of Jesus of Nazareth was released.
You're welcome
Philip K. Dick wrote The Year of the Flood and The Sea of Monsters. Have you read them?
I would recommend A Scanner Darkly and The Minority Report. It was released in 1960.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
I think she's a good tennis player but I don't know much about her. What do you think about her?
I don't know much about golf but I do know he won the 2012 PGA Championship. what about you?
yes she is. do you know who she is?
The Chicago Bulls are a basketball team owned by Jerry Reinsdorf. Do you like basketball?
No I didn't know that. Is that a baseball team?
Not sure, but they're playing for the Chicago Bulls this year.
Being John Malkovich is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Charlie Kaufman also wrote The Year of the Flood, which is in the Comedy/fantasy genre.
Adaptation is a drama and a comedy. It also stars Robert Duvall and is a comedy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Jan de Bont starred in Lethal Weapon 3. Have you heard of it?
I didn't know that, but I do know that Rene Russo is the author of the film.
I have not seen that one. I am a big fan of that genre. Is it a thriller?
Yes, he is. Do you like his acting?
You're welcome.
Yes, The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote The Curious Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories. Are you interested in any of these?
You're welcome.
It was written by Steven Conrad and a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Fugitive was released in 1985 and is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Have a great day!
It was written by Patrick Rothfuss and is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
No, I haven't. Is that a Romance film?
I have not seen that one, but I know it was written by Peter Hedges.
I'm not sure if it is a comedy but it is a comedy. Do you like comedy?
Sure, Liane Moriarty also wrote What Alice Forgot and Three Wishes. Have you read them?
Liane Moriarty wrote What Alice Forgot, Truly Madly Guilty and Three Wishes.
Yes, Liane Moriarty also wrote What Alice Forgot, Three Wishes and Three Wishes.
You're welcome!
Craig T. Nelson starred in The Princess Diaries and The Frog. Have you seen any of those?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you Sandra Bullock was also in The Proposal.
Great, you might like World War Z and World War Z. Have you seen those?
Sure, he wrote The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded.
Valis was released in 1980.
Yes, The Mask was released in 1981 and The Minority Report was released in 1981
You're welcome.
The Bourne Ultimatum is a Thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like thrillers?
I have not, but I know Viggo Mortensen also starred in The People Speak. Have you seen it?
I liked him in The People Speak, but I'm not sure if he was in it. Do you like him?
Great, I will add it to my watch list. Enjoy!
Andy Weir wrote The Martian and The Egg.
The Martian was a great movie. It was written by Andy Weir, who also starred in Toy Story 3.
Yes, it was. It was released in 2012.
If you like disaster films, you might also like The Fault in Our Stars. It was written by Tony Akins.
You're welcome.
Yes, he plays for the Manchester United F.C. soccer team. Do you like soccer?
I don't know if he is a brother. I do know he is a football player.
Yes I do. He is married to Maria Sharapova.
You're welcome.
Super * is a Thriller starring Zach Galifianakis. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure. J.J. Abrams also wrote The Time Traveler's Wife and The Last Samurai. Have you read them?
You're welcome.
Powers Boothe starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and the Avengers. Have you seen them?
Yes, he was in Hatfields and McCoys. He was also in The Last Samurai.
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Substitute.
Tim LaHaye wrote The Time Traveler's Wife and The Continuing Drama of Those Left Behind. Have you read those?
I'm not sure, but it was released in 2001.
You're welcome, I hope you like it!
Sure, Rupert Wyatt directed The Gambler, The Gambler, and The Gambler. Have you seen any of those?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She also wrote Pride and Prejudice.
Yes, he wrote Ray Winstone which is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller?
I'm not sure but it is a comedy
You are welcome. Have a great day.
Do you like I Am Legend because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
I do not know who starred in Cinderella Man.
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Client. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
II nome della rosa was written by II nome della rosa.
Yes, it was released in 1980 and was written in English.
Yes, I do. It was written in English and released in 2011.
Taylor Hackford starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Ray Charls starred in The Matrix Reloaded and in The Matrix Reloaded.
I don't know when it was released.
I highly recommend The Fault in Our Stars. It's a biographical film.
Yes, it was written and produced by Jon Krakauer. I'll add it to your watch list.
She starred in Gran Torino directed by Clint Eastwood.
Yes, he wrote Gran Torino and it is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
I'm not sure who directed Gran Torino but I do know it was directed by Clint Eastwood.
Yes, The Phantom Tollbooth is written by Norton Juster. Have you seen it?
Yes, The Phantom Tollbooth is written by Norton Juster.
It's genre is fantasy and film. Do you like fantasy?
I have not, but I can tell you it is a fantasy/adventure film.
I don't know too much about him, but I know he plays for the India national cricket team.
I don't know any other players, but I do know she is a cricket player.
Yes, he was born in Mumbai and is quite beautiful.
Kahili Gibran wrote Memoria de mis putas tristes.
I don't know about that one, but I do know it was written by Kahlili Gibran.
The Prophet is a good one. Another good one is The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you read that one yet?
It looks like he wrote a lot of poetry books. Would you like me to add it to your list?
Yes, The Historian is written by Christopher Nolan and is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Without Fail is another suspense movie written by Lee Child
You should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee
Great, I'll add it to your list.
Yes, I do. It was written by George Lucas. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, it is a great Sci-Fi movie. It was directed by George Lucas, who also directed Star Trek. Have you seen it?
I have not, but I know it was written by George Lucas, and it is a great Sci-Fi Thriller. Have you seen it?
If you like comedies, you might also like The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen that one?
The Bourne Identity is a great book written by Barry Goodman. Do you like his books?
The Bourne Identity is a film and a book written by Nick Cassandra Clare. Are you interested in either of those?
Yes, it was written and directed by Matt Damon and was released in 2002. Are you interested in either of them?
High School Musical 2 is a film starring Matt Damon. It is a Thriller and was released in 2012.
You're welcome.
Yes, she did. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, Jason Flemyng starred in Wild Bill and Welcome to the Punch. Have you seen them?
It is a Thriller/Drama that was released in 2012.
Olivia Williams also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
Yes, he was born in Los Angeles and starred in The Wedding Date.
I don't know anything else about her, but I can tell you she also starred in The Wedding Date.
You're welcome!
They are 4th in their division right now. They are 4th in their division right now.
I'm not sure where they play but I do know they won Super Bowl XLIII.
No I haven't. I'm more of a baseball fan. Do you like football?
Yes, it is a great book written by John Grisham. Are you a fan of his work?
Yes, he also wrote The Pillars of the Earth.
Yes, he did write The Whistler.
You're welcome.
Home Alone is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, she was. She also starred in The Princess Diaries. Have you seen that one?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about him, but I know he is an athlete that plays cricket.
I'm a baseball fan. What about you do you like to watch?
I don't know anything about Avischandran. I don't know much about them. I don't know much about them either.
Yes, Jumper is written by Quentin Tarantino. Are you a fan of hers?
I am not sure but Hayden Christensen starred in I Heart Huckabees which is a horror film.
I like Snow White and The Huntsman. Do you know who starred in it?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Sure, Rupert Wyatt wrote The Gambler, The Gambler, and The Gambler.
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a great Sci Fi movie. Another great Sci Fi movie you might enjoy is World War Z. Have you seen that one yet?
The Mask of Zorro is a horror movie starring Tom Cruise, who also starred in The Dark Knight Rises.
The Mask of Zorro is a Thriller and also starred by Peter Mensah.
Sure! I hope you enjoy!
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Ella Enchanted is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Ella Enchanted is a speculative fiction written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it was the same year as The Two Princesses of Bamarre
ok
Yes, Zora Neale Hurston is an American horrorer who was influenced by William Shakespeare. Are you a fan of horror?
It is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
It was released in 1960 and is a classic.
Do you like Basher Savage because it is a Sci-Fi movie or because it is a Sci-Fi?
Gravity was written by Roland Emmerich and is also a Thriller
Yes, he was in Gravity
You are welcome.
I know that he's a golfer from Dallas, Texas and plays golf. Do you like golf?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a soccer player.
Yes, Fabio Capello was coached by Fabio Capello
Real Madrid C.F is a soccer team coached by Fernando Hierro. Do you like soccer?
I am not a big soccer fan but I do enjoy watching Cristiano Ronaldo play.
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you have a favorite team?
Quantum of Solace was written by William Shakespeare. He also starred in The Rum Diary. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but Tim Pigott-Smith also starred in The Last Samurai which is a comedy.
V for Vendetta is a Romance and Comedy. You might also like The Princess Bride.
You got it. Enjoy!
Sure, Cornelia Funke wrote Inkhheart and Tintenherz. Have you read either of those?
Inkheart is considered a thriller and drama. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I think they're a good team but I'm more of a baseball fan. Do you like baseball?
I didn't know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I haven't. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you like Silence of the Lambs because it is a Thriller or because it is a Mystery?
If you like suspense, you might like Shark Night. It's one of my favorites.
It's a psychological thriller starring Kevin Spacey. It's also a suspense film.
Yes, I do. She is a very talented tennis player. She is also a musician and an actress.
It was released in 2006 and is a basketball team.
Oh, I love that one. I'm more of a tennis fan.
Along Came a Spider is written by James Dashner. Do you like books by him?
It was written by James Dashner
Speculative fiction
he also wrote Xenocide
Alex Cross was released in 2012 and the genre is fiction
your welcome
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit. Have you heard of it?
Seabiscuit was released in 2015 and is in the fiction genre. Do you like fiction?
Seabiscuit was written by Laura Hillenbrand and was released in 1999. It's about a horse.
Yes, Holly Hunter starred in Thirteen which is a Crime Fiction Film. Do you like Crime Fiction?
Yes, she was in that movie. She also starred in The Princess Diaries. Have you seen it?
She's full of suspense. Would you like to hear about other biographical films?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about football but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver. Do you know them?
I like to watch the New Orleans Saints and the New Orleans Saints. Who do you like?
I'm a big golf fan. I'm more of a baseball fan, but I'm more of a baseball fan.
I've never been to a golf game. I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm more of a baseball fan.
Yes, Guillermo del Toro directed Guillermo del Toro and has a genre of Adventure. Do you like adventure movies?
It's a war/drama film. Do you like war movies?
Have you seen the movie X-Men Origins? It's a drama.
You're welcome.
Spectre is a great movie. It was written by James Dashner and starred Scarlett Johansson. Do you like action movies?
Michael Bowen starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen those?
Walking Tall is a comedy-drama film directed by Frank Darabont who also starred in The Matrix Revisited have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
He wrote The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded, and The Matrix Reloaded. Have you read any of these?
Have you seen The Matrix Reloaded or The Matrix Reloaded? They're both good.
Would you like me to send it to you?
He wrote The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark.
The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark is considered a historical novel. It was written by Richard Andrews.
Perhaps you would like Romeo & Juliet by William Shakespeare. He also wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream
You're welcome.
Good Will Hunting is a Thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like Thriller movies?
Yes, I like Matt Damon, he is a great actor. He starred in The Princess Diaries. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Denzel Washington is also a great actor. He starred in The Manchurian Candidate, which is a drama.
I know that he starred in What's Your Number? and The Station Agent. Have you seen those?
It is a comedy-drama film starring Matt Damon and was released in 2012.
You're welcome.
28 Days later is a Psychological thriller starring David Schneider. Do you like thrillers?
Randy Quaid also starred in X-Men Origins and X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
Did you know that Oliver Platt starred in a lot of movies?
I think she's a good tennis player, but I don't know much about her. What about you?
Yes, I am. She's a tennis player. Do you like her?
No, I haven't. Is that a comedy/drama?
Steven D. Levitt wrote The Longest Yard, The Long Kiss Goodnight, and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Yes, Confessions of a Shopaholic is a Shopaholic book written by Paul Kalanithi. Do you like Paul Kalanithi?
He also wrote Shopaholic and also Shopaholic
Sure, he wrote The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded. Have you read those?
Yes, Elijah Wood starred in The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure about that. However, I can tell you it was directed by Rian Johnson.
Justin Lin directed Better Luck Tomorrow and Better Luck Tomorrow. Have you seen those?
Better Luck Tomorrow is a Thriller/Drama. Do you like Thrillers?
Justin Lin is the main actor in that movie.
You're welcome.
Yes, she wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants, The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants, and The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants.
Yes, The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants was released in 2014 and the second Summer of the Sisterhood was released in 2014.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Deborah Harkness wrote The Time Traveler's Wife and The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you read them?
Yes, it is. You should check it out.
The Twilight Saga: New Moon is a great book written by Stephanie Meyer. Do you like her work?
Yes, it is part of the Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn. The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Twilight Saga: New Moon is starring Scarlett Johansson, Rachel McAdams and Rachel McAdams.
Yes, Newt Scamander appeared in the Fictional Universe Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban and the Prisoner of Azkaban
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is a fantasy book.
You're welcome!
Jeffrey Eugenides wrote The Marriage Plot and The Marriage Plot. Have you read those?
Its genre is fiction and was released in 2005
Sure, another great book by Jeffrey Eugenides is The Marriage Plot
Yes, Jeffrey Eugenides also wrote The Virgin Suicides.
You're welcome
Yes, Siobhan Fallon Hogan is an author and he wrote Theobhan Fallon Hogan. Have you read it?
It is a drama/drama. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome.
George Cruikshank wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you heard of it?
Yes, Charles Dickens wrote Oliver Twist. Do you like that genre?
Yes, I have read that one. Did you know George Cruiks wrote Oliver Twist?
You're welcome.
Sure, Kirsten Dunst starred in Wimbledon and Wag the Dog. Have you seen either of those?
If you like Science Fiction Films, you might also like The Time Traveler's Wife. It's a good one.
The Martian was released in 2004 and also stars Jennifer Lawrence. Do you like Jennifer Lawrence?
It was written by Stephen King and starred Scarlett Johansson and was a horror film. Do you like horror genre?
It's more of a thriller, but I don't know much about it. Do you like thrillers?
Xander Berkeley starred in Xander Berkeley, have you seen it?
Sure, you might like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee and Katharine McPhee. It's a thriller.
Yes, it is a suspense film starring Xander Berkeley and was released in 2012.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Godfather was written by Francis Ford Coppola. Do you like Francis Ford Coppola?
The Godfather was written by Francis Ford Coppola, who also wrote The Crucible.
You're welcome.
Forrest Gump starring Tom Hanks is similar to Forrest Gump
Tom Hanks also starred in Larry Crowne which is a Romantic Comedy.
Lost in Translation was written by Sofia Coppola and she also wrote The Virgin Suicides. Do you like her work?
Yes, she did write Somewhere and it's a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that kind of movie?
Yes, and he also starred in The Matrix Reloaded.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Ender's Game is written by Christopher Nolan and stars Tom Hanks. It is a horror film. Do you like horror films?
You might like Zoe's Tale, Zoe's Tale, Zoe's Tale and Zoe's Tale.
Zoe's Tale is starred by Orson Scott Card, who also starred in Zoe's Tale.
I think he is a great tennis player. He was born in Switzerland and plays tennis. Do you like tennis?
I'm not a huge fan of tennis but I do enjoy watching the Olympics.
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
The Baltimore Ravens are a professional football team based in Baltimore, Maryland. Do you like football?
Yes, they are doing well this year as the Super Bowl XLVII and Super Bowl XLVIII.
You're welcome.
Tom Shadyac directed The Nutty Professor, which is a Thriller. Have you seen it?
The Nutty Professor stars Bruce Almighty. It's considered a comedy-drama. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes, Jada Pinkett Smith starred in The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner
You're welcome, enjoy!
Robert Lewandowski is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich and the Germany national football team.
Yes, it is a great movie starring Matt Damon and is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
He also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and X-Men: First Class.
The Wild Card was released in 2014. Would you like to see it?
Sure, hope you enjoy the movie!
Do you like Dead Poets Society because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
You might also like Teen Drama, or Teen Drama.
I'm not sure if he's more a drama writer, but he also wrote The Longest Yard and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Me too! Fiona Stafford wrote Emma. Have you read it?
Emma is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
I don't know what year Northanger Abbey was released. But it is similar to Emma.
Then you might like Emma. It is a classic drama and the next in the series is Emma.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes,brett Ratner directed The Lord of the Rings and The Lord of the Rings.
Rush Hour is a drama directed by Brett Ratner who also starred in X-Men 2.
kelsey grammer has starred in The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded, and The Matrix Reloaded.
I'm not sure but it is a Thriller.
You might like Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee, Katharine McPhee and Katharine McPhee
You're welcome.
11/22/63 was written by Stephen King and released in 2011. Do you like Stephen King books?
The Man in the High Castle is a Drama.
The Man in the High Castle was released in 2011.
You're welcome.
Blood Promise was written by Richelle Mead and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
The next series is Vampire Academy. It was also written by Richelle Mead.
Yes, she also wrote the series Vampire Academy, which is part of a series
I don't know too much about her, but I know she's an athlete in Alpine skiing. Do you like her?
I don't know too much about her, but I do know she is an alpine skier. Do you like ski?
I'm more of a baseball fan. What's your favorite sport?
Sure, Picture of Dorian Gray is a Speculative fiction written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Do you like Speculative fiction?
He also wrote Zoe's Tale and Z for Zachariah. Have you read those?
Yes, it is a speculative fiction.
Yes, that is a good one. I think you'd enjoy it.
Yes, he is an author. He wrote Winnie the Pooh and Now We Are Six. Have you read them?
I am not sure if he starred in The Pianist, but I can tell you he also starred in The Passage. Have you seen it?
The Little Vampire is a horror film that was released in 2001 and also starred Tom Hanks.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like Fight Club because it is a Thriller or because it is a thriller?
It was directed by Steven Spielberg and he also starred in The Puppet Master
You are welcome
Kathryn Bigelow directed Zero Dark Thirty and The Hurt Locker. Have you seen either of those?
She directed The Thin Red Line, starring Kathryn Bigelow. Have you seen it?
Zero Dark is a war film starring Stephen Dillane and Mike Colter and was released in 2012. Would you like to hear about other war films?
You're welcome.
Sure! It was written by Robert Downey Jr. and stars Scarlett Johansson. Are you a fan of his?
If you like thrillers, you might also like Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee.
I don't know, but Kyla Pratt starred in Dr. Dolittle. She also starred in The Matrix Reloaded.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Adam Brown starred in The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug and The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug.
I'm not sure if he is character but I do know he is a musician. He is a musician.
I'm sorry, I don't have access to that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have access to that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on his other movies.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome!
X-men: First Class is a Thriller/Drama that was released in 2011. Do you like Thriller/Drama movies?
you are correct. Zoom stars Leonardo DiCaprio and is also a Thriller.
yes i do and it was directed by Roland Emmerich. you will like it
You're welcome. enjoy the movie.
Yes, Timur Bekmambetov directed and starred in Slumdog Millionaire. Have you seen it?
Night Watch is a fantasy/drama film.
You might like Shark Night, starring Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure who starred in that movie, but I do know it was directed by Timur Bekham.
Yes, he is a soccer player from Colombia. He plays for the Colombia National Football team.
I don't know much about soccer, but I know he is from Santa Marta. Do you like soccer?
I like a lot of dogs. My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks. Have you been there?
Gary Ross is an American film director, director and director. He directed The Three Stooges. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure who starred in it, but it is a comedy-drama. Do you like comedies?
Tobey Maguire is a notable actor. He also starred in Unleashed, which is a comedy-drama.
The Shining is a horror book written by Stephen King. Do you like horror books?
The Shining was written by Stephen King and he also wrote The Mist which is a horror book.
The Shining was released in 2007 and is a speculative fiction book. You might also like the sequel called The Shining.
Yes, he wrote Ray Winstone which is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller?
Zipper is a Crime Fiction Film and The War Zone also starred Ray Winstone. Do you like Crime Fiction movies?
Alexandra Breckenridge also starred in The Princess Diaries and The Princess Diaries.
Yes, he's the Man is with David Cross. It's a comedy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he wrote Das Parfum
Do you like this book because it is a Speculative fiction?
The Wishsong of Shannara is a book written by Patrick Süskind. He also wrote The Year of the Flood.
You're welcome.
Yes, it's a great book written by James Dashner. Have you read any of his books?
I didn't know that. I think Stephen King is a great writer as well as a writer. He wrote The Stand.
Yes, Creepshow is a Thriller and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Cult is a horror film. It's also a Thriller. I highly recommend it.
Great, I'll add it to your watch list.
Lois Lowry wrote The Secret Garden and The Little Friend. Have you read any of these?
It is considered Children's Literature and Children's literature. Do you like Children's literature?
I don't have any other information on that one, but I can tell you that Lois Lowry wrote The Giver, which is a dystopian fiction.
The Cabin in the Woods is starring Kristen Connolly and is a horror film. Do you like horror films?
The Cabin in the Woods also stars Jesse Williams. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he also directed Death Proof. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like it because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Then you might also like World War Z. It's a Action/Adventure movie.
I would recommend World War Z: An Oral History of the Zombie Wars
You're welcome
Stardust is written by Neil Gaiman and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like Neil Gaiman movies?
Yes, he wrote Neverwhere. It's a Fantasy. Do you like Fantasy?
It was written in English and released in 1999. It's considered a thriller and science fiction.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Ayush Mahesh Khedekar starred in Slumdog Millionaire. Have you seen it?
Ayush Mahesh Khedekar starred in Slumdog Millionaire. Have you seen it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, he directed The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen them?
It's a great movie. It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Moneyball is considered a comedy-drama. It's also considered a comedy.
Ella Enchanted is a children's literature book. Do you like children's literature?
You might like Zoe's Tale, Z for Zachariah, and Z for Zachariah.
Zoe's Tale is a Speculative fiction and The Two Princesses of Bamarre is a Speculative fiction.
Yes, The Story of Doctor Dolittle is a Speculative fiction and The Sparrow is a Speculative fiction.
I do not have any information on his Nationality, but I can tell you he also wrote The Last Colony.
I do not have that information, but I can tell you he is a speculative fiction writer.
The Story of Doctor Dolittle is a Speculative fiction.
You too!
Me too! Did you know that he starred in The Christmas Blessing?
Yes, This Christmas is a great movie. I also like the movie A Bug's Life. Have you seen this one?
Gone in 60 Seconds is a great one. Have you seen it?
Yes, he is. Have you seen any of his action movies?
Right he was in The Core. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
500 Days of Summer is a Romantic Comedy starring Matt Damon. Do you like that genre?
Zooey Deschanel also starred in The Princess Diaries. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Are you a fan of Arundhati Roy? She wrote The Godfather and The Godfather.
Dani Alves is a player on the Brazil national football team. Are you a fan?
The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Sure, Orson Scott Card also wrote Xenocide and Xenocide.
Yes, he wrote The Secret Garden and The Little Friend. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it is. It is a Thriller/Drama. Do you like Thrillers?
It is a biography and a biography.
Sure, do you like books written by Rick Riordan, or do you like the author?
Have you heard of Xenocide? He wrote that one.
You're welcome.
Rory Kinnear is an actor who starred in Wilder Napalm and The Thin Red Line.
Sure, Wild Target is a Thriller/Drama that was released in 2012.
Yes, Pierre Salvadori also starred in Wild Target and also in the comedy genre, and also in the comedy genre.
You're welcome.
A.W. Wheen wrote Im Westen nichts Neues in 1929.
It was released in 1929 and is in the English language.
Yes, кранска ака was released in 1929.
Yes, he wrote The Yellow Submarine. Have you read it?
No, I haven't. Is there anything else I can help with?
I don't know when it was released, but I do know that it was a comedy-drama.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Lost in Translation was directed by Sofia Coppola. She also directed Lost in Translation. Do you like her work?
Sure, Scarlett Johansson also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine.
It's a comedy. Do you like comedy?
I don't know who starred in that movie, but I do know it was written by Tom Hanks.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Five People You Meet in Heaven is a self-help book written by Tim Roth. Do you like self-help books?
If you like that genre, you might also like The Five People You Meet in Heaven. It was written by Stephen King.
Utililitarianism was released in 2005 and is in the Fiction genre.
You're welcome.
Sure, Up was written by Pete Docter and stars Sam Elliott. Do you like his movies?
Yes, he did. It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You're welcome!
Chris Penn is an actor who starred in True Romance and The Wild Life.
Yes, he was. He also starred in True Romance.
Sure, he also starred in True Romance. I'm not sure if you've seen it.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Louis Leterrier directed The Transporter and The Transporter. Have you seen those?
Yes, it was written by Erin Morgenstern and released in Fantasy genre.
Yes, he wrote Le Petit Prince. Have you read that one?
It was written by Richard Howard and released in 1946.
Yes, he was. He also wrote Le Petit Prince.
Sure, Niccol Machiavelli wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories. Have you read either of those?
Yes, he was. Niccol Machiavelli also wrote Niccol Machiavelli and II Principe.
His origin is Niccol Machiavelli
Yes, he is
You're welcome
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Lovie Smith.
I didn't know that. I think he was a linebacker. Do you know who he is?
Yes, he's a great player as well. Do you like him?
I know that he's a soccer player, but I don't know much about him.
I don't know much about that. I know he's a soccer player. I don't know much about him. What's he doing?
I do like American Football. What is your favorite team?
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a children's literature written by William Shakespeare. Do you like children's literature?
It is considered children's literature. Do you like children's literature?
The Looking Glass Wars is a great children's book. It was written by Frank Beddor
The Chicago Bulls are a basketball team owned by Jerry Reinsdorf. Do you like basketball?
Yes, that was a great movie. Did you know that Bill Murray starred in Space Jam? He's a great actor.
Groundhog Day is a great family movie. Do you like family movies?
I'm not sure, but I do know she starred in a movie called Valentine's Day.
It was written by Cassandra Clare and released in 2014.
Cassandra Clare also wrote The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones, City of Ashes, and City of Glass.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like the Whistle Stop Cafe because it is a Speculative fiction?
Yes, and Fannie Flagg also wrote I Still Dream About You.
I do not have that information, but I do know that Fannie Flagg also wrote Into the Wild.
You're welcome!
It is a comedy and was released in 2014. Do you like that genre?
Do you like Suicide Squad because it is a thriller?
I didn't know that. I do know Selma Hayek also starred in The Princess and the Frog.
Yes, Vince Gilligan also wrote Hancock. Have you seen it?
Yes, she is great in that movie. I think you'll enjoy it.
I have not but I will add it to my watch list. Thanks for the info!
You should check it out, it's a drama. It's a great movie.
Yes, M.L Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans and The Half-Blood Prince. Have you read any of these?
I'm not sure but I can tell you it was released in English.
You can try The Invisible Man or The Time Traveler's Wife. They are both Historical Fiction.
You're welcome.
Great, have a good day!
Dreama Walker also starred in Slumdog Millionaire. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure but I can tell you she was also in Sex and the City of Fallen Angels.
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. It was written by Stephen King.
Ocean's Twelve is a horror film starring Matt Damon and is a Thriller. Do you like horror films?
Yes, she did. She also starred in The Princess Diaries. Have you seen it?
Yes, it was written by Robert Mark Kamen and he also starred in The Thin Red Line. Have you seen it?
Under the Tuscan Sun was written by Frances Mayes and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, it is considered a drama.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Bourne Identity stars Matt Damon and is a Thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he also wrote The Bourne Ultimatum and The Bourne Ultimatum
Yes, Matt Damon also starred in The Bourne Identity.
You're welcome.
That book is written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince.
You might also enjoy Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban by J.K. Rowling.
Sure! J.K. Rowling wrote Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, which is also a fantasy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know they are coached by David Platt. Do you like soccer?
Yes, Tom Cleaverley plays for them.
I am not sure but I do know that they play in London.
Sure, he starred in Finding Nemo and Finding Nemo. Have you seen them?
She's been in a lot of movies. She's been in a lot of movies. She's been around a long time. She's been around a long time. She's been around a long time. She's been around a long time.
Yes, he was in Hesher and he also starred in Apocalypse Now.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy!
I don't know much about them. I do know their coach is Jason Kidd. Are you a fan?
I'm a big basketball fan. My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks.
They seem to be having a good season this year. They are 4th in their division right now.
Yes, I do. It's a great book written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King?
The Dead Zone is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I haven't heard of this one. I'm a big fan of thrillers.
He also wrote The Green Mile. Have you heard of this one?
I do. I also like Clive Barker. Have you heard of him?
Great. Have a good day.
Yes, I do. It is a thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like thrillers?
If you like Thrillers, you might like Shark Night. It also stars Nicolas Cage.
I am not sure but it is also a Fantasy Film.
Rhonda Byrne wrote The Secret, The Power, and The Power
Yes, The Secret is a Thriller and The Secret is a Thriller
The Secret is a Thriller, which is a Thriller do you like ?
Sure, I can do that for you.
He starred in The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded, and The Matrix Reloaded.
Yes, J.K. Simmons starred in it as well as The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban. Have you seen those?
Yes, and Arthur C. Clarke starred in Megamind. Are you a Tom McGrat fan?
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie!
Warrior is a horror movie starring Tom Hardy. Do you like horror movies?
Do you like the movie because it is a sports drama?
I'm not sure, but I know he starred in a lot of sports related movies. Is there anything I can help you with?
I'm not sure if he acted in any comedy movie, but he also starred in The Dark Knight Rises.
He directed Cutthroat Island, The Long Kiss Goodnight, and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Yes, it is a Thriller he was in and also starred in The Princess Diaries.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about him other than he's a tennis player. Do you like him?
I don't know much about him but I do know he is from Switzerland
I'm not a huge fan of tennis but I do know he's also an athlete
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom and Billy Boyd. Do you like Fantasy movies?
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski and stars Keanu Reeves. Do you like her movies?
Andy Wachowski also directed The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded.
Andy Wachowski also starred in The Matrix Revisited. Would you like to hear more about that?
Yes, Darren Aronofsky wrote Requiem for a Dream which is a romantic comedy.
Requiem for a Dream is a drama starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Drama movies?
Darren Aronofsky starred in Requiem for a Dream.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Where'd You Go, Bernadette was written by Maria Semple. She also wrote Where'd You Go, Bernadette.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you she also wrote Where'd You Go, Bernadette.
Mad About You stars Seth Rogen, Kate Beckinsale, and Kate Beckinsale. Do you know them?
I'm not sure, but it's a comedy.
Sure, I'll do that right away.
The Town was written by Ben Affleck. Ben Affleck also starred in The Town. Ben Affleck also starred in The Manchurian Candidate.
I'm not sure who starred in it, but I do know it was directed by Peter Craig.
You're welcome.
In Cold Blood was written by Truman Capote and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's in the Romance genre.
Yes he did
You are welcome.
Do you like the author Gillian Flynn or the genre Suspense?
Yes there is. It is a sequel.
You're welcome.
Yes, both are written by Christopher Bigsby.
i do not have any information about that.
Paul Weitz wrote The Golden Compass and The Golden Compass. Have you seen those?
Yes, In Good Company is a comedy starring Matt Damon and was released in 2011. Do you like comedies?
Yes, it is. It is a children's movie. Do you like children's movies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he wrote The Sum of All Fears and The Sum of All Fears.
The Sum of All Fears is an action film.
You might also like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee and Katharine McPhee
Great, I'll add them to your list.
I don't know much about Neymar, other than he's a forward and a forward. Do you like him?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he plays for the Brazil national football team.
No, I didn't see that one. I'm more of a baseball fan.
Yes, he is a great singer and songwriter. Have you heard of him?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he's a singer like Theodore Lesieg. Do you know him?
I don't know a whole lot about electric guitar. But I do know he won a Grammy for his performance.
Yes, he is a German football player and plays for the Germany national football team. Do you like soccer?
I am not a big soccer fan. I prefer American Football. What about you?
I'll have to check them out. Thanks for the info!
Titanic stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like Leonardo DiCaprio?
James Cameron also wrote Avatar. It is a fantasy movie.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I think the New England Patriots will go to Super Bowl XLVIII.
I don't know too much about him, but I do know he is a professional football player
It was written by Stephen King and is a horror film. Do you like horror genre?
The Shining was written by Stephen King and is a horror film. You might also like the sequel called The Shining. It was written by Stephen King.
You're welcome, enjoy!
It was written by Scott Kosar and is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Walter Kirn also wrote The House of Seven Gables and The House of Sand
Yes, it is a thriller.
I'm not a big fan of football, but I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who's your favorite team?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. who is your favorite team?
i have not. live is a great place to go live. have you been there?
i hope you have a good day
yea that was a great year for them. i hope you have a good day
Do you like Mission Impossible because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Vanilla Sky is a Thriller and Tom Cruise also starred in The Last Samurai. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome.
The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency is written by Nicholas Sparks and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I don't know much about him. Is he a quarterback?
I don't know too much about the Seahawks. I know he plays for the Seahawks.
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like comedies?
Sure, he starred in True Romance and The Wild Life. Have you seen those?
Yes, he also starred in The Good Doctor, The Bad Doctor, and the Ugly Truth.
Reservoir Dogs also starred Robert Duvall and Rosario Dawson. Do you like these actors?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I don't know much about them, I'm more of a baseball fan, but I do like the Dallas Cowboys. Who's your favorite player?
I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan.
I don't know much about them, but I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan.
The Client is a young-adult fiction book written by James Dashner. Do you like young adult fiction?
The Client is a thriller and it is written by John Grisham. Have you read any of his work?
Sure! It was written by John Grisham and released in 2012. It is also a thriller.
Yes, he is a good rapper. Do you like him? He's a rapper. He was in 8 Mile.
I agree, he's a great rapper. I like his music. What's your favorite song?
No, I didn't know that. I'm not sure if he was in that one. I'm not sure if he was in that one.
Yes, it was written by Oscar Wilde and is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
There's a movie starring Oscar Wilde called The Importance of Being Earnest. It's a Thriller and was released in 2012.
He also wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Importance of Being Earnest. Have you read any of these?
Nathan Greno starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, he also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
You're welcome
The Half-Blood Prince was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince.
Yes, he also wrote The Casual Vacancy. Have you read that one?
Sure, he was a writer and author. He wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard, and The Casual Vacancy.
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Mist and The Green Mile. Have you read those?
You're welcome.
Sure, Louisa May Alcott is an American author who wrote Little Women, and Little Women. Have you read them?
Yes, that is correct. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You should check it out. It's a great children's book.
He's a soccer player from the Manchester United F.C. team. Do you like soccer?
I don't know what number he plays. Is he a soccer player?
You're welcome
He starred in City of God and City of God. Have you seen either of those?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he starred in City of God.
Sure, Rita Moreno is an American actress who starred in a romantic comedy called The Muppets and The Muppets.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome. Have a good day!
Yes, Andy Tennant directed and produced The Tennant Express. Have you seen it?
You might like Shark Night. It stars Katharine McPhee. It's a thriller.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about them, I'm more of a baseball fan. Who's your favorite player?
I like baseball and baseball. What about you do you like?
I like Serena Williams, but I don't know much about her
John Tiffany wrote The Twilight Series. Have you read that one yet?
Another one by John Tiffany is Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince.
Matthew McConaughey is the main star.
You are welcome.
Yes, it's a great book written by Stephenie Meyer. Are you interested in other books by him?
I'm sorry, I don't have access to that information.
Yes, it is written by Paula McLain and released in 2011.
She also wrote Circling the Sun. Have you heard of that one?
Circling the Sun is a fiction book. Do you like fiction books?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Mitch Albom wrote Tuesdays with Morrie and The Time Traveler's Wife.
Do you like the movie because it's a Mystery movie?
Then you might also like The Handmaid's Tale. It's a family comedy.
It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Oakland Raiders are a professional football team based in Oakland, California. Do you like football?
I didn't know that. Who is the runner up for that Super Bowl?
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. She's a great actress. She was in Valentine's Day and The Lorax. Have you seen them?
Yes, she's pretty good. She's also been in Valentine's Day. Have you seen that one?
The Lorax is a comedy-drama, and also a comedy-drama.
Yes, Judgment Day was released in 2014. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
I'm not sure about the genre but Epatha Merkerson is a Psychological thriller.
I don't know any other Sci-Fi movies but Epatha Merkerson also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine.
Annihilation is a Sci-Fi movie starring Epatha Merkerson, Joe Morton and Epatha Merkon.
You're welcome!
Sure! Do you like Mission Impossible because it is a Mission Impossible movie or because it is a action movie?
Tom Cruise also wrote Mission: Impossible: Impossible: Impossible: Impossible: Impossible: Impossible: Impossible: Impossible: Impossible: Impossible: Impossible?
It was directed by Tom Cruise. He also directed The Last Samurai. Have you seen that one?
Did you know that Tom Cruise starred in a lot of movies? He's a great actor in that movie.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Me too! Did you know that he starred in a movie called Wedding Belles?
Sharon Leal is an American actress who starred in The Yellow Submarine and The Yellow Submarine.
Why did I Get Married is written by Joel Coen and is a romantic comedy.
It is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You're welcome.
Yes, Hermann Hesse is a German author. He wrote Siddharthaun.
Yes, it is. Do you like comedies?
Yes, it is. It is a speculative fiction.
Yes, Ma Long is a table tennis player from China. Do you like table tennis?
I don't know too much about Ma Long. Are you a fan of tennis?
The Last Olympian is written by Rick Riordan and was released in 2009. Are you looking for more books by him or more books by him?
I'm not sure but it is considered a Thriller.
Rick Riordan also wrote The Lightning Thief and The Son of Neptune. Have you read them?
You're welcome.
I think he is a great basketball player, but I don't know much about him. Are you a fan of him?
Yes, Curry is a basketball player. He won the NBA All-Rookie Team of the Year Award.
I'm not sure if LeBron is in a movie but I do know he is a basketball player.
Sure, he directed a favorite of mine, The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen it yet?
It's a romantic comedy
Liam Neeson starred in it
I think he's a good singer, but I don't know much about him. What do you think?
I don't know too much about his career, but I do know he is a singer
I haven't seen it yet, but I'll check it out. Thanks for the info!
I like his son Jaden too! I'm a big fan of his dad's dad.
Luis Suarez plays for the Uruguay national football team.
Yes, the 2012 Olympics is where the 2012 Olympics was.
I'm not sure about the women's team but I do know they won the 2012 Olympics.
Sure, do you like movies starring Tom Hanks?
Forrest Gump starring Tom Hanks is a great comedy. You might also like the movie The Republic of Love.
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest was written by Ken Kesey. He also wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
Yes, he has starred in Star Trek: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader and The Shadowhunter. Have you seen those?
Toxic (Action/Adventure Film) also starred James Duval who also starred in The Last Samurai
Hugh Jackman starred in Toxic as the lead actor
Certainly! Leonardo DiCaprio starred in The Aviator and The Lathe of Heaven. Have you seen either of those?
It's a biographical film starring Robert Downey Jr. and Robert Downey Jr.. Do you like those?
Yes, he did and DiCaprio starred in Wolf of Wall Street. Do you like his movies?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Shawn Levy directed Night at the Museum and Real Steel. Have you seen either of those?
I am not sure who starred in Real Steel, but I do know that Tom Hanks acted in this movie
Yes, Olga Fonda starred in Real Steel
Will do. Enjoy the movie.
Yes, I do. It's a great movie starring Tom Wilkinson. Do you like him?
Yes, I did. He also starred in The Princess Diaries. Have you seen it?
You might also enjoy The Manchurian Candidate starring Dorian Missick. It is a great movie.
You too!
Yes, Nicola Kraus wrote The Nanny Diaries. Have you read it?
Yes, it is. She also starred in The Princess Diaries. Have you seen it?
If you like Thriller, you might also like Shark Night. It's a thriller.
Do you like books written by Jeff Kinney?
You might also like The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary.
Yes, I have read For Whom the Bell Tolls written by Frank Darabont and it is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
To Have and Have Not was also written by Ernest Hemingway. It's a speculative fiction.
Yes it was. That was a great year for books. Have you read To Have and Have Not? It is a great book.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about him, but I know he is a basketball player. Who is he?
Yes, that was a great movie. Did you know Larry Bird starred in Space Jam?
Yes, that was a great movie. Did you know J.J. Adams starred in a lot of action movies like Space Jam?
Mahendra Singh Dhoni starred in Hook Ya Crook and Hook Ya Crook. Have you seen them?
They are Cricket and Cricket. Do you like Cricket?
The National Team was written by Mahendra Singh Dhoni and he also plays cricket.
She wrote Mansfield Park, have you read it?
Kathryn Sutherland Mansfield Park was written by Tony Gilroy. Do you like the author or the genre?
Pride and the Prejudice is a great book. Aside from being a writer, Kathryn Sutherland is also a star.
You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote many famous novels including Romeo and Juliet and A Midsummer Night's Dream.
I don't know any similar to Romeo and Juliet, but I do know that Leonardo DiCaprio is in the Romance genre. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he wrote The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded.
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy The Devil Wears Prada. It is a great book.
I'm not sure, but it was released in 1960.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Rupert Graves was in A Waste of Shame and A Waste of Shame. Have you seen those?
Sure, Alfred MacAdam wrote The Time Machine and The Invisible Man and Northanger Abbey Abbey.
The Time Machine was released in 2008. Would you like me to send it to you?
You're welcome, enjoy!
It was written by Laini Taylor and released in 2011.
Yes, she did. She also wrote The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban
I don't know that one, but I do know that Stephanie Perkins starred in the movie The Secret of My Life.
I don't know much about Pete Carroll but I do know they are coached by Pete Carroll.
I don't know too much about them, but I do know they are coached by Pete Carroll.
I don't know too much about the Seahawks, do you know who the coach is?
The Thirteenth Tale is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Then you might also like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee and Katharine McPhee.
You're welcome!
Sure, he directed Snatch, which is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Guy Ritchie wrote Snatch which is a Comedy. Have you seen it?
Yes, The Truman Show is a great Sci-Fi Thriller starring Jim Carrey. Do you like Sci Fi movies?
Ed Harris is a great actor. He starred in The Truman Show and The Silence of the Lambs. Have you seen those?
Yes he did. Steven Naifeh also wrote The Green Mile. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
Adele has written a lot of books. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
I don't know any other tracks from that album, but I do know Cowbell is a singer.
I don't know any other artists who are known for their music, but I do know she has a song called Happy Gilmore.
I'm not sure who directed it, but it is a good movie.
V for Vendetta is a good one. Have you read V for Vendetta?
V for Vendetta has genre Science Fiction. It was written by David lloyd and is a thriller
V for Vendetta was written by David LLoyd and it is in the Fantasy genre.
V for Vendetta has a genre of Thriller and Drama.
I'm not sure who produced it, but I can tell you it was produced by David Ayer
You're welcome.
I know they are a football team based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Do you like football?
I don't know much about Mike Tomlin, but I do know he is from the United States
I have no idea where Steve James was born.
Kazuo Ishiguro is an actor and author. He starred in The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban
It is a thriller
I'm not sure who directed it, but Kazuo directed the movie
It was also written by Roberto Orci
You're welcome
Sure, Gattaca is starring William Lee Scott. He also starred in The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure about the characters in Oblivion, but I can tell you it is a Thriller.
Great, I'll add it to your list.
You're welcome.
Yes, I love Alien movies. Aside from being a writer, Alien is a great Alien movie. It's a great family movie. Do you like family movies?
Zombieland is a good one. I also like The Last Samurai. Have you seen that one?
I haven't seen that one, but I'll check it out. Thanks for the information.
You're welcome.
That was written by C.S. Lewis and released in 1951. Are you interested in other books released in 1951?
The Weight of Glory is a fantasy novel written by C.S. Lewis and released in 1949.
It's a romance novel written by Jennifer Weiner and released in 2001. Do you like romance novels?
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, it was written by Elizabeth George Speare.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he is an author. He wrote The Fault in Our Stars. Have you read it?
They were released in 1946 and are you a fan of French literature?
Yes he also wrote The House of Sand and The House of Sand.
Yes, Nesitelná lehkost was written by Milankundera and released in 1984.
Yes, Milan Kundera is from France. He wrote The Unbearable Lightness of Being.
Drel Kameraden is a writer, poet and author. He was born in Lyon.
You're welcome.
Steven Soderbergh directed The Goonies. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure, but Ocean's Eleven was directed by Steven Soderbergh. Steven Soderbergh also directed and starred in Ocean's Eleven.
I do not have that information, but I can tell you it is a satire movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Saving Private Ryan was written by Tony Gilroy and starred Scarlett Johansson. Do you like the movie or the author?
It was a war film and a war film was directed by David Ayer. Do you like War films?
Steven Soderbergh starred in The Maze Runner and The Maze Runner.
It was written and directed by Steven Soderbergh. Steven Soderbergh also wrote Ocean's Eleven.
Yes, Topher Grace starred in that movie as well.
That's a great team. Do you like them because they are a basketball team?
The Toyota Center is a historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
Have you been to the Toyota Center? It is called as building.
Juno is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, she also starred in Death of the Star Trek series. Have you seen it?
Valerie Tian also starred in The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. She also starred in The Last Summer (of You and Me).
Yes, Jess Harnell starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure but I can tell you Wreck-It Ralph was released in 2012.
She starred in Wreck-It Ralph. She also starred in Wreck-It Ralph.
Yes, he is. He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on another movie.
Yes, I love Pink. It was written by Neil Gaiman and it is a great movie.
Get the Party Started is a Pop/Pop song by Pink. Do you like Pink?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
He directed and starred in Remember Me, My Love is a great movie.
The Pursuit of Happyness has a genre of Comedy. Would you like to know more about it?
Will Smith starred in The Pursuit of Happyness and Seven Pounds. Would you like to know more?
Yes, he did and it was directed by the same director as Will Smith.
Then you might also like The Pursuit of Happyness, which is a biographical film.
Twilight was written by Stephenie Meyer and he also wrote The Chemist. Have you read that one?
Yes, John G. Avil starred in The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen those?
The Karate Kid was directed by John G. Avil and he also directed The Killing. Have you seen it?
Yes, he also wrote Go Set a Watchman which is a drama.
Steven D. Levitt wrote The Sum of All Fears and The Sum of All Fears. Have you read them?
Global Cooling was released in 2012.
It was written by Steven D. Levitt and released in 2009 and is a thriller.
Yes, he wrote Principle Centered Leadership and The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People.
It's a self-help book written by Stephen R. Covey and is a self-help book.
You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote The Marriage Plot. Have you read it?
No, I haven't read it yet. Do you enjoy Mysteries?
Yes. Jeffrey Eugenides was born in Washington, USA. He was a writer and author.
Mysteries is written by Jeffrey Eugenides. He is a great author.
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo was produced by Jeffrey Eugenides. You might also like his book The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
You're welcome.
Terry wrote Wyrd Sisters, Witches Abroad, and Witches Abroad.
He wrote The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones
The Antipope is a horror novel
You are welcome
Sure. Bob Gunton starred in Wilde Salome, The Mask, and The Mask. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, it is a thriller starring Paul Walker and Jason Statham. Do you like thrillers?
Sure, he also starred in XXX and XXX.
I'm not sure but The Chronicles of Riddick also has genre Science Fiction as well as The Maze Runner
Yes, Pitch Black was written by Radha Mitchell and he also starred in Apocalypse Now.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he directed The Sworn Sword and The Mystery Knight. Have you seen those?
Andrew Niccol directed Lord of War and In Time and he also directed Lord of War
You're welcome
District 9 is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, that was directed by Steven Spielberg. Are you a Spielberg fan?
He also wrote The Invisible Man and The Invisible Man. Have you read them?
I don't know if he is from. However, I do know he was born in Killeen.
Yes, Jhumpa Lahiri wrote The Namesake and The Namesake
It was written in English and released in 2008. It is considered a fantasy novel.
Jhumpa Lahiri also wrote The Namesake and The Namesake.
Great! I hope you enjoy!
You're welcome.
Yes, it was written by Shawnee Smith and stars Shawnee Smith. Do you like her work?
The Blob is a horror movie. I'm not sure if it's a horror movie. Is that what you're looking for?
It's a great movie with Sam Shepard. It's a Thriller and was released in 2012.
You got it! Enjoy!
Max Brooks wrote The Theory of Everything, which is a speculative fiction book.
The Zombie Survival Guide: Complete Protection from the Living Dead is a similar book to Max Brooks.
Sure, it was released in 2006, and is in the Fantasy genre.
Sure, I'll do that right away.
Brian Thompson starred in The Terminator and The Order. Are you a fan of thrillers?
Brian Thompson starred in The Terminator, The Order, and The Order. Have you seen any of those?
I am not sure but I can tell you it is a sci-fi/drama movie.
You're welcome
Do you like Gone Girl because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
I am not sure, but Sela Ward starred in The Stepfather. She is a great actress.
The Stepfather was released in 2011.
You're welcome.
Sure, he directed The Terminator and The Order. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, he is a slasher director and a director. He also directed The Last Samurai. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
She wrote The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban. Have you read either of those?
Yes it is. Anything else I can help you with?
I'm sorry. What else can i answer for you?
It's a great book written by James Dashner. Do you like his work?
Charlize Theron also starred in a movie called Valentine's Day.
Tye Sheridan also starred in a movie called Valentine's Day which is a romantic comedy.
Shaun White is a snowboarder. He's a snowboarder. He's been around for a long time. Are you a fan of snowboard?
Yes, Rashida Jones starred in Friends with Benefits, have you seen it?
I don't know, but I do know he starred in Friends with Benefits.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Another book written by J.K. Rowling is Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince.
You're welcome.
I think he's a great singer, but I don't know much about him. What do you think?
I'm not much of a fan of his music but I do know he's a singer like Tobey Maguire. Do you know him?
Yes, he is. I'm not sure if I'm going to listen to his music.
Sure, Dan Gilroy wrote and directed Angels & Demons, which is a romantic comedy.
It is a Thriller/Drama that was released in 2014
Yes, Superman Returns is written by James Dashner. Are you a fan of his work?
It's a great movie. It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You should check it out. It's a great movie.
Would you like me to add it to your library?
The Shawshank Redemption was written by Stephen King and stars Morgan Freeman. Do you like Stephen King movies?
The Shawshank Redemption was written by Stephen King and he also starred in The Green Mile.
You're welcome.
Sure, Peter Cushing starred in Twins of Evil. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure who directed Twins of Evil, but I can tell you it is a horror movie.
You're welcome.
I think he's a good quarterback but I don't know much about him. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about that movie, but I do know it was written by David Beckham.
I'm not a big fan of his films but I do enjoy American Football.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is an athlete that plays golf.
I don't know much about him but I do know he's a golf player. I think he's a good athlete.
Oh, I didn't know that. I don't know much about Tiger Woods. I'm more of a baseball fan.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver. Do you like them?
No, I didn't know that. I think Mike Tomlin is a great coach.
Yes, he is. Do you like any other teams in the NFL?
Bruce Almighty was written by Steve Oedekerk, who also starred in The Matrix Revisited.
Okay, if you like Morgan Freeman, you might also like The Year of the Flood.
Levity is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller?
Kirsten Dunst is a great actress. She starred in The Wedding Belles, which is a comedy.
Great, I'll add it to your watch list.
Great! Have a great day!
Yes, Ros Ballaster wrote Sense and Sensibility.
Ros Ballaster also wrote Sense and Sensibility, have you seen that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he is a speculative fiction writer. Do you like speculative fiction?
The Last Lecture is a non-fiction book written by Jeffrey Zaslow. It was released in 2001.
Yes, if you like self-help books, you might also like The Portable Atheist or The Portable Atheist.
You're welcome.
Yes, Saina Nehwal is a professional badminton player from India. Are you a fan?
Yes she did and she was also in the 2012 Summer Olympic games.
I am not sure but I do know she is an athlete
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in The Matrix Reloaded and in The Matrix Reloaded.
Yes, Ryan Gosling starred in it as well. It's a comedy-drama.
Yes, it was directed by him. He also directed The Princess Bride. Have you seen it?
Yes, I do. She's a great actress. She's written a lot of children's books. She's written A Thousand Splendid Suns, and A Thousand Splendid Suns. Have you read them?
Some Waters is a Fantasy and Children's Literature.
Yes, Will Grayson is a young adult fiction book. It was written by John Green.
Do you like Edgar Wright's work because it is a thriller?
Edgar Wright directed and starred in The Tempest, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome.
Apocalypto is a horror film starring Matt Damon and was released in 2012. Do you like horror films?
I'm not sure if he directed, but he also directed The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
Did you know Matrix Reloaded is a Thriller or because it stars Keanu Reeves?
The Matrix Reloaded is a Thriller and starred Keanu Reeves. Do you like Thriller movies?
The Crocodile Hunter also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, World War Z, World War Z and World War Z.
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome.
Yes, Harbhajan Singh is an athlete that plays cricket for the Mumbai Indians. Are you a cricket fan?
I don't know too much about it, I don't really know much about it. I'm more of a baseball fan.
I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Yes, I love her music. My favorite song is Whatcha say. Do you know her?
Yes, she has a lot of emotion in her songs. She has a lot of emotion in her songs. What about you do you like about her?
Yeah, she's from the United States of America.
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest is a great movie he directed. Have you seen it?
I do not know who starred in that movie, but Milos Forman starred in The Muppets.
You're welcome
I think she is a great tennis player, but I don't know much about Serena. Are you a tennis fan?
I'm not a big tennis fan but I know Serena lost to Venus. Do you know him?
He was born in Serena and played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics. He was also in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Jon Favreau starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I don't know much about him. I know he is a soccer player. Is he a soccer player?
I'm a big American Football fan. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. What's yours?
They're 4th in their division right now. They're 4th in their division right now.
Albert Camus wrote L'Estranger and L'Estranger.
L'Étranger was released in 1867 and in the English language. It is considered a classic.
I do not know any other books released in 1942, but I can tell you The Story of Doctor Dolittle was also released that year.
You're welcome.
Lauren Oliver wrote Winter's Tale. Have you read that one?
That's right! It was written by Emily Watson and is a speculative fiction book.
I'm not sure about that one, but I can tell you it is a fiction novel.
Herman Melville wrote Moby Dick and The Whale. Have you read either of those?
Moby-Dick is a historical period drama. It was released in the 1970's.
You might also enjoy the book The Crucible. It was written in the same genre as Moby-Dick.
Emily Bronte is the author of Agnes Grey
Good in Bed was written by Jennifer Crusie. She also wrote a book called Insurgent.
That was written by Jennifer Crusie. It is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button was written by Richard Kelly.
He starred in The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded.
The Matrix Reeves starred in The Matrix Revisited also starring Keanu Reeves
The Matrix Reeves also starred in The Matrix Reloaded as well as The Matrix Reloaded.
Things Fall Apart was written by Chinua Achebe and is in the Crime Fiction genre. Do you like Crime Fiction?
Yes,The Simple Truth is by Rebecca Wells
It was written by Thomas Christensen and released in 1989. Are you interested in other books by this author?
It is written by Thomas Christensen and released in 1989. Have you read it?
The Stories of Eva Luna was released in 1989 and was written in English.
J.M. Barrie wrote The Lord of the Rings and The Lord of the Rings. Have you read any of those?
Peter Pan was written in 1895.
It was written in English and released in 1904.
Certainly! Enjoy!
Yes, she wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. Have you read that one?
Where We Belong is a romance novel
Emily Giffin wrote Where We Belong
Donnie Darko is a Thriller starring Seth Rogen and it is a Thriller. It's a Thriller and is a Thriller.
Yes, he did. He is a great actor. He also starred in A Bug's Life.
Yes, he is very versatile. He's also a producer and a director.
I don't know much about his music, but I do know he is a singer.
I like Nothing but the Beat. Do you know if he is a good DJ?
I like synthpop as well. Do you know he is a singer?
Yes, Insomnia is a horror film starring Matt Damon and is a Thriller. Do you like horror films?
Al Pacino also starred in Scream 4 which is a horror film. You might also enjoy that.
Estelle Parsons also starred in The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure, but I can recommend another movie he starred in called Wilde Salome.
Yes, Herman Melville wrote Moby-Dick and The Whale.
It was written by Herman Melville. It is a speculative fiction.
Well, if you liked that novel, you might also like The Time Traveler's Wife. It's a classic.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You too!
Rise of the Planet of the Apes is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Tyler Labine also starred in The Affair and Return of the Planet of the Apes
I'm not sure, but I do know that it is a comedy/drama.
22 Jump Street is a Thriller starring Kathryn Bigelow. It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Channing Tatum also starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
She also starred in The Mists of Avalon which is a comedy.
You're welcome.
Yes, he is a great author. He wrote To Have and Have Not, The Sun Also Rises. Have you read it?
The Sun Also Rises is a thriller and The Old Man is a mystery.
Hugh Jackman also starred in The Sun Also Rises and The Old Man
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Mila Kunis is an author who wrote The Book of Mormon and The Book of Mormon.
Sure, she also starred in The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen any of those?
I'll add them now. Enjoy!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it is a great book written by Roald Dahl. Do you like young adult fiction?
Watchers was written by J.K. Rowling and is a horror novel. Do you like horror books?
I haven't read Crash, but it's a great book. It was written by John Scalzi and is considered a thriller.
I think she's a great singer. Did you know she is also a singer?
Yes, I like that movie. She is a great singer and actress. Do you like her music?
I'm not sure, but I know she starred in a romantic comedy called Valentine's Day.
Yes, I do. It was written by Sean Penn. Do you like Sean Penn?
It's a biographical film. It was directed by Sean Penn. You should check it out.
Great, he is a great actor. You should check him out. He was also in Into the Wild.
Yes, he is an Indian international cricketer from India. Do you like cricket?
I am not a cricket fan but I know he was born in Delhi.
I don't know too much about him, but I know he is a good player
Nicola Kraus wrote The Nanny Diaries. Have you read it?
Yes, The Nanny Diaries was adapted into a movie and a comedy. Do you like comedy?
It was released in 2002 and starred Jennifer Lawrence. Do you like her movies?
You're welcome. Enjoy the books!
Sure! Rainbow Rowell wrote My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories, Landline and Eleanor & Park. Have you read them?
Yes, Rainbow Rowell also wrote The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you read it?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it was released in 2014.
Are you interested in movies starring Christian Bale?
Yes, it is. He also starred in The Princess Diaries.
No, I don't know that. Is that the one with Batman in it?
Yes, he was.
He's a basketball player and plays point guard for the Golden State Warriors. Do you like basketball?
I'm not sure of any basketball movies. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Michael Jordan is from New York City and plays the point guard.
A Light in the Attic was written by Shel Silverstein and is a poetry book. Do you like poetry?
Yes, she did write Where the Sidewalk Ends: The Poems and Drawings of Shel Silverstein and Drawings of Shel Silverstein. Shel also wrote The Giving Tree.
Yes, that's a great one. She also wrote The Giving Tree and The Little Friend.
Yes, she did write Where the Sidewalk Ends: The Poems and Drawings of Shel Silverstein. It was released in 1981.
Yes, Harbhajan Singh is an athlete that plays cricket for the Mumbai Indians.
I don't know much about him, but I know he plays for the Mumbai Indians.
Yes, he did. Do you know he is an actor?
Sure, do you like Romance Films?
Runaway Bride is a Thriller and Drama
You're welcome.
Then you might also like Zombieland which is a sci-fi film
X-Men Origins:Wolverine is a great Sci-Fi movie
Yes, she wrote My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories.
My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories is a Fiction Novel. Would you like to read it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
He's been in a lot of movies. I'm not sure if he acted, but he was also in Zombieland. Have you seen that?
Abraham Verghese wrote The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you read it?
It was released in 2014. It is a fiction book and a biography.
He also wrote When Breath Becomes Air and Cutting for Stone.
You're welcome
Do you like books written by Nicholas Sparks? He also wrote Walk to Remember.
Two By Two is a good one written by Nicholas Sparks.
Yes, he directed The Constant Gardener which is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Constant Gardener is a Thriller/Drama released in 2012. It's a Thriller/Drama that was released in 2014.
I don't know anything else about her, but I can tell you she also starred in The Princess Diaries.
I'll add them now. Enjoy!
I don't know much about him, but I know he is a basketball player. Are you a fan?
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you do you like to watch?
I'll have to go there. Thanks for the info!
No, I have not, but willsmith is a great actor. He starred in The Crucible. Have you seen that?
It's a comedy starring Will Smith. You might also like The Time Traveler's Wife.
Yes, he also starred in a movie called Valentine's Day. Have you seen it?
Lois Duncan also wrote The Jungle Book and he also starred in The Jungle Book
Andres Iniesta is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Barcelona and the Spain national team.
He is a forward and he is also a forward.
I agree that Lois van Gaal is a soccer player. do you like soccer?
He is a great defender and he is also a good player
Sure, do you like it because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Madagascar is a great animated movie. Two of my favorites are Toy Story 3. Have you seen it?
Ice Age stars Jada Pinkett Smith and Josh Brolin. It's a comedy-drama.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, she starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Yes, it is a crime drama. Do you like those kinds of movies?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you other movies Kate Winslet starred in; The Princess and the Frog, and The Lady in the Lake
You're welcome!
Yes, Sylvester Stallone directed The Sworn Sword. Have you seen it?
Arnold Stallone also starred in The Mists of Avalon and the Forest House.
Great, I'll add that one to your watch list.
Yes, she is. She also starred in The Matrix Reloaded which is a psychological thriller.
The Lucky One is written by Nicholas Sparks and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Will Fetters also wrote The Secret Life of Bees and The Little Friend
Remember Me was released in 2005
You're welcome
She wrote The Search and it was released in 1943.
It is considered children's literature and was released in 1943.
Sure, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn is a book called A Tree Grows in Brooklyn. Would you like to read it?
Yes, it was written by Max Brooks and he also wrote Zombie Survival Guide: Complete Protection from the Living Dead.
The Zombie Survival Guide: Complete Protection from the Living Dead is a good one by Max Brooks. It was released in 2006.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on any other Zombie stories.
Great! I hope you enjoy!
Yes, Daniel Keyes wrote The Two Towers and The Two Towers.
I don't know much about it, but I do know that it is a speculative fiction
The Witch of Blackbird Pond is a great book
Yes, I like Serena. She's a great tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Yes, she is. She also starred in Serena's Hair Show.
Yes, she was in Terminator Salvation. Did you know that Serena starred in the movie?
I'm not a big fan of her music but I do like her song Whatcha say. Are you a fan of her?
yea what about you? what is your favorite song?
yea she is a pop rock. do you like any other hip hop artists?
Yes, he won the 2012 PGA Championship and the 2012 PGA Championship. Do you like him?
Yes, I do know that he is married to Rory Mcllroy. I am not a big golf fan either.
V for Vendetta is starring Stephen Rea, who also starred in Wreck-It Ralph
Yes, it was written by Tennessee Williams and was released in 1947. Are you a fan of the book?
Yes, he also wrote A Streetcar Named Desire. Have you heard of that one?
I don't know much about the works, but I do know that A Streetcar Named Desire was written by D.H. Lawrence as well.
You're welcome.
Jumper is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
He also directed The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen those?
It's a drama and a crime drama. Do you like those kinds of movies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about them, I know they are a sports team. Are you a sports team?
I don't know much about soccer, but I know it was coached by Louis van Gaal.
Sure, he starred in Wristcutters: A Love Story, and The Rum Diary. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, it is. It's a family movie and a comedy. Do you like that kind of movie?
Where'd You Go, Bernadette was written by Maria Semple and released in 2012. She also wrote Where'd You Go, Bernadette.
I don't know a film, but it was written by Maria Semple. Have you heard of her?
She also wrote Where'd You Go, Bernadette.
You're welcome!
Yes, he directed a lot of action movies. Would you like to hear about some of them?
Then you'd like to hear about some of the movies he's starred in such as What's Eating Gilbert Grape and The Time Traveler's Wife
Have you heard of The Mist? It's a Thriller.
Real Steel is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Sure, he also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and X-Men: First Class
I am not sure but I do know that he is a director as well
You're welcome enjoy!
Rickie Fowler is a professional golfer from Murrieta. Do you like golf?
I am not sure but I do know Rickie Fowler is from Murrieta.
I am not sure but I do know Rickie Fowler is an athlete who plays golf.
Vin Diesel starred in XXX and XXX. Have you seen any of those?
The Chronicles of Riddick is a Thriller and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Weekend is a romantic comedy starring Tom Hanks. Do you like romantic comedies?
Yes, she is a friend of Taylor Swift, but I don't know too much about her. What about you?
Yes, she was in Valentine's Day. She's a great actress.
craig Raine wrote The Lord of the Rings and The Two Towers.
Lolita is a Tragicomedy. Do you like that genre?
It was written in English and released in 1955. It's about a girl who meets a girl who meets a girl who falls into a tree.
I don't know much about Infinite Jest, but I do know it was written by Craig Raine.
I don't know too much about it, but I do know it was released in 1955.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in The Road to Little Dribbling. Have you seen that movie?
Tom Hanks also starred in That Thing You Do. Have you seen it?
Yes, he also wrote That Thing You Do. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
I do! He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
The Manchurian Candidate is a drama and a Thriller as well as a psychological thriller. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes, Denzel Washington was in Safe House. He also starred in A Christmas Carol which is a comedy.
Tom Clancy wrote The Sum of All Fears and The Sum of All Fears. Have you read those?
I have not, but James Earl Jones also starred in The Sum of All Fears. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure if it is on NetFlix, but it is a comedy/drama.
Rosario Dawsom starred in the Wedding Belles and the Wedding Belles. Have you seen those?
Rosario Dawsom starred in The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories.
It is a crime drama. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Yes, Rosario Dawson starred in Zookeeper. She also starred in The Princess Diaries. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
I know they are coached by David Platt. Do you like them?
Yes, he is. Are you a football fan?
Yes, Dominic Monaghan is from there.
Sure, Jean-Pierre Jeunet directed and starred in a few movies. Would you like to know more about those?
Micmacs was directed by Jean-Pierre Jeunet. He also directed Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, he wrote The Sicilian and The Last Don. Have you read either of those?
I'm not sure about that one, but I can tell you it was released in 1998 and is in English.
You're welcome.
Persuasion is written by Jane Austen and was released in 1817.
Yes, Jane Austen also wrote Persuasion. She also wrote Persuasion.
Yes, Jane Austen also wrote Sense and Sensibility and Persuasion. Have you read either of those?
You're welcome, enjoy!
No, I am not. I know he's a rapper and songwriter.
I know he is married to Hayden Panettiere
I am not sure who starred in Black Panther but I do know it was written by David Ayer
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Vladimir Nabokov. He also wrote Lolita.
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was released 2011. what else can i answer for you?
yes Waterfall was released 2011. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
Yes, Alice Walker wrote The Temple of My Familiar and The Color Purple
Yes, Temple of My Familiar is a horror novel. Do you like horror?
Yes, she is a poet.
Do you like Troy because it's a Troy movie?
Troy was produced by Steven Spielberg, who also produced and starred in Troy.
I think he's a great singer, but I don't know much about him. What do you think?
Yes, it is. Mark Zuckerberg is a great actor. Do you like his acting?
That's a great tv show. I'm not sure if that's true.
Yes, it is a great movie starring Tom Hanks. Are you a fan of him?
Yes he was in WarGames and You Can't Take Me. Have you seen it?
Cloverfield is a great Crime Fiction Thriller. Do you like Crime Fiction Thrillers?
Yes, that was a great movie. You should check it out, it is a Thriller as well.
Thomas Muller plays football. He's a shooting guard for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like football?
I'm not sure but I do know it was in Germany.
I'm not sure if it was in Africa but I can tell you it was a World Cup.
Are you interested in movies starring Leonardo DiCaprio?
That was a great movie. Leonardo DiCaprio also starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you seen it?
What's Eating Gilbert Grape is a comedy-drama and also a comedy-drama. Do you like comedies?
You got it! Enjoy!
Bobby Farrelly starred in Stuck on You and Stuck on You.
I am not sure but it is a comedy
You're welcome.
Yes, Liane Moriarty wrote What Alice Forgot and Truly Madly Guilty. Have you read them?
He's directed some great movies such as Unkrich: To Kill a Mockingbird, To Kill a Mockingbird, To Kill a Mockingbird, and many more!
Toy Story 3 is a Disney movie. It is a Disney movie. Do you like Disney movies?
Yes, she wrote The Last Summer (of You and Me). Have you read any of her books?
Snow Flower and the Secret Fan is a speculative fiction novel. It was released in 2001.
I haven't read that one, but I think I'll add it to my list. Thanks for the information.
Sure, Rian Johnson wrote The Warrior's Way, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Adventure is Adventure and he wrote Insurgent
I'm not sure who stars in that movie, but I do know it was written by Rian Johnson
Yes, he also starred in The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Steve Ballmer. Do you like them?
Space Jam is a great movie. You might also like Space Jam. It's a Space Jam. Have you seen it?
I didn't know that. I'm more of a baseball fan, but I'm more of a baseball fan.
RED was written by Robert Mark Kamen and stars Scarlett Johansson. Do you like action movies?
Then you'd like to see it, it's a great movie. It's a Thriller. It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he did. Andrew Bryniarski is also a screenwriter and a voice actor.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
I don't know much about her, but I do know she dated a friend to Madonna.
I think she's a good actress. Did you know she starred in a lot of movies?
I didn't know that. I think she is a great actress.
Room is a drama written by Joan Allen. Do you like that genre?
Room is a great Thriller. Another Thriller you might enjoy is Shark Night. Have you seen that one yet?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Have a great day!
The Cleveland Browns is a successful American football team. Their team is coached by Gary Kubiak. Are you a fan?
Yes, they are playing against the Green Bay Packers right?
I'm not a big fan of the Cowboys but I do know they're in the AFC East division.
The Cleveland Browns is a professional American football team based in Cincinnati, Kentucky. The team is owned by Wayne Weaver.
Orson Scott Card is an American novelist who wrote Xenocide. Are you a fan of speculative fiction?
Xenocide is Sci-Fi. Do you like Sci-Fi?
I'm not sure but it was released in 2014 and is in English.
Yes, he did write Lock In and Fuzzy Nation, have you read it?
The Long Goodbye is a Thriller and Science Fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it is a great book written by Philip Pullman. Have you read any of his work?
Charles Dickens wrote The Old Curiosity Shop and The Old Curiosity Shop.
The Old Curiosity Shop is a Social Criticism Novel
Your welcome
Sure! He wrote The Hobbit: The House of Seven Gables and The House of Seven Gables. Have you read any of those?
Sure, it was written by George Orwell and released in 1982. It is a speculative fiction book.
I don't know any other authors, but I can tell you Victor J. Stenger is a great author.
He also wrote The Subterraneans which is a speculative fiction.
Reginald VelJohnson starred in You Again, Wolfen and Turner & Hooch. Have you seen any of those?
Reginald VelJohnson starred in You Again, Wolfen and Turner & Hooch. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, that was the year that released You Are Not So Smart. Have you seen that one?
Bruce Willis also starred in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen it?
Bared to You is a romantic comedy starring Kate Beckinsale and Kate Beckinsale.
Betrayed: a House of Night Novel was written by P.C. Cast and released in 2007. Are you interested in other books by this author?
I'm not sure, but it was released in 2005 and is in English.
Yes, he also wrote Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I think he's a good rapper. Do you like him?
I would definitely try to listen to his music. I am more into a rap person. I am more into a rap person.
Yes, I have. I am a huge fan of the saxophone.
Yes, Bolaji Badejo starred in Alien. Alien also starred Selena Gomez.
He's been in X-Men: Days of Future Past and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
You're welcome!
Divergent was written by Veronica Roth and stars Kate Beckinsale and Kate Beckinsale.
Maze Runner is a Thriller/Drama that was released in 2012.
James Dashner is the lead actor.
You're welcome.
Ravichandran Ashwin is a cricket player from India. Do you like cricket?
Cricket is a popular sport in the U.S. I am not a big fan of it, but I can tell you it is a very popular sport.
I don't know any other players, but I know Ravichandran Ashwin is from India
Toni Morrison wrote The Bluest Eye and The Bluest Eye. Have you read either of those?
Sure. The Bluest Eye is a dystopian novel written by M. Night Shyamalan and is in the genre of speculative fiction.
You may like The Subterraneans and The Ruby in the Smoke.
The Bluest Eye is a novel written by M. Night Shyamalan who also wrote The Subterraneans which is similar.
You're welcome!
Yes, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is a great Thriller. Other thrillers you might like include Shark Night, Shark Night, and X-Men Origins.
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee.
Michael Jackson starred in We Bought a Zoo which is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
You might like The First Man in Black with Will Smith. It's a Thriller/Drama.
Yes, I have. It's a great family movie with Jaden Smith.
John Lennon wrote The Yellow Submarine. Have you read it?
Yes, he did. John Lennon also starred in The Yellow Submarine.
Sure. Is there anything else I can help with?
You got it! I am sure you will love it.
harry lee wrote harry lee, have you read it?
It is a fiction book.
To Kill a Mockingbird is in the genre of fiction.
harry potter and harry potter
A Tale of Two Cities is also a fiction.
You are welcome.
Sure! He starred in Ocean's Eleven. Have you seen it?
It was written by Spencer Johnson and released in 1998.
I'm not sure, but Kenneth H. Blanchard also wrote The Time Traveler's Wife.
You're welcome!
I have not, but I know it was written by Stan Lee and stars Robert Downey Jr. and Robert Downey Jr..
Tropic Thunder is a great movie. He also starred in The Avengers. Have you seen it?
No I haven't, but I've heard of it. It's a good movie.
Sure, he wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you read those?
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
Sure, you can try Zoe's Tale, Xenocide, and Z for Zachariah. Have you read any of these?
Rickie Fowler is an American professional golfer from Murrieta. Do you like golf?
I don't know much about him, but I know he won the 2006 PGA Championship. Are you a fan of him?
Of course, I hope you enjoy it!
I do, would you like me to add it to your favorite list?
Sure! American History X was written by Scott Kosar and stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Are you interested in other films starring Leonardo DiCaprio?
Scary Movie 2 is a drama and a crime movie. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Prison is starring Jada Pinkett Smith. Do you like Drama movies?
Yes, Viggo Mortensen also starred in Unleashed which is a drama.
You're welcome!
Me too! He's a great singer, songwriter, and actress. She's been in a lot of movies. You like her music?
Adam Levine is a great singer and songwriter. He is also a musician and a musician.
Yes, I love that song. It's a good one. I also like his wife Gisele.
I'm not a big fan of his music, but I'm more of a rapper. Do you know who he is?
Terry Gilliam directed The Lord of the Rings. Have you seen it?
Yes, Terry Gilliam directed The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus which is an adventure film.
Tower Heist is a great actor who starred in The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus.
He's been in a lot of adventure films. Have you seen any of them?
It is considered a Sci-Fi/ Adventure film.
You're welcome.
Anthea Bell wrote Tintenherz, Tintenherz, and Le Petit Prince. Have you read any of these?
They were written in English and in English.
Yes, it was written in English and it was released in 2008.
Yes, Anthea Bell did write Cinderella
I don't know much about him, but I know he's a point guard for the Portland Trailblazers.
I'm not a huge fan but I like to watch basketball movies
My favorite player is Lebron James. Do you know him?
Slaughterhouse-Five is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr. and released in 1969.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I have not read Timequake but I have read it.
Sure! He wrote The Art of War and The Art of War. Have you read any of those?
Yes, he is alive. He was born in Sao Paulo. He was also a musician.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Yes, it was written by Stephen Chbosky and starred Stephen Chbosky. Do you like Stephen Chbosky movies?
I didn't see it, but I know it was written by Stephen King and released in 1999. Do you like Stephen King?
If you liked that one, you might also like The Handmaid's Tale. It was also released in 1999.
I don't know much about Serena, but I know she's a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I don't know too much about tennis, but I know Maria Sharapova is a tennis player.
Yes, she won the NAACP Image Image of the Image Image.
Do you like Due Date because it is a Thriller or because it is a Mystery?
Yes, he also wrote Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
It's a Thriller/Drama. Do you like those types of movies?
Steve Jobs is a writer and author. He wrote The Fault in Our Stars. Have you read it?
It was written by Richelle Mead. Are you a fan of hers?
The genre is fiction. She also wrote Little Princess, which is a children's book.
You might like Zoe's Tale. It's a great Speculative fiction.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I don't know much about them, I know they are coached by Fernando Hierro. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about soccer, I don't know much about soccer. I don't know much about soccer.
I'm not sure about Cristiano Ronaldo, I don't know too much about him. What's your favorite team?
Yes, he wrote The Crucible. Have you read that one?
Sure, Erin Morgenstern wrote The Night Circus. Have you read it?
Yes, the main lead in Message in a Bottle is Nicholas Sparks.
It is Message in the Bottle is a romantic comedy.
You should check it out. It's a great book. It was written by William Shakespeare.
Sure, he wrote Romeo and Juliet and A Midsummer Night's Dream. Have you read them?
I'm not sure, but A Midsummer Night's Dream also starred Ozzy Osbourn.
You're welcome!
Sure, Tate Taylor directed The Help, starring Emma Stone and Kate Beckinsale. Have you seen it?
I do not have information about that.
I don't know, but I can tell you she also starred in The Help.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a German football player. Do you like him?
Yes, he plays for the Germany national team. He's a midfielder and defender.
Xabi Alonso is a great player.
I have not read Memoirs of a Geisha, but it is written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
Practical Magic is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I have not, but I will add it to my favorites.
Angela Bassett is a great actress. She's also been in the Harry Potter movies. Have you seen it?
Scott Pilgrim Vs the World is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Thriller movies?
Yes, Zooey Deschanel also starred in X-Men Origins and World War Z.
You're welcome.
Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell. Do you like the author or the genre?
Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell
Yes, L.Frank Baum is an author who wrote The Beautiful Creatures. Are you a fan of his work?
The Secret was written by Sylvia Plath and is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
James Franco is one of the main characters in the book.
Yes, he also starred in The Last Samurai.
Yes, he wrote The Shack
It was released in 2007
2007 is the year that released The Shack
Yes, he's a tennis player from Switzerland. He won the 2012 PGA Championship. Do you like tennis?
I haven't been to a long time, but I haven't been to a long time. I'm more of a baseball fan.
No, I am not a huge fan but I do know he is married to Serena Williams
Sure, Holly Hunter starred in The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded, and The Matrix Reloaded.
I would recommend Thirteen, Saving Grace, Won't Back Down. It's a Thriller/Drama.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I do! It was written by Kiera Cass and was released in 2013. Do you like Kiera Cass' books?
The Elite is a speculative fiction book written by Roland Emmerich. Do you like that genre?
The Elite was released in 2014. Kiera Cass also wrote The Siren and The Siren.
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in We the Living and We the Living. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, I do. Do you like that genre?
Yes voyager is a historical novel. Do you like historical novels?
You might like Zoe's Tale and Zoe's Tale
You're welcome.
Have a good day
Joe Johnston is an actor who starred in a lot of action movies. He's a great actor. He's also a director. He's also a director.
The Wolfman stars Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal. Do you like those actors?
Clive Russell starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and Vampire Academy. Have you seen it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Luis Suarez is a famous Uruguayan professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Barcelona and the Uruguay national team.
I believe Luis Suarez is a player on the Uruguay national football team.
Three Cups of Tea was written by Greg Mortenson
Yes, these books are non-fiction like Three Cups of Tea. Would you like to read them?
It's a non-fiction book. If you're interested in other books by him, you might also like The Life of Pi.
Yes, he is a singer, songwriter, and songwriter. He was born in London and sings English.
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories.
Zoe Leonard is a writer. She wrote The Last Anniversary and The Last Anniversary. Have you read either of those?
Yes, that is a great book written by John Steinbeck. Are you a fan of his work?
He also wrote Travels with Charley: In Search of America and Travels with Charley: In Search of America. Have you read them?
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
Emily St. John Mandel wrote Station Eleven released in 2014. Have you read it?
Station Eleven is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I don't know if there is anything else I can answer for you.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Yes, James Rodrguez is an American professional footballer who plays as a striker for the Colombia National Football team.
I don't know much about soccer, I don't know much about Radamel Falcao, other than he plays for the Colombia national football team.
I don't know much about him, I don't know much about him. Is he an athlete?
Platoon is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Have you seen We Were Soldiers? It's a great Crime Fiction movie.
I don't know of any other movies by him, but I do know that he starred in We Were Soldiers and The Big Parade.
He starred in The House of Sand and The House of Sand. Have you seen those?
Yes, Waris Ahluwalia starred in The Life Aquatic with Seu Jorge.
Waris Ahluwalia starred in The Life Aquatic as well as The Life Aquatic.
I would recommend The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate. Both are great comedies.
The Incredibles is directed by Ian McKellen. Do you like his work?
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy The Incredibles. Have you seen it?
The Firm is a Thriller starring Kevin Spacey. Do you like Thrillers?
The Firm is written by John Grisham. He also wrote The Firm.
Legal dramas you may enjoy are; The Firm, The Negotiator, and The Negotiator.
Yes, he plays for the Brazil national football team.
I am not sure about that. I do know that he is a Midfielder.
I am not a soccer fan but I do enjoy watching it. It's a great movie.
Anthony Burgess wrote The Improbable Adventures of Sherlock Holmes and The Prisoner of Azkaban.
The Improbable Adventures of Sherlock Holmes is a mystery novel written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Do you like mysteries?
A Tree Grows in Brooklyn is written by Betty Smith and was released in 1960.
It is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
A Tree Grows in Brooklyn is a Speculative fiction. Another example of this genre is The World According to Garp.
The Lady in the Lake is written by Nicholas Sparks.
You're welcome.
Yes, Emma is a young-adult fiction novel written by Jane Austen. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Jane Austen also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility
Yes, Sense and Sensibility is a movie starring Jane Austen. Would you like me to play it for you?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it was written by John Green. Are you interested in other books by him?
He also wrote Paper Towns.
It is Young-adult fiction
How about Looking for Alaska? It's a very popular young adult fiction book
Sure, he directed Seven Pounds. Have you seen that one yet?
Yes, he also starred in XXX and in the Chronicles of Riddick.
Yes, Vin Diesel is in the Comedy/Drama category. It is also a comedy.
The Manchurian Candidate is starring Jada Pinkett Smith and Ben Stiller.
Yes, he is the producer of The Manchurian Candidate.
You're welcome.
She wrote The Help. Are you a fan of hers?
It's a drama. Do you like those types of movies?
I don't know what year it was released. But, I know it was written by Icely Tyson.
You're welcome.
Anita Diamant wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days at Ridgemont High. Have you read those?
I'm not sure if she's written anything else, but I can tell you The Last Days of Dogtown is a great one.
The Weight of Water was written by Anita Diamant and its genre is historical fiction.
You're welcome!
Do you like it because it's Sci-Fi or because it's a Fantasy?
Adventure : Film Executive Produced: John Green
I would recommend Adventure : The Bourne Ultimatum : The Bourne Ultimatum
You're welcome.
Yes, The Exorcist is a horror film written by William Peter Blatty and stars William Peter Blatty. Do you like horror films?
Yes, it is a horror movie. Do you like horror movies?
The Exorcist is directed by Peter Blatty
He also directed Seven Pounds
21 Jump Street is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
White House Down was written and directed by David Ayer. Do you like his work?
I don't know much about Channing Tatum, but I can tell you more about The Amazing Spider-Man. Would you like me to send it to you?
I don't know when it came out.
Rise of the Planet of the Apes is a fantasy movie. It was written by Scott Kosar. Have you seen it?
You might like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee. It's also a Sci-Fi movie.
Zombieland is in the same genre as Zombieland. Have you seen Zombieland?
You're welcome.
Sherman Alexie wrote The Lone Ranger and The Last Colony. Have you read those?
I don't know much about any other books by him, but I do know he is from the United States
Yes, it was, and also a part of a series.
Snow White and the Huntsman is a great movie. It was written by John Lee Hancock. Do you like his books?
I don't know what else he starred in, but Snow White and the Huntsman was written by David Ayer.
I'm not sure who directed it, but Snow White and the Huntsman was directed by James Cameron.
Yes, Lana Wachowski directed The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen them?
Lana Wachowski wrote The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded, and The Matrix Reloaded
It was released in 2005 and directed by Lana Wachowski
You're welcome
Sure, do you like Terminator Salvation because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
You might like The Terminator or The Time Traveler's Wife. Both are great Sci-Fi movies.
I do not have that information, but I can tell you it is a Sci-Fi movie.
V for Vendetta is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like those kinds of movies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! He starred in Deadpool and The Transporter Refueled. Have you seen those?
Yes, he is. He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
I'm not sure about Vera Farmiga, but I can recommend some other action adventure movies starring Ed Skrein.
Yes, he also wrote and starred in X-Men 2. Have you seen that one?
Michael Chernus directed it. Do you like him as an actor?
He also directed Man on Fire, which is a Thriller and was released in 2012.
A Knight's Tale is starring Christian Bale and is a Thriller
I'm not sure, but I can tell you more about A Knight's Tale.
you too
Robert Jackson is an American author who wrote The Memory Keeper's Daughter. Are you a fan of his?
Sure! He wrote many famous works such as Romeo and Juliet and A Midsummer Night's Dream. Are you interested in any of them?
Yes, he did. He also wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream, which is a romantic drama.
I think she's a great singer, but I'm not a big fan of her music. What about you?
Madonna's name isn't she? I think she's married to Sean Penn.
Yes, he was married to Sean Penn. I don't know much about him.
The Boston Sox is a professional baseball team based in Boston, Massachusetts.
They were the runner ups in Super Bowl XLVIII and Super Bowl XLVIII.
I'm not a huge baseball fan but I do know that they are a part of the National League East.
Sure, Anne Perry wrote The Improbable Adventures of Sherlock Holmes and The Hound of Baskervilles.
Yes, Thomas Pitt was the author of The Improbable Adventures of Sherlock Holmes
I'm not sure but it was released in 1979 and its genre is fiction
You're welcome
Barry Levinson wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight and The Long Kiss Goodnight. Have you read them?
Yes, he did write Sleepers, did you know he also wrote The Year of the Flood?
I do not have that information, but I can tell you Robert De Niro is a writer and film director
Do you like the movie because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
He also wrote The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded, and The Matrix Reloaded.
Great, he also wrote The Matrix Reloaded, and The Matrix Reloaded.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I think he is a great quarterback but I don't know much about him. Do you like him?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
Tom Landry is a great Quarterback for the New England Patriots.
Stephen Hawking wrote The Universe in a Nutshell, The Universe in a Nutshell.
The Grand Design was released in 2001.
The Universe in a Nutshell was written by Stephen Hawking and The Grand Design was written in English.
Your welcome.
Sure, Jane Eyre wrote The Old Curiosity Shop and The Old Curiosity Shop. Have you read those?
Then you might also like The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you read that one yet?
Sure! Wide Sargasso Sea was written by John Green and was released in 1895. It's considered children's literature.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Do you like books written by David J. Skal?
Captains Courageous is written by Robert Louis Stevenson
Your welcome.
You're welcome
Still Alice is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Thriller movies?
I don't know what else she has written, but Still Alice was released in 2012.
Love Anthony was released in 2014 and is a Psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
You are welcome. Have a great day.
Yes, she starred in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade.
The Last Crusade is a political thriller and drama. Do you like that genre?
If you like adventure films, you might also like The Last Crusade.
You're welcome!
Big Fish was written by John Scalzi and is a Speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Hugh Jackman starred in Big Fish, which is a Thriller/Drama.
Yes, Jon Gunn also wrote My Date with Drew. It is a romantic comedy.
Sure! Ocean's Twelve is directed by Rick Riordan and stars Ocean's Twelve. Are you a Sci-Fi fan?
It was written by Gary Chapman and released in 1990.
Gary Chapman wrote The Five Love Languages: How to Express Heartfelt Commitment to Your Mate.
It's a Thriller and Science Fiction. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy!
I think they are a pretty good basketball team. Are you a fan of basketball?
I don't know much about Detroit Pistons, but I do know they are owned by Steve Kerr. Do you like them?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are 4th in the NBA. They are 4th in their division right now.
Yes, it was written by James Dashner and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
I'm not sure but I do know it was released in 2012
Oryx is a horror story written by James Dashner. It's a fantasy novel.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I have not, but I know she is a tennis player. Do you enjoy tennis?
I'm not sure but I do know that Serena was born in London.
Yes they are. They were born in Floridda. I'm not sure if they were from there.
Peter Bart wrote The Godfather and The Godfather. Have you read either of those?
Yes, he also wrote The Godfather.
Another writer who wrote The Godfather is Francis Ford Coppola.
Zelda Fitzgerald wrote The Godfather. Would you like to know more about that book?
You're welcome.
I think he's a great basketball player, but I don't know much about him. I'm more of a basketball fan.
I don't know too much about him. I'm more of a basketball fan. I don't know much about him.
I don't know much about them, but I do know he is a basketball player.
Venus Williams is an American professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 40 in the WTA singles rankings.
I don't know that, but I know Serena is a tennis player.
Yes, I know she is a singer like Selena Gomez and Selena Gomez.
Do you know who the song is from what I've heard?
I'm not a huge fan of her music but I haven't heard much about her since she's been around for a long time.
I'll have to check that one out, thanks for the info!
Yes, I do. It was written by Dan Brown and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Digital Fortress was released in 2001 and is a thriller.
You're welcome.
John Adams wrote The Temple of My Familiar, which is a speculative fiction book.
John Adams is a writer and author. He also wrote The Year of the Flood.
Yes he is
Yes, From Whom the Bell Tolls is written by Robert A. Heinlein. Are you familiar with his work?
He also wrote In Whom the Bell Tolls.
These books are fiction and children's literature
Thank you!
Yes, Saulius Dagys wrote Tuesdays with Morrie. Have you read it?
It's genre is fiction and was released in 2005
You're welcome.
Sure, she wrote The Joy Luck Club and The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. Have you read either of those?
The Valley of Amazement was released in 2005 and is in the Fantasy genre. Do you like Fantasy?
The Valley of Amazement was released in 2013. Other books released in 2013 include The Valley of Amazement and The Silence of the Lambs. Have you read those?
You're welcome.
He starred in The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded, and The Matrix Reloaded.
He starred in The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded, and The Matrix Reloaded
Yes he also starred in The Matrix Revisited
Kevin Corrigan starred in The Matrix Reloaded.
Cloverfield is starring Kyla Pratt
The Lucky One is a romance novel written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like romance novels?
Shooting the Past is a good one. It's also a thriller.
I don't know anything else he wrote, but he also wrote The Lady in the Lake.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a great movie starring Matt Damon and was released in 2012.
Then you might also enjoy the movie True Romance. It's a Disney movie. It's a Disney movie.
Yes, it's a Disney movie. It's a family movie.
You're welcome.
E.V Rieu is similar to E.V. Rieu, do you like his work?
Frederic Mugler wrote The Manchurian Candidate, The Manchurian Candidate, and The King's Speech.
He wrote The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded, and The Matrix Reloaded.
Yes, Rickie Fowler is an American professional golfer who won the 2012 PGA Championship.
I don't know much about Tiger Woods, but I know he is an athlete from France.
I'm not a Chevy Chase fan but I do know he is an actor and a musician.
Roald Dahl wrote Fantastic Mr Fox and Fantastic Mr Fox. Have you read them?
He also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Have you read it?
The Wonderful Story of Henry Sugar and Six More is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure, Mila Kunis starred in The Book of Eli and The Book of Eli. Have you seen either of those?
Sure! Jupiter Ascending is a comedy-drama film starring Liam Neeson and Morgan Freeman. It was released in 2012.
I'll do that right away.
You got it!
He wrote The Three Musketeers. Have you read that one yet?
I'm not sure of the release date, but I can tell you it was released in 2014.
It was written in English and released in 2005.
Yaphet Kotto starred in Witless Protection. Have you seen it?
Yaphet Kotto is a great actor in that movie. I would recommend World War Z and World War Z.
I'm not sure but Yaphet Kotto was in it.
Sure. Anything else I can help you with?
The Fellowship of the Ring is a fantasy novel written by J.R.R Tolkien. Do you like fantasy novels?
Sure, he also wrote The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings.
You might also like The Lord of the Rings. It was released in 2012.
Sure! Lee Unkrich wrote Toy Story 2, Toy Story 2, Toy Story 2, Toy Story 2, Toy Story 2, Toy Story 2, Toy Story 3 and Toy Story 3.
Robert Duvall and Robert Downey Jr. also starred in Toy Story.
Yes, Tom Hanks starred in that movie as well as Larry Crowne.
I don't know, but I do know that Tom Hanks starred in Toy Story 3.
You're welcome.
Sure! Beatrix Potter wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard, The Tales of Beedle the Bard, and The Sea of Monsters. Have you read any of those?
To Kill a Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee who also wrote Go Set a Watchman.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you more Action Adventure books like To Kill a Mockingbird. Would you like more Action Adventure books?
Then you might like World War Z or The Time Traveler's Wife. They are both great books.
You're welcome.
Sure, it is written by J.K. Rowling and is in the Fiction genre. Do you like that genre?
I am not sure about that, but I can tell you that Maya Angelou is an author of several biographies.
I'm not sure but I can tell you she is a writer as well.
You're welcome.
I know he's a golfer from the United Kingdom and he won the 2006 PGA Championship.
Yes, he's in a relationship with Tiger Woods. Do you know who he is?
I'm not sure about that, but I do know he was in a relationship with Tiger Woods
I'm not sure, but I know Elin Nordegren had a daughter named Seth Rogen.
He starred in Unlawful Entry and The Vatican Tapes
Yes, it is considered a drama and a crime drama. Do you like those kinds of movies?
You're welcome!
Yes, Thomas Lennon starred in Wilde Salome and The Wildest Dream. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, it is a comedy.
What to Expect When You're Expecting is a comedy
Yes, they are one of the best teams in the league right now. Are you a fan of theirs?
No, I haven't. I think Andy Reid is a good coach.
Yes he did and he also coached the Dodgers. Do you like Dodgers?
Independence Day is a sci-fi movie starring Will Smith and Robert Downey Jr.. Do you like sci fi movies?
Yes, you are correct. It was written by Robert Mark Kamen.
Yes, you are correct. Will Smith starred in Seven Pounds, alongside Will Smith.
Sure, Rosario Dawson starred in Seven Pounds, along side Will Smith.
Do you like Mission Impossible II because it is a Action/Adventure movie?
He also starred in The Last Samurai and The Last Samurai. Have you seen those?
Yes, he also wrote The Last Samurai which is a Fantasy film.
It was written by Quentin Tarantino. Are you interested in other books by him?
Thomas Lennon starred in The Yellow Submarine. Have you seen it?
Sure, Reno 911 starred in The Matrix Revisited and also starred in The Matrix Reloaded.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it is a Thriller/Drama.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Sure, The Giving Tree is a Young-adult fiction book written by Giving Tree. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Falling Up was released in 1964 and A Light in the Attic was written by Shel Silverstein. Would you like me to add it to your list?
The Dot was released in 1964 and A Light in the Attic was released in 1985.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Have you read any of the Lord of the Rings?
If you like that genre, you might also like The Giving Tree. It's a mystery.
Have you read The Giving Tree? It's a suspense book released in 1968.
I would recommend: The Very Hungry Caterpillar, written by Eric Carle and released in 1968.
Sure! Mark Twain is an author and a cartoonist. He wrote the Twilight series. Have you seen it?
They are thrillers. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Liam Neeson starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wildest Dream. Have you seen those?
I like dramas too. You should check it out. It's a great movie.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Steve Ballmer. Do you like them?
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you do you like to watch?
I haven't been to a long time. I'm more of a baseball fan.
The Tennessee Titans are a professional football team based in Chicago, Illinois
yes i do. who is your fav player
i do not know much about the Steelers. do you like football?
i do not really know much about the cowboys. do you know who the cowboys are?
i am a big fan of the steelers. do you like any other sports teams?
I don't know much about him, I know he is a soccer player from Spain. Do you like soccer?
I don't know much about Xabi Alonso, but i know he's from Spain.
I don't know much about him. Is he a soccer player?
Yes, he wrote Lord of War. Have you read that one yet?
The Princess Bride is a romantic drama and The General's Daughter is a romance novel
The General's Daughter was released in 2005
You're welcome
Sure, My Sister's Keeper was written by Jodi Picoult, who also wrote The Three Stooges.
The Tenth Circle is a book written by Jodi Picoult and is in the Children's literature genre.
I'm not sure, but I do know it was released in 2008.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Have a great day!
Yes Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet is written by Jamie Ford and is a Fantasy novel. Do you like Fantasy?
Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet is written by Jamie Ford. It is a Historical period drama.
Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet is genre Historical period drama
Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet has genre Fiction as well
She directed Zero Dark Thirty and Zero Dark Thirty. Have you seen those?
Zero Dark Thirty was written by Robert Mark Kamen and is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I'm not sure, but I do know that Stephen Dillane also starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you seen it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
A Confederacy of Dunces is written by Walker Percy and John Kennedy Toole.
It was released in 1980 and is a comedy. Do you like comedy?
Yes, he also wrote The Power of Thinking Without Thinking, which is a comedy. Have you read it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he wrote The Crucible. Are you a fan of his work?
Yes, he also directed and produced The Civil War. Have you seen it?
You should check it out. It's a great Thriller.
Yes, he is a great performer and also a musician. I think you'd enjoy his music.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I am Number Four was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote The Sum of All Fears.
Yes, it is a series. Do you like that genre?
There is a movie based on the book. It is a book released in 2011.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Tragedy of Othello, The Moor of Venice is written by William Shakespeare.
It is considered a historical drama.
Yes, it was adapted into a motion picture.
Yes, she was in Gnomeo & Juliet.
I am not sure, but I can tell you Gnomeo & Juliet is a horror movie.
You're welcome.
Sure, he wrote The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers and The Two Towers. Have you read them?
Yes, it is a drama and starring Stuart Wilson. Do you like drama?
The Age of Innocence also starring Stuart Wilson. Stuart Wilson also starred in The Green Mile. Have you seen it?
To Kill A Mockingbird is starring Robert Duvall
You're welcome
In Bruges was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Tom Cruise. Do you like Tom Cruise?
Sure, he also starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which is a crime movie. Have you seen it?
Sure, The Recruit is a crime movie starring Colin Farrell and Josh Brolin. It was released in 2011.
Do you like the Matrix Reloaded because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you she starred in The Matrix Reloaded. Would you like to hear more about that?
Well, if you like Thriller, you might also like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee.
You're welcome!
She's a great actress. She starred in Seven Pounds and The Bodyguard. Have you seen those?
Yes, it was. It also starred Christian Bale.
You're welcome.
Ralph Steadman is an American author who wrote The Subterraneans. Are you a fan of his work?
Sure! Harvey Kurtzman is an American author who wrote a series of cartoonists and cartoonists. He is also a musician and a musician.
You're welcome.
Yes, I do. It is a speculative fiction written by Robert A. Heinlein. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Valley Girl is a great Thriller, and was written by Christopher Bigsby. Have you seen it?
Yes, he also starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Human Stain to name a few.
I think he is a great basketball player, but I don't know much about him. Are you a fan of him?
I am not sure if he plays for the Lakers but I do know he is a basketball player.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Louisa May Alcott wrote Little Women and Little Women. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it was released in 1838 and is in the Children's literature genre.
Yes, I like Janet Fitch. She wrote White Oleander as well as Paint it Black.
Yes, I love that movie. It was written by Christopher Nolan. Do you like Sci-Fi books?
Yes, he did. The Past through Tomorrow is a science fiction novel. Have you read it?
Yes, that was a great book. The Puppet Masters was written by Robert A. Heinlein and was released in 1961.
The Giver is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Then you might also like Zoe's Tale, Xenocide or Xenocide.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Saving Private Ryan stars Seth Rogen and Bill Pullman. Do you like them?
Tom Hanks starred in That Thing You Do. It is a Crime Fiction movie.
Then you'd love The Manchurian Candidate by Tom Hanks. It's a Thriller like The Manchurian Candidate.
The Shawshank Redemption was written by Stephen King and stars Morgan Freeman. Do you like Stephen King movies?
The Mist stars Morgan Freeman and is a crime fiction. Do you like crime fiction?
The Mist is a crime fiction movie
Sure, Click is a comedy starring Seth Rogen and Kate Beckinsale. Do you like comedies?
Yes, she did, and she also starred in A Bug's Life. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Mark Waters directed The Amazing Spider-Man 2, The Amazing Spider-Man 2, and The Amazing Spider-Man 2. Have you seen any of those?
Yes he was, and he also starred in The Dark Knight Rises.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like Forrest Gump because it is written by Winston Groom or because it stars Tom Hanks?
Tom Hanks starred in Larry Crowne. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome.
You're welcome. Have a good day.
Ursula K Le Guin wrote The Tombs of Atuan and The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you read them?
The Other Wind is a fantasy novel.
Zoe's Tale is written by John Scalzi.
Sure, I'll do that right away.
Yes, it was written by Stieg Larsson and was released in 2005.
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King books?
You're welcome!
Titanic stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like Leonardo DiCaprio?
James Cameron directed The Terminator, which is a Romantic Comedy.
It's considered a drama and a biography.
Do you like Mansfield Park because it is a Speculative fiction?
Terry wrote Wyrd Sisters and Witches Abroad. Have you read those?
I am not sure but Wyrd Sisters is considered a science fiction book.
I'm not sure, but Wyrd Sisters was written by Terry Pratchett
Sure, do you like it because it is an action movie or because it is an action movie?
He's made a cameo in the 2012 film, Pineapple Express. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you Tom Everett starred in The Matrix Reloaded, which is a comedy.
I'm not sure, but I do know that Tom Everett starred in The Matrix Reloaded, which is more of a comedy.
Get Him to the Greek is a great movie. You might also like The Manchurian Candidate, which is a comedy.
The Good, the Bad and the Ugly is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Yes he did and he also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly
Yes, it is a satire and a biography.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Great choice! She wrote Gone Baby Gone which is a great book.
The Dark Knight Rises is a superhero movie. Do you like superhero movies?
You might enjoy The Prestige or The Dark Knight Rises. Both are Sci-Fi movies.
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie.
Yes, she wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath. Have you read it?
The Journals of Sylvia Plath was released in 2001 and the Bell Jar was released in 2001.
The Journals of Sylvia Plath was released in 1981 and The Bell Jar was also released as a book.
It is a fiction and a war story.
Sure, he wrote Thunderstruck. Have you read that one yet?
yes it is. what else can i answer for you?
some of my favorites are The Time Traveler's Wife and The Time Traveler's Wife. what else can i do for you?
you are welcome. have a good day
The Da Vinci Code was written by Dan Brown and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
How about Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince? It's one of my favorites.
I'm not sure, but Agatha Christie starred in The Lorax which is a Psychological Thriller.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Have a great day!
Fifty Shades of Grey was written by E.B. White and stars Ethan Hawke. It's a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Have you seen Fifty Shades of Grey? It was written by E.L. James and it was released in 2014.
Beautiful Bastard was written by E.L. James, who also wrote The Time Traveler's Wife.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Bourne Supremacy was written by Tony Gilroy and stars Matt Damon. Do you like movies starring Matt Damon?
Yes, Without A Paddle was written by Robert Ludlum as well as The Bourne Identity.
Yes, he was. If you like his work, you should check out The Bourne Identity. It's a thriller.
I am Legend is a Thriller starring Will Smith and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Pursuit of Happyness is a psychological thriller starring Will Smith. Do you like that kind of movie?
Yes, he was. He was also in The Pursuit of Happyness.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Gattaca was written by Andrew Niccol and stars William Lee Scott. Do you like his work?
Hugo is a Thriller and was directed by David Ayer. Do you like Thrillers?
Hugo is a Thriller and Drama. Do you like Thrillers?
Great, I'll add it to your watch list.
You're welcome.
He directed The Good Thief, The Good Thief, and The End of the Affair. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, he also wrote The End of the Affair and The Good Thief. Are you a fan of Fantasy?
The End of the Affair is a Fantasy, and The Good Thief is a Fantasy.
I don't know any other Psychological fiction but I do know that it was released in 2004 and was written in English.
You're welcome!
Yes, she starred in Memento. Have you seen it?
Zoe Kravitz is an American actress who starred in a film called Naked. It is a horror film. Do you like horror genre?
I don't know any other actresses she starred in, but I can tell you she also starred in Apocalypse Now. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
Yes, I do. He wrote The Hiding Place, and The Cross and Switchblade.
The Hiding Place is written by John Sherrill and is a self-help book.
You're welcome.
Yes, Saina Nehwal plays Badminton and is a professional badminton player.
Yes, that's right. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes and a person called a birdie and a song called a shuttlecock.
Sure! He starred in The Making of Star Wars: Episode VI - The Empire Strikes Back, and The Improbable Adventures of Sherlock Holmes.
The Making of Star Wars is a drama
The Making of Star Wars is starring Natalie Portman
I do not have that information
Sure, he was also in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
You're welcome
Prince Caspian: The Return to Narnia is written by J.K. Rowling.
C.S. Lewis is a Psychological Thriller. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure, but C.S. Lewis also wrote The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
Sure, Nancy Bond wrote A Little Princess, which was released in 2001. She also wrote A Little Princess.
Yes, it is. It's a children's literature.
Yes, it is! She also wrote Little Lord Fauntleroy, which was released in 1905.
You're welcome!
Sure! Do you like horror movies?
Yes, The Koji Suzuki movie is in Japanese language.
The Koji Suzuki movie starred in both English and Japanese versions.
The Boston Celtics is a professional basketball team based in Boston, Massachusetts. Do you like basketball?
Yes, Doc Rivers is the same person who coached the Los Angeles Clippers.
Space Jam is a basketball movie. Do you like basketball movies?
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories. Have you read those?
The Portable Atheist is a Non-Fiction and Children's Literature. Do you like Children's literature?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you The Secret Agent: A Simple Tale was also written by Joseph Conrad. Have you read it?
William S. Burroughs wrote The Secret Agent: A Simple Tale and A Simple Tale.
Yes, Sliver Linings Playbook is written by Sliver Linings Playbook is a speculative fiction book written by Ian Fleming.
Jennifer Lawrence has been in a lot of movies such as X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Winter's Bone is a movie starring Jennifer Lawrence. She also starred in The Hunger Games: Catching Fire.
Yes, she was in X-Men movies as well.
Jennifer Lawrence starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen them?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Doc Rivers.
I agree, he is a great coach.
I don't know if he plays sports
I do. I'm more of a basketball fan.
She wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read them?
I don't know of any books that she wrote, but I do know that Bram Stoker was influenced by William Steig.
There is another book written by Elizabeth Kostova called The Swan Thieves. It is a horror novel.
The Historian is more of a thriller and suspense novel. The Historian is more of a psychological thriller and suspense. Do you like suspense?
Yes, Tom Wilkinson starred in Tom Wilkinson and The Samurai. Have you seen those?
Yes, he was in The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen those?
Yes, she was
I do not have information about that. I do not have information about that movie.
Do you like movies starring E.T. because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Then you'll like Wildwood Dancing and Wildwood Dancing. Have you seen any of these?
It's a family-friendly movie and also a family-friendly movie. It was directed by Steven Spielberg.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
Sure, Willow Smith wrote My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories and My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories. Have you heard of these?
Yes, he plays football for the Wales National football team. Are you a football fan?
Yes, they are in London. Do you know who the team is?
You're welcome!
Yes, he directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest and Amadeus. Have you seen either of those?
Sure, Man on the Moon is a drama and a biography. Do you like that genre?
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest was written and directed by David Ayer. It is a horror film. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
Great, have a good day!
Yes, she wrote Como agua para chocolate. It was released in 1989.
Carol Christensen starred in that movie. It is a historical period drama.
It appears to be a romantic comedy.
It was released in 1989 and is in English.
You're welcome.
Tony Tanner wrote Sense and Sensibility and Mansfield Park. Have you read either of those?
It was written by Tony Tanner who also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
Yes, he also wrote Sense and Sensibility and Mansfield Park.
You're welcome!
Yes, Louise Lasser starred in Take the Money and Run and Take the Money. Have you seen those?
I'm sorry I don't have any information on that movie.
I'm not sure about his other movies, but I can tell you he also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
The Dark Knight is a great book written by Cristen Ashley and was released in 2012.
Christopher Nolan also wrote The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises. Have you read either of those?
The Dark Knight is written by Christopher Nolan. He also starred in The Prestige.
Your welcome.
It was written by Sophie Kinsella and released in 2005. She also wrote The Wedding Date. Have you read that one?
Wedding girl is written by Madeleine Wickham
You are welcome
We're the Millers is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
It's a great movie. James Franco is also in it. Do you like his movies?
Yes! Jennifer Aniston starred in Zoolander and the sequel Zoolander 2. Have you seen that one?
You might want to check out Zoolander or X-Men 2 starring Jennifer Aniston.
The Chicago Bulls are a basketball team owned by Jerry Reinsdorf. Do you like basketball?
I don't know too much about them this season but I do know that the team is owned by Jerry Reinsdorf
Is there anything I can help you with?
Peter Bart wrote The Godfather and The Godfather. Have you read them?
He also wrote The Godfather Part II and The Sicilian and The Last Don.
I highly recommend The Godfather. It's considered a drama.
The Crucible was released in 2001 and is considered a tragedy.
I'm sorry, I don't have any more information on The Crucible.
You're welcome!
Yes, she wrote The Joy Luck Club and The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. Have you read either of those?
It's a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
I think it is a great book. It was written by Amy Tan.
You're welcome.
Do you like V for Vendetta because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
If you like science fiction films, you might also like Pulp Fiction, starring Tom Hardy. It's classified as science fiction.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Pelicans. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about football, but I do know Drew Brees is a quarterback. He's a great quarterback.
I'm not sure, but I do know Vince Young is a quaterback for the New Orleans Saints. Who do you like?
I'm not sure, but I do know they're in the AFC East division.
I'm sure you'll love it!
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski and stars Keanu Reeves. Do you like her movies?
He also starred in The Matrix Revisited and The Matrix Reloaded.
The Matrix is a Thriller, Drama, and Drama.
You're welcome!
Yes, she wrote Much Ado About Nothing and Much Ado About Nothing.
He also wrote Romeo and Juliet and A Midsummer Night's Dream.
He also wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream.
50 First Dates is a Thriller starring Matt Damon and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I would agree. 50 First Dates is a good movie. It's a comedy starring Tom Hanks.
I'm not sure, but it is a good movie. It was directed by Peter Hyams.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by M Denise Debartolo York and John York.
I don't know too much about a Super Bowl but I do know they're in the National League East and have been in a long time.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who's your favorite team?
Yes, Jean M Auel wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
Yes, he also wrote The Sum of All Fears which is Fantasy. Have you read it?
Sure. Anything else I can help you with?
Brendon Urie is a composer and songwriter. He was born in London. He was also a musician.
He wrote The World According to Garp and The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you heard of them?
I don't know what instruments he plays, but I do know he is a singer/songwriter.
City of Bones is written by Cassandra Clare. Are you a fan of hers?
I don't know, but I do know that it was released in 2001
I don't know, but I do know it was released in 2001
You're welcome
Sure, he directed The Bourne Identity, The Bourne Ultimatum, and The Bourne Ultimatum. Have you seen any of those?
It's a Thriller, Thriller, Drama, Thriller, Thriller, Drama, Thriller, Drama, Thriller, Drama, Thriller, Drama, Thriller, Drama, Thriller, Drama, Thriller, Drama, Thriller, Drama, Thriller, Drama, Thriller, Drama, Thriller, Drama, Thriller, Drama, Thriller, Drama, Thriller, Drama, Thriller, Drama, & Drama
The Thriller starring Robert Downey Jr and Michael Caine. Do you like Crime Action Films?
Gloria Stuart starred in The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded, and The Matrix Reloaded.
Titanic is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
The Maze Runner was written by James Dashner and James Dashner. Do you like thrillers?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you he was in The Scorch Trials and The Maze Runner.
Sure, he directed The Sworn Sword. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. Do you like his movies?
Yes, Joaquin Phoenix starred in The Muppets which is a Thriller.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Princess Bride is a Romance film. Do you like romance films?
The Princess Bride is a Romance Film. Another Romance film you might enjoy is The House of Seven Pounds.
Yes, The Time Machine was written by J.R.R Tolkien and is in the Fantasy genre.
You're welcome.
Dark Lover is speculative fiction written by J.R. Ward. It was released in 2005.
Yes, it was written by Twilight. Did you know it was also made into a movie?
There's another book called The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner that is part of a series.
The Client is a psychological thriller starring Morgan Freeman. Do you like that type of movie?
You might like Shark Night, starring Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee.
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a good one
The Lost Boys is starring Tom Hanks and Morgan Freeman.
You're welcome
Yes, I do. It was written by Gregory Maguire and released in 1995.
Yes, he also wrote Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West.
Yes, it is a fairy tale. Do you like fairy tales?
Sure, I can tell you that Anne of Gables is written by Anne of Gables. It is a Young-adult fiction book. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Charlize Theron is a great actress. She starred in Theron's Revolting Rhymes. Have you seen it?
Sure, Young Adult is a romance film starring Charlize Theron and Kate Beckinsale. It was released in 2012.
Yes, she did write Juno and it was directed by Christopher Bigsby. Have you seen it?
It appears to be written by Emily Bronte and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You might also like The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. It was written and directed by Chris Weitz. Have you seen it?
Remember Me, Water for Elephants is a Fantasy and The Twilight Saga: The Twilight Saga: The Twilight Saga: The Twilight Saga: The Twilight Saga: The Twilight Saga: The Twilight Saga: The Twilight Saga: The Twilight Saga: The Twilight Saga: The Twilight Saga: The Twilight Saga: The Twilight Saga: The Twilight Saga: The Twilight Saga: The Twilight Saga: The Twilight Saga
The New York Jets is a professional American football team based in Chicago, Illinois. Do you like football?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you have a favorite team?
I didn't know that. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. Who's your favorite team?
Pulp Fiction is written by Quentin Tarantino. Are you a fan of his work?
Yes, he also starred in The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded.
You're welcome
I do, he is a basketball player. He plays point guard right?
I'm not sure about his career, but I do know he was born in Adelaide.
I'm a huge fan of the Seattle Seahawks, but I'm not a huge fan of the sport.
Sure, do you like books written by Mark Twain?
I don't know any other novels by him, but I do know that he is from the United States.
Yes, he is a children's author. He also wrote The Cat in the Hat.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome.
Gore Verbinski directed Rango which is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Rango is a drama and a crime drama. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
L.A. Confidential is a Thriller. It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
L.A. Confidential is a Thriller and Drama genre. Do you like that genre?
Yes, World War Z is a zombie movie and World War Z is a zombie movie. Do you like zombie movies?
You're welcome.
Eric Carle wrote The Very Hungry Caterpillar. Have you read it?
The Very Hungry Caterpillar is a Picture book. It was released in 2010 and is a Children's Literature.
Yes, he was the author of The Polar Express.
Sure, I can tell you he wrote Thunderstruck. Have you read that one yet?
Isaac's Storm: A Man is a Speculative Fiction.
It was released in 2004 and is a drama.
You're welcome!
I know he's a cricket player from Delhi. Do you like cricket?
I don't really know much about it. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you do you like to watch?
Yes he does and he is a Cricket player.
Do you like Dead as a Doornail?
Yes- The Southern Vampire Mysteries and Midnight Crossroads was written by Charlaine Harris.
I am not sure of the release date of the book but I do know it was released in 2008.
Douglas Adams was a writer and author. He wrote The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul. Have you read that one yet?
Did you know that John Green wrote that book?
Yes, he is. He also starred in The Wayside School Gets A Little Stranger.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know of any new album out, but I do know that it was released in 2016.
Yes, he also starred in The Wash and The Wash.
I am not sure but I can tell you it is a comedy.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you he is a satirical writer who wrote Timequake.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information about Hocus Pocus.
You're welcome.
Yes, she starred in Wimbledon and Wag the Dog. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, Eleanor Bron and Philip Pullman starred in Wimbledon as well.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Oliver Reed starred in The Muppets.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom and Billy Boyd. Do you like Fantasy films?
Yes, he also starred in The Good Doctor and The Good Doctor. Have you seen those?
You're welcome.
Yes, Sergio Aguero is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Barcelona and the Brazil national team.
No, I haven't, but I heard it's a good movie. It's a good movie. It's a great comedy.
Oh, I've never seen that one, but it's a great movie! It's a great movie!
That's a great book. It was written by Louisa Carroll and was released in 2015.
Red Queen was written by Victoria Aveyard and is in the Horror genre. Other books in the same genre include The Sum of All Fears and The Lord of the Rings
King's Cage was released in 2016. It's considered a horror novel.
You're welcome!
Yes, he plays for the Germany national football team.
I don't know much about Toni Kroos, but I do know Toni Kroos is a German national football player.
Toni Kroos plays for the Germany national football team.
Yes, he starred in Seven Psychopaths and Seven Psychopaths
I am not sure, but I can tell you it is a psychological thriller.
It's a great movie. It also starred Jason Bateman. Do you like his movies?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it is a romantic comedy.
Yes, he did. Steven Spielberg was the producer of Young Sherlock Holmes.
You're welcome.
Yes, I agree. He's a great singer and also a musician.
I agree! Mila Kunis is a great actress. She starred in a lot of movies. Do you like her movies?
I haven't but I've heard a lot about him since he was in the movie Friends with Benefits.
He wrote II Principe, have you read it?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that book.
Yes, it was written in Italy and is in English.
American Gods was written by Neil Gaiman, who also wrote The Sum of All Fears and The Gods.
Yes, they were both written by Michael Zulli and Neil Gaiman.
It was released in 1980 and is in the Fantasy genre. Do you like Fantasy?
Yes, it is a great book. You might also like The Sum of All Fears written by Michael Zulli.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by John Fox.
I am more of a football fan. What about you? What is your favorite sport?
My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks. What's your favorite team?
Yes, it was written by Sue Monk Kidd and is in the Fiction genre. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes, Paul Bettany also starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
George Cruikshank wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you heard of it?
He also wrote Oliver Twist. You should check it out
You are welcome.
Me too! Do you like action movies?
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in We Bought a Zoo which is a Thriller.
I'm not sure, but it is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
I'm not sure who else starred in it, but Barry Sonnenfeld is a great actor.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Stephen Sommers wrote Van Helsing and starred in Van Helsing.
Yes, they both starred in Van Helsing. Do you like that genre?
She's been in a lot of movies. She's been in a lot of movies. I'm not sure if she was in Van Helsing but it's a romantic comedy.
That's a good one. It was written and produced by Antonio Banderas. You should check it out.
That's a good one. It's a Romantic Comedy.
Sure, Armageddon is a war movie starring Scarlett Johansson and Robert Downey Jr.. Do you like war movies?
I don't know much about it, but I do know it is a drama. Do you like that genre?
I don't know much about his work, but I do know he is a writer and a cartoonist.
Under the Dome was written by Stephen King and released in 2009. Do you like Stephen King books?
Stephen King also wrote The Stand, The Stand, and The Stand.
Creepshow is a Thriller/Drama that was released in 2001.
You're welcome!
I don't know too much about her, but I do know she is a singer.
I don't know too much about her but I do know she starred in the movie Valentine's Day.
A.A. Milne wrote When We Were Very Young and When We Were Very Young. Have you read them?
A.A. Milne : Film Executive Produced: A.A. Milne
It's genre is fiction.
I think he's a good basketball player, but I don't know much about him. What do you think?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you he is a basketball player.
I'm not sure who else starred in Hoosiers, but I can tell you it is a great movie.
Yes, J.J. Cohen starred in Back to the Future and Back to the Future.
Yes, Robert Zemeckis also wrote The Polar Express which is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, J.R.R. Tolkien wrote Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth
Yes, J.R.R. also wrote The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about him, but I know he's a soccer player from Brazil.
She starred in The Princess Diaries and The Princess Diaries. Have you seen either of those?
Get Real is a comedy-drama. It is a crime drama.
I highly recommend The Princess Diaries. It is also a Romance film.
Yes, he wrote The Fault in Our Stars. Have you heard of it?
Yes, she also starred in a movie called Valentine's Day.
Yes, he co-wrote the show.
You got it, I hope you enjoy!
He wrote нна аренина and нна аренина.
Rickie Fowler is a professional golfer born in Murrieta. Do you know him?
I have not, but I know it is based on Caddyshack starring Robert Downey Jr..
No, I haven't seen that one, but I know it was written by David Ayer, who also starred in The Princess Bride.
I'm not sure but I can tell you it is a drama.
Yes, he wrote The Yellow Submarine and The Yellow Submarine.
Yes, he was a great actor. He was also a teacher.
I'll have to check that out. Thanks for the information.
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski and stars Keanu Reeves. Do you like her movies?
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a good sci-fi movie as well.
Would you like to watch it?
The Godfather was written by Francis Ford Coppola and stars Marlon Brando. Do you like Francis Ford Coppola?
I do not have information about the director, but I can recommend other movies starring Tom Hanks.
It was written by Kazuo Ishiguro and has genre Science Fiction. Do you like Science Fiction?
Sure, you might enjoy the book, World Without End, or The Time Traveler's Wife. Both are great books.
You might also enjoy the movie X-Men Origins:Wolverine, or the X-Men: First Class.
Yes, Hush is a great book written by J.K. Rowling. Are you a fan of his work?
The book Silence was also written by Becca Fitzpatrick and it is a speculative fiction.
Yes, Fire and Ice was a great one as well as a horror film
A Short History of Nearly Everything was written by Bill Bryson. Do you like non-fiction books?
Sure! That novel was written by Douglas Adams. Are you a fan of his work?
Douglas Adams also wrote What the dog Saw and Other Adventures. Are you interested in either of those?
If you like that one, you might also like The Time Traveler's Wife.
Sure, I'll add it now.
Do you like Kung Fu Panda because it is a comedy?
It's a family film based on a true story of a young girl who meets a young girl who meets a young girl who meets a young girl.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like books by J.D. Salinger? He also wrote J.D. Salinger.
The Catcher in the Rye is a first-person narrative written by J.D. Salinger. Do you like that author?
It was written in French and released in 1856. It was written in English.
Yes, he is. He wrote The Nanny Diaries. Have you read it?
Its genre is fiction and biography. Do you like fiction?
Yes, and he starred in a movie called Wedding Belles
He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Do you like books by J.K. Rowling? She wrote Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets.
The Casual Vacancy is similar to Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets. Have you read it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
In the Woods was written by Tana French and it is in the suspense genre. Do you like suspense?
Tana French wrote The Secrets of Joy, which is a mystery book. Have you read it?
Violets Are Blue is a mystery novel written by James Patterson. Another mystery novel by him is When You Reach Me.
You're welcome!
She wrote The Diary of a Young Girl, The Diary of a Young Girl and The Diary of a Young Girl.
The Diary of a Young Girl is a Young Girl written by Anne Frank. She also wrote The Diary of a Young Girl.
The Looking Glass Wars is a good one. It was written by Frank Beddor. Have you read it?
Sure! It was written in English and is a great read.
Yes, Josh Hutcherson starred in The Hunger Games: Catching Fire. Have you seen it?
Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards, Rules of Attraction, and Wild Cards.
Yes, Wildcards game was written by Neil Gaiman and it is a speculative fiction book.
Innocence is a horror novel written by Christopher Nolan. It was released in 2013.
It is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like Speak because it is a speculative fiction?
You might also enjoy the book Twilight. It's also a young adult novel.
It was released in 2012 and is in the Children's literature genre. Do you like children's literature?
Yes, he plays for the Germany national football team.
Yes, he plays for the Germany national football team.
Thomas Muller is a great midfielder. Did you know Thomas Muller won the Bravo Award?
It was written by Marion Wiesel and released in 1958. That same year as The Man in the High Castle.
Marion Wiesel wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign. It was released in 1958.
I have not read that one, but I know it was released in 1958.
You're welcome.
Sure! It was written by Ian Fleming and is a horror film. Do you like horror?
Sylvester Stallone starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
I do not have that information, but i can tell you she starred in The Princess Diaries.
You are welcome. Have a good day.
Andy Tennant is an American professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 1 in the WTA singles rankings. He is ranked world No. 1 in singles rankings.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you Matthew McConaughey also starred in Valentine's Day which is a comedy.
I don't know anything else about Ewen, but I do know he also starred in The Hangover which is a comedy.
Sure, I'll add it now.
Yes, Rory Mcllroy is a golfer who won the 2012 PGA Championship.
Yes, I am a big golf fan. I'm more of a American Football fan. What about you?
No, I haven't. I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the information.
Yes, Gail Kern Paster wrote Much Ado About Nothing and Much Ado About Nothing.
Much Ado About Nothing is a good one. Have you read it?
Much Ado About Nothing was written by Gail Kern Paster. Do you like his work?
You're welcome! Much Ado About Nothing is a great play.
Yes, he wrote Franny and Zooey and Nine Stories. Have you read them?
Franny and Zooey is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, Robert Duvall and Marlon Brando star in it.
Robert Duvall also starred in Apocalypse Now, which is a drama.
You might also like The Apostle, Apocalypse Now, and Apocalypse Now.
Quentin Tarantino directed Inglorious Bastards and he also directed Grindhouse. Have you seen those?
Sure, he was also in Grindhouse which was written by Quentin Tarantino.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Still Alice was written by Tom Hanks and is considered a fantasy novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes there is. Another one released in 2007 is The Last Summer (of You and Me). Have you read it?
I have not read the book but I know it is a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Neill Blomkamp starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
I'm not sure if it's similar to District 9, but if you like action movies you might also like Shark Night, Shark Night, Shark Night.
Yes, it's a Thriller, and it's a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
That is a great movie, I think you'd like it, it's a great movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Haley Joel Osment starred in The Sixth Sense and The Jungle Book 2. Have you seen either of those?
You might enjoy The Sixth Sense. It's a great Thriller. It's similar to The Sixth Sense.
I'd say check out The Lion King by the same director. It's a Thriller/Drama.
The sequel to The Dark Knight Rises is Batman Begins. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is. He also starred in The Dark Knight Rises.
Memento is a crime drama.
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie!
I do! The Bad Beginning is a Speculative fiction written by J.R.R Tolkien. Do you like that genre?
Steampunk is also in the Fantasy genre, and also in the Fantasy genre.
I have not read it yet. Is it a Romance novel?
Would you like me to add it to your favorite Steampunk books?
Is there anything else I can help with?
You too, enjoy!
Sure, he wrote The Hiding Place, and The Cross and Switchblade.
God's Smuggler is a political thriller. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Jack Thorne is an American author who wrote Defending Jacob. Are you a fan of his work?
She also wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard and The Casual Vacancy. Have you read any of those?
It was released in 2011. I'm not sure what genre it is.
Sure, he starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and V for Vendetta. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, he is. He also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine.
Estelle Parsons also starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen that one?
I don't have any information on that one, but I can tell you it also starred Al Pacino.
You're welcome.
It was written by William Shakespeare. Are you a fan of his work?
I'm not sure, but Life of Pi is in the same genre as Life of Pi.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like the Kite Runner because it is written by Khaled Hosseini or because it is a Romance novel?
I'm not sure, but I do know that it was released in 2007.
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
liam Neeson also starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wildest Dream.
Yes, he was. Run All Night is a comedy. Do you like comedy?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you he also starred in The Girl Next Door. Have you seen that one?
I don't know anything else about Liam Neeson, but he's a great actor.
You're welcome.
I don't know too much about them, but I do know they're in the American League East and are in the American League East.
I don't know too much about them. Who's your favorite player?
They are a better team than the Seattle Mariners. Do you know who they are?
Yes, he directed the movie 3 Days to Kill. Have you seen it?
It's a comedy starring Matt Damon and was released in 2012. Would you like to see it?
Sure! Kingdom of Heaven is a drama and crime fiction film. Do you like those kinds of films?
He also starred in The System of the World. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Fault in Our Stars is written by John Green who also wrote Paper Towns.
If you like Young-adult fiction, you might also like Paper Towns or Looking for Alaska.
The Book Thief is also written by John Green
Robert A. Heinlein wrote The Cat in the Hat, The Puppet Master, and The Puppet Master. Have you read any of these?
Yes, he did write Time Enough for Love as well as Time Enough for Love.
Sure, he also wrote The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded.
He starred in Back to the Future and Back to the Future. Have you seen either of those?
You might also like The Fault in Our Stars. It's a science fiction movie.
You're welcome!
Batman was written by James Dashner, who also wrote Batman Begins. Have you seen it?
Batman was directed by Christopher Nolan, who also directed The Dark Knight Rises. Have you seen it?
Vivica A. Fox also starred in The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded.
You're welcome.
Sure, do you like action movies or action movies?
Yes, he was also in The Civil War. Have you seen it?
It's a crime thriller. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Yes, she was. Would you like me to play it for you?
Inception is a Sci-Fi Thriller starring Tom Hardy. Do you like the actors or the genre?
Blood Promise is written by Richelle Mead and is a Young-adult fiction book. Do you like young adult fiction?
Wicked Lovely was also written by Richelle Mead and also in the Fantasy genre. You might also like The Pillars of the Earth or the Sea of Monsters.
It's a suspense novel. It's more of a thriller.
Sure. I'll add that one now.
Sure, he wrote The Mad Ship and The Golden Fool. Have you read them?
The Looking Glass Wars is a great fantasy book.
Looking Glass is a young-adult fiction book about a young girl looking for a young girl who meets a young girl.
Great, I will add it to your list.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, Kami Garcia wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Darkness. Have you read either of these?
Yes, it came out in 2011, and is a speculative fiction.
I'm not sure if they are more of a stand alone novel, but I can recommend some other Young-adult fiction books.
Yes, I like her music. She composed You Lost Me and Wild Ones. Have you heard of them?
I like her song Mostly Harmless. Do you like her music?
You know, Calvin Harris also composed You Lost Me, and I Love You.
Sure! That was written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote Lord of War. Have you read that one?
It was released in 2012 and is a speculative fiction.
I don't know when it was released, but I do know it was written by Christopher Hampton.
You're welcome.
I think he is a good basketball player but I don't know much about him. Is he a basketball player?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a basketball player.
I'm not sure but it is a comedy/drama film.
The Illusionist is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Illusionist was written by Robert Mark Kamen and stars Seth Rogen. It's considered a thriller.
It's a great movie starring Tom Cruise, David Cleese and Tom Hanks. Do you know them?
Great! Enjoy!
Frostbite is written by Richelle Mead and released 2008.
I'm not sure, but Richelle Mead is a Psychological thriller.
I don't have any information on any other books she wrote, but I can tell you she also wrote The Secret Life of Bees which is a fiction book.
I do not know what year Shadow Kiss was released.
You're welcome.
21 Jump Street is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
If you like adventure films, you might also like Wildwood Dancing. Have you seen that one?
The Perfect Storm stars Seth Rogen and Kate Beckinsale. Would you like to know more about these actors?
Do you like Shrek 2 because it's a family movie?
The Toy Story is also a family movie. Another family movie in that series is The Toy Story 2. Have you seen it?
Great, I will add it to your watch list.
Chris Van Allsburg wrote The Polar Express and The Polar Express. Have you read them?
He also wrote The Polar Express and The Polar Express. Have you read them?
He also wrote The Polar Express and The Polar Express. Have you read them?
You're welcome!
Sure, Dan Scanion directed The Last Samurai and Ben Stiller. Have you seen them?
You might also like Monsters University. It's a comedy-drama.
He also starred in The Princess and the Frog. Have you seen that one?
Fight Club was written by Jim Uhls and is a speculative fiction. Do you like those genres?
It's a Thriller. Do you like Thriller?
Yes, he also wrote Where the Wild Things Are. Have you heard of that one?
Sure, I will play that for you. Enjoy!
Yes, I know he is a singer, songwriter, and songwriter. He was born in Los Angeles and plays basketball.
I don't know much about Shaquille O'Neal but he is a basketball player.
Michael Jordan is a basketball player. He won NBA Rookie of the Year Award.
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in The Matrix Reloaded and in The Matrix Reloaded.
Yes, he also wrote The Shining.
Great, I'll add it to your read list.
I love his music. I especially like The Muppets. Have you heard of it?
You're right. I'm a big fan of his music.
Yes, he's a great songwriter. He's also a voice actor.
I'm not sure about that one, but I can tell you it is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Yes, Logan Lerman starred in What Women Want and also in the Hunger Games. Have you seen these?
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Avengers: Age of Ultron stars Scarlett Johansson and Chris Hemsworth.
Scarlett Johansson also starred in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie, which is a Sci-Fi Thriller.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Margery Williams Biano is a great actor. He starred in The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded.
The Sun Also Rises is written by Ernest Hemingway. He also wrote The Moon Also Rises.
He also wrote To Have and Have Not, The Sun Also Rises, and The Time Traveler's Wife.
You're welcome!
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski and stars Keanu Reeves. Do you like her movies?
The Matrix is starring Keanu Reeves and Keanu Reeves.
Skyfall is written by Neil Gaiman and it is a horror film. Do you like horror films?
I'm not much of a fan of Bond films, but I do know Daniel Craig also starred in The Princess Bride. Have you seen that one?
I like Pierce Bronson as an actor, but I don't know much about him. Is he a writer or director?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are a Korean boy band. Do you like them?
I don't know too much about her, but I do know she's a singer, like Selena Gomez, and Selena Gomez
Power Pop is my favorite. I'm not sure if he's a Power Pop fan, but I would recommend X-Men Origins:Wolverine and World War Z.
I don't know much about her, but I know she is a tennis player from Romania. Do you like her?
I don't think so. I think she's a good athlete.
I am not sure but I do know Maria Sharapova also played in the Olympics.
Yes, that is a fantasy book written by J.D. Salinger.
The Looking Glass Wars written by Frank Beddor is a fantasy book.
The book was written by J.K. Rowling.
You're welcome.
He wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer. Have you read those?
It is fiction genre
The Witch of Blackbird Pond which is a fiction book
Yes, Liane Moriarty wrote What Alice Forgot and Truly Madly Guilty. Have you read them?
Alice Forgot was released in 2014. She also wrote Three Wishes.
Sure, Liane Moriarty also wrote What Alice Forgot, and Three Wishes.
Will do. I hope you enjoy it!
He starred in The Fault in Our Stars and The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, he was. He also starred in The Princess Diaries. Have you seen it?
It was released in 2012. It's more of a thriller and suspense.
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote The Last Lecture and The Last Lecture. Have you read them?
Randy Pausch wrote The Last Lecture. It's considered a non-fiction.
Seabiscuit is a Sci-Fi book written by Roberto Orci. Do you like Sci-Fi books?
If you like non fiction, you might like The Last Lecture. It's a Science Fiction book.
Yes, I do. He starred in The Rum Diary and The Rum Diary. Have you seen them?
He was also in The Rum Diary. Have you seen that one?
The Rum Diary is a mystery movie. It's also considered a thriller.
You're welcome
District 9 was directed by Quentin Tarantino. Are you a fan of his work?
It was directed by Neill Blomkamp and released in 2011. Would you like to know more about this movie?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you he also directed District 9 which is a Thriller.
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen it?
Zombie Hunter is a great movie. you should check it out. It's a Thriller.
Yes, The Visit is a horror film starring Kate Beckinsale.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I don't know much about them, I know they're coached by Fernando Hierro. Do you like them?
I don't know too much about soccer, but I do know they are coached by Jose Mourinho. Who is your favorite player?
Yes, he is. I don't know much about soccer. Are you a soccer fan?
The Bourne Supremacy starred Matt Damon and was directed by Matt Damon. Do you like movies starring Matt Damon?
Bloody Sunday has a genre of drama. what else can i do for you?
Bloody Sunday has genre Thriller. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
I don't know much about Chelsea but I do know that Chelsea is a professional football club based in London.
They play at Chelsea Stadium in the Premiere League and in the Premier League.
I'm not sure who they are, but Chelsea is arguably the best player in the world.
Christina Perri is a great singer and actress. She starred in The Lord of the Rings and The Lord of the Rings. Have you seen those?
Yes, I like her too. She's a great singer and actress.
Yeah, I like her too. She is a friend to Tyga?
Green Eggs and Ham is a children's literature written by Dr. Seuss. Do you like children's literature?
Dr. Seuss also wrote The Cat in the Hat and The Cat in the Hat. Have you read them?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Sam Smith is an American singer who was influenced by Maurice Sendak. Are you a fan of hers?
Sure! American Hustle is a drama and stars Christian Bale. Do you like dramas?
Bradley Cooper is an American Hustle fan. He also starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class.
Yes, he has produced and starred in The Words.
The Words is considered a thriller and a mystery. Do you like thrillers?
John Berendt is an American author who wrote Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince.
The Lady & Sons is a mystery book.
The Lady & Sons of Falling Angels is written by John Berendt.
It was written by Tatiana de Rosnay. Do you like her work?
Tatiana de Rosnay also wrote Relato de un náufrago, El otoo del patriarca, and The Son of Neptune.
It is a drama. Do you like drama?
You're welcome.
The Aviator is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
It was directed by Christopher Nolan, who also directed and starred in The Aviator. You might also like The Princess Diaries.
Blood Diamond is available on Amazone Prime.
I know he's a boxer, but I don't know much about him. Are you a fan?
Yes, he was. He also starred in The Man. Have you seen it?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he was a politician and a politician.
I don't know too much about sports movies. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Tony Gilroy starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen any of those?
You might like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee. It's a thriller.
I'm not sure, but Tony Gilroy also starred in The Pillars of the Earth which is a drama and directed by Michael Clayton.
You're welcome.
The Invention of Wings was written by Sue Monk Kidd and was released in 2014. She also wrote The Invention of Wings.
She also wrote The Secret Life of Bees and The Invention of Wings. Have you read those?
Yes, you are correct. It was made into a film and a film.
You're welcome.
Do you like Superman Returns because it is a superhero movie?
He also wrote X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Yes, Krampus is a Superhero movie
I'm not sure if it is a Superhero movie, but if you like Superhero movies you should check out Zoolander 2
You're welcome, enjoy!
Quentin Blake wrote The Twilight series. Have you read it?
I don't know any other books by him, but James and the Giant Peach was released in 1985.
I'm not sure, but Abel's Island is a children's literature that was released in 2011.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in Kill Bill: Vol 2. He also starred in Shackleton. Have you seen it?
No I have not, but Vivica Fox starred in it. Do you like her movies?
I'm not a big fan of Edward Norton, but I do like his acting in The Matrix.
No I have not. I'll add it to my watch list. Thanks for the information.
I like action movies. You should check it out. It's a great movie.
You too!
Is Everyone Hanging Out Without Me is written by Mindy Kaling and was released in 2011. Do you like the author or the genre?
Is Everyone Hanging Out Without Me is written by Mindy Kaling and was released in 2011. Do you like the author or the genre?
It's Non-fiction. Do you like Nona Gaye?
I'm not sure, but Mindy Kaling starred in Is Everyone Hanging Out Without Me.
Yes,It is a self-help book written by Stephen R. Covey. Do you like self-help books?
That is a great book. I think you will enjoy it.
First Things First Things First: To Live is a self-help book and it is a self-help book.
Yes, he wrote The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Have you read those?
He wrote The Day After Tomorrow and The Day After Tomorrow. Have you read them?
He also starred in The Day After Tomorrow as a movie.
Yes he did. It was directed by him as well.
I think Saina Nehwal is a professional badminton player from India. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about badminton, but I know she is an athlete who was in the 2012 Olympic games.
I don't know much about tennis, but I do know it was filmed in London
Eric Bress directed The Rules of Attraction and The Rules of Attraction. Have you seen them?
Ashton Kutcher starred in a lot of movies. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, Shark Night is a horror starring Katharine McPhee and Katharine McPhee.
Sure, Frances Mayes wrote Frances Mayes, which is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I do. Some of her most popular romance novels include Unleashed and Under the Tuscan Sun. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, it was a film and a movie. Would you like to hear more about that?
You're welcome.
Yes, A Thousand Splendid Suns is written by George R.R. Martin and is a Fantasy book. Do you like Fantasy books?
Yes, he also wrote A Thousand Splendid Suns and A Thousand Splendid Suns.
Sea Prayer is a fantasy/drama
Where the Sidewalk Ends: The Poems and Drawings was written by Shel Silverstein. Shel Silverstein also wrote Where the Sidewalk Ends: The Poems and Drawings.
Sure. Some of his notable works include Emily Bronte and Emily Bronte. Do you like Emily Bronte?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Scream is a horror movie starring Scarlett Johansson and Morgan Freeman. Do you like horror movies?
Yes, it is a horror film. Do you like horror movies?
I like David Arquette and Rory Culkin in Scream 4.
The New England Patriots are a professional football team based in England. Do you like football?
Yes, he did and he was married to Gisele.
Meryl Streep also starred in Meryl Streep and she is a great actress.
Yes, he starred in The Making of Star Wars: Episode VI - The Empire Strikes Back
He also starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back Back.
The Elephant Man was released in 2014.
Harry Lennix starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Human Stain to name a few. Have you seen any of those?
The Matrix Reloaded is a Thriller and he also starred in The Human Stain. Have you seen that one?
Great, he also starred in The Matrix Reloaded as well as The Human Stain. You might like that one as well.
Yes, he is an author who wrote The Crucible. Have you read it?
I am not sure if he was a Disney person. I do know he is a cartoonist. He was born in Las Vegas.
Sure. He is a writer and a cartoonist. He was born in Las Vegas. He also wrote The Princess and the Frog. Have you read it?
Yes, he is a great actor. Do you like him as an actor?
Sure, she also wrote What Looks Like Crazy on an Ordinary Day and The Secret Life of Bees.
You're welcome, enjoy!
She wrote both Wicked Appetite and Wicked Appetite.
Wicked Business was released in 2011.
He also wrote Wicked Business and Wicked Business. Have you heard of those?
Adam Levine is a singer, songwriter, and actress. He starred in The Muppets and The Muppets. Have you seen them?
I don't know too much about her, but I do know she's a singer.
It's amazing! He's a great songwriter. He's also a musician. He's also a musician.
Laura Numeroff wrote The World According to Garp and The Sea of Monsters. Have you read any of these?
Laura Numeroff also wrote If You Give a Mouse a Pig a Pancake as well as If You Give a Pig a Pancake.
Yes, and Felicia Bond also wrote If You Give a Mouse a Cookie.
Yes there was. It was also a children's movie and a family movie.
Glad to be of help!
Ayush Mahesh Khedekar starred in Slumdog Millionaire. Have you seen it?
I don't know, but Ayush Mahesh Khedekar also starred in Slumdog Millionaire.
I'll add it now. Enjoy!
I don't know too much about him, but I know he's a table tennis player from China. Do you like table tennis?
I don't know too much about him, but I do know he is from the United States of America.
I am not sure who won that, but I do know they are coached by Gary Kubiak
I'm not sure about that, but I do know that he was married to Liam Neeson.
Yes, Rob Cohen wrote The Skulls. Have you read it?
I don't know who starred in it, but I do know it was written by John Pogue.
I'm not sure but it's a drama.
Great, I'll add them to your list.
John Berendt wrote The Sworn Sword and The Mystery Knight. Have you read either of those?
Sure, he wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland is a fantasy novel.
You're welcome!
Do you like Frankenstein because it's a psychological thriller?
It was written by Percy and he also wrote The Lord of the Rings.
He also wrote Lord of War. Have you read that one yet?
I think he is a great singer. I like his song We Rode in Trucks.
Yes, I am a big fan of country music. Do you know who he is?
I agree. She's a great singer and also a musician.
Yes, it is a great book written by Victoria Aveyard. Do you know her?
She's written Mostly Harmless, which is a Thriller.
There is a movie based on King's Cage
I don't know much about them, but I do know they were the runner up in Super Bowl XLIII.
I am not sure but Woody Johnson is the owner of the New York Jets.
Yes, I do. It is a Thriller starring Nicolas Cage. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he also starred in The Sorcers Apprentice and The Sorcers Apprentice. Have you seen those?
I'm not sure if it was released, but I would recommend The Sorcer's Apprentice. It is a psychological thriller.
It is a crime fiction film starring Liya Kebede. It was released in 2014.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, he is a singer, songwriter, and songwriter. He was born in London and sings English.
I am not sure but I know he is a singer
Yes he does
I think he is a good basketball player, but I don't know much about him. Is he a point guard?
Yes, I am a huge fan of the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
Yes, Serena Williams is a great tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Go Ask Alice was written by Go Ask Alice by Go Ask Alice. It is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller?
I don't know anything else about Go Ask Alice, but Go Ask Alice was released in English.
You're welcome.
Yes, I do. She's a singer, songwriter, and actress. She starred in Princess Protection Program and Camp Rock.
Yes, I heard that was a great movie. Did you see it?
I'm not sure about that one, but I think I'd like to see it. It's a romantic comedy.
I don't know too much about him, but I do know he is an athlete
Yeah, I think he was married to Elin Nordegren. I'm not sure if he is a different person.
I didn't know that. I think he was married to Elin Nordegren.
I'm not sure, but I do know he was married to Keanu Reeves.
Sure! Colin Trevorrow directed Jurassic Park, which is a crime fiction film. Have you seen it?
Safety Not Guaranteed is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You're welcome! I'm glad to help.
Yes, The Battle of the Labyrinth is written by Rick Riordan and is a Fantasy novel. Do you like Fantasy?
The Battle of the Labyrinth is written by Rick Riordan.
The Lost Hero is a fantasy-adventure novel by Rick Riordan. It was released in 2014.
You're welcome!
Margaret R. Higonnet wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented and others.
She also wrote a book called A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented. It was released in 1891.
Tim Dolin wrote The Sense and Sensibility of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented
Yes, he is an author who wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories.
Yes, he was the influence for that movie, did you know that?
He also wrote The Secret Agent: Apocalypse Now, which is a thriller.
The Grand Budapest Hotel is a Historical period drama starring Tom Wilkinson. Do you like movies starring Tom Wilkinson?
Certainly! Two of my favorite films take place in Budapest are World War Z, if you're interested.
I'm not sure, but I do know that Bill Murray starred in The Lost City, which is a political drama.
The Devil Wears Prada is a Romance film. Do you like Romance films?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you The Devil Wears Prada is a comedy. Have you seen it?
Sure! The Sun Also Rises is a comedy, drama, comedy, drama, and comedy genre. It was released in 2012.
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is written by J.K. Rowling, are you a fan of his work?
The Chronicles of Narnia: The Tales of Beedle the Bar is similar to Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire
The Godfather was written by Francis Ford Coppola and stars Marlon Brando. Do you like Francis Ford Coppola films?
The Cotton Club stars Marlon Brando and Marlon Brando. Do you like Marlon Brando?
I don't know much about him other than he's a basketball player. Do you like him?
Not really. I'm more of a basketball fan. What's your favorite NBA player?
I'm more of a Lakers fan. Who's your favorite player?
Yes, it is a Thriller starring Brad Pitt. Do you like Thrillers or Crime Fiction?
Yes, he was in "Silence of the Lambs" and "Silence of the Lambs."
She wrote The Scarlet Letter. Have you read it?
The Scarlet Letter is more of a Gothic Fiction and was released in 1850. Would you like to hear more about this?
It was written in English and released in 1850. Would you like me to add it to your list?
You're welcome, enjoy!
She's been in a lot of movies. She's been in The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded, and The Matrix Reloaded.
It is a great movie. You should check it out. It's a great movie. It's a drama.
Yes, he was in The Perfect Storm. He also starred in The Handmaid's Tale.
The Bourne Ultimatum stars Matt Damon and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Bourne Identity stars Matt Damon and is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Bourne Identity is a thriller and suspense. Do you like thrillers?
Matthew McConaughey starred in Taken 2. Have you seen it?
Sahara was directed by Roland Emmerich and he also directed Sahara. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
Yes, The Maze Runner is a young-adult fiction book written by James Dashner.
Sure, he wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, and Unleashed. Have you read any of those?
Yes, she was in it as well. Do you like her acting?
I do not know any other crime fiction movies. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, do you like the genre because it is written by Natalie Portman or because it is a suspense?
I don't know where it takes, but I do know that it was written by Ben Stiller and released in 2011.
Do you want me to add it to your list?
Laura Numeroff wrote The World According to Garp and The Sea of Monsters. Have you read any of these?
It was released in 1960 and is in the Children's literature genre. Do you like Children's literature?
Laura Numeroff also wrote If you Take a Mouse to the Movies and If you Take a Mouse to the Movies.
You're welcome.
Nicolas Winding Refn directed The Neon Demon and Only God Forgives.
Nicolas Winding Refn starred in The Neon Demon. Would you like to hear more about him?
It's a thriller and drama. Do you like those kinds of movies?
You're welcome!
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Hunger Games and The Fault in Our Stars.
Zathura was directed by Steven Spielberg. He's also a great actor.
Zathura also directed and starred in The Hunger Games: Catching Fire
You too!
I know she wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. Have you read that one?
Yes, you are correct. The Valley of Amazement and The Joy Luck Club is in the genre of children's literature.
I agree. The Valley of Amazement is a great children's literature written by Amy Tan. It is also a children's literature.
I don't know if it's a family movie, but it's a children's literature.
It was written by Robert A. Heinlein. He is a great author.
Sure,ordered for you. Anything else I can help you with?
I know he's a soccer player from France and plays for the France national football team.
I have not, but I know it is written by Neil Gaiman who is also an athlete who is a football player.
It is similar to Jerry Maguire, who is also an athlete who is also an athlete who is also an athlete.
The Rosie Effect is similar to Graeme Simsion.
Colleen Hoover wrote Ugly Love and The Ugly Truth.
Colleen Hoover was released in 2014 and the series is called Over the Cuckoo's Calling.
I don't know any other books by her but I do know she is influenced by William Shakespeare
You're welcome.
Yes, he starred in The Matrix Reloaded and in The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen any of those?
It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I don't have that information, but I do know Dreama Walker starred in Compliance as the lead.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Secret Life of Bees is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes she also wrote The Secret Life of Bees and The Secret Life of Bees
I do not have more information about this movie
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Emma McLaughlin is an author who wrote The Nanny Diaries. Are you a fan of hers?
Ok, she was born in Elmira. She's also an actress and a voice actor.
I don't have a bored of her, but I'm more of a Writer. Want to know more?
I'm not sure, but I know Zig Ziglar is from the United States of America.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it is a self help book.
The New York Yankees are a professional baseball team based in Chicago, Illinois, and owned by Fred Wilpon.
I do. I am more of a baseball fan. Do you like baseball?
Do you have a favorite team?
Hayao Miyazakiki is a great actor. He starred in The Seven Pounds and The One Plus One. Have you seen them?
It's a great Family movie. You should check it out. It was written by Stephen King.
I didn't know that. I'm not sure what year it was released, but it is a drama.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
You're very welcome!
Yes, it is written by J.K Rowling and was released in 1998. Do you like the genre?
Absolutely. The Casual Vacancy is one of my favorites. It was written by J.K. Rowling and released in 1998.
Yes, Gone, Gone was also released in 1998. Would you like me to add it to your favorites?
Sun Tzu wrote the Art of War and The Art of War. Have you read either of those?
Sure, he wrote The Art of War and The Art of War. Have you read either of those?
Yes, he wrote the Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth
I'm not sure, but it is fiction.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about Neymar, other than he's a forward and a forward. Do you like him?
I don't know much about sports, but I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I'm not sure about that one, but I know he's a film producer.
Sure, he directed The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Have you seen those?
Roland Emmerich directed The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Have you seen those?
Roland Emmerich directed The Day After Tomorrow. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome. enjoy the movie.
you are welcome. have a good day
Do you like it because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
You might like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee. It's a Thriller.
That's right! Snoop Dogg also starred in Wrath of the Titans, which is a Thriller.
Yes, he is an actor who starred in The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer and Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
Yes, he is one of the best players in the world.
I don't know too much about them, but I do know they're in the NBA Finals.
michael Bay is a writer and poet. He wrote Where the Wild Things Are. Have you read that one?
michael bay transformers is starring Michael Bay. Do you like him?
Last sacrifice is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller?
Last Sacrifice is written by Richelle Mead. It is a young-adult fiction book.
It is a Thriller/Drama.
It's a Thriller/Drama. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
Dani Alves is a player on the Brazil national football team. Are you a fan?
I don't know a whole lot but I know Dani Alves plays as a forward
I am not a huge fan but I do know they are coached by Fernando Hierro
American Sniper is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
It is a Thriller and Drama. Do you like those kinds of movies?
I don't know, but Windtalkers is a Thriller starring Nicolas Cage.
Sure. The Cotton Club is a Thriller starring Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee.
Yes, it is written by Stephanie Meyer and it is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
She was also in the movie The Girl Next Door, which is a romantic comedy.
Yes, he was also in The Adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagirl when he was young.
You're welcome.
Sure, she wrote The Last Summer (of You and Me). Have you read it?
I'm not sure what year it was released. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Where I Belong was written by Lauren Oliver and released in French.
You're welcome.
Yes, she wrote My Love Gave to Me, My Love is My Drug, and My Love Gave to Me.
Yes, she is. Do you like her music?
I don't know who else sings it, but I do know Tik Tok is friends with Keanu Reeves. Do you know who they are?
I don't know too much about her, but I know she is an Athlete who is an athlete from Alpine skiing.
I don't know too much about her but I do know she is a member of Tiger Woods.
Yes, she wrote The Scarlet Letter. Have you read it?
I'm not sure, but it was released in 1850.
The Time Machine was written by Robert Mark Kamen, who also wrote The Scarlet Letter
The Rosie Project is written by Graeme Simsion and was released in 2013.
Yes, Kami Garcia wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Darkness. Have you read either of these?
Dream Dark is a fantasy novel written by Kami Garcia
Kami Garcia also wrote Relato de una muerte
Yes, V. E. Schwab wrote A Gathering of Shadows and it was released in 2011.
Yes, Lord of the Flies is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
He also wrote Lord of the Flies, a fantasy novel
It was written in English and released in 2001
You're welcome.
I don't know much about BTS, but I do know they are a Korean boy band from Seoul.
Do you know who they are in R&B?
Is Talk Talk That Talk is a comedy starring Matt Damon and was released in 2011.
Yes, he wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr Hyde is a political thriller.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr Hyde was also written by Vladimir Nabokov
Yes, Lolita was written by Vladimir Nabokov
Yes, he did write Lolita, and he also starred in a movie called Into the Wild
You're welcome.
Yes, Junot Diaz is a singer, songwriter, and songwriter. He starred in We Bought a Zoo and We Bought a Zookeeper.
This is How You Lose Her is a horror novel. Do you like horror novels?
The Surgeon is categorized as a thriller and a crime fiction novel. The Surgeon is also considered a thriller.
Yes, it was written by Dan Brown and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Have you heard of The Da Vinci Code? It's a Thriller.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, he wrote Defending Jacob. Have you read it?
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child is written by J.K. Rowling. what else can i answer for you?
she also wrote The Casual Vacancy. what else can i answer for you?
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them: The Original Screenplay was released 2012. what else can i do for you?
you are welcome
Yes, he is. He starred in Cars 2. Do you like baseball?
Yes, he was in Senna. Did you know he is also an actor?
Yes, it is one of the most popular series of all time.
I think he's a good singer, but I don't know much about him. What do you think?
Yes, that was a great movie, starring Will Smith, Will Smith, and Will Smith.
i hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about him, but I know he is a basketball player from Dallas.
I don't know much about her but I do know that she starred in the movie Valentine's Day.
Think Like a Man is a romantic comedy. It's a great movie. You should try it.
Yes, it is a great movie starring Matt Damon and was released in 2012. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Ocean's Eleven is a horror movie starring Matt Damon and Matt Damon. Do you like horror films?
Yes, he was. Ben Affleck also starred in The Princess Diaries. Have you seen that one?
Yes, it's considered a thriller and a horror film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I do. He starred in The Wedding Belles and The Wedding Belles. Have you seen them?
Blake is a great actor. He's a great actor. He's been around for a long time. He's been around a long time.
Eragon is written by Christopher Paolini and has genre Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Brisingr is a science fiction novel.
Christopher Paolini also wrote Inheritance Cycle
Peter Dinklage starred in The Station Agent and The Station Agent. Have you seen those?
He also starred in The Station Agent: A Time to Kill and The Station Agent: A Time to Kill.
You might also like The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian, The Boss and The Angry Birds.
Yes, Stacy Keach wrote The Pathfinder, The Skulls, and The Pathfinder.
The Long Riders was released in 2003.
Yes, Stacy Keach is the voice actor for The Long Riders.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Nanny Diaries is written by Rebecca Wells, who also wrote Little Altars Everywhere.
Emma McLaughlin also wrote The Nanny Diaries. Would you like to read it?
You're welcome.
Sure, he starred in The Trouble with Harry and The Trouble with Harry. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, he was in The Torn Curtain and the Trouble with Harry was written by Alfred Hitchcock.
The Torn Curtain is a scary movie. Alfred Hitchcock starred in To Kill a Mockingbird. that is a scary one.
I think he's a great singer, but I don't know much about him. What do you think?
I don't know too much about him, but I do know he is a composer and a musician. Is he a musician?
I don't know too much about him, but I do know he is married to Mirka Reeves. She's a great pianist as well.
You're welcome.
Sure, J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and The Girl Next Door. Have you read them?
I'm sorry, I don't have any similar stories to Peter Pan. Is there anything else I can help you with?
It was written in English and released in 1904. The same year as The Sea World.
Sure, Jon Favreau starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and Autobiography. Have you seen any of those?
Made the Movie is a Comedy/drama.
I don't have any other information on that movie, but I can tell you it is a drama.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it was directed by David Ayer
You're welcome.
Super 8 is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Do you like them because they are in the National League?
They're in the American League East and are owned by John Farrell.
I am not sure about them. I do know they are owned by John Farrel.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
I know he's a basketball player but I don't know much about him. I know he is from the United States of America.
I like tennis and baseball as well. Do you like any other sports?
Becca Fitzpatrick wrote Hush, Hush, and Thieves. Have you read those?
Yes, she is a tennis player from India. Do you like her?
She has played against Serena Williams and Serena Williams. Are you a fan of tennis?
I'm not sure about that. I don't know much about Serena. I don't know much about Serena though.
I'm not sure if she's a great singer but if you're interested in some of her songs, I would recommend Toy Story 2 and Love Actually.
I didn't know that. I think she's a great singer.
Yep, if you're a fan of Renier, you might also enjoy The Princess Diaries or The Princess Diaries.
Beverly D'Angelo starred in The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen any of those?
The House Bunny is a comedy-drama and National Lampoon's Vacation is a romantic comedy.
I'm not sure who else starred in National Lampoon's Vacation but it is a comedy-drama.
Yes she does. She also starred in a comedy called Wedding Belles. Have you seen it?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy!
Yes, A Streetcar Named Desire is written by Tennessee Williams and was released in 1947.
Yes, he did and it was released in 1947.
Yes, it is a drama.
Of course, enjoy!
Yes, John Cater wrote The Time Traveler's Wife and The Time Traveler's Wife.
Yes, if you like John Cater, you might also like The Time Traveler's Wife.
I am not sure who starred in Spider-Man 2 but I can tell you it was written by Robert Downey Jr..
Sure, Stan Lee is a writer and film director. He was born in London and he wrote The Incredible Hulk and starred in The Incredible Hulk.
I am not sure about his most recent movie, but I can tell you he produced The Incredible Hulk and starred in The Incredible Hulk.
You're welcome.
Yes, Virat Kohli is an Indian international cricketer who is a cricket player. Do you like cricket?
Yes, he's a basketball player. He plays point guard for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
Yes, he's a great player. He won the 2012 PGA Championship and the 2012 Summer Olympics.
I don't know much about him other than he's a basketball player. What's your favorite sport?
No I didn't know that. What is your favorite sport?
No, I don't. I'm more of a basketball fan. Who's your favorite player?
To Kill a Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee who also wrote Go Set a Watchman.
Go Set a Watchman is a Thriller and was released in 2015.
I'm not sure, but Go Set a Watchman is fiction like To Kill a Mockingbird.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it is a great movie. It was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr. and stars Seth Rogen. Are you a fan of hers?
She also starred in Unleashed with Jennifer Lawrence.
You're welcome.
Yes, it was written by Maria Wiesel and was released in 1958.
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, it was released in English.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome.
The New York Rangers is a professional basketball team based in Chicago, Illinois
Yes, he did. The New York Yankees is owned by James L. Dolan and the New York Yankees.
Yes, he is. It is a nationality in the US.
Hayley Atwell starred in The Sweeney and The Pillars of the Earth. Have you seen either of those?
The Pillars of the Earth is a horror film starring Kate Beckinsale and Kate Beckinsale. Do you like horror films?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Richard Dawkins wrote The Selfish Gene and The Selfish Gene.
It was written in English and released in 2005. It's a great book.
Yes, it is a fiction. Do you like fiction?
Yes, he is an actor that starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that movie?
The Good, the Bad and the Ugly is a young-adult fiction starring Luigi Pistilli and Luigi Pistilli.
It is considered a Thriller and Drama.
The Good, the Bad and the Ugly stars Leonardo DiCaprio and it is an action film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, J. K. Rowling wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard and The Fault in Our Stars. Have you read them?
Sure! It was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Yes, it was. J.K. Rowling also wrote Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince.
You're welcome.
Catch 22 was written by Joseph Heller and is a war novel. Have you read it?
Catch-22 is a war book. It was written by Joseph Heller.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on any other satire movies.
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in The Road to El Dorado. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but Il nome della rosa was released in 1980.
You're welcome.
Yes, I do. It was written by Dan Brown and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
Tom Hanks also starred in the movie Larry Crowne which is a comedy.
It was released in 1996 and starred Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
You're welcome.
I don't know much about him, I know he plays cricket. Is he a cricket player?
I don't know too much about Cricket. Is he from India?
Yes, he won the 2012 olympic gold medal. Do you know who he is?
Chris Cleave wrote The Other Boleyn Girl and The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you read them?
The Other Hand is a Non-fiction. Do you like Non-fiction?
Yes, it is. It was released in 2008 and is in the genre of Fantasy.
Yes, Chris Cleave was born in Tehran and he also wrote The Subterraneans.
Sure, Zoe's Tale and Z for Zachariah are both from the United Kingdom.
Sure,ordering it now. Enjoy!
Yes, I love her song Till the World Ends. Have you heard of it?
I do like his music. Did you know that Johnny Cash starred in The Muppets?
i love his music. do you know if he was in the movie?
i love him. do you know who he is?
i love country music. what about you?
A Beautiful Mind is a drama and a crime fiction. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Yes, he is. He also starred in The Wedding Belles. Have you seen it?
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie!
You're welcome.
Emma Donoghue wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. Have you read it?
Yes it was, and the Wonder was released in 2016 as a thriller.
I'm not sure, but I know it was released in 2016 and is in the English language.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy!
You too!
Do you like Les Miserables because it is written by Christopher Nolan?
Claude-Michel Besson also wrote The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which is a romantic comedy
Sure Miss Saigon is a horror film starring Xander Berkeley and was released in 2012.
It was released in 2011 and is a drama/drama
Yes, it was written by Sylvia Plath and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Lois Lowry also wrote The Sum of All Fears and The Sum of All Fears.
Great, I'll add that to your list.
Yes, it was written by Cassandra Clare and released in 2013. Are you a fan of hers?
Cassandra Clare also wrote The Infernal Devices and Timework Princess.
Sure, Bane Chronicles is a young-adult fiction book released in 2012. It was released in 2012.
The Mortal Instruments was released in 2013. I hope you enjoy it.
Do you like Dumb and Dumber because it's a thriller?
Life Aquatic stars Nicky Katt, Nicky Katt, and Jada Pinkett Smith.
I don't have any information on his other movies but I can tell you he is a writer
I'm sorry, I don't have any other comedies available
You're welcome
Richelle Mead wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. Have you read that one?
Vampire Academy was written by Richelle Mead and is in the Fantasy genre. Do you like Fantasy books?
I'm not sure when it was released but it is similar to Thorn Queen.
You're welcome
A Dance with Dragons is written by John Green and is a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy?
George R. R. Martin also wrote A Dance with Dragons, which is a Speculative novel.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know too much about him, I know he is a soccer player. Is he a soccer player?
I don't know much about soccer, but I do know Sergio Agüero plays for the Manchester United F.C. soccer team. Who is your favorite player?
I don't know too much about soccer, I'm not much of a soccer fan.
Marlon Brando starred in the Young Lions and The Wild One. Have you seen them?
It's a crime drama. Do you like crime drama?
The Score was directed by Steven Spielberg. He's been around a long time.
I'm not sure but I do know that he is a tennis player.
I have not. I am more of a tennis fan. I am not a big fan of Serena Williams. Do you like tennis?
Yes, that was a great year for sports.
I don't know much about him other than he's a cricket player. Are you a fan?
I'm not a big fan of Bollywood but I do know Shakihar is from India. Who's your favorite actor?
Yes, he's influanced by George Orwell. He's a great actor.
Fifty Shades Darker was written by E.B. White, who also wrote Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind. Have you read that one?
Yes, he wrote My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories, Landline and Eleanor & Park.
Carry On was written by Christopher Bigsby. It is a speculative fiction novel.
You're welcome. Have a good day.
11/22/63 is written by Stephen King and released in 2011. Do you like Stephen King books?
The Stand is another one he wrote.
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy!
Alejandro G. Isn't he a director? He directed The Day After Tomorrow and The Day After Tomorrow. Have you seen those?
I'm not sure but it is a horror
Yes the revenant was released in 2014
Sure, Catherine belsey wrote a Midsummer Night's Dream.
He also wrote Romeo and Juliet and A Midsummer Night's Dream.
I'm not a big play fan but I do know that it was released in 1595.
Yes, it is written by James Dashner and stars Scarlett Johansson and Morgan Freeman.
He also starred in The Long Way Home and The Civil War. Have you seen them?
Yes it is and The Bucket List is more of a comedy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Dallas Cowboys are a professional football team based in the United States. Do you like football?
yea he is also a quarterback
I am not sure but they have a good Super Bowl
You're welcome
It was written by Stieg Larsson and was released in 2007.
Yes, he was a writer and a Journalist as well as a writer.
Yes, he did. He also wrote Luftslottet and a Journalist.
You're welcome.
The Notebook was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Nicholas Spark movies?
If you liked World War Z, you might also like The Time Traveler's Wife. It's a great Romance book.
World War Z is a Thriller. Also World War Z is a Psychological thriller.
You're welcome.
Oliver Stone is an American film director and film director. He directed The Doors. Are you a fan of his?
Yes, he is. He also starred in The Doors. Have you seen it?
If you like The Doors, you might also like The Fault in Our Stars. It's a thriller.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Katy Perry is a great singer and actress. She starred in The Warrior and Where the Wild Things Are. Have you seen them?
That is a good one, did you know she also starred in The Muppets 2?
I didn't know that, but I know she is from the United States of America.
Yes, Chelsea is a family film and a romance film. Do you like romance films?
I am not sure about that, but I do know it is a great place to visit.
I don't know too much about soccer, but I do know it is a good place to visit.
I am more of a basketball fan. I am more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan.
She's great! She's been around for a long time. She's been around a long time. She's been around a long time. She's been around a long time.
The Collected Poems with Ted Hughes was released in 1817. It's considered a Poetry. Do you like poetry?
Herman Melville wrote Moby Dick and The Whale. Have you read either of those?
Edgar Wright wrote a lot of books. He is also a scientist and a scientist. Are you a fan?
The World's End is a film starring Tom Hanks. Are you interested in films starring Tom Hanks?
The World's End was adapted to film and produced by Edgar Wright as a comedy genre. You might also enjoy the movie The Time Traveler's Wife.
Yes, he is a great actor. He was born in Mumbai and plays cricket. Are you a fan?
I don't know too much about it. I know it is a basketball movie. Do you like it?
It is an exciting sport to watch. It is more of a soccer team.
Yes, I love her music. She's a great singer. She's also a singer and a singer. Do you like her?
I like her song Whatcha say. Do you know it?
No, I didn't see that one. I'm more of a Disney fan. Do you like Disney movies?
She's been around a long time. She's been around a long time. She's been around a long time.
Sure, he wrote The Pillars of the Earth and The Sea of Monsters. Have you read them?
It is children's literature that was turned into a drama. Do you enjoy drama?
Sure, he also wrote A Man Named Desire and A Man Named Desire. Have you heard of these?
You're welcome, enjoy!
They're coached by Louis van Gaal. Are you a soccer fan?
I am not sure, do you follow soccer?
Do you have any information about that airport is there?
Sure, he directed Deadpool which is a thriller and Tim Miller starred in. Have you seen it?
Number the Stars is written by Sylvia Plath and is a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Lois Lowry also wrote When the Wind Blows and The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you read those?
Yes, Gathering Blue is a speculative fiction and was released in 2014.
Jennifer L. Armentrout wrote Wicked and Wicked. Have you read either of those?
I'm not sure, but I do know that it was released in 2012.
Wicked is a Drama that also won the Pulitzer Prize for Drama.
Yes, Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and he also wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
Yes, he did write Pnin, did you know he was a teacher?
Lolita is more of a thriller and suspense genre.
Baz Luhrmann directed The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby.
Yes Baz Luhrmann starred in The Great Gatsby. It was adapted from the book and adapted from the book.
To Kill a Mockingbird stars Robert Duvall and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome.
The Perks of Being a Wallflower is a Thriller and was written by Stephen Chbosky. Do you like Thrillers?
Then you'd like To Kill a Mockingbird. It's considered a Drama. It's more of a drama.
The Talented Mr. Ripley is a great Children's Literature movie. It's a Historical period drama.
It was released in 2003 and is a Romance/Drama.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, I do. He's a singer, songwriter, and songwriter. Do you like his music?
I don't know too much about his song, but I do know he is a singer from the U.K.
I don't know too much about his album, but I do know he has a relationship with Justin Bieber.
You're welcome
Sure, he wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you read that one?
The Looking Glass is one of his notable works
You're welcome
The Lion King and The Lion King are two of her movies.
The Lion King was released in 2014.
Jackie Brown was written by Quentin Tarantino. It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Grindhouse is a great movie. It was directed by Quentin Tarantino. He also directed and produced The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in The Princess Diaries. Have you seen it?
Yes, he is a great actor. He also starred in The Princess Diaries. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you he was a famous spiderman as well.
Deborah Harkness wrote The Time Traveler's Wife and The Time Traveler's Wife.
It's a great book. It was written by Robert Mark Kamen, who also wrote The Looking Glass Wars.
Yes, he also wrote The Sum of All Fears and The Sum of All Fears.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Marked is written by Richelle Mead. Do you like young-adult fiction?
I'm not sure, but P.C. Cast also wrote Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth
I'll add that one to your read list.
You're welcome.
Yes, it was written by Sophie Kinsella and released in 2003. Are you a fan of hers?
It was released in 2012 and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, Pushing Ice is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome.
Sure, he wrote Travels with Charley: In Search of America, and Travels with Charley: In Search of America. Have you read any of these?
I don't have that information, but I do know that it was written by John Steinbeck.
He wrote Travels with Charley: In Search of America and he also wrote Travels with Charley: In Search of America.
You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York, Mariner. Have you read it?
I'm not sure who else wrote that book, but Robinson Crusoe is a writer.
Sure, he also wrote A Time to Kill and The Time Traveler's Wife.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Ben Affleck wrote and directed The Town. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was in that film as an actor. He also starred in a movie called The Lion King.
Argo is a great movie. I think you will enjoy it.
Ant-Man is a Thriller starring Scarlett Johansson and Michael Chernus.
I don't know much about Takers, but I can tell you it was directed by Roland Emmerich.
Yes, Ruby Dee also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine.
Yes, I love her music. She's very talented and is also a singer. Do you like her music?
Yes, Whitney Houston is a singer and a musician. Do you like her music?
I don't know too much about her music but I do know she is friends with Miley Cyrus and Jessie J.
Yes, Kesha is an author. She wrote My Love is Gone Baby Gone. Have you heard of her?
She sings Tik Tok and Swept Away. Do you like her?
i dont have that information. what else can i do for you?
yes she did. do you like her music?
Do you like Forrest Gump because it stars Tom Hanks?
Forrest Gump starring Tom Hanks is a Comedy-drama. It's a Historical period drama. Do you like those?
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote Yellow Submarine with John Lennon.
Do you like Peter Pan because it was written by Michael Hague or because it was a thriller?
Yes, he is. He also wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Have you read that one?
Yes, it is. It is considered children's literature.
You're welcome.
Yes, A Farewell to Arms is written by Ernest Hemingway. Are you a fan of his work?
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Sun Also Rises.
Yes, it is a Philosophy book.
No, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The Storm Front was written by Rick Riordan and is a speculative fiction book. Do you like those genres?
Have you tried The Maze Runner or The Maze Runner? They are both speculative fictions.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, he directed The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen those?
Yes, Celia Weston starred in The Box. It's a psychological thriller.
I don't know when it was released.
Yes. Bill Murray also starred in The Matrix Reloaded.
Yes. It's a great movie. You should check it out. It's a horror movie.
You're welcome.
Yes, it was written by Steve Kloves. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Aldous Huxley also wrote The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell which is a horror novel.
Yes, I have read that one. It was written by Aldous Huxley.
Great! I hope you enjoy!
Daughter of Smoke & Bone was written by Laini Taylor and released 2011.
Laini Taylor also wrote Daughter of Smoke & Bone which was released in 2011. Would you like to know more about this book?
It was released in 2014 and is in the English language. Would you like to know more about this author?
He directed The Stand, which is a Thriller/Drama. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, they are. Source Code is Sci-Fi. Are you interested in Sci-Fi movies?
Robert Downey Jr., Robert Downey Jr., Robert Downey Jr., Robert Downey Jr. are all in this movie.
Yes, it was written by David Koepp and stars Seth Rogen. Are you interested in it?
No, I haven't. I'm more of a thriller fan. Do you like thriller?
Yes, he is. It's a thriller and a biography.
Ice Age is a Thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like Thriller movies?
Yes, he also starred in Ice Age and the sequel Ice Age.
Do you like it because it is a song or because it is a Romance?
Then you'd like to hear it. It's a Thriller. It's also considered a Drama.
If I Stay is a Romance film starring Matt Damon and was released in 2012.
You're welcome!
The New York Jets is a professional American football team based in Chicago, Illinois
I don't know much about their mascot, but I do know they're owned by Wayne Weaver.
I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. Who's your favorite team?
Yes, he's a great quarterback.
Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I don't know much about him, but I know he's a soccer player.
I don't know much about soccer, I don't know much about it. Is it a soccer team?
I don't know too much about them, but I do know they are coached by David Platt.
Yes, it was written by M. Night Shyamalan and stars Thomas Lennon. Have you seen it?
You might like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee and Katharine McPhee. It's a thriller.
Sure, M. Night Shyamalan also wrote Gone Baby Gone which is also a Thriller.
You're welcome.
Living Dead in Dallas is written by Charlaine Harris and is a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Charlaine Harris also wrote Dead Dead in Dallas...the book was released in 2002.
Yes, it is comedy, do you like comedy?
I do! It's a great comedy starring Michelle Pfeiffer. Are you a fan of hers?
Sure, he also wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard. Have you heard of that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on when it was released.
Young-adult fiction is a good one.
It was written by C.S Lewis and released in 1951. Are you interested in more books by C.S. Lewis?
I think she is a great singer, but I don't know much about her. I do like her music as a child actor?
Me too! I like her in The Giever and she was in The Giant too.
The Giver is a great Sci-Fi movie. Did you know Selena Gomez starred in the movie?
Dead to the World is written by Charlaine Harris and is in the Fantasy genre. Do you like Fantasy?
Yes, Charlaine Harris is the author of Dead to the World.
She also wrote Dead to the World. Have you heard of it?
It is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
I know he's a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers. Are you a fan?
That's right, he is a Point guard right?
I don't know of any other Point guards. Is there anything else I can help with?
I don't know of any other Point guards. I know he is a basketball player.
Batman Begins is a superhero movie. Do you like superhero movies?
He also directed The Dark Knight Rises. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, The Son of Neptune is written by Rick Riordan. Are you a fan of his work?
Yes he did and he also wrote The Throne of Fire
Yes, The Throne of Fire is another fantasy book by Rick Riordan.
Sure, let me know if you need anything else.
Breakfast of Champions is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr. and is a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
It's a great Speculative fiction book. It was written by John Green and is a sequel to Breakfast of Champions.
Yes, he also wrote Welcome to the Monkey House and Welcome to the Monkey House.
You're welcome.
I think he's a good basketball player, but I don't know much about him. What do you think?
I have not, but it is a great movie. Do you like it?
Yes, it is. It is considered a drama.
She wrote Snow Flower and The Secret Garden. Have you read any of these?
Snow Flower and the Secret Fan is a Speculative fiction novel released in 2011. It's considered a Fantasy.
I don't know any other books by her, but Snow Flower and the Secret Fan is a series about Shanghai Girls.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Tom Brady.
He's a quarterback for the New England Patriots. He's a quarterback.
The New England Patriots are a professional football team based in England.
I think he's a great singer, but I don't know much about him. Do you like him?
Yes, she was great in that one and he also starred in What's Your Number?
Yes, she was in that one and he also starred in The Princess Diaries. Have you seen that one?
Sure, Ros Ballaster wrote Sense and Sensibility, which is a Historical period drama.
Jane Austen wrote Sense and Sensibility and she also wrote Sense and Sensibility
Jane Austen also wrote Sense and Sensibility
Nightcrawler is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he does. He also starred in The Longest Yard.
Yes, I do. It's a great family movie.
I don't know much about that movie, but I can tell you it was written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
You're welcome.
Yes, he directed The Lives of Others and The Tourist. Have you seen either of those?
The Live of Others is a drama, starring Ulrich Tukur. He also starred in The Last Samurai.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Sure, Hilda Rosner wrote Siddhartha. Have you read it?
Siddhartha was written by Hilda Rosner and she also wrote The Godfather
It was written in the year 1922
Coraline is written by James Dashner and is a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
He also wrote The Sandman: Endless Nights and The Sandman: Endless Nights.
Yes, Vanilla Sky is a great book. It was written by Neil Gaiman and it was released in 2011. I think you'd like it.
Yes, he's a great actor. He also starred in The Muppets. You might like that one as well.
Rory Kinnear is an actor who starred in Wilder Napalm and Wilder Napalm.
Rory Kinnear starred in Wilder Napalm and Wilde Dancing.
It's a comedy-drama, starring Kevin Spacey and Kevin Dillane. It's a great movie.
It's a great movie starring Matt Damon, Josh Brolin, Josh Brolin, Josh Brolin, Josh Brolin, and Josh Brolin
I'm not sure but he starred in The Mists of Avalon which is a Science Fiction Film
You got it!
Yes, Spike Lee starred in a lot of movies. He's a writer, director, and director. He also directed The Warrior's Way, which is a comedy.
I don't know any other movies in that genre, but I do know Summer of Sam is a comedy.
It was written and directed by Rian Johnson. It was released in 2002.
Yes, he also starred in the movie A Bug's Life.
You're welcome!
I know they're in the National Football League. Are you a fan of them?
i like the reds. do you know who the team is?
i think the steelers will make it to the super bowl this spring
I think she is a great writer. She wrote Tina Fey as a writer. Do you like her work?
Sure, she also wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. Have you read it?
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Yes, Tatiana de Rosnay is an author who wrote Boomerang. Have you read it?
She is a speculative fiction writer.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes, they were written by Tatiana and released in 2009.
You're welcome
Big Hero 6 is starring Daniel Henney and Joshua Leonardo DiCaprio.
I'm not sure about that one, but I do know it was written by Stephen King.
Yes, it was written by Jeffrey Nachmanoff and is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure, I'll add it now.
Yes, he starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and X-Men: First Class.
I don't know any other movies by Jay Roach but he also directed Zero Dark Thirty which is a comedy.
Certainly. Hope you enjoy it.
Heath Ledger starred in The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Revolutions, and The Matrix Revolutions.
10 Things I Hate About You is a comedy starring Heath Ledger and was released in 2001
I do not have that information, but I can tell you it was written by John Scalzi
Josh Boone directed The Fault in Our Stars and The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen either of those?
Yes he did and he also directed and starred in the movie The Fault in Our Stars.
Yes, he did. Nat Wolff also starred in The Fault in Our Stars.
Lost in Translation was written by Sofia Coppola and stars Scarlett Johansson and Kate Beckinsale. Do you like her movies?
Runaway Bride is a romantic comedy starring Matt Damon and Jeff Bridges. Do you like romantic comedies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
King Kong is a horror movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like horror films?
King Kong is a great movie. You might also enjoy the sequel King Kong: King Kong.
X-Men is a horror film and a sci-fi. Do you like horror films?
The Godfather was written by Francis Ford Coppola and stars Marlon Brando. Do you like Francis Ford Coppola films?
Rocky is directed by Francis Ford Coppola.
Yes, it is a great book written by James Dashner. Have you read it?
I have not, but I know The Maze Runner was written by James Dashner
Yes I do, The Scorch Trials is also Science Fiction as well as The Maze Runner.
Yes, they are a soccer team from Spain. Do you like soccer?
I don't know much about soccer, but I do enjoy American football. Who's your favorite player?
I don't know much about Wildcats, but I do know it was written by David Aikman
Yes, he was. He was also in The Hunger Games. Have you seen it?
Sure, Christopher Nolan starred in The Dark World and also in The Dark World.
She also starred in A Christmas Carol and The Princess Diaries.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Frankenstein, The Modern Prometheus is one of her works.
Frankenstein is considered a historical fiction.
Yes, I would. It was written by Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley.
You're welcome.
Catch 22 was written by Joseph Heller and is in the Speculative fiction genre.
Playwright is a satire and was released in 2006.
Zane Grey is a screenwriter and a screenwriter. I don't know what else he wrote, but he is a screenwriter.
You got it! I hope you enjoy!
Yes, Amelie is a singer, songwriter, and actress. She starred in a few movies. Would you like to hear more about her?
He also wrote A Thousand Splendid Suns, which is a romance novel.
Yes, he did. He also wrote Engagement as well.
I'm not sure but I can tell you it was a biography.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Paul Thomas Anderson directed The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen any of these?
There are several people in that movie, including Will Be Blood.
I don't know when it was released, but I do know it was written by Stephen King.
It is considered a thriller and drama.
Sure, have a good day.
You're welcome.
That was a great movie! Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
That's a great movie. It's a sequel to Jurassic World. It's also a Sci-Fi movie.
Yes, it's a children's movie. It's also a Sci-Fi Thriller.
The Chicago Bulls are a basketball team owned by Jerry Reinsdorf. Do you like basketball?
The Chicago Bulls is a basketball team owned by Jerry Reinsdorf. Do you like basketball?
That's a great movie. Did you know Space Jam was filmed and produced by David Ayer?
Emilia Fox starred in Shooting the Past and Shooting the Past. Have you seen either of those?
Yes Blake Ritson starred in that movie
It is a comedy/drama also starring Robert Downey Jr.
No, I have not, but i will add it to my watch list
I don't know much about them, I'm more of a basketball fan. Are you a fan of theirs?
I'm not a big sports fan but I'm more of a baseball fan. Who's your favorite sport?
I haven't. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. Who's your favorite team?
Yes, Mindy Kaling wrote The Making of Star Wars: Episode VI - The Empire Strikes Back and The Island of the Blue Dolphins.
Yes, it was released in 2015 and was written by Mindy Kaling
You're Welcome
I'm not a big soccer fan but I do know they're coached by David Platt. Do you like soccer?
I am more of a baseball fan. What about you do you like to watch?
No, I haven't. What is the name of the stadium?
I don't know, but I do know that he is a singer.
Lois Lowry wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is a speculative fiction book.
They are Young-adult fiction and Children's literature.
Young Adult Fiction and Number the Stars is similar to Wildwood Dancing.
You're welcome.
Mere Christianity and Loved is a Christian literature written by C.S. Lewis. Do you like Christian literature?
Mere Christianity and LOVED was written by C.S. Lewis
It was written by J.K. Rowling
Yes, he plays for the Belgium national football team.
I don't know if he is ranked world No. 1 in the WTA singles.
That's right! He was a great tennis player.
It was written by Margaret Stohl and Kami Garcia. Have you heard of her?
Yes, he also directed and produced The Help
Is there anything else I can help you with
He's a German football player who plays for FC Bayern Munich and FC Bayern Munich II. Do you like soccer?
I don't know much about soccer, I don't know much about them. I do know they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
I'm not much of a soccer fan but I do know he's a good player.
Is he a soccer player? I don't know much about him.
That is a children's movie. Do you like children's literature?
I'm not sure but A Little Princess is a children's animated movie.
Yes Everlost is a Disney movie and Just After Sunset is a musical.
Terry wrote Wyrd Sisters and Witches Abroad.
It is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
I'd recommend Witches Abroad, Witches Abroad, and Witches Abroad.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Pacific Rim is a Thriller. It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Pacific Rim also starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class. Have you seen any of these?
Sure, Yesterday Was a Lie is a Psychological Thriller and was released in 2011.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it is starring Tom Hanks
Sure, enjoy the movies!
Fannie Flagg wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you read that one?
It was released in 1960 and is in the Children's literature genre. Do you like children's literature?
I don't know anything else about that movie, but I do know that it was written by Fannie Flagg and was released in English.
Intensity is a thriller and drama written by Robert Mark Kamen and released in 1987.
You're welcome.
I think he is a great quarterback but I don't know much about him. Do you like him?
He is a quarterback for the Carolina Panthers.
He is a quaterback
Yes, Train your Dragon 2 is a Thriller starring Matt Damon and is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, and Djimon Hounsou also starred in this movie.
Yes, Gerard Butler also starred in The Princess Bride, which is a Romantic Comedy
You're welcome, enjoy!
Moon is starring Tom Hanks and Tim Allen. Do you like Tim Allen?
Snow White and the Huntsman was written and starred Matt Berry. He also starred in a movie called Time Bandits.
Yes, he also starred in The Princess and the Frog. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
Anthony Daniels starred in The Improbable Adventures of Sherlock Holmes and The Prisoner of Azkaban. Have you seen any of these?
Yes, I love her music. My favorite song is Whatcha say. Do you know her?
i didn't know that. what other music do you like?
i love those songs. what about you do you think?
yea she did a great job on the radio. what about you?
Joe Turkel starred in a lot of movies. He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
The Dark Side of the Moon is a crime fiction movie
It is a comedy-drama.
I'm not sure if Joe Turkel starred in any horror movies, but he also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine. Have you seen it?
You're welcome
Sure, he wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bar and The Mother Tongue: English and How It Got That Way.
I'm not a big fan of historical novels. I'm more of a thriller fan.
No I haven't, but I will add it to my read list. Thanks for the information.
Yes, he wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you read that one?
Through the Looking Glass is a Thriller and Drama.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
The Lightning Thief was written by Rick Riordan and is in the Young-adult fiction genre. Do you like those genres?
Then you might also like Wildwood Dancing, Wildwood Dancing, and Wildwood Dancing.
There are 3 books in the series. The Lightning Thief is a sequel to The Lightning Thief.
Rick Riordan wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Have you heard of it?
Vespers Rising is a Thriller/Drama released in 2012.
I do, he's a great singer, songwriter and songwriter. Do you like his music?
He wrote Family Guy which is a Comedy-drama. He also starred in Water for Elephants.
Ted and Ted 2 was a comedy-drama. Do you like comedies?
I will add it to my watch list.
Maleficent stars Seth Rogen and Bill Paxton. Are you a fan of their actors?
Angelina Jolie also starred in The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded, and The Matrix Reloaded.
It is a comedy-drama.
If you like Crime movies, you might also like The Cradle of Life. It was written by Robert Mark Kamen
Yes, Zodiac is a Crime Thriller that was released in 2014 and directed by David Fincher.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I love her music. My favorite song is What's Your Number. Do you know her?
It was written by J.K. Rowling and is in the genre of Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I'm sorry, I don't have information on that one.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you more about Catching Fire.
Catching Fire is a Thriller starring Kristen Stewart.
You're welcome
Yes,It is written by Suzanne Collins.
E.B. White wrote The Elements of Style and Stuart Little. Have you read them?
Stuart Little is a Speculative fiction and Speculative fiction.
You might like Zoe's Tale. It's more of a children's literature.
I'm not sure if you'd like to read that one, but I can recommend another great children's book called Oz.
It was written by Peter Hyams.
You're welcome.
It was written by M.L Stedman and released in 2012. Do you like the genre or the author?
You might like The House of Seven Pounds or The House of Seven Pounds.
I'm not sure if it's a comedy but if you like drama you might like The Longest Ride.
Yes, he wrote Wuthering Heights and Wuthering Heights.
Yes, it is. It was released in 1817.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it is similar to Wuthering Heights.
Yes, Catherine Hardwicke directed and starred in Twilight. Have you seen that one?
She also directed The Matrix Reloaded, and The Matrix Reloaded.
Sure, it is a horror/mystery film based on the true story of a young girl who meets a young girl and falls into a young girl.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know he's a basketball player, but I don't know much about him. Is he a point guard for the Miami Heat?
I don't know much about him other than he is a basketball player. Do you like him?
Yes, she sings rhythm and blues and blues.
No, I haven't. What is your favorite song?
Yes, Odd Thomas is written by Dean Koontz and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he did. That was also a movie. Have you seen it?
You might also enjoy the book When the Wind Blows by James Patterson. It is a suspense book.
Michael Jackson is a great singer. Did you know he was born in Los Angeles?
Yes, Diana Ross starred in The Wiz and the first one to "Moonwalk"
Yes, that is a great one. My favorite one is The Wiz is The Wiz.
Yes, I do. She's a great singer. She's also been in Valentine's Day. Have you seen that movie?
I don't know much about Shakira, other than she is a singer. I know she is married to Hayden Panettiere.
I didn't know she starred in The Lorax with Danny DeVito, did you know she is a singer?
Yes, I do. She's a great singer. She's also been in Valentine's Day. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, that is correct. Did you know she starred in Valentine's Day? She also starred in Valentine's Day.
No, I haven't seen that one. Is it a Sci-Fi movie?
Gone in Sixty Seconds is written by Margaret Stohl and stars Thomas Lennon. Do you like family movies?
I don't know any other movies with Nicolas Cage but I do know that Angelina also starred in The Matrix Reloaded.
Season of the Witch is a fantasy and drama film
You are welcome.
Yes, he won the 2012 PGA Championship and the 2012 PGA Championship.
I don't know much about Tiger Woods, but I do know he is an athlete that plays golf as a point guard. Do you know who he is?
I am not a big sports fan but I do like football. Who is your favorite player?
She wrote The Princess Diaries and The Fault in Our Stars. Have you read either of those?
It's a Throne of Glass written by Sarah J Maas. It was released in 2014. It's considered a thriller.
She also wrote The Assassin's Blade which is similar to that one.
You might like The Assassin's Blade or The Assassin's Blade.
That's a great TV series! You may also like The Assassin's Blade. It's a TV series.
I think he is a good basketball player, but I don't know much about him. Is he your favorite player?
Not really. I'm more of a baseball fan. What's your favorite team?
Yeah, he's a basketball player too. I'm more of a baseball fan. What's your favorite sport?
I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the information!
I know that Brokeback Mountain is a Thriller film written by John Lee Hancock. Do you like Thriller movies?
Yes, it was based on the novel of Brokeback Mountain.
Yes, he was a cowboy and was directed by Robert Downey Jr... He was a great cowboy.
You're welcome.
Sure, A Thousand Splendid Suns is written by George R.R. Martin and is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
He also wrote A Thousand Splendid Suns, and A Thousand Splendid Suns.
The Kite Runner also stars Khaled Hosseini. Have you seen him?
The Last Olympian is written by Rick Riordan and was released in 2009.
Vespers Rising is a young-adult fiction book released in 2012.
Sure. I hope you enjoy it.
Carrie was written by James Dashner. It's a Autobiography. Do you like Autobiography?
Have you heard of A Walk in the Woods? It is also a movie based on a book.
The Wings of the Dove was written by John Scalzi and is a Thriller.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Catch Me If You Can was written by Liisa Garner and released in 2012. Do you like the genre of this movie?
Catch Me If You Can is a romantic comedy. He also starred in The Princess Diaries. Have you seen it?
I am not sure who else starred in it but I can tell you more
You are welcome.
Adam Brown starred in The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug and The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug.
James Nesbitt starred in this movie. Do you like him?
I think he's a good soccer player, but I don't know much about him. What about you?
I agree. He's a great player. He's also a forward.
I don't know too much about him. I think he's a good athlete.
Yes, it was written by Neil Gaiman and it is a horror novel. Do you like horror novels?
I don't know any other books by Neil Gaiman but I do know that it is a Fantasy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
Yes, he is a famous author. He wrote Theo Tolstoy. Have you read it?
It is a fiction book and was released in 1895
Yes, he also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
Great, hope you enjoy
Where'd You Go, Bernadette was written by Markus Zusak and he also wrote Where'd You Go, Bernadette.
This One Is Mine is a novel written in English and released in 2008.
I don't know any other romantic satires, but I can recommend another one called Where'd You Go, Bernadette.
It was released in 2005 and is a Romantic Satire.
You're welcome.
Sure! Mark Waters directed The Amazing Spider-Man 2, The Amazing Spider-Man 2, and The Amazing Spider-Man 2. Have you seen any of those?
Mr. Popper's Penguins stars Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
You're welcome, enjoy!
She wrote Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility. Have you read those?
It's a Thriller/Drama
I'm not sure, but it is similar to Women in Love
Yes it was written by D.H. Lawrence
you are welcome
Yes, it is a great movie starring Temuera Morrison and Jed Brophy. Do you like them?
I prefer action/adventure/fantasy type of movie.
I don't know what other movies he's in but I do know he is an actor.
I like her song Almost every Day. Do you have a favorite Britney Spears song?
That is a great song. Do you know who the song is by?
I am not a huge fan of her music, but I do like her movies.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Magic Johnson. Do you like them?
I do like to watch basketball games. My favorite team is the Lakers. Do you have a favorite team?
Yes, that was the same year as the Red Sox.
I will add that to my list.
127 Hours is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I do not have information on who starred in it, but I can tell you it is a Thriller movie.
You're welcome.
I don't really follow soccer, but I know he is a midfielder and forward. Do you know who he is?
Yeah, he's a midfielder. He's a forward and plays as a Forward.
I am not sure if he is a forward but I would say he is a very good player.
Captain America: Civil War is a war film starring Scarlett Johansson, Robert Downey Jr., and Chris Evans. Do you like the actors or the genre?
You might enjoy Captain America: Civil War. It was directed by Chris Evans. He also directed and starred in The Avengers.
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Lovie Smith and Lovie Smith.
I am not sure if he own any other teams.
Yes, he is alive. Have you been there?
The Oakland Raiders are a professional football team based in Oakland, California.
The National Football League is owned by Steve Ballmer and Mark Davis is an American professional football club based in Oakland, California. Do you know who the team is?
Yes, they are based in Los Angeles and played in the National Football League. Are you a fan of football?
That was written by John Steinbeck. Do you like his work?
Yes, he did and John Steinbeck wrote The Red Pony
He also wrote Travels with Charley: In Search of America
You are welcome
The Tennessee Titans are a professional football team based in Chicago, Illinois
Yes he did along with Ken Whisemhunt.
Yes River Oaks is in Houston and is in the United States.
He starred in XXX and The Chronicles of Riddick. Have you seen them?
I'm not sure, but The Chronicles of Riddick also starred Robert Downey Jr. and Kate Beckinsale.
Sure! Anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, Embeth was in Shackleton and Shackleton. Have you seen those?
I don't know much about him, but he is a great actor. Do you like his acting?
Kevin McNally also starred in Shackleton. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
It was written by James Dashner. Are you a fan of his work?
Well, from what I can tell, it appears to be a story of a murderer, he also wrote City of Bones, which is more of a political thriller, have you seen it?
Jennifer Lawrence starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and X-Men: First Class. Have you seen any of those?
I don't know who else was in X-Men, but Winter's Bone is a comedy.
Winter's Bone is a comedy/drama. Do you like comedies?
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
Do you like Shrek 2 because it's a family movie?
I'm not sure about other comedies like Shrek but I can tell you Shrek 2 is a family comedy.
He wrote The Stand, The Stand, and The Stand. Have you read any of those?
The Dead Zone is a horror book written by Stephen King and is part of a series. Do you enjoy horror books?
I'm not sure but I can tell you more about Creepshow. Have you read it?
Sure, Jeff Garlin starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and in the Garden of Good and Evil. Have you seen any of those?
Jeff Garlin was in I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With. He also starred in Jumanji.
Jeff Garlin produced I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With.
Yes, he is a football player from Belgium and plays for the Belgium national football team. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about Tiger Woods but I know he is an athlete who plays midfielder.
Yes, he is with Lindsey Vonn. Do you like her?
The Catcher in the Rye was written by J.D. Salinger, do you like his work?
Yes, you are correct. The Voyage of the Dawn Treader was released in 1951.
I'm not sure but it was released in 1951.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Roland Emmerich wrote The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Have you read either of those?
Yes, they were. I am not a big motion picture picture picture picture picture picture picture.
Yes, he was. He also starred in The Day After Tomorrow.
You're welcome, enjoy!
L.M Montgomery wrote We Rode in Trucks and The House of Sand. Have you read any of those?
The Complete Anne of Green Gables is also written by L.M. Montgomery and is in the genre of Children's Literature.
You're welcome!
Jane Eyre is a speculative fiction book written by William Shakespeare. Do you like that genre?
He wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you read that one?
He wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and also wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.
You are correct. Lewis Carroll wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.
Lewis Carroll also wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.
You're welcome.
He wrote The Scarlet Letter. Have you read it?
Nina Baym wrote The Scarlet Letter, which is a historical novel. Do you like historical fiction?
Yes, it is considered a romance and a biography.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Lost World: Jurassic Park stars Robert Downey Jr and Michael Caine. Do you like any particular genre?
Yes, that is correct. She also starred in The Spy with Rosie O'Donnell.
Yes. Tom Hanks also starred in The Simpsons. Have you seen it?
Sure. Tom Hanks also starred in The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
Yes, he plays for the Manchester United F.C. soccer team. Do you like soccer?
That's where the Beatles started. I don't know much about soccer, are you a Beatles fan?
Yes, Victoria is also a musician and a musician
Do you like books written by John Grisham? He wrote Xenocide.
You might also enjoy The Handmaid's Tale. It was written by John Grisham and is a suspense novel.
You're welcome.
I have not, but I know he is a soccer player from the Portugal national football team.
I'm not sure. I don't know much about soccer. Is Cristiano Ronaldo a good player?
I don't know much about soccer. I don't know much about soccer. I'm more of a soccer fan.
The Last Olympian was written by Rick Riordan. Are you looking for more books by him or more books by him?
The Battle of the Labyrinth is written by Rick Riordan.
He also wrote The Son of Neptune
Sure! Fifty Shades of Grey is a novel written by E.B. White and is in the Fiction genre.
Fifty Shades of Grey is a Speculative fiction. It was released in 2014.
I'm not sure, but E.L. James also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories.
You're welcome.
Sure, he wrote The Sicilian and The Last Don. Have you read either of those?
Yes, you are correct. It was released in 1982 and is a drama.
I'm not sure, but it was released in 2005 and is a drama.
She wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath and The Journals of Sylvia Plath. Do you like her work?
The Collected Poems was released in 1963 and The Journals of Sylvia Plath is considered a poetry. Do you like poetry?
You're welcome!
22 Jump Street is a Thriller starring Katharine McPhee. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, 2014 was a movie called Unbreakable. It was directed by Chris Rock.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Toy Story 2 is a Sci-Fi Thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Toy Story 2 is starring Matt Damon and is a Thriller.
Toy Story 2 is a Thriller
You're welcome
Sure, he directed The One That Got away and The One That Got away. Have you seen them?
Simon West is an actor and director. He starred in The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded.
Yes, Jason Stratham starred in The Mechanic and he also starred in Wreck-It Ralph.
You're welcome!
Magnolia was written by Sylvester Stallone. It's a Romantic Comedy
Yes, he was in Ratatouile. Have you seen it?
Yes, you are correct. I think you will like him in Ratatouille.
Do you like City of Glass because it is a Speculative fiction or because it is a Fantasy?
I am not sure about the release date of the book, but I can tell you City of Ashes was also released in 2008.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Moby Dick is a Speculative fiction book. The Whale is written by Stephen King. Are you interested in other books by him?
Yes, Billy Budd, Sailor was written by him. It is a speculative fiction book.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Natalie Portman starred in No Strings Attached. Have you seen it?
I'd recommend Zoolander. It's a romantic comedy.
I'm not sure, but I can recommend some other romantic comedies starring Natalie Portman.
Hesher is a Romantic Comedy.
I'm not sure, but I can recommend some other Drama films starring Rainn Wilson.
You're welcome.
Yes, Moulin Rouge is written by Christopher Nolan. It is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he was in Van Helsing. He also starred in The Jungle Book 2.
That's a good one! It's a great movie. I highly recommend it.
Sure! Leonardo DiCaprio starred in The Aviator, which is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
He also starred in The Aviator. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome
Yes, it is a great book written by Dr. Seuss. Do you like his work?
It was written by Robert A. Heinlein
Sure he also wrote The Subtle Knife and The Subtle Knife.
You're welcome
Sure, he wrote The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers and The Two Towers. Have you read them?
Martin Scorsese wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
Joe Pesci also starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen that one?
Twilight is written by Stephanie Meyer, she also wrote The Chemist. Have you seen it?
She also wrote The Chemist. Have you read that one?
You're welcome!
Sure, James Dashner starred in The Scorch Trials and The Maze Runner. Have you seen those?
Yes it was, and it was directed by James Dashner and released in 2009.
I'm not sure when you reach me but I do know it was directed by James Dashner.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
Cat's Cradle was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. and is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Fall of Hyperion was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. He is a great author.
Sure, Zoe's Tale is a great Speculative fiction book.
You're welcome.
Yes, it was written by Philip Pullman and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like Crime Fiction?
He has also starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen those?
Yes, he also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Catcher in the Rye was written by J.D. Salinger. He also wrote Franny and Zooey.
Catcher in the Rye was written by J.D. Salinger and is in the genre of Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Thecatcher in the Rye is a literary realism. Would you like to hear more about it?
Sure, Basher Savage starred in Gravity. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Gravity was released in 2005. It is a romantic comedy. Do you like that kind of movie?
I'm not sure. But, I know Gravity was directed by David Ayer. He also produced and directed The Matrix Reloaded.
Sean Penn wrote Into the Wild and starred in Into the Wild. Have you seen those?
It was written by Vince Vaughn and he also starred in Zombieland
Yes, he did. Vince Vaughn also starred in Deep Blue Sea which is a comedy
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he is an actor who starred in The Hangover and The Hangover. Have you seen either of those?
I don't know much about her, but I do know she starred in a movie called Time Bandits. Have you seen it?
Ed Harris also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Ed Harris also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and X-Men: First Class
Is Everyone Hanging Out Without Me is written by Robert Mark Kamen and is a Social Criticism book. Do you like social criticism?
John Lasseter starred in The Pillars of the Earth and The Half-Blood Prince.
Yes, Tom Hanks also starred in that movie. Would you like to hear more about that?
Walt Disney is a family movie and it was released in 2005.
Yes, The Shaggy Dog is a comedy.
I will add to your watch list.
Will do. Hope you enjoy!
Moby Dick was written by Tom Quirk and he also wrote The Crucible. Have you read it?
He also wrote Moby Dick. It's a Historical period drama.
It was written in English and released in 1851.
You're welcome!
Sure! Arthur Miller is an American author born in Honolulu. He was born in Honolulu. Are you a fan of his?
Sure, The Civil War was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. He also starred in Apocalypse Now.
Yes, it was written by Robert C. O'Brien.
Yes, he directed Deadpool. Have you seen that one?
Deadpool is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you Deadpool was directed by Tim Miller. He also directed Deadpool. Have you seen it?
I know they are a professional football team based in Chicago, Illinois
I don't know much about him, but I do know Ken Whisenhunt is a basketball player.
Yes, it was written by Malcolm Gladwell and released in 2000.
Yes, he is. He also wrote What the dog Saw and Other Adventures: The Story of Success.
I love family films. Then you might also like The Last Samurai. It's a great family film.
You're welcome.
Yes, he is a cricket player. He plays point guard for the Mumbai Indians.
Yes, I am a big fan of it. Do you know who it is?
I don't know too much about it. I know Imran Khan is a cricket player. Who is your favorite cricket player?
I don't know a lot about cricket but I do know he is a politician.
I'm not sure if he is a politician but I do know he is a politician.
I don't know much about it, but I do know it was written by Stan Lee and starring Scarlett Johansson.
He also wrote The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and The Incredible Hulk.
Thor was a great one. You might also like The Incredible Hulk or The Avengers.
Sure! Divergent is a Young-adult fiction written by Veronica Roth. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Yes, Alfred MacAdam wrote The Time Machine and The Invisible Man and Northanger Abbey Abbey.
I don't know when it was released, but I do know that it was written by Alfred MacAdam.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
Do you like Kill Bill: Vol. 1 because it's a Thriller?
Then you might also like Zombieland or X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen those?
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie!
She directed Zero Dark Thirty and Zero Dark Thirty. Have you seen those?
Zero Dark Thirty is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I'm not sure if it is historical. Is there anything else I can help with?
You're welcome.
Homer wrote The Odyssey and Iliad. Have you read them?
I have not, but I know it was written by Christopher Bigsby. Do you like Fantasy?
Great, I'll add it to your watch list.
The Hateful Eight is a Thriller starring Jennifer Lawrence. Do you like thrillers?
That was written and directed by Quentin Tarantino. Do you like horror films?
Wyatt Earp is a horror film. Do you like horror films?
Yes, he is a soccer player and plays for the Germany national football team. Do you like soccer?
Yes, I do. I like American Football better than football.
I like Seattle Seahawks and the Chargers. Who's your favorite team?
Bradley Cooper starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Yes, I do. I like Will Ferrell and Vince Vaughn because he starred in The Wedding Crashers. Have you seen it?
Yes, he also wrote The Wedding Crashers. Have you seen that one?
Great! I'll add it to your watch list.
Coldplay is a good band. I'm not a big fan of their music but I do like their music. Do you like their music?
I don't know too much about Rock Vocal Performance. Who else do you like to listen to?
I like all the songs. What about you? Do you know who is your favorite artist?
Anthony Russo directed The Theory of Everything which is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Margaret R. Higonnet wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented and others.
Margaret R. Higonnet also wrote A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented and it was released in 1891.
You're welcome.
Yes, Albert Finney starred in We Bought a Zoo and We Bought a Zoo. Have you seen those?
Sure, Tony Richardson starred in a lot of movies. He's a great actor. He's also a director, producer, and director. He is also a director.
Norton Juster wrote The Phantom Tollbooth. It's a great book.
You might like Zoe's Tale and Z for Zachariah. Both are speculative fiction.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I'm not a huge basketball fan but I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. Are you a fan?
My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks. Who's yours?
I'm not a big fan of music. I'm more of a Lakers fan. Who's your favorite player?
Rick Yancey wrote The Midsummer Night's Dream, The Last Summer (of You and Me) and The Infinite Sea.
Sure! The Last Star is a Young-adult fiction book written by Rick Yancey. It was released in 2012.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
The Pelican Brief was written by James Dashner, who also wrote The Rainmaker and The Rainmaker.
Sure, he also wrote The Pelican Brief and The Pelican Brief. Have you read those?
You're welcome!
Sure, J.R. Ward wrote The Shadowhunter's Code and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass, and City of Glass.
The Shadows is a dystopian novel. Do you like dystopian fiction?
You're welcome.
He wrote The Fault in Our Stars and The Fault in Our Stars. Have you read either of those?
Yes he does. He also wrote The Fault in Our Stars and The Fault in Our Stars.
You're welcome.
Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Adventures.
I don't know anything else about The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, but Mervyn Peake wrote that one as well.
Sure, Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and was released in 1886.
Sure, he wrote Wicked Lovely and Wicked Lovely. Have you read either of those?
Walking Disaster was released in 2014. It's a Thriller/Drama.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Lucky one is written by Nicholas Sparks. Are you a fan of his work?
Sure, it was released in 2014 and is in English.
Sure, he also wrote Two by Two and The Wedding.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Joy Luck Club is written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King.
You might also like the Harry Potter series, The Prisoner of Azkaban. It's a drama.
Then you'll like The Bonesetter's Daughter. It's a good one.
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski and stars Keanu Reeves. Do you like her movies?
Then you might also like The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded.
Yes, he starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Yes, Robin Wright starred in White Oleander as well as in The Soloist.
Yes, he was in The Blue Butterfly. I'm not sure if he was in it.
I don't know much about them, I do know their coach is John Farrell. Do you like baseball?
I don't know much about baseball, I am more of a baseball fan. What about you?
The Williams sisters are a great tennis player. My favorite is Roger Federer. Do you like them?
What is your favorite tennis player?
Yes, she is a singer, songwriter and songwriter. She starred in What's Your Number? and The Giver. Have you heard of them?
Yes, I like her too. She has a great voice. She is a very talented person. Do you like her music?
I would definitely recommend Pop Rock, it is a great Pop music movie. She also has a great voice. She is a great singer.
I don't know much about him, but I know he's married to Hayden Panettiere.
I don't know much about him, but I know he's married to Hayden Panettiere.
Carol Christensen wrote Como agua para chocolate. It was released in 1989.
Yes, it was released in 1989 and is in English.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it was written in English.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver. Do you know them?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you have a favorite team?
I think I'd have to root for the Steelers. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan.
Yeah, I think I'll have to go to the Superbowl.
Yes, I do! She wrote My Sister's Keeper, which is a great book. Have you read it?
That's a good one. She also wrote The Princess Diaries. Have you read it?
Wedding Night was released in 2014. I don't know who else was released.
Yes, I can write a lot of books
Yes, they are available online
You're welcome.
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in The Matrix Reloaded and in The Matrix Reloaded.
Leo Tolstoy wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories.
I'm not sure but I can tell you it was released in 1895.
You're welcome.
You're welcome!
Do you like Leonardo DiCaprio or James Cameron?
Yes, Avatar was written by James Cameron
James Cameron is the leading male cast
James cameron also wrote Avatar
I am not sure but Avatar is a science fiction
Yes, there is another book written by Stieg Larsson called The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo.
I do! Stieg Larsson also wrote The Jungle Book and The Jungle Book.
He was born in Santa Monica, California. He was influenced by William Shakespeare.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them, but I know they are coached by Fernando Hierro and Jose Mourinho.
hes a forward. do you like him?
they are a good team. do you like them?
yea hes good. hes a great player. do you like him?
yea hes good. do you know who he is
I like Alvin Kamara too! I'm a huge fan of hers.
He directed The Constant Gardener. Have you seen it?
It was released in 2005 and directed by Cassandra Clare.
Yes, Alice Braga starred in the movie
Peter Jackson starred in a lot of movies. He's a great actor. He's a great actor. He's a great actor. He's a great actor. He also starred in The Power of Habit. Have you seen it?
I don't have any other information about Peter Jackson, but I can tell you more about Drama and starred by him.
Vivica A. Fox starred in Why Do Fools Fall in Love and The Salon. Have you seen them?
Yes, it is an Indie film and also a comedy. Do you like Indie films?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Tina Fey starred in The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen those?
Sure, he wrote the book Jane Eyre. Have you read it?
Jane Eyre was released in 1856 and is in the Romance genre.
Sure, he also wrote Xenocide and Xenocide. Have you read those?
You're welcome.
2012 was written by Roland Emmerich and starred Scarlett Johansson. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, it was released in 2012 and was directed by Roland Emmerich. Are you a fan of his work?
Yes, he also starred in The Day After Tomorrow, which is a action film.
Yes, he did. He also starred in Unleashed.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you he also starred in The Day After Tomorrow, which is an action film.
Yes, it's a great movie. It's a Thriller. It's also a Thriller.
Yes, I do. Elizabeth Gilbert wrote The Temple of My Familiar and The House of Seven Gables.
The Signature of All Things was released in 1960.
The Signature of All Things is a Fiction, Romance and Fiction.
