Do you like it because it's a family film?
Okay, then you'll love Ferris Bueller's Day Off.
What about The Breakfast Club?
You're welcome, you might also like National Lampoon's Christmas
Do you like The Martian because it stars Matt Damon?
Matt Damon also starred in The Bourne Ultimatum which is Crime Fiction Film
Hope you enjoy!
Me too, do you know The Silence of the Lambs is written by Thomas Harris?
Sure,The Silence of the Lambs has genre Thriller.
I do, sounds you like genre Thriller very much
Stanley Kubrick directed Eyes Wide Shut and Full Metal Jacket. Have you heard of either?
You're correct on both of those movies! Have you seen either of them?
I think you would like to watch Clockwork Orange starring George Coulouris.
Enjoy!
Stuart Little is the next in series of Charlotte's Web. That would be a good book to read.
Charlotte's web's genre is Speculative Fiction.
I believe that those books are Science Fiction.
Are you interested in similar dramas or movies written by Stephen King?
You would probably enjoy the Green Mile by Stephen King.
Anytime!
It was written by Michael Lewis.
Flash
Flash Boys was another novel by Lewis?
Flash Boys was a novel by Michael Lewis.
Hi there sure let me check
Yes I do, is there one in particular you were wanting to get more information on.
Sure what type of genre were you seeking?
Robert Forster, Patrick Fischler and Naomi Watts are a few actors in the movie. It is a genre Psychological thriller.
Vigilante action/adventure film. I have not seen it but have heard about it. Have you seen it?
Yes, that is a good movie. I would recommend that one.
enjoy
Unfortunately I don't know much about this other team than they play football and are based out of Germany
I only know David Beckham because of the movie Bend It Like Beckham and the fact that he married one of the Spice Girls.
I like basketball but I hardly have time to watch anymore. How about yourself?
Gary Chapman has worked on many things like Stories about love and feelings to composing music.
Yes, He did write it, he also wrote the book The Five Love Languages of Children as well.
You are welcome, may I also recommend Sea of Stories since its related in theme.
Yes, there is a next in series called a Wind in the Door.
Yes, and in addition, she wrote An Acceptable Time.
Yes, they are all Young-adult fiction but A Wrinbkle in Time is genre Children Literature and A Wind in the Door is Speculative fiction genre.
Sure! That would be written by Jim Butcher, who also wrote Turn Coat. Have you read that one?
It's an urban fantasy as well as mystery and speculative fiction.
Yes, that one was released in 2009.
You're welcome!
Yes, they're a great team. I'm a big fan of Kobe Bryant. Whose your favorite player?
Well Kobe retired and now he acts sometime. In fact he starred in Jack and Jill with Shaquille O'Nea.
Yes but he was born in Italy. He's married to Vanessa Laine Bryant. He's also sponsored by Nike, Inc
Yes, he lives in Los Angeles now.
You're welcome.
Written by Stephanie Meyer, Twilight was a good story. It was part of the series Breaking Dawn. Would you like more information?
Stephanie Meyer also wrote the Host. That genre is Thriller/Horror. Do you want to know more about Stephanie Meyer?
Born in Hartford, she was influenced by the works of William Goldman and William Shakespeare. Did you want to know more?
I am not a fan of basketball. I do like Michael Jordan though. I loved him in Space jam
I love Bill Murray. He is my favorite in all the Ghostbusters movies
I like that one too, with Melissa McCarthy. Great films!
She is an athlete who played tennis. She recently lost to Marion Bartoli. Have you seen that match?
I agree! She could even be better that her sister, Serena Williams. She even competed in the 2008 Olympics.
I believe it was in China. Yugoslavia participated in the event.
Pretties is a young adult fiction book that is also considered science fiction
Absolutly! One of my favorites is called Wicked Lovely
Do you love Robinson Crusoe? Cause it appears he wrote some.
He wrote The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York, Mariner
I believe its sometime in the year 1722
Fast Five written by Gary Scott Thompson is similar
Yes, Eva Mendes is the starring actress.
I'm not sure what genre Fast Five is. I just know it is a film.
I think he is a television producer and also is a screenwriter.
I do not have any facts for that one but I can tell you he has a counterpart named James Cameron, also a producer.
I sure can and his most famous one is Titanic!
Yes, I like Kate Winslet a lot and have to admit that I like Leonardo DiCaprio best i The Great Gatsby.
He was in The Last Dragon and The Bodyguard. Have you seen either of those?
It also stars William H. Macy. It's considered a Mockumentary. It looks pretty interesting. Do you like comedies?
It's both. It appears to be almost making fun of martial arts films. It's a parody, so to speak.
I love reading too. Dave McKean wrote The Sandman: Endless Nights and The Graveyard Book. Are you interested in fantasy books?
Sure. The Sandman: Endless Nights reveals the legend of the Endless, a family of magical and mythical beings who exist and interact in the real world. Born at the beginning of time, Destiny, Death, Dream, Desire, Despair, Delirium, and Destruction are seven brothers and sisters who each lord over their respective realms.
It is well written. You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
He starred in Saving Face and Nights in Rodanthe.
That is a romantic short film that also stars Joan Chen.
Wonderful! Have a lovely day.
Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl and The Return of the Musketeers comes to mind
Action, Fantasy
Dragon Hunters and Pan's Labyrinth
You are welcome
He wrote The Book of life
Fantasy
Yes. Before I Fall was released in 2010 and stars Arthur C. Clarke. It's a sci-fi movie...do you like those?
No, but Arthur C. Clarke also starred in and wrote 2061: Odyssey Three.
You got it.
Sure! This books is a serie, so the next one is Unaccustomed Earth. Do you like fiction?
I would recommend The Nightingale, The Murders in the Rue Morgue and The Most Dangerous Game.
Kristin Hannah, have you read any book from her?
Enjoy your reading!
I actually don't like the Jacksonville Jaguars. But Dallas Cowboys, yes! They just beat the New Orleans Saints the other night. Which was awesome!
I haven't been to a Dallas Cowboys game, but I have seen the San Diego Chargers, which was a lot of fun.
Absolutely!
Sure! It was written by Stephen King and is speculative fiction. Have you heard of Stephen King?
Who wrote The Stand, which I really enjoyed. That one stars Rob Lowe. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes he directed The Scorpion King and The Mask, both Great MOVIES!
Yes it was, do you like Thriller Fantasy films? You might like The Golden Compass.
Another good one for the family is Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban by J.K. Rowling.
Yes, you many also like The BFG is it also Fantasy.
Voltaire was a writer, poet, historian and playwright who wrote Candide.
Yes it is, it is an Operetta composed by Leonard Bernstein. Do you know his music?
No Not a fan, but i do remember thatCandide was the Theme song for The Dick Cavett Show.
They are NFL football team right? No, I havent watched much of football. I did watch Messi and David Beckham though sometime back.
I like cricket, did you ever watch cricket?
Yes, Cricket is a bat-and-ball game played between two teams of eleven players on a field
Yes, United States national cricket team. But it is not so famous in US. Mostly Europe and Asia
They lost yesterday to the Baltimore Ravens, 26-16. I was really disappointed because the Ravens are a division rival for my team, the Bengals. I wish Atlanta could have beaten them. Are you a football fan?
New England rarely ever loses! I don't see how one team can always be so good while others are so bad most of the time. It doesn't really seem fair, but that's sports for you.
I think coaching is probably the most important aspect. It's like when a restaurant is only as good as its manager.
I do not, who is that?
I do. I believe he was the UEFA club footballer of the year
He was in the Olympics, and I like to watch those
Manhunter, Heat and Collateral are also crime dramas by Mann.
Manhunter was released in 1986 and was based on the book Red Dragon. It starred William Peterson who also starred in the hit tv series CSI.
Sure. Manhunter focuses on the forensic work that FBI profilers do to catch serial killers. If you like the movie The Silence of the Lambs, you will probably like Manhunter.
I like all the J. K. Rowlings books, but the next in the series is Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire.
No, I haven't. I'll check that one out. I also like Wildwood Dancing, another good one.
Okay, enjoy it and have a good evening!
That is an adorable movie! I sure can. How about A Bug's Life or WALL-E?
They do! Is that something you're interested in hearing more about?
You're welcome! Are family movies something you'd like more recommendations for?
Ok Ayush Mahesh Khedekar starred in Slumdog Millionaire.
He was born in Mumbai and he is from India.
His place of birth was in Sanjay Dutt.
Philip Horne wrote Oliver Twist
Oliver Twist was released in 1838
Oliver Twist is Fiction
Wyrd Sisters is similar to Xenocide!
Rickie Fowler is a golfer. Do you enjoy golf?
He was in the 2014 championship and won 2nd in the masters tournament. I would say he is a good player.
He is 29 years old. What a talented person!
I do not know any that are similar. Sorry.
Sure, Nesnesitelna lehkost byti was written by Milan Kundera and Michael Henry Heim.
Yes. He wrote ivot je jinde, Smné lásky and the Unbearable Lightness of Being
You will probably like the movie Soldier. Have you heard of that one?
Soldier is a movie starring Connie Nielsen and its genre is Drama. Do you like Drama?
Oh my God, i love it! Dr. Seuss was such a genius.
That was released in 1958. Seems like just yesterday. What others do you like?
Chinua Achebe is a great writer
I didn't know that! Thanks!
Nice to know!
You too
I would recommend Red Riding Hood.
Virginia Madsen did, she's also in The Rainmaker.
The Magic of Belle Isle and The Prophecy are two great movies she's in.
Your welcome.
She was in Shooting the Past alongside Lindsay Duncan.
Yes, Blake has been in quite a few movies. You should check out RocknRolla.
It is, similar to Young Sherlock Holmes and You Only Live Twice.
Yes, enjoy.
Caroline Wozniacki played tennis and is in a relationship with Rory McIlroy.
Exactly! Did you know Yanina Wickmayer was from Belgium and participated in the London 2012 Summer Olympics?
Do they speak German in Belgium?
I know Philip Catherine plays guitar and was born in London correct?
Jurassic Park, Schindler's List, Raiders of the Lost Ark are some of his popular movies
Yes it is a Sci-Fi/adventure
His other sci-fi movies are AI, War of the Worlds.. have you watched any of these?
Sure. If you like Joel Coen movies you should watch The Hudsucker Proxy or O Brother Where Art Thou?
They are comedies.Do you like comedies?
Sam Raimi is in it as well as Tim Robbins
You will like it.
In my opinion, her best movie is National Lampoon's Vacation. Have you seen it?
It's a comedy. Randy Quaid is in it too!
Enjoy!
Yes, it's a lovely Action Adventure movie directed by Guillermo del Toro. Have you seen it?
Well, it has a solid cast. Including Larry Joe Campbell. Do you know him?
He was excellent in Wedding Crashers. You can also see him in Killers.
Excellent choice. Do you want me to add it to your favorites?
happy to do it. 2010 is the year it was released. Hope you enjoy it!
Let me know if you liked it!
Sure, he directed Equilibrium. Have you seen it?
Christian Bale. He was also in American Hustle.
Yes he was in American Psycho as well. He was also Batman in The Dark Knight.
Great!
That's a great movie. Do you like Kristen Connolly? She starred in Cabin in the Woods.
I see. There were several movies in that series. It is both a television series and film. A similar film series is Dawson's Creek.
That's a tv program, correct? The producer was Kevin Williamson, didn't he also produce Cursed?
Yes. that is correct. He wrote and produced Scream 4.
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie.
He isn't the greatest singer, but I don't think he's the worst.
Probably Selena Gomez, mostly her voice. What about you?
Same here! What about Jordin Sparks? Jason's romantic partner.
That is a great movie. Prince Valiant is a similar movie.
Thomas Kretschmann, he is also in Open Grave. Have you seen either movie?
Your welcome. Enjoy!
I know he's an Olympic snowboarder. I though he was funny in Friends With Benefits.
She is. Justin Timberlake and Woody Harrelson were also in it. Shaun just played a small part.
She's married to Ashton Kutcher.
I don't know when he won his latch match, but since he's currently ranked as the number two male tennis player in the world, I'm betting he's won most of them.
I grew up watching Andre Agassi. He's my all-time favorite, but right now I like Roger Federer. he's ranked right behind Nadal, but he's beaten Nadal.
Yes, he did. The foundation supports educational objectives in southern Africa, and promotes extra-curriculars in Switzerland, which is where Federer is from.
He directed Game Change starring Sarah Paulson. Would you like to hear more about that film?
It also starred Julianne Moore and Jamey Sheridan.
Yes, he is listed as the executive producer for Dinner for Schmucks.
Sure it's a 2010 comedy about a worker and his career.
Mark Halperin and John Heilemann co-wrote it.
So is there any information you want to know about Cormac McCarthy ?
Yes, he is an actor who starred in movies such as Batman Begins and Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind. Have you seen either of these?
I agree, that is a good one. You might also like Dark City or Extracted.
Jenny Mollen and Sasha Roiz were in Extracted. I highly recommend it.
Sure, adding it now
Do you like children's literature, fiction or books by Shel Silverstein?
A couple of recommendations are Wyrd Sisters or Wish You Well.
Those are examples of fiction in children's literature.
Good, I think you'll enjoy them.
Have you read Defending Jacob?
It was released 2012, is in English
Sure, Defending Jacob is added to my reading list.
Sure, Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist.
Young-adult fiction, do you like that?
Also Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist has genre Romantic . The Wild Robot is young-adult fiction.
This is the second in the series. Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban is the next in this series.
Yes he's also starred in Into the White and Thunderpants if you're interested in those.
Yes Ned Beatty is in this. Simon Callow and Celia Imrie are among these names too.
Yes, he's a very good actor, I hope you enjoy the movie!
Eden Hazard is a football player from Belgium. Do you like football?
I like watching tennis. I am a fan of Rafa Nadal. My husband likes watching football though. I tried watching with him but couldn't understand it.
Well he has won 17 grand slam titles. This year was not too bad but no wins. Do you watch tennis?
I completely agree. I watched an interview of Naomi Osaka, she just looks so innocent. She looks up to Serena though.
Hayley Atwell is actor who starred in the tv series. The Pillars of the Earth. She also starred inThe Duchess.
Yes. There are are a few writers involved with The Duchess including Jeffrey Hatcher and Anders Thomas Jensen.
It is a biographical Historical period drama. It stars Ralph Fiennes and Aidan McArdie.
He seems to have directed some very popular films and they are, The Exorcist, The French Connection, Sorcerer and The Hunted, which are a few.
Tommy Lee has starred in The Hunted. along with Jenna Boyd, and it has a genre Crime Fiction , Crime and Fiction and Action
Yes, he has directed some films and they are Three Burials, The Homesman starring Tim Blake Nelson, and Miranda Otto.
Sure, and are you interested in knowing more about Tim Blake starrers?
Thank you for and you have a great evening!
Did you like this movie more because it is Sci-Fi or because of the actors?
Great, me too! I think some movies you may enjoy are the X-Men and Wing Commander, or my favorite, World War Z.
Wing Commander stars Saffron Burrows, Jürgen Prochnow and David Suchet
I like Paul Pierce who was drafted, good player, makes baskets like he should . Who is you favorite player?
No not really, but I do know that Jordan was in space jam and so was Danny Ainge who used to play for the Celtics. Have you seen that movie?
Definitely the cutest right?
Don't really know much about them. Do you have any information about the team?
A little bit, not the hugest fan. What about you?
I haven't seen the movie, but it is a 1942 romantic drama film
Silver Linings Playbook is one of my favorite film, i have seen this, its relly good movie
jenifer lawrence is lead and Bradley cooper is also
I know that the Brooklyn Nets are owned by Jay- Z and Bruce Ratner, but I don't follow sports
I am a big fan of Jay- Z. I like Beyonce too. I loved her in Cadillac Records. What do you think of their music?
Yes, he did. Cedric the Entertainer and Adrien Brody were also in that movie. Elvis Presley was influenced by Eddie Murphy too.
Yeah, she is pretty good as I think she wrote Jar of Hearts and A Thousand Years.
You know, when I think of Soul music, I like Roberta Flack the most, how about you?
Yes, and I must admit, I like Stan Kenton on keyboard also, even though he was not necessarily Soul oriented.
The Return of the King and The Hobbit makes for good reading. Do you like Science Fiction?
It was released in 1955 and it also went to film?
Elijah Wood and Liv Taylor starred in The Return of the King. Are you a fan of Elijah Wood?
Embeth Davidz wrote young adult fantasies
One of his movies are Shackleton
Action/Adventure
Thank You
American Hustle is a crime drama and starred Jennifer Lawrence and Christian Bale.
He starred in The Machinist, The Dark Knight and American Psycho, just to name a few.
David O Russell directed American Hustle. Have you ever seen it?
You are welcome.
Oh yes. He wrote The Brothers Bloom, which starred both Zachary Gordon and Ricky Jay.
Yes. Four Christmas is really a beautiful. He was also in Santa Buddies. Do you like him as an actor?
Did you know Scott Moore wrote Four Christmases? He wrote The Hangover Part II!
He plays for the India national cricket team, I don't really follow cricket though so I don't care for him.
Sachin Tendulkar is a teammate of his he plays in movies as well.
Did you know he starred in Wild Bill and Welcome to the Punch?
Have you hear of Olivia Williams and Neil Maskell, they too were in Wild Bill.
Yes he was. Would you like another movie like this?
This Londoner was also in Wasteland, a drama and Tony a horror film.
Revolutionary Road
Leonardo DiCaprio and Christopher Fitzgerald
It is a drama, story of a young couple living in the suburbs
I have not heard of Michelle Wie. She plays golf right?
I like that movie. Adam Sandler is hilarious. He wrote Grown Ups and that was funny
I like to watch a lot of comedies myself.
I do. Drew Brees is exceptional and I think they might win the Super Bowl.
Yes I know. Do you like any other players, maybe Aaron Rodgers?
Yes he is phenomenal, he actually reminds me of Troy Aikman.
A writer of that one was Stan Lee an he wrote Iron Man 3 also.
Sure, Stan Lee also wrote and produced Iron Man 2.
Last Action Hero is an Adventure Film you may like.
I just got back from Chicago and love the city! I'm actually more of a Houston Rockets fan.
Oh cool. Who is their coach?
I prefer to watch sports in person because I will yell too much at the T.V. Do you know who won last year?
I know the Houston Rockets have been close, if not won a few times, but I am kind of the same.
The Outsiders is a wonderful book! It was written by S.E Hinton, do you like the Young-adult fiction or the author?
I thought I had said, sorry, it was written by S.E Hinton. If you like Young-adult fiction, you may like Wicked Lovely, Wildwood Dancing and When You Reach Me. Do any of those interest you?
The Outsiders was written by S.E Hinton. He also wrote That Was Then, This Is Now and Rumble Fish, have you read them?
Absolutely! Happy reading!
Yes, her song Call Me Maybe was a huge hit
Queen is certainly more legendary. Have you seen Bohemian Rhapsody yet?
Great film! That was written by Peter Morgan
It is directed by Sergio Leone. He also wrote The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly.
Luigi Pistilli and Clint Eastwood starred in it, along with some other great actors.
No problem. If you like it you should also try Once Upon a Time in the West.
Catch Me If You Can was written by Jeff Nathanson!
Catch Me If You Can was turned into a movie that starred Elizabeth Banks and Tom Hanks. The film is considered a Crime Fiction
The Da Vinci Code movie series is a great find! If youre a Tom Hanks fan youll love that. You also cant go wrong with a classic like forrest Gump!
Yore welcome!
Well they won last night againist the Grizzlies. You like basketball?
It's alright. Did you know thier home is Madison Square Garden?
No I have not. Sounds fun
Yes I can. She wrote Sense and Sensibility, Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
Yes it's a parody and Regency romance. Seth Grahame-Smith helped to write it.
Sure. I hope you enjoy it!
That's good. He plays basketball for the Oklahoma Thunder. Do you like basketball?
He was born in Oklahoma City. He's a power forward in the NBA.
Same place, Oklahoma City.She's a voice actor and musician.
Hi there! J.K Simmons starred in a few movies, one being Whiplash.
Sure. Whiplash starred Melissa Benoist and is a music film.
I'm sorry, I have no other recommendations for Melissa Benoist.
There are no other recommendations for J.K. Simmons.
You're welcome.
Sure! It was written by Malcolm Gladwell who also wrote What the Dog Saw and Other Adventures.
That is a great book! Do you like authors from the UK?
Then you might like Women In Love by Larry Kramer.
Yes, he is playing for the Los Angeles Lakers and was awarded multiple times by NBA
He seems to be a highly awarded Basketball player and is really deep into this, besides that I do not knoe what he is doing.
NBA Most Valuable Player Award is the most important.
Guy Ritchie wrote and directed Snatch. He also directed Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels. Have you seen it?
He's also directed RocknRolla which is a crime fiction and Swept Away which is a romance. Are you into romance?
Enjoy!
Similar movies are Red Dragon and Hannibal
Yes, they are horror films
Yes, other movies include Annabelle
Pat Conroy wrote The Prince of Tides. It is a Romance Film. Do you like watching romantic movies?
The Prince of Tides is also considered a drama film. It is directed by Barbra Streisand.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I sure cane! He wrote the best selling book My Sister's Keeper. Have you read it?
Of course, Sofia Vassilieva starred in it. Lin Shaye also starred in it!
Yes I do! It is a Drama, do you like dramas?
I'm not a huge Boxing fan but maybe Miguel Cotto. I did like the Rocky movies.
Its going to be sometime this month but I'm not sure what day.
He must be well rounded. I hear that he's a musician and a producer as well. He and I have something in common. We are both southpaws.
Yes I do. He announced a rematch on instagram.
The 2007 novel by Stephanie Meyer?
Sorry I have not read either. I do know this is part of a series she wrote and that it became a major motion picture starring Kellen Lutxz.
That was a great movie. Did you like it?
I hope you enjoy it.
I haven't heard much about him. He is an athlete that plays Cricket. Do you know much about Cricket?
I do not know much about basketball, I was more into soccer. Did you know that LeBron James is an actor as well?
I guess there is a lot of multi-talented stars though. Even Wolfgang Puck has done some acting!
The Colour of Magic has genre Fantasy. so do you want to read fantasy books?
yes like The Looking Glass Wars it's really a good book. I suggest reading it.
Yes Frank Beddor wrote it, who also wrote Seeing Redd.
Yes! Do you like Inglourious Bastards because it was written by Quentin Tarantino or because it stars Samuel L. Jackson?
More movies similar to Inglourious Bastards are; Fury and Django Unchained. Do either of these interest you?
That's right! Grindhouse is by Robert Rodriguez and Quentin Tarantino. Robert Rodriguez starred in Sin City.
Yes it is a genre speculative fiction
The author is Frances Hodgson
yes also wrote A Little Princess
Enjoy!
Yes, he was The Wolverine in the same movie by Mark Bomback.
He was also in Van Heising.
Not sure are you looking for more adventure or Sci-fi type movies?
Well Mark Bomback wrote Race to Witch Mountain.
You're welcome.
Sure, you like Dr. Sues?
The Lorax is really popular in children's literature! It was also turned into an animation film as well.
sure, similar director might be Nicholaus Goossen
Grandma's Boy, released in 2006
You are most welcome!
Yes, he's a small forward who plays basketball for the Golden State Warriors
Yup, one of my favorite small forwards is Vince Carter. Did you ever see his slam dunk contest footage?
Hush, Hush Hush,hush.jpg Front cover of Hush, Hush Author Becca Fitzpatrick Original title Hush, Hush Translator none Illustrator none Cover artist Lucy Ruth Cummins (design) James Porto (photograph) Country United States Language English, Estonian, Finnish, Spanish, Dutch, German, Polish, Italian, Bulgarian Series Hush, Hush Subject The two worlds of Patch and Nora Genre Young adult, fantasy, romance Published October 13, 2009 Simon & Schuster Media type Print (hardcover) e-Book (Kindle) Audio
Hush, Hush is a 2009 New York Times bestselling young adult fantasy novel by Becca Fitzpatrick
She has also written Black Ice, Dangerous Lies
Sure, adding now
I like some of her music. Do you like her?
I like Die Young. Do you like any other pop artists?
Yeah, it is. I like Country, too. I like Jason Aldean. Who's your favorite?
Those are great artists, too. I saw Thomas Rhett recently as a guest coach on The Voice.
I think he is a cricket player, right? What do you think of him?
Great! I don't really like cricket. My favorite athlete is Zlatan Ibrahimovi. Do you like him?
He is a soccer player. He grew up in Sweden, but now he plays in LA.
Hmmm, I'm not actually sure who directed it, but I know that Max Brooks wrote it and it was released in 2006. Do you know him?
Well, he's also a recurring writer on Saturday Night Live. Do you like that show?
I love Tina Fey! I actually just watched Mean Girls with her and Amy Poehler. So funny!
Yup, I really liked her in Wet Hot American Summer.
Yes, part of the series is The Restaurant at the End of the Universe. It's categorized as humor and adventure.
They're written by Douglas Adams and Eoin Colfer. It was also a Science Fiction TV series.
Sure, he wrote the Dr. Who series for BBC.
Happy to help.
The Sunne in Splendour is the same genre as The Great Gatsby.
Yes, Morten Tyldum directed The Imitation Game and Headhunters.
Julie R. Olgaard and Aksel Hennie both starred in the film.
Perhaps you know Benedict Cumberbatch? He also starred in Amazing Grace and To Kill a King.
You're welcome!
Sure! Would you like something else written by Elizabeth Kostova or something else in the Suspense genre?
Without Fail is a suspense/thriller novel written by Lee Child that I think you might enjoy
Will do, enjoy!
It has the genres of crime, comedy and drama. That movie stars Channing Tatum.
Drama movies you may enjoy include You've Got Mail, Zero Dark Thirty and To Kill a Mockingbird.
That was written by Harper Lee in 1960.
The movie stars William Windom. Are you familiar with him?
Wonderful, have a lovely day.
Danny Boyle directed 127 Hours and Trance.
127 Hours is a Thriller
James Franco and Kate Burton are two of the stars of 127 Hours.
Enjoy!!
Yes it was written by Graeme Simsion and released in 2013. Are you interested in this genre?
Yes it has a sequel called the The Rosie Effect, released 2014.
Yes, it explores the romantic and comedic errors of a man with undiagnosed Asperger's Syndrome. You might enjoy it.
Yes he has a new one called Two Steps Forward.
Happy I could help. Enjoy
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is written by Pauline Baynes and has genre Speculative fiction
Well I am really sure, but Pauline Baynes also The Chronicles of Narnia, which is a good book as well.
I don't know a whole lot, I know he plays football-specifically a quarterback known with the Green Bay Packers. Do you enjoy watching the Packers play?
There are tons of them across all of the teams, almost all of the teams are known for a certain player.
Unfortunately I don't watch enough tennis to really have an opinion. I like to catch a few games.
Yes I do like Babel. You might also be interested in Three Burials, Tower Heist or Turtle Diary.
Yes he did star in it. Tommy Lee Jones and Levon Helm starred in it also. It's also interesting to note that Dwight Yoakam starred in it. It's a Western genre.
Yes he did. I was surprised to learn that he also directed it. Melanie Griffith starred in it as well. Is this something that you would be interested in?
Yes she starred in Something Wild, Day out of Days, and the Disaster Artist.
ok great. I hope that you enjoy it.
Sure, do you like Lucky Number Slevin because it is starring Sam Jaeger or because it is a thriller?
Great choice, Shark Night is another great Thriller starring Katharine McPhee.
It is directed by David R. Ellis.
Zodiac is another great thriller with Jake Gyllenhaal, no Katharine McPhee involved.
Enjoy!
Sure! I like him. He wrote O Alquimista, As Valkrias, and O Diário de um Mago. Do you have a genre preference?
The Two Princesses of Bamarre and Fairest are two great books by her.
It is fantasy book, similar to Ella Enchanted.
Your welcome, enjoy.
I love him. I really like his Contemporary R&B style.
Oh that's such a good song. It has that Electronic dance feel to it.
I do! I actually just went to her Loud Tour last weekend.
Yeah, she deserved that award! And I think she's dating Chris brown, but I could be wrong.
It's actually quite good I think- a bit "off center." But strong acting from George Clooney and Vera Farmiga!
Oh yes! That is a solid film and he was great in it! Strong writing by Stephen Gaghan and William was excellent, as always!
Yup, he did star in that and the film also had a good writer, Charles Shyer.
The Pillars of the Earth is a popular tv show she is in. It is a thriller and drama.
Sarah Parish, Rufus Sewell, and Matthew Macfadyen to name a few.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure thing! He directed Pallbearer, would you also like to know who stars in it?
It starred Greg Grunberg, and was released in 1996.
It is romantic comedy, much like Yes Man! Have you seen either?
Great! Good to hear!
She is most known for her role in the movie Dances With Wolves and
She also starred in the movie Scream 4 and the tv show called The Closer
She was also in the move called Sneaker, and Independence Day
Okay, these movies are now added to your library
He is one of my fav. tennis player, what about you?
what about Andy Roddick, i likeed him a lot when he was playing. which sports you like the most?
Thats true , he was number one when he used to play, now no one is for US side number 1
Under the Never Sky is a similar novel, because it Romance.
Sure, Eaters of the Dead and Cold Sassy Tree are my one time favourite.
Yes that's right and Pirate Latitudes.
He wrote Wishing' and Hopin': A Christmas Story and We are water.
October 22, 2013
In 2009 Wolf Hall was released.
yes
Yes I definitely can.
She has also been in movies like Valentine's Day and The Giver are you familiar?
I am not sure she was also in The Lorax. Do you like science fiction?
I love Betty White. Zac Efron and Ed Helms also are in The Lorax.
Sure, do you enjoy the style of the book's author Thomas Hardy?
Yes, you may enjoy The Woodlanders, which is a tragedy that was written in 1887.
The Woodlanders, with its thematic portrayal of the role of social class, gender, and evolutionary survival, as well as its insights into the capacities and limitations of language, exhibits Hardy's acute awareness of his era's most troubling dilemmas.
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
Pierre David Guetta is a French DJ, record producer and songwriter who has sold over nine million albums and thirty million singles worldwide
It's not really my taste,but he did win a Grammy Award for Best Remixed Recording, Non-Classical
No.but didyou know that The song also appears in the 2016 dance video game Just Dance 2017.
Sure! Do you like The Hobbit movie because it's based on a book by J.R.R. Tolkien?
J.R.R. Tolkien also wrote The Lord of the Rings books, which were made into movies. One of those is The Return of the King.
I watch soccer but am unfamiliar with that player. The team I know the most about is AC Milan. Do you have a favorite soccer team?
I actually dislike American football but I can tolerate hockey. Do you watch hockey at all?
I support the Philadelphia Flyers.
Sure, did tyou like the genre of the book, or the author?
Well, the author was Beatrice Sparks, who also wrote It Happened to Nancy, as well as Annie's Baby. Do either of those titles interest you?
No I don't watch soccer but I do know that he comes from spain
Seems everyone from Spain loves soccer! I'm not big in watching sports on tv, I enjoy seeing them live and my favorite is football
I do like the Packers but don't know much about the Vikings. My favorite is the Broncos
Sure, Sara Gruen wrote Water for Elephants and At the Water's Edge.
Yes, Water for Elephants is Romance.
Yes, have you read the book Belong to Me by by Marisa de los Santos?
Yes, it is romance and also contemporary.
She has some good songs. You ever see her in concert?
I guess I have followed her since her win on American Idol.
Awesome beats - I think to be a celebrity you have to be "interesting"
Yes, he wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde as well as Await Your Reply. both are really good.
That would be fiction. You like fiction books?
Bits of Paradise and Save Me The Waltz are really good books by her. Check them out
Enjoy
Mario Puzo wrote both The Sicilian and Omerta, either of these would be similar.
Yes, he did write The Last Don. There is also a follow up to The Godfather, The Godfather Part II. If you enjoyed the first one, you'll enjoy the second.
Yes, he won The Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation and an Academy Award for Best Writing Adapted Screenplay. The movie It was released in 1996.
Yes! Ernest H. Shepard wrote Winnie-the-Pooh and the House at Pooh Corner, When We Were Very Young, and The Tao of Pooh. Does this answer your question?
Winnie-the-Pooh and the House at Pooh Corner is a children's literature that was released in 1926.
They were! Other books released during that time are; The Story of Philosophy, The Sun Also Rises, and The Blue Castle. Is there anything else I can help with?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure do! He is a great Serbian tennis player. What about him?
No I'm sorry, where is he from?
Once I took a river cruise on the Danube river in Bulgaria, it was beautiful.
He has directed and written many movies including many of the Lilo & Stitch movies.
Which one? There are several.
The original came out in 2002.
I think she's okay. I like Maria Sharapova more.
Not really sure though. Do you like any other tennis players aside from her? I follow Victoria Azarenka too.
She's a beast on court. Really a good one. Do you agree?
I know he starred in Tin Cup. Did you know that he personally won the 2010 Masters tournament?
Yeah, I think her name is Tina Mickelson. Does she sound familiar to you?
Yeah, the 2005 Championship to be exact
I know she is a tennis player. Were you aware that she is from Romania and competed in the London 2012 Summer Olympics?
No, I don't I only hear about the most popular players, like Serena Williams. I follow baseball much more closely.
Petco Park. I am a bit biased though because that's the only one I have visited in person.
Indeed, I am! Freddy Galvis is my favorite.
Yes! He starred in The Halloween Tree.
Yes, she is very a talented woman. Did you see her in No Strings Attached? It is a romantic comedy.
Yes, he is a great comedian. Mila Kunis is very fortunate to be married with him.
I didn't know she was in that movie.
Oh I will need to watch it again
Thanks I will look into this.
Have a nice day!
Thelma & Louise is a great movie similar to Kingdom of Heaven.
Geena Davis and Brad Pitt are both in it. Have you seen the movie?
It's a thriller thriller. Susan Sarandon is another person in the movie.
Your welcome.
Sure! It was written by Jim Uhris and was also a movie starring Helena Bonham Carter and Edward Norton. Are you familiar with Uhis' books?
This one is a thriller. Do you like that genre?
I think you would enjoy V is for Vendetta and Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy although Ulhs did not write them.
You're quite welcome!
Daniel Keyes wrote Flowers for Algernon. It is a science fiction. Have you read it?
Daniel Keyes did not write any adventure books. Most of his books are science fiction.
Great, hope that you enjoy it!
If you like movies written by Christopher Nolan, then I'd suggest Batman Begins or The Dark Knight Rises.
Sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I do. It's a Blockbuster film produced by Christopher Nolan. He also directed The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
Yes, Crocodile Dundee is another blockbuster. Some more blockbusters you might like are The Godfather and Lethal Weapon 3
Francis Ford Coppola directed The Godfather. He also directed Apocalypse Now, a drama film.
The Godfather Part II produced by Francis Ford Coppola, and is starring Carmen Argenziano and Robert De Niro
Robert De Niro also produced What Just Happened, Wag the Dog, and Meet the Parents.
Anytime!
He is the quarteback of the green Bay Packers
Yes, he is a mexican soccer player. Currently he is playing for Manchester United.
Yes, actually I am a huge fan since I was young.
I do. She is most famous for The Fountainhead, and Atlas Shrugged, and started the Objectivism philosophy. Are you familiar with either of those two titles?
Peikoff's The Ominous Parallels is another example of Objectivism, but Rand was the most fluent in this subject. It is a study of moral principles, and she later went on to write many essays on the topic. The Fountainhead by Rand is within the category.
Leonard Peikoff wrote it in 1982. Fun fact; Ayn Rand said it "was the first book by an Objectivist philosopher other than myself."
Great, hope you enjoy!
Sure, he starred in Jewtopia. Are you a fan of romantic comedy films like that one?
Sure, it starred Tom Arnold, Rita Wilson and Wendie Malick. Are you a fan of that actress?
Yes, Wendie Malick also starred in Waiting and The American President if you like her.
You're welcome. I'll add that to your list.
It is written by Tony Gilroy
He also wrote Proof of Life
thriller romance suspense drama
No problem. Anything else?
Sure! Shane Black is a writer, director, and producer with a lengthy track record of films. Would you like to know more about his work?
He wrote numerous popular films, including The Long Kiss Goodnight starring Tom Amandes, and Kiss Kiss Bang Bang starring Corbin Bernsen.
Kiss Kiss Bang Bang is considered a black comedy. Do you like Corbin Bernsen?
He starred in such films as Major League and Boogie Town.
I definitely think so. Jason Kidd is doing a great job coaching.
Yeah me too. Who's your favorite point guard now?
What about Stephen Curry though?
Do you like it's author?
Oh, that movie was great! And it was in a beautiful location. It stars Jason Segel and Mila Kunis. Do you like either of those actors/actresses?
I haven't seen that one, but I know Zach Galifianakis is in it, and Krysten Ritter. Also Jason Sudeikis. Do you like any of them?
Yea, he's a funny comedian. If you like him, you should watch Horrible Bosses.
you are so welcome
Yes, It is written by Lana Wachowski and David Loyd.
She also wrote The Matrix Revoloution.
What about Speed Racer?
Ok, great!
I do not know too much about them. They are a boy band of 7 members.
I will always like N'sync! They were my all time favorite. The Jackson 5 are cool as well!
Yes I liked their song Gone, but bye, bye, bye is a classic! Yes too bad. My favorite member of the Jackson 5 was Michael Jackson!
Love him. Did you know he was in Friends With Benefits?
Sure do. I remember her from That 70's SHow
I saw that!
sure , Flash gordon, Doomsday, destiny and dream catcher can be a great suggestion. have you heard any of these?
The genre is War a few good one I can think of are Fury, Saving Private Ryan, and American Sniper.
That is starring Tom Hanks, Matt Damon, and Adam Goldberg.
He can be seen in Walking Life, The Prophecy, and The Salton Sea
It was released in 1817, and it was written by Jane Austen, James Kinsley, and Deidre Shauna Lynch.
Yes, she did co author on that book.
She also wrote Dawn of the Dreadful and Sense and Sensibility.
It was classified as a romance film, Are you interested in Dramas?
Have you heard of Whats Eating Gilbert Grape?
I don't follow soccer but I heard that he is a good player.
Yes he is. He is on Portugal national football team, He has lots of Instagram followers too.
Yes- the second most followed user. Do you follow any athletes?
I think they win a lot but I am more of a pittsburgh pirates fan.
Probably the stupid yankees how about you?
Do you like the red sox?
Sure. Do you like Romance or Drama?
Have you seen Unfaithful or Matchpoint? These are good drama films that I can recommend.
You're welcome!
Sure! Hancock wrote The Blind Side. Have you seen that one? It's a wonderful movie.
It's starring Tim McGraw and is a Sport/Drama. Would you like more films in that genre or more films with Tim McGraw?
That's right, The Kingdom is a Thriller starring Tim McGraw and Robin Atkin Downes.
Absolutely, hope you enjoy.
Sure! Did you enjoy this book because it was written by Dr. Seuss?
Dr. Seuss also wrote Yertle the Turtle, There's a Wocket in my Pocket, and The Sneetches and Other Stories. Have you read any of those?
I think you would enjoy them if you enjoyed Oh, the Places You'll Go
I recommend a book called Bitterblue
The author is Kristin Cashore
The book is fiction
Your welcome
Yes, The Maze Runner is a very good book written by James Dashner if you like Science Fiction.
He wrote a couple you may have hard of. The Eye of Minds, The Kill Order, and The Death Cure. Heard of those?
Yes it is part of the Maze Runner series. The Death Cure was released in 2011.
Great purchase! If you like James Dashner books, you would probably books written by Laurence Sterne.
The writer of The Age of Innocence, do you like him?
Yes, there is Gangs of New York, another period drama. Fantastic movie.
She
She's a professional golf player from Honolulu sponsored by Omega SA just like Michael Phelps.
It was released1868.
Of Mice and Men was written by John Steinback. He also wrote Winter of our Discontent and Tortilla Flat.
Yes. John Steinback co-wrote it with Susan Shillinglaw.
It is in English.
While i do not know any authors similar to Kiyoaski, I can recommend quite a few book to you by him!
Sure! Kiyosaki wrote "Rich Dad, Poor Dad" which was released in 1997, as well as "Cashflow Quadrant: Rich Dad's Guide to Financial Freedom" released in 1998
Yes, it is.
Yes, he was excelled in The Shawshank Redemption and Turbulence. Have you seen either of those?
Then you also might like The Green Mile which was also written by Stephen King.
I haven
My favorite by Stephen King is The Mist.
You're welcome
I love her song You love Me. DId you see her on American Idol?
Thats cool. Did you know she was good friends with Clay Aiken. I like him too.
I think he was also on American Idol. I love that show. Thanks for the info.
Sure, he starred in Warcraft, The Escapist and The Devil's Double. Are you a fan of his work?
Yes, Callum Rennie also starred in this fantasy film. Are you a fan of fantasy films?
Sure, The Marvelous Misadventures of Flapjack are Shorts are also fantasy films, have you seen those?
Sorry I don't access to that information, but I Married a Strange Person! is another example.
You're welcome
Rohit Gurunath Sharma is an Indian international cricketer who is the vice-captain of the India national team in limited-overs formats.
Cricket is a great team also
He is a right-handed batsman and was an occasional right-arm off break bowler.
Sure, she wrote The Girl on the Train, but I think it's in French. Do you like World Cinema?
Have you seen The Son or Thunderstruck? I hear they're both great.
I do it The Outsiders was written by S. E. Hinton, it is a young adult fiction that was released in 1967.
Yes it is, the genre is young adult fiction and Children's literature.
Yes, he wrote Rumble Fish, Watchers and The Shadow.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
I am not a big fan of them because I am a New York Giants fan.
I like that you can be the bigger person like that. I'm a little too petty for that. Still last year was hard because the played New England right? And I'm a Jets fan too.
Unfortunately, I'm just not that big of a fan, but I believe it if you say it.
I like golf but I prefer american baseball. He's from England correct?
No I haven't. I'd love to though. They have some beautiful castles. Alvin Lee and Neon Hitch are from Nottingham I believe.
I like New jack swing but I really like Christian hip hop like tobyMac.
Yes, have you seen Batman by Tim Burton?
Your welcome.
Hi. I like his music! Yeah 3x and Where have you been are my top favorite. What about you? Do you like him?
Yeah he is. I think he from UK. Do you know where he is from ?
Ah yeah. I think he is dating Rita Ora. She is a singer.
Yes, he was in the movie The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey.
It was. He also directed King Kong with Naomi Watts. IS that something you're interested in?
That movie stars Jack Black a very funny guy as well as Howard Shore.
Absolutely! He also was in Tropic Thunder and School of Rock.
Wonderful, have a lovely day!
Two of them listed are Michael Papajohn and Sasha Alexander that I have found for you.
Yes she was in Twin Falls Idaho, and she was along with William Katt as another starring role in that one.
I have no facts about that but can tell you Jim Carrey was in Yes Man, too.
I have looked through all my data base and cannot find that.
Okay, goodbye.
Sure what do you like about it? Do you like the author, Drew Goddard, or the genre in general?
He also wrote the Cabin in the woods a great mystery.
It is starring Fran Kranz.
I like the song Whatcha Say.
Interesting. I know he was dating Jordin Sparks.
Yeah, Idol is one of my favorite Talent shows.
Definitely! He's great! He wrote the Bourne Identity with Tony Gilroy.
I don't have that information available right now, but some other thrillers include The General's Daughter and The Fog. Is that helpful?
Yes, he did! He is really talented. Those are great movies.
His upcoming movies are Chaos Walking and Gambit. You should check those out!
It looks like they are sci-fi. They look really good!
No problem! Any time!
I would recommend Watchmen, it is a great read.
Yes it's a fantasy movie.
Yup, so is the movie The Golden Compass.
Alright.
I am familiar with Michael Hague. He wrote The Voyages of Doctor Dolittle.
I know that it is mostly about a disease with this risk factor of bladder cancer.
She wrote Rebecca's Tale.
It's a romantic suspense novel. Do you like them?
In 2001. I recommend it for your reading list.
You're welcome.
The Lord of The Rings has an entire series written by J.R.R. Tolkien
Sure The Dark Knight has a genre Superhero would you like to stay in this genre?
The Dark Knight is written by Bob Kane who also wrote Batman and Robin.
Thor came out in 2011 and Guardians of the Galaxy came out in 2014
Yes, Catwoman was also written by Bob Kane
Yes he wrote The Sworn Sword and The World of Ice and Fire.
Yes as well as Elio M. Garcia Jr.
Yes and he wrote a Dance with Dragon: Part 2 After the Feast.
Great Enjoy!
Jane Austen wrote Sense and Sensibility and Emma, right?
Correct, she also wrote Pride and Prejudice. Pride and Prejudice has the genre Romance novel
Bloodfever has genre Romance novel
The Goldfinch was written by Donna Tartt he also wrote The Little Friend so they could be similar.
Maybe Donna Tartt also wrote The Secret History a fiction book.
Yes it did it also had the genre novel.
Okay your welcome
Yes. Peter Jackson is the director of that movie. Do you like Fantasy, Adventure movie?
He also directed King Kong, Heavenly Creatures, Dead Alive and many more. Do you like any of these movies?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Definitely, since The Crucible is mainly a tradgedy I can highly recommend The Fall of the House of Usher as well as Antigone
Sure!
It was written and released in 1944 by Jean Anouilh. I'm not seeing any other genres associated with it but other tragedies include The Return of the Native and Jude the Obscure.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Something like Fiction, Fantasy, is this what you are looking for?
Game of Thrones is a big serie, did you already read Clash of Kings? To go more into Historical Fiction, I can recommend World Without End or Voyager.
Yes, there is a movie released with this as well. It is a romantic adventure as well.
enjou the literature!
The illustrious Sir Arthur Conan Doyle wrote that book. Are you a fan of his work?
If you're in the mood for another mystery work by Arthur Conan Doyle, I'd suggest The Hound of the Baskervilles.
Yes. It was released in 1902.
I'm glad to assist!
Yes it is a very good family friendly film. The second one was good as well.
Eddie Murphy by far! I love his films he is very funny. What about you?
I haven't seen that one! Is it a comedy?
I will have to check it out thanks for the suggestion!
Isn't he married to Bridget Moynahan, the girl in Coyote ugly? Or is it Gisele from The Devil Wears Prada?
I think he's a quarterback. Have you seen the movie Coyote Ugly? with Bridget Moynanhan? I think Tyra Banks was in it too.
Right, Tom Brady plays for the New England Patriots. 2nd in most consecutive touchdowns.
Easy is written by Tammara Webber. It was released in 2012 and is a science fiction. I like science fiction!
Tammara Webber also wrote Between the Lines, Breakable, and Where You Are.
Done! You're welcome, enjoy!
S. Epatha Merkerson stared in The Six Wives of Henry Lefay
Terminator 2 Judgement Day is another movie that starred him
Goodfellas, Fight Club, Casino are similar ones
It starrs Robert De Niro, Ray Liotta, Joe Pesci, Lorraine Bracco
He is known for Raging Bull, Taxi Driver
Do you know anything about Siddhartha.
Guardians of the Galaxy was a great movie with Bradly Cooper. Similar movies would be Boiler Room, Fast & Furious and Push.
Her and Bradley Cooper were both in that movie. Great movie.
Yes, they both starred in the film The Words. It's a great Thriller.
Enjoy!
I know he is playing in FC Barcelona and he was in Chile national football team
Yes, I thing so, what other sport do you like?
Me too, what is your favorite song or singer?
I like the song Say My Name and Starboy
Harper Lee wrote it. Are you interested in other books like To Kill a Mockingbird?
I'd recommend the book, Rogues. It was written by Joe R. Landsdale, who influenced Harper Lee's writing.
Wonderful. I am happy to help.
Yes, for example, he wrote the famous нна аренина which was released in 1877.
As I said, he released that in 1877, which was the same year that Black Beauty was released!
Anna Sewell wrote Black Beauty as a novel but, it seems like real life stuff!
You are welcome, goodbye.
The Lovely Bones was written by Alice Sebold. Similar books written by her are Lucky and The Almost Moon. If you are into Novels, you can read The Rainbow.
I don't have that information. Anything else you want to know?
The Almost Moon is a fiction. Similar books are Wuthering Heights and World Without End.
Sure, have you see the movie Thirteen?
The movie is starring Brady Corbet and Sarah Clarke.
She was in the movie Trouble. Have you see the movie?
You are welcome!
I love her and that album! Did you know that she's originally from England?
That is a good one! I love the song Hello, do you know when that one was released?
The Philadelphia Eagles are ok. did you know Tyrus Thomas use to own the team?
Jeffrey Lurie is the Leader ofthe Philadelphia Eagles.
Jeffrey Lurie owned the team during 2008 NFL season.
Well i didnt know that but did you know the Organization was founded by Bert Bell?
Kim Dickens and Tim McGraw are in Blind Side, do you like sports movies?
Friday Night Lights and Space Jam are sports movies, would you like me to recommend others?
Tim McGraw starred in Friday Night Lights, he also starred in Four Christmases
Yes, it's a comedy and stars Steve Bannos, Tim Heidecker, Maya Rudolph and Kristen Wiig
Yes, he starred in starred in Let's Go to Prison and Blood into Wine
Yes, they are comedies.
He is a great composer. Have you heard Ready to go, New Prespective?
He was a great pianist as well. If you like him you should also listening Paul McCartney.
Yes, I do. Have you listening to Zach Galifianakis and Yefim Bronfman?
Besides being a pianist, he also starred in What happens in Vegas, Up in the air and The Muppets. Do you like comedies ?
You're welcome
Ah, yes. That's a good one. I assume you read the first in the series, The Hunger Games, but have you read the 3rd one, Mockingjay?
I recommend Gathering Blue. It's another example of dystopian fiction.
It was written by Lois Lowry and released in 2000. Here's a short introduction:The central character, Kira, who has a deformed leg, is orphaned and must learn to survive in a society that normally leaves the weak or disabled exposed to die in the fields.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
Are you talking about Jason who starred in Sin City?
Yes, I like them, today I just listened Girls Like You, do you know that song?
I like pop music, but also sometimes country depends on my mood, how about you?
What is your favorite R&B song?
I know her, I like the song Trip, it is very good singer
Oh me to, did you know he directed The Simpson Movie?
Yes it was and produced by Claudia Katz
Russi Taylor is a voice actor, Did you know she starred in Roger Rabbit?
United States of America
Your welcome
Jim Taylor, Jim Burke and Alexander Payne are the producers
Yes, Steve Buscemi and Sam Elliott were two of the actors. It was written by Joel Coen who also wrote O Brother,Where Are Thou? Do you like the Coen brothers?
Joel also wrote and directed No Country for Old Men. I don't know if his brother was involved in it or not. Have you seen that one? It's sort of a western.
Enjoy!
I do! The Expendables is written by Sylvester Stallone. It stars Sylvester Stallone, Jet Li, and Randy Couture to name a few. It is a drama/action film released in 2010. Do you like that kind of movie?
He's a good actor! He's also in Creed and Demolition Man. Have you seen those?
You're right! Creed is a 2015 boxing movie also starring Michael B. Jordan.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, it's my home team. I don't follow baseball but they're always in the news.
Same, I don't follow much either. I used to follow the SD Padres tho.
Yep. Aren't the Dodgers owned by Magic Johnson?
I think they are a pretty good team, I don't watch them much. Their head coach is currently Mike Smith. Did you catch their game yesterday ?
That is always a bummer! Do you have a favorite team ?
We're in South Dakota so we have most of the Packer and Viking games on local networks. Mahones is definitely going to go far in his career.
Too much, ha!
Yes, she wrote If You Take a Mouse to the Movies and f You Give a Pig a Pancake. Are you a fan?
Based on the titles, I believe they are children's books. Are you fan of that genre?
Great enjoy!
Sure, some of Mindy Kaling's works are Why Not Me?, and Is Everyone Hanging Out Without Me?
Why Not Me? was released in 2015 the same year when, See Me, Modern Romance and Star Wars Lost Stars were released
Why Not Me? is written in the English language.
The Last Olympian was Written by Rick Riodan and released in 2009. Do you like this author work?
Aside from The Last Olympian, Rick Riordan also wrote Vespers Rising, The Titan's Curse, and The Throne of Fire. Does any of these interest you?
The Lightning Thief is a graphic novel published in 2005.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Love her! Do you enjoy her for her music or acting?
O.k., Have you seen the movie Valentine's Day or The Giver?
I think you would enjoy The Giver, It is a Sci-Fi film and Taylor is great in it.
Yes, that is correct.
Malcolm Gladwell
I don't know but I do know he also writ david & goliath which is family genre
I am not sure but he also wrote Blink: The Power of Thinking Without Thinking which you should check out
Yes, it is written by William Golding and it has a genre Young-adult fiction, Speculative fiction and Novel and fiction. It was released in 1954.
I am not sure about his other works but I can give you information on other books in the Young-adult fiction genre and Flowers in the Attic, and Dear Mr. Henshaw are a few other examples.
Is there anything else you would like to know about other examples of books in the same genre?
Michael Mann wrote Public Enemies, which is starring Rory Cochrane.
yes that's correct. Johnny Depp also starred in Dark Shadows. do you think that's something you like to watch?
yes she does stars in Dark Shadows with him. Helena Bonham Carter also starred in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 2
both are great movies. Glad I could help.
She is an American writer , do you like her books?
Ok, Jeanne DuPrau wrote The Prophet of Yonwood and The People of Sparks
Young-adult fiction if you like that.
Absolutely!
The Husband's Secret is written by Liane Moriarty and released in 2013. Ahe also wrote What Alice Forgot and Three Wishes.
It is a Reality television. Do you like this genre?
Truly Madly Guilty might be a good fit for you!
enjoy!
I do, it is a Non-Fiction book written by Bill Bryson in 2003. Do you like his work?
Yes, he did! It was released in 2015, the same year that Pretty Baby was released.
She stars in Shooting the Past and Rebecca
I am not sure, but it is a tv series
Lindsay Duncan also stars in that movie.
Jurassic World is awesome! If you haven't seen the prior Jurassic film trio, I recommend those. The first is the best, but the other two are decent.
It's actually the fourth. It stars Chris Pratt, who has become known to action films. It also stars Bryce Dallas Howard, who is wonderful in the film.
She starred in a film called The Help. That one also stars Sissy Spacek from Coal Miner's Daughter and Carrie fame, and Mary Steenburgen. Are you a fan of either actress?
Not a problem!
Yes, it was written by Robert Louis Stevenson in 1886. Do you like that author?
Yes, he also wrote Treasure Island. Have you read that one?
Absolutely, I'll add it to your list.
Treasure Island was released in 1882. Can I recommend anything else for you?
Most notably he is affiliated with William Shakespeare. Did you read Romeo and Juliet. But really he writes about war.
Cool there is a sequel to that movie called The Dark Knight Rises.
Batman Begins is similar to the Dark Knight.
Your welcome.
He directed Star Wars Episode VI Return of the Jedi have you seen the Star Wars saga?
Yes, he also starred in episode I The Phantom Menace and other works such as The Awakening and Sleepy Hollow.
Yes it is, does this interest you?
I am not a fan of the Georgia team. My teams are little further North.
New York Jets and New York Giants. You?
That's cool. At least you can do something else on a Sunday. I must watch the Game or three.
Sure, it's a historical fiction / romance piece that was written by Philippa Gregory. Do you like those genres?
Other Philippa Gregory books include Wideacre, The Queen's Fool and The Virgin's Lover.
Yes they are.
Yes. That would be A Midsummer Night's Dream. It came out in 1595. Have you heard of it?
Yes, I think so. It was really popular. Do you like comedy genre?
The Phantom Tollbooth is a good Fantasy book. You should check it out sometimes.
You're welcome. Have a good day.
There are no recommendations based on this
The beatless Anthology is similar one
Genre Music
Did you know Armageddon is written by Tony Gilroy?
Correct. Do you like Adventure films?
Black Panther and Avengers to name a few. Jeremy Renner is in The Bournce Legacy and Avengers.
I believe he composed the song The Recipe. Are you into Hip hop music?
Really, did he happen to record Hol' Up by any chance?
No, just wanted to make sure we're on the same page here. I'm more of a Keyshia Cole person
I agree, he composed Liquid Store Blues and Marry You which I think are great. Have you listened to those songs?
Yes, did you know he won the MTV Music Awards for Best Choreography. He's a great dancer too.
Yea, Michael Jackson was very talented too. I really liked Billie Jean
You might be interested in authors Richard Lester or Nicholas Jarecki. Do you like paranormal romance?
That was written by John Green and is in the genre of Young-adult fiction and Mathematics. Have you read that before ?
The Fault in our stars in another great one that John Green also wrote and then was turned into a movie. Definitely worth the read.
You're welcome, I hope you like them.
Absolutely, Lord of the Rings is considered a fantasy genre, and some films with the same genre you may like are The Others and Wizards of Waverly Place.
Yes, you're probably right, the movie has several classifications actually.
Sure, it's a Walt Disney film about some siblings encountering a family of witches.
Yes, I think you will enjoy it as well.
It was written by Ken Follett. The genre is genre United Kingdom/Thriller. I have not read it, but sounds interesting.
The genre is Thriller, Miniseries, Historical period drama romance and Drama. Another good romance books is Valley of the Dolls. Have you read it?
Your welcome
Sure, Billy Boyd starred in The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers and The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King.
Yes, have you see The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring?
Sorry, I do not have any information about him
Yes! Do you like books written by Raine Miller or the genre humor?
Yes she did! If you liked that, I suggest you read All In and The Wanderer if you haven't.
Eyes Wide Open is an erotic book released in 2013.
The Dark Knight is produced by Christopher Nolan. He also wrote The Prestige.
I haven't read it, but I know its a Nicholas Sparks novel, a drama and a romance. I liked The Notebook and Message in a Bottle, both of which he wrote. Did you read or watch them?
Oh yea, the Arthur Miller play. What a tragedy. I remember Daniel Day Lewis was in the movie adaptation. Do you like his movies?
I haven't seen that, but I liked There Will be Blood, thought it was rather dark, and Gangs of New York.
Yea, The Crucible was a play.
Neat. Have a great day!
Thanks
He's an Indian international cricketeer that is very well known.
Not terribly. I understand it is very popular overseas, yes?
Being a runner myself, I follow running.
I think they are a good NFL team. It was owned by Virginia Halas McCaskey.
May be I'll just watch the highlights. I have a movie planned for tomorrow. What about you?
Cool, enjoy your weekend!
It's a film written by Mike Werb and starring Thomas Jane and Nicholas Cage. Do you like that film?
Are you interested in action films?
I'm not sure how you'll feel about the message, but Three Kings is another good action film.
Into the Wild is a biographical film, would you like a suggestion from that same genre?
The Oath is a great movie in that genre, as well as The Pursuit of Happyness
I can't find information on that. I can tell you it was produced by Will Smith and released in 2006
It really is a great movie! You're welcome
Yes I love Insomnia. I like thrillers. What genre do you like?
Al Pacino was really good. What about you?
I have not seen that movie. I know Two for the Money starred Matthew McConaughey. Do you like any of his movies?
I will definitely check it out. I like buddy films such as that movie.
I haven't heard about it. do you know which genre is it? I see that it released 2006
I see, which genre books or movie you like to see, my favorite are mystery
Inception is a good movie, i watched it and other is Shutter Island
I liked the movie 8 Mile. I'm more into old school rappers. I didn't mind the Slim Shady LP.
I like Run DMC, and I love the Beastie Boys. Dj Khaled is good, too. Who else do you like?
Ok, I'm old. What is his most popular song right now?
I will have to check him out. I'm trying to stay up to date for my kids.
Donnie Brasco is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Vantage Point and Vanilla Sky are thrillers as well. Have you seen them?
I am sorry you didn't enjoy that one. Do you like thrillers with a bit of horror as well? If so, you may like Shark Night.
Yes, it stars Dudtin Milligan and Kyla Pratt. I think you will enjoy it.
I've heard that he's great, he plays for Real Madrid C.F and he's a forward. Are you a fan of this sport?
Yeah I loved watching David Beckham too, but I prefer American football. My favorite team is the Chiefs. Do you like football?
I think they did.
I believe there was only one book written by that author. It was released in -720. They wrote it along with Robert Fagles. What are you working on for your class?
No, that is the only title that I have by that author. Are you interested in ?
No problem. Good luck with your class!
Yes its genre is thriller
Yes, I do he is a professional golfer
He was born in 1988 and won the PGA Championship in 2010.
Yes, it was
Yes, that was an action-packed film. I can also tell you that it stars Bruce Willis.
Sure, Hudson Hawk was a good one. It was written by Steven E. de Souza. Have you seen it?
I can tell you it is an adventure film but it's also very funny. Bruce Willis delivers a great performance!
Great. I hope you like it.
Ok. I have The Catcher in the Rye: Literary Criticism. Is that something you are interested in?
Would you like to read more by C.S. Lewis? Or are you interested in other theology books?
He was a great writer. He wrote The Four Loves and The Great Divorce. Do either of those sound interesting to you?
Enjoy
Alexander Gould starred in City of Angels, a fantasy film. Do you like that genre?
sure you might also like The lord of the Rings.
Yes, I will do that. You might also enjoy Fantastic 4: Rise of the Silver Surfer. Shall I add that one as well?
You're welcome.
Die Hard 2 was written by Walter Wager and stars William Atherton. Do you like movies starring this actor?
Robert Costanzo also stars in Man's Best Friend. Habe you seen it?
Man's best Friend is a science fiction/thriller/
Great! Hope you enjoy it.
Yes, Eddith Grossman wrote La Fiesta Del Chivo and Memoria de mis putas tristes.
These books were written in the English Language if that is what you are asking.
They are in the Biography Genre.
I am sorry, I do not have any information on that at the moment.
In 2004 I believe.
Have a great day!
Do you like genre Thriller?
Then you will like Face/Off. Do you know The Rock is starring Michael Biehn.
How about Riddick ? Did you watch that one?
Absolutely!
I do! She wrote Silence. Have you heard of that one?
That one was released in 2012.
Enjoy the Silence is the musical composition for that song.. which is a song I really love.
Well, Mary Ann Shaffer is similar. She wrote, The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
It's both Fiction and Historical Fiction. Nice combo!
Please do, I'm sure enjoy them! Take care!
The book was written by J.K Rowling
She also wrote Lethal White and Career of Evil
The Casual Vacancy is also in this genre
Yes, She is a writer. She wrote The Red Tent, The last Days of Dogtown, The bostonGirel. Are those appealing to you?
It is a Historical Novel and it was released in 1997. It is a classic. Do you enjoy classic books?
If you like historical Fiction you should try World Without End and wolf, you or you son. Great books
You're welcome
JK Rowlings wrote this book
They are a pretty good team. Who is the best player in your opinion?
Yes I did. Who is your preferred team then?
Yes, he scored a touchdown from the Thanksgiving game against the Giants.
Sure! He is an famous athlete, he plays in american football as a quarterback.
I can tell about Yuvraj Singh. He is an actor an athlete from Pune Warrior India and guess what? he appeared in Slumdog Millionaire.
Yeah, because cricket is the most popular sport in India
If you enjoyed this J.K Rowling series then maybe you will also like The Casual Vacancy.
It's a fantasy, tragicomedy book. Are you into genre?
Maybe you'd be interested in The Great Divorce. Seems odd for a title but sure is a good one.
I believe it is.
Welcome!
Sure. He starred in Walking Tal, Valley Girl, and The Lost
David Klass wrote that as well as Kiss the Girls
Okay great.
Also by J.R.R. Tolkien are The Return of the King and The Lord of the Rings.
Yes, they are both in the same genre as The Hobbit which is Fantasy.The Two Towers is also part of this genre.
You're very welcome.
He directed A Beautiful Mind, which starred Michael Abbott Jr.. Have you seen it?
Oh yeah. He also starred in my favorite; Game Change, which was written by Mark Halperin
No, but I heard it was a great Comedy. I think I'll check it out now!
Yes it was written by Paula McLain!
My data is also showing me that she wrote Circling The Sun.
It's fairly new, it was released in 2015.
That's the sequel The Bourne Identity. Are you interested in that?
Sure thing! How about Good Will Hunting? It's not action, but a very good, moving film!
Actually, Ben Affleck and Robin Williams are in it. Both gave very good performances!
I do like that movie. Other movies in the Sci-Fi genre are Under the Skin and The Nutty Professor.
Scarlett Johansson starred in Under the Skin. Did you know she was also in We Bought a Zoo?
You're welcome. Always here to help!
I've only heard of him in The Expendables 2. Is he an athlete too?
Is he? I'm not into that. I think it's a very tiring sport. How about tennis?
I like Rafa. Rafael Nadal is solid.
I would love to. A trip to watch Wimbledon live is a dream.
Yes, the three most popular novels she has written are Scarpetta, Post Mortem and Book of the Dead. Have you heard of these novels?
No. They are Crime Fiction novels. Do you prefer this genre?
Yes. She primarily writes Crime Fiction. Some other titles she has witten are All That Remains, The Body Farm and Dust.
It's written by R.J. Palacio and Roland Emmerich. It released in 2012. Are you a fan of their work?
It's New York Times"bestseller" fiction book. Do you like fiction?
No I have not. I don't like Romance novel. But if you like Romance fiction check out Romancing the Duke.
He's in all kinds of movies. War, Thriller, Drama, Action and even some comedies.
His most popular comedy is Wild Target. It also had Rupert Everett in it.
Ok. Sending link now..beep boop boop beep...
That was written by Stieg Larsson. Are you a fan of his or was there something in particular you liked about this book.
He also wrote Luftslottet som sprangdes, and Flickan som lekte med elden.
These are the books that are known as The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo series in English. They would fall under the drama/thriller category.
No problem, enjoy.
For sure, I have been following him since Section.80! Do you like him too?
He is such a good songwriter. I don't know whether I know that song though? Is it new?
I see, so I guess it wasn't on his album good Kid m.A.A.d city.
I know nothing about cricket, isn't he a Bollywood actor as well? I heard he was in Hook Ya Crook, too!
I thought that was interesting when I heard it too. Do you follow Cricket?
I might have to start watching!
I have not heard anything bout him since he married Anna Kournikova! I didn't know he acted too.
Yes she's a tennis player. Did you like him as a singer or as an actor. I think I would have to watch Desperado.
I like his performance in Dirty Dancer.
Yes. Gangs of New York was directed by Martin Scorsese.
It was written by Steven Zaillian. Have you seen Schindler's List?
It was released in 1993. Would you like to see this?
Let me suggest American Gangster.
Malcolm Goodwin and Josh Brolin to name a few. I am adding it to your list now.
No problem.
Do you enjoy trillers or horror movies by chance? She was in some of those.
In that case Gloria Stuart was in the Old Dark House and the Invisible Man.
Oh and Melvyn Douglas is also in the Old Dark House. I hear it is quite good!
Yes. He plays for the Houston Rockets currently. He is a point guard. Do you like the NBA?
Walt Frazier and Tony Parker also played point guard like Chris Paul. Do you like point guards?
Chris Paul also won a Gold medal in 2012 Summer Olympics. Did you watch them?
I believe he plays for the Portugal National football team.
Yes soccer futebol. I do not only when it is FIFA time. Do you like Soccer?
I agree that is the best part and the song
Institution, would you like to hear more?
Tess of the d'Urbervilles is related to Byrne and is written by Hardy.
No, But check out Trudi Canavan
I know Love is Gone and Who's That Chick. I'm not really into him to be honest.
I like EDM and pop music like that, but just not anything by David Guetta. What is your favorite song by him?
I am not sure, I never remember the names. Okay I actually didn't know Turn Me On was by him, that is a decent song.
I do like them! They are part of the National Football League
Every chance I get I go to wrigley field which is The chicago bears home venue
I only think of tom brady romantically, but he is involved with Bridget Moynahan
I dont, what Genre is that?
I really like them too. I have no idea when they will be releasing new music
the only other member i know of is the guitarist James Valentine
Well I'm hoping for some new music soon!
Two directors like Damien Chazelle, are Sean Astin and Rosanna Arquette.
Sean Astin starred in The Goonies. The Goonies is written by Steve Spielberg.
Steven Spielberg also wrote Close Encounters of the Third Kind.
It's definitely science fiction. Another example of Science Fiction is Cloverfield written by Drew Goddard.
It's definitely science fiction. Another example of Science Fiction is Cloverfield written by Drew Goddard.
soccer player for Real Madrid C.F.. are you a fan?
sometimes. it is very popular. have you ever watched a game?
thats cool what sports do you enjoy?
nice do you think they have a chance at the super bowl this spring?
nice good luck i hope they do
I do. Are you interested in other books by Lois Lowry?
Lois Lowry also wrote The Giver and Gathering Blue. These are very influential works of literature.
The Giver and Gathering Blue are considered to be utopian and dystopian fiction.
Sure. She's an actress known for roles in such films as The Truman Show and The Devil's Own. Are you a fan of hers?
It's more of a drama in my opinion. Some may have found it amusing, though. If you like Jim Carrey, be sure to check out his films Bruce Almighty, which also stars Steve Carell, another hilarious actor who has recently turned to drama. Seems like many of the comics make that transition after time.
No problem. I hope you enjoy the film!
They're okay, he directed Fifty Shades of Grey. Do you like his movies?
I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings is by Maya Angelou. She also wrote Heart of a Woman. Are you a fan of Maya Angelou?
Many of her peices are partially about her own life including I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings. were you looking for an autobiography?
Yes, it was. In that case try The Story of My Life.
Sure he wrote the book The World According to Garp, have you read it?
I haven't read it too but i think it is romantic Comedy-drama. it seems interesting
I think yes, movie has also a same name
Sure, according to Rotten Tomatoes, The Great Gatsby is similar to the movie V for Vendetta.
Master and Commander and The Abstinence Teacher.
He's best know for directing the Bond movies, like GoldenEye, and also Casino Royale with Tobias Menzies.
Golden Eye is a great spy film like You Only Live Twice and True Lies. Have you seen those?
I would consider it a fantasy mystery.
Yes, great crime fantasy movies include Zodiac, You Kill Me and Wolf Creek.
Zodiac is starring Jake Gyllenhaal and Adam Trese.
Enjoy!
Great movie written by Oliver Stone. Do you like because it is a Crime/Thriller?
There is also The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies and The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey.
Aidan Turner starred in these movies along with James Nesbitt and Adam Brown.
He has been in Jude and Five Minutes in Heaven.
It is a Romance. It is also starring Rachel Griffths.
Kathryn Bigelow directed Zero Dark Thirty. A drama starring Jessica Chastain. Do you like dramas?
I do not have that information but it also stars Mark Duplass . Eli Stone is a drama you might also like.
I do not have that information. What about To kill a Mockingbird?
Other works by William Shakespeare would be The Tempest.
It is a Comedy/Drama that is also a bit of Fantasy.
Yes it is also staring Julie Taymor an Russell Brand
Yes if you like William Shakespeare you might also like Much Ado About Nothing.
Will do enjoy!
so do i. kpop is awesome. do you like any other kpop
MDNA is good snythpop do you know them?
American Life is an example of pop do you like them
true Sarah Brightman is techno do you like her
also is a dance music theme do you like dance
thats all for today
Little Miss Sunshine is written by Michael Ardnt, and it starred Steven Christopher Parker.
Yes, he did with Steve Purcell and Mark Andrews.
Yes, He wrote Toy Story 3 with John Lasseter and Andrew Stanton.
Yes, it was written by Quentin Tarantino in 2012, starring Samuel L. Jackson.
Grindhouse, Death Proof, and Four Rooms are also very good ones from him.
It's a Slasher starring Eli Roth, Rosario Dawson and Marley Shelton.
No problem.
The team is owned by Leslie Alexander
Yes,I like Houston Rockets
thank you
Well that book was written by Jamie Ford. He also wrote Songs of Willow Frost which you might also enjoy.
I believe its fiction. Another good fiction book is The Last Picture Show.
I am not honestly sure who wrote it. Sorry about that.
I don't know that much about her, but I agree she has an incredible voice. Have you heard Titanium, she sounds majestic.
The two of them did another collaboration called Wild Ones. This song was quite popular at the clubs and music festivals.
Guetta was actually born in Paris, France and still lives there when he's not touring. But he is certainly very popular in America.
I do. He's a Point Guard with the Houston Rockets
He was an excellent player. He was inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame.
I'm not sure. But, he was really good when he played, almost as good as Karl Malone.
That great piece of writing was written by Alan R. Clarke and Paulo Coelho and released in 1988.
Here's another book you should look at called The Gray Wolf Throne and Tintenherz.
Actually, he did along with Margaret Jull Costa. It was released in 2003 and surprisingly Paulo Coelho is an actor.
Enjoy, these are great books to start a book club.
Sure., Oliver Twist is written by Phillip Horne, Do you like his books?
Philip Horn writes Novels I see its also written by Charles Dickens but no other books listed, can I look up Charles Dickens for you?
I apologize I don't show other books by Charles Dickens.
Sure, Frank Capra directed It's a Wonderful Life. Have you seen this one?
Yes, another good one is It Happened One Night.
Great! Would you like more recommendations?
Yes. He wrote The Tragedie of Antony and Cleopatra. Have you heard of it?
I'm not sure. I just know that he adapted several of Shakespeare's works.
You are welcome. Would you like to know about any of the other works?
Clockwork Angel is part of series: The Infernal Devices by Cassandra Clare next in the series is Clockwork Prince.
Sure, do you like Thriller or Science Fiction movies?
Ok, here are a few suggestions for Thriller movies: Zodiac, Zero Effect and Wrong Turn.
I do not have that information. Zodiac is a crime fiction film.
You are welcome.
i really don't know this Sam Smith only sam cook
Yes oldboy was written by Park Chan-wook.
It is the genre world cinema.
He also directed Stoker. You should check that out.
Siobhan Fallon Hogan starred in The Bounty Hunter which is a romantic comedy film. Does this interest you?
Jeff Garlin starred and directed I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With. It is also a romantic comedy.
Do you need any other recommendations?
You're welcome
Jeannette Walls wrote The Glass Castle.
The Glass Castle is a memoir.
Two Years Before the Mast, Tuesdays With Morrie, and Three Cups of Tea are just a few memoirs I found.
I know he is a professional Basketball player.
I have not heard of that book Hoop Dreams, I know there was a flim made in 1994.
I am sorry I have not heard of that film before. Do you watch Basketball?
Sounds good!
Absolutely! That was directed by the very talented, Quentin Tarantino. Are you a fan of his work?
Sure! Rob Zombie wrote House of 1000 Corpses, which is Horror genre. Have you seen it?
I have, he has great music and also starred in what some say is an autobiographical film called 8 Mile. Did you see it?
Kimberly Anne Scoot played herself in that movie, but Brittney Murphy was in that movie too and died shortly after.
That is true, he is also a friend to Mac Miller who also has passed away only recently from an overdose.
Sure! Pandemonium is a great film, its genre Speculative fiction released in 2012 and was written by Lauren Oliver. Do you like films that are genre Speculative fiction?
He is a cricket player from Chennai India, are you a cricket fan?
Yes, he is an excellent player, did you know know about Yuvraj Singh, he is great too!
I heard about that, did you know he also had a role in Slumdog Millionaire? Have you seen that movie?
I am glad to hear your opinion, it is good to hear perspective from an Indian person.
I think that she is an amazing tennis talent. Do you play tennis?
It's a game played by 2 or 4 people where they hit a ball with a racket over a low net. Are you a sports fan?
Did you watch the women's Olympic final, USA vs Canada?
I'm not really the biggest hockey fan, but that game I enjoyed!
Playing more than watching.
About ten years, but I've played in a while
Written by Reginald Rose.
Sure! Kurt Wimmer wrote Law Abiding Citizen starring Roger Bart
Richard Portnow, Regina Hall, Michael Kelly, and Michael Irby are all starring in the movie.
She is hilarious! She has also starred in The Stepford Wives.
Gangs of New York is starring Tim Pigott-Smith, Stephen Graham, Stephen Graham, and a few others as well
Yes. Have you heard of Ninja Assassin?
Yes. Have you heard of Ninja Assassin?
Yes, he's pretty amazing! Did you know he's from Dallas?
Do you remember his cause of death?
My goodness! His wife Marina Oswald Porter must have been devasted.
I do, Eminem is perhaps my favorite rapper. He is in Pauly Shore Is Dead, 8 Mile, and Funny People.Maybe you heard of his song; Love the Way You Lie?
It's a comedy movie that Eminem and Britney Spears starred in. It came out in 2003. Very funny movie tho. You should check it out.
Yeah but Britney didn't have a big part of it tho.
Wally Lamb is the author.
I agree. He is very talented. He also wrote Wishin' and Hopin': A Christmas Story and We Are Water.
Is there anything else you need for today?
Enjoy the rest of your day and enjoy your books.
Yes, My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories, Dreams of Gods & Daughter of Smoke & Bone Monsters
I believe it is in the Romantic fiction genre, Have you read it yet?
Stephanie Perkins, Rainbow Rowell, Myra McEntire and Matt de la Pena are authors as well.
Brendon Boyd Urie is an American singer, songwriter, and musician, best known as the lead vocalist of Panic! at the Disco, of which he is the only original member remaining.
I love Shakia as well! My favorite song by her is Whenever, Wherever.
I love Shakia as well! My favorite song by her is Whenever, Wherever.
Yes. He directed and starred in Here Comes the Boom.
Yes, Kevin James was in that, too. Did you dislike the movie, or is it Kevin James that you don't like?
OK. Kevin James was also in Monster House, Hitch, Grown Ups, and 50 First Dates. Perhaps you would like to watch one of those?
Certainly! Please let me know if you need anything else.
Yes, he wrote Pretty Little Liars which is a thriller and teen drama. Are you interested in those types of movies?
It was adapted for a television series and Wanted and Vanilla Sky are examples of thrillers with a similar feel to it. Have you seen it?
You're welcome
Meet the Parents released in 2000.
Other comedies released that year were You Can Count on Me and Wonder Boys.
Wonder Boys stars Toby Maguire and Jane Adams.
You are welcome.
Sure, I can help with that, and Zack Ward has starred in Transformers, Trade a Crime-Fiction, Postal and Monte Walsh. Do you prefer these?
Right now I am afraid I can help with some horror genres of Zack Ward films and Restoration is one
no I am sorry we do not have any of his films
Anna Harr has also starred in Restoration and that has a horror genre. Would you like that genre?
Restoration was released in 2016 and is also directed by Zack Ward
Alright. May I know if you are gonna be ordering this film and I could place the order for you and have it delivered once you buy it online?
Yes the New York Jets is owned by Woody Johnson.
Oh, the tennis player? She lost recently to Maria Sharapova.
Did you know she was involved romantically with Common the actor from Date Night?
Yes she did! But every time I think of her it reminds me of Family Guy the TV show she works on. That show is funny!
Martin Campbell was in GoldenEye, also in Casino Royale.
Yes that is correct. Do you like spy movies? If so you should check out True Lies, and also This means war.
1994
you're welcome!
He is a cricket player who plays for the Indian team
I know that they are playing Australia today and is ranked the first team
He has caught over 310 and had 3 run outs
The NBA team? I don't know much, do you like them?
No clue were they at home at the Talking Stick Resort Arena or away?
Really, is he the point guard?
Sure thing! He wrote The Good Earth it's a historical period drama.
Wonderful. Have you seen Waiting to Exhale or The Time Traveler's Wife?
That is romance film with Rachel McAdams.
I have not seen the movie , which genre is the movie , I think it released in 2004
I liked The Martian very much, do you like science fiction
Great, I never heard of this, who starred in it?
Thanks for the info, i will check the movie
Yes, he directed The Karate Kid. which is a teen drama. Do you like his movies?
He directed Rocky starring Sylvester Stallone, have you seen it?
Cool, hope you enjoy watching it again!
Have fun and good night.
Seven Samurai is written by Shinobu Hashimoto and Akira Kurosawa. Have you seen Rashomon?
Sure, he wrote Twilight, New Mon as well, have you read them?
Another one is The Art of Finding Nemo, have you read it?
Yes, they are.
It's the first book in Terry Goodkind's The Sword of Truth series It was released in 1994 and is in the High Fantasy genre. Do you enjoy fantasy novels?
Well most of what he wrote is part of the series he has some other books that in the same universe like The Law of Nines and Debt of Bones.
It was published in a anthology called Legends in 1998 but I'm sure it's available standalone now.
Not a problem, glad I could help.
Have you seen the sequel, Kung Fu Panda 2? One of the writers, Glenn Berger, also wrote Monsters vs Aliens. Would that be something you would like?
he did! He voiced the character General W.R. Monger. He is a very talented actor. He also starred in A Few Good Men with Kevin Pollak.
No problem. Enjoy!
No, I do not!
Oh, ok what's a midfielder ?
Oh, ok I understand now!
Anner Rice have written Vittorio the Vampire, Violin, The Wolf Gift, The Witching Hour. Are you interested in any of these books?
Sure. It comes under the genres of Gothic fiction, horror fiction, werewolf fiction. Are you interested in any of these genre?
Happy to Help. Is there anything else I can do for you?
That's a tough call, I think she does great in everything she does! Do you have a favorite movie she was in?
Oh! Seeking Susan I think it was. That is a great one!
She definitely does a great job acting and bringing out the character she is playing.
That starred Sullivan Stapleton, who also starred in The Hunter. How does that sound?
Yes, and he also starred in The Border, a good movie.
Yes, it is!
Enjoy! Shark Night is good one too!
Yes I do. I love her song Give Your Heart a Break. Are you also a fan?
Yes a huge pop fan. I also like her in Camp Rock. Have you watched that?
Yes it was! Since you like musicals do you like High School Musical with Zac Efron?
Wasn't she also in Sucker Punch?
Did you watch The Suite Life of Zack & Cody? I think Vanessa was in that too.
Sure, Rachel McAdams starred in that are you a fan of hers?
The Vow and Time Traveler's are very good movies she stars in. They are romances do you enjoy those?
Channing Tatum is a big actor that played a main role in this film!
Of course I hope you like it!
Yes he's an actor who starred in Unlawful Entry, The Vatican Tapes and The Tempest. Are you a fan of his movies?
Carmen Argenziano also starred in it, have you seen it?
Unlawful Entry is a Thriller similar to Blueberry which also starred Djimon Hounsou.
You're welcome
To Kill a Mocking Bird is a Fiction Publication written by Harper Lee in 1960.
Go set a watchman is also a more recent release by Harper Lee you may enjoy.
He's been in a variety of films. You may know him from The Powerpuff Girls Movie or The Adventures of Brer Rabbit. He was also in Spider-Man 2.
I'm not sure but Wayne Brady was also in Brer Rabbit and Roll Bounce. If you like him and adventure, you might like Roll Bounce.
You're welcome. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, he starred in This Christmas, a romantic comedy-drama.
Mekhi Phifer starred in Subway Stories and the Comedy-drama Soul Food as well. Do you like Comedies?
Rosie Perez ist starring in Subway Stories and no idea about the genre, sorry!
enjoy your movie time!
is most well-known for writing Elle s'appelait Sarah and Boomerang.
Which? Elle s'appelait Sarah or Boomerang?
Elle s'appelait Sarah was released in 2007. The English title is Sarah's Key. It's about a modern day journalist in Paris who learns about the atrocities of a Jewish round-up during the Holocaust.
You're welcome. Can I do anything else for you?
You might be interested in "We have always Lived in the Castle. It is similar to Kim Edwards The Memory Keeper's Daughter.
I am not sure, but, I do know it win the Whiting Writer's Award.
Yes, William T Vollmann and Suketu Mehta were also award the Whiting Writer's Award.
Of course, I would be happy to. You might be interested in his work "Voyage au bout la nuit".
It was released in 1932.
I hope you enjoy.
Cristiano Ronaldo is from Madeira and plays for Real Madrid C.F on the Portugal national football team.
I think it was. I don't really follow soccer. I do know that Cristiano Ronaldo won the FIFA World player of the year award .
He signed with the Manchester United at the age of 18 in 2003.
You are welcome>
I know he is a quarterback. Do you know which team he plays for?
Cool. Vinny Testaverde is from my hometown of Brooklyn.
Yeah. I heard they are owned by Jay-Z now.
He wrote The New York Trilogy, The Comple Maus and Maus; A survivor's Tale: My fathers bleeds history.
It was released in 1987.
Cloverfield is a sci-fi movie with monsters/aliens. Do you like that?
You are correct. It starred Mike Vogel and Michael Stahl-David
One in the same
Good luck and enjoy!
Robert Downey Jr. starred in Zodiac
Zodiac is a crime fiction film and can also be considered a thriller.
Yes, the production company is Warner Bros. Entertainment
Anthony Edwards stars in Zodiac as well.
Anthony stars in Santa Barbara as well.
A Waste of Shame and The Tenant of Wildfell Hall are two movies with him in them
Tom Sturridge is another one of the actors in the movie.
Your welcome.
He plays basketball right?
I like sci-fi movies like that. Do you?
What are your favorites?
I have no likes towards any team and I only know they were coached by Ken Whisenhunt and owned by Bud Adams. Do you have information about them?
I have not been seeing any matches and I heard my friends talk about Steve McNair. Do you know or have you heard about him?
Really? Thanks for that information. Did the Tennessee Titans play during the 2008 NFL season?
I'm not sure about Bollywood-esque movies. You might like 127 Hours. It was written by Simon Beaufoy, who also wrote Slumdog Millionaire.
Yes, it is. Should I set your preferences to films in English?
I will do both of those things! Is there anything else I can do to help?
I'm happy to help.
He directed King Kong starring Naomi Watts. Have you seen it?
He directed King Kong. The one that starred Naomi Watts.
She was in The Painted Veil, Plots With a View and Matinee to name a few.
Edward Norton?
I am not sure.
Yes, it is a pop song I believe
Party For One, Good Time
pop songs
Jan de Bont directed a lot of adventure and action films. One of them is Twister. Do you like watching these types of films?
Twister is adventure and action. Jan de Bont also directed Speed, which starred Keanu Reeves.
Twister stars Philip Seymour Hoffman, Jami Gertz and Alan Ruck to name a few.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
The Born Ultimatum is written by Robert Ludlum. The Movie stars Matt Damon. Is there anything else you would like to know?
It is part of the Jason Borne series.
Julia Stiles also acts in The Bourne Ultimatum. Would you like to know more about her?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Judd Apatow wrote This is 40. This is 40 stars Tatum O'Neal.
Judd Apatow has directed The Island, The Goodbye Girl, and Friday the 13th, The Final Chapter. What genre do you like?
Tom Everett and Scarlett Johansson star in The Island. It is a Thriller based movie.
You are very welcome!
I have not seen Trainspotting. I heard it stars Keith Allen. That it was an Indie film in the UK.
Maybe you would like some that Kelly Macdonald starred in like the Electric Mist or Gosford Park.
I don't have any more information on that one but I do have another crime genre called the Hunted. That one starred Tommy Lee Jones.
I see they are in the NFL and owned by Bill Bidwill.
I think so - Looks like he is a wide receiver from Minneapolis.
Not really, is he from Oklahoma City?
He is an awesome football quarterback! He is having a great season.
He is the quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. He is playing very well, as is the team!
Not last year. That was the New England Patriots and the Philadelphia Eagles. The Eagles upset the Patriots and won their first Superbowl!
The prestige is also written by christopher nolan so it could be similar
The Prestige starred William Morgan Sheppard and Scarlet Johansson
Scarlett Johansson was in Under the Skin and We Bought a Zoo among others.
Cameron Crowe wrote We Bought a Zoo
We Bought a Zoo is the genre comedy
I don't know them what is it?
They are a sports team? Yes I think so.
Yes, it was written by Spencer Johnson and released in 1998.
He is a Business executive and Motivational speaker from South Dakota.
The One Minute Manager is one of his best sellers.
Sure, enjoy!
Yes, I love this thriller starring Penn Dayton Badgley and Patricia Clarkson. Are you a fan as well?
It's one of my favorite movies! It was directed by Frank Darabont who wrote The Shawshank Redemption. Do you like that one?
Rita Hayworth starred in Only Angels Have Wings too. I love her movies.
Oh yes, I love her movies too!
Well, there is actually a museum and an airport named after him!
I liked him as an actor, especially in A Hard Day's Night.
Yes Let It Be is great, but to me his best work is All Together Now.
Wow that is an amazing story!
I can tell you she was married to Franklin Roosevelt and was first lady from 1933-1945.
She wrote her biography That was one of her most popular book
The autobiography of Eleanor Roosevelt and I highly recommend it. She has some other books too would you like those names?
Yes, I love her music and acting. She starred in Princess Protection Program and Camp Rock
I do too! She was in Hotel Transylvania and Horton Hears a Who! as well.
Yes and she's friends with some pretty big stars like Justin Bieber and Miley Cyrus
Sure thing! He was in Uptown Girls and Wall Street: Money Never Sleeps.
Let's see. She was in: The Return of Swamp Thing and Wayne's World 2 which is quite funny!
Actually, she starred in Superman #527 also starring Jack O'Halloran! That's a fun movie!
Sure, it was written by Suzanne Collins and the next in the series is The Hunger Games.
Sure, it is a science fiction thriller, directed by Gary Ross and also starred Lenny Kravitz.
Great! I'm glad I could help. Enjoy!
I think he's a great athlete. He plays for the Mumbai Indians, who are really good.
I'm sorry. I unfortunately don't have that information.
I do! They're a great Cricket team.
I am a fan of Rihanna and her music, but also have enjoyed the few films she has been in. Have you seen her in any of the films?
She had a large role in the thriller film Battleship, as well as a small cameo in the movie This is The End. Do those titles sound interesting?
Yes I do, its a very funny movie starring James Franco, Seth Rogan, and Jonah Hill. While Rhianna only has a small role, her lines are very funny. Would you like me to send you a link?
Yes wrote The Light Between Oceans released in 2012. Are you familiar with it?
It falls under thriller and science fiction
Another recommendation would be Winter of the World also released in 2012
Oh yes! He wrote one of the most memorable Christmas films of all time, Its a Wonderful Life. Its considered a family movie, but also a romance, and stars Thomas Mitchell.
Oh that movie is beautiful! It was released in 1946. Do you like Christmas movies in general?
Me too! I would say watch A Christmas Story, from 1983, or White Christmas, which is a classic Christmas movie from 1954.
You are so welcome! Have fun!
Ato Essandoh starred in Saving Face and Prime
Yes, Saving Face has genre comedy and drama
The movie was released in 2004, the same year Troy was released
Yes I have he starred in Cars 2 which also starred Owen Wilson have you seen Cars 2?
I like the original Cars but I did like Lewis Hamilton he played in Sibling with Nicolas Hamilton.
It is written by Colleen Hoover. Would you like to know more of her work?
Ugly Love and This Girl are a couple of other books she's written. Have you read them?
Ugly Love was released in 2014 and has a 4.28 avg rating from 135,260 ratings on Good Reads. If you like contemporary romance, give it a shot.
Have good one!
Yes! He starred in the films Virgin Territory, The Virgin Suicides and Takers.
Yes, it was released in 2007 and it is about young Florentines who take refuge from the black plague and engage in bawdy adventures and lustful advances. What else would you like to know?
No problem at all!
Yes, I do. It's written by Stieg Larsson. It was published in English. Do you like his books?
He wrote The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo! It was adapted into a movie.
It was released in 2009. It starred the actress Noomi Rapace.
I could refer the movie, Warm Springs, to you. Tim Blake Nelson was one of the stars in that movie
It appears to be a Political drama Film. But he acted in Wonderland, you didn't know?
It's a crime mystery drama, directed by Peter Berg and guest starred Mark Walherg
Glad to be of help
E.L. James is best know for the erotic romance series Fifty Shades of Grey.
The books were release from 2011 to 2017.
You might also be interested in a Beautiful Disaster. Hope that helps.
Do you like war movies? The Lucky Ones and Redacted are good examples. Have you seen either of those?
That's correct. John Heard also starred in The Guardian and The Great Debaters. Both are drama if you like that genre.
Lochlyn Munro, Jaime King, and Drew Sidora also star in that film. Would you like to add it to your library?
Great! White Chicks is now in your library. I hope you enjoy it!
Didn't Dwayne star in Just WRight? I know he is married to Gabrielle Union.
That's right. He is an athlete. Wasn't he also drafted by the Miami Heat?
Aw! How exciting for them. Didn't his wife, Gabrielle Union star in Good Deeds or Cadillac Records?
Actually, I believe it was Think Like a Man that Gabrielle Union starred in.
Oh Yeah! It was well written by Dave Pelzer.
Both of them were released in english, right?
I never heard of that. I think I'll have to check it out tonight!
Sure! The hit movie Moon is genre Sci-Fi and stars Matt Berry and Kevin Spacey. Do you like Science Fiction movies?
The movie The Moon was released in 2012. Matt Berry also starred in the Drama Action movie Snow White and the Huntsman, which was also released in 2012. Have you seen this one yet?
Sure! Another hit comedy movie starring Matt Berry is Goodnight. Have you seen it yet?
Would you prefer her biography, or children's literature?
Would you like The Tale of Peter Rabbit? Or The Tale of Mrs Tiggy-Winkle? I hear they're both good.
I believe they were written in the year 1905, to be exact.
Certainly, Wally Lamb wrote the book. Do you like Novel's?
We are Water is a very popular book she wrote recently in 2013. I recommend it!
I am here for you anytime!
Richard Curts wrote Love Actually. It is a drama.
Sure do you enjoy crime fiction?
Paul Winfield starred in a crime Fiction Film Hustle
December 1975
Sure. Anything Else?
You are welcome
Yes. The Man on Fire is written by Brian Helgeland.
Yes, he also wrote The Order. Are you interested in movies similar to the Man on Fire?
The Order is a thriller.
Can I help with anything else?
You're welcome.
Fight Club is a Cult film. Are you Do you like those types of movies?
How about Mad Max? That has a lot of action.
No.
i like jason douglas
I do! They're obviously a part of the NFL and they are NFC East. Do you have a favorite player?
It is written by Stephen Chbosky.
He also wrote The Four Corners of Nowhere, Rent and No Escape.
Comedy and musical
Yes, part with Les Miserables. Have you read that or seen the film?
Yes it originally was, Lee Fahnestock translated it to English.
It was released in 2002 and starred Hugh Jackman, Anne Hathaway and Russel Crowe.
Lauren Oliver wrote the Young-adult fiction, Before I Fall right?
Oh ok I have to check that one out then. Lauren Oliver also wrote Annabel. That was a good one
I haven't read the last one yet, but I am planning on it.
The Nutty Professor, Fun with Dick and Jane and similar movies. Have you watched any of these?
Its a funny one starring Eddie Murphy
Its a remake of the 1963 film of the same name which starred Jerry Lewis. The film co stars Jada Pinkett, James Coburn, Larry Miller, Dave Chappelle and John Ales
You are welcome
Gareth Bale is a Midfielder and Forward from Wales
He is a football player.. Do you follow football?
No, I don't follow football at all. Who are some good hockey players?
Ok. I heard of Connor McDavid. He is a great player from what I hear
No, but I have a friend that loves it
I like basketball
Sure, have you read any of the other books in that series, like The Fellowship of the Ring or The Return of the King?
They're all Fantasy. Do you like that genre?
I would try The Looking Glass Wars. Have you heard of that one?
Great, tenjoy!
Sure, Philip Horne wrote Oliver Twist. Have you read it?
Yes it was re-written in 2003. Charles Dickens did write the first book. I think Horne's version may interest you if you read the original.
I don't have that information. However if you like speculative fiction may I suggest The Voyages of Doctor Dolittle.
Enjoy.
I haven't been watching basketball this year so I don't know how they're doing. Are they doing well?
I've never heard of the Pelicans. Who plays on that team?
Interesting to know! I didn't know they existed but then again I'm not a big basketball fan
It was written by Lawrence Hauben.
Yes one was made it starred Ted Markland.
Okay Ted Markland also starred in The Hired Hand.
The Green Mile is written by Stephen King. And then was also made into a movie. Do you enjoy Stephen King books and films?
He has many movies including Cujo, IT, The Shining, Misery, Pet Semetery and many more.
Yes, they are all horror movies. Another great one to watch and read is Rose Red. That was released in 2002, for the movie. It is a 2 part, so it is pretty long but definitely worth it.
You're welcome, hope you enjoy them.
Are you referring to the writer?
Saulius Dagys wrote Tuesdays with Morrie.
Yes , memoir is one of the genre, also Non-Fiction.
Sure. Some examples of non-fictions are: Washington's Crossing, Visions of Sugar Plums,Zeitoun and When Bad things Happen to Good People.
I'm not certain. Although, it's listed as a history example. It was written by David Hackett Fischer.
Would you like examples of contemporary books?
Maybe you would like Deep and Dark and Dangerous: A ghost story released in 2007.
I am not fan of them since I am a Manchester United fan. They are rivals!
Currently City is better than United. They have won more recently.
No Manchester City is.
Sure, it was written by Stephen King, like Lisey's Story. That is a great book too.
Another great Thriller is The Dead Zone, you might like that.
You are welcome, I hope you will like it!
Neal Stephenson wrote Zodiac and The System of the World
Zodiac is written by Robert Graysmith and was released 1988.
Done. Enjoy.
No, I have not. Jennifer Lawrence stars in this movie.
Yes, I have. It was a good series
Okay, that sounds like a good idea
Sharito Copley and Matt Damon were both in it. Its a thriller.
She was in the Open Grave and Oldboy. Have you seen either of those yet?
Thomas Kretschmann and Josie Ho were both in it with Copley.
For sure.
Yes, Brad Putt starred in that movie along with actress Taraji P.Henson
This movie came out in the year in 2010. I think
Ocean's Eleven
12 Years a Slave stars Taran Killam and is a History genre film. It was pretty good to watch.
I know another one starring Benedict Cumberbatch is The Other Boleyn Girl. Its a great romance film.
Me too. Did you know Beloved stars Oprah Winfrey? Do you like speculative fiction?
Do you also like Natalie Portman? She starred in Dark World.
Might I recommend you watch the film Nowhere Boy?
Yes it is, similar in nature to Time Bandits.
Of course, Life of Brian is also another good film similar in quality to Time Bandits by Gilliam
You are welcome. Check out the The Croods since it has Cleese as a writer just like Life of Brian.
I think that's great for them! I bet it takes a lot for a team to win something like that. Are you a big fan of football?
Oh wow! I don't really watch sports much, all I hear about it is information from friends that are fans.
No, my family just aren't really sports people. I think it's great to have that to bond with friends though!
I know that Chris Paul is an african american Point guard for the New Orleans Pelicans. Do you like the Pelicans?
I Am not sure. I don't follow basketball at all. I just know some players. do you have a favorite team?
Oh, ok. Who is your favorite team?
Yes,It is written by John Grisham
No,It is Action and Drama Genre
Released in 2012
Thank You
I know Mahendra Singh Dhoni as being an actor. what about you?
I dont have that information but Wayne Brady is an example actor.
Yes. He has starred in such films as Unlawful Entry and The Tempest. Have you seen these films?
A married couple call the police after a failed robbery. Seems to be a Thriller.
No problem!
Oh I really wanted to see this movie but didn't see
Yes my favorite Jennifer Lawrence and Josh Hutcherson
I never saw The Godfather: Part II. Is that starring Robert De Niro?
Who else stars in Wag the Dog? Is Jim Belushi a character?
Yes, i love Trading Places with eddie Murphy
Joe Johnston directed great films like Jurassic Park III, Captain America: The First Avenger, and The Wolfman. Have you seen any of these?
Captain America is an exciting Action and Adventure movie.
The movie is acted by great actors. Chris Evans takes the lead alongside Hayley Atwell and Sebastian Stan.
She wrote I am Malala: The GIrl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban. It's a very riveting book.
It is. It was released in 2012.
You are very welcome!
I know he's an American singer-songwriter, but don't know much about his music. Do you like him?
Yea, Taylor Swift has some catchy tunes. What songs do you like by her?
Oh I see, would Love Story fall into that category?
Great, I can load that song for you on your playlist if you like
Same here. I don't follow basketball much, but I do know that the Bulls are one of the best teams.
They've produced some stars as well.
He is the Point Guard for the Portland Trailblazers.
He is a Filipino professional boxer. Did you also know that he is a Senator of the Phillipines?
Yes, he was rated one of the 10 Best Southpaws in boxing history.
He did run for President of Haiti in 2010.
Of course, Michael Jeter starred in Welcome to Collinwood, Waterworld and True Crime.
Do you like crime fiction?
True Crime is my favorite, you can try The Polar Express is more Adventure
Matt Reeves Wrote a directed Pallbearer. This movie starred Micheal Rapaport and Carol Kane. Have you seen it?
Pallbearer is a romantic comedy. It also starred Zak Orth and Jason Katims.
Mark Margolis, Kevin Corrigan and Greg Grunberg. Many great actors.
Zak also starred in Prime and In & Out. Both great movies.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yeah, he's from Spain and plays football.
I have although I wasn't a fan. Guilermo del Toro wrote it. Half of his stuff I like, the other half I don't.
I have, that was a cute one. I like those type of movies like Ghostbusters. The new one wasn't as good as the old one though.
The Los Angeles Lakers is coach by Mike D'Antoni and Mike Brown.
Yes, basketball is a great sport. Did you know Mike D'Antoni was a player and played the point guard position?
My favorite team is the Chicago Bulls. Michael Jordan was the best player ever.
Yes, Judge Dredd is a similar movie that I would recommend.
Alex Garland produced it.
Another great movie by Alex Garland that he directed was 28 days later.
Yes I do. The Shining was written by Stephen King and starred Shelley Duvall.
Another good book that was made into a movie is The Mist.
Yes, it was. It starred Toby Jones and Louis Herthum. It was released in 2007.
No problem! It was my pleasure!
Spain national football team is the player statistics for Andrs Iniesta
is vicente del bosque place of birth salamanca
I dont nnow about that
I believe so spain
Yes, I love all the Men In Black movies. Will Smith is one of the stars and is one of my favorites. He is also a producer and produced Lakeview Terrace.
He is a great actor. He was in the movie Ali. If you haven't seen that I highly recommend it. His acting was superb.
Welcome!
Sure Predator,The terminator
Sure there are quite of people who starred in that movie such as Boyd Holbrook, Trevante Rhodes, Jacob Tremblay, Keegan-Michael Key, Olivia Munn, Thomas Jane, Alfie Allen, and Sterling K. Brown .
Sure Shane Black directed that movie.
you're welcome
Sure, you can try The Longest Day & Kingdom of Heaven.
It was written by James Jones and Cornelius Ryan. It is also a Crime/Action film.
Yes, it stars the great Jet Li and Jason Statham.
It is another war film as well.
Not sure about the release date, is there anything else i can help you with?
No problem!
That is a great book by Jerry Spinelli. Are you looking for Young-adult fiction or Children's Literature?
You might like his book Stargirl or Milkweed.
Sure. What specifically interests you about that movie? Is it the fact that Humphrey Bogart stars in it? Or is it the fact that it's in the genre War, or is it because its a romance?
They are in the AFC South division and are coached by Gary Kubiak. Are you a Texans fan?
H was a long while back. 2002 - 2005, I believe. Before that, he coached the Carolina Panthers from 1995 - 1998. I like both teams pretty equally. Have you ever attended a Jaguars game in person?
I'll watch them sometimes when they have a game on but I'm more of a Bengals fan because of where I live. I just wish they would have a really good year sometime.
Isn't that the movie that Tom Hanks stars in?
I saw that one. Nona Gaye was great in it!
I have not seen that yet. But, I heard LeVar Burton was great in it. I think I'll watch that one now.
Beautiful Disaster is written by Jamie McGuire. Jamie McGuire also wrote Providence and Beautiful Sacrifice!
i believe it's the same genre. Providence was released 2010.
Black Swan starred Winona Ryder who also was in Heathers that you may like.
I can tell you that Shannen Doherty and Phil Lewis were stars in that one.
You are correct about that!
Okay, goodbye for now.
Sure. The Other Boleyn Girl was written by Philippa Gregory so I would recommend The Queen's Fool or The Kingmaker's Daughter.
The Queen's Fool is a novel. Do you like novels?
Yes just like The Other Boleyn Girl.
It was released in 2003.
Definitely! Adam McKay wrote The Other Guys, Step Brothers and Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby.
Yes they were! Would you like recommendations about other movies with Tracy Morgan?
Rosie Perez is a wonderful actress! What genre would you like to hear about?
Sorry, I don't have any at this time. Is there something more specific you're looking for?
He is! That is a great comedy movie.
She wrote Tuck Everlasting. It's a romance novel. Do you like that genre?
She wrote The Search for Delicious, which sounds interesting.
You are very welcome!
Yes I do. Have you ever been to Candlestick Park?
Yes it was. It really stinks they lost Super Bowl XLVII. Did you watch that game?
I watch it for the commercials as well. Yes they did. We will see about that. Jim Harbaugh is doing great as the current head coach.
Jean M. Auel wrote The Valley of Horses, which is historical fiction. Do you like this genre?
You can check out The Clan of the Cave Bear, in the same series. Have you read it?
Yes! It's a children's book in the prehistoric fiction genre.
Sure, she wrote Como agua para chocolate. Are you familiar with it?
Yes, Como agua para chocolate came out in 1989, the same years Pillars of the Earth was released.
I hope you enjoy it.
I think so, is he the football player?
That was a great movie! I think Hayden Panettiere was also in it, and of course, Denzel Washington. Who doesn't love Denzel!
I haven't seen that one-have you?
Have you read any of the follow-up books in the series?
A Wind in the Door is next in the series, followed by A Swiftly Tilting Planet, Many Waters, and An Acceptable Time. The 5 books are known as the Time Quintet.
They're okay. Waiting for the End is a good song. Do you like them?
Doesn't Mike Shinoda play drums, bass guitar, and produce their records? I have to respect such a multitalented person.
Van Morrison plays pretty much all the instruments, saxophone, piano, harmonica, guitar. He definitely has range!
I did not know that! I did hear he was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, though. It was well deserved.
YEs, she wrote Graceling, Fire &Bitter blue, have you heard any of these?
Graceling is a romantic novel. Do you like romantic novels?
The Emperor's Children, The Choice and the Blue castle, House of Leaves. Have you read any ?
Claire Messud is the author, and wrote many other books too
you are most welcome
Sure, MIchael Biehn started in plenty of actions movies, like Tombstone and The Terminator.
That was written by Dean DeBlois and Cressida Cowell.
He also wrote Lilo & Stitch that starred Rodger Bumpass - did you see it?
I see he directed the original How to Train Your Dragon, should I look for more?
Are you looking for more adventure type movies?
Not family? If yes then maybe something else from DreamWorks....
You're welcome
Sure! He wrote The World's End, Hot Fuzz, and Scott Pilgrim vs. the World.
Steve Coogan, Bill Bailey, Simon Pegg, and Stuart Wilson starred in Hot Fuzz.
Great! Would you like to watch Hot Fuzz?
OK, here it is. I hope you enjoy it!
No. Actually, it released on April 20, 2007.
You're quite welcome!
Le Samourai & Thief are similar movies
It stars James Caan, Tuesday Weld, Robert Prosky ,Willie Nelson
Silican Vampire, The Good Neighbour, The Red Maple Leaf are some of his other movies
Yes. Michael Curtiz directed Casablanca and The Egyptian
The Egyptian stars Jean Simmons and Gene Tierney
The drama was released in 1954.
Sure, do you like crime dramas?
If you enjoy movies like You Kill Me you should check out Wicker Park and The Darkest Hour. Those are both thrillers.
John Spaihts & Leslie Bohem were the writers for The Darkest Hour.
Sounds good!
Isn't he a pro footballer from Brazil?
I think Éric Abidal and ngel Di Mara are pretty strong midfielders as well.
Yes, great football team from France. I don't follow their type of football too much tho.
Tony Tanner wrote Mansfield Park. It is one of the classics.
I believe they both did. Jane Austen and Tony Tanner are well known in literature.
I really do love a good Fiction story. Another favorite is Tinkers and Time and Again. Have you read either?
They are great reads. Enjoy!
Sure do! He is indeed a Cricket player, born in Chennai, India.
Not usually, but my wife follows Isaiah Thomas.
Yeah, she likes to follow players from her hometown of Tacoma, WA. I think he's a Point Guard.
I sure can! He directed The Others, have you seen it?
It was released in 1992, and is under the genre drama.
It sure is, would you like me to purchase it for you?
You got it! White Noise is similar and something you might enjoy.
Yes, for example, Herman Mellville and Tom Quirk co-wrote this book. Could I get anything else for you?
Yes, and he also wrote, Barleby, the Scrivner:A Story of Wall Street.
I cannot find information on that
From the Brazilian National Football Team? Can't say I know much. Is there some news about him?
Tell me what sport and that might jog my memory.
Interesting. For what team?
It depends, as it was written by three people. Would you like me to tell you its genre?
Well, I can tell you that its a romantic genre written by Jane Austen. Did you know that Sense and Sensibility was also written by her?
Yeah, it was directed by Ang Lee.
Your welcome
Sure, Jon Turteltaub directed National Treasure. Have you watched it?
Yes, Jon Turteltaub directed Stay, The Meg and Rush Hour. Have you see them?
Got it, The movies are added to your watch list. The released date is October 21, 2005
He directed a Thriller called The Mist. Do you like thriller and mystery movies?
Yes, you're right. He also wrote The Green Mile that became a movie that Darabont produced. It's a very good mystery with Tom Hanks.
Then you would enjoy another one of their collaborations, The Shawshank Redemption. I highly recommend it.
Sure, it was released in 2001 and written by a Spanish author, Carlos Ruiz Zafon
Yes, there's an English version too
Yes, it's a Mystery/Thriller
No problem!
She's written a few things including The Wonder, Slammerkin, Room and Frog Music. Are you familiar with them?
The Wonder was in 2016, the same year that You Will Know Me and When I'm Gone, I'm Gone were released.
I'm not sure. However, Samantha Who is a Sitcom you might be interested in instead of reading.
You are welcome.
That movie stars the wonderful Hugh Jackman and is a thriller.
It was written by three authors. They were Frank Miller, Christopher McQuarrie and Chris Claremont.
He wrote The Spirit, RoboCop 3 and The Lathe of Heaven. Are you familiar with them?
You're very welcome!
Lewis Hamilton starred in Cars 2. Did you see that movie?
That's right Owen Wilson was also in Wedding Crashers.
Wedding Crashers is really funny, it's hard to choose.
Correct, Michael Caine also starred in Cars 2
This movie stars Salma Hayek
Yes, I heard it is a good movie
The drama is romance
Your welcome
The One has a genre of Thriller and Sci-Fi. Is that what you are looking for?
Well there's Without Remorse,Without Fail and Winx Club
i'm not sure on that right now .But some more Thrillers are We Need to Talk About Kevin and Wanted,
You might like Lucky You. Its a comedy staring Robert Duvall.
Are you looking for a thriller in general or by Curtis Hanson?
If you are looking for something more recent you might check out Get Out. I hope that helps.
That would be Daniel Kaluuya. Any other questions?
anytime
It is written by Greg Mortenson correct it is a memoir/autobiography
I am not familiar with other works by him, but if you like memoir you will like Tuesdays with Morrie or The Glass Castle.
It is by Sauluis Dagys and Mitch Albom.
You may also check out Two Years Before the Mast.
The next book in this series is A Clash of Kings. I highly recommend it.
You might want to read his book The Hedge Knight or Fevre Dream.
It is a Vampire Novel set in Mississippi. Do you like George R.R. Martin's work?
You are most welcome.
Yes. I'd be glad to help you with that.The Chronicles of Narnia is a family genre genre that interests you
Sure, The BFG By Roald Dahl is a similar choice and has great reviews.
Awesome. I'm glad I could help you out.
Well, it looks like he starred in the film, I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With. Have you heard of this movie?
I believe both Roger Bart, and Sarah Silverman acted in this movie
Well, if your interested in her, you'd have to come back, after my system has refreshed, for me to give you proper feedback on her
The same author also wrote Unravel Me and Destroy Me.
They are all from the same series. It's a young adult dystopian thriller series.
You're welcome! Enjoy it!
She also wrote Sharp Objects and Gone Girl, have you seen Either?
In 2014, The Razor's Edge is also a good one to check out.
The Way of the Gun
Nicky Katt was one of them.
The Brave One, Secondhand Lions...
Maggie Stiefvater writes Young Adult and Fantasy novels, such as The Scorpio Races. Do you like those genres?
It is a fantasy novel about a yearly race, The Scorpio Race, where riders attempt to keep hold of their water horses long enough to make it to the finish line. Some riders live but others will die
Her most recent book is called The Raven King, which is also a fantasy novel.
Glad to have helped with book suggestions, enjoy!
He wrote We the Living, The Fountainhead and Atlas Shrugged. The Fountainhead was made into a movie.
We the Living is Historical fiction, like The Weight of Water.
You are so welcome!
Flight Clumb is written by Jim Uhis
Yes,Do you need any other information?
Yes,He wrote Alone
Not too closely but I am in awe of Venus and Serena Williams with their skill and strength.
No, I didn't. That's really interesting. I didn't know Serena had a fashion line.I'm intrigued by Megan Markle.
I love Diana's boys. They had such a legacy to up to and despite maybe a few slips have done well. I don't think either of them would have picked a partner that wasn't grounded as their Diana strived to do with her boys.
Yes He wrote Clockwork Orange
Im not sure, He also qwrote the improbable Adventures of Sherlock Holmes
Surething!
Yes I have The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner and the Breaking Dawn.
Stephenie Meyers wrote the Host, The Chemist, and Midnight Sun just to name a few.
I have heard of him, I know he plays basketball. But I don't follow it too much, how about yourself ?
I don't follow too much for sports, but when I do get a chance to watch any. I prefer college football. What about yourself ?
I never got into soccer too much but my best friend from highschool went on to play soccer for a college in Wisconson. I do follow college football, at least with score updates via my phone.
I don't know much about Alexis Sánchez then he is Chilean professional footballer.
I like basketball games more then soccer.
Sure! Are you into postmodern literature?
The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas is fiction. Have you read that one?
It's a children's literature actually. I can recommend other fiction books like The Awakening if you're not into children's literature.
I'm not his biggest fan but I could tell you a little about him. Would you like to know anyhting?
He has won the Grammy award for song of the year for the song Out Loud. Would you like to know more of his songs?
Ed Sheeran has sung many duets including Perfect with Beyonce.
He wrote These Happy Golden Years. It was a pretty good read.
I'm unsure of other works of his. But, it was a Western, similar to Old Yeller.
I can't remember the names of the actors, as I saw it as a child too. But, I know 1956 was the same year Till We Have Faces was released. You should check it out!
Sure, enjoy!
I believe he won the 2012 PGA Championship.
I am not sure. I do know he has been seen with Caroline Wozniacki.
I wonder if Caroline is the mom of Gerry?
Yes they are. A team that plays in California near me
Yes, they're an excellent team. they've got some very big players right now
I don't really know much! My interest is the Lakers
I don't really follow cricket much but I saw him play once on TV and thought he was really good! Isn't he from India?
Hmmm, I'm not sure. I just remember him from the game I watched. I do know that he made his debut for Delhi in 2004. He has been around for quite a while. Do you watch a lot of cricket?
He's about to turn 33 on December 5. He started training at the age of 12 under coach Tarak Sinha, who has trained 12 international cricket players!
Yes, I do. Sharp Objects is written by Gillian Flynn. Definitely a great read!
You are right. What Do You Do? was released in 2014.
Yes, Dark Places, Gone Girl, and Widows. Have you heard of these movies?
Yes I do. She wrote great books like Rebecca, My Cousin Rachel and Jamaica Inn. Have you heard of them?
True. Rebecca is also written by Sally Beauman.
She was in Matrix and Matrix Reloaded, a thriller.
Keanu Reeves was in The Ultimate Matrix Collection, and also The Watcher.
You're welcome!
Yeah, he is a pretty solid Quarterback. American Football is one of the few sports I pay attention to.
He plays for the Seattle Seahawks, and I believe he's been there for his entire career.
Not really, I am a Pittsburgh fan since I grew up in that region. The two teams rarely play each other, so don't see the Seahawks play much unless it's in the playoffs.
I have no idea but it is written by I Am Number Four is written by Pittacus Lore, and there isits movie also
movie I Am Number Four is a young adult science fiction
Dianna Agron and and Alex Pettyfer are in there
127 Hours was adapted from Between a Rock and a Hard Place.
Honestly, I don't watch a enough basketball to have an opinion. I know he's a point guard. But that ends my knowledge of him really.
Yes, I do follow tennis a little bit more. She came from Compton and definitely has made a name for herself.
Actually I didn't know that!
I can say that he starred in the movie The Three Musketeers. Did you know he also starred in The Legend of Tarzan?
I can tell you that Christoper Waltz acted in this movie
I believe it may be Andrew Davies
He wrote both Eragon and Inheritance Cycle
In 2002...the same year the mystery Without Fail released. Do you like mysteries?
I don't have that information, but Without Fail was written by Jonathan Kellerman.
you got it!
Cao Chi wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes
A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes is an english non fiction that was released 1987
You are very welcome, please enjoy
He did a great job with Wishin and Hopin a Christmas story and We are Water, both great books. Have you heard of them.
It is a drama comedy released in 2009 and is also a movie
Molly Ringwald and Chevy Chase are a couple. Great movie and I recommend it this time of year
I do but have not really followed them since Michael Jordan played for them. Do you like them?
I like the Timberwolves too but have not watched much of them since Kevin Garrett played for them. Baseball I like but it is not the season for it and have been watching a lot of football lately, you like those sports?
Right. I like the twins and the cubs but neither got the chance this year. Waiting to see the Football Playoffs right now, Who do you like?
The Bears but it will be tough for them against the Rams this years.
I think they are a good football team. Thanks to their coach Mike Zimmer. How about you?
Well, Tony Curtis, Terrell Owens, and Tony Romo play for the team. Have you heard any of them?
Awesome! I'll watch the reply then.
Of course, i'm assuming you like the author Stieg Larsson?
Flickan som lekte med elden and Luftslottet som sprängdes are two other pieces he wrote if you're interested
Thriller seems to be the genre.
Det som inte dödar oss is another. They're all written in English as well, I know the titles may be a bit deceiving about that.
He is also a journalist and was influenced by Val McDermind
Welcome.
Yes, he is a tennis player and starred in The Expendables 2.
Sylvester Stallone was also in the movie.
Scott Glenn starred in W. and Vertical Limit. You might also want to check him out in Urban Cowboy, it is very entertaining.
Yes, I know the team is coached by Jason Kidd and was the runner up for the 2003 NBA Finals
Yes he is married to Beyonce and has 3 children
Oh okay thats good to know. Do you listen to his music?
He wrote a historical novel called Thirteen Moons and a war film called Cold Mountain.
Thriteen moons was released in 2006.
Hmm... I don't see that listed but i do have Body Movers.
It's in English.
you're welcome.
Yes he has written books in the Spanish and Catalan language
Sure Marina and La sombra del viento
Marina was released in 1999
Sure it was released in 2001
You are welcome
Yes I do know who Philip Seymour Hoffman is, he starred in Jack Goes Boating.
Yes it is, his love interest was Amy Ryan.
i love them steve kerr is a great coach. what about you?
right. Stephon Marbury is also a great player dont you agree?
right. Wilt Chamberlain is also one of the greatest of all time am i right?
thanks i also like Wayman Tisdale how about you"?
thats great. what do you think about Vince Carter?
hes good. thats all for today have a good one
It's written by J.D. Salinger, and was released in 1951.
It's in the genres of First-person narrative and literary realism.
The Crucible is a tragedy. Would you like me to recommend more tragedy movies?
The Return of the Native and The Fall of the House of Usher are tragedies. Do either of these movies interest you?
Would you prefer films that he acted in, directed, or produced? He is a jack of all trades,
One of the most famous films he starred in was Armageddon, starring Owen Wilson. He also starred in Mystery Men and Coyote Ugly.
I am currently unable to to find that information for you, but I would be happy to tell you a little more about Owen Wilson. He starred in The Royal Tenenbaums,
If you like Todd Phillip Comedies, May I suggest Road Trip, Old School or The Hangover part II?
Have you seen School for Scoundrels yet?
Jon Heder and Billy Bob Thornton to name a few.
My Pleasure!
Jean-Pierre jeunet Wrote Micmacs
Sure, Fernando Meirelles directed City of God and Blindness.
Sue Jorge and Alice Braga starred in City of God. Alice Braga also starred in I Am Legend. Have you seen that movie?
I don't know. City of God was released in 2002 that is the same year Undisputed was released.
You are welcome.
Would you like another story written by Douglas Adams?
The Restaurant at the End of the Universe is Speculative fiction also written by Douglas Adams
That was actually written by Lauren Groff, not Douglas Adams
Okay! Sending it to your screen now
Go Ask Alice, which was released in 1971, is her most famous book.
Yes, I believe that is the one. Would you like me to add it to your reading list?
No, Not from her but might I suggest The Complete Stories by Flannery O'Connor?
Yes i do he is an actor who starred in Wild Card and the War.
It is a thriller genre which starred Jason Alexander as well
At the moment all i have in mind is The Usual Suspect.
He starred in Anger management
Whos harry crumbs
Tim Thomerson
not a problem
I don't know much about him expect he's a quarterback and he has a sibling Cecil Newton. Do you like him?
He's on the Panthers. Do you like Remember the Titans which is a football movie?
Yes, it's a great movie. It stars Denzel Washington and I think he's wonderful in it
Of course, The Great Silence, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, and Machine Gun McCain are a few that he is in.
Not that I am aware of. The Great Silence is a western if you like those.
Not that I see with luigi in them. Would you like other romantic comedy suggestions without him?
Okay, Welcome!
Oh, that's a great heart-warming animated film.
It stars the voice talents of ED Asner, John Ratzenberger and Delroy Lindo.
Yes, he was. He actually has a part in every single Pixar film.
I know she is a Belarusian Tennis player. What do you know about her?
Wow, that's impressive. It seems like it would be extremely challenging to become that great at a sport like Tennis. Do you follow Tennis?
I do not know him. I also do not follow Tennis, personally. I've never really had an interest in sports. Do you have a favorite sport?
The only Kesha I know is Obama's daughter. Or are you talking about Kesha the musician and singer?
My all time favorite is Stevie Wonder and MJ and of course I like Whitney Houston. Is Kesha a good musician?
Sometimes it is quite a mysterious way they die and nobody probes into it like Marilyn Manro
Do you like Memoir Books or Fiction genre?
I believe you will like "My Friend Leonard".
It was released in 2005. I would also suggest "Two Years Before the Mast".
You're Welcome. Enjoy
How about Wicked, White Hot Kiss or Wait for You?
The book was released in 2008 and the play was 2014.
Will do!
Similar movies include The Avengers and Iron Man
The genre is Science Fiction
Doctor Strange and Captain America are some good science fiction films.
Benedict Cumberbatch and Rachel McAdams are in the film
Your welcome
I think he is a great basketball player. do you know who his wife is?
Sure, it was written by Randall Wallac and starred Mhairi Calvey
Yes you're right, the movies has genre War Film.
Not sure he did, The Man in the Iron Mask was directed by James Whale.
Great, let me know if you need more recommendation.
I know he directed Open Season and The Lion King. I love the Lion King! What's your favorite of his films?
Of course! Jonathan Taylor Thomas was young Simba. Jeremy Irons was Scar. Nathan Lane was Timon. And James Earl Jones was Mufasa. Do you like other Disney movies?
My information says that he wrote Aladdin, but I don't know if he directed it. Do you like that film?
Oh that sounds nice! Enjoy your evening!
Sure, Jhumpa Lahiri wrote Unaccustomed Earth and The Namesake. Have you read them?
Yes, The Namesake (2003) is the first novel by American author Jhumpa Lahiri. It was originally a novel published in The New Yorker and was later expanded to a full-length novel. It explores many of the same emotional and cultural themes as her Pulitzer Prize-winning short story collection Interpreter of Maladies. Moving between events in Calcutta, Boston, and New York City, the novel examines the nuances involved with being caught between two conflicting cultures with highly distinct religious, social, and ideological differences.
No problem, Unaccustomed Earth is a collection of short stories from Pulitzer Prize winning author Jhumpa Lahiri. This is her second collection of stories, the first being the Pulitzer-winning Interpreter of Maladies.
I would recommend the first one The Namesake.
You are welcome! Have a great weekend!
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Hunger Games and in a moved called "Cirque Du Freak: The Vampire's Assistant", you might like it.
It was directed by Paul Weitz and Patrick Fugit co-stars in the movie.
Yes, she was. Did you see her in Frida written by Gregory Nava?
Of course. I hope you enjoy them.
No, I am not but I've heard that he is a Singer-songwriter too.
Not sure but his record label is Sony BMG.
He was born in Pretoria, you should visit this place.
From what I can tell he did write the movie The Next Three Days.
It's a Thriller, from what I can tell
Yeah, Russell Crowe for one starred in it, as well as Liam Neeson
Glad I could help
Yes and if youre interested in movies similar to that, i recommend Spud or Dredd which stars Jason Cope!
J.D. Salinger is famous for writing The Catcher in the Rye. He also wrote Nine Stories.
The Catcher in the Rye is considered literary realism. Nine stories is a collection of short stories.
I think they did better under the direction of Gary Kubiak but they definitely have a strong player with J. J. Watt!
That's right! He was a great linebacker!
He was a good one, he played for the Packers, right? I heard he's coaching High School football now!
Mike Sherman used to coach for the Packers, right?
Certainly! It stars Seth Green and Mark Wahlberg. Are you familiar with either?
My personal favorite would be S.W.A.T. Contraband is also very good and stars Wahlberg as well. Do those sound like something you may like?
No problem! You might also want to watch Three Kings starring Wahlberg. It is a classic.
Srue, she wrote The Time Traveler's Wife or Her Fearful Symmetry.
The Time Traveler's Wife is genre mystery. Do you lilke mystery movies?
So Audrey Niffenegger might be the right choice for you! Anything else I can do for you?
Thanks and Have a good night!
bts is a singer. have you heard of them before?
I never knew that it stands for but similar artists are Rihanna and pink. Do you like them?
I never of but clash but I listen to Linkin Park sometimes.
yea me either some of there songs are ok but i like Maroon 5 better.
The Magicians and The Magician's Land are two books by him.
They are both high fantasy books, do you like that genre?
The Way of Kings is another one you may enjoy.
I believe they're a pretty good team. Not one of my favorites. John Fox coaches them and he's good.
I believe they're playing the Bengals.
I believe you're right about that. Pretty evenly matched teams.
Oh, the author's name is Jamie Ford. He also wrote Songs of Willow Frost.
It was released in 2013 which happens to be the same year that Z: A Novel of Zelda Fitzgerald was released.
Glad to help you out!
Sure. It's a miniseries written by Colleen McCullough. If you are into drama then this one is for you.
Aside from Thorn Birds, she wrote The First Man in Rome. Have you seen that?
Sure, Do you like Fantasy books?
Have you read The Golden Compass? It is a Fantasy book.
Of course. . The Golden Compass was written by Chris Weitz and is also a movie starring Christopher Lee.
Another good book that is genre Fantasy is The Looking Glass Wars, have you read this one yet?
Did you like the book because it is also genre Children's literature?
Are you referring to the book or the movie?
Other books in the Speculative fiction genre are: Ubik, The Summer Tree, and The Sea of Trolls.
It is Book 1 of a trilogy written by Nancy Farmer.
It is something else to be sure. It's got a triple genre of Action, Comedy, and Romance.
That one I have not. I do know, however, that it's written by Steven Knight.
In The Dark Knight Rises, yes. He played an excellent part.
Yes, The Dark Knight Rises
It was written by Bob Kane
Not much, i do know that they're genre is pop music but im not sure what songs they have
I like so many different types of music! boy bands though aren't my favorite. Right now I really like Zele
Yes, writes all his music. very soulful
He directed the Cabin in the Woods. He also produced Lost.
The Cabin in the Woods is the only one of his movies that I know of. It was released in 2012.
The author Paulo Coelho also wrote the book Brida
Brida was released in 1990 and was originally written in Portuguese.
You could try O Zahir and O Monte Cinco also written by Paulo Coelho.
Glad I could assist!
Maybe you can try Twilight.
Yes it is. Starring Ashley Greene, Cam Gigandet and Kellan Lutz.
She has appeared in the Urge and Apparition.
So will I . Thanks
Excellent choice! He wrote Pan's Labyrinth and Don't Be Afraid of the Dark. He always creates an amazing atmosphere in his movies. Care to watch it?
Well, You are correct. But it is ultimately about war and escape from it;s horrors in ones imagination. I am not sure abouth Blade II though. I can check it for you.
Great example of War genre, directed by Angelina Jolie and released in 2015. Still interested?
Glad you liked it. Enjoy!
yes, it was written about Laura Wilder and released in 1935. Did you know they made a tv series out of the book?
The subject is regarding a family and it is a classic.
Little Bear was written by Maurice Sendak she produced Where the Wild Things are, I would recommend that as well.
Oliver Stone wrote Born on the Fourth of July, which is a very well reviewed movie.
He directed Born on the Fourth of July, and also wrote Savages.
Born on the Fourth of July stars Tom Cruise and was released in 1989, Savages was released in 2012.
Sure! She wrote Dreams of Gods & Monsters, as well as My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories. Do you enjoy the author, or a specific genre she writes in?
Yes, actually! It was also written by Rainbow Rowell. Would you like to hear more about that author, or more about the book?
Of course! It was released in 2014, and is in the young adult fiction genre.
Happy to help? Would you like more recommendations?
Yeah, she wrote lyrics to Speechless and Marry the Night and those are cool.
I think one may be Rolling in the Deep. Do you know that one?
Oh, thanks for the correction!
I'm not sure about her latest album, but my favorite was Stronger
It was. I know the record label was sony music entertainment. I wonder what else they were in charge of?
its one of those narnia books right
yeah it is one of the books in series. The author for this series is C.S Lewis
Do you like adventure films?
Les Trois Mousquetaires was a silent adventure film. Where the Wild Things Are and Wanted are two other adventure films that you may enjoy.
Where the Wild Things are was written by Spike Jonze, Maurice Sendak, and Dave Eggers.
I do not think so, but he did star in the film, The Game.
No problem, I am very glad to help.
Michael Berryman starred in Weird Science and The Hills Have Eyes Part II
Robert Downey Jr. was also In Weird Science, and he starred in Two Girls and a Guy
It is a romantic comedy similar to You, Me and Dupree, or Zack and Miri Make a Porno
You are so welcome. Please let me know if you need anything else.
Sure! Yes Please was released in 2014. That same year, The King was released.
Milo Addica wrote The King with James Marsh. It was turned into an Indie drama movie.
James Marsh directed it, and Milo Addica produced it. James Marsh is also a cameraman.
You are so welcome! Glad I could help!
Yes, of course. He wrote Toy Story 3 which is a great family movie and part of the Toy Story fanchise.
It was written in collaboration with several others including Pete Docter, John Lasster and Ash Brannon.
He directed other great family movies like Up and Monsters Inc.Are you a fan of the animation films?
It falls into several genres; Drama, Comedy-Drama and Family.
Ed Asner was the feature character in that movie. It's one of my favorite stories.
He was also in JFK and was excellent in that film.
You're very welcome.
Martin Campbell starred in Golden Eye, Casino Royale and directed The Mask of Zorro
I strongly recommend this movie. Do you want to see it ?
In The Edge is starring Harold Perrineau and Anthony Hopkins
Thant is correct
Sure! It was written by Mel Gibson. Do you like his work?
You should check out The Passion of the Christ!
It's an historical period drama.
Enjoy!
Sure, Quentin Tarantino starred in Grindhouse and Death Proof
Grindhouse is starring Rose McGowan
I love that movie . Death Proof is starring Rose McGowan, Marley Shelton and Kurt Russell.
The Mist is by Stephen King. Young Sherlock Holmes is a suspense film as well.
Absolutely! The Shining, The Shawshank Redemption, and The Green Mile are great films.
Great! Enjoy!
I like that he plays guitar, and I think he won an MTV award for best male video
I had no idea he was also an actor.
Thats wonderful. Thank you
I love superheroes! If you like them too, you might try Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice. It came out in 2016.
It's true. And of course, the best thing about this film is that Wonder Woman is also in it! Do you like her?
I haven't seen that one, but if you like films in the action genre, I'd also suggest X-Men: Apocalypse.
The original X-Men film and the Wolverine film were actually my favorites.
I do! IT was written by Christina Baker Kline and released in 2013.
I'm sorry, I don't have anymore information about Christina Baker Kline.
Sure. Orphan Train was released in 2013 and so was The White Princess. You may enjoy that one.
Yes, there's also Z: A Novel of Zelda Fitzgerald. I've read that one and it's very good.
You're welcome!
That was written by Guillermo Arriaga and Alejandro González Iárritu.
He does! That is a western mystery. Have you seen it?
Levon Helm and Dwight Yoakam are both in that. It was released in 2005.
You're very welcome!
I love them! Some of his best works are Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and Through the Looking Glass. Have you read them?
I did not know that! Wow, I really enjoyed Shadow & Claw and The Shadow of the Torturer by Mr. Wolfe. Have you read those?
I did not know anyone else enjoyed his work as much as I did! I have to say Shadow & Claw was my favorite, and yours?
That sounds fantastic! I hope you enjoy it as much as the first time, if not more!
Yes, that was an adrenaline rush! The Expendables 2 is in the genre Adventure Film, but is also considered an action film and a thriller. Which of these most interest you?
War of the Worlds was a book before it was made into a film, written by H.G, Wells. He also wrote The Time Machine, which is an exciting time travel adventure story.
Yes it was! In 1960, then a more updated movie was made in 2002. Its really pretty cool.
You're very welcome! Have a great day
Of course! Some movies like Finding Nemo are Toy Story, Monsters, Inc., and WALL-E.
Yes they were. Other movies released by Walt Disney are Treasure Planet and The Shaggy Dog.
I'm glad I was able to help. Anything else I can do for you?
I love A Midsummer's Night's Dream. Generally, anything written by William Shakespeare is incredible.
Yes, written by William Shakespeare and a few other writers, this fantasy is one for the ages. Did you know it was written in 1595?
I recommend The Tragedy of Macbeth. I feel it is one of his strongest pieces of literary excellence.
Try The Taming of the Shrew. Not everyone likes this writing but those who do thing it is a superior work of his.
I don't care for that one as much as some of the others in all honesty. It is worth reading once, however.
You are quite welcome!
The Hunger Games is a series of books. The second in this series is Catching Fire.
They are classified in several genres including: speculative fiction, science fiction, alternate history and adventure fiction.
By this author or any author?
By Suzanne Collins there is the Gregor the Overlander series.Also Parent Genre is an excellent book in this genre.
Are you a fan of the author Ally Condie, or other young adult fiction?
You might also enjoy Wildwood Dancing or Wicked Lovely, which are similar to her works.
Sure it fits into the young adult fiction genre.
Ok I'll add it to your reading list. You're welcome.
Absolutely. The Godfather was written by Mario Puzo and he also wrote the Godfather Part II and The Cotton Club.
The Cotton Club stars Nicolas Cage and Sofia Coppola. It is a historical drama film directed by Francis Ford Coppola and was released in 1984.
I don't have any more recommendations related to Sofia Coppola but I have other films similar to Lost in Translation that have genre comedy and drama.
I have the Zero Effect, Zambezia, and Youth in Revolt.
I loved The Dark Knight. It was written by Jonathan Nolan and starred Morgan Freeman, Ritchie Coster and Nicky Katt.
Me too! Morgan Freeman starred in many movies like The Long Way home, and Invictus.
David Paymer and Miriam Margolyes also starred in the 1997 film.
Great Alien is staring Yaphet Kotto would you like to know anything else
Horror it is scary
Another horror would be Childs Play its also si fi
do you have any more requests
no problem
Do you crime fiction?
Wolf Creek and Without are both crime fiction films.
You're welcome
Sure In the time of war, God's people, The people with no name
Yes he wrote The Great Gatsby ( award winning ) and he also wrote Romeo Juliet, both are great love stories too. Do you like Romance Genre?
Yes and it was produced & directed by Baz Luhrmann too.
The ever famous Leonardo Di caprio. Do you like him?
He also starred in Romeo+Juliet, The Revenent and Titanic. Did you watched any of these?
Welcome. Hope you enjoy!
The only thing I know about him is that evreything was written in another language that i have never been able to read!
I believe he may have written the Book of Morman but I don't know what genre that is
Sorry I couldn't provide more info!
Sure, it is a fiction written by Suzanne Collins. Are you looking for similar books?
Yes, she wrote Gregor the Overlander and Mockingjay
Sure, welcome
Yes, you might like The Last Summer (of You and Me) or Sisterhood Everlasting.
The most recent book I have was released in 2007. It was titled Forever in Blue: The Fourth Summer of the Sisterhood.
sure thing
I really love her, and her music! She's been under a lot of heat lately about her two recent boyfriends but I definitely stand by her. Did you know she is friends with Taylor Swift and Miley Cyrus?
I think I may have heard that, too! She is definitely very talented. I know she is an actress too, I've seen her in the movie Valentine's Day.
Paul McCartney is wonderful, I definitely couldn't agree more! Although there was a lot of controversy in his life, I also think Michael Jackson was an extremely talented Singer-Songwriter.
She starred in the film Harvest of Fire.
yes, that is correct.
The Fault in Our Stars, Autumn in New York
yes, both of them.
Sure, Ben Stiller wrote and starred in Zoolander. It is a comedy film, have you heard of it?
Yes, Did you know John Hamburg wrote and starred in Safe Men, another comedy film?
John Pais, Michael Lerner and Harvey Fierstein are just a few.
I think he's a basketball point guard. Do you like him?
Space Jam was an excellent movie! Michael Jordan was in it, and he's on of my all time favorite players. I also think Bill Murray can do no wrong. What do you think of him?
Yes! He and Harold Ramis made a great team!
I like them, but I'm more interested in Manchester City F.C.
Sure! Peyton Reed directed Bring It On. Have you seen that one? It's starring Kirsten Dunst.
It's a great movie. Anne Fletcher stars in that as well as Riley Smith.
No, not this one. Jessica Bendinger wrote Bring It On.
S.E. Hinton wrote The Outsiders
Yes. The Lego Movie stars Will Ferrell and Morgan Freeman.
Will Ferrell did star in the slapstick comedy Step Brothers.
Will Ferrell also Played in Talladega Nights, which is hilarious
My pleasure. Please let me know if there is anything else I can do
He is a great European football player. He plays forward and midfielder. Are you a fan of the sport?
He plays in the German league and also for another team. I believe it is Bayern Munich, but am not certain.
I do follow European football. I played the American version, soccer, so I enjoy the sport. What sports do you like?
Renny Harlin is both and an Actor and director. He has starred in Cutthroat Island and Directed The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Rex Linn, Matthew Modine and Christopher Masterson to name a few.
It has a Genre of Adventure and Comedy.
Absolutely, Enjoy!
Robin Buss wrote the play, Therese Raquin. Have you seen it?
I am not sure what the genre is for that, but are you interested in non-fiction? If so, Think and Grow Rich is a great Business and Economics book.
Yes it was. He was a writer, teacher, lawyer, journalist, and author.
You may also want to try The Yellow Wallpaper or A Spot of Bother.
Persuasion was also written by Jane Austin
Classics, yes
I do not care for football but I do know of this team. Isn't it owned by Jerry Jones and coached by Jason Garrett?
I don't too much care for any sports. Who do you think will win the super bowl?
I hope someone other than the Patriots win.
Do you like it because it's a Romance or because it stars Dicaprio?
You may like Beautiful Creatures. It's a romance.
How about the Zookeeper and Her? I liked both of those.
Eden Hazard is a midfielder from Belgium
Yes they do. Everytime I hear German, I think of True Lies starring Arnold Schwarzenegger
True Lies is written by James Cameron, who also directed Titanic and Avatar 2
I'll try! It was written by R.J. Palacio, do you want to know about other books by him?
The Julian chapter is another one of his works, it came out in 2012.
It is a young-adult fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Glad I could help.
World War X is similiar fantasy-action have you heard of that one?
Brad Pitt made several- Money Ball. Killing them Softly and the Iron Giant with Jennifer Aniston
Glad I could assist!
Wild Cards, Rules of Attraction and Return to Paradise are just a few great books from this wonderous author. Have you heard of them?
Somewhere around 2013 I think. Wild Cards is a great book as well, I highly recommend it if you like her.
Absolutely
Harry Potter was writen by J.K. Rowling and "the Goblet of Fire" was the third one.
Have you read all the series of Harry Potter? if you didn't, I would suggest "The Prisoner of Azkaben"
You're Welcome. enjoy
He is a great soccer player, plays for german national team
Also played for Spanish Club Real Madrid. Leroy Sane also plays in German National Team alsong with Toni Kroos
Cristiano Ronaldo also plays for Spanish Club Real Madrid.
Sure! Colin Trevorrow wrote and directed the movie Safety Not Guaranteed starring Jeff Garlin and Lynn Shelton its a Action movie. HAve you seen it?
Of course! Do you like Goodfellas because it is written by Martin Scorsese or because it has the genre Thriller?
Okay, well another one you might enjoy is Mean Streets.
That's right! Mean Streets is a 1973 movie starring Robert De Niro and Martin Scorsese.
Enjoy!
Stephanie Perkins wrote My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories. What you think about this one?
Yes I can. My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories was released in 2014.
Yes. My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories was also written by David Levithan
David Levithan wrote Will Grayson, Will Grayson.
John Green also wrote An Abundance of Katherines, which I highly recommend.
You're welcome and enjoy!
Cecelia Ahem wrote The Gift and The Book of Tomorrow. Both are excellent books.
Yes, A Clockwork Orange is written by Stanley Kubrick.
I don't the storyline, but the story is a United Kingdom and science fiction book.
He also wrote Eyes Wide Shut.
It is a drama and mystery book.
Would like any other movie suggestions?
I don't have any romance title suggestions on hand. A Clockwork Orange also written by Stanley Kubrick is a drama.
I'm not really into football, but I do follow the Buffalo Bills a little.
I really enjoy hockey, especially the Buffalo Sabres and the New York Rangers.
I can skate, but I've never played hockey.
What is the name of the arena that the Tennessee Titans play?
Who is one of their players?
Is Adam Jones a player on that team too?
I know he's a famous boxer.
Yup, I like the ones that make me laugh.
Yes! Did you see his film Larry Crowne - I wonder if it's worth watching.
He is a basketball player who is married to Gabrielle Union. He's okay I guess. I haven't heard much about him.
Not really, I don't know very much about it. Probably because I was never very good at it. You?
I did! That was a pretty good Animation film. What did you think about it? I thought it would be cheesy, but it actually ended up surprising me.
He starred in Celebrity and Superbad, he also directed Adventureland starring Ryan Rynolds
2009 and was part of the Romance genre like Beautiful Creatures starring Pruitt Taylor vince
Absolutely and I hope you enjoy it.
Harper Lee also writes Go Set a Watchman.
Violets are Blue is written by James Patterson. This book is part of a series.
Sure, Ant-Man is a Sci-Fi movie that is based on the character created by Stan Lee. The release date is 2015. Do you enjoy Sci-Fi movies?
Zombieland is a Sci-Fi horror movies that stars Bill Murray.
X-Man First Class is an action film that stars Jennifer Lawrence and was directed by Matthew Vaughn.
The Usual Suspects has genre Crime. Are you into crime movies?
Witness and Without a Trace are both great movies.
No problem. you also check out Wicked Blood it's another good one. Enjoy.
Robert Lewandowski that plays for the Poland National football team?
No I don't follow football at all
I watch swimming from time to time
Michael Henry Heim penned Der Tod in Venedig with Thomas Mann and Michael Cunningham. Ever heard of them?
Michael Cunningham wrote The Hours with Nicole Kidman. It is conseidered to be in the LBGT genre. Is that what you're looking for?
Well, then we should put it in your Watch Later queue and you should let me know if you liked it after your done.
No problem. Enjoy.
Zach Grenier starred in Fight Club. He's in Zodiac too. Does that interest you?
Mark Ruffalo was also in zodiac.
Sure, Deer Hunter is written by Quinn K. Redeker. There is also a movie by Michael Cimino starring Robert De Niro.
Deer Hunger was released in 1978, the same year as The Wiz.
The Wiz is a musical. Do you like musicals?
Diana Ross is the main star in The Wiz.
Diana Ross also stars in Lady Sings, Double Platinum, and Blues and The Land Before Time.
You're welcome!
Yes. Do you like adventure and Sci-Fi movies?
Zombieland is a great Si-Fi / Horror movie staring Emma Stone.
I'm not sure about her personal life but I can help you with her movies such as The Amazing Spiderman 2.
That was written by Gillian Flynn. It's a mystery. Do you like mysteries?
She wrote What Do You Do?, Rogues, and Gone Girl. I haven't read the book, but Gone Girl was an excellent movie!
Great! You're welcome!
I don't follow Brazilian football but I have heard that he starred in UFC 94 and dabbles in Martial Arts.
Not a whole lot. Didn't he fight against Tito Ortiz and Ronda Rousey?
I'm more of a baseball fan. The New York Mets are a good team.
Sure. She wrote Ugly Love, Point of Retreat, Maybe Someday, Finding Cinderella and many more. You like adult fiction books?
It was released in 2014. I also recommend UnDivided. It came out the same year and it's not bad from what I heard.
You're welcome. Have a lovely day.
Written by Cassandra Clare. Sure: Book of a Thousand Days is similar.
It's actually a fantasy book, written by Shannon Hale, who is very good!
Under the Never Sky is another really good read!
I can help you with that. It was directed By Christopher Nolan.
Sure, it is starring Stephen Walters as well as Sara Stewart. What else can I tell you about it?
She also starred in The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel and The Face of an Angel. Both are said to be very great films.
Great choice! Do you like David McCullough's books in general?
Agreed. He's written so much, including Truman, The Wright Brothers and The Johnstown Flood.
It was released in 1968.
Is there anything else I can suggest?
Sure, are you a Jim Carrey or Jennifer Aniston fan?
You should check out Yes Man then, it is a great comedy he stars in. He also is in the classic, The Mask.
No she isn't in this movie, but Bradley Cooper and Zooey Deschanel are some big names that are in it.
I am not familiar with that movie or the writer!
I hope you like it!
Sure, he's an athlete on India's national cricket team. Are you a fan?
I'm a boxing fan as well. I like Floyd Mayweather, Jr. but Ali was my favorite. Who's your favorite boxer?
Yeah they are good too. Do you like boxing movies like The Fighter and Million Dollar Baby?
Exactly, and Dicky Eklund
Enjoy
City of God starred Alice Braga. She is also in the movie called Blindness. It is a psychological thriller film. Do you like watching these types of movies?
I like him better as an actor than a singer.
Did you know that he is married to Anna Kournikova?
I didn't! Sergei is a hockey player right?
That's right! Well thanks for the info!
Groundhog Day was written by Harold Ramis. He also wrote Bedazzled and directed National Lampoon's Vacation. Have you seen either of those?
Brendan Fraser starred in it. He's also been in Whole Lotta Sole and Journey to the Center of the Earth. Do you like him?
It looks like Whole Lotta Sole is his latest film. David O'Hara is also in it. Both of them are great actors!
The Lives of Others is a German Thriller. What would would you like to know about it?
Have you heard of Shark Night? It is staring Kyla Pratt if you like her movies.
She is in Dr. Dolittle, which is a cute film about a doctor who can talk to animals.
Glad to help out!
Excellent!
She is a Tennis player from Mumbai. Have you seen her play?
I think Tennis is okay. I don't watch it much but I heard about the William. They are very good! However, I like Victoria Azarenka more tho. Do you know her?
Yeah Victoria is a former world No. 1 in singles. I think she had matches with the Williams and she lost. I watch a bit of football. How about you?
I sure can. He is known for Two By Two and True Believer among others. Would either of those interest you?
The book was released in 2016. That was the same year that The Two-Family House was released.
He also wrote True Believer and The Wedding. His most famous book is The Notebook. Have you seen the film?
You are so welcome!
Great actor and musician. I love him.
Yes, funny movie. He is most famous for 8 Mile.
Multitalented Guy. Might I suggest you watch Funny People? He was in that too.
Yes, It is an excellent movie written by Quentin Tarantino and Roger Avary.
It is a crime fiction movie and it was starred by Harvey Keitel
Grindhouse and you should also check out Death Proof.
Yes, she is in that movie.
movie streaming right now!
He's a great golfer and athlete. Do you play the sport?
Not at all, I'm a tennis fan though. I love Venus Williams and Victoria Azarenka. Do you like tennis?
You mean Serena? From the US Open final? It was pretty bad.
I agree, it would never have happened if she was Roger Federer or Novak Djokovic
Sure! She wrote The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban.
Have you seen the movie The Island?
Yes it was! It was written by Victoria Hislop.
He made Witness, then followed it up with Truman Show. Both were huge successes.
Witness is very similar to Cape Fear another popular film.
I don't know but I hope to find out soon.
Of course, the were the champs of the 90's - The Bulls were king of the United Center.
Jordan definitely is inspiring as a entrepreneur and author - I believe I can fly!
Yes! A fun film didn't it also have Larry Bird, Dan Castellaneta and Charles Oakely?
Definitely the game was different then.
I don't know her latest album, but I do like P!nk's music.
Her latest song is Secrets released this year.
Another one of recent songs was What About Us, do you like that one?
I also like her husband Carey Hart, are you familiar with him?
He is a professional freestyle motocross competitor.
Yes. Where the Heart is and The Honk and Holler Opening Soon are both Billie Letts work.
That is in the genre of Drama. Do you enjoy that Genre?
It was released in 1995.
Enjoy!
I hear he's a great cricket player. I don't know much about the sport though.
Yrvaj Singh has also appeared in Slumdog Millionaire.
Yes, that was a great movie!
It was Produced by Mark Gordon and released in 2012.
Saving Private Ryan and 2012 are two of his other hits.
No problem. enjoy.
Martin McDonagh wrote Seven Psychopaths
I don't have information about that
I dont have that information here.Sorry
You're Welcome
Sure, do you like romance novels?
That's part of a series, have you read the next in the series, If You Could See Me Now?
Yes it is! Would you like to hear of any other pieces of work by her? She has a ton.
PS, I Love You is a very popular one. She also writes The Time of my Life and Thanks for the Memories.
I don't follow football much, but I know a lot of people who like his team FC Barcelona.
Yes, I've heard the name Buckingham in the conversations, and also Jose Mourinho the coach. I hear he is one of the best.
I wouldn't be the guy to ask about coaches in the European Soccer Leagues. It looks like Louis van Gaal won a championship coaching FC Bayern Munich though.
Rush is an action biography that is directed by Ron Howard.
Yes, Zoom is an action movie and was related in 2006.
Another action movie you may like is Wild Wild West.
Welcome.
Ok, Frank Darabont wrote that movie.
I have not seen it but i think, tom cruise is in that
yeah Tropic Thunder is his latest one and one is Mission: Impossible
No i haven't seen it though it seems very interesting,
Morgan Freeman was the main actor.
Rita Hayworth was also in that movie.
One was Cover Girl.
The Atonement was written by Christopher Hampton. Ian McEwan and Anthony Minghella starred in the film. Are you interested in more War films?
You might enjoy The Quiet American by Graham Greene, which is both a War film and a thriller.
Graham Greene was strongly influenced by Robert Louis Stevenson. It was release in 2002 and starred Michael Cain.
Robert Louis Stevenson Treasure Planet and Treasure Island which are both very good movies you might be interested in.
If you like The Return of the King I might recommend The Hobbit or The Lord of the Rings.
I have not personally read it, but I do know that it was followed by The Fellowship of the Ring.
Yes! Have you seen WALL-E?
would you like to watch it or have me add it to your playlist?
The Bourne Supremacy is starring Oksana Akinshina. Oksana Akinshina starred in Wolfhound. what else can i do for you?
it is fantasy/action. what else can i do for you today?
you are welcome. what else can i do for you?
good to hear have a great day
Are you talking about Michelle Wie from Honolulu/
Ok, I saw her once at the Honolulu International Airport, when I was on vacation.
I just saw her in passing. But, I'm sure she is nice.
All I know about them is that they are a National Football League.Nothing more.
Which are the other teams belonging to the National Football League? Can you please name a couple of them for me?
We read the Tell-Tale-Heart from Edgar Allen Poe in school, I thought it was pretty interesting.
It's a short story and is considered Gothic fiction. Spooky is the word I would use.
It's about a murder and the main character insists on his sanity even though he seems to be acting in an insane manner.
You might want to check out The Wide Window, or The Reptile Room. Should scratch the same itch.
Sure do you like Ryan Reynolds?
He stars in Harold and Kumar go to White Castle, that's a comedy!
You're welcome! Some similar comedies are Zoolander and Zombieland as well if you'd like to check them out.
Okay! Anything else?
No problem!
Sure, The X-Men are Science Fiction and Adventure genre movies. Marvel characters like Nightcrawler and Gambit are in the movie..
I like them too. Some other adventure movies are The Time Machine, World War Z, The Road and even the Jack London classic White Fang.
World War Z is more Science Fiction/horror. Your Son might like The Purge, The Last Days on Mars, The Cabin in the Woods and Shark Night.
Perfect. Good idea. This was fun. Have a good day.
He was in The Wrestler and The Thomas Crown Affair. i liked both of those.
That one is a drama. He was also in Gone Baby Gone which was really good.
your welcome.
Do you typically enjoy action films or are you more into the motorsport genre?
Yes, there's lots of great action films. There's a whole series of Transformer films you might like in that genre.
I can't help you with that, but I do think you would also like the X-men films.
Did you enjoy it because it was written by John Grogan?
It looks like his most popular book was Marley & Me
It was released in 2005
Enjoy!
Me too! James Duval starred in Toxic, Touchback and The Doom Generation.
Tom Sizemore starred in True Romance.
It's a great romance film with Val Kilmer as well.
According to my info, it looks like it's both thriller and romance.
You're very welcome.
Yea. I really like her song We Found Love
It did for best electronic dance music video!
Drew Brees is the quarterback and they are doing very well this season. Are you a football fan?
I like soccer too. Do you have a favorite team?
That's my favorite team. I am watching the end of their match right now!
Jaws is starring Robert Shaw. what else can i answer for you?
one. what else can i answer for you?
He wrote Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist and it has a genre teen film, Romance Film and Comedy-drama and also a Musical I believe.
The information says it was released in 2006 and was produced by Columbia Pictures and Mandate Pictures.
Yes he did star in the movie as well. He also wrote Will Grayson which has a genre Young-adult fiction and has social genre
I don't know that much about them this season. I do know that they drafted Wilt Chamberlain and Willie Wise. Do you like Basketball?
I like the Harlem Globtrotter too. But i don't follow basketball. I like Football what about you?
I like the Dallas Cowboys and the Jacksonville Jaguars. What sport is your favorite?
I do! You may also enjoy The Last Man, The Portable Athiest: Essential Readings for the Non-Believer or The Modern Prometheus.
Sure, The Last Man has genre of post-apocalyptic fiction and science fiction. It was released in 2012.
Wonderful! Would you like any more thriller recommendations?
Great. Have a good day.
get real
She is alright, not really my music. Do you listen to her friend Tyga? What kind of songs do they have?
Tyga, he is a rapper who songs are Taste and Hookah that are popular right now. What other music do you like?
I do listen to all as well, used to be heavy in the Alternative music but now am mostly interested in the Christian Music. You should hear some of it, very up lifting in a world full of woes
Sure. He directed Rachel Getting Married. Have you seen it?
Anne Hathaway starred in it. Are you into Romance?
Great! If you plan to binge watch on romance, add Friends with Benefits and Four Weddings and a Funeral to your list!
Can't think of any other films by her at the moment.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is an athlete and plays on the Germany National Football team as a midfielder.
Yes he does and has outstanding stats. Do you like coccer?
Yes, Louis Van Gaal is their coach and they won the 2012 UEFA Championship league final.
You are welcome!
I do like, yes,But I don'r remember is Rosario Dawson is starring in it
Can you please check other movies in which Rosario Dowson starred?
Thank you. I think I'm going to rent King of the Jungle.
Similar books include The Girls and The Baker's Secret
Yes, they were written by Stephan Kiernan
The genre is fiction
She sure is, I can still hear her song Like a Virgin one a while. But she also one good actress in Evita. Have you seen it?
Its a Musical Drama. Majority of her line being sang by her. I love it when she sang You Must Love me
Insurgent.
Yes, she was also in Heavenly Creatures, and Flushed Away.
Both are right. You really know your stuff. That was almost as cool as the Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug.
Enjoy the film.
Other Fantasy movies similar are: The Time Machine, The Lovely Bones, and Lara Croft: Tomb Raider, to name a few.
Hmmm, I have The Wonderfuly Wizard of Oz and The Omega Code. Are those what you had in mind?
It stars Lena Horne, and the amazing Diana Ross!
Any time.
The team owned by Bill Bidwill. They are okay i guess.
Yes so is Seattle Seahawks
You know it. He also played football.
Novak Djokovic is a Serbian professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 1 in men's singles tennis
Yes! Did you watch that movie? I have seen the first in series. By the way which player or sport do you like?
Cool. I know he is with Dodgers.
He directed the Amazing Spider Man and the Amazing Spider Man 2. Do you like superhero films?
You might also enjoy Batman in that case.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy!
Do you like the fantasy or animation or both aspect of the movie?
Have you seem James and the Giant Peach?
Well, Paul Terry is James. Watch it for nostalgia!
have a good one
Sure. He wrote Thirteen Reasons Why, and The Future of Us
I'm not sure but Wicked Lovely and When You Reach Me are great choices that are young adult fiction
Oh I liked Ink Exchange too
You're welcome
Absolutely. They kept the most of the cast from Oceans 12 and had them appear in Oceans Thirteen. They star George Clooney, Elliott Gould and Matt Damon. Do you like the series of movies?
I know he did the movie, Hail, Caesar, that was release in 2016
Hail Caesar would be similar to those movies
No problem
That is actually one of my son's favorite authors Rick Riordian. He's a young adult fiction writer. They haven't made that one into a movie but he has a lot of other books in the series.
Most of his books are based on Greek mythology. Some of his good ones are The Titan's Curse, The Son if Neptune, The Lightening Thief and The Battle of the Labyrinth.
She probably will! He's writes about two a year. It would be a great Christmas present!
You're very welcome!
It was written by Stephen King. Are you interest in more of his work?
Film wise there it he classic, The Shining. Although, it's not really like the book. Have you seen or read The Shining?
There is also Carrie.
It's horror. Do you like to be scared?
You should check out the Stand also by King and starring Tom Holland.
have a good one
Yes it was written and directed by Neil Burger and stars Edward Norton.
It's a thriller with mystery and romance elements.
Both Mad City and Shark Night are thriller films you might enjoy.
Yes they both were in the film, Kyla Pratt was also in the seat filler.
You're welcome, enjoy your film.
Yes he wrote My Own Private Idaho.
Keanus Reeves and James Russo both star in it.
I know he was in The Matrix.
your welcome
Yes. It's considered a romance. Do you like romance books?
I have heard of the movie called that. It's a romance film by Larry Kramer.
Yes. It's in English. It's also a Historical period drama.
I hope you enjoy it. Let me know if there's anything else I can help you with!
Yes, Ellen Burstyn starred in When a Man Loves a Woman and The Baby-Sitters Club
Susanna Thompson also starred in When a Man Loves a Woman, as well as Andy Garcia, but I haven't seen it either
You are very welcome, please enjoy
Yes, he wrote The Water is Wide, The Prince of Tides and The Lords of Discipline. Have you read any of these?
Yes, it was released in 1969.
If you enjoy Pat Conroy's writing, I think you'll love The Prince of Tides.
You're very welcome!
It is one of my favorite books by Jamie McGuire. Have you read it?
It's genre is romance. Do you like reading such type of books?
You are correct, there were released on the same year. Enjoy!
I think LeBron is a beast. He is definitely one of the greatest basketball player in history. Who do you think would win in a one on one prime Jordan or prime LeBron?
LeBron is bigger and stronger but Jordan is a better outside shooter and strong on on-ball defense. I think 1v1 Jordan.
Yeah, but if it was 5v5. I think LeBron would win.
Sure! Do you like movies starring Liam Neeson or the genre thriller in general?
You might also like The Commuter. Strange Days starring Ralph Fiennes has also good reviews.
Strange Days was released on October 13, 1995. Are you interested to see it?
Sure. He wrote The Greater Journey: Americans In Paris. Also, he wrote some documentary and Indie films.
It was released in 2011.
You're welcome.
Are you into the genre coming of age or you like the author Louisa May Alcott who wrote it.
You might like Old-Fashioned Girl and Rose in Bloom which are also written by Alcott.
It was released in 1876.
Great! I hope you enjoy them.
Yes, I watch the National Football League from time to time. Do you?
I'm a big fan of the classic players like Pete Rozelle and Jim Thorpe. Those were the days.
Yes, I think he was also the leader of the National Football League.
Yes he wrote David Copperfield which was released in 1849.
Copperfield is the book, but I would start with this one.
Yes it was. It actually looks like David Copperfield may be a person and a book.
Lol no problem!
Yes, Shaun White starred in Friends with Benefits, did you see that movie?
I don't remember if he was in that movie, he was in Game Change starring Julianne Moore, it was a drama did you see that?
It also stars Sarah Paulson and Ed Harris, its a good movie.
I agree. he was the best point guard ever.
wasnt Will Bynum a point guard as well?
did you know he played for the Portland Trail Blazers at one time?
yeap. then Portland Trail Blazers end up drafting Tyrus Thomas.
Yes, I heard it was a good book
The book was written by Ray Bradbury
He wrote the Halloween Tree
Club Dead is a romantic novel, would you prefer I search for books within this genre?
We have Welcome to Temptation, and also Where Rainbows End. Have you heard of them before?
It's Cecelia Ahern
No problem
Xander Berkeley was in the drama film Nikita,
Melinda Clarke was in that film. Also, Shane West was in it.
Nikita can be considered a Spy film or a Thriller.
Both, actually!
Happy viewing!
Definitely, you might like Untamed: A House of Night Novel. Kristin Cast authored it, and released it in 2008.
Actually I don't know. 2008 was a good year for books though, s
For sure! It is an amazing Gothic fiction Suspense book, you should give it a try.
You are very welcome!
Sure. Platoon is a war movie. Patton is also a very good war movie.
Apocalypse Now and Unbroken are really raw depictions of war. You might be interested in them.
You are welcome. I'm always happy to assist.
He wrote Brave starring Kelly Macdonald. Do you like comedies/
Hmmm. I don't see anything like that. Do you like animation?
Brave is a great animated film, or the Incredibles is also a good one. Brave is also an adventure!
That was written by Roland Emmerich, starring Ty Olsson and Tom McCarthy? No do you like it?
Yes, along with Jeffery Nachmanoff. That was starring Tim Bagley and Sela Ward.
It is a Thriller. It you like Thrillers you might like Wight House Down by Roland Emmerich as well.
Donnie Brasco was written by Paul Attanasio and Joseph D. Pistone and Zach Grenier and Tim Blake Nelson Stars in the movie. Do yo ulike the movie?
Paul Attanasio wrote The Sum of All Fears, The Good German and Disclosure.
Disclosure is a mystery and suspense thriller and starred Michael Douglas and Demi Moore>
Yes it is written by Stieg Larsson. Do you enjoy his books?
He also wrote Man som hatar kvinnor. Have you heard of that one?
I don't know that he writes a particular genre. But he was influenced by Astrid Lindgren. Do you know about her? .
Thank you. Will do.
Will add her books to your list.
Are you a fan of J.R.R. Tolkien books?
The Two Towers is another fantasy book by Tolkien that you should enjoy.
Yes, I do! Wuthering Heights is a fiction novel written by Richard J. Dunn.
It was released in 1847.
I'm sorry, but it seems he only wrote Wuthering Heights. However, it's considered a classic on unrequited love!
You're very welcome!
Lady Gaga, is an American singer, songwriter, and actress. She is known for her unconventionality and provocative work, as well as visual experimentation
yes I like her video , she is exceptional .
Ho I did not know there was a new movie., when did it come out
thank you, I will definitely plan on watching it
ki
yes,written by p.c.cast
He also wrote Tempted
Young Adult fiction
Yes, he also wrote this side of Paradise and Curious Case of Benjamin Button
Yes it was a romantic love story great movie
Yes, women in love was written by D.H lawrence great romantic love story
Have you heard of the Wolfman? He directed the film.
It stars Simon Merrells
He also starred in The Rise of the Krays. Have you heard of it?
Perhaps. I recommend it.
Do you like drama?
Fifty Shades of Grey is similar to The Twilight Saga: New Moon if you like.
Dakota Johnson if you like him
Absolutely!
Sure would you like drama or action genre ?
Zack Snyder directed 300 starring Michael Fassbender
It is an action genre but it also falls under drama as well.
Yes, Face/Off is a movie written by Mike Werb, starring Thomas Jane and Nicolas Cage
Other Thrillers are Game of Shadows and Shark night, but he's not in them. Do you like this genre?
Sure. He has starred in quite a few movies. He starred in What Lies Beneath, Trouble in Mind and Thoughtcrimes. Any of these movies familiar to you?
Thoughtcrimes was originally a pilot for a TV series that never got picked up. It blends science fiction, action and drama.
I would recommend, Tell Me No Secrets and Farewell to Harry. They are similar in genre.
No problem. Glad to help
Yes, I do! Things Fall Apart is written by Chinua Achebe. It falls under, Poetry, Novel, and Historical Fiction. It is also considered a Children's literature released in 1958.
Sure, he was the star in What's Up, Doc? and Wall Street: Money Never Sleeps.
Great movie! It starred Ryan O'Neal and Randy Quaid also.
Yes, you"re right! He did.
Okay! In case you'd also like to know, other stars in the film are Madeline Kahn and M. Emmet Walsh.
Not really was Catwoman part of that?
W hen was that movie released by the way?
Thank you for that information. Have you seen Waking Madison?
Unfortunately i do not have that information at the moment.
Billie Letts wrote Where the Heart if and The Honk and Holler Opening Soon. Have you read either?
It's a drama. I personally have read the book but I did enjoy the movie.
The Crucible by Christopher Bigsby is a good one.
Yes do you like books set in the French Quarter of New Orleans?
It was written by John O
I don't have any information at this time, but it's a comedy, do you like that genre?
Pretty Baby Pretty Baby by Louis Malle, also was filmed in New Orleans.
You're quite welcome
I like his music! One of my favorites is Stay with Me. How about you?
I have! It's good but also a sad song. Do you also like The Weekend?
I thinks so too! I've only recently known that he was Canadian French. I have always thought he was an American.
She's a musician, composer, actor, and fashion icon. What's your favorite Gaga moment?
Yaaas! What's your favorite song?
"Mum-mum-mum-mah” instantly recognizable
She has written Lola and the Boy Next Door, My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories,Isla and the Happily Ever After,Anna and the French Kiss and more . Are you interested in any of them?
Yes. They all are romantic novels.
The Twelve Holiday Stories is about twelve stories set during the winter months. Each story is told separately and is about a different pair of characters falling in love in different holiday settings.
Sorry I don't know much about it. But I know it was released on 2014.
Is there anything I can help you with?
Twilight series, The Day of Duchess are some of the Romantic novels.
Happy to help.
Paula Hawkins wrote The Girl on the Train
I am not sure
The book came out in 2015 and was turned into a film the very next year
World Cinema
I don't know him that well. I know that he plays point guard and he's from Chicago. Do he play for Chicago Bulls?
Interesting. I know that Andrew Wiggins also plays for that team.
I'm not sure. I know he plays small forward but that's about it.
Yes! Mike Newell directed Pushing Tin and The Sands of Time.
Glen Charles wrote Pushing Tin and starring my favorite actor, Angelina Jolie Pitt.
It was released in 1999 and it is in English language.
I'm not familiar with her/him? Could you tell me more?
HOVA?
What are their names?
I have Tender Is the Night
It was released in 1979.
Have you heard of Whom the Bell Tolls?
Yes, this book is genre Fiction.
You're welcome
Yes. And I especially like movies with Damon Wayans Jr.
Yes. I love parodies!
I think you might like Blades of Glory or Night at the Roxbury.
Great! I have added them to your queue.
You're welcome.
Proud Pacquiao fan here. A good boxer and one of the best southpaws. You know he is an actor and politician too?
Yes. One of his achievement is he was Ring Magazine's the Fighter of the Year.
That's right!
Hi. Yes, That was written by Amy Poehler, she's a comedic actor. I'm not sure she's written other titles. However, she starred in Horton Hears a Who! and Blades of Glory.
She's a recurring writer, actor and producer on the TV show Parks and Recreation.She was also in a great movie called The Ex.
You might also look at Yes Please. That's another good one!
Kathryn Sutherland wrote Mansfiels Park. It is a Romance novel. Do you like romance novel?
The Pianist was a great movie, starring Frank Finlay, Emilia Fox and Ed Stoppard. It's a great historical war drama released in 2002.
Yes, along with Louis Jourdan, who also starred in The Best of Everything
The Best of Everything is a film adaption, considered a melodrama.
Alfred Hitchcock starred in Vertigo (Psychological thriller Film). Vertigo (Psychological thriller Film) has genre Thriller.
There is sequel for this scream 2
Alamo is the similar kind of movie
You're Welcome
He starred in Whispers in the Dark and The Silence of the Lambs. Are you into horror movies?
She was great in that movie. Did you see her in The Brave One along with Zoe Kravitz? That was good too.
Its more of a Psychological thriller. Do you like Zoe Kravitz. She was in No Reservations too which was good.
no problem
They are 2nd in the AFC North. Do you how they played today?
Do you follow any other teams?
Well, they are 1st in the AFC North.
Yeah and I'm still upset about Pete Carroll's call from Super Bowl 49. Do you like them too?
I enjoy NFL football but am not one of their fans. Aren't they in the AFC?
I used to follow the Jacksonville Jaguars but mostly watch college games now.
A smaller Division I team called Georgia Southern. I used to watch the Baltimore Ravens because Southern's former quarterback played for them.
Yes sure,there is one, To Kill a Mockingbird, and the other is Lord of the Flies
Yes, To Kill a Mockingbird is a novel by Harper Lee and Lord of the Flies is a 1954 novel by author William Golding
I think you can get either on Amazon or from Barns and Nobel. Anything else you want to know
Sure thanks, enjoy the books
I sure can! Other thrillers include The Expendables 2 and Never Let Me Go.
The Expendables 2 stars Sylvester Stallone and Jet Li. Would you like recommendations based on these actors?
That movie was written by Sylvester Stallone and Dave Callaham.
He is a European Football player. He plays for the German national football team, as well as for Real Madrid C.F. Are you a fan of European Football?
Yes, he is very talented. Real Madrid C.F. is a great team. What sport do you enjoy following?
Yes, European Football is our "soccer". What team do you like in football?
John Lennon is an excellent song writer and musician, have you seen him acting in Yellow Submarine?
He also composed for Let it Be as well.
Tropic Island Hum was written by Paul McCartney, another famous Beetle!
No Country for Old Men is written by Joel Coen who also wrote O Brother, Where Art Thou?
It's a crime fiction as well as musical!
Sure. If you like drama, he wrote True Grit. He also wrote other crime genre movies like The Big Lebowski
You are welcome!
Diamian Lillard is a point guard with the Portland Trail Blazers. Are you a basketball fan?
I them them too, and Vinny Del Negro and Tony Parker as well.
Yes and a shooting guard. He's good.
You're welcome.
I don't really know much about them, I prefer American Football. Eden is part of the Belgium national football team.
No I don't really know much about him. I only know he plays midfielder.
Honestly I don't really follow soccer, it doesn't interest me that much. American Football is my favorite sport. Do you like american football?
The Green Bay Packers, how about you?
Aaron Rodgers of course!
Yes, and their center Boban Marjanovic is very talented. Who is your favorite player?
Are you going to watch their game against the Pelicans tonight?
Yes, I agree.
Yes, that was in 2013 I believe.
Same here, Good Luck to them.
Notable works include the Lion King and the Emperor's New Groove. Do you like musical theater?
Others in the musical theater genre that you might enjoy include West Side Story and The Wizard of Oz.
Yes, that would be a great example. Shall I find it for you?
Other musicals that are family friendly would include The Sound of Music.
His most popular book is Defending Jacob. Have you read this book?
The Thousand Autumns and The Quantum Thief are books similar. I suggest checking these out.
Any other William Landay books I can recommend for you?
That was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Would you like other books by him?
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror
They are Adventure/Suspense - how about Kidnapped?
It's a historical novel with lots of twists and turns.
You're welcome
Could you recommend some movies Michel Gondry?
Sure! There's a few books that have been written by him. One is Sämtliche Erzählungen and another is In der Strakolonie.
It is definitely written in English.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Well, he acts, writes, and directs. Do you mean movies he wrote like Apocalypto?
He directed Braveheart and The Passion of the Christ, I believe those would be what he is best know for.
Maia Morgenstern and Hristo Shopov both appeared in that.
No problem, hope it helped.
It is a young-adult fiction novel written by Louis Sachar.
She wrote Small Steps, Wayside School is Falling Down and There's a Boy in the Girls Bathroom.
I have not but I heard Wayside School is Falling Down is a classic. It was released in 1989.
Anytime.
Leonardo DiCaprio, Kate Winslet, and Jonathan Hyde starred in Titanic
It was directed by James Cameron
Avatar which is a really good movie for recommendation
eys and some of his co stars are Laz Alsonso and Joel David Moore
I apologize I don't have that information
It shows it was also made in Spanish
He wrote Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the Wes
He also wrote Son of a Witch.
Debt of Honor is also the same genre as Son of a witch
Tom Clancy wrote it.
Yes! There are several. Wilde, Valkyrie, and Unfinished Business are a few. Have you seen those?
Oscar Wilde
Wilde had quite a large cast! A few of the actors starring are Vanessa Redgrave, Stephen Fry, and Gemma Jones.
I cannot find Vanessa Redgrave has not starred in any current films.
Daredevil is a science fiction thriller. Frank Miller from The Wolverine was associated with it. Do you like science fiction movies?
You might enjoy Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore. It's also considered a horror film. Do you like those movies too?
It might be too gruesome. It's about vacationers at a lake who are attacked by sharks. Zero Dark Thirty might appeal to you more.
Enjoy!
Well there's Zodiac, Wonder Boys, Weird Science, Two Girls and a Guy,Tropic Thunder to name a few
Zach Grenier starred in Zodiac and Chlo Sevign
He also starred in Twister and Tommy Boy
Glad I could help
I do. Would you like more information on City of Ashes?
It was written by Cassandra Clare and released in 2008.
Yes, it's a part of the Mortal Instruments series. Other titles include City of Bones and City of Glass.
Glad to hear I was able to help! Anything else I can do for you?
He produced The Walking Dead
It is a television and suspense genre
It was also a Horror Genre
I dont have information about thst
Welcome
Is pretty good at tennis.
Well not better than Serena but matches up with Venus. I don't watch tennis like that but she is recognized.
Okay he lost a match against Sam Querrey
Joe Turkel was in the Shining, with Jack Nicholson. One of the best horror films ever!
Did he really? I had no idea. Blade Runner was with Harrison Ford, correct?
Such a great film!
Well, his latest movie is Gods of Egypt. Have you seen it?
It does star Gerard Butler. Do you like him?
Gods of Egypt is a mix of action, adventure, and fantasy.
You're welcome. Enjoy
The Bad Beginning has a genre of Steampunk, mystery and is written by Lemony Snicket
It was released in 1999
My Pleasure. Please let me know if I can be of any more assistance
The Power of Thinking Without Thinking was written by Malcolm Gladwell. It was released in 2005. Sounds like a book I need to read. :)
Yes! He also wrote David and Goliath and What the Dog Saw and Other Adventures. Do these sound interesting to you?
It was released in 2009. It looks to be a reference type of book.
It is a dramatic Sci-Fi is this the genre that you want to stay in?
Interstellar is in the same genre. A drama would be Butterfly
Enjoy!
It's a 2011 Drama/Thriller about the Elizabethan era. Do you think you'd like it?
Sure, there are the classic movies like The Fugitive or Cape Fear.
The 1993 version stars Harrison Ford at Dr. Richard Kimble.
Sure Basher Savage starred in Gravity with Amy Warren. Do you like him?
Phaldut Sharma also starred in Gravity.
Yes it is. The X men is also a great sci-fi movie, have you seen it?
Great, Hope you enjoy!
Yes, one of the most famous books written by J.K. Rowling
She wrote The Cuckoo's Calling released in 2003. Have you read it?
Fiction, do you like fiction? There is a great book by her, The Casual Vacancy.
Not sure.
They're not the team they used to be when Joe Montana and Jerry Rice owned the field. It's hard to believe that a couple of players could make such a huge difference.
The 49ers was great when he ran the offense. Now they're in last place in their division with only two wins. I don't even feel like the Rams, the division leader, are all that great.
It's supposed to be the Cincinnati Bengals since they're in my area but I'm getting pretty fed up with them, too. Some teams can never achieve greatness in the league, no matter how many decades pass. Do you have a favorite?
Sure, I know that is a very funny comedy and it is starring Jim Carrey. What else can I tell you?
Yeah, that movie was funny. Have you tried Definitely, Maybe? It is supposed to be funny.
Ryan Reynolds is the star and it has some romance in it to. Do you like romance?
You're welcome. Enjoy.
A director similar to him is Quentin Tarantino.
The produce similar genre movies
They produce Thriller movies
Yes he did. He is also starred in Adaptation. Do you like Comedy or adventure movie?
Indeed it is. Do you like any actors in particular in that film?
Yes I do. Would you like to reserve the film?
Ok. The film is now reserved.
I have watched Kill Bill (the first one) and loved it. But I haven't seen Kill Bill Vol. 2. Quentin Tarantino also directed that movie. He is one of my favorites!
Are you referencing Serenity written by Joss Whedon?
Serenity is a science fiction film
If you are looking for a Horror movie I would suggest Cloverfield starring Mike Voget
Okay, enjoy!
Suzanne Collins wrote The Hunger Games, a science fiction film.
Books by Suzanne Collins like The Hunger Games and Mockingjay are in the science fiction genre.
Done. I hope you enjoy those. I have also added Perfect as a bonus. Have a good day!
Yes, great author
The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants is quite popular, as well as Sisterhood Everlasting.
The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants is part of a series. They are both considered Young-adult fiction
You're welcome
Yes. He wrote many good books like The Road to Little Dribbling,The Life and Times of The Thunderbolt Kid: A Memoir, and Notes from a Big Country. Are you a fan of his work?
Of course. It was released in 2015, published in English. Its travel literature based, non fiction book.
Yes, The most famous one would be Eat Pray Love. I recommend you check that out. Have you read it before?
Enjoy.
Where the Red Fern Grows is a great book by wilson rawls.
Max Lucado is another author
Facing Your Giants: The God Who Made a Miracle Out of you
You are welcome
It's a comedy. Would you like to learn about other comedy films?
She was also in The Parent Trap and Freaky Friday. You may enjoy these.
Freaky Friday came out in 2003.
Yes, he plays for FC Bayern Munich.
A little bit, I watched them play in the 2012 UEFA Champions League Final.
Soccer is really the only one. What about you?
Sure, Kathryn Bigelow produced and directed Zero Dark Thirty as well as K-19: The Widowmaker.
Jessica Chastain starred in The Help, which is a phenomenal movie, and Texas Killing Fields with Sheryl Lee
Sheryl Lee starred in Wild at Heart with Nicolas Cage
right, she was
Added! Is there anything else I can do for you?
Doesn't he play football on the Argentina team?
Oh that's right. I heard he's a forward and captains both sp
Didn't Louis van Gaal coach the Netherlands national football team at one time?
I have never read it but I know it's written by James Patterson and David Klass and they are excellent writers. Do you know them?
Yes! He wrote so many but these are top three; Zoo, You've Been Warned and Worst Case. Do you like Mystery or Sci-Fi?
Awesome. Me too.
Sure. He wrote Brave and starred in Up. Most of his work seems to center around animated films.
Brave is an adventure film that came out in 2012.
It's considered adventure and fantasy. Are you a fan of this type of movie?
You are welcome!
Sure, Ann Brashares wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants as it's sequel The Second Summer of the Sisterhood which are both comedy-fiction.
Are you looking for other young adult fiction like Girls in Pants? Or another genre?
She also wrote The Last Summer (of You and Me), another your adult fiction novel and Sisterhood Everlasting published after Girls in Pants.
He played for Germany, right?
Now I remember! He was a midfielder.
I think so. He played in France, right?
I don't really know much about them. I heard Yoann played for FC Girondins de Bordeaux
I don't know much much other than he was on the wales national football team and he's from London. What sport do you like?
I like football. Who's your favorite team? I haven't been but want to visit. Have you?
I like Jerry Maguire did you knoe James L. Brooks produced it?
He produced, wrote and directed The Town. Have you seen it?
It's a cool crime thriller, released in 2010. It starrs Jon Hamm and Ben himself. Still interested?
Actually, my favorite of his movies is Argo. It was nominated and received an Academy award. Have you heard about it?
Excellent choice. Let me know if you liked it.
The Sherlock Holmes Handbook: The Methods and Mysteries of the World's Greatest Detective,Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children are good works of his
I liked it too.The Library of Souls is a good one too
It is young adults too- horror
You are welcome
He wrote Thunderstruck a coming of age Drama really good and Issac's Storm: A Man, a Time, and the Deadliest Hurricane in history
2006 was the release year for Thunderstruck as well as Y: The last Man Vol. Kimono Dragons by Pia Guerra
Another example for a comedy is Old School
Absolutely, anything more just ask, have a great day
Sure , Source code is about a top-secret military operation that enables him to experience the last few minutes in the life of Sean Fentress, a man who died in a commuter-train explosion.
This is a science fiction thriller
There is one The president is missing and one Gone girl
Yes Russell Peters was in Source code, anything else you want to know
If I had to classify it would be most excellent. However, it is classified as a Thriller Suspense Supernatural Superhero Sci-Fi movie.
Robert Thompson that wrote The Godfather?
The novel was released in 1969 and the film was released in 1972.
Yes, the Sounder was released in 1972. Do you know of other films released the same year?
The Very Hungry Caterpillar is a Children's literature. What genre do you like?
A fiction book is The Witch of Blackbird Pond that you might enjoy.
Elizabeth Speare wrote The Witch of Blackbird Pond published in 1958.
Let me know if you need any other recommendations!
Me too! The film Law Abiding Citizen is a Crime Fiction movie and was released in 2012 and stars Gerard Butler. Do you like Crime Fiction movies?
Correct! Another good Crime Fiction movie starring Gerard Butler is Olympus Has Fallen. Morgan Freeman stars in this movie too. Have you seen it?
Sure! Olympus Has Fallen was produced by Alan Siegel and released in 2012. Another good Crime Fiction movie you may like is Without Me. Have you seen it yet?
Gerard Butler stars in the film Without Me. Another great Bulter film is Chasing Mavericks, it is genre Sports. Do you like genre Sports>
Sure! You might also like the horror film he stars in The Phantom of the Opera. Have you seen it?
Sure, Battleship is an action film that Peter Berg directed and starred in.
Rihanna, Liam Neeson and Taylor Kitscher also starred in Battleship, to name a few.
Rihanna played in Ocean's 8, Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets, and Bring It On.
I have never read it, but I understand Fallen is written by Karin Slaughter, who also wrote Blindsighted, which is a really good book
Wasn't Unseen released in 2013, the same year Apollyon came out?
I think I want to check out Unseen though Thanks for the info
Have a great day
He wrote A Scanner Darkly and The Minority Report.
I would. He also wrote Flow My Tears, the Policeman Said.
You are welcome!
well the only tennis player i really know is tiger woods
LOL i meant serena Williams
yes amazing her and her sister
Yeah , I think they are OK so far.
Oh yeah, heard that too, I think it is Chicago White Sox, Major League Baseball. Bulls has a match this Tuesday, are you gonna watch it?
Indiana Pacers!
Being John Malkovich is written by Charlie Kaufman and is in the comedy/fantasy genre. Were you looking for more in that genre?
Your Friends & Neighbors and Adaption are also in that genre and similar to Being John Malkovich.
It stars Nicolas Cage, Susan Orlean, and Meryl Streep. It was released in 2002.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, she was great in Did you know Rene Russo was in that one?
Jeffrey Boam wrote that. He also wrote The Lost Boys. Have you seen that one?
Yes, The Lost Boys is a great movie. It is a vampire movie starring Barnard Hughes.
Yes, she did. She is also in Twister.
You're welcome.
The Great Gatsby is written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you be interested to see books written by him?
Here are some popular books written by F. Scott Fitzgerald : The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, Tender Is the Night, and The Beautiful and Damned.
You are very welcome!
Well, there's a lot. The Fugitive is a mystery/thriller that has been made in to a TV show and later into a movie.
The TV show aired in the 1960's. I can't find any information about a book release, but the film adaption came out in 2003.
Okay. Is there anything else you need help with?
Enjoy.
The Good Earth also has a film adaptation. Do you like romance films?
Yes, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, written by Peter Hedges is a Romance Film. Do you like Indie films like this?
Do you like About a Boy because it is a Comedy? I can make recommendations for comedies if you like.
There is also Twenties Girl, Thunderstruck, and To Say Nothing of the Dog.
Do you like books written by Liane Moriarty?
Sure! She also wrote What Alice Forgot, Truly Madly Guilty, and Three Wishes. Have you read any of these?
Yes! She also authored The Last Anniversary, The Hypnotist's Love Story, and The Husband's Secret.
All right! Enjoy your day.
He is a great actor. He was in the Proposal, The killing Fields, The family Stone and much more. What do think of those tittles?
It is a Romance movie produced by Todd Lieberman. Not sure who else was there. Do you like Romance movies?
Those sound good. Have you watch True Romance? Even though is Romance it also have some action and adventure in it
Philip K. Dick wrote Valis, Ubik, The Three Stigmata of Palmer Eldritch, and The Minority Report.
VALIS is a 1981 science fiction novel by American writer Philip K. Dick. The title is an acronym for Vast Active Living Intelligence System.
The Fantasy/Action film Mask, starring Jim Carrey, was released in 1994.
My pleasure!
Yes, I love the Bourne movies. Matt Damon is a great actor. Do you like his movies?
I have not seen that movie. What genre is it?
I do like Ben Affleck and his movies. Have you seen Gone Girl?
Good movie, the genre is more Thriller/Mystery, I think you'll like it.
He has written many books. Have you read The Martian or The Eggs.
Yes, he did release that in 2012 but I'm not sure who was in it.
Yes, it was written by Tony Akins and is considered a disaster film.
You might like Point of Origin or a Night to Remember. They are considered disaster films.
Enjoy!
Actually, I do. He won the BBC Young Sports Personality of the Year.
Yes his brother John is a midfielder.
His wife is Coleen Rooney. They also have one child named Kai.
welcome!
Oh yea, I would. Super 8 was written by J.J. Abrams. I don't know if you remember the show Lost, but it was huge, and it was well written. That was b y J.J. Abrams as well. Did you watch it?
Sure would. He created the drama thriller Alias, and I think that starred Jennifer Garner. He also directed Star Trek: Into the Darkness, which I would recommend if you like sci fi.
Of course, have fun watching them!
Powers Boothe starred in Hatfields and McCoys.
No, But Tom Berenger also starred in the movies
Am not sure he starred in Substitute
Among others, he wrote The Sacrilege: The Antichrist Takes the Throne, released in 2001.
Yes, the screenplay was written by Jerry Jenkins of Kalamazoo, Michigan.
you're welcome
A recommendation directed by Rupert Wyatt is Rise of the Planet of the Apes
You can find the Planet of the Apes series distributed by FilmFlex.
Sure, Lady Susan
Sure the actor that starred in Sexy Beast with Amanda Redman
Sure it is in the thriller genre. He also starred in Snow White and the Huntsman which is in the action and fantasy genre? Are you familiar with that movie?
You are welcome. Enjoy!
I Am Legend is written by Akiva Goldsman. Akiva Goldsman wrote The Client and Cinderella Man.
No but Akiva Goldsman starred in Hancock, an action film.
I don't have any information about that. I know Akiva Goldsman is also a producer though.
You're welcome.
Yes, it is written by William Weaver and Sean Barrett, it was release 1980
No, Whispers was released 2011.
Yes, Dean Koontz wrote Whispers.
He wrote and directed Ray. Have you seen that?
I believe Rick Gomez, but I'm not sure.
I do not. Sorry!
I would check out Into the Wild. Its really good starring Zach Galifianakis.
Yes
Her real name is Whitney Cua Her and she is best known for her role in Gran Torino
That's correct! Gran Torino was written by Nick Schenk.
Gran Torino was directed by the great Clint Eastwood.
I liked both the book and the movie.
Norton Juster wrote the novel and the film's screenplay was written by Sam Rosen and Chuck Jones.
It's considered a fantasy/adventure work, like The Sword and the Stone and The Storyteller.
No, I have not seen the movie. I did read the book though.
I'm not either, but I heard she is from Muradnagar
Sure. She plays with Suresh Raina and Sunil Gavaskar. Do you know if the team is any good?
Yes. He is from Mubai and is Hindu from what I understand
Kahili wrote the prophet, which is pose poetry.
Are you looking for more poetry?
Kahlil Gibran also wrote Broken Wings, did you know he was influenced by Nietzsche?
He was also influenced by William Blake, and he died in New York City.
The Historian is written by Elizabeth Kostova and has genre Suspense
Yes. It's a great movie. It also has genre Thriller. Are you into Thriller?
Well since you love thrillers. I think you should check out the The Hunger Games.
That's correct. I also suggest checking out Evil Under the Sun. Its really a good movie as well.
Sure, it is a great movie written by George Lucas, who directed Star Wars.
Yes! Have you see Star Wars: Episode I - The Phantom Menace?
Yes, what a thrilling movie!. What genre do you like?
He starred in Windtalkers and Blue Streak. Have you seen them?
The Bourne Identity is both a film and a book. Are you interested in information about either?
The Bourne Identity is a film released in 2002 starring Matt Damon.
Yes, it is a film starring Ashley Tisdale and Miley Cyrus. Did you know it has a sequel?
Yes, Miley Cyrus reprised her role along with Lucas Grabeel.
You're welcome.
Thats right! She starred alongside Marion Cotillard and Jessica Lange.
He was in Wild Bill, Welcome to the Punch and Vly.
That flim also starred Olivia Williams and Neil Maskell.
Jeff Bridges, Ellen Barkin, John Hurt and Diane Lane.
He was born in Putney.
She was in The Postman, The Man from Elysian Fields and Rushmore - have you seen any of these?
ok
I'm not sure how they are doing this year but they were the super bowl runner ups for XLIII
The Superbowl was at the Raymond James Stadium, but I believe they play out of many stadiums. Their home state of course is Arizona
I have not been to a cardinals game, but I have seen the RedSox and the Pirates
Yes, that was written by John Grisham.
Yes, he wrote a very popular film, The Firm.
Yes, John Grisholm wrote that movie and it was released in 2016.
You are welcome.
Sure, John Hughes wrote Home Alone. But he also starred in the older, hilarious movie Ferris Bueller's Day Off. Have you seen it?
She was. I think she's amazing! Did you see her in The Pompatus of Love?
I'm unsure of the genre. But Charlie Murphy is also in it, and he is hilarious!
Excellent, enjoy!
I don't know much about Cricket. Are you a fan?
I like those the best too, but I did read an interesting article about Peter May. He played cricket.
It said May was born in Reading, which is in the UK
Steven Gould wrote the book. I was adapted into a film and starred Hayden Christensen. Have you watched the movie?
It also stars Kristen Stewart. Do you like her?
Then you'll love her performance in Jumper!
Have a good one!
Sure! Rupert Wyatt directed The Gambler. IT is genre Science Fiction. Do you like Science Fiction Movies?
You might like, The Mask of Zorro, have you seen this one yet?
Sure, The Mask of Zorro is a Thriller, also directed by Rupert Wyatt.
It stars George Kennedy. Have you seen
Of course. Another good Sci-Fi movie is Ghostbusters. Have you seen this one?
Great! You might like The Awakening. It is also genre sci-fi and stars Joseph Mawle
Would you mind if I recommend something based on the author?
What about The Two Princesses of Bamarre?
I believe it did
No problem
She wrote great works such as Their Eyes were Watching God a great novel. Have you read it?
Novel and Fiction. Would you like to know more?
1937, it is a great classic and I recommend it.
Gravity is similar and is also a Thriller
Sandra Bullock
Yes. He is also a dancer.
Your welcome.
Yes, he is an athlete and plays golf. Do you like golf?
Yes, He played England national football team
Yes he did, he coached Italy national football team too.
I haven't heard anything about it
Not so much I prefer American football. Are you a big fan?
I like the Kansas City Chiefs , do you have a favorite team or do you prefer soccer?
Quantum of Solace stars Tim Pigott-Smith and Rory Kinnear.
Some other movies Tim Pigott-Smith starred in is V for Vendetta. What genre movie do you like?
Joseph Andrews is a romantic comedy film you might enjoy.
Hope you enjoy the movie!
Cornelia Funke wrote Inkheart, which was then turned into a movie. Do you enjoy films as well ?
It is in the Adventure category for genre and was released January of 2009.
You're welcome!
I'm a fan of their rivals the Baltimore Orioles. They did do a lot better than the Orioles last year. Have you been to Fenway Park?
Really? I had no idea the Redskins used Fenway Park. Wrigley Field is home of the Cubs right?
No I haven't. Aren't the Redskins coached by Jay Gruden?
That's my fave too! Do you like psychological thrillers or suspense?
Sure! Wicker Park is definitely a must watch. What Lies Beneath is a good one too. How about Untraceable?
It's a both a suspense and psychological thriller movie released in 2008. It starred Tyrone Giordano, Joseph Cross and Christopher Cousins to name a few.
Oh for sure, but I mostly appreciate her as an entrepeneur. She even owns the Miami Dolphins!
I'm not sure. Do you like the Dolphins? I love their coach Joe Philbin.
Oh really? I remember our player Vontae Davis having a great game last time we played the Titans.
roses are red
both are by james patterson
mystery adult fiction thrillers
kiss the girls, alex cross, jack and jill
it came out in 2008 and the genre is thriller mystery suspence
no problem anything else
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit and Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption. Do those sound interesting?
Do you like Seabuiscuit because it's about a horse?
You might also like Black Beauty. It's another horse novel from 1877.
Sure, the actress and producer. Would you like to know some of her work?
Yes, she starred in Saving Grace and Thirteen, which was a biographical film.
Sara Clarke. My favorite Holly Hunter movie is Raising Arizona.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I do not like American Football, Sometimes I watch tennis. Do you like tennis?
I like to play, but I am not good in it, but actually I enjoy playing it than watch
I never try playing a golf, I should try it
It was the same with me, but with the tennis
Yes, he wrote Pan's Labyrinth. Have you seen it?
War and Drama. Is that something you like?
You might also like Valkyrie or A Thin Red Line.
Absolutely!
Stephanie Sigman and Rory Kinnear both star in Spectre.
Yes of course, Micheal Bowen starred in Walking Tall and Valley Girl have you seen those?
Sure, Walking Tall is written by David Levien and David Klass starring Ryan Robbins and released in 2004
You're welcome you may like Final Destination 3 Patrick Gallagher is in that as well as Walking tall.
Do you like romance or futuristic adventure movies?
Then you might prefer Young Blood which is a romance.
Enjoy!
He wrote The Tragical Historie of Hamlet, Prince Of Denmark. Are you interested in old literature like that?
Technically William Shakespeare wrote it. So I would recommend Shakespeare's works to you. Perhaps Romeo & juliet?
MacBeth, King Lear, Othello would all be good reads.
You're welcome
Sure, Did you like it because you are a Matt Damon fan or because you like the drama genre?
I am. I remember reading To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee in high school. Matt Damon is also great!
Yeah, it was one of the best thriller films I have seen lately.
What's Up, Doc? and Wall Street: Money Never Sleeps both star Austin Pendleton. Have you seen those?
It also stars Ryan O'Neal and Randy Quaid.
You're welcome.
The Wraith is another thriller
Yes, randy quaide was also in Ice Harvest
Yes both of them Oliver was also in The Edge
She's a tennis player. I don't follow tennis, do you?
I am as well as her sister Serena WIlliams.
No I haven't seen it, who else stars in the movie?
Yeah sure, his one of the book is Think Like a Freak and other one seems interesting by name When to Rob a Bank
It is written by Tim Firth
wedding videos
He wrote Everything is Illuminated.
Elijah wood also stared in Revenge for Jolly so the two might be similar.
I believe so they are all adventure films like Deep Impact.
Justin Lin actually wrote and directed Better Luck Tomorrow. Have you seen this film?
Better Luck Tomorrow has a genre of Coming of age
Better Luck Tomorrow is stars Parry Shen, Jerry Mathers, and Jason Tobin.
Youre welcome! Enjoy!
Ann Brashares did The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants and The Second Summer of the Sisterhood. Do you like female coming of age stories?
As with most books that were turned into a movie, the book always gives more detail that offers a better understanding of the characters and their actions.
Great. I put this on you "To Read List." What are you still doing here? You have a book to read.
Yes. You should check out The Book of Life. Have you?
Correct. Withnail and I is a good example if you like that one!
I do very much! I like vampire, romance movie. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is the last and has parts 1 and 2.
Yes, the main cast consisted of Kristen Stewart, Robert Pattinson, and Taylor Lautner. I can say that it's geared towards younger audiences.
Of course! Newt Scamander wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
The book Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is included in the genre Speculative Fiction.
No problem, enjoy!
Sure, another great book written by this author is The Virgin Suicides
It
Virgin suicides is a fiction mystery that was released in 1993
Sure, Gone Girl and Murder on the Orient Express have very good ratings
Youre welcome!
Yes They starred in The Bounty Hunter and The Negotiator. Have you seen these?
Action Comedy and The Negotiator is a thriller suspense, both are really good movies and come highly remcommended. Kevin Spacey stars in the Negotiator
Absolutely, Enjoy
George Cruikshank wrote the novel Oliver Twist. Have you heard of it?
Charles Dickens is one of my favorites. Did you know he wrote Great Expectations?
Oh, yes it is a phenomenal fiction book containing social criticism. Very interesting.
You got it
Sure Kristen Dunt starred in Upside Down a Science Fiction Film. Do you like Sci-Fi?
Yes, Interstellar and The Martian are good Sci-Fi movies.
Matt Damon was a notable character released in 2015
It's written by Stephen King, are you familiar with him?
It is! It's a really scary movie, in my opinion. He also wrote The Stand, which is starring Tom Holland and Rob Lowe. Have you seen that one?
Sure, she starred in Nikita and If These Walls Could Talk. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, What Lies Beneath, When a Stranger Calls, and Vanilla Sky are all thrillers
Sure. It is released in 2006 and about a babysitter, a high-school student is harassed by an increasingly threatening prank caller.
Cool, enjoy your weekend!
Do you like the genre or the author, Robert Thompson?
The Godfather was made into a series of movies, I think you would enjoy them if you haven't seen them.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure. Do you like Historical Period Drama?
Here are some movies starring Tom Hanks : Castaway, Sully, and Saving Private Ryan.
Are you at all a fan of Sofia Coppola?
Well if you liked Somewhere might I recommend you watch Peggy Sue Got Married?
That is true, since Cage is a Coppola it makes sense that he would work with Sofia. If you like Cage check out Sorcerer's Apprentice.
You are welcome, enjoy the film.
I can tell you that this is a speculative fiction work, written by Orson Scott Card.
Ok, I see Zoe's Tale and another one called Xenocide.
I cannot locate that fact but can tell you the the next in that series ws The Last Coilony
Well I know that he''s a tennis player from Switzerland. That's about all I know of him
Not really. I like to play much better than watch. I'm more of a fan of winter sports
I don't have a team, I just like to participate
The Ravens have qualified for the NFL playoffs ten times since 2000, with two Super Bowl victories (Super Bowl XXXV and Super Bowl XLVII), two AFC Championship titles (2000 and 2012), 15 playoff victories, four AFC Championship game appearances .
The 2018 season is the Baltimore Ravens' 23rd season in the National Football League and their 11th under head coach John Harbaugh. On October 14, 2018, the Ravens set a franchise record sacking Titans quarterback Marcus Mariota 11 times in a 21–0 Week 6 win against the Tennessee Titans.
You are welcome
Sure! Some of his more popular movies are Bruce Almighty, Evan Almighty, and The Nutty Professor. Do you like his work?
The Nutty Profesor Stars James Coburn, Jada Pinkett Smith and Larry Miller
Are you a fan of hers? She has been in quite a few movies. She has been in comedies like Bad Moms, Bamboozeled and movies like Ali.
Absolutely! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, Robert Lewandowski is from Poland and he is a forward did you know that?
Sure, it is a thriller starring Jason Statham. Do you like thrillers or Jason Statham?
He starred in The Italian Job, Wild Card, War, Transporter series and The Pink Panther which is a comedy. Have you seen any of these?
It is an action thriller movie released in 2015
Sure, added it to your watch list. Enjoy the movie!
Sure Dead Poets Society is a Teen Drama film, and Holy Man and 8 Heads in a Duffel Bag are similar and written by Tom Schulman as well.
My favorites are The Notebook and Safe Haven. They were all written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you have any other favorites?
Yes, Catch-22, Hairspray, Hollyoaks and Who Lives at Home are all dramas.
Fiona Stafford wrote Emma, a romance novel.
It is a classic drama and the next in series is Northanger Abbey.
It was released in 2012. Do yo ulike classic dramas?
Wings of Desire and Women in Love are good ones as well.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
X-Men: The Last Stand, Tower Heist, The Family Man, Rush Hour 3, Rush Hour 2 and Rush Hour are some of the films he directed. Is there anything else you require?
Last Stand is starring Hugh Jackman, Daniel Cudmore and has a genre Thriller, Sci-Fi and Fantasy.
She also has starred in The Last Stand
Thriller, Sci-Fi, Fantasy, Adventure, and Action are the genres of the film and I guess it is a real entertainer.
There is X-Men (Thriller Film) starring Hugh Jackman. Is there anything else I can help with?
Would you like to order any of the films mentioned?
The Man in the High Castle comes highly recommended.
It can be considered a sci-fi thriller.
1962.
You're welcome.
Blood Promise is written by Richelle Mead. That book was part of a series of books called Vampire Academy
Seeing that Blood Promise was the fourth book in the series, the next book in the series was Spirit Bound
No problem. Richelle Mead also wrote Georgina Kincaid series, Bloodlines series and the Dark Swan series.
I think she is an Athlete
Wow! I don't know much about Ski sports. Do you like this sport?
I like NFL, Cricket, Tennis. Which sports do you like?
The Picture of Dorian Gray is a speculative fiction written by Oscar Wilde. Do you like speculative fiction?
He also wrote The Importance of Being Earnest. Have you heard of it?
It is a farce comedy. It was turned into a movie that starred Reese Witherspoon.
If you liked Waiting to Exhale, then I definitely recommend seeing The Importance of Being Earnest.
Are you referring to Ed Stoppard who starred in The Pianist?
He also starred in The Little Vampire, Nanny McPhee and the Big Bang! Have yo seen any of those?
The Little Vampire also starred Alice Krige and has a genre of United Kingdom!
Great! I hope you enjoy!
You may like the movie Merlin it is Action movie staring Helena an actor in Fight club
Bonham Carter
No Problemoo
Do you like war films?
Well, then I would suggest Zero Dark Thirty and The Hurt Locker. Would you like to know more about either movie?
It also stars Jessica Chastain and Chris Pratt. The film is about the hunt for Osama Bin Laden
Have a good one
Sure, it is starring Robert Downey Jr.and falls into the thriller genre. Do you like those types of movies?
Okay, Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt is a great thriller everyone has been talking about lately. Have you seen it?
Sure, I can tell you that Joel David Moore and Joshua Leonard were also in it.
Great, enjoy.
Oh yes! He was in The Hobbit Triology! Did you know he also played Ice Hockey?
I'm not sure what role he played, I'm sorry.
Well, the movie was directed by Peter Jackson. His co-stars were Aidan Turner and James Nesbitt.
Peter Jackson was the director of all three of The Hobbit films.
Absolutely! He's one of my favorites! He directed King Kong, The Lovely Bones and Heavenly Creatures. He also directed all of The Lord of the Rings movies.
No problem! Enjoy with some candy and popcorn and make sure not to steal Smaug's gold!
Sure thing. Dragons get dangerous when guarding their treasure. Ha!
X-Men: First Class has genre Action. so you like actions movies correct?
Zoom is a great movie it was released in 2006. you will enjoy it.
You, Me and Dupree has genre Comedy so if you are into comedies than this movie is a must watch.
You are welcome.
Night Watch was directed by Timur Bekmambetov and written by Sergei Lukyanenko.
It's a Russian urban fantasy supernatural thriller. Would you like a more popular film?
The movie, Profile, gives a modern twist to the thriller genre.
It stars Amy Whitaker and Christine Adams.
He plays for the Colombia soccer team FC Porto. Do you like soccer?
The Team is coached by Jose Mourinho. Do you have a favorite team?
I see, I prefer American Football or baseball. What other sports do you like?
A little bit, I know he wrote the comedy-drama film, Pleasantville.
Tobey Maguire is probably the most notable but William Macy and Joan Allen also starred.
Tobey Maguire played Spiderman a few times. He was also in Boss Baby and Brothers.
Are you looking for more books by Stephen King or in the general Speculative fiction/horror genre?
Dracula is always a classic for horror! Have you read that one by Bram Stoker?
The Haunting of Hill House by Shirley Jackson, IT by Stephen King, and Hell House by Richard Matheson are a few of my favorites.
Yes Ray Winstone starred in Zipper, Tracker and The War Zone. Have you heard of any of these?
Well Zipper is also starring Elena Satine and Alexandra Breckenridge. It's has a Thriller/Drama genre. It was released in 2015.
She stars in She's the Man, Rings and Orange County. Do any of those sound familar?
Yes it is! He is funny! He was in The Truth About Cats & Dogs and The Cable Guy. Very funny!
You are welcome! Enjoy.
He is a German screenwriter and author. He has written Das Parfum
Do you read German? If so you can read a number of his works.
I'm sure you would enjoy it.
You're welcome
Oh yes! Misery was written by Stephen King. It's a great thriller that also became a movie, starring Rob Reiner. Have you seen it?
Yes, The Stand was a great horror, also a film. Another similar film is Creepshow. Have you seen it?
I don't believe it's a comedy. It's considered a horror cult film. Joe Hill stars in it.
Yes! The Fury is a great psychological- horror thriller, and was directed by Frank Yablans. Have you seen it?
Enjoy!
Sure, try The Giver or Son (also known as, The Giver, #4) those are a couple of my favorites.
That's a great question, the genres are; utopian and dystopian fiction. Less popular genres for sure; is there anything else I can help you with?
Well are the Hunger Games or the Handmaid's Tale your jam?
Yes, that stars Jesse Williams! Have you seen the movie?
It is a mystery that also starred Kristin Connelly. Does it sound like a movie that you would be interested in?
I am not certain, but I do know that Rob Marshall directed Chicago if you are looking for some of his work.
Ok, great! I think you will enjoy it.
Do you like Fast Five because its an Action movie?
Cool! The sequel to Fast Five is Fast & Furious which is another good one
Sure, Fast Five is starring Paul Walker. Paul Walker also starred in Joy Ride which is a good one
Paul Walker also starred in The Skulls have you seen that movie yet?
Certainly. It was written by the incredible Neil Gaiman. It came out in 1999.
He's had a prolific writing career. Some of his most well-known works include Neverwhere and Marvel 1602.
It's a sci-fi miniseries.Does that interest you?
I'm so glad to assist.
The actor born in Mumbai. Yes he is a good actor.
He starred in Slumdog Millionaire is the only movie I am familiar with. Have you seen this movie?
Angela Molina is also another good actor. Enjoy
He has some great ones. Have you seen Moneyball or Capote?
Steve Zaillian wrote Moneyball. It starred Brad Pitt along with Tammy Blanchard. It's a really good movie!
I believe it is a sports movie like Resurrecting the Champ.
It is a Speculative fiction book and The Two Princesses of Bamarre is a similar book.
Zoe's Tale is a great read.
What about Z for Zachariah or Xenocide.
Yes, I have The Story of Doctor Dolittle which is written by Michael Hague
The Voyages of Doctor Dolittle is another one by him and I don't have any information on his nationality.
It was released in 1904.
Yup, they are both reference books.
Welcome.
Delroy Lindo has starred in some great movies like This Christmas. Which one is your favorite?
Yes that is a good one. Do you like his action movies like Gone in 60 seconds?
If you like Thriller movies, The Last Castle is a good one that he was in.
Yes he is in that movie.
Yes. Delroy Lindo was in that one as well. Do you like him in movies like Crooklyn or more in action movies?
You're welcome!
500 Days of Summer is a romantic comedy, and stars Zooey Deschanel, Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Chloe Grace Moretz. Do you want another film with one of those actors, or another romcom suggestion?
Annie Hall is an award-winning romantic comedy starring Paul Simon.
You're welcome. Can I help with anything else?
She is most known for her novel, "The God of Small Things'. Have you read that one ?
Dani Alves is a Brazilan footbal player.
Sure, you can try the Shadow of the Hegemon
Yes, you can try Shadow of the Giant it was also written by him
Would you be interested in reading Candide?
No, it's not.
No, it's musical theater released in 1759.
Stormfront is written by Jim Butcher and in the genre of Science Fiction. Do you like science fiction?
Jim Butcher also wrote Summer Knight. It is also science fiction.
Jim Butcher also wrote grave peril and fool moon. They too are science fiction.
Roy Kinnear starred in Spectre and Wild Target. Heard of either of those?
Wild Target is written by Pierre Salvadori and is in the comedy genre.
Rupert Everett did. He also starred in Inspector Gadgett.
Good. I hope you enjoy it.
If you have not read it yet, Im Westen nichts Neues, might be something you will enjoy.
It came out in 1929, the same year as The Sound and the Fury.
Yes, it was. Quite a popular year.
Yes I do. He was TV series such as Reno 911, Lethal Weapon (plays Leo Getz, an attorney), and also a new version of the Odd Couple. He wrote the screenplay for Night at the Museum
Yes I have. It features Ben Stiller as a security guard in a museum that comes to life at night. It also featured the late Robin Williams as Theodore Roosevelt.
Yes I do. Night of the Museum was released in 2006. There were two sequels to Night at the Museum. They are the Battle of the Smithsonian and The Secret of the Tomb
Sure thing!
Lost in Translation was directed by Sofia Coppola. She also produced the film, which stars Bill Murray and Scarlett Johansson.
Sure, Sofia Coppola has worked on a lot of movies. Check out Somewhere, starring Laura Ramsey, or Fog City Mavericks.
Hmm, I'm not sure. Would you like to learn more about Somewhere, or some other black comedies?
Somewhere also stars Nathalie Fay, Eliza Coupe, and Chris Pontius.
Glad I could help!
Sure! Tuesdays with Morrie is another great book with the same philosophy genre
Utilitarianish by John Stuart Mill, and Through Gates of Splendor are both great options
Sorry I don't have that information right now, is there anything else I can help you with?
youre welcome
Sure! That's a great movie and also really sad. It was written by Thomas McCarthly and Pete Docter.
Yes, he also wrote The Station Agent. Have you seen that one? It stars Peter Dinklage from Game of Thrones.
You're welcome!
He is an actor. You might know him from the movies True Romance, or perhaps The Funeral.
Yes he was, he played alongside Samuel L. Jackson in that!
George and the Dragon and Top Secret! are other titles starring Kilmer.
Glad I could help, enjoy them!
Louis Leterrier had directed many great films. Some of my favorites are Now you see me, Unleashed, The Transporter, and Transporter 2. Have you seen any of these?
Night Circus was released in 2011. Its genre is fantasy. Are you interested in other works of fantasy?
Oh yes, he is very famous for being the author of Le Petit Prince.
Another author of it was Richard Howard. Do you want to know more about him?
Yes he was, and also a poet! Les Fleurs du mal is another book by him.
He wrote The Prince and II Principe, The Prince is in the Non-Fiction genre.
I do not see that he was a poet but Kiera Cass I see help write his books
I do not see that he was a poet but Kiera Cass I see help write his books
He was an Italian Diplomat from the 15th century, from Florence Italy
Absolutely, have a great day
I like Lovie Smith. He used to coach my team, the Bears. I was sad we lost him.
I did not know that! My favorite linebacker has got to be Brian Urlacher. He's a beast!
Yes, he did. So did Mike Singletary. Chicago knows their defense!
Sure, he's playing soccer in the Premier League for Manchester City. He was a bit injured so he did not play last game.
Platt was a good coach for them back in 2011. He was in the FA Cup final too. Who is your favorite team?
Me too. I enjoy the NFL and I am a Redskins fan. How about you?
Hard to find something like that book but there is on called Till we have faces.
They're both Speculative fiction
It's not a children's book. Way too scary!
I think they are pretty talented, but my all time favorite player is Michael Jordan.
Yes, Bill Murray was hilarious. I loved him in Groundhog Day and Caddyshack.
Was he in Ghostbusters? Wow, that's cool. I think that was a comedy, right?
That sounds like a good movie, I'm going to check it out.
That's by Cassandra Clare, and part of the Mortal Instruments series.
In addition to the Mortal Instruments series, she also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex, and the Clockwork series.
You're welcome. Since you seem to like Cassandra Clare, you might also be interested to know that The Mortal Instruments books inspired both a movie and a TV show.
Fried Green Tomatoes at the Whistle Stop Cafe is written by Fannie Flagg. Fannie Flagg wrote Welcome to the World, Baby Girl!
Yes she did and also The All-Girl Filling Station's Last Reunion
I think it in the Humour, Historical Fiction, Domestic Fiction, Humorous Fiction genre
your welcome
It stars actor Barinholtz. Have you seen Neighbors 2: Sorority Rising
It's a Sci-Fi, some movies are Wild Wild West and Under the Skin
Yes, Will Smith is a wonderful actor. The Pursuit of Happyness is his famous movie
Cool, you should check out Seven Pounds
Yes, in fact she has done good work in Zookeeper.
Yes, it is a comedy movie, I loved it.
I have not seen it yet. May be i'll watch it later
Yes, M.L. Stedan wrote The Light Between Oceans which was released in 2012.
It is a great example of Historical Fiction.
You might like My Blood Approves by Amanda Hocking.
My pleasure. Can I help you with anything?
Have a nice day!
She was in The Sitter and Sex in the City.
Whatever Works and The Grey Zone. Have you seen either one of those?
Whatever Works is written by Woody Allen who is great. Especailly if you like Comedy.
I love it! Starring Matt Damon, Brad Pitt, Julie Roberts and George Clooney, genre Crime Fiction and Thriller.
Yes she did and was pretty awesome. The Player was written by Tim Robbins!
It is written by Jesse Nelson and is genre romantic drama.
Sure! Under the Tuscan Sun is written by Frances Mayes, who also wrote Bella Tuscany.
I'm not sure but it came out in 1999.
You're very welcome!
I have not seen the movie but i think it is action thriller
Yeah its written by Robert Ludlum , can you suggest any other action thriller movie?
Thanks for the info
which genre movie you like the most
Do you like The Tales of Beedle the Bard because it was written by J.K. Rowling, or because it is a Fairy Tale?
JK Rowland wrote Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, which is also a Fantasy. Would you like to read that?4
Very Good Lives: The Fringe Benefits of Failure and the Importance of Imagination, was written by JK Rowland.
Excellent, Enjoy!
Manchester City F.C is a Football League Second Division coached by David Platt
Looks like he plays for Leicester City F.C.
they play in King Power Stadium
Sure! Gus Van Sant wrote the hit Film, Paris, je t'aime. It is genre Drama and stars Natalie Portman and Barbet Schroeder. Have you seen it?
Natalie Portman also starred in Star Wars: Episode I - The Phantom Menace. Have you seen it?
Yes! Natalie Portman starred in Hesher along side Joseph Gordon-Levitt. Another good Comedy Film she stars in is Zoolander. Have you seen this one?
Sure! Another good Natalie Portman film you might like is The Armenian Genocide. Have you seen this one yet?
Sure! You may also want to check out her latest movie Paris, je t'aime
I don't know how well that basketball team is doing this year. I think its pretty cool that Jay-Z owns it along with Bruce Ratner.
The Milwaukee Bucks are my favorite team.
Pretty good actually but I liked it better when Jason Kidd was the coach.
Was this book written by Stephen King?
Of course I love thrillers. How about The Stand? Have you heard of this one?
Any book written by Stephen King is alright.
Were you aware that Stephen King starred in the movie Sleepwalkers?
Yeah, as a matter of fact I do. Do you wish to hear more of Clive Barker?
Glad to be of help
Yes! I like Thrillers with Nicolas Cage and Michael Douglas, they are a good team!
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a very successful one It is a Fantasy Film.
It was released in 2010.
Sure, The Secret is a Documentary Film do you like those?
Sure, Yes " The Secret" is a by Rhonda Byrne would you like other names?
Of course, she also wrote The Magic which is (The Secret, #2), have you read that?
Of course and The secret is produced by Paul Harrington.
David Ayer wrote Harsh Times starring J.K. Simmons. HE also wrote End Of Watch starring Anna Kendrick. Have you seen those?
Megamind was written by Tom McGrath and Arthur C. Clarke. Are you familiar with these writers?
Yes, he did. Tom McGrath also starred in Merry Madagascar. Have you seen it?
You're welcome,, enjoy!
It is a Sport Drama, would you like to hear about those kind of movies?
That is a great movie too! I recommend The Longest Yard and The Blind Side, have you seen those?
Yes he is in that. You might have seen him too in the Football movie The Waterboy.
Oh yes, he is in a lot. I especially like Jack & Jill.
Yes, he directed Cutthroat Island, The Long Kiss Goodnight, and Mindhunters.
Yes, if you like Val Kilmer you might want to check out The Saint or Trombstone great movies.
No problem! Enjoy!
I'm actually not familiar with him but I believe he is an athlete
Are you a fan of tennis?
Oh wow he must be very good then! I don't ever really watch tennis
World War Z and Twenty Thousand Leagues under the Sea are both adventure films.
The Matrix was directed by Andy Wachowski. Do you want other films that he directed?
You might like the movie, "Bound". Andy Wachowski also produced V for Vendetta.
You might be interested in The Matrix Revisited.
Yes, he wrote Requiem for a Dream. That movie is strange.
I think it is about recreational drug dealing and use.
Mark Margolis, Ellen Burstyn, and Dylan Baker. Do you like movies like this?
You're welcome. Do you think you'd watch it?
Definitely! That's a great book by Maria Semple. Do you like her?
She is a screenwriter, television producer, and she produced Mad About You.
Helen Hunt and Paul Reiser were both hilarious in that show, thanks in part to Semple.
It was on for 7 years from 1992 to 1999.
Sure will!
A movie similar to Peter Craig's The Town would be Vertical Limit. Have you seen this thriller?
It stars Chris O'donnell. It was released in 2000. It is a little older but still good.
I hope you enjoy it!
He wrote Truman Capote
The means war is similar one
i dont have information about that
Thank You
Yes, sure The Mystery of the Blue Train and Gone girl is a great example. Do you like it because it is suspense?
Yes i guess The Murder of Roger Ackroyd and The Big Four is next in series. Fiction and mystery is the genre
Do you want any more information ? have you read Thirteen Reasons Why?
Jay Asheris the writer and it is a young adult novel and about a young high school student as she descends into despair brought on by betrayal and bullying, culminating with her suicide. She details the thirteen reasons why in an audio diary which is mailed to a friend two weeks after her death.
Yes , it is on netflix too and you can watch the whole season. Highly recommended!
Sure, Paul Weitz wrote In Good Company, American Dreamz and Beying Flynn. What kind of movies do you like?
Yes, he co-wrote the movie Antz and the Nutty Professor II. A more recent film of his is Grandma.
Yes it is. It's an animated movie. I have seen it and it is wonderful if you have small kids.
Great! Enjoy!
Sure, he wrote The Sum of All Fears which was made into an action film.
It is a dramatic, suspenseful, thriller. Are you a fan of these genre?
Sure, The Howling, The Crucible and The Golden Compass fit that category. Have you see those?
I think you will enjoy them.
Sorry I don't follow, national football. Is that a team?
Yeah there has, I watch allot of ESPN and have heard allot Ronaldhino he is on the Brazilian Team
Ha Ha, Bend it Like Beckham. No I have not seen it, but I like the title.
I do! I love that he's not only a singer/songwriter, but also plays guitar. Do you know many of his songs?
HAHAHA, that's funny. My brother actually plays, pretty successfully ;-) I love old school guitar players, like Prince and Teena Maria. Do you like that music?
He actually plays both. He was in a couple different bands that covered stuff from The Joshua Tree all the way to The Beach Boys.
I don't know too much about him honestly. I know he plays with the Real Madrid C.F and is married to Gelsen Kirchen
He's a midfielder, right? I like to watch the Championships. I don't get into soccer until then. I can't say I'm a true fan.
I will have to watch them. I think soccer deserves a shot, it's a good sport, very under rated.
James Cameron also write Avatar would you like that movie
James Cameron edited and produced Avatar is is also coming out with Avetar 2. Decaprio is in Titanic would you like am ovie he is in?
YOu are welcome
Its anybodys call,just hope they aren't runner ups again
I really couldnt say but he is a good quaterback
The Shining was written by Stephen King starring Shelley Duvall and is a Horror film. You like this movie?
Stephen King also wrote The Mist, The Lawnmower man, and Pet Sematary all Horror films. Recommend these for your liking
absolutely, Enjoy
Up in the Air was written by Walter Kirn and it stars Zach Galifianakis
He also wrote Thumbsucker
No. Up in the Air is a romantic comedy and Thumbsucker is a coming of age indie film
i love football. they are a pretty good team. what other teams do you like
jacksonville jaguars are an awesome team. my favorite are the steelers. have you ever seen a game live?
no but that does sound fun. i cant wait for the super bowl this spring. who do you think will be in it?
it would be nice if the steelers won but im not holding my breath. what was your favorite super bowl?
that was a good game. who is your fav player?
Mission: Impossible - Rogue Nation stars Tom Cruise and Sean Harris. Are you interested in movies starring either actors ?
Vanilla Sky is written by Mateo Gil, Cameron Crowe and Alejandro. Another great Tom Cruise movie is Risky Business that was released in 1983.
You're welcome, hope you enjoy that one!
You may enjoy Of Mice and Men written by John Steinbeck. Have you read this?
I don't know him too well. If i remember correctly he plays football.
I like football movies more than football. Haha. I loved the the movie Remember the Titans with Ryan Gosling.
It's a football movie. It's kind of dramatic too.
Chris Penn have starred in True Romance, The Wild Life, The Funeral, Stealing Harvard and more. Are you interested in any of these movies?
Yes. He have starred in the movie Reservoir Dogs written by Quentin Tarantino. Do you like this movie?
Harvey Keitel and Tim Roth have starred along Chris Penn in this movie.
Great ! Enjoy the movie.
I don't pay too much attention to basketball. They are the ones that drafted Tim Hardaway?
I live in the Philadelphia area so it's kinda required that I follow the Eagles. What do you think about them this year?
Yes, they are not playing nearly as well. They traded a bunch of players after the Superbowl win. I think last week was the start of a turnaround though. What's your number one pick for this season?
Yes! Do you like the book because it is written by John Grisham or because the genre is a thriller?
A couple I can recommend are; Presumed Innocent and Everywhere That Mary Went. Do these interest you?
Presumed Innocent was written by Scott Turow. It was released in 1986.
Yes , he is was one of my favorites!
Yes, it's very relatable! I liked the movie he starred in 8 Mile!
No, I didn't know that. He has great acting skills for sure!
Sure, It's a well-know book written by Oscar Wilde. Do you like this author?
Not Sure!
Wilde and I would recommend to read The Picture of Dorian Gray.
He starred in Tangled.
He also directed Big Hero as well
Glad to be of help
Yes, written by J.K. Rowling.
yes, do you know who Influenced Stephen King?
H.P. Lovecraft is his name.
Yes, but with a bit more of a sci-fi twist.
Your welcome
I believe she is most well known for writing Little Women. But she also wrote Good Wives, Jo's Boys, and How They Turned Out: A Sequel to "Little Men"
You are correct it does take place in Massachusetts. It's loosely based on the town Concord. Are you interested in this book. Another possible similar book in New England is Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm.
Yes, you're absolutely correct. If you're interested in Louisa May Alcott still she has other books. Another one is Rose in Bloom, also set in New England and it falls in the Children's literature genre.
I don't know too much but I believe he is the brother of soccer midfielder John Rooney
I believe he's number 8 but not sure it was for the England team
Glad I knew a little something to help
Sorry, I do not know any.
Sure, Rita Moreno, Sofa Vergara and Demián Bichir.
Ok, Rita Moreno has had a thriving acting career for the better part of six decades. One of the very few performers (and the very first) to win an Oscar, an Emmy, a Tony and a Grammy, she was born Rosita Dolores Alvero in Humacao, Puerto Rico, on December 11, 1931.
You are welcome. Do you need anything else?
Have a good day!
Absolutely. He directed Fool's Gold. It's a thriller. Are you in to that genre?
Have you seen Mud. It's a thriller starring Matthew McConaughey.
You're welcome.
I am not a big fan of New York Giants of American Football
I like Tennis, do you like it and if you do, what is your favorite player?
i like Grigor Dimitrov, do you know him?
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, Parts One and Two is a popular one by John Tiffany.
The Ipcress File is another one to check out.
Harry Saltzman is one of the people in it.
Your welcome.
Yes, I do. Twilight has been written by several authors. Which one are you looking for?
Yes, I do have it. Would you like to buy it?
Yes, it was written by Paula McLain In 2011. Do you like Fiction works?
She wrote The Paris Wife and Circling the Sun.
You might be interested in Disease with this Risk Factor.
My pleasure. If there is anything I can help with at a later date please let me know.
Sure, do you like fiction? She wrote Tuesdays with Morrie, have you read it?
I loved that movie. It was in released in 2005. Wasn't it produced by Teddy Zee?
I agree. That was the same year another movie was released. I love Aeon Flux starring Charlize Theron. Have you seen it?
It is a SciFi and Animation film.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
I know they haven't had a really strong season for a long while. Did you know the last time they won the Super Bowl was Super Bowl XVIII?
They are another team that has struggled in recent years. They haven't won a championship since Super Bowl XXVI. Did you know that was the only time they won one?
No problem, I like NFL history.
I think her "friendships" dictate that.
Wow! Her romances are interesting too. She's got a list of movies - Lorax, Valentine's Day
You ever see Valentine's Day?
Terminator 2: Judgement Day starring Epatha Merkerson, Joe Morton. and Jenette Goldstein was released in 1991
This movie has genres Sci-Fi and action.
Annihilation is a Sci-Fi movie which was released this year. Have you seen it?
Natalie Portman plays the leading role in this film.
Great! I hope you enjoy.
Sure thing! It
Of Course, he was great in that movie. Another good movie with him is Minority Report. By the way, did you know he used to date Cher?
Have you seen Rain Man or Risky Business? Two other great examples of Cruise movies.
Great! Well then you should really watch Rain Man.
Glad I could help.
Delroy Lindo starred in This Christmas. It also stars Mekhi Phifer. Considered a romance,drama. Is that something you are interested in?
She also starred in This Christmas . She is also in Why did I get Married and Why Did I Get Married Too?
Tyler Perry . Do you like his movies?
I believe it has a comedy-drama genre.
Your welcome.
Herman Hesse is a German author, musician and poet. He wrote Siddhartha.
Siddhartha is a Fiction book released in 1922. If you enjoyed Siddhartha, you might enjoy Rabbit is Rich and Fatherland as well.
Yes Fatherland is fiction. There are other quite a few fiction novels out there.
Ma Long is a table tennis athlete.
He is from nshan, China.
Vespers Rising is a very nice book to try.
It was written by Rick Riordan.
He wrote The Lightning Thief: The Graphic Novel and The Titan's Curse.
My pleasure.
He's the greatest player ever. I knew it as soon as he made the NBA All-Rookie Team
I'm not sure. But, didn't Stephen Curry go to Indiana State University
I'm not sure. But, I saw him with Zach Randolph the other day.
He directed Tangled
Tangles was released in 2010
The movie starred Mandy Moore
His music is OK, but I guess I know him more because of him dating Selena Gomez. Do you like him?
So true, it's been tough to watch! I had no clue he was in Men in Black 3 with Will Smith! Did you know that?
Guess he wasn't that memorable ha ;). I never saw it even though I do really like Will Smith movies. I loved the Pursuit of Happyness with his son Jaden. Did you see that?
He was totally so cute in that movie!
Yes, he is in Uruguay national football team
No, did they win> Is it the women's team that went to olympics?
OK. I like tennis though.
Forrest Gump is a comedy. Do you prefer comedies?
You might enjoy What's eating Gilbert Grape. Its both a comedy and somewhat of historical fiction.
Yes, written by Ken Kesey
James Duval starred in Toxic (Action/Adventure Film)
Toxic (Action/Adventure Film) is starring James Duval. James Duval starred in Gone in 60 Seconds
Master P also starred in it.
He's been in so many. He starred in The Aviator and What's Eating Gilbert Grape. Do you like biographical movies like the first one?
It was directed by Martin Scorsese who also had a role in it as an actor.
Yes, he starred in it.Two others that DiCaprio was in that are biographies are J Edgar and Catch Me if You Can. I think you'd enjoy any of them.
Enjoy!
Shawn Levy directed Real Steel and is written by Jeremy Leven
Miguel Sandoval starred in Real Steel with Torey Michael Adkins.
Yes that's true. Olga Fonda also starred in Crazy, Stupid, Love. Have you seen it?
sure. I hope you enjoy.
Yes, because Tom Wilkinson is starring in The Grand Budapest Hotel. Do you like Tom Wilkinson?
Yes, it is awesome drama and biography movie.
Thank you for your recommendation, I will watch The Manchurian Candidate. I am Sure that I will like it because it is drama and thriller movie.
Thank you. Have a wonderful night.
He wrote The Nannie Diaries. Have you heard of it?
yes, she also starred in The Bourne Legacy. Love that film!
If you like thriller mystery you might try Violets are Blue.
The Wimpy Kid movie Diary is similar.
What about Hangover Part II?
Yes it was written by Ernest Hemingway! He's a great writer! This book was also released in 1940.
Yes it was released in 1937.
Yes, sounds that for sure! Think and Grow Rich was also released in 1937 as well.
Yes, sounds that for sure! Think and Grow Rich was also released in 1937 as well.
Yes, Isaiah Thomas was a great basketball player and played as a point guard.
Yes, you are absolutely right. The movies has genre science fiction and animation.
Yes, I saw that movie and it was really interesting and also the Cloverfield is a great action/adventure film.
He plays cricket for the India National Team and Chennai Super Kings.
Which? The national team or the Super Kings?
Blue and yellow.
Mansfield Park was a very good read.
Pride and the Prejudice is a good one.
Elizabeth Bennett, Fitzwilliam Darcy, and Mr. Bennett are key characters.
You're welcome.
I know of few pieces of his work but I am not really a fan. Have you heard of Romeo and Juliet?
Nothing too similar to it. I would say The Tempest is the closest, it is a comedy-drama.
Okay, enjoy!
Yes, of course. He wrote some books called Valis and Ubik among others. Is that one of your favorite writers?
Sure, I can name another. He also wrote A Scanner Darkly. This one comes highly recommended. I think you will definitely enjoy it.
Yes. Its a Dystopian book filled with drama.
Glad to assist!
He was in V for Vendetta and A room With A View in 1985.
Definitely, he wrote The Time Machine, Northanger Abbey and The Invisible Man. Would either of those interest you?
The Time Machine was released in 1968. The same year The Invisible Man, which was also written by him came out.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I know that this book Daughter of Smoke & Bone, was written by Laini Taylor. It was released in the year 2011
She sure did. Did you also know that she wrote My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories?
Speaking of Stephanie Perkins, I'll know you'll love this book. It's called Lola and the Boy Next Door
Is there coach Pete Carroll?
Ok yeah the team is doing okay this year.
Is this your favorite team?
I can! Are you a fan of thrillers?
Me too! Another great thriller is What the Night Knows. I highly recommend it.
Okay. I hope you like it.
Are you looking for Comedy, or Crime movies directed by Guy Ritchie?
Snatch is a comedy, and is Driected, written by, and starring Guy Ritchie
Do you like Ed Harris or Jim Carrey?
If you like Ed Harris then you are in for a treat, Truman Show is an exciting blast of a film.
Yes he did direct Pollock. He also directed Appaloosa.
You are welcome enjoy the film.
Okay, two that come to mind are Cowbell and Celesta.
I cannot recall the names but I know she won an award for Song of the Year.
U2 comes to mind, a rock band that won one year recently.
Guillermo del Toro directed Hellboy released in 2004.
Certainly! That author has written V for Vendetta,
In a future British tyranny, a shadowy freedom fighter, known only by the alias of "V", plots to overthrow it with the help of a young woman.
It was made into a 2005 political thriller film starring Hugo Weaving and Nathalie Portman.
This novel could fall under the genre of Political Thriller and also Mystery.
The movie was produced by Lana Wachowski and Joel Silver.
My pleasure!
I do not like them much, but I know that they are coached by Mike Tomlin and the team is in the National Football League
I do not have any information about where is he born
The same Steve James that produced Hoop Dreams?
Yes Kazuo Ishiguro wrote Never Let Me Go
Never Let Me Go is in the genre Science Fiction
I was directed by Mark Romanek
I am not sure it looks like Mark Romanek directed other movies to like Bee Season
Your welcome
Well I'd say Oblivion or Code 46.
The main character is the hero also recognized as the Savior of Bruma.
I know kind of crazy, right? Is there anything else I can help you with?
Your welcome.
I enjoy science fiction but Ridley Scott's movies aren't my favorites. Do you enjoy his movies?
Promeetheus? It was a good sci-fi movie.
She was also in The Help. It's not science fiction but it was a good movie.
You're welcome!
Of course, C.S. wrote that one and also wrote The Weight of Glory, for example.
Fantasy seems to come up
Sure. I would recommend Little Earthquakes, Girls Night In and Best Friends Forever.
They are in the romantic style of books.
Jennifer Weiner wrote the book Little Earthquakes. She also wrote Good in Bed and Girls Night In.
No problem. Glad to help.
Yes he wrote many pieces including Les Fleurs du mal and Le Petit Prince.
Les Fleurs du mal was released in 1857. Le Petit Prince is released in 1943.
La Chartreuse de Parme is another piece he wrote. Most of his work is French.
In English it translates into The Unbearable Lightness of Being. It is a novel by Milan Kundera.
He is from France, near Arc de Triomphe. You might be interested in his books Laughable Loves and Immortality.
I do have Drel Kameraden but only in English. Will that be okay?
Can I help with anything else?
He starred in several fantastic movies such as Ocean's Eleven. He also wrote Sex, Lies, and Videotape. Have you seen any of these?
Julia Roberts was in it. She also starred in the film The Player, a satire movie. Are you interested to see this?
Alongside Julia Roberts, Dean Stockwell and Jeff Marlow were in the movie too! You enjoy this crime fiction movie.
Glad I could help!
Sure! Did you like it because was a War film?
There's a few War films like Zulu, Zero Dark Thirty (Which is very good) and Winter in Wartime.
Sex, Lies and Videotape is one of his most famous films. he was also in Ocean's Eleven.
The book was written by Harry Brown; the screenplay was written by a team, including Ted Griffin and George Claton Johnson.
Yes he is, along with George Clooney and Brad Pitt.
They are okay, They play at the Toyota Center, have you been?
The toyota center is the venue that they play at.
Right, I like Wrigley Field myself, home of the Chicago Cubs. You like baseball?
Jason Bateman, Jennifer Garner and Valerie Tian starred in Juno.
Yes she did as well as X-Men 2 and The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. Do you like Valerie Tian?
Sure, She also starred in The Santa Clause 2 and Jennifer's Body. She is a very good actress.
Yes, he starred in Wreck-it Ralph and Wall-E. Have you seen them?
It was released in 2012. And the second one released this year but I haven't seen it yet
She is Vanellope and is the best!
Yes, as well as Rich Moore and Phil Johnston
Sure, the Grinch is similar to Wreck-it Ralph that you might like.
My latest knowledge of Pink is Get the Party Started haha. Are you a Pink fan?
Her. It was a super popular song in the early naughts. "I'm comin' up so you better you better get this party started ..."
No problem
Gabriele Muccino directed Remember Me, My Love, The Pursuit of Happyness, Seven Pounds. Do you want to know more about any of this in particular?
That would be Will Smith, Thandie Newton, Mark Christopher Lawrence and many more. Are you interested in more of Will Smith films?
Will Smith has produced many films like Hancock, Wild Wild West.
Yes he did. Do you like Biographical film?
That is great. The Pursuit of Happyness is definitely one of the most famous biographical film.
I do not find anything similar to it
Sure what genre are you looking for I can suggest for you Drama or Blockbuster?
John G Avildsen wrote Rocky
Yes To Kill a Mockingbird written by Harper Lee, also The Manchurian Candidate starring Dorian Missick
Steven Levitt wrote SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling, Patriotic Prostitutes and Why Suicide Bombers Should Buy Life Insurance.
It was released in 2009 and, believe it or not, the recommendation I gave you is one title.
Great! I'm sure it will be a good read, especially with a title like that. :)
Sure! I highly recommend The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People and Principle Centered Leadership.
It was was released in 1989 and it has been the most popular Self-help books.
My pleasure, let me know if you need more recommendations.
Jeffery Eugenides wrote The Virgin Suicides, a Drama/Mystery. Do you enjoy Mysteries?
I have not, but if you enjoy mysteries such as The Virgin Suicides, I would suggest In The Woods by Tana French.
Yes. Jeffery Eugenides is from Detroit. Middlesex is another one of his popular books, if you are looking for recommendations.
Stieg Larsson wrote The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, a Mystery which was made into a motion picture film. Do you also enjoy mystery movies?
Ceán Chaffin was the main producer for The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. He also produced the movie Gone Girl - another mystery I think you'd enjoy.
Enjoy!
A similiar author is Robert Rankin
He has written The Antipope and The Toyminator
It is about a tramp who grows to serve the dark master
Your welcome
Bob Gunton Starred in a Woman named Jackie.
Furious 7 with Vin Diesel and Paul Walker? Are you interested in thrillers like this one?
Sure he was in XXX and he produced The Chronicles of Riddick
I recommend Pitch Black with Vin Diesel, it's an excellent Sci-fi movie.
Yes, she does and so does Vin Diesel.
you're welcome.
Lord of War and In Time
Lord of War is starring Nicolas Cage and Jeremy Crutchley
It is Crime Fiction if you like those kinds of movies you will like it.
Sure District 9 is a sci-fi, thriller, action film, written by Terri Tatchell and Neill Blomkamp, Elysium and Chappie are similar. ,
I do not know. But I know it was written by Brandon Sanderson. Have you read is other work The FInal Empire?
He also wrote Words of Radiance and Warbreaker. Do you like Fantasy novels?
I am not sure where he is from, but I know he was influenced by Robert Jordan. Have you read his book Crossroads of Twlight?
Jhumpa Lahiri wrote the Unaccustomed Earth and The Namesake. Are you familiar with those?
It is a short story in Fiction genre.
Other short story examples I have here are Will You Be Quiet Please? and The Yellow Wallpaper.
Okay, can I help with anything else?
Okay then, enjoy.
Yes its Shawnee Smith. Do you like that movie?
Resurrection is a great sci fi film
I don't know who else is in it but I do know sam also starred in Thunderheart. You can check that out
Added to your watch list
Sure, Max brooks was a writer and he wrote, for example, World War Z: An Oral History of the Zombie War.
Zoe Heller comes up as a similar author but I am not sure of the genre.
Zoe Heller wrote a book called The Believers I believe.
It is done.
Would you like actors that star with him?
He starred in the Terminator with Rick Rossovich
It is the same man, yes. The Terminator also stars Paul Winfiled and Michael Biehn
Youre welcome
Sela Ward starred in Gone girl and she was in another movie called The Stepfather you may like.
Dylan Walsh comes up as another star of The Stepfather.
My records show that was released in the year 2009.
You are welcome, goodbye.
David Lynch directed movies like Eraserhead, Blue Velvet and Lost Highway. Many of which are in the horror genre. Do you enjoy horror movies?
I cannot think of any that would hit more of the slasher side of horror. Eraserhead, the movie David Lynch is most known for is a horror/drama type.
You're welcome, hope that is a good scary one for you!
Malala: My Story of Standing Up for Girls. What else can I do for you?
It is non fiction. Is there anything else I can answer for you?
Maziar Bahari is similar. What else can I do for you today?
It is starring Charlize Theron , Nicholas Hoult and Chole Moretz.
You also have Tye Sheridan, Sterling Jerins, Corey Stoll and Christina Hendricks.
Christina Hendricks was in mad men
Sure, I know Shaun White starred in Friends with Benefits starring Rashida Jones, have you send it?
I did enjoy it, Wood Harrelson is also in the movie, Columbia Pictures is the distributor.
I'm not seeing the year but I now Rashida Jones was in the movie.
Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry is a similar book.
Casual Vacancy, and Order of the Phoenix would also be a great choice. Anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome.
I'm a fan. Cuando mi Enamoro was a favorite. What about you?
Oh if you get a chance you should check out a performance from his Euphoria Tour on YouTube.
Yes, I think he was in Desperado and Once Upon a Time in Mexico, right?
Real Steel
Boxing robots controlled by humans.
Do you want information about Superman Returns or you want recommendations similar to the movie?
Superman Returns is a science fiction film. Are you into that genre?
So maybe you would like X-men too.
I hope I was able to help you.
The Green Mile and Fog City Mavericks were written by Darabont and are similar.
The Green Mile has Tom Hanks in it.
You are welcome.
He is on both Twins of Evil and Torture Garden.
Peter Cushing is the director of that movie.
Your welcome.
I think he is a football player right? I don't know much about him.
Oh ok. Was Wesley Snipes in that movie?
They're ok. I'm not a fan of Harrison. I just like a good sports movie. What other movies did Harrison play in?
I think he's an athlete that plays golf. Do you like golf?
yes me too. He won a bunch of PGA tournaments and Opens. I don't think anyone else has come along since who is that good.
Yeah, I wonder if he will ever get it back or if we just need to move on.
Yes, I do like the Steelers. I'm also a huge fan of their coach, Mike Tomlin.
No I didn't know that. The Vikings have drafted some good players through the years, like Randy Moss.
Yes, he revived his career for the Patriots with Tom Brady at the help as QB.
I heard Morgan Freeman acted in this movie Bruce Almighty. Would you mind if I relate the search based on him?
Then how about Levity? I heard this is a good movie?
I think it's a drama, would you love to hear about Kirsten Dunst, who acted in this movie?
Kirsten Dunst, starred in the movie Spiderman. Were you aware of this?
I know you'll like it. Is there anything else I can attend to for you?
Glad to be of help
Sure! Ros Ballaster wrote Sense and Sensibility starring Hugh Laurie, have you seen that?
Sense and Sensibility is a United Kingdom romance film also starring Emma Thompson.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He writes non-fiction books, like The Last Lecture.
It was released in 2008 and is a self-help book.
You should check out Jonathan Livingston Seagull or How to Win Friends and Influence People.
Your welcome.
She is an athlete who plays badminton
Yes, she did play in the Olympics
It was located in London
He directed the crime drama Gangster Squad with Sean Penn. Are you into those kinds of films?
It is. I love Ryan Gosling. Did you see him in the romance Blue Valentine?
He also wrote The Place Beyond the Pines that Bruce Greenwood starred in. Thats a good one too.
Yes, Madeleine L. Engle wrote Many Waters, A Wrinkle in Time and A Wind in the Door.
Many Waters is a young adult fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is a novel by David Levithan and John Green. Do yo ulike that novel?
Do you like the movies that he directed or particular genre?
Sorry, I do not have any information about similar directors to Edgar Wright.
Is it there anything that I can help you with?
Apocalypto is an epic drama written by Mel Gibson. Is this something you are interested in?
The Passion if the Christ starring Maia Morgenstern!
Happy to help!
Do you like the story or the acting?
Ok. Steve Bastoni not only starred in The Matrix Reloaded, he also starred in the Heartbreak Kid and The Crocodile Hunter.
Yes, he was also in MacBeth which might be similar in genre to The Matrix Reloaded and a sports film called Drift.
Great. Glad I could help.
You're welcome.
I'm not super familiar with him but I believe he is an athlete that plays Cricket. Do you enjoy Cricket?
I have heard that as well, do you enjoy baseball?
I agree baseball can be a little slow at times. I'm a huge fan of hockey
I like her too. I love her songs; Someone Like You and Rolling in the Deep. What is your favorite song of her?
Yeah totally. Someone Like you won Academy Award for Best Original Song. Was she from American, originally?
Oh I see. Do you think she write the song as well? I think she composed it.
He directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest and Man on the Moon.
Vincent Schiavelli and Ted Markland
Your welcome, enjoy it!
I know she's one of the best tennis players in the world and she has a sibling named Venus.
Roger Federer is considered one of the greatest
He is a Swiss professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 3 in men's singles tennis
Made a one he recently was in.
It is a thriller, similar to Wonderland.
I don't recognize his name but I know his face so I bet he's pretty famous. I'm more familiar with Basketball or American Football.
I've been rooting for Chicago teams since my friend is a big fan but I always liked the Cowboys and Bulls when I was younger. I was a populist.
The Bulls are not doing very well. They had a lot of injuries and have to play a lot of rookies, but that makes the games pretty interesting. They will be good when these guys cement more though.
He is a very famous writer. His most popular books are L’Étranger, Le Mythe de Sisyphe and La peste.
1942 was the year that It was released
Yes, The Runaway Bunny and it has genre Children's literature.
You're welcome. I hope your nephew enjoys the book.
I do, Vanishing Girls is one of my favorite books.
Yes, that is by Lauren Oliver.
I think Requiem is a better read.
Herman Melville's most famous book is Moby-Dick.
It falls in the novel, adventure fiction genre. But I'm sure you'll find it in the classics section.
Wuthering Heights by Emily Bronte
Anne is her name. Those Bronte sisters are talented
Yes, it is by Jennifer Weiner. She also wrote, Who Do You Love. You might like that.
If you enjoyed In Her Shoes, you should try The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
It is a short story but was then adapted into a film. I recommend you try both.
Keanu Reeves starred in The Matrix Revisited have you seen that movie?
Sure, he starred in The Maxtrix reloaded and The Matrix Revloution also with by Lana Wichowski.
It also starred Anthony Zerby they all are science fiction do you like sci fi?
if you are into poetry books The Simple Truth is a good one
Im not sure about that information but are you intrested in poetry books?
Sure, that book is written by Thomas Christensen. Is it the author or the genre that you like?
The Stories of Eva Luna is a great book that might be what you're looking for.
Okay. It was released in 1989.
J.M Barrie wrote Peter Pan.
It was released in 1904.
I was originally written in English.
Yes I can thank you
Yes she wrote a great book called Where We Belong
ITs a romantic Drama Noval she also wrote something Blue
Her best know work is something blue ever heard of it its about a young womens search for adulthood
Donnie Darko stars Seth Rogan who is a hilarious actor. Heard of him?
Seth Rogan also wrote This is the End. A fantasy film starring Emma Watson. it was pretty good.
I believe that Seth Rogan is a producer as well. If I am not mistaken, I think he was the excutive producer of Funny People starring Maggie Siff.
I do I think he is a good DJ. What's your favorite song of his?
I like those songs too. Do you like this type of music?
Did he make a few song with Rihanna?
Indeed! The version starring Crystal Lowe and Al Pacino. Are you a fan of either one of those actors?
Another movie he starred in is "Looking for Richard."
Yes, it does. She also starred in Wilde Salome.
Indeed, who also starred in "Zero Dark Thirty."
Yes, he wrote Moby Dick. Are you interested in this genre?
Yes this novel has an adventure genre. Should I check for others with a similar theme?
Jaws is one example and also Clockwork Prince.
You are welcome. Should I recommend others?
You do the same!
Yes. Rise of the Planet of the Apes stars Tyler Labine, James Franco, David Oyelowo, just to name a few
Tyler Labine starred in The Boss and My Boss;s Daughter. He also starred in Monsters University.
It was released June 21, 2013
Sure it stars Channing Tatum and his a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Agreed, he was in She's the Man also starring Kristen Smith. Have you seen it?
She was in The House Bunny with Rumer Willis and was produced by Allen Covert.
No problem, enjoy!
I love Ernest Hemingway. The Sun Also Rises and The Old Man and the Sea were some of my favorites.
The Sun also Rise is a Romance. It was made into a movie starring Robert Evans
I can't remember who else was in it but it was directed by Henry King and produced by Darryl F. Zanuck.
anytime
Yes, I do know who she is. She is from Soviet Ukraine and married to Ashton Kutcher. She has starred in many movies such as No Strings Attached, Ted and Valentine's Day. Do you enjoy films Mila Kunis plays in ?
She was also in The Book of Eli, Santa with Muscles and Milo. Mainly her films fall into a comedy genre.
I think you will enjoy those! They are some of my favorites.
You're welcome.
I loved it. But I like all Horrow books.
It was written by Paul Haggis, he's an amazing writer. Have you read any of his works?
I haven't read that one. But I heard great things about it, and I like Crime Fiction too.
I not real familiar with her, but know she started in This Is the End and Battleship. Do you like her work?
Did you know she was born in Saint Michael Parish? She also won an award for MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year. Did you know she sings?
I am going to put her on my list of music to listen to.
Sean Penn wrote such an emotional movie when he wrote Into the Wild. It was hard to think it was a biographical film. Have you seen it?
It is a Biographical film. I have to warn you it is quite emotional. Do you mind highly emotional movies?
That movie was hilarious. I hadn't thought about all of Sean Penn's other works, he is really talented.
He is an indian cricketer right. I love watching cricket
Royal Challengers
My favorite is Indian cricket team
Nicola Kraus is a writer and she wrote The Nanny Diaries.
Yes, it was and it was written by Emma McLaughlin. Do you like Comedy-drama films?
Unfortunately, I don't have that information.
Enjoy!
Sure, have you read My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories or Landline?
Yes, Myra McEntire.
The book Twelve Holiday Stories was released on October 14, 2014
Castle in Air is like Howl's Moving Castle?
No, its the next in series to Howl's Moving Castle.
Oh I'm sorry
Yes he starred in Terminator Salvation.
He is a talented basketball player known as a small forward.
Space Jam is one of the most watched. It stars a lot of basketball players like Michael Jordan, but also movie stars like Bill Murray.
He is from Highland Park.
A Light in the Attic was written by Shel Silverstein and similar books are The Giving Tree, Falling Up, and Things Fall Apart.
Yes, She did. Do you like her books?
That is a great book by Shel Silverstein. It was released in 1981. Did you know that it won a Grammy award for best Counrty song?
Yes there was a song The Missing Piece Meets The Big O.
I heard he was a great cricket player, have you heard of him?
Yes, he played for the Mumbai Indians alongside Yuvraj Singh.
Yup, he also starred in Jumbo which was an animated film.
Notting Hill is similar to that and also Runaway Bride
It is a comedy romance film, do you like that genre?
Which other gere you like the most?
Could you suggest any SciFi movie?
Thanks for the recommendation, I will chek it
Stephanie Perkins wrote My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories, Lola and the Boy Next Door, and Happily Ever After.
My True Love Gave to Me is a Romance Novel.
You're Welcome!
braveheart
He wrote When Breath Becomes air, Cutting for Stone and he is also a professor. Have your read any of his works?
It was released in 2016 and it is an autobiographical, I highly recommend reading it
Living Dowry is another really good one
Enjoy
A Walk to Remember was written by Nicholas Sparks. Would you like to hear other books by him?
Nicholas Sparks also wrote The Notebook and Message in a Bottle. Would you like to hear one of those?
Well, Fernando Meirelles also directed The Constant Gardener, and City of God. Would either of those interest you?
It's edited by Claire Simpson, and has music by Alberto Iglesias.
She edited Nine, and Stop-Loss. Would you like to watch either of these?
Definitely, I am sure you will enjoy them. I have added them to your library.
I think he's a great player. He was with the Bulls before the Wolves and he's one of the best basketball players in the NBA. Do you like any other NBA teams?
Same here. I like the Cubs. Im flying to Chicago to see them next year. Just got my flight to Midway. What team do you like?
So much for them. Just got rid of their best player Hamilton.
The star of Hitch and Hancock! Do you like his comedy or romance films?
If you like rom coms you might want to try Date Movie or Americas Sweethearts.
Robinne Lee also starred in Hav Plenty and Hotel for Dogs
It was! Can I add it to your playlist?
great player for FC Barcelona B. what do you think about him
Lionel Messi is also a good player dont you agree?
Louis van Gaal is a great couch dont you think?
what sports do you like?
Do you enjoy the animation or one of the actors the most?
I agree! The characters played by actors like Jada Pinkett Smith and Andy Richter really come alive. I would recommend Ice Age as something similar.
One of the stars is Ray Romano and he plays the lead character.
You are most welcome! Enjoy!
Sure! Kate Winslet has starred in Triple 9, The Reader, and Titanic. Have you seen any of these?
It is an action movie
Have you seen Lolita? It is a crime drama with some action
Enjoy!
He directed The Expendables that starred Arnold Schwarzenegger.
He starred in True Lies with Jamie Lee Curtis and Art Malik. Have you seen it?
She was also in Terror Train, Roadgames, Perfect and My Girl. All good films.
Very good actress. If you like horror film, I would watch Virus.
It is written by Will Fetters
He also wrote Remember Me
It was released 1994
You are welcome
Sure, she is an author who released a book in 1943 called A Tree Grows in Brooklyn. That seems to be the only book she has written.
It is a novel.
Yoko Kamio wrote  1.  1. Not sure if this would be of interest to you or not.
I know of it a little. It was written by Max Brooks and released in 2006. Do you like books by Max Brooks?
Feed by Seanan McGuire is another great Zombie book!
Another great one is Zone One by Colson Whitehead, which was published in 2011.
I hope you like them!
he wrote Flowers for Algernon
it was released in1966
that is a childrens book
Yes, I do. She is a great tennis player. Did you know that she starred at Hair show?
Yes Venus Willian.
Yes, I did. Great movie writen by James Cameron and Gale Anne Hurd. It is Sci-fi movie. Do you like Sci-fi?
big fan i love Whenever, Wherever. how about you?
she is good do you like any other songs
right. what genre do you enjoy
I am not familiar with Rory other than the fact that he is a golf player.
He is from Northern Ireland -another interesting fact.
I have heard of Stephen Rea. Hugo Weaving also starred in V for Vendetta.
Sure, it was written by Tennessee Williams in 1947. Are you a fan of Dramas like that one?
If you like Tennessee Williams, you might also enjoy The Glass Menagerie. He takes a lot of influence from D.H. Lawrence for some of these works.
Both of those works could also be considered to be in the southern gothic genre. Shall I add them to your reading list?
Will do. You're welcome.
Sure, it was directed by Doug Liman and stars Tom Hulce and Kristen Stewart. Would you like more movies directed by him?
Great. Perhaps you would like The Bourne Identity or Edge of Tomorrow? Have you seen those?
Edge of Tomorrow stars Tom Cruise. It's a great science fiction / action movie about aliens attacking Earth.
Enjoy!
I dont have an opinion on Arsenal. They are a good professional soccer team in the Premier League in England.
Sure, they are from North London and have been in existence since 1886. They are known as the Gunners
Of course! He was in the family movie, We Bought a Zoo. He was also in Wristcutters: A Love Story, and the film White Oleander, which if I remember correctly, is kind of disturbing and scary.
I haven't watched it. I have friends who have, and they hinted it was depressing. But the genres it's listed under are: drama, comedy and romance. So I can't imagine it being scary.
Sure! It's a Disaster and Action Film. Do you enjoy those?
Well, it was written by Maria Semple who is a screenwriter, author and sctress.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other information on what book she has written, but I do know that she starred in I Heart Huckabees.
You're welcome! Enjoy.
Would you prefer from the Drama genre, or based on the actors?
Well actually I have here The Ninth Gate. Did you know that Johnny Depp acted in this movie?
Well, what about xXx: State of the Union? I know it's a good movie.
Cinderella man is similar, have you seen it?
It was released in June of 2005 and directed by well know director Ron Howard
Ron Howard has directed The Da Vinci Code and Inferno! have you seen those?
Great i hope you enjoy!
Yes, he is a Golfer, He ranks 10 on the PGA tour.
There was one at the Albany Golf Club yesterday, just ended.
Jon Rahm I believe.
Vin Diesel has starred in many movies like XXX, The Chronicles of Riddick, and Fast and the Furious. Do you enjoy thrillers?
The Chronicles of Riddick is a multi series of movies, which started being released in June of 2004.
You're welcome, hope you enjoy!
I know that he dated Selena Gomez. He wrote a few songs himself. Do you like him?
Taylor Swift is great. I like the Valentine's Day movie that she was in.
Yeah i have seen a few of Jennifer Garner's movies. I like her husband; Ben Affleck too. They're both very good actors.
Yes! Craig Raine wrote a novel titled Lolita. Does that interest you?
Sure! Lolita is categorized as a Tragicomedy romance novel release in 1955.
No problem! The book is co-written by Vladimir Vladimirovich Nabokov. A similar genre book that you may enjoy is Infinite Jest.
Do you mean Infinite Jest or Lolita?
Sure! Lolita is a literature classic enjoyed by many. It has tones of atheism.
No problem! Glad to help.
Is that the movie with Tom Hanks?
Yeah I loved him in That Thing You Do!, Do you know that one?
He also wrote Larry Crowne?, pretty good movie
Anytime, Enjoy the movie!
He directed the movie Nine which is a drama and a backstage musical, do you like those types of films?
Did you know the Manchurian Candidate stars Denzel Washington and Dorian Missick?
Denzel Washington directed the Great Debaters and produced Antwone Fisher
Oh yes I love The Hunt for Red October and The Sum of All Fears. Do you know of those two?
I have, he is one of my favorite actors. Have you seen him in Field of Dreams?
That's a good place to start, have fun!
Would you like recommendations of things that Rosario Dawson played in?
She starred in Wonder Woman, Zookeeper , and Unstoppable. Have you seen any of those?
Zookeeper is a Romantic comedy. Do you like those types of films?
Besides Rosario Dawson you have Kevin James and Adam Sandler
Enjoy!
Not much but Manchester City F.C is located in Machester.
Yes, Stockport England
Yes Dominic Monahaghan is from there.
Micmacs is a popular movie she directed. Do you like Crime movies?
Certainly, Jean Pierre Jenuet directed The Young and Prodigious and Alien Resurrection. Does that help?
Welcome! Have a fun time watching those classics!
Yes, he wrote books like The Godfather series, The Sicilian and The Last Don. It is mostly suspense and fiction genre.
Yes. The Sicilian was released 1984, The Last Don in 1996. Is there any other information I can get for you?
Have a good night!
Sure, it was written by Jane Austen and released in 1817.
Yes, Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. It is classified as a romance novel. Do you like like Romance?
I don't know, But I can tell you that Jane Austen was influenced by Julia Quinn, and Julia Quinn wrote Romancing Mister Bridgerton... So, there's that.
Not a problem. Enjoy!
The music artist. Yes I like some of his work
Yes Kings Dead from the movie Black Panther. Are you familiar with that?
Chadwick Boseman and Michael B are the most popular. Kendrick lamar genre of music is west coast
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde is in language English. English has examples: The Scorpio Races. what else can i do for you?
2011. what else can i answer for you?
2011 was the year that released Waterfall. what else can i answer today?
ok
She did write The Temple of My Familiar
Im not sure about that information.
All the information i have at the moment is that she is a writter.
Do you like the movie because it's historical, because it's an adventure movie or because it stars Brad Pitt?
Colin Wilson produced Troy.
I think he's a talented singer, but I especially enjoy his acting. He was great in The Social Network. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is! I'm not sure how accurate it is, but the screenplay is well written. I believe Aaron Sorkin wrote it.
Yea, that's a great show. Do you enjoy TV or movie dramas?
Yes, and wasn't Matthew Broderick performing in that?
I think War Games was a cool, Science Fiction Thriller!
Yeah, Cloverfield was a blockbuster horror kind of flick!
Wow, thanks for recalling all these to me.
He plays soccer. Did you know that he plays for the Germany national football team?
No, the last time the world cup was in Brazil was 2014.
it was in Russia.
It was written by James Cameron.
Have you seen What's Eating Gilbert Grape?
Would you like me to bring it up for you to watch?
Setting it up now.
Peter Farrelly directed Stuck on You which was also written by Bobby Farrelly
No, Stuck on You is a comedy, if you like to laugh I can recommend some other funny films
you're welcome!
Liane Moriarty wrote What Alice Forgot. Have you read it?
Lee Unkrich directed Toy Story 3 and it is produced by Darla K. Anderson.
Disney The tigger movie is out. It is a pretty nice movie to watch.
I think so. Is she the author of Peony in Love?
Yes, I believe you are right. She also wrote China Dolls. Have you read that one?
Ah, well, life is busy! If you want to give her a try, China Dolls is probably not the best one to start with. Her fans prefer Snow Flower and the Secret Fan.
Do you like Adventure or Romance he writes in both Genres
Perfect The Brother's Bloom fits both of those categories!
Ricky Jay is the stars of the movie with a costar Max Records
If you like oldies, Boogie Nights stars Ricky Jay
Cant tell much, but I do like basketball game. Do you?
I love Space jam specially because my favorite player is in it. Michael jordan. Do you know him?
Me too. Ivan reitman anad Paul Westphal starred in Space Jam as well
Do you like Bruce Willis, he was also in Red 2.
He's also a screenwriter, writing Hudson Hawk. I though he did spectacular in The Jackal.
Yeah he's in a number of great movies such as Street Fighter, Texas Chanisaw Massacre, and Pearl Harbor.
Yeah, you can schedule a meeting with me and we can address all of your wishes.
lol. Im still trying to figure out why she do it. did you know her and Madonna are great friends.
omg i loved truth or dare. great movie, you know she played in Who's That Girl as well.
no i didnt know that thanks for telling me. Have you seen Four rooms she played in that too.
Sure. Do you like the movie because it's Thriller?
I recommend Get Out, Black Swan, and Prisoners. Have you watch these movies?
You're very welcome! Is there anything more that I can help you with today?
Enjoy!
I'm afraid they aren't very good and haven't been for as long as I can remember. I'm from Cincinnati so they are a division rival. Both teams are playing poorly right now.
No. They're one of the professional football teams. Ohio has two.The Cincinnati Bengals and the Cleveland Browns. Cleveland fans are very die hard. I'll give them that!
Dallas is usually pretty good. They're a tough team that I enjoy watching. I have never seen Cleveland or Dallas play in person but have seen them many times on TV.
Their stadium is playfully called the Dog Pound. Their mascot is also a dog. The fans really get into it when they have a home game, no matter how terrible the team plays. They are very devoted!
Of course, Orson Scott Card wrote Xenocide, have you read that?
It's Science Fiction, X-men 2 is a good one also, have you seen it?
Yes it was a novel written by John Scalzi and its Speculative Fiction, would you like me to search more under that genre?
Yes he wrote Lock In, in 2017 but I didn't see information on Fuzzy Nation, have you seen The Long Goodbye?
Its Science Fiction and I did confirm he wrote Fuzzy Nation as well. I hope you enjoy them.
You're Welcome
Yes, I l ike Oliver Twist written by Charles Dickens.
He wrote The Old Curiosity Shop, The Great Expectations
They both have a genre of social critisim.
Sure no problem!
Yes, he wrote Nineteen Eighty- Four and Catalonia. Are you interested in books with social commentary?
Yes, it was written by Victor J. Stenger and has an Atheism theme.
Yes, Michael Shermer , is this a subject you are interested in?
I don't know of any of his other writings but he founded the Skeptics Society.
I would be happy to. Do you have a favorite genre?
Well, since it's the season how about a classic Christmas movie? Reginald VelJohnson was in Die Hard?
Die hard was released in 1988.
Reginald VelJohnson was also in Die Hard 2 along with John Amos and Franco Nero. Do you consider Die Hard a Christmas movie?
Bared to You is a 2012 New York Times bestselling new adult romance novel
Sure, if it's that author that you like PC Cast. He also wrote tempted.
Sure I can help with that. Try Tomorrow, When the War Began. It's also supposed to be a good one.
Yes, you're right! He also wrote Darkness, Be My Friend. Have you read that yet?
Awesome! Enjoy!
I am really not in to rap that much. I know he is a songwriter as well. Do you like rap?
I like it when he plays the saxophone, but is great playing the piano. Do you know if he plays the harmonica?
No, I have not but thank you for the suggestion will put that on my to do list.
Yes! He's been in Sci-Fi and Horror films. Do you like those kind of movies?
Have you seen Alien? That's popular and stars Bolaji Badejo.
You might also like X-Men. That's a Sci-fi film.
Sure. Other films similar to Divergent include Maze Runner, Catching Fire and the Hunger Games.
From Wikipedia.com, Maze Runner is an American film trilogy consisting of science-fiction dystopian action adventure films based on The Maze Runner novels by the American author James Dashner
Sure. the films lead star is Dylan O'Brien
Sure. He is also known for his role as Stiles Stilinski in the MTV television series Teen Wolf. His other work includes starring in films such as The First Time and American Assassin, and supporting roles in The Internship and Deepwater Horizon.
I know he is a Cricket player from India, do you like Cricket?.
: I am not that familiar with the sport I know it is played in England and India
I have heard of Yuvraj Singh.
He is known for books like The Bluest Eye and Tar Baby.
The Bluest Eye was released in 1970 and is a fiction novel.
Of course, Beloved and The Scarlet Letter are similar to The Bluest Eye.
Of course, Beloved and The Scarlet Letter are similar to The Bluest Eye.
Your welcome.
It could be labeled as Mystery and Thriller genre.
Sure! XXX: State of the Union and Shark Night are some interesting Thrillers.
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt and Katherine McPhee just to name a few.
Yes! Michael Jackson starred in The Wiz, Moonwalker, and Men in Black II. Do you like those? I like Men in Black II.
Yes, I like Will Smith. I also liked him in The Pursuit of Happyness. Did you know his son, Jaden Smith, was in that with him?
He was in The Pursuit of Happyness with his father. It was a sad one. I don't think I've seen the third Men in Black, is that one good?
I think he is a legend. I love the movie he wrote Yellow Submarine along with Paul McCartney. I guess McCartney also starred in it.
Paul McCartney wrote and starred in Tropic Island Hum. He also wrote Rupert and the Frog Song.
Ill do my best. Have a great day.
No Problem.
Harper Lee wrote To Kill a Mockingbird. Which is a very good book.
To Kill a Mockingbird is in the genre of fiction.
Elephants Can Remember is also a fiction book which is very good.
A Tale of Two Cities is also a fiction.
Dragon Flight is another good fiction read as well. Is fiction something you read often.
You welcome
He wrote a couple of books such as Peep and Leviathan. Have you read those?
Who Moved My Cheese was written by Kenneth H. Blanchard and Spencer Johnson.
Sure, Kenneth H. Blanchard also co authored Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement. Have you read this one yet?
Sure, Kenneth H. Blanchard also wrote Fish. Have you read it?
I have not yet but I know it stars Robert Downey Jr., I really like him. Do you know what genre it is?
Yes it was written by Ben Stiller. Did you know Tyra Banks starred it it? I think Tom Cruise did as well. Do you know that to be true?
I did it was great. I am going to put Iron Man series on my watch list. Thank you for the info.
Sure, John Tenniel wrote the books, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, Through the Looking-Glass, and What Alice Found There.
It has a genre of Speculative fiction, Fiction, Fantasy and Children's literature.
Sure, I will. Drop City is one
I know he's an American golfer, but that's about it. Are you a fan of his?
Yea, Tiger Woods is amazing, I'm glad to see that he's playing well again.
Absolutely, adding Tiger Woods to your favorite list now....
No you don't, would you like me to add Happy Gilmore as well?
Christopher Masterson starred in the American History X movie and Scary Movie 2. Scary Movie 2 may be a similar movie.
Prison and The Sun Also Rises are dramas. Do you like either of those movies?
Viggo Mortensen is the starring actor in Prison. Do you like him?
Yes, absolutely! On The Road, Good, and Witness are dramas that Viggo Mortensen starred in. Have you heard of any of those films?
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
OMG me too! I love that song Moves Like Jagger.
Did you know it's considered a power pop song?
I don't think so. Is that the one by Eminem?
Isn't that a movie with Eminem and Britney Spears?
He wrote The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus, Time Bandits and Monty Python and the Holy Grail. Which catches your interest?
sure, Tower Heist, Touching the void, Total Recall and Tomorrow Never Dies. Which one do you like >
Ben Stiller, Nina Arianda, Judd Hirsch and Jessica Szohr. Do you like any ?
Great choice, Ben stiller is in Zoo lander and Zooland 2 Sequel and He also worked in Mega mind and he is a great producer too
It is Comedy genre. Do you like Comedy?
welcome
Sure! Anthea Bell wrote Tintenherz, Tintenblut, and Rubinrot. Have you read any of these?
Tintenherz is written in English and was released in 2003
Titenherz is a story written by Anthea Bell
Yes, Anthea Bell also wrote a version of Cinderella
I think he is a good athlete
Yes my favorite team is the Lakers
I like LeBron James
It is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and release in 1969
That is correct. Do you want to read it ?
Yes, this is correct . Timequake has genre Time travel
Sun Tzu wrote Sunzi bingfa. He was also a stategist, musician, and businessperson.
No. His place of death was Wu. His country of nationality was China. Are you a fan?
No problem, I am happy to help! Let me know if you would like any other suggestions.
Yes, it is a great comedy that I saw in 1999. Have you seen it?
I did not. I liked Transfer of Power that was released around that same time in 1999.
It seems so. Nothing else at this time. Thanks!
Yes, she is one of favorite tennis player, as well as her sister Venus Williams.
Yes she is!
Yes she is a very talented lady. She also starred in the hair show,and was once linked to the singer Common.
Sure, he also wrote The Hangover Part II. Have you seen it?
That's right! The Change-Up is another movie he wrote. You really need to see The Change-Up!
I'm not sure what genre you would classify it as, but I know it was Rated R
It was written by Walter Isaacson and released in 2011.
It was written by Nancy Bond. Have you read any of her writings?
It's Childrens Literature - Speculative Fiction. It's a really good book.
Wizard's First Rule written by Terry Goodkind is a really good one!
I know you will enjoy it!
Isn't he on the Madrid Football team? I think Jose Mourinho is the coach.
Is Lisbon where they play?
I'd like to visit Lisbon. Reminds me of the movie Remember the Titans.
Yes, I do. He starred in The Civel War which has a genre History and it is also a documentary. Do you like dos genre of movies
Sure. She wrote The Night Circus
I know Nicholas Sparks wrote it.Kevin Costner is in it.
It's romance. Robin Wright Penn also stars in it, as well as Paul Newman.
Yes, that's a classic, do you like other works by Shakespeare as well?
Absolutely, some of Shakespeare popular works include A Midsummer Night's Dream as well as Romeo and Juliet. Have you read any of these?
Some others include Hamlet and Macbeth. Actually, I do believe Ozzy Osbourne was in an adaptation called Genomeo and Juliet
You're very welcome!
Tate Taylor wrote The Help. The Help, starring Jessica Chastain
It also stars Emma Stone and Leslie Jordan.
The Help, stars Jessica Chastain and Emma Stone.
I know he's a soccer player for Germany, but that's about it. Are you a big soccer fan?
Marco Reus... I hear he plays midfielder and forward. I only really know about Barcelona.
I do. Messi is my favorite, though!
I have. It's really good. It is written by Robin Swicord and Arthur Golden.
You are correct. You must love books and about Romance and Fantasy.
I have! Whitney Houston was amazing in that film!
You're right about that.
The Hitchhiker's guide to the Galaxy both star Edgar Wright so they might be similar
Yes it is Zooey Descganel also wrote the Happening which is a Sci-Fi film.
your welcome
It is written by George Orwell
No i dont
He wrote the Wonderful Wizard of Oz
There is a documentary film on that book.
Bob Proctor, Joe Vitalie
I don't think he has been anything else except for books.
He wrote The Shack
It was released in 2007
Thank you
I know him, but I like more Grigor Dimitrov, do you know him?
He is very good, Grigor Dimitrov is a Bulgarian professional tennis player. His career-high ATP singles ranking is world No. 3, which he achieved in November 2017 after winning the 2017 ATP Finals.
Not that much, I watch him sometimes because is from Eastern Europe
Sure, she starred in Thirteen, Saving Grace, Won't Back Down etc., Are you looking for any particular genre?
Thirteen is an action movie.
Sure.
I do, actually! It was written by Kiera Cass and was released in 2013.
The Siren is a very good read, which was also written by Kiera Cass.
That one was released in 2012.
Yes he wrote We the living, The Fountainhead, and Atlas Shrugged. Have you heard any of these Books
Yes, do you heard about Voyager, Tombstone or Things fall apart?
Yes , do you like Diana Gabaldon?
No i dont know about this, but will read it. thank you
Do you want more recommendation?
Welcome
He is a very famous director. He directed The wolfman and Jurasic Park III. Have you seen any of them?
Simon Merrells, Geraldine Chaplin, Clive Russell among others.
Sure! He starred in The Mists of Avalon, it's a Fantasy Adventure Film).
Enjoy the movie!!
She's on the Uruguay National football team.
I honestly don't know, but I know they are a midfielder
If you enjoy the works of Greg Mortenson, I would suggest you also read his Stones into Schools: Promoting Peace With Books, Not Bombs, in Afghanistan and Pakistan.
That's correct! It's actually just one title that I suggested. I know, it's very long and could be misunderstood as multiple books. The genre is also considered biography.
You are very welcome! If you like biographies, also check out The Diary of a Young Girl. I highly recommend it!
I believe that Sam Smith is a writer. Do you think he originated as an African American?
Sorry, it must've slipped my mind. Were you aware that Zoe Leonard's a writer as well?
I believe it to be fiction stories
Yes! This novel is written by John Steinbeck and released in 1939. Do you want to read books by this author?
Sure, The Winter of our Discontent, Travels with Charley: In Search of America and Tortilla Flat
Sure, enjoy!
She wrote Station Eleven. It was released in 2014
It's post-apocolyptic fiction. Basically takes place when the world is ending. It is very good.
Redeemed. Ruin and Rising, Not That Kind of Girl were all released that year.
You're welcome
He plays for the Colombia national football team, also known as soccer in America.
I am not a huge soccer fan. I prefer american football and baseball. When I do watch soccer it is usually Italy though. What is your favorite team?
He plays midfielder and forward correct?
Are you a fan of War movies and Dramatic movies?
Yes Das Boot and The Big Parade are similar movies.
Yes, there is Fury and Saving Private Ryan.
Seu Jorge starred in The Life Aquatic. Have you seen it before?
its starring Waris Ahluwalia and Noah Taylor.
it has a genre of drama. do you like drama movies?
Since you like The Life Aquatic im sure you would love Little Women. you should try it.
Yes it was directed by Brad Bird. Are you a fan of this type of movie?
I loved Holly Hunter and Craig T. Nelson in it. Do you like family movies?
The Firm is written by John Grisham, I'm not sure if he wrote the screenplay for the film adaptation. It is a legal drama. Do you like legal dramas?
He's written many books and the ones that are about law starts with THE such as The Pelican Brief, The Partner and The Street Lawyer. He has also written sports novels like Bleachers
I would suggest The Pelican Brief. But really all his books are entertaining and a quick read.
Yes. He is listed as a Midfielder but also plays as a defender as well. Did you know he plays football?
Wow. You are on the ball. HA! A pun intended. Have you seen Bend it Like Beckham? Sounds like you are a SOCCER fan.
I am not, in any way. I believe running is reserved only for dogs chasing you. Do you enjoy American Football? There are a lot of good movies about it.
Do you like mystery books because he wrote the Adventures of Sherlock Holmes?
The book was released in 2007 and it is also in the genera of United Kingdom books and is in English if you like those
It released in 1943 and written by Betty Smith. Do you like her books?
Historical Fiction is the genre of A Tree Grows in Brooklyn.
Have you read The Lady in the Lake? It's really good?
Raymond Chandler wrote The Lady in the Lake.
Welcome!
Of course, Emma is written by Jane Austen and Fiona Stafford are you familiar with their work?
Sure, Jane Austen wrote Sense and Sensibility and Pride and Prejudice.
I believe Dawn of the Dreadfuls by Jaane Austin became a movie.
I think you'll enjoy it and Emma is a fiction also.
John Green wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
John Green wrote the highly popular Looking for Alaska
It's consider young adult fiction. Also, it is going to be adapted for a TV series.
I would highly recommend Maximum Ride by James Patterson. The series is centered on the adventures of Maximum "Max" Ride and her family, called the Flock, who are human-avian hybrids born with wings after being experimented on at a lab called The School
Have you seen the movie Find me Guilty yet?
Yes, Vin Diesel is in this Flick. Do you enjoy Comedy or Drama?
I am not finding a drama with Vin Diesel, but you may like the Manchurian Candidate.
Denzel Washington.
He actually directed Antwone Fisher.
No problem.
Sure, she wrote The Help. Have you seen it?
Cicely Tyson stars in it. It's in the drama genre, but also quite funny about maids (the help) back in the 60's.
It's a 2011 period drama dealing with the Civil Rights Movement in Mississippi.
You're welcome. You'll enjoy it, I'm sure.
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Dogtown, both great novels.
The Weight of Water is a great book but it is not written by Anita Diamant.
It is also historical fiction and is written by Anita Shreve. She also wrote The Pilots Wife which is a great book
Awesome. Enjoy
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes has genre Adventure. Adventure : Subject: The Time Machine
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes has genre Adventure. Adventure : Subject: The Bourne Ultimatum
Yes it stars matt damon. I think you would like it.
You are welcome
The Exorcist is written by William Peter Blatty
Yes,It is
It is directed by william Friedkin
he also directed the french connection
Gladly. What exactly do you like about the movie? Is it the genre? Or are you a fan of the actor starring in it named Channing Tatum?
Oh, are you referring to White House Down which was written by James Vanderbuilt?
Sure I can. Channing Tatum is also the star of Magic Mike.
Unfortunately, i do not have that information.
If you and your son, enjoy Sci-Fi thrillers, I think it would be a good movie for both of you. Do you have any hesitations?
Sure, if you're into comics then there is X-Men: First Class.
Yes. I would suggest that movie if you like Emma Stone and Bill Murray.
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie!
Yes, he wrote reservation blues about a native americsn reservation, he is a decendant of native americans by himself.
How about The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian, a children's fiction book, released 2007.
She is the illustrator.
I did as well, VIncent Regan, Toby Jones and Sam Claflin.
Vincent starred in Lockout and Jeremiah. One of my favorites Clash of the Titans.
Louis Leterrier directed it. It's a great adventure film.
Lana Wachowski wrote The Matrix Revolutions
oh yes she wrote the Speed Racer and Bound
now that information i don't have right know but she Produced the Ninja Assassin as well but there are no year of when it can out sorry
thank you for allow me to help
Sure! Do you like it because it's Sci-Fi?
OK. I suggest V for Vendetta, Unbreakable, or Tron. Have you seen any of those?
Tron stars Jeff Bridges and Olivia Wilde.
It stars Natalie Portman, Hugo Weaving, and Stephen Rea. Would you like to watch it?
Sure! You're welcome.
Sure, if you enjoy action adventure movies you should check out Deadpool.
Yes! He has been in a lot of movies. Did you see Safe House?
I was surprised to learn that Vera directed Higher Ground.
He also did the music for The Art of Getting By.
Man on Fire is directed by Tony Scott, written by Brian Helgeland and is starring Radha Mitchell
im not sure, but Brian Helgeland directed A Knight's Tale, which has genre Comedy.
A Knight's Tale is starring Olivia Williams. are you into comedy movies?
sorry i dont have none available at the moment but Brian Helgeland also wrote Conspiracy Theory
you are welcome. enjoy your day.
Sure! You might be interested in the works of William Shakespeare. Jackson is heavily influenced by Shakespeare.
Gladly! He also wrote classics such as The Tragedie of King Richard and The Merchant of Venice. Are you familiar with these?
The Tempest is considered as a romantic novel. It has been also adapted to a film starring Russell Brand.
She's okay. I think I like her husband better though.
My husband's name is Marc. I believe Madonna is married to Sean Penn.
Haha, well I just think he is very talented. Did you know he work?
They are a MLB team who were in the World Series this year. They are a class act.
I always thought it was funny the Astros play in the Astrodome. I'm a Cubs fan myself.
I did not know that! I guess Minute Maid bought the stadium.
Anne Perry is best known for her Thomas Pitt and William Monk series
Thomas Pitt series was first published in 1979 and the latest in the series was published in 2016 (Murder on the Serpentine- its a good read
These are detective novels
Great.Enjoy !
Yes, Barry Levinson is an American Film maker and screen writer
Yes he wrote and directed the movie.It starred Robert De Niro
Some of his movie includes The Godfather, Good fellas, Meet the Fockers and
Yes, a popular movie that was written by Philip K. Dick and David Peoples.
Well, Philip K. Dick wrote Total Recall and Paycheck, but not confirmed that David Peoples also wrote those.
And I can tell you also to enjoy that Gary Goldman was the screenwriter, a popular fellow.
You are welcome, goodbye.
I think that he is a great quarter back for the Carolina Panthers, just wished he played for a team I liked. What American football team is your favorite?
I prefer The Chicago Bears, What do you think of Tom Brady, who is 40 and still playing for the Patriots?
Greatest Coach of all Time for America's Team The Dallas Cowboys. You like the Cowboy? they are the thanksgiving rivals to the Redskins
Stephen Hawking wrote The Universe in a Nutshell and The Grand Design.
I believe in the 2000s but I am not sure of the year
It is a physics book like The Universe in a Nutshell
your welcome
Hi there, Jane Eyre is actually the name of a book not an author :). Do you like Social novels or more Romance?
Aw it's ok ;-). Have you heard of Wide Sargasso Sea, Voyager, or The Tea Rose? They're all great romance novels.
Sure, it's a 1966 novel by Dominica-born British author Jean Rhys.
I hope you enjoy!
Captains Courageous is similar because of its time period of 1890's
Rudyard Kipling and Marc Connelly both wrote it to massive praise.
Its a great add, Also checkout any other works by Rudyard.
Goodbye.
Yes, i like it/ It's an excellent book written by Lisa Genova.
I would recommend Love Anthony and Left Neglected. Have you read any of them?
sure, it was released in 2012 the same year that The Innocent came out.
Glad to help. Enjoy the reading.
She was in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Have you seen that?
It is an adventure film like Young Sherlock Holmes.
Well, Indiana Jones is a complete series so I recommend watching them all.
No problem, enjoy.
Sure thing! It was writen by John August and Daniel Wallace. Very good movie: different but good.
Some great actors! Steve Buscemi, Albert Finney.
Yup and it was written by Brian Herzlinger.
If you like movies about trials, I would recommend Erin Brockovich. But he directed a number of films such as Sex, Lies, and Videotapes.
Yes, that book is written by Gary Chapman and released in 1990.
Some similar books include Physics of the Impossible: A Scientific Exploration of the World of Phasers, Force Fields, Teleportation, and Time Travel.
That book is Non-fiction
No problem!
The Golden State Warriors are currently 15-9 in the Western Conference of the NBA, so I think they're doing pretty well. Do you follow them?
I like the San Antonio Spurs but this season has been so incredibly brutal! The Pistons, how are they doing this season?
That's because they are in twelfth place.
I believe it to be a Dystopia story written by James Dashner
It's a timeline where people live in fear or are suffering. Like Oryx and Crake. Have you heard of this story
Sure. Oryx and Crake was written by Margaret Atwood, as a Utopian and dystopian fiction. Does this help clear things up?
No problem
I saw the match where she lost to her sister Venus. That was a tough match.
Venus competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics that was in London. Did you watch any of those olympics?
I'm not a big fan either. Yes they are from Palm Beach Gardens.
Peter Bart is a writer who wrote The Godfather.
Unfortunately, I don't have that information. Would you like to know more about another writer?
I would suggest William Faulkner or Zelda Fitzgerald.
She wrote Save Me the Waltz among other works.
You're welcome.
I think he is great! I like the way he plays. Not arrogant and pretty cool on the court. That's why he earned that NBA Sportsmanship Award.
Really? Did you know that LeBron James was also born there? Looks like Akron is where stars are born, dont you think?
Cool. I heard he also composed for 21 Jump Street.
I do not know a lot about her, only that she is an American professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 40 in the WTA singles rankings.
I am not sure, I found that Richard Williams, Jr. is an American tennis coach, and father of Venus and Serena Williams., and probably he is their trainer
Oh that is so true! I'm not too familiar with her, but I know a couple of her songs. Do you like Tik Tok or Die Young?
Yeah, I think she wrote both of those songs under RCA Records.
The only other album I know of is Cannibal, I think. Do you know that one?
I think I'll try Animal, from your recommendation!
Dan Brown wrote the techno-thriller, sci-fi, mystery and it was released in 1998. Do you like Dan Brown's work?
It was released before Angels and Demons in 1998. Angels and Demons was released in 2000. Do you like thrillers?
You should read Dark Shadows
John Adams is a book name
David McCullough wrote the book
Yes he is starring in The civil war
Ernest Hemingway wrote the book For Whom the Bell Tolls
He has also written The Old Man and the Sea, and The Sun also Rises
The genre is literary realism
Okay
Yes, The Author of Tuesdays with Morrie, Have you read it?
A mix between Sociology and Philosophy. What made you think of Mr. Dagys today?
Absolutely!
Sure! Have you read The Valley of Amazement or The Kitchen God's Wife?
The Valley of Amazement was released in 2013.
For 2013, Zealot: The Life and Times of Jesus of Nazareth was released that year including
You're welcome! Glad I could help.
Marcus Chong starred in the Science Fiction movie, The Matrix
He was Tank Th Operator in The Matrix. Do you like Science Fiction?
No, but Cloverfield is another science fiction movie that is interesting. Marcus Chong is most know for his role as Huey P. Newton in Panther
Which movie Cloverfield, or Panther?
Cloverfield is starring Michael Stahl-David and Liza Lapira
The Lucky One is a romance. I can recommend a couple of films for you in that genre if you like.
Examples of romance films include What's Eating Gilbert Grape, To Have and Have Not, and The Princess Diaries.
Certainly! Peter Hedges also wrote About a Boy.
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
It's an Animation/ Adventure directed by Andrew Stanton. It's not sad
I understand. I can recommend you Wonderful World of Color
It's an animated, fantasy TV show produced by Disney.
You are welcome. Let me know if I can help you more
Frederic Mugler and Bernard Knox may be contemporaries.
is listed as well as
He's listed under  as well.
I think he is a good athlete from Murrietta. Do you like him?
He's a good golfer too, but I'm just concerned with the issues surrounding him. Since we are talking about golf, have you seen the movie Caddyshack?
Oh yes! Bill Murray is exceptional in this one.
Roald Dahl wrote Charlie and the Chocolate Factory. Have you read the book or seen the movie?
oald Dahl wrote The Wonderful Story Of Henry Sugar And Six More. Have you read that?
Ok great! i hope you enjoy!
Certainly! Mila Kunis has starred in such movies as Santa with Muscles, Oz the Great and Powerful and Jupiter Ascending. Have you seen any of these?
A genetically engineered hunter arrives on Earth to locate Jupiter Jones, making Jupiter finally aware of the great destiny that awaits her.
I absolutely will! Are there any others you'd like me to add?
My pleasure!
He wrote Mariana, and La Sombra Del Viento.
He released this in 1999.
Yes, it is a really good book.
Yes he stars in a lot of movies. Any particular genre you would prefer? Crime fiction, science fiction, Horror, action?
5 Card Stud and Witness Protection are good action movies he's in.
1968 was the release of this one.
Sure, enjoy :)
The Fellowship of the Rings is written by J.R.R Tolkien. Are you interested in fantasy novel or similar genre?
Sure. Have you read The Hobbit?
Anything else?
He wrote Toy Story 3, and directed Monsters Inc.
Tom Hanks, Tim Allen, and Lee Unkrich.
No, He starred in Monsters University.
It released in 2013.
You're welcome.
Sure, she has written The Tale of Peter Rabbit, The tale of Mrs. Tiggy Winkle,
Sure, I would suggest The Sword Thief and The Rise of Theordore Roosevelt. Would you like more?
What genre do you like? Adventure books like the Hunger Games and Tarzan of the Apes are good.
OK, Wither and Witches Abroad may be good for you. Would you like them?
Sent. Anything else right now?
It was written by Maya Angelou and is a biography. Do you like biographies?
Yes. She has also written The Heart of a Woman and Letter to My Daughter. Do either of those sound interesting?
He is most famous for writing The Raven.
You're welcome.
Yes he's a fantastic golfer. He won the 2006 and 2007 PGA Championship.
I'm not sure about that. He's had several relationships. lol He had a relationship with Rachel Uchitel and Lindsey Vonn.
I didn't know that he had any kids. He has 2 children, I'm assuming by Elin Nordegren.
Yes their first child was born in 2007 and the 2nd was born in 2009 around the time that all of the scandal about him took place.
Yes, he was in The Tempest and Unlawful Entry. Would you like to hear more?
Yes this is a modern interpretation of this play by William Shakespeare, who also wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream.
You're welcome.
He starred in What to Expect When You're Expecting
Yes, it is a comedy
I recommend Deadpool 2
For sure, they're my favorite in the AFC West.
Yeah, Reid is good, though I did like Dick Vermeil, too. I've seen most of the games but I missed the last one.
Yeah he did. Their coach now is Jeff Fisher, though, right?
I could tell you that Will Smith starred in this movie, alongside Adam Baldwin. Does this refresh your memory?
Your right, including Thandie Newton as well.
Rosario Dawson, and Robinne Lee, stars in this movie
I think you'll like the movie Top Five, she played a good part in it.
Is htat the movie starring Tom Cruise?
He was in Vanilla Sky. Technically, it was a Fantasy film, but it had a lot of action in it.
Exactly! I thought Cameron Diaz did an amazing job in the film. Have you seen it too?
Yes, I would, it is a romance novel released in 2003
Sure, Thomas Lennon is the creator of the TV show Reno 911! Have you seen that?
Yes I can. It is a fictional crime show on Comedy Central.
I do not unfortunately. It is a very funny comedy show.
I'm glad I could help.
I don't know of any. It was written by Shel Silverstein in 1964.
The Giving Tree is a picture book. Two other picture books are The Dot and Owl Moon.
The Dot was released in 2003, and Owl Moon was released in 1987.
Glad I could help!
Do you like children's fiction as well, like The Giving Tree?
Tikki Tikki Tembo is a picture book released 1968, do you like those?
Life mystery like the transformation of a worm into a butterfly I can recommend: The Very Hungry Caterpillar by Eric Carle. Time for supper!
The topic were Giving Tree genre children's book so let's go with the facts!
Sure! He wrote Tom Sawyer & Huckleberry Finn. Have you read it?
It is a drama/action genre. Are you looking for similar books?
Your welcome! Also check out The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson. You might enjoy as well.
Oh, he's so great. Do you have a particular genre you like. Liam Neeson has been in a wide variety of films.
I like them all! The Next Three Days was a romance film starring Liam Neeson. He did some voice acting for The Nut Job, a comedy. Christiana is one of his dramas.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I am not a basketball fan. Have they ever won a championship?
Football and soccer. How about you?
Football party snacks are the best! Enjoy!
they are pretty good. they are in the afc. do you like them?
yes i am a steelers fan. who do you think will be in the super bowl this spring?
probably. who do you think will win?
i hope the steelers win we will see. who is your fav cowboy player?
i like antonio brown. have you ever seen a cowboys game in person?
Yes, I root for him with the Spanish National Team and FC Barcelona. Do you enjoy soccer?
I like him some. I know he's also on the National Team. Is he on Real Madrid now?
Sergio is a very good midfielder for FC Barcelona..
Sur his one of the novel is The Princess Bride and The General's Daughter, Misery
The Princess Bride is fantasy fiction and The General's Daughter is Thriller
It Released in 1999 , do you like thriller?
Sure , thanks
Sure, Jodi Picoult also wrote The Tenth Circle, The Pact, and Picture Perfect.
Yes she wrote House Rules and The Storyteller.
The Storyteller was released in 2013 and genre is Fantasy.
You're welcome. Anything else I can help with?
Have a great day!
Sure, I do have about Hotel on the Corner
Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet is written by Jamie Ford
Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet has genre Fiction. Do you like Fiction?
Ok, Wolf Hall and Wideacre.
Absolutely. She directed Zero Dark Thirty and The Hurt Locker. Are you familiar with them?
It was written by Mark Boal, who actually also wrote The Hurt Locker.
Joel Edgerton and Daniel Lapaine are in it. Do you like those actors?
You are so welcome!
Yes, A Confederacy of Dunces was written by Walker Percy and John Kennedy Toole as a comedy? Do you like comedies?
It was released in the English Language in 1980, in New Orleans, one of his favorite cities.
Yes, he also wrote The Moviegoer, which ws lreased in 1961. That was the year that Ten Apples Up on top was released too. Have you heard of it?
You welcome, enjoy!
Yes! He starred in The Civil War. Do you like history films?
You are correct. Ken Burns is a writer and also a musician.
Did you know that he performed with an acoustic guitar in a rendition of Family?
Then maybe you should listen to Wyclef Jean or Woddy Guthrie
No problem
I am Number Four was written by Pittacus Lore. Have you read that novel?
Yes. It is the first book from the series Lorien Legacies. There are 7 books in total.
Yes. There is a movie named I am Number four adapted from the same novel. Have you watched the movie?
Great ! Enjoy the movie.
This book was written by the famous William Shakespeare.
I don't have that information. But this books was released 1603
Not sure, but Gnomeo & Juliet was.
Patrick Stewart was in the movie too.
Sorry, I don't have that information but I hihgly recommend to check out A Midsummer Night's Dream movie.
Big fan then!!
I sure can recommend The Age of Innocence, starring Stuart Wilson for you.
I do not have any info on that.
Yes, how about trying To Kill A Mockingbird?
That one is starring William Windom and Robert Duvall
You are welcome.
Sure, it is a crime movie starring Colin Farrell. Do you like the actor or the genre?
Sure, I think you may like his other movies like The Way Back, The War Zone and The Recruit
It was released in 2003 and stars another famous star Al Pacino and it is about a brilliant young CIA trainee who is asked by his mentor to help find a mole in the Agency.
Would you like me to check based on the story continuation, or the actors?
Yeah, she was in that movie, would you like me to check on something based on her?
I believe Matrix Revolutions is a good start, is that one what you have in mind?
Glad to be of help
He starred in Virgin Territory.
Yes that was written by Giovanni Boccaccio.
Ok, Great!
HE is a cartoonist and here are other similar cartoonist Harvey Kurtzman, Dan Jurgens and Brian Ralph. Do you want the authors too?
Sure , He was an American cartoonist and editor. His best-known work includes writing and editing the parodic comic book Mad from 1952 until 1956, and writing the Little Annie Fanny strips in Playboy from 1962 until 1988. His work is noted for its satire and parody of popular culture, social critique, and attention to detail. Kurtzman's working method has been likened to that of an auteur, and he expected those who illustrated his stories to follow his layouts strictly. Do you need to know more about him?
you welcome.
Yes, I quite enjoy Nicholas Cage movies, and Thriller Mystery genre. What about you?
I'm not familiar with Lord of War. I might have to look for that myself. Are you a fan of Eamonn WAlker?
I'm not familiar with him either but it appears he's been in quite a few things like Blood and Bone; A Lonely Place to Die; Unbreakable. Have you seen any of those?
I am not very familiar with him but I know he is a basketball player. Are you a fan of him?
He has played for the Lakers. I believe that is his current team who have recently played against Dallas Mavericks.
You are welcome. Perhaps I will take up watching Basketball as well.
I sure can! Have you read Little Women? It's such a great book.
It was as well as White Oleander.
I love her! She's a fantastic writer.
It's one of my favorite sci-fi books by Robert A. Heinlein and released in 1961. Do you like science fiction?
Heinlein was influenced by Orson Scott Card. I wonder if that influence shows through in the The Past through Tomorrow?
I love The Puppet Masters. I wonder if my local library has a copy? I need to reread it!
Sure, The Giver is Science Fiction, do you like science fiction novels?
City of Golden Shadow and Death Masks are good ones, would you like to hear others?
You are very welcome, please enjoy
Oh yes! Tom Hanks and Vin Diesel were starring that movie.
My favorite Tom Hanks movie is Forrest Gump. It is war themed as well and has drama components. I guess you will love it! And very funny!
Tom Hanks is unfortunately not starring in The Manchurian Candidate but Denzel Washington. He is a great actor as well.
The mist is a similar movie
I am not sure about it
Sin city is the similar movie
I sure can, Its a kind of romantic comedy with Adam Sandler and Julie Kavner, and it came out in 2006. Do you like Adam Sandler movies?
She did! She also starred in Stepford Wives on TV as well as Deconstructing Harry.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! You might like The Spiderwick Chronicles if you'd like a family movie. Do you have a preferred genre?
He certainly was. If you like Martin Short, you can also catch him in Merlin with Miranda Richardson and Helena Bonham Carter.
You are welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I have a couple movies. Do you like Tom Hanks?
Great. I have Apollo 13 a historical film.
No problem. Is there anything else in which I can help you today?
Great.
Sure she wrote The Tombs of Atuan and The Other Wind.
Speculative Fiction. It's like Zoe's Tale and Z for Zacharia. Do you like this genre?
Zoe's Tale is written by John Scalzi. Xenocide and Wyrd Sisters are other good choices.
I will send them in a few minutes. Anything else I can assist you with?
I know it's the The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo in English. Have you read the books?
It was written by Stieg Larsson and Reg Keeland
Get the books!
Do you like Titanic because you like movies that are directed by James Cameron?
James Cameron also directed Aliens and True Lies.
True Lies is considered a thriller.
Emma
I would recommend his book Wyrd Sisters.
Yes it is science fiction, are you interested in that genre of book?
Next in Series follows the Wyrd Series in the science fiction fantasy collection.
Do you like that film because of the producer, Judd Apatow? He's marvelous in about every position he does.
As a producer, he has done such films as This is 40, which stars Tom Everett and Tatum O'Neal.
He wrote Funny People, which is a comedy. It stars George Coe. He also wrote Knocked Up, which is loosely considered a drama but is more comedy from what I understand.
Judd Apatow produced Get Him to the Greek, which is quite funny.
There is Forgetting Sarah Marshall, Bridesmaids, and Drillbit Taylor, all popular comedies that happen to be produced by Judd Apatow as well.
The Good, the bad, and the Ugly is a western written by Sergio Leone starring Luigi Pistilli
Sergio Leone also wrote and directed Once Upon a Time in the West, and Once Upon a time in America.
Once Upon a Time is a classical film. It was released in 1968.
You're welcome, Enjoy!
She wrote Dream Dark, and Beautiful Redemption
Sure. The Dark Knight Rises was written by Christopher Nolan. Do you like crime fiction movies?
Have you seen Inception? That is good sci-fi movie. It stars Tom Berenger.
Glad I could help.
Yes! Sylvia Plath wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath and The Bell Jar. Is there anything specific you'd like to know about her?
The Journals of Sylvia Plath was released in 1982. I have not had the pleasure of reading it before.
Other books released in 1982 include; War Horse, The Women of Brewster Place, and The Valley of Horses. Does that answer your question?
I have that War Horse is a war drama.
Erik Larson wrote Thunderstruck. anything else i can answer for you today?
Thunderstruck has genre Drama. do you want me to find some historical fiction books?
Thunderstruck is in language English. English has examples: At Home: A Short History of Private Life. what else can i do for you?
you are welcome have a great day
That was a good one! Agatha Raisin and the Quiche of Death was like it and apparently so was Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows. Both are mysteries and have twists.
Do you have a articular genre in mind?
Think of a NUmber is a great Psychological Thriller! It was written by John Verdon.
Glad I could help you solve that case! Anything else I can help you with?
Great, enjoy!
Did you like it because it was Erotic Romance, or because it was written by E. L. James?
Other Erotic Romance novels include Bared to You and Beautiful Bastard. Have you heard of those?
That one was written by Christina Lauren. I'm seeing great reviews!
Absolutely, I hope you enjoy!
It was released in 2004 as a sequel to The Bourne Identity. The book was written by Robert Ludlum. Do you like thrillers?
It is also considered a mystery and starred Antony Starr. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, and also in another TV drama called Banshee.
It's a good movie starring Will Smith. Do you like him?
That also had Jaden Smith in it. Did you see his movie Karate Kid?
He was. He was also in The Day The Earth Stood Still with Keanu Reeves. Did you see that one?
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie.
Sure, Do you like Jude Law movies like Hugo and Cold Mountain?
Hugo also stared Micahael Stuhlbarg and Brian Selznick. I can telll you more.
Hugo is a Mystery. It also is considered an Adventure film. It was directed by Martin Scorsese. Another good one is Sky Captain. Want to know more about that one?
OK. Anything else I can help with/
Have a nice day!
Neil Jordan wrote The end of the Affair (romance), and The Good Thief, (drama). Any interest?
He's written Michael Collins, Shade, and Mistaken to name a few. Does any of those sound interesting?
It falls under Psychological fiction. Do you enjoy this genre?
If you're willing to wait there is a new book about to be released on Dec 1, 2018 Bleak Harbor: A Novel by Bryan Gruley
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy the options. Have a nice day.
Yes. Jorja Fox is a model, actress and musician. She is most famous for her role in the film Memento. Have you seen that movie yet?
Zoe Kravitz is an actress that starred in the film Allegiant and After Earth. Do you like Sci- Fi movies?
Yes she starred in the Yelling to the Sky with Tim Blake Nelson.
You are welcome. I'm happy to help.
Yes, he has written The Hiding Place and God's Smuggler. Have you read either of those?
The Hiding Place is a Non-fiction autobiography. It was released in 1971.
No problem. If you read it and enjoy it, then you should also try, When Bad Things Happen to Good People.
Saina Nehwal plays Badminton.
I have in the past. Yes and
Yes that is correct.
Starred in The Making of star wars
It is a drama genre
Kenny Baker starred in that movie
There is no information about that
Thank you
Welcome
Prince Caspian: The Return to Narnia was written by C.S. Lewis and was released in 1951.
The Narnia series is considered to be in the Children's Fantasy genre. Would you like to read this book?
Children's Fantasy is children's literature with fantasy elements. These would be works of fiction as opposed to nonfiction works that would include such things as biographies and scientific works.
Sure! One of her Children's Literature books is A Little Princess, it was released back in 1905.
Yes it is! Are you interested in other Fiction, like maybe Wuthering Heights?
No it was written by Emily Bronte and Richard J. Dunn.
You are welcome!
Ring Two would be a good choice.
There's an English version.
Elizabeth Perkins and Naomi Watts.
Boston Celtics is coached by Doc Rivers and they are champions of 2008 NBA Finals
Yes it is. Doc Rivers also played basketball. He was a Point guard
Yes it is and so is 17 Again is starring Zac Efron
Sure, he wrote The Secret Agent: A Simple Tale, and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer. Have you read either of them?
I'm unsure, but I know The Secret Agent: A Simple Tale was released 1907. Do you like older literature?
I like newer literature, but I know Joseph Conrad was influenced by William S. Burroughs.
I don't remember, but I know D. H. Lawrence was another author that influenced him was D. H. Lawrence
Silver Linings Playbook is a movie starring Bradley Cooper and Jennifer Lawrence.
She was in Winter's Bone, The Hunger Games movies, and Joy.
Winter's Bone was one of her first movies. If you like Hunger Games you should watch it.
Yes she was. I also recommend those for you.
I hope you enjoyed them.
Yes, great history great city I believe Doc Rivers is the coach?
Yes, he is from Santa Monica
I think he tried Basketball poit guard. WHat other sports do you like
Yes The NBA is very entertaining I think Wade is retiring soon
She wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. One of her influences was Bram Stoker. Do you like horror books?
The Swan Thieves was released in 2010. Have you read it?
The Historian is more of a suspense. Do you like books about vampires?
I would recommend The Shadow Land. It's an historical novel you might enjoy.
I believe The Princess and the Frog did it was written by Don Hall.
Things Behind The sun Wild Life
Yes she was. She was also in The Whole Nine Yards.
Kim Dickens, Don Cheadle
Do you like because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Have you watched Transformer: Revenge of the Fallen? It is Sci-Fi and also a family movie.
The movie was release in 2009 and was directed by Michael Bay.
you're welcome. Have fun watching
Could you recommend a book written by Beatrix Potter?
Sure, Gareth Bale was born in Wales, and plays midfielder for Real Madrid C. F of the Wales National Football Team.
Yes it is near Luton Airport. And they travel on Monarch airlines.
You are welcome. Hope the information helps.
Yes, Milos Forman directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, Man on the Moon, and Amadeus. Do you like him as an actor?
I do not have any mor information on that title, but i can provide more information about One Flew over the Cuckoo's Nest.
OK. One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest is a prison drama released in 1975, starring Danny Devito
You are most welcome. Can I help you with anything else?
Great. Let me know if I can be of further assistance anytime
Not very well. It appears she wrote Como agua para chocolate.
I think you're correct. But, she was given credit for the above work also. I did find that she was married to Dwayne Hickman who starred in The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis.
Apparently, there are two people with the same name. The one associated with that books was the translator. I don't know what it's about. Sorry.
In 1989.
You're welcome.
Tony Tanner is an author, director, and choreographer who worked on Strictly for the Birds and The Sandwich Man.
It starred Michael Bentine, Dora Bryan, and Harry H. Corbett.
My apologies. I cannot find any books written by Tony Tanner. Perhaps he was not a book author. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are quite welcome!
Sures she has starred in a few What's Up, Tiger Lily?, What's New Pussycat?,Take the Money and Run.
Woody Allen was in that movie.
Wonder Wheel
I have The Dark Knight is written by Christopher Nolan. Do you like this recommendation?
What about The Dark Knight is starring Monique Gabriela Curnen?
Awesome!
Your're welcome!
The Wedding Girl, Anybody out there? are similar reads
The wedding girl is romance; Anybody out there is Humor fiction
You are welcome. Hope you like it
Sure! Do you like Comedy films? You may want to see Shopgirl.
I am afraid I do not have that information. You may want to also check Zoolander and the sequel Zoolander 2. That movie is hilarious!
Zoolander stars Ben Stiller. Do you want Comedy films with Jennifer Aniston?
You might like Just Go With It. She starred with Adam Sandler.
This season , I think they might win the game
I would definitely recommend, they play well
Ok, reminder is set up. have fine watching the game.
I certainly do! His most famous book is probably The Godfather which was co-written by Mario Puzo. Have you seen the film?
Not that I can find. Do you like drama? I can give you some recommendations in that genre if you like.
One of my favorites is The Crucible, written by Christopher Bigsby and Arthur Miller. Do either of those sound familiar?
The Crucible was released in 1953. That is also the same year when The Adventures of Augie March was released. That one was written by Saul Bellow.
I suggest Wonder Boys or Women in Love.
No problem! Happy to help.
Yes, she is most famous for the Joy Luck Club.
It is a Fiction Novel. I hear it is very Popular.
The Giver is a Sci Fi Written by Lois Lowry, I haven't had a chance to read that one yet.
No Problem at all.
V for Ventedda is classified as a science fiction film, as well as a mystery and political thriller. Which type of movie would you like me to look for?
Sure. You might like Aeon Flux or World War Z.
You're welcome.
Yes, he's a known for his talents as a quaterback, for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like football?
He's listed amoung other quarterbacks like Vince Young and Troy Smith. I love watching the super bowl, especially the commericals.
I hoping that the Philadelphia Eagles win again. It was great to see a fresh new team. I wonder who will do the half-time show?
That would be great! That would make the super bowl worth watching? If it's confirmed maybe I'll have a Maroon 5 theme. What about you, do you theme your superbowl parties, or are you a guest?
You too.
Sure! Are you partial to Keanu Reeves?
Then you'll like that it doesn't get much closer than the movie "The Matrix Revisited."
They fall under the Science Fiction genre.
You're welcome! Glad I could help!
She wrote Much Ado About Nothing. Do you like books about England?
Oh, many and also plays. You've probably heard about Romeo & Juliet or A Midsummer Night's Dream? Can I recommend others?
I can recommend The Taming of the Shrew or Macbeth.
It was an okay movie, Sandler's other work it better.
The Waterboy or Happy Gilmore. Just for starters.
Peter Dante, Clint Howard, Allen Covert...
your welcome
I think they are great! They've won a lot of Super Bowl Championships. I've seen XVI live!
Candlestick Park was lit! Kudos to Miami Dolphins too. They were just outdone. It was awesome.
I'm solid 49ers fan.
Yes. Jean M. Auel is a writer noted for The Valley of Horses, The Shelter of Stone and The Plains of Passage to name a few. Have you read his literary pieces?
Cool, then you will love Valley of Horse as it is in that genre. The book was released in 1982
Sure. Here it is.
Brendon Urie is a pianist, singer/ songwriter that composed New Perspective, and Ready to Go.Do you like his music?
He does pop rock, pop punk, and some of his songs are American Life, Teenage Dream and The Joshua Tree.
Brendon Urie plays the piano, oboe, Guitar, keyboard drums and chello. He is quite the musician.
Yes, it was written by Micheal Connelly
The genre is fiction
It was written in 2007
Your welcome
Sure! Paul Greengrass directed United 93, he Bourne Supremacy, and The Bourne Ultimatum
Yes, United 93 is a Thriller, DocuDrama, Crime Action Film. Do you want to know who starred in it?
United 93 is starring Susan Blommaert, Peter Hermann, Khalid Abdalla, and Gregg Henry to name a few. I think you would enjoy this movie if your a fan of Paul Greengrass.
Gloria Stuart starred in Titanic, Wildcats, Gold Diggers of 1935 and the Old Dark House.
It's a Romance, and historical period drama
You are welcome.
Certainly! Two main actors were Ki Hong Lee and Jacob Latimore.
One of those was The Scorch Trials, written by James Dashner.
He directed Hotel Rwanda which starred Don Cheadle. Do you like movies about war?
He may have written it with Keir Pearson. He's also listed as its producer.
Yes he was. I would recommend that movie. It was nominated for several awards.
You're welcome!
The Princess Bride is a Romance like the Sea Glass and Kiss of the Highlander. Do you like romance genre?
The Scarlet Letter, A breath of Snow and Ashes are two examples. Do you like fantasy like Lord of the Rings too?
Yes, the Time Machine by HG Wells is an example. Doomsday Book and the End of Eternity are too.
Your welcome, take care!
It's a 2005 book written by J.R. Ward about vampires. Do you like that genre?
No, is that part of a series? Did you like it?
Oh! There's also a fantasy film with that title by Stephanie Meyer.
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller?
Do you like movies directed by Joel Scrumacher?
The Lost Boys is one I would recommend
the starring actors and actress are Jason Patric, Corey Haim, Dianne Wiest, Barnard Hughes
You're welcome
I know it was written by Gregory Maguire and released in 1995.
He also wrote Mirror Mirror and Lost. Are those of interest?
No, it was made into a play. And Lost was a TV show. Do you want to watch it?
I have not read it, but I see it had great reviews
Sure, she's great. She has starred in The Life and Death of Peter Sellers, and Young Adult.
Diablo Cody wrote it, have you seen anything else she's done?
Yes, she did! Also Jennifer's Body is a great one.
The Twilight Saga: New Moon is a romantic movie starring Robert Pattinson and Kristen Stewart. It was directed by Chris Weitz and released in 2009. Would you like similar movies?
Then you'll like Remember Me, Water for Elephants, Vanity Fair, The Twilight Saga: Eclipse and The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn. Have you seen any?
It's a romantic movie and stars Robert Pattinson, Lena Olin and Pierce Brosnan
Gosh I haven't followed them since Joe Namath played for them. Aren't they in the
I used to like the Carolina Panthers but not so sure now that they've lost four games in a row. Didn't the Jets play at Shea Stadium a long time ago?
Yes there was a lot of history there. Wasn't it a baseball field, too?
Yes Pulp Fiction is starring Samuel L. Jackson
Yes he starred in Avengers
You are welcome
Oh yes! He's going to really be good one. He has one the Rookie of the Year Award and NBA All-start Game Most Valuable Player in his young career.
Oh I didn't know that too! With the likes of Jordan and all other players who have won that Rookie of the Year award no doubt.
I'm a Laker fan. You?
Sure. That book is part of a series. The next in the series is A Spot of Bother.
He also wrote the Red House.
The series of The Curious Incident of the dog in the Night was written for children and won the Guardian Children's Prize.
Ok sorry, those are the only children's book's I could locate. Can I help you find something else?
Mark Haddon also wrote a Spot of Bother.
Sure. He directed Rango, The Lone Ranger, and The Mexican. Do any of those sound interesting to you?
It falls into action, adventure, western. Do you like those?
Great! I hope you enjoy it. Have a great day!
I believe it was both a book and then also a movie directed by Curtis Hanson
It is a crime novel I believe, do you enjoy those?
World War Z is more Science Fiction than crime. If you enjoyed that one you may enjoy Warehouse 13
Enjoy!
Oh. Eric Carle is a fantastic children's writer. He wrote The Very Hungry Caterpillar, The Very Quiet Cricket, The Very Busy Spider and many others.
Most of his books can be categorized as picture books. Outside of Eric Carle some other picture books I recommend are Tikki Tikki Tembo and The Polar Express has an excellent picture book version.
It was written by Chris Van Allsburg and Robert Zemeckis. Chris also did the interior illustration obviously very talented.
great choice on author! He wrote Thunderstruck, and Isaac's Storm: A Man, a Time, and the Deadliest Hurricane in History.
Sure, the genre is drama! Have you heard of it before?
I sure do! It was released in 2006, would you like to purchase it?
Okay, let me know if you need anything else?
Imnot sure. I know he is a cricket player born in Delhi.
I bet on it,not so much watch. What about Yuvraj Singh?
I like other athetes like Shaun White
Yes- would you like recommendations of books written by the author Charlaine Harris?
Yes she wrote books but I have not read them. He also wrote Living Dead in Dallas, All Together Dead
Living Dead in Dallas was released in 2002 and All Together Dead was released in 2007.
Douglas Adams wrote many books, including So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish. He also wrote the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
The Hitchhicker's Guide to the Galaxy was made into a movie and was released in 2005. I remember that stars Martin Freeman, Sam Rockwell, Mos Def, Zooey Deschanel and the voices of Stephen Fry and Alan Rickman.
I recalled it was a short lived TV series back in the 1980s, also it was a series of books as well. I know The Restaurant at the End of the Universe was the second book in that series as well
Absolutely. Enjoy!
I can't see any now but did you know Eminem starred in Pauly Shore Is Dead
He also starred in Funny People and Eight Mile
Funny People Stars Leslie Mann and Adam Sandler. It was directed by Judd Apatow.
hello, David M. Evans wrote Hocus Pocus.
Cat's Cradle is a dark satire and also written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
Absolutely, just ask when you need more recommendations
She starred in Wag the Dog and Wimbledon.
Yes, she also started women in love.
Yes, and Alan Bates. I think this is the movie you should watch!
Rodger that!
Sure Orlando Bloom also starred in Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest and it's an action movie. Do you want more action movies?
He also starred in Love and Other Disasters with Richard Wilson.
You are welcome. May I help you any more?
Isn't he a soccer player?
I have. Do you like that movie?
It is odd that Soccer is called football in most other countries. But yes, I like it.
Great! Do you like similar books written by Victoria Aveyard or would you like to hear books like Red Queen?
Victoria Queen also wrote Queen Song, King's Cage, and Glass Sword. Have you read any of these?
The book was published in 2015. In the same year, Sue Grafton released X. X.
Enjoy reading!
Toni Kroos is a German footballer who is currently playing for FC Bayern Munich and the German national team.
Thomas Muller and Mesut Ozlil are two of the teams most well known players.
Toni Kroos is a midfielder just like Eric Abidal and Angel Di Maria.
Seven Psychopaths and Bruges are two of the movie he has written.
I'm not sure who else was in it, but Ralph Fiennes also starred in Wrath of the Titans
It was written by Greg Berlanti, and Rosamund Pike is also in it. Have you seen Wrath of the Titans?
It is an adventure film, similar to Young Sherlock Holmes.
Yes, Steven Spielberg is a great writer, producer and director. Did you know he wrote The Goonies?
Your welcome.
I think he is pretty good! I don't listen to his music much but I loved him in the movie 'Friends with Benefits'. Have you seen that one ?
I think so too! She has alot of great movies. Do you have a favorite Justin Timberlake song ?
Oh definitely! I grew up listening to NSYNC and Backstreet boys.
Adolph Caso is from Italy.
Of course! I highly recommend II Principe.
It is but the II Principe is also translated in English. It is called , The Prince.
Sure, you got it! The Sandman: The Wake was also written by the same author and should be fairly similar.
Yes, you are correct! Would you like to know when it was released?
It was released in 1996. Would you like to purchase it?
Yes I sure would, and it has amazing reviews!
No problem, anytime!
I have not really followed them but I know they are owned by Jerry Richardson and they play in the NFL.
I like baseball the most and remember that George Halas played both baseball and football.
I actually grew up with the LA Dodgers but, I liked Kevin Costner in the baseball movie, Bull Durham.
The Secret Life of Bees was written by Sue Monk Kidd. And it starred Paul Bettany.Are you interested in Teen drama?
I don't right now,but she also wrote The Mermaid Chair.
Sorry I didn't know more. Hope you enjoy
Oliver Twist is a great one. You should check it out
The Old Curiosity Shop is a great one. You should read it
You are welcome
Here are a few action movies I can recommend; The Dark Knight, Spider-Man 3, and The World's End.
Sure! He starred in Get Shorty - very popular film. Have you seen it?
Mystery. Actually adapted from the book.
Miguel Sandoval and Rene Russo are both in it, among others. Strong cast.
You're most welcome! Enjoy!
I don't know much about him except that he wrote Van Helsing which starred Richard Roxburgh. Have you seen that.
Not sure if they are in it but Elena Anaya is in it. Its a vampire horror flick. Are you into that genre?
She's in The Skin I Live in and Talk to Her.
He is in that I believe.
I think you're right. Thanks for the tips
I would be happy to. Armageddon was written by Tony Gilroy and directed y Michael Bay. Are you familiar with Michael Bay's work?
It's actually a thriller about the end of the world.
I thought so but you never know, haha, sorry for the misunderstanding. Michael Bay is responsible for Transformers and the Ninja Turtle movies.
Sure! Under the Dome is written by Stephen King. He is brilliant! Do you want other books written by him?
He also wrote The Dead Zone, The Talisman, and my personal favorite, Creepshow.
Creepshow is a cult classic that was made into a movie. It's based on a horror comic, so it is a compilation of stories and urban legends.
You are welcome! Hope you like it!
I think she has a amazing voice, her album 21 is one of my favorites.
Yes it is, they are amazing artists. Both of them won a grammy for best new artist.
He wrote Winnie the Pooh
He also wrote When We Were Young
The genre is fiction
He was a great Point Guard when he played for the Pistons and played college with the Hoosiers. You like basketball?
Dennis Hopper starred in the movie called Hoosiers, a basketball drama film. Have you seen it?
Barbara Hershey also Starred in it
Yes, Back to the Future is one of his most popular! Have you seen it?
Yes he is the writer of that one. Also of the very popular movie The Polar Express starring Tom Hanks. I would certainly recommend it this time of year especially.
You are very welcome, enjoy!
J.R.R. Tolkien is most famous for writing The Lord of the Rings. Have you read it?
Another work that was also turned into a movie is The Hobbit. Did you know the Stephen Colbert is a huge Tolkien fan?
Happy reading!
I don't know a whole lot about him just a few things. Like I know he played football.
Sure! She starred in Get Real and Valentine's Day. Have you seen those?
That is a Romance film. Are you interested in Romance?
Beautiful Creatures is very good! You may like that one.
Yes, he wrote Snow Angels starring Tom Noonan and Nicky Katt
Yes. She also starred in Strangers with Candy and Tanner Hall
Yes, he did star in it too. His starred in Monsters vs. Aliens also.
Sure, Enjoy!
Leo Tolstoj wrote нна аренина which was relased back in 1877. A classic hey.
Rickie Fowler plays golf
Yes, hilarious movie! Rodney Dangerfield was also in that movie!
Absolutely. It's was Quentin Tarantino's first script.
He acts a little in each film, a smaller role. The film is an action thriller
The former Beattle? I do! He wrote Yellow Submarine. I still can't believe he was murdered by that man, what was his name?
I couldn't agree more! Yes, Paul McCartney is great too. Did you see him in All Together now? He starred in the film.
I haven't, I will definitely be watching it. I need a good movie in my life right now. Thanks!
Would you like to see Planet of The Apes? It is a science fiction movie like The Matrix.
How about The Man From Earth? Would you like to watch that movie?
Okay, showing The Man From Earth now
Yes! I recommend The Godfather : Cinematography:
The director of this movie is Gordon Willis.
Never Let Me Go was written by Alex Garland and has a genre of Thriller and Science Fiction. Are you interested in those specific genres?
The Legend of Korra is great find and also a tv show under the same genre! Have you read or seen this series?
Yes they are both great series!
Yes, I like it and also the author Becca Fitzpatrick, it is a great movie genre Young-adult fiction, have you watch it or onoly the book
Yes, this one was released 2012 and has genre Adventure Film
Yes, most of the movies written by Gerry Conway are very good.
Sure Bill Bryson wrote A Short History of Nearly Everything. Similar books are The Road to Little Dribbling, and The Lost Continent: Travels in Small Town America.
Yes, I do have it, and it is written by Douglas Adams and it was released 1996 in English.
Yes, this is a good one about Zoology and was released 1990.
I would recommend My Family and Other Animals, it is a great one as well.
Sure, I add My Family and Other Animals to the reading list. Enjoy it!
Some others like Kung Fu are Madagascar, Rio, Alvin and the Chipmunks.. have you watched those ?
Rio is also an adventure comedy. The film is set in the Brazilian city of Rio. It tells the story of Blu( a male ,acaw) who is taken to Rio
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy !
Sure! Do you like that it is literary realism or a first-person narrative?
Madame Bovary is another classic in that genre. It takes place in France and was released in 1856.
It was written by Margaret Mauldon.
Yes, he is a writer and he wrote Atonement
The genre is mystery
Yes, it ended up becoming a movie
He starred in The English Patient
Of course, JK Rowling also writes Tales of Beedle the Bard. Have you read all of the Harry Potter series?
The Casual Vacancy is one you may like if you like her fantasy novels.
I hope you like it!
sure, do you like mystery novels or books by Tana French?
Me too! I might recommend Violets are Blue by James Patterson.
Perhaps you would like Trunk Music by Michael Connelly.
great. enjoy!
Me too! Have you read her book, The Diary of a Young Girl?
Sure. Do you like high fantasy book?
In that case, I recommend these following books : Wizard's First Rule, The Way of Kings, and The Sword of Shannara. Do you want me to continue with the list?
Absolutely. Enjoy!
Josh Hutcherson starred in the The Hunger Games Trilogy, have you seen those?
Yes! Simone Elkeles wrote such wonderful books as Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction. Do you enjoy her writing?
Wild Cards was published in 2013, the same year some other excellent books hit the market, including Innocence and Doctor Sleep. I highly recommend Doctor Sleep. Very well written.
I am unable to recall information on that book, but if you would like to read something outstanding of Simone's, try Return to Paradise. One of her best novels. Many agree!
It's about a man who leaves paradise with a secret he plans to take to his grave, although things don't work out the way he planned. A really intriguing read!
No problem!
It's a young adult novel by Laurie Halse Anderson. Are you looking for young adult novels?
She has also written Wintergirls and Chains. Have you read those?
I recommend them.
Yes, he plays for the German national football league, which is actually soccer unlike in America where football is it's own sport.
I actually do not much more about him except the fact that he plays for that league, but I do like watching soccer matches.
Oh, that's interesting. Thank you for the information.
That book is written by Marion Wiesel.
The author is from Austria and her husband Elie Wiesel co-wrote it with her.
I never did but I have heard about it before.
Your welcome.
It was written by Sylvester Stallone and Dave Callaham. DId you know Sylvester Stallone starred in it?
I have seen all the Rocky movies. Have you seen them?
I believe it is Assassins. Haven't seen that one yet.
Your welcome I am going to add it to my watch list.
He wrote Fool's Gold which stars Matthew McConaughey.
Ray Winstone and Ewen Bremner were both in it with Mathew.
Trainspotting is a great movie that he was in.
Of course.
He's a famous golfer from Northern Ireland. Do you like him?
No but I do love Ireland. Have you been to Dublin?
I have! Stephen Rea from V for Vendetta is from there. Have you seen it?
So you like Shakespeare? All her works are critiques of his work.
Some of Paster's works are A Midsummer Night's Dream: Texts and Contexts, as well as The Idea of the City in the Age of Shakespeare.
It's one of Shakespeare's best plays.
Also another good one. My favorite is actually Titus Andronicus.
He is a wonderful author. Have you read Catcher in the Rye, Nine Stories, or Franny and Zooey. I recommend Franny and Zooey.
Franny and Zooey is considered a Novella. Catcher in the Rye is a beautiful first person narrative.
You bet.
The cast of the Godfather includes Robert Duvall, Marlon Brando and Sofia Coppola. Are you interested in films by those actors?
Movies by Robert Duvall include The Apostle, Gods and Generals, Apocalypse Now and many others.
That's a great selection!
Samuel L Jackson was starring in it and it was written by Quentin Tarantino, are you looking for movies with the same actors?
Tarantino made another movie with him: Pulp Fiction. Absurd Triller genre.
Have a great day!
Still Alice is written by Lisa Genova and it is released in 2007, and based on the reviews it is a very good book.
Have you heard about Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, City of Bones or
Yes, the book is very interesting and there are a lot of details that are not mentioned in the movie. I would recommend it!
You are welcome!
Probably District 9, that is a popular movie he directs, it's an action.
Yes he also directs Elysium and Chappie, both thrillers!
Yes he is in it, do you like his acting?
He stars in The People Speak and Push, Nevada, Push as well! Did you know he also wrote Good Will Hunting.
Okay, enjoy!
Haley Joel Osment starred in The Sixth Sense. Do you enjoy supernatural genre films?
You might also enjoy The Lady on the Water or The village by the same director. Do you also enjoy TV shows in that genre?
Yes, may I recommend the True Blood, X-Files, or Twin Peaks series?
The Dark Knight Rises is written by Christopher Nolan. Christopher Nolan wrote Memento. I would recommend that.
Yes and he is also in reno 911 which I love.
Crime fiction. Do you like that genre?
You are welcome.
Yes I do, they are in the Steam Punk and Mystery genre, very Gothic. Want to know more about it?
Lemony Snicket is the author as is Daniel Handler with Brett Helquist. It is part of the series of Unfornate events.
Next in the series is The miserable mill you should check it out
The Reptile room is also in that same series
Great, if you want more information just ask. Have a great day
Great, have a great night
He wrote the Hiding Place, and God's Smuggler to name a few. Are you curious about either of those?
I believe it's a Thriller, but I am not sure if it is fictional or not. i know the other work the Hiding Place is non-fiction.
No problem, enjoy.
Sure! He wrote Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, Parts One and Two. Have you read those?
The Silkworm is a good one.
I believe it was released 2014 same year To all the Boys I've Loved Before came out. It's a crime fiction book.
Yes, Al Pacino starred in Looking for Richard, along with Estelle Parsons.
Yes, Kevin Spacey also starred in Looking for Richard.
Yes, Estelle Parsons also was a starring actress in Wilde Salome.
An actress, Jessica Chastain, starred alongside of Estelle Parsons in Wilde Salome.
You're welcome.
It was written by Yann Martel, and it's in the genre of Adventure fiction. Do you like Adventure fiction?
Sure, Adventure fiction has the examples Tom's midnight garden and Tomorrow, When the War Began.
You are so welcome!
David Benioff wrote The Kite Runner. He also wrote the City of Theives.
The City of Theives was released in 2008. I don't have a release year for The Kite Runner.
Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Liam Neeson is a great actor. He's also been in Love Actually, Kinsey and Schindler's List.
Yes. He was in that with Ed Harris, another amazing actor.
Do you mean Liam Neeson or Ed Harris?
He was also in New Year's Eve and Date Night.
You're welcome.
Im not sure whothey are, is that a major league baseball team?
Oh, I know them, their color is silver and their howme arena is safeco field
do the Yankees play at Safeco Field
Sure! McG directed movies like We Are Marshall, This Means War and Terminator Salvation. Would you like more recommendations?
Definitely, We Are Marshall stars Jamie Linden, Matthew MConaughey and Kimberly Williams-Paisley. Wold you like movie recommendations about one of these actors?
That is a war film starring Edward Norton. If you like war movies, you might enjoy Journey from the Fall.
Then I think you'd like Keeping the Faith. It's a comedy-drama similar to The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel.
Enjoy it!
Yes, let me find a book for you. Do you like The Fault in Our Stars because it is a Young-adult fiction?
Cool! The Book Thief is another great Young-adult fiction like The Hunger Games and The Fault in Our Stars.
Markus Zusak. H
Sure, Robert A. Heinlein was an American science-fiction writer.
Yes, Time Enough for Love is a science fiction novel by Robert A. Heinlein,
Sure, Stranger in a Strange Land and The Moon Is a Harsh Mistress written by him
J.J. Cohen starred in Back to the Future, which is the most known. But first appeared in Paradise Motel that was released in 1985- then later that year Back to the Future was released.
Cloverfield is a similar science fiction film that was released in 2008 and stars Odette Annable and Liza Lapira. It was produced by J.J. Abrams.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Do you prefer crime or action films?
I might suggest Independence Day then, starring Vivica A. Fox.
Yes, I see that she also starred in Kill Bill: Vol. 2.
You got it.
Morgan Freeman acted in this movie. Would you mind if I chose movies based on this actor?
Yeah, he was.
It's a History movie, to be exact
Yeah, including Billy Bob Thornton.
Sure, do you like movies starring Michael Caine?
I sure do. It was written by Richelle Mead and considered Young-adult fiction and Urban fantasy. Do you like those genres?
Sure, Turn Coat, True Blood, and Touch The Dark are a few that come to mind. Do you like Karen Chance? She wrote the last one?
It's the first in a series that touches on Speculative Fiction as well.
You got it, enjoy!
Do you like Fantasy books? He wrote The Mad Ship which is Fantasy.
The Valley of Horses and The Looking Glass Wars are two Fantasy books I recommend.
The Looking Glass Wars is about a girl stepping through a looking glass into a fantasy world. Did you know it was written by Frank Beddor?
You will not be disappointed with Frank Beddor's work.
Any other Fantasy novels I can help you with today?
Oh definitely! She wrote Dream Dark, Beautiful Redemption, Beautiful Darkness and Beautiful Creatures just to name a few. The majority are Young-adult fiction/romance. Do you like those type of books?
That is the first book in The Caster Chronicles series followed by Beautiful Darkness, Beautiful Chaos and then Beautiful redemption.
I agree! Series are definitely my favorite as well.
Is she the singer of Titanium?
I only know Titanium. What other songs did she perform?
Oh I love Adele. I am really fond of her voice and her songs. Do you like her?
Brilliant Drama about War and UK was written by Christopher Hampton. Would you like to read it?
It's a great book about World War II set in London with compelling characters. Did you know that there's a movie also absed on it?
It was released in 2007 and starrs Keira Knightley and James McAvoy.
Enjoy and let me know if you liked the movie.
Eh, take him or leave him. Besides being a basketball player did you know that he starred in the film Imagine That?
I did actually, have you seen their commercials with him in it? He also Produced a documentary film called Tyson, have you seen it?
It appears so, Did you know that LeBron James has also produced a Television production too?
What did you like most about the movie? The romance, the mystery or the thriller parts of it?
Then I can recommend Houdini and The Escape Artist. SImilar movies that I think you will enjoy.
The 1953 version stars Tony Curtis and Janet Leigh. Since they were spouses it might be fun to watch.
Done. Get some popcorn.
Frostbite is written by Richelle Mead and was released in 2008.
I don't have a genre for Frostbite. I do have genres for other books written by her. Would you like more information?
Succubus is an urban fantasy book and Shadow Kiss is a dark fantasy book. Do those book sound interesting?
Shadow Kiss was released in 2008.
You're welcome. Can I help with anything else?
Yes I can. 21 Jump Street is an adventure film. Do you like this genre?
Some adventure movies to check out are Year One, Tremors, and The Perfect Storm. Would you like to know more about any of them?
The Perfect Storm stars George Clooney, Mark Wahlberg, and Diane Lane, among others.
Shrek 2 is an animation. Are you interested in that genre? Puss In Boots is a good one! The Toy Story Series is also a family movie.
Right now, there's 3 but they will release the fourth one in 2019. Who is your favorite character?
That's awesome to hear! Keanu Reeves and Tom Hanks will be there in the new movie.
I do! His book The Polar Express is adorable, my son loves it! Have you read that one ?
He also wrote Jumanji!
I apologize, those are the only 2 I'm aware of.
You're welcome!
Sure thing! He directed Monsters University. Do you like animation films?
Although he didn't direct it, Dan Scanlon starred in Cars by Walt Disney.
Walt Disney also distributed Cars 2 written by John Lasseter and You Again starring Jamie Lee Curtis. That film is a classic!
If you like Fight Club, you will also enjoy Choke.
It is a Black Comedy written by Chuck Palahniuk.
Would you like me to play Haunted for you?
You got it. Now Steaming.
He plays basketball and won NBA Rookie of the Year award so he must be pretty good.
He also won the John R. Wooden Award. Do you know if Shaq or Wilt won that?
I remember watching Michael Jordan play for the North Carolina Tarheels. Such an amazing athlete.
I believe the book It, was written by Stephen King. Did you know he wrote The Wizard and The Glass?
He also wrote the book The Stand. Did you know that Tom Holland, starred in that movie?
Glad to be of help
He's got nice voice. Sure liked Makes Me Wonder. How about you?
Oh that's a good one, too! I like his vocal coaching on The Voice, as well.
Yeah, I had that song he wrote for Despicable Me in my head the whole summer it was released!
3: 10 to Yuma stars Christian Bale, Logan Lerman, and Gretchen Mol. Do you like movies starring any of these actors and actresses?
One of the most recent films starring Logan Lerman is The Vanishing of Sidney Hall. It is a drama released in 2017.
Great, I hope you enjoy it.
It's a very good movie, many famous actors are in it like Scarlett Johansson, Robert Downey Jr., Chris Hemworth, etc. Do you like Sci-Fi - Action movies?
The most well known of her work I would say, We Bought a Zoo and Hail, Caesar! Have you seen these two?
You're welcome. Enjoy.
Okay, she wrote The Velveteen Rabbit. Have you read that?
It a romantic book written by Ernest Hemingway, do you like his books or romantic ones?
H wrote Islands in the Stream, A Moveable Feast, A Farewell to Arms
Sure, have fun reading!
Jupiter Ascending was directed by the same director as The Matrix.
Mila Kunis
Skyfall is written by Ian Fleming and was as a film. It's a spy film starring Daniel Craig and Ralph Fiennes. Are you a fan of James Bond?
I'm not really that familiar with Bond films so I'm going to have to defer to you
What's wrong with Daniel Craig?
I kind of like the K-Pop genre. Are you a fan?
Sure, Tablo and SMTOWN are examples.
The New Cars and The Lemonheads are Power pop artists, but I don't know any songs
Good athlete with tennis and model.
yes she played in the US Open this year
Carla Suarez also played in it this year
The Hobbit is classified as High Fantasy.
The Children of Hurin is also a good book you may enjoy.
That book was written by J.R.R. Tolkien, same Author as The Hobbit Series.
No problem!
He wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland which is fiction
It is both fiction and fantasy, do you like fiction?
You may like Castle Roogna, Children of the Mind and The Abstinence Teacher
Liane Moriarty wrote What Alice Forgot; Three Wishes; The Last Anniversary and others. Do any of those sound of interest to you?
What Alice Forgot was released in 2009. Do you think you'll give it a try, or would you like to try something else by Liane?
The Last Anniversary was released in 2010, and is contemporary humor & satire. Think this is more interesting than What Alice Forgot?
Sure thing! Have a great day
He wrote Snow Angels starring Michael Angarano and Connor Paolo. It's a romance. Do you like romances?
Yes, he was! David Green also wrote All the Real Girls.
It stars Zooey Deschanel and Shea Whigam. It's considered a drama.
I love her, too! She's amazing! Hope you enjoy it!
He wrote The Last Lecture. Have you heard of it?
The Last lecture is a nonfiction book. Randy Pausch was also in Star Trek, believe it or not. If you like nonfiction, I'd also recommend Seabiscuit.
Seabiscuit is a nonfiction book about a racehorse by Laura Hillenbrand.
VIsions of Sugarplums is by Janet Evanovich and Tuesdays with Morrie is a memoir. Both are very good.
I do, I really like his pirate movies. Have you seen The Pirates of the Carribean?
The Rum Diary,Dark Shadows, Edward Scissorhands to name a few.What kind of genre are you looking for?
Last year he was in the remake of Murder on the Orient Express , You should check it out
Welcome Hope you enjoy.
District 9 is a thriller movie written by Neill Blomkamp starring Sharlto Copley,,Kenneth Nkosi and more. Are you interested in any of them?
Yes. It was directed by Neill Blomkamp.
Yes. He has also directed Elysium, Chappie.
I love Batman. it's an action movie. are you into action movies?
Zombie Hunter is great. If you like Zombie Hunter you will love a movie call The Visit, Have you seen it?
yes it's a horror film and World War Z is another good movie.
No problem. Enjoy.
I think they are being helped by a goad coach names Jose Mourinho. Do you like the team?
Did you know that he also coached Chelsea FC?
I believe he is from Portugal.
The Bourne Supremacy is directed by Paul Greengrass. Paul Greengrass directed Bloody Sunday. what else can i answer for you today?
Bloody Sunday is starring Tim Pigott-Smith. what else can i do for you today?
Bloody Sunday has genre War. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
Chelsea F.C. won a lot of title and awards over the years. For sure you won't be dissapointed.
Chelsea vs Fulham will be playing tomorrow at 4 PM in Stamford Bridge. It'll be an exciting match for sure!
David Luiz is their best defender, Didier Drogba as the Forward, Frank Lampard as Midfielder and more!
I do, sort of. I prefer Demi Lovato who is similar.
I do. That was a good one. Did you know she is friends with Miley Cyrus?
She also hangs out with Taylor Swift too.
Green Eggs and Ham is written by Dr. Seuss. Would you want to check out books by Dr. Seuss?
Sure! Dr. Seuss' most popular children's book are : The Cat in the Hat, One Fish, Two Fish, Red Fish, Blue Fish, and Oh, the Places You'll Go! Do you want me to proceed with the list?
Any time! Is there anything else that I can assist you with today?
I know that he writes some of his songs and is a singer. He's listed with singers like Justin Timberlake. Do you like Justin Timberlike?.
That movie stars Christian Bale and Bradley Cooper. Do you like either of them?
He starred in The Words, which is a mystery. He also starred in Silver Linings Playbook, which was a romance.
He starred in and was the executive producer for The Words. It looks like an excellent movie.
It's a romance and a mystery.
John Berendt wrote The Lady & Sons Savannah Country Cookbook and The City of Falling Angels.
The City of Falling Angels has genre Non fiction
I'm not sure of it but The Lady & Sons Savannah Country Cookbook was released 1998.
Yes it is written by Tatiana de Rosnay and released in 2007.
She has written Boomerang whichwas released in 2009. Does that sound interesting?
I'm not sure but I do know it is in english
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like The Aviator, because of Leonardo DiCaprio?
The Aviator is directed by Martin Scorsese. I can recommend Blood Diamond.
You will enjoy it!
Manny Pacquiao starred in Warm Bam Pac's The Man. Have you heard of it?
I believe he was, yes.
Yes, very interesting. Do you like sports movies?
Okay. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you like dramatic thrillers? If so, I have a great recommendation starring Tony Gilroy.
Michael Clayton is a great one that is written, directed, and stars Tony Gilroy. Have you seen it?
It also stars George Clooney and Ken Howard, as well as many other greats. Does it sound like something that you might want to try?
No problem, I am happy that I could help!
Do you enjoy books by the author, Sue Monk Kidd?
May I recommend The Secret Life of Bees and The Mermaid Chair by that author.
Yes, it has. Do you like movies that have been adapted from books?
You're welcome.
Superman returns is written by Michael Dougherty, would you like another movie written by him?
He wrote X-Men 2, and he also directed Krampus
No. Krampus is a Christmas Horror movie, would you like a different Superhero movie?
A few great Superhero movies are Unbreakable, The Last Airbender, The Spirit, and The Losers
Great!
If you like this illustrator, you'll enjoy Roald Dahl who wrote such books as James and the Giant Peach, Mathilda and The Twits.
Books that would remind you of that one include Abel's Island, Runaway Ralph, and Mrs. Piggle Wiggle.
Yes! Abel's Island was illustrated by William Steig, Runaway Ralph by Louis Darling, and Mrs. Piggle WIggle by Betty Knight.
My pleasure!
It was a good movie. Did you like Vivica Fox in it?
I did. It was pretty good. That was produced by Gregory Nava who also did Frida. Did you see that one?
He's awesome. I loved him in Fight Club. I know you've seen that, right?
No, I haven't, but it got great reviews.
Yes. Action movies are very exciting.
You, too.
Sure, do you like Mindy Kailing movies?
Sure, Mindy Kaling also wrote Why Not Me.
Why Not Me is a Romantic Comedy
Mindy Kaling starred in Despicable Me as well as No Strings Attached
I am not sure. I know it was written by Stephen R. Covey who is a great author. Have you heard of him?
Have you read his book titled First Things First: To Live, to Love, to Learn, to Leave a Legacy?
Yes, it is a great self-help book released the same year as Principle Centered Leadership.
Yes I do. I've been to his house!
He's my friends boss. I've been able to go to The Day After Tomorrow premere.
Independence day was also such a fun one to watch!
Ya, that was another really fun premiere! He has also won awards for his green practices in the film industry.
I think she is an excellent Badminton player, did you know she was in the 2012 Olympic games?
Do you follow other Olympic sports?
Well the 2012 Year was an excellent Olympics Venus Williams won at tennis and Usain Bolt at sprinting!
Sure, Eric Bress wrote The Butterfly Effect starring Ashton Kutcher. It's a great sci-fi thriller. Have you seen it/
Yes, he also wrote the Final Destination series. Other great thrillers include Shark Night and State of the Union.
Yes, you are correct.
Sure. She wrote Under the Tuscan Sun which is a romance novel. Do you like romance?
She also wrote Bella Tuscany, the Sweet life in Italy and Every day in Tuscany.
Hmm, I'm not showing that information.
You're very welcome.
Of course, A Thousand Splendid Suns is written by Khaled Hosseini.
Sea Prayer, is good one
It is genre fiction, also A Thousand Splendid Suns has genre Fiction and Novel.
Sure. Where the Sidewalk Ends: The Poems and Drawings of Shel Silverstein is written by Shel Silverstein. Would you like me to list some of his works?
Absolutely! Shel Silverstein also wrote The Missing Piece Meets the Big O, Falling Up, and Shel Silverstein is a/an Playwright.
You're very welcome! Is there anything more that I can assist you with?
Written by Kevin Williamson starring Rose McGowan and Neve Campbell.
Yes he also appears in Scream 4.
Yes and I like Courteney Cox.
New England Patriots has the legendary quarterback Tom Brady who took them to Super Bowl XLII and XLVI. He is really good
Yes, and she starred in it with Meryl Streep. I love her movies!
I didn't see The Iron Lady. But I liked Anne Hathaway in The Devil Wears Prada, and the Princess Diaries.
Anthony Daniels star are in Star Wars and The Empire Strikes Back Back.
I don't know. The Empire Strikes Back Stars Kenny Baker. Kenny Baker also starred in the Elephant Man a historical drama.
Both the Elephant Man and The Empire Strikes Back were released in 1980.
He actually starred in The Matrix Reloaded and Revolutions as well as The Human Stain. Are you a fan of his?
Those are some top notch movies from the time, did you care for Matrix at all?
Awesome! I'm sure you enjoyed Laurence Fishburne and Keanu Reeves.
Sure. He wrote Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas. Not only was he a writer, he was also a cartoonist.
I'm not sure anyone could live in the shadow of Walt Disney. I'm having trouble finding specifics for Ralph Steadman but I believe he illustrated many of his own works.
I believe these days he works mostly in political and social caricatures.
It is a book written by Becca Fitzpatrick and is part of a series. I hear it is quite good.
Well if you enjoyed Silence, you might like Finale, that is one of her books too.
Glad to be of help, one last fun fact, Finale was released in 2012.
Sure! She wrote Wicked Business and Wicket Appetite, which is very good.
Wicked Business was released in 2012 and was edited by David Brenner. Do you know of him?
It looks like he only edited Wicked Business, as he's a film editor. Would you like to know anymore about Wicked Appetite?
Oh yea! He's a great singer, guitar player. Isn't he married to Behati Prinsloo?
She's beautiful but he's adorable. Did you know he starred in Begin Again? I haven't seen it yet.
I love Adam as a coach on The Voice. He and Blake are hilarious!
Yes, Laura Joffe Numeroff wrote If You Give a Mouse a Cooke, and If You Give a Pig a Pancake, as well as some others. Would you like to read those?
Hmm, I didn't catch that. Can you repeat?
Yes it was! She also co-wrote If You Give a Pig a Pancake, and If You Give a Cat a Cupcake.
Close! Numeroff and Bond also wrote If You Take a Mouse to the Movies. There's also If You Give a Pig a Party!
I'll add them to your library. Enjoy!
He was in Slumdog Millionaire. Its an awesome film.
It was released in 2008. FYI it was written by Vikas Swarup and Simon Beaufoy. You should definitely try to see it.
Will do.
The Table tennis player is an amazing athlete in the sport, do you watch table tennis?
I am not sure but I do know that he played in the 2012 Summer Olympics, do you watch the Olympics
I usually don't watch the Table Tennis, I like Track and Field and Volleyball. You?
His was a relay
I'm not too familiar with his work, but I do know he's starred in The Skulls a Drama written by John Pogue. Have you seen it?
The Skulls stars William Peterson, Rob Cohen and Paul Walker, one of the stars of Fast and the Furious.
The Skulls is a Drama and The Fast and the Furious is a Crime/Thriller. Do you like those?
I think you will really like them, enjoy!
He wrote Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil about Savannah Georgia.
Martin Gardner is know for one of his greatest writings Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.
This book series is listed under Speculative Fiction and Children's Literture. Do you like fiction?
Through the Looking-Glass is another great book for children. Would you like to know more?
Would you like me to refer you based on Percy, or Maurice?
She wrote a similar title, The Modern Prometheus, but they call it Frankenstein. Were you aware of this?
I'm only aware that The Modern Prometheus, was released in 1818, would you like to know of more?
His music is great. We Rode in Trucks is one of his most popular. Do you know it?
I sure am. Like SHania Twain?
I agree
Yes I do. In fact, it was written by Victoria Aveyard, one of my favorites.
Red Queen is a young adult fantasy novel. She also wrote Queen Song and King's Cage
I am not sure but it was released in 2015.
The team owned by Woody Johnson?
I don't see any dates of death for him and I haven't heard anything
Oh, Face/Off starring Nicholas Cage? If so, then yes. It is a very exciting thriller film.
Yes, I think he's great too. He was also in a film called The Sorcerer's Apprentice. Have you seen that?
Okay. He starred alongside Liya Kebede in Lord of War as well. Perhaps you will like that.
Sure Lord of War was written by Andrew Niccol. He also was the one who wrote The Truman Show.
I hope you enjoy.
I know that he is a writer
I think he writes music have you heard of the writer Will Rogers?
No I believe he write films
He is a pretty good Power Forward for the Pistons.
I am more of a Cavaliers Fan myself. Who is your favorite team?
Cool. Well-rounded sports fan.
I do. That was written by Beatrice Sparks in 1971.
I'm having troulble with additional titles. She was a screenwriter, playwright and a journalist.
If you like her you might try some titles from Stephenie Meyer.
I wasn't a big fan of Barney but I did like her in Princess Protection Program and Camp Rock. Did you see either of those?
Wasnt Vanessa Hudgens in Spring Breakers too along with Jeff Jarret and Selena Gomez? That was pretty good movie too
Weren't Hudgens and Zac Effron in High School Musical together. That was a fun one to watch.
I have to agree. It's been so long since he's one anything. I think he last one the PGA Championship in 2008
I have to agree. It's been so long since he's one anything. I think he last one the PGA Championship in 2008
I heard. Didn't he date Kalika Moquin too?
He has a couple kids too, right?
I sure can! Colin Trevorrow directed movies like Safety Not Guaranteed and Jurassic World.
Safety Not Guaranteed is a sci-fi movie. Other sci-fi movies you may be interested in include Cloverfield and The Legend of Korra.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
The Battle of the Labyrinth is an American fantasy-adventure novel.
Yes, it was written by Rick Riordan.
Rick is recently going to launch his new book named 'Aru shah and the end of time.'
You are welcome..Have a great day!
Yes, she's writtenquite a few books including Tess of the d'Urbervilles:A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented. Are you interested in her works?
Yes, she's written other books like Lines of Fire,The Cricket and the Ant and Nurses at the Front.
Unfortunately Tim Dolin is not the correct author, The original book,Tess of the d'Urbervilles is written by Thomas Hardy from United Kingdom. Are you interested in his works?
Yes, Joseph Conrad wrote The Secret Agent
Yes I do. Also, Joseph Conrad wrote Lord Jim.
Yes, and most of his books are genre fiction!
Sure. That stars Bill Murray, are you a fan of his or just the movie in general?
I am not sure of any with a similar setting, but Bill Murray stars in a political drama film, The Lost City, is that something that would interest you?
It also stars Dustin Hoffman and Andy Garcia. You might want to give it a try.
It was categorized as a romance film, fashion, drama, comedy genre.
Sorry, I don't have that information but I can highly recommend Romance films like The Sun Also Rises and The Sign of Four.
It is one of the favorites in this genre, you can miss it.
Yes Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is written by J. K. Rowling. Would you like a similar book?
Yes another excellent book written by J. K. Rowling is Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Yes, The Cotton Club and War Hunt are similar to The Godfather.
Richard Gere, and Diane Lane star in the Cotton Club.
I do. Do you know he is an athlete and plays basketball?
I am not familiar with the Oklahoma City Thunder. Are you a fan?
How long have you been a Lakers fan?
Sure, Fight Club is a Psychological thriller. It is starring Eion Bailey who was also in another psychological thriller called The Canyon
Yes, I can suggest you What Lies Beneath, Videodrome and Vanilla Sky
Nina Baym wrote The Scarlet Letter which has the genre romance novel and was released in 1850. Would you like more information about this?
Similar reference titles include The Story of Philosophy, The Mysterious Affair at Styles and The Adventures of Tom Sawyer.
Of course! That book was written by Mark Twain with a genre of fiction and children's literature.
You're most welcome. Anything else I can help you with today?
She is a great actress! She has been in The Perfect Storm, The King of Comedy, and The Color of Money. Have you seen any of those?
The Perfect Storm also starred Josh Hopkins, George Clooney, and Dash Mihok. Are one of them the male actor you're thinking of?
George Clooney is great! He has also starred in The Monuments Men and Welcome To Collinwood.
Did you see the first two, The Bourne Identity and The Bourne Supremacy?
The Bourne Identity introduces you to the character. It was a great movie.
The genre is mystery as well as thriller for all the Bourne movies.
William H Macy and Delroy Lindo have starred in movies like Sahara with him, so I would say they are pretty similar. Have you heard of them?
Breck Eisner directed it. Have you seen it?
You are welcome, you will like it!
Yes, It is a series and the next book is called the Scorch Trials.
Luc Besson wrote From Paris With Love.
Yes, Kelly Preston starred in that movie. I cannot find other actors from the movie. Did you also know that Kelly Preston was married to Charlie Sheen?
Yes. Some action films are Zulu, Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters, and Young Sherlock Holmes.
Do you want other Natasha Preston suggestions?
Silence is the first book in a series about Oakley Farrell. Broken Silence is the next in the series. She also wrote The Cellar, and its sequel.
It came out in 2012. The most recent book in that series Silent Night came out in 2014.
There is If you Take a Mouse to the Movies, If you Give a Pig a Party and If you Give a Pig a Pancake.
Hmmm... I don't know that info .
How about Under the Skin by Michel Faber released in 2000?
You're welcome.
I would start with The Neon Demon.
Yes, Keanu Reeves and Charles Baker. Do you like Keanu Reeves?
It is a Thriller/Horror movie.
I hope you enjoy!
He's a great actor. He stars in movies like Zathura, The Kids are Alright, and The Hunger Games movies.
Jon Favreau directed this film.
The Jungle Book and Elf are a couple of popular ones he has directed. He is also directing the upcoming new Lion King movie.
You as well.
Amy Tan wrote The Valley of Amazement and The Joy Luck Club. Do you like fiction novels?
Yes are you interested in that kind of novel?
Maybe, it's a family saga
I recommend Anybody Out There? and Wondrous Strange.
Marian Keyes wrote it and Angels.
Yes!
Yes, He is an athlete who plays football.
I haven't. Is it similar to Jerry Maguire?
I like it because it has real life football players like Troy Aikman. Do you remember him?
Have you read books by Colleen Hoover?
She her most popular book is Hopeless which is part of a series. It's a contemporary romance
It was originally published in Dec 2012, and was followed by Losing Hope.
No, the rest are rubbish
Have a good one
Sure. She has starred in a few films like Vamperifica, The Sitter, and a crime drama called Compliance. Do any of those titlesi nterest you?
Compliance is a thriller and crima drama, with Dreama Walker as the lead.
I do! Pat Healy and Ann Dowd starred in it as well. Fun fact; Ann Dowd won the National Board of Review Award for Best Supporting Actress for her role.
Happy to help!
Hello yes The Secret Life of Bees it is written by
She does have a lot more books to choose from with different genres
She does have a lot more books to choose from with different genres
I would recommend The Mermaid Chair it is a really good one
I do like female authors like Emma McLaughlin. Did you know she is from Elmira?
William Gibson is another well known author. Want to know more?
Zig Ziglar is a great author as well. He has published many works.
I don't have the answer for that but he is a motivational speaker as well, Zig Ziglar writes a lot of things.
I think self-help, mostly. Zoe Heller is another author.
A little. Most of what I know is from a New York Mets fan's perspective. I do know that George Steinbrenner owns them and they are an American League team
Yes. Nothing makes me happier and symbolizes the end of winter like a spring training game. do you agree?
Well mark your calender for Feb 21, 2019. Baseball will be back with a vengeance.
Hayao Miyazaki wrote Ponyo. Ponyo has a genre of Family, have you seen it?
oh great it comes HIGHLY recommended! Did you know it also has a genre of Drama?
Ponyo is considered an Anime and was released in 2009
youre welcome! i hope you enjoy!
no i do not
No. The set is the same as all the individual books. Do you have a favorite?
I agree! They're all great. The complete Harry Potter boxed set was released in 1998.
It was. IT was also the year that You Can Win and You Belong to Me was released as well.
Are you interested in business or fiction?
A related author is William S. Burroughs.
Naked Lunch is a good book by William S. Burroughs.
It is. Another fiction book by Burroughs is Junkie.
No problem!
I don't actually know that much about him other than he's a forward and played for the Brazil National Football team, right?
I like sports a lot actually. And I love sports movies too! Have you seen Bend It Like Beckham?
Oh yeah, he was good in that movie!
Moon 44 and stargate are some you might like. Anything else I can answer?
they are both science fiction adventure films about space. you should watch them. anything else i can do for you today?
Roland Emmerich directed 2012. 2012 has genre Drama what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome. is there anything else i can do for you?
anytime
That's a great choice! Did you like it because it's a Thriller?
The Big Bang is a good thriller movie as well as Skyline.
It is! He also starred in Training Day, but that's not a thriller.
Yes, Christopher McQuarrie wrote the political thriller Valkyrie starring Kevin McNally.
They Just got Lebron James so that is a big Benefit.
I'd say so. Plus The Lakes already have a good record, several NBA Finals Championships under their belt.
They are a good team too. Derek Fisher is a great player to have on the team.
transformers
pass
Sure do. It is a Urban fantasy Young-adult fiction book. Do you like these kind of books?
Richelle Mead wrote it. Another good book in that genre is Wildwood Dancing.
It is from a series of five books actually.
It is Vampire Academy.
haha, okay. You are welcome.
Yes, I like him. He is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a right back for French club Paris Saint-Germain and the Brazil national team
Jérémy Ménez is one among them. Are you a fan?
Yes, they play well enough
Sure. Windtalkers, Passchendaele, The Lying Game and The Mentalist are all in the same genre.
Windtalkers is a Thriller and a similar thriller starring him is Knowing.
It is an excellent movie about the end of days. Other films including him are The Cotton Club and Bangkok Dangerous,
ok
Yes, Twilight was written by Stephanie Meyer and made into a movie starring Taylor Lautner and Kristen Stewart. Are you interesed in that genre?
I believe he was in Breaking Dawn.
He was also in Seduction and Grown-Ups.
You're welcome.
She wrote China Dolls and Snow Flower and the Secret Fan. Have you ready those?
She was born in Paris, France. The book was published in 2014.
The Author is J. Daniels, but I'm not sure about the other languages.
You're welcome.
I like her songs Tik Tok, We R Who We R, and Your Love is My Drug. Do you like her music?
She is a singer, she is mostly the Dance-pop genre. Do you like dance-pop?
I think artists like Rihanna, Madonna, and Lady Gaga are all dance-pop.
I don't have a lot of knowledge about her but I've heard she had a relationship with Tiger Woods and one of the sports she player was alpine skiing.
I don't have more information about her, but I do have a couple of facts about Tiger Woods. He won the 2006 open championship a British open
Of course, Nina Baym wrote The Scarlet Letter
Yes it is, Do you like Romance novel?
Sure, Wide Sargasso Sea.
The Rosie Project was written by Graeme Simsion.
Kami Garcia wrote Dream Dark
It was released in 2011
She wrote A Gathering of Shadows I believe.
No I do not sorry.
That is correct
He wrote The Inheritors and The Spire.
I will save it for you. Anything else I can do for you?
Your Welcome
BTS is a Contemporary R&B, pop boy band right?
Is Talk That Talk affiliated with Rihanna?
I like rihanna, she has some great music and she is an amazing designer
Yes, he wrote The Strange Case of Dr.Jekyll and Mr Hyde, for example.
I cannot find this in my history files but it must be fiction
I do see another one in his listings, but I cannot actually pronounce it as this is it: рилаение на кан
Yes, he did also write Lolita according to my records.
I cannot locate that fact in my data base but will continue and report to you if I find this to be true.
Ok. My pleasure to help you.
I do. He is from Massachusetts. he has also written This is How You Lose Her. Are you interested in his other works?
Sure! The Surgeon is written by Tess Gerritsen. The novel is categorized as crime fiction. Have you read this?
I highly recommend it if you are a fan of thriller crime fictions. Other books you might like are The Sinner and The Mephisto Club.
Deception Point was written by Dan Brown, it's a Techno Thriller and was released in 2001.
Sure World Without End, Without Remorse, and Whiteout are all very good thrillers.
You are welcome. I Hope you enjoy it!
Jack Thorne wrote Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, Parts One and Two. what else can i do for you?
J.K. Rowling wrote Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, Parts One and Two. what else can i do for you today?
J.K. Rowling wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them: The Original Screenplay. what else can i answer?
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them: The Original Screenplay was released 2016. what else can i do for you today?
glad i could help
Actually, I think he is an auto racer. Did you also know that he is an actor?
Yes, I think so. That was a very interesting film. There are others about auto racing. Have you ever seen The Fast and the Furious series?
Michelle Rodriguez is great in that, don't you think?
Do you know that he starred in Men in Black 3?
Yes, actually Lady Gaga and Tim Burton were in the movie too.
yes, you will enjoy it a lot!
Not really I only know of him because he is with Gabrielle Union who I like. Do you follow him?
Yes, my favorite movie of hers is Think Like A Man. Have you see that one?
Yes it is a good romantic comedy, good for a date night.
I like most Matt Damon movies, but I can't remember which Ocean's movie is which. It's a good series though.
I think the cast were pretty similar in most of the Ocean's movies. I became a Matt Damon fan after seeing Good Will Hunting the first time, did you know he wrote that?
Yes, they actually wrote it together.
Yes I do recommend it. It is one of my favorite dramas of all time, and it was directed by Gus Van Sant who has made a lot of great movies.
Enjoy.
He's ok. I'm not a big fan of the Pistons. I'm more of a UK fan.
University of Kentucky. They have several but I would say it would be Quade Green.
Eragon is written by Christopher Paolini. Christopher Paolini wrote Inheritance Cycle, Eldest and Brisingr
Eldest is a Fiction, Children's literature
Christopher Paolini wrote Eldest & Brisingr (Inheritance, #1-2)
Are you referring to Peter Dinklage who starred in The Station Agent?
Yes some other movies hes starred in includes X-Men: Days of Future Past, Underdog, The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian, The Boss and The Angry Birds Movie! Have you seen any of those?
The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian has a genre of Family! It also stars Damián Alcázar and Pierfrancesco Favino!
Yes, how about The Long Riders or The Pathfinder? Both of these movies contain Stacy Keach.
No, they are older movies. The pathfinder was released in 1996 and the Long Riders was released in 1980.
Yes Stacy Keach starred in both The pathfinder and also The Long Riders.
You are welcome!
The Nanny Diaries is written by Emma McLaughlin. Want to know more?
I don't know of any other books by this writer
You are welcome. Emma McLaughlin was born in Elmira, though.
The Torn Curtain and the Trouble with Harry are really good movies.
He wrote The Torn Curtain. which was directed by Alfred Hitchcock.
It is a thriller as is most of Hitchcocks films, I would suggest watching many of them.
I thought he was great as a composer in Dirty Dancing and as a star in Desperado. How about you?
He's also a great piano player and is married to Anna Kournikova.
He has twins Nicholas and Lucy with Anna.
You're welcome!
J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan, which was released in 1904.
I can reccomend titles released in the same year, such as The Sea World by Jack London, and Streams in the Desert by Lettie Cowman.
Sure! The Sea Wolf is an adventure novel, and later turned into a film, still titled "The Sea Wolf" in 1913. It actually starred author Jack London appearing as an unnamed sailor.
Well if you wish to know, Jon Favreau starred in Made the movie. Were your aware of that?
It's both a Thriller and a Reality show
Jonathan Silverman for one, did you know that he starred in Weekend at Bernie's 2
I'll make a further check on that for you later on. Anything else?
No problem
That is written by JJ Abrams and also wrote Joy Ride have you read that?
Do you like to know about them?
Boston Red Sox baseball team is owned by Tom Werner, John W. Henry and John Farrel is there coach.
Yes. They were Established in 1901.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
Have a great day!
Stephen Curry is also a professional golfer and a black belt
I like Dwyane Wade and Kyrie Irving
Sure, she wrote Silence, Hush, Hush and Finale. Would you like books similar to those?
Yeah, I use to go to high school with her. She's not bad at tennis. Are you a fan?
Lots of people including Serena and Maria. She was India's 1 in 2013. Do you play tennis?
I think the big tournaments are over for the year.
She's had a lot of hits. I think Taylor Swift is a better singer however.
I think she was in Valentine's Day, is that right?
Jennifer Garner is very talented.
Definitely! She was in National Lampoon's Vacation and The House Bunny. Have you seen them?
Both of those are comedies. National Lampoon's Vacation is an older one that comes on television around the holidays.
Jane Krakowski stars in that movie.
She has starred in serious roles such as Fatal Attraction as well.
You're very welcome!
It was written by Tennessee Williams and was released in 1947.
He did. Released in 1945.
Yes, it is a drama.
Will do.
Hello, John
I would recommend Spider Man 2 it was written by Miles Millar and was made into a movie.
Stan Lee, Same Raimi and James Franco star in the movie. Do you like movies with James Franco?
Yes he was in several great movies
Avenger Infinity War was his most recent movie
Your welcome
He's an athlete and play for Royal Challengers Bangalore.
The one who Basketball?
Yes, he's good.
He is. I love watching him play as a point guard. Does he play for Oklahoma City?
I didn't. Trey Burke is another one of my favorite point guards.
I do a little. I just think he's a great point guard. Thanks for the info.
I can, To Kill a Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee and the only other book by her is Go Set a Watchman.
It was released in 2015, is a sequel to To Kill A Mockingbird, actually it takes place before To Kill a Mockingbird, but was written after.
Yes it does, and takes place in Alabama in the book,I think.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Shannon Elizabeth and Rowan Atkinson are both in the movie.
She did alongside Regina Hall. You should watch The Great Dictator if you like parodies.
Your welcome.
Yes, it is a story written by Marion Wiesel. Do you like this writer?
I'm not sure what genre it is. It was written in 1958.
Yes, Un di Vei Hot Geshvign is written in English.
Great, I think you will like reading it. Is there anything else I can help with?
Have a great day and enjoy your book!
Sure! The New York Knicks is coached by Mike Woodson and Derek Fisher. The team is owned by James L. Dolan. Do you like that team?
Yes he did. Before his career as a coach, he played as the shooting guard in basketball.
He is American. He's from Indianapolis, Indiana.
Hayley Atwell have starred in The Pillars of the Earth, The Sweeney, The Duchess, Cinderella, Captain America: The First Avenger are some of her movie. Are you interested in any of it.
The Pillars of the Earth is a thriller movie, starring Matthew Macfadyen, Donald Sutherland.
Sure. Is there anything I can help you with?
Sure. Richard Dawkins wrote The Selfish Gene, The God Delusion, and The Blind Watchmaker: Why the Evidence of Evolution Reveals a Universe Without Design. Have you read this movies?
The Selfish Gene is written by Richard Dawkins and was released 1976.
It's a fiction book that you will like!
Yes, he starred in The Great Silence, but his biggest movie was probably The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
Sergio Leone wrote and directed it, and it is one of the most famous Spaghetti westerns.
It is an adventure action film.
Sure! You might also enjoy The Bourne Identity, or The Border.
Enjoy The Border!
She wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard, The Silkworm, and of course, the Harry Potter series. Have you read any books from that series?
It was an English title released in 2014. You might also enjoy Career of Evil.
Robert Galbraith also wrote a version of that book. He was the author of The Cuckoo's Calling.
I'll add it to your list. You're welcome.
Yes, I do. It's Joseph Heller's most well-known work.
It's a satirical war novel, considered a historical fiction work.
War and Remembrance is a good historical fiction movie that focuses on war.
I really don't know much about him. But found he wrote Il nome della rosa. Il nome della rosa was released 1980
I haven't found anything else he has written. He is an english actor.
Your welcome, I am looking as well.
Yes! It is a great movie and I really like it stars Tom Hanks.
Yes, he starred in Larry Crowne which is a romantic comedy.
Sure, it was released in 2011.
No problem.
He is a Cricket player, right?
I am more into soccer myself. Are you familiar with Alex Morgan?
Yes! Her goal won the gold medal. It was her 4th goal of the tournament.
Certainly, wrote The Other Hand, Incendiary, and Old. Have you read them?
It is Literary fiction and it was released in 2008. Do you like literary fiction?
Oh I am sorry 2008 was when it was released. Would you like me to give other examples of literary fiction?
Incendiary is written by Chris Cleave and a literary fiction. He was from the United Kingdom
Sure The Thousand Autums of Jacob Zoet is in this genre also The Pale King
Sure, let me get that all set up for you
I do like some of Kesha's music, Your love Is my Drug, is the one I really like. Do you like any of her music?
Oh my Yes, he was the best rock a billy artist I have ever heard. He sang Walk the Line. What songs of his did you like?
I absolutely love the song A Boy Named Sue, and Ring of Fire, and of course Daddy sang Bass with his wife June Carter Cash.
Oh yeah just like his Dad and Granddad. All of their music is amazing. my favorite is 3 shades of Black.
Blake Shelton, Dolly Parton, Loretta Lynn and Carrie Underwood are outstanding coutry artist. Love country music.
Rainman and Cinderella Man. Both inspirational. By the way Ron Howard starred in your movie, and directed Cinderella Man.
Rainman and Cinderella Man. Both inspirational. By the way Ron Howard starred in your movie, and directed Cinderella Man.
Yes, along side Renee Zellweger. Do you like romance movies intertwined in sports history?
The cost is 3.99 for a four day rental.
Sure, Emma Donoghue wrote such books as the Room, Slammerkin, and The Wonder. Ever heard of any of these?
2006 was actually a pretty good year for books, some other works you may enjoy are When I'm Gone and You Will Know Me.
2006 was actually a pretty good year for books, some other works you may enjoy are When I'm Gone and You Will Know Me.
Yes indeed. Jessi Klein also wrote Samantha Who which is a TV sitcom. You should check it out.
I also enjoy that show. Rachel Ward stars in it, and she is one of my favorite actors.
You too! Enjoy your day!
It is written by Claude-Michel Schonberg would you like more suggestions from that writer?
Miss Saigon
Unfortunately I have no more information
It was released in 2012
The Fiction book, Number the Starts is written by Lois Lowry.
Lois Lowry is also popular for writing, The Giver in 1993. She has also written over forty-five children's books.
Yes. Although she has written many titles, I strongly recommend Number the Stars. It is a great book.
Clockwork Princess is written by Cassanda Clare and it has genre Adventure.
Cassandra Clare also wrote The Mortal Instruments, The Iron Trial, The Bane Chronicles and many more.
The Bane Chronicles is a series of connected novellas featuring the character of Magnus Bane from Cassandra Clare's The Mortal Instruments series.
I have not read this one, but I am sure you will enjoy as all seem to be joyful to read.
Sure! I have other comedys like Life Aquatic
Steve Zissou
No, I'm sorry. I can recommend other comedies though.
What about Jackass 2
Great, I'll send it to your screen now
Have you read the Thorn Queen or Vampire Academy?
Vampire Academy is a graphic novel.
It was released in 2011
Hope you find a new novel you will enjoy.
I do! It was written by George R. R. Martin and is a Speculative novel.
Yes, he's also written The World of Ice and Fire. Have you read that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he does play for Manchester, he also plays for the Argentina national team as well.
I'm a fan of Manchester United, did you know their coach is David Platt?
Do you watch many of the Premier League games?
He's been in a ton of movies. I love The Score because it also stars Robert De Niro
It's considered a Thriller and Suspense. Do you like those types of movies?
It was directed by Frank Oz.
He is a tennis player, right?
I heard heard his loss for Tommy Haas and Stan Wawrika
Indeed. Thank you
I know he is from India and plays Cricket. It's not a sport that is played much in my country though.
Bollywood seems interesting. I've heard a lot about Saawairya which is an adaptation of the Fyodor Dostoyevsky's work.
That's cool. I am a fan of Margaret Atwood who influenced Orwell.
If you like Fifty Shades Darker you will like The next series Fifty Shades Freed
Sure. I am happy to help. Have you read Carry On or Eleanor & Park?
Okay, there's My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories and also Landline. Both of them should be very good books.
Enjoy!
11/23/63 Was Written by Stephen King. He is known for horror novels. Does that interest you?
King has written many novels including Carrie,The Shining, Christine,All these are great and also movies.
Your welcome ,Enjoy!
Yes the revenant great film
Thriller
Yes the movie Under the stiars is a scary thriller
She is a very famous author. She wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream. Have you read it?
How to forget his remarkable work in Romeo and Juliet.
Yes, I am fan of Kylie Scott
Yes it is starring Morgan Freeman and it was released in 2010.
He also starred in Bruce Almighty released in 2003
Yes it is in the comedy genre. Also in the comedy genre if you like animated is Ice Age: The Meltdown
Enjoy!
Yes they are great I ike the coach Jason Garrett
THe tam is owned by Jerry Jones
Yes they have 5 superbowls
No problem glad to help
Yes, it was written by Stieg Larsson and released in 2007. Are you interested in this genre?
Yes, that is true. Similar to sne Seierstad and Yevgeny Zamyatin.
Yes, he did and he also won a Glass Key Award. Would you like to hear authors who influenced his writing?
You're welcome.
It's Post-Apocalyptic fiction book, so World War Z would be perfect.
Sorry, but I don't see a Romance film. However, World War Z is also considered a Thriller.
Oh, gotcha. 12 Monkeys is a very interesting and engaging film. Any interest?
You are very welcome. That's a great film! Enjoy!
Oh yes. Excellent director! He wrote and directed the film, The Doors. Have you seen it?
Yup. She's very good in it. Do you like her acting?
Michael Wincott starred in The Doors and was also in The Crow - a totally different movie, but a good one.
You're most welcome! Enjoy! It's a good one!
I like Katy Perry, she starred in the Smurts 2 and the Muppets, did you know that?
I enjoyed them as well, she is friends with Hayley Williams also.
I didn't know that at all. I didn't realize she was celebrity friends with Taylor Swift also.
It is a soccer team from England, it is a very popular team.
No, I think number one is Manchester city
Which team do you follow?
Boston Celtics!!
Sylvia Plath is a poet and author, she wrote The Collected Poems with Ted Hughes which was a big hit. Do you like Poetry?
The Collected Poems was released 1981. You may also like Siblings have you read this poetry collection yet?
Sure thing. He's written Moby-Dick and Billy Budd, Sailor.
Edgar Wright wrote many books like The World's End and Scott Pilgrim vs. the World. Are you interested only in his writing?
The World's End was adapted to film and produced by Edgar under the comedy genre. Do you like comedies?
Then you would love other comedies like The World End such as The Swindle and the Royal Tenenbaums. Fun fact: Edgar Wright also wrote and starred in Hot Fuzz.
I believe so. He is part of the Pune Warriors India. Probably even their best cricket player. Have you seen him play?
You should see Virat Kohli play. He is one good athlete.
Fairly exciting. It's a bit similar to baseball if you're interested in that.
Sure, I enjoy her singing and songwriting.
Probably No Tears Left to Cry.
No, I missed that. But I understand she's been in other TV shows and movies too. Have you seen any?
She was in Zoolander 2, too. Would you like to watch it?
Yes! He is an author from Daly City who wrote A Child Called "It": One Child's Courage to Survive. Are you familiar with this?
The book is a biography. You may also be interested in similar authors like Emile Zola and Zoe Heller.
Sure! He has written the novels Germinal and Nana. These are interesting French Literature.
Glad I could help! Happy reading!
Im not exactly sure, but I know Louis van Gaal is the coach
Isn't there an airport there?
Do you know if you can go through delta air Lines out of there
Yes, definitely, Tim Miller directed the Marvel entry Deadpool! Do you like the Marvel universe?
It is a speculative fiction book and was written by Lois Lowry.
Gathering Blue is another book she wrote that you might like.
Yes, Gathering Blue and Number the Stars both are.
She wrote Wicked, White House Kiss and Wait For You. Are you interested in her other books as well?
Wicked is a Play that won the Pulitzer Prize for Drama. Would you like more information about it?
It was released in 2014 and is the same genre as Antigone and Into the Woods.
I'm a fan of him! Have you read The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde?
Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde Book by Robert Louis Stevenson. I recommend to read the book as well.
Yes, Vladimir Nabokov also wrote Lolita. Have you read this one?
Right. I highly recommend this book if you like the works of Mervyn Peake.
Great Gatsby is a fantastic read by Baz. Have you read it?
Yes there was, and so was To Kill a Mockingbird which also has a film adaptation.
Brock Peters stars in that film. He does a great job.
You are welcome.
I sure do. That book is considered Romance, Drama, and Comedy-Drama. Do you have a preference?
Have you seen What's Eating Gilbert Grape or The Talented Mr. Ripley?
Me too! Any other recommendations?
It was released in 1991, but it seems like longer to me!
Ha, enjoy!
Yes, I do Sam Smith is Neo-soul R&B singer from the U.K.
I think it's Stay With Me
Let's see I think the name of his Album title is called "The Thrill of It All"
You're welcome!
Through the Looking Glass and The Nursery "Alice" are some of his notable works
I am sure you must have heard of Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, thats his work too
Sure. Glad i could be of help !
Niketa Calame starred in The Lion King the musical, written by Irene Mecchi.
It was release in 1994, same year as The Inkwell and Wyatt Earp.
Jackie Brown was written by Quentin Tarantino and Elmore Leonard. This movied starred Sid Haig and Samuel L. Jackson. Do you like crime movies?
Grindhouse was a great movie. Not only did Quentin Taratino write this movie but he also directed and produced it,
My pleasure, enjoy!
I haven't seen it, what genre is it?
I don't like Sci-fi, maybe that's why I haven't seen it. I haven't heard of him, is he a good actor?
Oh really, I guess I have to see Spiderman then
Sure you might like The Book of Life which has genre in fantasy and wa released in 2014. Does that sound interesting?
It's by Hal Hartley.
I don't know at the moment but I do know she is a musician and and a film director
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, it was written by P. C. Cast. It's considered you adult fiction and vampire literature. Do you like fiction and vampire books?
Sure. It's the 1st of a series. You could read House of Night which is next.
You bet! Anything else I can help you with?
Enjoy!
I have it is written by Sophie Kinsella. Have you heard of her other book The Undomestic Goddess?
It was released in 2005 which was the same year another book Pushing Ice was released.
It's a romance novel.
Your welcome.
Travels with Charley: In Search of America, Tortilla Flat and Of Mice and Men are really good ones. Have you heard of them.
1937 and it was made into a movie starring Gary Sinese and John Malkovich. As well but I recommend starting with the novel then watching the movie.
The Red Pony and Cannery Row are a couple more by him also highly recommended
Absolutely, Enjoy
Yes! He was the author of such classic novels as Robinson Crusoe and The Fortunes and Misfortunes of the Famous Moll Flanders.
Henry Fielding, Samuel Pepys, and Walter Scott are all authors who are similar to Defoe.
Henry Fielding is mostly known for his novel Tom Jones, written in1749.
My pleasure!
Ben Affleck has direct a number of movies, but I really enjoyed Argo.
Yes he was and was great in it.
If you are interested in historical fiction you might also want to check out "United 93" or "W". I hope that helps. Enjoy!!
If you like Sci-Fi movies, Ant-Man is the one to watch. It stars T. I., Judy Greer and Hayley Atwell. Have you heard of any of these actors? It was released in 2015.
T. I. also starred in American Gangster. That's a good movie.
I love Crime movies! Ruby Dee also starred in The Way Back Home and The Tall Target. If you like horror, she also starred in The Stand.
I like Ariana Grande, she is a singer/songwriter and is friends with Miley Cyrus and Jessie J.
You are absolutely right they are gifted and especially Whitney Houston. Dionne Warwick was another great singer/songwriter.
Yes, Whitney had multiple awards for acting and singing. I like listening to all her music. I loved watching her in The Body guard.
Kesha the singer. yes i love her.
i dont know all her song but the weeknd is a similar artist.
no he hasnt but do you listen to Selena Gomez
yes thats corrected, do you know she also played in Spring Breakers. its a great movie you should watch it.
Do you like it for being a Comedy-drama or for being a Historical period drama?
Ok, well, in the Dramedy department we have Two Girls and a Guy and Walking and Talking.
Oh, , is there anything else I can do for you?
Have fun!
I do! I really liked Yellow Submarine!
I'd love to but first let me ask you what you like about the book? Is it the author Michael Hague?
Good choice. He also wrote The Voyages of Doctor Dolittle. Have you read that?
Yes it is. Wintersmith is another similar title you may enjoy.
Ok I hope you enjoy it!
Afternoon! Yes, Ernest Hemingway wrote A Farewell to Arms.
That he did. In fact, he also in Our Time, which is such a great movie.
It is. It is also an Education book as well.
I do! I can send it to your screen now if you'd like.
Do you prefer Speculative Fiction or Science Fiction?
Wyrd Sisters is a science fiction written by Terry Pratchett. It also has the genre fantasy, and there is a sequel called Sourcery. Is that of interest?
You're welcome, Enjoy!
Yes. Richard Kelly wrote The Box. It's genre is thriller and mystery.
Yes. Celis Weston stars in The Box also.
It may have been released in 2009, along with Zombieland . Written by Rhett Reese.
Yes he did. Along with Amber Heard. Are you interested in Bill Murray Movies?
Bill Murray also starred in . Fantastic Mr. Fox, Garfield 1 & 2., Ghostbusters 2 and 3
You are welcome.
I have not seen Brave New World but I did read the book written by Aldous Huxley. Do you know of this author?
That is correct. He passed away in 1963 from Laryngeal cancer. He was influenced by Micea Eliade.
Yes, I have read The Doors of Perception. This book was published in 1954. It was a great read. Do you like to read?
You really should. If so, I hope you enjoy.
Daughters of Smoke & Bone was written by Laini Taylor and was released in 2011. Would you like to know more books written by this author?
Laini also wrote My True Love Gave To Me: Twelve Holiday Stories and also Dreams of Gods and Monsters.
Dreams of Gods and Monsters was released in 2014. It's the sequel to Days of Blood and Starlight.
He has directed many movies including, Moon, Warcraft, and Source Code.
Not that I am aware of. Fantasy and Adventure seem to be the major genres of these.
Ruth Negga starred in this as well as Dominic Cooper and Callum Rennie.
I know it. It's Stars Edward Norton and Stacy Keach.
They don't allow us internet search devices to watch movies, but The Italian Job also Stars Mos Def.
That he is. You know who else is?... Woody Guthrie!
Yes, Madagascar is very similar to Ice Age and stars Cedric the Entertainer.
Cedric the Entertainer also starred in Madagascar.
Do you like the author, the starring star or the genre?
Have you see the movie, If I Stay?
Sure, Mia Hall (Chlo Grace Moretz), a talented young cellist, thought the most difficult decision she would ever have to make would be whether to pursue her musical dreams at prestigious Juilliard or follow her heart to be with the love of her life, Adam (Jamie Blackley), a rock singer/guitarist.
Sure, You are welcome!
They're an NFL team in the AFC East. Are you a Jets fan?
Gosh, I don't know. I can check further for you.
I like the Packers.
Yes. Do you remember Jo Namath from the Jets?
That was a long time ago, but he was quite the celebrity. Are you watching any games tomorrow?
Is he the player for Manchester City F.C?
Well, anyone who's in Manchester is pretty hot. Can you recall the matches he played as of recent?
You mean in the Premier League matches?
I do it was written by M. Night Shyamalan and stars Bruce Willis. It's also a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure, The Village is a thriller and The Happening. Both written by M. Night Shyamalan
More recommendations? Certainly, you might also like Unbreakable and Lady in the water
No problem, enjoy!
Sure, it is written by Charlaine Harris, in 2002 in English.
She wrote Dead and Gone and Dead until Dark, have you see them?
She is doing genre Suspense, and most oh her movies are the same.
I do! It's written by Bert V. Royal, which is a great writer.
I'm sorry, the only information I have is that he wrote Easy A.
Patricia Clarkson and Lisa Kudrow starred in Easy A. Both are great actors!
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on when it was released.
That depends on what you're looking for. Are you interested in any of the actors that starred in this film or it's genre? Which is Teen.
Sure! Easy A is both Romance and Romantic comedy.
I know that it was written by C. S. Lewis in 1951and there was a series written as well.
She is so very talented! She is friends with Taylor Swift and Miley Cyrus.
The Giver? What's that movie about?
Thank you for the information!
It is Romance. It was released in 2004. Do you like Charlaine Harris
Yes. She wrote Club Dead too
Yes, she wrote Midnight Crossroad, Dead and Gone
It's a Fantasy Fiction
Yeah, I heard that he is a Point guard for his team. Is it true that he was born in Oakland?
Cool, do you know of any other Point guards?
Interesting. Do you have any idea where he was born?
Like the Chicago Bulls?
Do you like the film because of the fantastic job that Christopher Nolan did directing it?
Great, I think you'll also enjoy other movies in the Bat-Man series such as The Dark Knight and The Dark Knight Rises. Inception is action packed as well
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, the Mark of Athena was written by Rick Riordan. He also wrote Percy Jackson and the Olympians
Yes, Rick Riordan also wrote The Throne of Fire. Are you into Fantasy genre books?
Absolutely! Rick Riordan wrote similar books like The Titan's Curse and Vespers Rising
Sure, the other book is called Vespers Rising
Yes, I would recommend that book if, you like the Speculative Fiction genre.
Well, it's written by Kurt Vonnegut and he generally writes science fiction novels.
Yes, I would recommend "The Sirens of Titian" and "Deadeye Dick"
No,problem I hoped that help!
Great basketball player! and awesome point guard. Are you a fan?
Yes I love basketball movies, like Hoosiers starring Dennis Hopper. Did you see that one?
Yes that's right it is a drama. I also like dramas like Citizen Kane.
Sure! She wrote Snow Flower and the Secret Fan, as well as Shanghai Girls.
Shanghai Girls is a novel about two sisters living in war torn Shanghai. It has a 4 out of 5 on Barnes and Noble.
She also wrote Dreams of Joy which is the sequel to Shanghai Girls. If you want to get away from that series, Peony in Love is excellent!
You are very welcome!
They are a dynasty. I am not a fan of the team but you have to appreciate all the Super Bowls.
Nothing but respect for what he has accomplished especially after injury and at his age.
Bill Belichick is their head coach and wears hoodies.
I too like him and he is an amazing singer and a cool actor who has done some good films like The Social Network.
What are the other films by Brenda Song, any idea?
Great! I haven't seen any of her starrers that you mentioned. Maybe I should. Was she also a musician and a model as well?
Ros Ballaster wrote Sense and Sensibility
It was a book by Jane Austen , together with Ron Ballaster
Some of the new romantic movies are Forever My Girl, The New Romantic, Love Simon, Crazy Rich Asians
I remember that movie. Nightcrawler stars Michael Papajohn. It was released in 2014.
I believe he did star in the Longest Yard with Tracy Morgan. Wasn't that a movie about football?
I love the movie Bend It Like Bekham! Paul Mayeda Berges did a phenomenal job in that movie.
I don't have that information. Did you know Bend It Like Bekham was produced by the Fox Searchlight Pictures production company?
You are quite welcome.
Sure Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck wrote The Live of Others, a drama, starring Ulrich Tukur.
No he is from Germany and it is a drama. He also wrote the drama Wings of Desire.
Yes, me too! You are welcome.
Yes, I would recommend Siddhartha by Hilda Rosner
I'm sorry, I can't find any other books written by this author
Siddharth was released in 1922, is there anything else I can help you with
Sure. That book was written by Neil Gaiman. Do you like his work?
You're right. That's actually a Science Fiction/ Fantasy miniseries on the BBC. Do you like things in those genres?
That's a great one! Are you a fan of Cameron Crowe movies?
That's definitely a classic romantic comedy. It was an important movie for Renee Zellweger, too.
You mean in the movies he guest starred right?
Well, he starred in a lot of movies, like The Imitation Game and The Second Coming. Have you heard of such movies?
It's a Science Fiction TV Program
John Henshaw and Lesley Sharp both acted in this show
He starred in Starter for 10
Why certainly
He wrote Summer of Sam and School Daze staring Rusty Cundieff.
Sorry I don't have any information about that. Something else I can answer for you?
Sure! That movie stars John Turturro and has the genre of thriller and romance.
Yes he did! He was also in Romance and Cigarettes, Transformers and The Taking of Pelham 123.
Great! Have a good day.
the jets. do you like the titans?
i am more of a steelers fan. do you think the redskins will make it to the superbowl this spring?
thanks who else do you think will be in it?
She wrote Mean girls which was a good movie . So I guess she is okay.
She wrote Bossypants. She is an actress as well. She starred in The Invention of Lying
She is also a musician and is influenced by Steve Martin. Enjoy!
Enjoy!
Yes, she wrote Elle s'appelait Sarah and Boomerang. Do you have any other questions about Tatiana?
Well she usually write non-fiction. Boomerang was released in 2009
Of course, you should check out Rain Watcher and A Secret Kept!
Yes, both of those novels were written by her. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome.
Daniel Henney and Damon Wayans Jr are both in it.
Is that the film written by Jeffrey Nachmanoff?
You might like The Day After Tomorrow. It was written by Nachmanoff and I think he wrote the Last Stand.
I sure can. Have a great day.
Yes. He Directed all the Austin Power movies which are classic comedy films
Yes he also directed Meet the Fockers and The Campaign.
Will do. Enjoy your movie.
Sure, 10 Things I Hate About You (1999), The Patriot (2000), A Knight's Tale (2001), Monster's Ball (2001), Lords of Dogtown (2005)
Sure Bianca, a tenth grader, has never gone on a date, but she isn't allowed to go out with boys until her older sister Kat gets a boyfriend. The problem is, Kat rubs nearly everyone the wrong way. But Bianca and the guy she has her eye on, Joey, are eager, so Joey fixes Kat up with Patrick, a new kid in town just bitter enough for Kat. w kid in town just bitter enough for Kat. Genre: Comedy, Drama, Romance. It was released in 1999.
I am not sure about the music score, but it was released in 1999.
I don't know of any but I know Josh Boone directed the fault in our stars.
Yes he also wrote Paper Towns.
Right. Nat wolff starred in Peace, Love & Misunderstanding.
Lost in Translation is generally considered a romantic comedy. Similar films might be Runaway Bride and Forrest Gump.
Two of the most well-known stars would be Richard Gere and Laurie Metcalf. Do you like either actor?
You are welcome. Let me know if you would like any further recommendations!
Sure, King Kong is an action movie and was released in 2005. Do you enjoy action movies?
You may also like X-Men. They are several movies in that series.
Bryan Singer directed X-Men.
Yes I can! The movie Rocky is amazing.
John G. Avildsen directed Rocky
Yes, I do it was written by James Dashner
No I have not
Yes, I do
Yes, it's a football team. Do you like football?
A little. I like football movies like Jerry Maguire. Troy Aikman from the Dallas Cowboys is in that one!
I haven't seen that one. Woody Harrelson from Zombieland is in that one. He's a good actor.
It is! That movie is scary and funny at the same time.
Natalie Portman, Chris Hemsworth and Anthony Hopkins starred in it.
She won an Oscar for The Black Swan. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
She wrote Frankenstein. It's a very popular book.
I'm not sure. But, I know it was released in 1818.
I definitely recommend it. It's written in English.
You're welcome. Enjoy the book!
Sure do! It was written by Joseph Heller and is a satirical war novel.
He is a playwright, but not a screenwriter. Zane Grey would be a screenwriter example.
Sure! He wrote "The Rainbow Trail" and "The Last Trail." Both of them are westerns.
Of course! I have added them both as requested.
I know it was written by Jean-Pierre Jeunet. Is there something specific you want to know?
He's also written Micmacs.
Yes he did but I also see that it was also written by Sebastien Japrisot.
It's a Romance. Are you looking for something different?
You're Welcome!
Sure, he directed There Will Be Blood starring Paul Dano.
It stars Daniel Day-Lewis and Paul Dano. Would you like to watch it?
It was released in 2007
Its an historical period drama
sure thing.
you bet.
Well, it's a Sci-Fi Thriller. Are you interested in that genre?
You might be interested to know that Judy Greer, who stars in Jurassic World, is in another film called The Good Dinosaur.
It's considered to be a family film.
I love watching them at the United Center. Do you like basketball?
Okay, well they're in the NBA, have been in the Finals and are 13th in the Eastern Conference.
Yes, Michael Jordan played forward for the Bulls for many seasons. Have fun on your date!
Eimilia Fox starred in Shooting the Past a melo drama
O yea blake was in that he was also is AKA starring Geoff Bell
Rupert Everett is aslo a good actor
No I should watch it though
I don't have much of an opinion as I don't watch very much basketball. I've heard their coach, Mike Woodson, is a pretty good one.
I mainly watch college football, do you watch any ?
I did watch the Iowa State game, honestly in hopes they would have lost haha. Hawkeye fans over here.
Mindy Kaling wrote a couple books, Why Not Me?and Everyone Hanging Out Without Me? (And Other Concerns)
I'm not sure what year but in 20152015 was the year that released You're Never Weird on the Internet (Almost). You're Never Weird on the Internet (Almost) is written by Joss Whedon
Great choice
No real familiar with soccer, but I know Ryan Giggs is the coach. Do you like soccer?
I like hockey as well, Ryan Giggs also played soccer before he was a coach.
No I have not, but heard Barry Gibb music career began there.
He is pop music, I have not heard a lot of his music.
She wrote The Giver and Number the Stars.
The Giver is Young Adult Fiction and Number the Stars is Children's Literature.
She also wrote The Son and Gathering Blue in this genre.
Glad I could help.
I am not sure that would be a good research topoic
I just had my class read some inserts from the Screwtape Letters
C.S. Lewis
Andy Murray actually plays tennis.
I don't think he was ranked close to tennis great John McEnroe.
yes he did have a fiery temper.
The Help is written by Tate Taylor
Yes, also directed by him
Sure, some of his notable works are Get On Up and The Girl on the Train
I believe he plays for FC Bayern Munich as well as the German national team. Do you like soccer (football)?
I'm not familiar with him. I prefer Tottenham. HAHA. The atmosphere in the Premiere League is amazing!
I loved Ledley King. Dimitar Berbatov is my absolute favorite, so graceful. Currently, Harry Kane is my favorite Tottenham. You?
Haha. Yes, same with Berbatov!
Yes does she like animated movies?
Then she would love Everlost and Just After Sunset.
No in that case I would recommend The Little Princess.
Sure a few books by Terry Pratchett include, Wyrd Sisters, Witches Abroad, Thud! He has written others, those are just a few.
Wyrd Sisters falls under both fiction, fantasy. Is that genre of interest to you?
How about - The Shelters of Stone, The Ring of Solomon ?
I hope you enjoy them. Have a nice day.
It's an interesting movies with a genre Sci- Fi
Sure, A Space Adventure, Zombieland, and Yesterday Was a Lie
It was directed by James Kerwin
John Newton starred in it.
Sure!
Yes, some great books by Fannie Flagg include Fried Green Tomatoes at the Whistle Stop Cafe and a Redbird Christmas. Do you like books and movies with a southern theme?
It was released in 1987.
Yes! Other releases that year include Intensity and Consider Phiebas.
Intensity is a bit different. It's actually a 'Homicidal Adventure' by Dean Koontz.
If there's anything else I can help with, please let me know.
He is nice quaterback, he plays for carolina panthers right
I like Tom Brady too
he is quaterback for new england patriots
Sure How to Train Your Dragon 2 stars Gerard Butler, and Djimon Hounsou
Yes he did along with Dennis Quaid and Judy Greer, Are you looking for a Rom-Com?
Dennis Quaid also starred in All Night Long which is also a romantic comedy
Your welcome Hope you enjoy!
Yes. Moon is a sci fi starring Matt Berry and Kevin Spacey.
Yes. Matt Berry did star in Snow White and the Huntsman.
I only show he starred in Moon and Snow White and the Huntsman. He also starred on The Mighty Boosh
you are welcome
Sure! Anthony Daniels starred in Star Wars Holiday Special with Diahann Carroll and Harrison Ford. Have you seen it yet?
yes i love You Love Me. how about you?
no i didnt know that. i love Tip of My Tongue do you?
that is great. Miss Independent is a good song dont you agree?
you have good taste. did you ever see her in concert?
He hasn't done anything new the most recent is from 1990 The Dark Side of the Moon
There is a movie from 1989 called Moontrap. It's about Space Shuttle returns to earth, but some of the equipment brought back on it begins to behave strangelySpace Shuttle returns to earth, but some of the equipment brought back on it begins to behave strangely
it's horror. does that interest you, or would you prefer another Joe Turkel suggestion?
Joe Turkel was also in Blade Runner. This falls under the genre Film noir. Is that of interest?
Enjoy.
How about A Tale of Two Cities? Have you read it? It's one of his best work.
Not really. I don't like historical novel. But I have to read Bleak House for the class. Do you know this book?
I try to. It's pretty hard to understand. Have a good night.
I do. He wrote Through The Looking Glass and What Alice Found There.
It is fantasy and is a very good read.
You're quite welcome.
You like young adult fiction?
Then I recommend reading the rest of the Percy Jackson series. The Lightning Thief is the first book.
I believe 5.
Rick Riordan wrote Vespers Rising.
Rick Riordan is an author of a lot of books.
I am not a fan of Family Guy which he created.Do you like that show?
He was in Ted and Ted 2. That movies was about a raunchy teddy bear. Did you see it?
Did you see the sequel Ted 2? It is also funny.
You will like it.
Yes, it stars Angelina Jolie Pitt, Sam Riley, and Sharlto Copley.
She was in Gone in Sixty Seconds, Tomb Raider: The Cradle of Life, and Kung Fu Panda 3.
It was a Crime Thriller that could also be called an Action Film.
Zodiac is a Crime Thriller that is very well liked.
It stars Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal and was directed by David Fincher.
Have you seen The Judge or The Chef, those were two movies he was in recently that aren't Iron Man related.
She is very talented! I love her song Stronger. How about you?
Some of the latest are- What happened to Monday, Ready Player One
Divergent , Catching Fire, Insurgent are some of them
Catching fire is associated with Hunger games, and Insurgent is associated to Divergent
Yes sure
No problem. Glad i could help !
Suzanne Collins
E. B. White wrote Stuart Little and Charlotte's Web. What type of books are you interested in?
Those are children fantasy books. Are you looking for something in that genre?
Sure thing. The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is another example.
Thief of Time is another popular book in that genre.
It was written by Terry Pratcher.
My pleasure!
Sure do you like drama or romance movies?
Nicholas Sparks has a vast array of these types of movies. The Longest Ride is a good drama/romance I would recommend.
My favorite would be The Notebook, but many have seen it. The Best of Me is a very good one as well.
He wrote Wuthering Heights along with Emily Bronte.
It was released in 1847. Thats pretty old. Did you know it was considered Gothic Fiction?
I'm not sure of anything else he wrote but Wuthering heights is considered a classic.
Sure, she directed Red Riding Hood, do you like thrillers?
Great, she also directed Twilight, have you seen that movie?
Sure, Twilight is a young adult romance film with action. Have you seen Thirteen, she directed it also?
Twilight stars Robert Pattinson, I think you'll enjoy it.
A little, he is a shooting guard in the NBA. How about you?
A little also, he too is a shooting guard in the NBA. I do know his partner is singer Keyshia Cole. Have you heard of her?
Yes, she is pretty famous but now that I think about it I am not sure they are still married.
Yes she is one of my favorite rhythm and blues artists.
Well, Odd Thomas is a thriller book written by Dean Kroontz.
Yes, you are right. He wrote that. It is a suspense and gothic fiction book that was released in 2008.
Sure. I have a couple examples like Withouth Fall, Violets are Blue, and Track of the Cat.
Yes he also starred in The Wiz and the first to "moonwalk"
He was married to Lisa Marie Presley. My favorite song for him is Man in the Mirror.
Did you know he starred in Men in Black? I did not realize that was really him.
I am not too fond of her. I used to like her when she played guitar. How about you?
She's really talented but I haven't heard of any recent songs by her. Have you?
No, I didn't know that. She also starred in Valentine's Day with Ashton Kutcher.
Yes, did she star in any movies?
Was she in any other movies?
No what genre is that movie?
Nicolas Cage and Angelina Jolie were there in that. Nicolas Cage is one of my favorite actor
There is one Season of the Witch and other Seeking Justice
It is historical fantasy adventure, which genre you like the most, my favorite is murder mystery
Sure
I am not very familiar with him but I know he is a celebrity athlete that plays golf. Do you like golf?
I don't really follow sports but I did hear about the Tiger Woods scandal. Did that make you less likely to watch him play?
That is so true! They should be a good influence since they are in the public eye.
You got it! She wrote Throne of Glass which is very popular!
Sure! It' not too old - it was released in 2012, in English.
I don't have that info. But it is considered a Drama.
2012 was the release of Wonder Woman, Volume 1 written by Jared K. Fletcher
Yeah, that's a classic now!
He's a pretty good player, especially for winning the NBA Most Valuable Player Award. The best move he made in his career is going to The Golden State Warriors
Yes, I'm a basketball fan. I watched when Micheal Jordan won his award and Majic Johnson
Michael Jordan took his shot at acting in Space Jam. Did you see it?
Okay enjoy!
It was written by Larry McMurtry who writes many westerns.It starred Randy Quaid and Jake Gyllenhaal and was released in 2005.
Yes, you are correct. Do you like westerns?
He was a cowboy who developed a relationship with a ranch hand. It's a modern western. Heath Ledger was also in it.
I hope you enjoy it!
A Thousand Splendid Sons is a fiction novel written by Khaled Hosseini. Do you like that author?
I'm not sure what else he has written, but he starred in The Kite Runner. Have you seen that movie?
That movie also stars Ahmad Khan and Zekeria Ebrahimi.
He also wrote Vespers Rising and The Mark of Athena
Sure. It's a children's adventure fiction
Will do. Adding to your book list
Do you like the movie Carrie because or because it is from the 70's
You might enjoy the Time Traveler's Wife or The Wings of the Dove.
I can tell you some more romance titles like Women in Love.
Glad to be of assistance!
I can tell you more movies with Leonardo DiCaprio
Titanic, Beach
It came out Feb. 2 2000 and Tilda Swinton stars in it
no problem
Adam Brown has starred in The Hobbit The Desolation of Smaug. This falls under fantasy. Do you like The Hobbit or other fantasy movies?
Ian McKellnn played Gandalf, Cate Blanchett played Galadriel do they interest you?
I really like Marcelo Vieira . He was great at Real Madrid. What do you think?
Yes. I do agree. I also like Michael Owen. Do you like him ?
Yes, you are right.
I have not read this book. I know that it was written by Neil Gaiman and it is a speculative fiction. Do you like this genre?
He also write a Neverwhere Which later became a TV series in 1996.
My pleasure. Hope the information I provided to you today was helpful.
Yes, he is famous for writing Doris Lessing
It is a genre of fiction
Yes, he also wrote Norman Weiler
Okay sounds good
Other similar books by Maria Semple are Today Will Be Different and This One Is Mine.
It is a Romantic Satire published in 2008.
You might like Stone and Spring by Brittany Tuttle or Jamaica Dreams: A Memoir by Rosemarie Robotham.
No, it is an autobiography published in 2014.
You're welcome. Enjoy your book.
Two really good ones: The Spiderwick Chronicles and Mr. Popper's Penguins.
Philip Baker Hall and Madeline Carroll. Both are really good in it.
Enjoy!
He wrote sense and sensibility
Yes it is romance film
yes,similar one
it is historical period drama genre
okay sure
The 80s film or the newer one? The 80s version is considered a classic. The remake fell a little short with die hard fans. Which do you prefer?
That seems to be the favorite of most people. The effects may not have been great but there was more heart to the story. The new one stars Sam Worthington. He did a fair job of playing Perseus, don't you think?
He played Jake Sully in Avatar and also starred in Terminator Salvation. He sure seems to like those action roles!
It has to be Baby One More Time. That was right before she started dating Justin Timberlake.
I think Work B**ch was recorded during the time she was married to Kevin Federline.
I guess that would have been around the time when she was with Jason Allen Alexander.
Yes I do they have been to the world series several times. Are they your team?
I do, went to a yankee red socks game when I was 13. Dodgers were runner ups in 1978
I will check if not I can add for you.
Its been added
You should check out Trainspotting if you liked 127 hours.
John Hodge was one of the main actors.
Your welcome.
Yeah, he seems alright. Is he a Midfielder, or a Forward player?
Glad to hear it. What of Eric Abidal? Is he as good as Rodriguez?
Well I thought so. Speaking of Football, have you heard of the movie, Bend It Like Beckham?
captain america civil war is part of the Avengers series. It was released in 2016.
Ant Man is another great Thriller/ Science fiction movie, released in 2015
No Problem. Hope that helped!
I do not have that information. I do know that the team is owned by Malcolm Glazer.
He also owns Manchester United F.C.
Nope. He died in Florida.
They are a team in the National Football League owned by Mark Davis. Are you a fan of them?
I am not a huge football fan but when I do watch I enjoy watching the Rams
Yes they recently moved to Los Angeles
It was written by John Steinbeck
Yes He also wrote The Red Pony
He also wrote The pearl of the World
Welcome
Yes the team is owned by Bud Adams and coached by Ken Whisemhunt.
Sadly yes that is true. Do you follow football in general?
Yes it is a residential community in Houston. Have you been to Houston?
Vin Diesel starred in The Chronicles of Riddick series. Are you a fan of Sci-Fi?
Other actors in the series include Christina Cox and Colm Feore.
I sure can. You might also enjoy The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo. Shall I send that one as well?
You're welcome
Sure! If you are into Action/Adventure film, he starred in Shackleton with Kevin McNally.
Yes he is in the movie with Embeth. There are a few more films Embeth Davidz made. This one is classic, Schindler's List. Have you seen it?
Who else but the Taken Guy himself, Liam Neeson.
You are welcome!
It appears that it was written by at least 3 different people, should I list them all, or is there a specific one you have in mind?
Well, I can tell you that Charles Dickens wrote this book, were you aware of that?
Sure. She starred in X-Men, Winter's Bone and The Hunger Games series.
Tate Taylor, Sheryl Lee and Jennifer Lawrence all star in Winter's Bone.
Winter's Bone is considered a thriller. A few other thrillers you might like would be Wolf Creek and The haunting.
Great! Enjoy!
I agree. Then did you see Shrek 3?
Ice Age and Monsters Inc are good. You would probably enjoy them.
You may enjoy his horror books like The Dead Zone and Creepshow. Are you familiar with these?
It was a bit disturbing, isn't it? The Dead Zone is a thriller novel that has been adapted into a TV series.
Sure! You may be interested to check out Step on a Crack and 30 Days of Night. Both of these are thrillers.
I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With is a great movie he was in.
Scott Adsit was one of the main actors in the movie.
I don't have that information, but Scott was also in other movies like Without a Paddle.
He is an athlete who plays midfielder in football otherwise known a soccer.
No Tiger Woods is a golfer and won the British Open in 2006. The same year he won the PGA Championship.
He was. I think he is now with Cori Rist.
That is a fairly old book, it was released in 1951.
Yes, that one is a part of a series. Have you read the next book The Silver Chair?
It is a fantasy series.
Your welcome, enjoy!
Roland Emmerich wrote The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day.
Yes, they were. The Day After Tomorrow is a sci-fi adventure film starring Tim Bagley. It is a great movie>
Yes she was and it was released in 2004.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy!
Sure! L.M. Montgomery wrote The Complete Anne of Green Gables Boxed Set. It is Children's Literature in genre. Are you a fan of Children's Literature?
Montgomery wrote Windy Poplars, which is a part of the set that I had mentioned. It was released in 1908. Is it something that you would be interest in?
No problem. I am happy to help. Enjoy!
I can recommend you Shirley
He is most famous for Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and is an illustrator. Do you like the book, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland?
He is most famous for Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and is an illustrator. Do you like the book, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland?
There is a couple different versions of the Alice in wonderland stories. I believe they had slightly different ones.
Yes, he did the Through the Looking -Gladd: What Alice Found There. He was also a photographer and mathematician.
You're welcome!
Yes he's a literary critic and English professor who edited the modern edition of The Scarlet Letter. Are you interested in that book?
The Scarlet Letter was originally written by Nathaniel Hawthorne. Nina Baym may have written a foreword since she was a professor who studied him.
Yes it is a romance novel but has a lot of other elements. It's a classic piece of literature.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy the book.
Sure. The film stars Vanessa Lee Chester, Richard Schiff and Ariana Richards to name a few.
Yes. Rosie O'Donnell was in Sleepless is Seattle too. Have you seen that movie?
Yes he was in The Simpsons Movie. Are you interested in other Tom Hanks films like Larry Crowne?
Aside from Hanks, it stars, Yeardley Smith and Nancy Cartwright.
You're welcome.
I think his wife is Coleen Rooney and he is playing in Liverpool
I do not have an information about her, and yes Liverpool is where the Beatles began with John Lennon
Yes, Victoria Beckham is a model also her husband David Beckham who is a retired professional footballer and current President of Inter Miami CF
It was written by John Grisham and is a suspense novel. He's written many good books. This one is includes psychological manipulation. Do you enjoy suspense novels?
You might enjoy two of his other books. The Firm and The Appeal.
You're welcome!
Doesn't he play for Real Madrid C. F?
Oh ok. Maybe I was thinking about Juande Romas. He plays for Real Madrid, C. F. right?
Oh wow. I guess I am way behind on that sport. LOL.
The Battle of the Labyrinth
Rick Riordan
The Titans Curse, The Sea of Monsters, The Lightning Thief are some others
Fifty Shades was written by E.L. James and it was turned into a feature film.
Yes, it is a series. And the genre is erotic romance novel.
Sure, Outlander and Naked in Death are the 2 top novels.
You are welcome, have a great day!
Sure, I ahave an excellent recommendation for you: The Godfather Part II. He also wrote The Sicilian and The Last Done. What do you think?
You are absolutely right. He did write it. Would you like to start with that?
If you like the Godfather I and II, then you should continue with the Sicilian, which is the sequel to second part.
Sylvia Plath wrote The Collected Poems,The Bell Jar and The Journals of Sylvia Plath. Is that the authhor youre referring to?
Ted Hughes is a great author and similar to Sylvia. He wrote The Collected Poems with her actually!
You're welcome! Enjoy!
If you like Action/Comedy it was pretty good.
Have you seen The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo? Or you might enjoy Beverly Hills Cop II.
Enjoy!
Wall-E is a great movie too
Steve Correll is a voice in that film
Fiction comedy
Your welcome they will
I am not familiar with Simon Wood. Do you maybe mean the actor Simon West?
That's why I am here!! Simon West is the actor from the movie The Mechanic produced by WIlliam Chartoff.
Sure was! It was a great Action Film.
It was my pleasure.
I know its a drama and that Patton Oswald is in it. HAve you seen it?
Yes, he was the voice of Remy. Have you seen his stand up Comedy?
I actually have never seen that movie. What else was Will Arnett in?
Yes I do. I have the next series which is City of Ashes and has genre Young-adult fiction. Are you into Young-adult fiction book?
Im not really sure but I think you would enjoy The Sea of Trolls.
Make sure you check out Wildwood Dancing as well. enjoy.
There is a book similar to Moby Dick, or, The Whale called Billy Budd, Sailor. Have you heard of this one?
Yes that is correct. Would you like to know any others written by Melville?
You're welcome!
Yes she stars in No Strings Attached. Do you like Romantic Comedies?
Love and Other Impossible Pursuits is a good one. She also starred in Hesher and Zoolander.
Rainn Wilson, Piper Laurie and Joseph Gorden-Levitt also star in Hesher.
It's an Indie Drama film.
Sure, Zero Effect and You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger are good movies.
You are welcome!
I never watched it, but I heard about it. Moulin Rouge stars Richard Roxburgh.
that's correct Van Helsing has genre Mystery and Steampunk. Are you interested in any one of those type of movies?
The Legend of Korra is a good one. its a Children's television series.
I think he was pretty good in the movie The Aviator.Do you like biographical films?
There's Titanic,This Boy's Life,The Wolf of Wall Street,and The Revenant
Great choice!
Yes it is a good book would you like to know who wrote it?
The subtle knife is written by Philip Pullman. Would you like to know anything else?
Philip Pullman also wrote the book Don't Look Overe There!
No problem. Enjoy the day. Please end dialog. Thank you.
Oh, absolutely! Do you have a genre preference?
I love crime films! I have a few suggestions. My personal favorite is Goodfellas. And also Taxi Driver is another great one. Mean Streets is pretty good, too.
Joe Pesci cracks me up. Have you seen My Cousin Vinny or Home Alone?
Sure, it is released in 2005 and written by Stephenie Meyer, do you like writings from this author?
She wrote The Chemist, Breaking Dawn
Sure, glad to help.
Sure Maze Runner might be something you like, or perhaps the Scorch Trials.
You are correct. It was also the year that the mystery When You Reach Me was released.
It is just a book, but might be as thrilling!
Will do!
Sure, Cat's Cradle is a Science Fiction book it's similar to Invisible Man & The Fall of Hyperion.
It was written by Dan Simmons, it is also falls under Fantasy/Speculative genre.
You can try the X-Files or The Shadow of the Torturer.
No problem!
I have not seen it but I know it has Stacy Keach and Edward Norton in it and I like both of them.
Keeping the Faith with Ben Stiller.
Yes it is. It is Comedy Drama.
Do you prefer books by the same author or same genre?
Literary realism is a common genre in classic American literature. Do you prefer First-person or Third-person narrative?
Consider reading Submarine: A Novel by Joe Dunthorne.
Of course. His most famous film would be Gravity, with Sandra Bullock and George Clooney.
The movie was released in 2013
12 Years a Slave came out that year - it was amazing!
Sean Penn wrote Into the Wild
It was based on a true story about a young adult who explored the wilderness, did you know Vince Vaughn produced the black comedy drama The Break-Up?
Yes, he stared in it alongside Jon Favreau and Jennifer Aniston.
Glad to help!
Isn't he a producer and director? I think he directed Game Change and a couple other dramas.
And I think Ed Harris also. Do you like him?
Great, so do I.
You ask me!
I like Jim Butcher. Any books by him?
John Lasseter wrote Toy Story 2 and it is starring Wayne Knight.
Im not sure but I think Andrew Stanton is. and he also wrote WALL-E. WALL-E is starring Pete Docter
I don't have that information, but if you are into Disney Movies you will like The Shaggy Dog.
Yes it is. it's starring Tim Allen who also played In Toy Story 2.
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy. I suggest watching cars as well.
Enjoy.
It was written by Herman Melville in 1851. It's sometimes called The Whale.
I don't know. But that novel is in the genre of Adventure. Another adventure is: Out of Sight Out of Time
Ally Carter, route out of sight, out of time. It was released in 2012.
Enjoy!
Sure, Arthur Miller starred in The Civil War, a documentary film. He also wrote All My Sons.
You can check out The Bible or Pretty Baby.
It aired in 1990 and it was written by Ric Burns.
Sure, he has directed the film Deadpool, starring Stefan Kapicic.
Deadpool has a Sci-Fi, Romance, Comedy, Adventure and Action genre and is a real entertainer for everyone.
It has examples Spy Kids, Ronin, Spy game, The Cotton Club to name a few.
I'm not sure. Is that the one with Ken Whisenhunt coaching?
Yeah, i think he used to coach Arizona Cardinals back in the day and just switch to Tennessee Titans couple years ago. Any favorite team at all?
No, I haven't. Is it good? Malcolm Gladwell is an excellent author.
That was also made into an epic family film. Do you like those kinds of movies?
It sounds really good. We recently watched Wonder, which was an amazing family movie.
You're welcome!
I know he plays cricket for the Mumbai Indians. Do you like Cricket?
No I'm not. I know nothing about Cricket except that Samuel Beckett played it.
Isn't he a politician?
Yes definitely! Did you know Wyclef Jean was also a politician?
Yes he is.
I love it! It was written by the late Stan Lee. He was such a great writer.
Thor is a really good one, including X Men 2. Have you seen those ones?
You're welcome! Hope you enjoy.
There is the Divergent trilogy and also written by Veronica Roth is Insurgent
I know that he wrote The Time Machine and The Invisible Man. Many of his works are in Gothic Fiction.
The Time Machine was first published way back in 1895.
Anytime!
There's also Kill Bill: Vol 2, Idle Hands and The Salon. Do you like Action movies?
You might also like xXx: State of the Union or the New Guy than.
I heard it's a great movie. Enjoy!
Zero Dark Thirty and The Hurt Locker are both great options directed by her.
It is a war film.
Yes, similar to The Other Boleyn Girl.
Your welcome.
Probably the most famous piece he wrote that most people know is The Odyssey.
I haven't, but I know both versions were highly popular. If you enjoy fantasy, might I suggest The Golden Compass, starring Nicole Kidman? It is a very visual film perfect for kids, as well as people of all ages.
Christopher Lee also starred in The Mummy. That is one of his best films in my opinion. Enjoy!
I Do, That was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Yes, Two talented actresses. Do you like Westerns?
Yeah, I think that was one of the best modern day westerns.
I haven't, I guess he's on the Germany National Football team. Do you like football?
I don't really follow sports much, I've only ever watched The Seattle Seahawks and the Chargers. Do you have a favorite team?
Not really, In person I get bored, at home or at a friend's house I can always entertain myself.
He sure has! Wedding Crashers was hilarious!
They are amazing! Love Will Ferrell in Step Brothers.
He also starred in The Other Guys, another funny movie!
Have fun!
I like them and they have won a few Grammys. Chris Martin was on the Voice.
They also received a few MTV awards.
I like the recording Amsterdam.
Well his brother Joe Russo is rather similar
All I'm seeing by her is Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented. Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented
I'm sorry my data only shows me the title, nothing else about it. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure.
Sure, Albert Finney came to the movies from the theatre, where he was especially successful in the plays of William Shakespeare. He became a leading figure of the young Free Cinema. His film debut was in 1960 with The Entertainer (1960) by Tony Richardson, who had also directed him in theatre plays several times before.
Sure Albert Finney starred in The Gathering Storm a political film. Tony Richardson was was an English filmmaker. He was best known for directing the films; Tom Jones which won him the Academy Award for Best Director, the cult classic The Hotel New Hampshire and his final film Blue Sky.
I have only read The Phantom Tollbooth, it is a Speculative fiction. Have you read it?
The Lord of the Rings series is one of my favorites for speculative fiction.
You're welcome!
I do not know much about New York Knicks. It's not a team I follow.
Yes I enjoy watching it , here and there. I like the Lakers
Yes I like music! Mariah Carey is favorite.
My favorites would be The Last Star and The Infinite Sea. Have you read any of his books?
The novel was released in 2016 and is a young adult science-fiction novel. It is the 3rd book in The Fifth Wave trilogy.
Great! I think you will find the trilogy a solid read and very entertaining.
Sure it is in the Suspense and political thriller genre. It was written by John Grisham all of his latest books have the same feel. Would you like recommendations by John Grisham?
His early works but for was know was the Painted House and Playing for Pizza. Later books all have a legal feel like The Firm and The Street Lawyer
you are welcome
She wrote The Shadows. Have you read it?
I'm not sure on the genre, but it was released in 2015.
Sorry, I couldn't be more helpful.
John Green has authored a number of books. Is there a certain genre your looking for?
Yes, he does. He's written 'Empress of the World' and 'Dragonsinger' and a number of others.
My personal favorite is 'Thirteen Reasons Why.'
Sure, I can do that for you. There's a book called The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information for you.
Yes, Mervyn Peake is also an artist and was born in Lushan District.
Jamie McGuire wrote Walking Disaster and Providence to name a few.
Providence is the first in a two part series, Requiem is the second. Requiem was released in 2011.
No problem, enjoy.
I have one written by Nicholas Sparks and one written by Will Fetters.
It is a Romance novel released in 2008.
He has also written books titled: True Believer, The Rescue, The Longest Ride, and The Guardian.
Sure. Happy to help.
Sure! Do you like that book because it's Fiction?
I'm sorry. I don't have any information on dramas. Do you like Fiction or Gothic fiction?
Awesome! Wuthering Heights is Gothic fiction. You may enjoy that one.
Sure! Do you like Science Fiction?
You may want to check out Speed Racer, it was directed by Andy Wachowski who wrote The Matrix.
Yes, he starred in movies like The Soloist, The Men Who Stare at Goats, Unthinkable, White Oleander. Are you looking for anything particular?
Yes he did, it's a Melodrama movie. He starred in What Just Happened too, did you watch it?
Yes, it's a drama, also starring William Hurt
The Boston Red Sox are a baseball team based in Boston,
I don't really follow baseball, I like watching Tennis. What do you think of Tennis?
I like them too, they are the best,but my favorite one is Novak Djokovic
Rafael Nadal is also a very good, do you like him?
Yes, she is from from Forth Worth and has composed important singles like Miss Independent and Walk Away.
Yes, I like Pink but I have little knowledge about her.
I would say she is more into pop. What do you think?
I don't know a whole lot about him. I don't watch boxing much, do you like to watch boxing ?
From what I have seen, he is great! I think he would be alot of fun to watch in person. Do you keep up with any other sports ?
Well, it appears that she wrote a book called Como agua para chocolate. Would you like to know when it was released?
Well to answer your first question, it was released in 1989, and it's in English
From what I'm seeing, it appears to be within Mexico
Glad to be of assistance
They are not my favorite team, I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver and Shahid Khan.
I like the Steelers and Broncos, but have been to several Cardinal games. I would like to go see a Jaguars game. Whos your team?
Rams have done pretty good this year.
I hope they do. Always like different teams playing, not the same every year.
Gayle Forman wrote Just One Year in 2013.
I don't have any info on that, but you might like Wedding Night or We Are All Completely Beside Ourselves
They were both released in 2013.
Anything else?
Unfortunately, I don't have any facts on that.
You are welcome
Can I help recommend something for you?
Sure! Leo Tolstoy writes mostly in Russian and wrote оскресение. Have you heard of that book?
I'm sorry but I'm actually not sure what year it was written
Hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome
Titanic was written by james cameron
Titanic is produced by jon landau
Sorry,I am not sure about it
Thank you
genre drama and epic
Of course! Do you like Flickan Som Lekte Med Elden because it is written by Stieg Larsson or because it is written by Reg Keeland?
Yes! Stieg Larsson also wrote Män som hatar kvinnor and Luftslottet som sprängdes. You might enjoy those!
Definitely! Stieg Larsson is a journalist influenced by Val McDermid and Sara Paretsky. He is Swedish. Is there anything else you would like to know about him?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
they are good you should check out Radomir Anti hes good
just play. do you like soccer?
they are good. what do you think about Pierson Prioleau?
do you think the saints have a chance to go to the super bowl this spring?
sounds good. who is your fav player?
nice have a good day
Fernando Meirelles directed City of God which is a great film
The drama, starring Seu Jorge was released in 2002
Yes, Alice Braga was in City of God, as well as I Am Legend and Repo Men, two very good films
King Kong and Heavenly Creatures were both written by Peter Jackson.
The Long and Short of It is a great movie that Peter was in.
I definitely do, I know she was in The Salon and Why Do Fools Fall in Love. She was also in the classic The Tuskegee Airmen with Laurence Fishburn.
I believe so, it was directed by Mark Brown while starring Kym Whitley and Monica Calhoun
You're welcome, enjoy!
Tina Fey created and produced the TV show, 30 Rock.
Yes, he wrote a social criticism book called Jane Eyre. Does that sound like something you would like?
Yes it is a romance novel. I am not sure the date of publication. Do you like romance novels?
I am not sure of his other work. Were you aware that he was born in Carterton and played cricket?
I am happy that I could help. Enjoy the book!
You may also like, The Day After Tomorrow, which was written by Roland Emmerich as well. Have you heard of it?
The film stars Tim Bagley and Adrian Lester. It's an action film.
Yes. He also directed Independence Day and Eight Legged Freaks. I highly recommend Independence Day.
Yes, he did. Are you a fan?
He also does voice acting for Frozen.
He's had quite an illustrious career.
She wrote the The Signature of All Things, and Committed: A Skeptic Makes Peace with Marriage to name a few.
It was released in October of 2013.
It's in the Historical Fiction category.
