Sure. It's a great action thriller starring Morgan Freeman. Do you like his movies?
Well, it was fantastic! The movie "Warrior" is another great one, have you seen it?
Yes, The Hitman's Bodyguard is a horror film, do you like that genre?
Yes, The Hitman's Bodyguard is considered Action and Adventure films. Have you seen it?
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Yes. I have heard of The Light Between Oceans.
She wrote The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian. Do you want a list of what she's written?
I believe it was released in 2011 and the genre is historical fiction
You're welcome
I know that Cameron Diaz and Ben Stiller starred in that movie. It's a great movie.
She's been in a number of movies. Would you like to hear about those?
No. I don't have that information. But I do know she was in The Last Airbender
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her work?
no, but i can recommend What Happened to Goodbye if you like.
yes she did. are you a fan of this genre?
no problem. I am glad that I could help.
Well since your asking of Don Cheadle, might I suggest The Guard?
Actually, it is considered a Romance and Drama film. Do you like Romance films?
Actually, Don Cheadle starred in The Guard as well as Don Cheadle.
Hope you enjoy it!
He plays cricket and was recently named Cricketer of the Year.
He is on the India national team, the Manchester United F.C. team.
Sachim Tendulkar, and Virat Kohli are a few players on the team.
Yes! Mike Newell directed Pushing Tin and Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time.
Pushing Tin is written by Mike Newell.
Absolutely, Enjoy and have a great day.
Absolutely, have a great day!
I think he is the best small forward of all time, he is an underrated athlete.
Yes, he is a good basketball player. Do you follow the Warriors?
Oh nice. I watch Basketball sometimes. My favorite team is the Lakers.
Oh, that's too bad. I watch Snoop Dogg from time to time.
I do. I like Cam Newton, a Quarterback of Carolina Panthers.
Hot Fuzz is a black comedy and parody film starring John Malkovich.
Yes, you are correct! It is a sci-fi movie starring Simon Pegg too.
Sure, it was released in 2004.
No problem!
He starred in Count Dracula that also starred Louis Jourdan.
Absolutely! Other movies in the Romance genre include "The Looking Glass Wars", "The Golden Compass" and "The Looking Glass Wars." Would you like more information about any of those?
You are very welcome! Happy to help!
I love that movie. It stars Spike Jonze and Sean Penn. Do you like them ?
Yes, I like them. The Pledge has genre Thriller.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Will do. Enjoy.
Will do. Enjoy!
I do too, he directed several movies such as The Dark Knight and We Are Not So Smart. Have you seen either of them?
It was written by Julie Garwood.
Fiona Shaw starred in this movie and she also starred in Casanova.
Do you need anything else?
Yes it is, it is a crime and mystery film.
You're welcome.
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
William Directed The Hunted, The French Collection, and The Exorcist just to name a few.
The Hunted is an action film. Do you like that kind of movie?
The Devil and Father Amorth was released in 1999 and is a drama/mystery film. Would you like other recommendations?
The Great Gatsby is a novel and The Chosen and The Affair are similar to it.
Then you'll like Tender is the Night.
The Surgeon is written byurgeon. Would you like me to add it to your reading list?
Do you like the book because it's a romance?
Yes, she has. She also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex.
Done. Enjoy!
You're welcome!
I sure do! Unforgiven starred David Schwimmer and Clint Eastwood. It's a good film.
I'm not sure about that, but I know he directed The Civil War.
Those are good ones. I haven't seen them yet, but I've heard they're a lot of good movies.
Josh Hutcherson wrote The Kids Are All Right, and the entire Hunger Game series. Have you heard of any of these?
The Hunger Games has genre Young-adult fiction. Have you seen it?
I hope you enjoy it!
Well, Madonna is an icon. She starred in Fast Times at Ridgemont High.
I don't have that information but I do know she was influenced by Sean Penn from Fast Times at Ridgemont High.
Yes, he did. He starred in Snatch, along with Sean Penn. That was a great TV show as well.
Not sure but I see a listing for an athlete in India for Cricket.
Yes, he was currently playing for the Chennai Super Kings. I believe he is from India.
No problem. I am happy to help.
Amy Poehler wrote, Yes Please have you read this book?
have you heard of Parks and Recreation
Lorne Michaels starred in the movie. what else can i do for you today?
Tina Fey has written several books. what else can i do for you today?
Yes, Arsenal is a sports team. It is a European Football team based in England.
I am not, I know they are owned by Magic Johnson.
The Washington Redskins is my favorite team!
Jonathan Levine directed The Wackness, starring Mary Kate Olsen. It's a romantic comedy
Jane Adams also starred in X-Men Apocalypse which is a comedy.
Yes, it was released in 2014.
No problem
He starred in Taken 2 and Taken 3. Have you seen those?
Colombiana also stars Taken 3 and Taken 3. It's a great thriller Columbiana.
Sorry, I don't have that information. Something else I can help you with?
Enjoy!
Honestly, I don't really follow football much. I do know that they are having a good season.
I think it's overrated so it's not overrated if it's possible.
Thanks for the info.
Well, Iron Man was a great action movie by Jon Favreau. Similar movies like The Incredible Hulk, or The Avengers by Stan Lee might be a good choice.
I do, he starred in the show O.C
He also starred in The Nightingale, which is a very good movie. Have you seen it?
George Clooney is probably one of the most well-known actors in The O.C. If you like his work, you should check it out.
You're welcome.
By Dean Koontz?
It was written by George R.R. Martin. It's a part of the Vampire Academy series.
The Lady in the Lake is a good one.
Have you read The Man in the Iron Mask or Rob Roy?
Have you read The Man in the Iron Mask or Rob Roy?
You're welcome
Nikki Minaj is a friend with a Tyga and Baby and she has a very good hits
Do you like pop music?
You know, not only did you know that the team is owned by David Guetta, but I do know that he is a Danish artist, and a model.
Of course, I am assuming you enjoy romance novels?
Yes it was. 2012 was the year that released The Last Lecture.
I like thrillers also. Then you might like Shark Night.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Judd Apatow wrote the comedy film This is 40 as well as the romance movie Knocked Up
Groundhog Day was written by Wes Craven and produced by Jodi Picoult. Do you like Dramas?
He did in Groundhog Day with Kristen Stewart and Dazed and Confused. Both are great movies!
He also directed and produced Knocked Up, which was a comedy.
Sure, it's a great movie. It stars Tom Hanks and Julie Walters
I don't know of any other films he wrote. Sorry
You're welcome!
Isn't he a composer and songwriter? The name is familiar but I can't place him specifically.
A Thousand Years is one of my favorite songs
Yes, i like them too. They are my favorite too.
That's a nice one. I like his voice a lot in Cadillac Record movie
I liked that book. I remember that Cameron Diaz and Ben Stiller starred in There's Something About Mary
I haven't seen that one but do you like Ben Stiller? He wrote Zoolander as well.
It is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society
Both books are in the genre of historical fiction.
You're welcome.
Great! Have a good day!
George Orwell wrote it, and released it in 1945. Do you like her work?
Then you might enjoy Nineteen Eighty-Four. Have you heard of that one?
Yes, her book The Temple of My Familiar is one of my favorites.
I am not sure about it
I would call it a drama
Your welcome
I have no idea about Oldboy. I know it is a Thriller like Oldboy.
Have you seen the latest movie with the same genre?
I'm not sure who stars in it, but it is a Thriller film.
She starred in the suspense film, Predators.
You're welcome!
I recommend The Ice Storm starring Tobey Maguire.
The Skulls is a popular one he produced.
To Kill a Mockingbird, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Manchurian Candidate are a few of his works.
Yes, Zsa Zsa Zsa Zsa Gabor is a Japanese film director, producer, and film producer. It is a triller.
It is a Crime Fiction. Would you like to check it out?
Jurassic Park is written by Michael Crichton. Its considered a thriller and a war film.
Jurassic Park is a sci-fi thriller.
Yes, he did. Colin Terrow directed Jurassic World.
Rickie plays golf for the U.S. right?
I don't know much about Rickie Fowler is an American professional golfer who plays as a striker for English club West Ham United and the Mexico national team.
Is that the movie written by Adam Sandler?
Yes. I have The Lord of the Rings and The Fellowship of the Ring.
You might like The Golden Compass or The Fall Of the Romance.
I have The Silmarillion or The Hobbit. Would you like me to add them to your reading list?
Wes Craven wrote My Soul to Take and the Scream series. Have you seen them?
I like that genre. My Soul to Take is a Horror Thriller. Would you like to hear more about that?
Yes it does! And I think you'll really enjoy it!
The Lost World: Jurassic Park is a modern remake of the movie! Its a classic!
Then you might like Zombieland, X-Men or World War Z.
I think you'll enjoy the original X-Men movie.
Sure! He starred in Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow. Have you seen those?
Surviving Picasso is American. He is a French actor, poet, songwriter, and actor.
Joss Ackland also starred in X-Men: First Class, Surviving Picasso and the Best of Me, Ack-It Ralph
The Little Prince would be considered a historical period drama.
Sure. Have a great day.
Hes great and has a wonderful wife in Gisele
I didn't know that. Is it a comedy?
That's too bad. He was in that family movie as well. It was a hilarious movie.
I definitely recommend Die Hard with a Vengeance, starring Bruce Willis.
If you like Bruce Willis, you might also enjoy Hudson Hawk. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did and he also wrote Die Hard with a Vengeance too.
You would definitely enjoy A Good Day to Die Hard.
Aliens is written by Ronald Shusett. Have you heard of him?
Gone Baby Gone was an excellent sci-fi movie. It was also turned into a movie. Have you seen it?
Bats was released in 1986 and is a drama/fantasy genre. It's part of a series.
You're welcome!
He directed the science fiction film Eraserhead.
Have you seen Zombieland? It's a good sci-fi flick.
She doesn't star in that movie, but you might enjoy that one as well.
Certainly! Enjoy them!
Alice Braga starred in The Rite and Repo Men
Repo Men is written by David Fincher. He also directed The Martian starring Tom Hanks.
He wrote a couple of movies called We Were Soldiers, Wild Hogs, for example.
Sure! Brett Helquist wrote The Vile Village, The Slippery Slope, and The Reptile Room. Have you read any of these?
The End is a drama and co-written by Lauren Oliver. It is a mystery too
Its a personal favorite of mine, the second book is titled Reese Witherspoon
Yes, I do. Do you enjoy him as an actor or singer?
He has a son named Justin. He is also a musician.
I have not seen it but will have to check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
I'll send you a link for you.
Yes, he starred in Windtalkers, Tumbleweeds, and Tumbleweeds just to name a few. Have you seen any of those?
I'm going to suggest The Manchurian Candidate or The Manchurian Candidate. They are both dramas.
It has a great cast. It's a drama film with a strong splash of comedy. It's about a group of paisanos, as well as a comedy.
Glad I could help. Enjoy the movie!
He is the player in Barcelona?
Not really, I think he's a good player. Do you know any other players?
I haven't read that one so I don't know the whole story but I do know it was adapted into a film.
Harry Potter and the cursed child is written by Dave Pelzer. It was released in 1988.
Jack Thorne wrote Harry Potter and the cursed Child, which is next in the series.
I don't know much about them. Who are their key players?
They're in action/adventure stuff. I'm not sure how they've played, but they're doing well this season.
They are part of the AFC West.
Sure! Eoin Colfer wrote The Phantom Tollbooth. Have you read that one yet?
Yes, it was released in 2008. That was the same year The Lady Elizabeth was released.
I have not read that one, but I know it was released in 1974.
I do, he is one of my favorite songs. Did you know he is friends with Selena Gomez?
Are you a fan of the genres?
I like his music but I don't know a lot of his songs, either. I think you would like The Muppets from that place.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Kyrie Irving is a professional basketball player. He plays as a point guard.
I wouldn't know of any other teams to be honest. The Celtics are one of the more popular basketball teams out there.
Sharlto Copley is the final.
Yes, Christopher Nolan wrote the sequel The Dark Knight Rises a very popular movie
He is a Russian author. His novel "Crime and Punishment" has been called the most famous novel in the world( as per IMDB)
Yes, it is written in English.
Yes, it is. Much like рестуление и накаание or диот?
No problem. Glad to help.
It is part of the series The Oz Books, would you be interested in others in the series?
You might enjoy The Wonderful Wizard of Oz by Elizabeth George Speare, or The Golden Compass by Philip Pullman.
Oh yes. The Golden Compass is a good fantasy series, as well as The Shadow of the Torturer.
You're very welcome. Enjoy the books!
Yes, Marco Reus is a soccer player for Dortmund. He's a midfielder/forward.
He is a professional soccer player who plays as a midfielder with the Germany national team.
Yeah, he is a Correct. I don't know much about him. But, I know he is from India.
The movie starring Robert Duvall?
Sure! A Corn of Thorns and Roses is a fantasy novel, would you like more books in the series?
Were you looking for something also by Sarah J. Maas?
The Assassin's Blade was also released in 2014 as well. Have you read that one?
You're welcome.
Are you looking for any particular genre?
That's correct. It also stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet. It's considered a historical period drama.
Titanic came out in 2007 and also stars Leonardo DiCaprio.
My pleasure.
Yes, I love her! She is a wonderful actress. Are you a fan of hers?
Then you'll like Welcome to Temptation, Where Rainbows End and Water for Elephants.
It is, it is considered a romance and is similar to The Time Traveler's Wife.
She wrote The Hunger Games and Mockingjay.
I do not really follow tennis much but I do know Venus Williams is great as well. Do you like her and Venus?
I like Stefi Graff. I think Martina Garoppolo was great in that movie. Do you like her?
Yes, I actually believe she is an actress too.
Yes. Michelle Wie is a female golf athlete from Honolulu.
That's awesome. Did you know she won BBC Young Sports Personality of the Year?
That's amazing! What is your favorite sport?
Do you like docudramas? She is known for those.
Reflected in You is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, she did write Reflected in You and One With You.
Sure. Margaret Atwood has written many different books. Her most recent work is MaddAddam but she's also worked on a Graphic Novel by the name of Angel Catbird. What were you looking for?
The Handmaid Tale is a genre of Speculative fiction. Does that interest you?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Have a great day!
I know he is a rapper, but I don't know much about him. Is he an actor or athlete?
The move Carlos is starring Brave New World and Martha Higareda. It is also a thriller.
It was released on November 9th, 2017. It is a very popular film.
Of course! A few that come to mind are "Tempted" and "Redeemed." Both are by the same author. Would you like to know more?
Tahereh Mafi wrote a number of short stories. Would you like to know more about these?
Yes, 2014 was the year that released You Are Not So Smart.
It was released in 2014 and is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
The Shadow Rising is a fantasy novel written by George R.R. Martin. Also, The Dark Knight Rises is a fantasy novel.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Wally Lamb wrote several books such as She's Come Undone and The Hour I First Believed. Do you like Fiction?
It was released in 2012. It is also a film adaptation.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
Sure. He directed Finding Neverland. Do you like family movies?
They are both historical fiction.
Nicholas Cage starred in Neverland. He is a great actor.
It was released in 2002 and is a drama.
Sure
You are welcome
I know he wrote a Speperate Peace great book
It's a novel, Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, the book is similar to Un Lun Duns.
Your welcome enjoy
The Waves is a book if you like the genre Reference. Have you read this?
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion. Have you heard of those?
Yes, Death Comes to Harlem is another great one.
She also wrote Mansfield Park as well.
The Giver was first in a series of books wriiten by Lois Lowry, the next is Gathering Blue,
Cool, I can recommend Wildwood Dancing and When You Reach Me.
I hope you enjoy it.
Did you enjoy Fight Club becuase it is a sci-fi film?
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you that he is a DJ right?
You're welcome.
Movies similar to Harry Potter include The Chronicles of Narnia and Beauty and the Beast
Have you seen Mary Shelley's Frankenstein? It is a fantasy movie.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Certainly. Mindy Kaling wrote The Office. It's a personal favorite.
It's a crime fiction film starring Mindy Kaling. Do you like those kinds of films?
I believe it's crime fiction.
Enjoy!
Aylmer wrote оскресение.
Anna Karenina also wrote она аренина.
Ok great, I can do that for you.
Cathereine Hardwicke wrote The Count of Monte Cristo and The Last Templar. Have you read them?
The starring in Red Riding Hood are Amanda Seyfried, Gary Oldman, and Billy Burke.
She also directed Gulliver's Travels.
He is a soccer player from the Manchester United F.C.
I know he played on the England National Football team and was originally a midfielder.
Yes he is a tiertier player. He plays midfielder.
Yes he wrote a lot of books. I like Locker because he is also a director.
Yes, he was. He is a great actor. Most of his movies are in the English language.
Cool. I like him as well. You should check it out when you have time, it's really good.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Where'd You Go, Bernadette is written by Maria Semple.
Yes she does write that book. Did you know she also owns a series?
Sure thing!
Sure! Lauren Kate wrote Passion and Rapture. Have you read either of those?
Sure. It was released in 2010. It's a young-adult fiction novel that was made into a film.
Sure thing. Enjoy!
Lewis Carroll wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and Through the Looking-Glass. Have you already read those?
It's a good one. Do you like Johnny Depp movies? I would recommend The Avengers.
Well, if you like Johnny Depp, you might want to check out The Rum Diary. It's one of my favorites.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Well, I'm sure you'll enjoy The Rum Diary. I hope you give it a try.
yes i have. their coach is David Platt. do you like him?
David Platt is one of his current players. Are you a fan?
You are welcome, have a great day!
Sure! Lauren Oliver wrote To Rome with Love. To Rome with Love is a Romance. what else can i do for you?
You might like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
I'm not sure, but it's a Thriller.
You're welcome.
Sure. David Silverman directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen it yet?
Ellen Burstyn wrote The Simpsons movie. Do you like her?
Yes, they are the same writer as The Simpsons movie. Have you seen it?
You too!
Not really a fan, but I do know he is an athlete who plays cricket
Not really, I prefer American cricket but I do catch a match.
He is definitely an author and plays cricket as well.
Yes That is a good movie starring Orlando Bloom, Billy Boyd, and Bernard Hill. Do you like the Lord of The Rings?
Sure, he starred in The Good Doctor and The Dark Knight Rises.
Great, Another movie in that genre is The Return of the King starring Orlando Bloom, is The Good Doctor.
Yes I do. The Death Cure is one of a Sci-Fi Series.
It was written by James Dashner. Have you heard of him?
Yes, it is. It's a part of the series The Maze Runner series.
Nicola Kraus wrote The Nanny Diaries.
I would recommend Last Night at Chateau Marmont. It is a great comedy.
It was written by J.K. Rowling, and is a Fantasy book. Do you like fantasy books?
I am not sure he starred in a TV show but I know he is a TV show called Happy Gilmore.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes! He starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like action movies?
Sure! Do you like Horror movies?
Sure, Grindhouse stars are Zombieland, Time Bandits, and Reservoir Dogs.
Oprah Winfrey, and Tracie Thoms.
I hope you enjoy it!
I like her song Hot n Cold. Did you know she was a voice in The Smurfs?
He directed Escape from New York and in the movie is starring Tom Atkins, have you seen either of those?
I would recommend Escape from New York than. It's a mystery/drama.
Emma Stone and Abraham Benrubi are in it. It's a fantasy movie. Do you like those?
Yes, JK Tolken. It stars Orlando Bloom and Chrisopher Lee.
Great, is there anything else I can help you with?
What Planet Are You From is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I don't know much about Venus but I do know that she is friends with Serena Williams. Is she your favorite athlete?
Yes, she is very talented. I like tennis better than Serena. How about you?
Wow, I didn't know that.
I don't follow soccer much but I do know he plays Midfielder position. I think he is from Bogota.
I don't believe that, but I do know he is a captain.
I do like American Football. What's your favorite team?
I would. It is written by John Hughes. Are you familiar with his work?
If you like comedy, you might like There's Something About Mary. It's more of a triller/drama.
I don't have that information, but it is starring Nicole Kidman
You are welcome
Wasn't he a featured artist on the dance-pop album Unbroken?
I don't know about his music. Is he a singer?
Absolutely. I think Selena Gomez is a great singer. Isn't she married to Jordin Sparks?
Do you like Shawshank Redemption because of its Drama genre?
He also wrote the Mist and Lawnmower Man
You are welcome.
Would you like to hear about other books by Alice's Adventures in Wonderland?
I am not sure. However, Lewis Carroll also wrote Through the Looking-Glass.
Ursula K. Le Guin is a science fiction book.
I do! He starred in Deadpool and The Transporter Refueled. Are you familiar with those movies?
Yes, Radivoje Bukvic is an Indian film director and producer. Would you like to hear more about him?
It's a thriller and action film. Do you like that genre?
Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore.
Great, another thriller you might enjoy is Scream 4. It's a very similar movie.
You are welcome.
That's the fourth in the Indiana Jones series of movies. Have you seen the other three?
Journey To The Center Of The Earth is a good one.
Journey To The Center Of The Earth is a good one.
Robit Sarma i an Athlete who play in India.
He plays Cricket for the Mumbai Indians and is from the United States.
Yes, he does.
Yes. It looks like he also plays for the Mumbai Indians.
I recommend Island.
The first one was published in 1981. Have you read it?
Yes, you're right. They're the only one I know of.
That's a great book by Ian McEwan. It was released in 2001.
Christopher Hampton also wrote Without Fail, Inheritance, and Inheritance. Have you read any of those?
The Quiet American is a Mystery/Thriller.
Without Remorse is a thriller that was released in 2010.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
2012 is a Sci-Fi/Action movie. Are you looking for something in the same genre or by the same author?
The genre is fiction
Sean Connery starred in it.
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
I can recommend another movie directed by Tate Taylor-I Spy
Yes, it is. I haven't seen it. I haven't seen it. It's a good one with Bill Murray. I really liked it.
Yes. Ryan Reynolds was in The Croods.
She starred in The Muppets a musical comedy.
That's right! I haven't seen it yet, but I know it's good to know. Is it any good?
Yes, I do. It was written by John Grisham and is a romance novel.
It is a psychological thriller, do you like that genre?
The Firm is also a thriller that is similar to The Client.
Great, enjoy the movie!
He is a football player. I think he is a good player
I don't but I know he is a forward and a midfielder
I enjoy watching college football and baseball
Who is your favorite team?
Yes football in the summer summer too. Packer is a great player
I'm not that all into world soccer, but I believe they're one of the top clubs if I'm not mistaken. Are you a fan?
I have never heard of soccer, what sport do they play?
I agree. They are a good team.
Are you a fan of the author, John Scalzi?
It is a mystery, similar to True Blood
You're welcome.
Your welcome.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She has other books, Do you like the Romance genre?
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen
That book was written by Virginia Woolf who also wrote To The Lighthouse.
Have you read No Country for Old Men? It was actually made into a movie.
It's a fiction and adventure book. Do you like those kinds of books?
Have a good day.
Yes, she was the singer. Did you know she also sang I Really Like You?
No, I did not know that! Are you a fan of that show?
Oh yea that's what I meant. She was a regular on The Voice. Have you seen that one?
Alejandro Amenábar wrote The Words, have you heard of it?
The Others starred Nicole Kidman and Keith Allen.
No problem, enjoy.
Well, he wrote Madame Bovary which is a romance novel. Do you like those kinds of books?
It's a historical novel released in 1856.
Yes, another romance novel is The Return of the Native. Have you read that one?
If you like Malcolm Bowie, I recommend The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
It's a romance novel. If you like Malcolm Bovary, you might also like The Return of the Native.
It's a romance novel. If you like romance novels, you'll like Welcome to Temptation.
If you like fiction you'll like Welcome to Temptation
You're welcome!
I do too. He's been in The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October.
Yes, he wrote Nostromo: a Tale of the Seaboard.
Yes it's a very new book. It was released in 1931.
It was released in 2005
He wrote The Road and The Crossing.
I have The Time Traveler's Wife and The Way of Zen are good books with Cormac McCarthy.
Sean Connery is the author of Your Heart Belongs to Me. It's a good one.
It was released in 2004.
Of course, enjoy!
Jane Eyre is a fiction work written by Michael Mason. Do you like Romance novels?
Sure. He also wrote Jane Eyre which is a romance novel.
I don't think so. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome.
It was written by Malala Yousafzai.
He also wrote The Girl from Aleppo, Farewell Kabul and The Africa House.
Veronika Decide Morrer is a war novel and Mako is a history.
He is an author as well as an author. The book was released in 1987.
I don't know. I know he is playing for the Boston Celtics.
I prefer tennis. Do you like other sports?
Yes, I agree. The Lakers would be a great team as well!
O Alquimista was written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988. In English, it's called The Alchemist. Have you read that?
Paulo Coelho also wrote The Alchemist. Have you heard of that one?
I will do that. Enjoy!
Sure! Divine Secrets of the Ya=Ya Sisterhood is written by Rebecca Wells, It's a novel genre.
She has written Ya-Yas in Bloom, she also wrote Little Altars Everywhere.
Enjoy!
Sure! Kami Garcia wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Redemption which are Young-adult fiction novels. Have you read either of these yet?
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You are welcome.
She wrote Throne of Glass , and The Assassin's Blade.
She also wrote Throne of Glass and The Assassin's Blade.
Great, hope you enjoy!
Wonderful. Enjoy
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a Sci-Fi Action movie. Do you like these genres?
Kodi also starred in Slow west with Ben Mendlesohn.
Dead Europe is a crime, thriller film. It is also a film.
You are welcome.
Yes. The movie Artificial Intelligence is directed by Steven Spielberg. Would you like to hear more titles by this director
I recommend The X-Men series, it is a great movie.
You are welcome have a great day I know you will enjoy.
It was written by Evan Goldberg. Are you interested in other Evan Goldberg movies?
It is a Psychological Thriller and a comedy. Are you into that genre?
I'm not sure, but Evan Goldberg also directed The Guilt Trip and The Green Hornet.
Do you enjoy this book because it is a war film?
He has also written Thirteen Moons and The Cold Mountain.
It was released in 2009 and is a drama/fantasy film.
You're welcome!
I liked them better when Jason Witten was playing, but they're still a pretty good team. Are you a Cowboys fan?
He was in the movie Jerry Jones played for the Dallas Cowboys. Did you know he also starred in the movie Star Trek?
Oh yeah. That's a reality show. Do you like reality?
It was written by Steve Oedekerk, who also directed Kung Pow: Enter the Fist
Sure. He also starred in Ace Ventura Pet Detective and Dumb and Dumber. Both are action movies.
That's the only information I have on that. He was a star in Ace Ventura: Pet Detective.
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Hunger Games. Do you like Science Fiction movies?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now. But he was also in The Kids Are All Right.
She was in The Kids Are All Right, which was a really good film.
The genre is Thriller and Drama.
You're welcome!
Do you like thrillers?
He also wrote Reservoir Dogs.
You're welcome!
You are welcome.
She wrote Mean Girls and Bossypants.
Yes, he was in the Kite Runner as well as the movie The Rum Diary
Sure. Tate Taylor directed The Help and also Get on Up.
Yes, Cicely Tyson does a great job with her work in Scream 4.
She was in The Women of Brewster Place and so di Larenz Tate.
You're Welcome! Enjoy!
Sure! Are you interested in the writer, Christopher Nolan, or the star, Tom Hardy, at all?
Christopher Nolan
Star Wars is a great one! It is written by George Lucas. Did you know he is also a director?
Harrison Ford and Carrie Fisher starred in the film. It's a very good movie.
Yes, it is also a Drama, he also starred in the Star Wars Holiday Special
Sure! Do you like Fiction? You may want to check out The First Man in Rome or Lost Souls.
She has also written Circling the Sun that I found for you. Have you heard of it?
I'm not sure but it is considered a historical fiction, drama, and a romance film.
I'm not sure but it was released in 2015.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Lea Thompson starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wild Life.
She starred in Postcards from the Edge and Slapstick. Have you seen either of those?
I like Red Dawn. That is a great movie starring Katharine McPhee.
He also wrote A Christmas Carol, which is a very good movie.
OK. I will add those to your list.
Yes, it was a very good movie. Do you like crime fiction?
Yes, that he did. The Godfather Part II starring Sofia Coppola.
Yes he did. That is a movie starring Robert Duvall.
He wrote The Portable Atheist and he wrote Nostromo: a Tale of the Seaboard.
He also wrote Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides. Have you read that one?
Yes it is, it's a romance novel by Gustave Flaubert. Do you like her work?
Of course! I also recommend the book The Tempest.
Stieg Larsson is an American professional footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich and is married to Gisele. Are you a fan of his?
Sure. She's written a number of novels including Graceling, Fire and Bitterblue. Do you like Romace, Fantasy or Speculative fiction?
Unfortunately, I do not have that information. However, she also wrote Graceling which is a Fantasy.
I don't know that but I see it was released in 1922.
Sure, it was a book written by William Nicholson and has genre in Children's Literature.
The Giver was written by Lois Lowry and is a children's literature
I think he's a good qb. Did you know his brother Jordan was on the Bachelorette?
I do, the Dallas Cowboys are my favorite. Which team is yours?
I've never been to a football movie before. What sport do you like to watch?
I believe it was a Story about a murder which may be unstoppable.
It was written by Rick Riordan. It is a Young-adult fiction book. Do you like this genre?
The Lost Hero is an autobiography
Yes,The Titan's Curse is a young adult fiction
You are welcome
Monsters University Movie
Toby Jones and Dan Scanlon also starred in Monsters University. It is a family movie. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, he has written The Terminator, The Order, and The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you read any of those?
The Prince is a historical fiction.
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People is a book similar to The Prince.
Yeah, I think I heard a lot about him. He's a great singer and song writer. Have you heard of him?
I am not a big fan of their music but I have heard some of his songs from him a lot.
I have never heard of him but I will have to check out his music out!
Sure! Do you like books written by Truman Capote?
He also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Murder by Death. Would you like more information about these?
No problem, I'm glad I could help!
It was written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010. Have you read it?
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010. It's a great book!
Sure, Walk the Line was written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010. It has a genre Biography.
Sure, it was written by Richard LaGravenese and released in 1999.
I love her music. My favorite is I'm Not Dead by Pink. What is yours?
I wasn't a big fan of her music. I like some of her songs like Valentine's Day, The Lorax, and Lovestrong. Do you like any of those?
I don't read any of her music. Is she a good artist?
Sure, she is starred in White Squall and The Princess Diaries, among others.
White Squall is a documentary film and some stars include Jeff Bridges, Jason Marsden, and Jason Marsden.
Are you looking for similar science fiction films?
Yes, that is correct. I don't have any information on that, is there anything else I can help you with?
You too!
Of course. Charles Dickens wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop, to name a few.
It was released in 1987 and is in the genre of Speculative Fiction.
I don't know, but I do know he was born in 1835.
Hope you enjoy them!
John Grogan wrote Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog. Did you know it was turned into a movie?
Yes, he also starred in Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog.
Sure! Do you like Scream because it's a crime fiction?
Well, I'm not sure about that, but I do recommend Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
It is a romantic comedy, starring Johnny Depp. The movie was released in 1997 and also stars Seth Rogen. Do you like her?
Sylvester Stallone directed The Expendables starring Jet Li and Jason Statham.
Yes, he was, I think so. Do you know him from The Expendables?
I don't have that information, but Sylvester Stallone did star in Redbelt.
Yes, it written by Cassandra Clare and released 2014. Have you read it?
The genre is fantasy. Do you like fantasy books?
It's part of a series and the next book is The Iron Trial. Have you read them?
Natural Born Killers is similar to Pulp Fiction.
It is starring Scarlett Johansson, Robert De Niro and David O'Hara
He, from China, is famous for his table tennis ability, which is awesome to watch.
Wow! I didn't know that! That's pretty cool.
I like swimmers, too. I'm also a huge fan of swimmers.
I like them too!
Bobby Farrelly starred in Stuck on You. Stuck on You is written by Peter Farrelly. Would you like more information?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
I don't know who else stars in it, but i do know Matt Damon was also in Good Will Hunting.
Rob Cohen directed: The Skulls starring Leslie Bibb. He als directed The Fast and the Furious .
I am not sure, but I can tell you it is a drama produced by John Pogue.
No problem.
Not much, I know it is a German sports club based in Munich. They have a game this coming Saturday.
Its a soccer team
Yes he did
I believe he was a musician who also played cricket
I'm not sure about that. I don't really follow cricket.
Certainly! Million Dollar Baby was directed by him. He also starred in it. Great movie!
Tommy Lee Jones is starring in that movie as well and it is a comedy.
Enjoy!
The Lives of Others and The Tourist are two good ones.
The Tourist is a drama starring Ulrich Mühe and Sebastian Koch. The actors might not be that known but the story is really good.
Florian also directed The Tourist starring Angelina Jolie and Johnny Depp.
It was released in 2003.
I'm not sure who wrote it but the film is directed by Florian Hemsworth.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
I think Coach Steve Kerr is doing an awesome job leading the team. Have you seen them play?
Did you know he won the NBA All Rookie of the Year award?
Oh I agree. He's one of the best players ever.
Jane Eyre is a fiction work written by Michael Mason. Do you like Romance novels?
Jane Eyre is actually a novel by Charles Dickens
Among others is The Gift written by H.G. Wells
Russel Westbrook is an American professional basketball player. Are you interested in him?
I enjoy baseball and baseball. What about you?
Yes, I did know that he is from Canada.
He wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read it?
The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas has genre Tragicomedy.
You are welcome.
I know it was written by James Frey. Do you enjoy speculative fiction?
It was released in 2014 and is a historical fiction genre.
Yes, he has directed The World's End, The War of the Worlds, and Small Favor are some of his works.
Richard Andrews is the author of The tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark.
Yes. 1600 was also the year that released The Winter's tale
I am not sure about that but I do know Shakespear wrote The Winter's Tale.
Sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he is an athlete from Greifswald and plays for the Germany National Football team as a midfielder.
Yes he is, he is also a midfielder and a forward as well.
Not really but I do know it is a German national football team. I like American Football.
Isn't he a tennis player?
Basel is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Yeah, she's a pretty good singer. I had her song Call Me Maybe stuck in my head for a while at one point. You like her?
Yes she won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Video.
Yes, she is also a musician as well. She has written a few songs like We Found Love, and Thank You for Smoking.
yes, do you like jaws because it is written by Peter Benchley?
Yes, he also starred in the movie Jaws 2.
You're welcome
Les visiteurs and Amélie are good ones. Have you seen these?
It was written by Louis Sachar. It is a romance novel. Do you like romance films?
It's a romance film. Do you like romance films?
I can tell you that he directed the thriller The Pelican Brief. Have you seen it?
It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
It was released in 2012 and stars Denzel Washington and Josh Brolin.
I also have information that Craig T. Nelson was in fact nominated for Best Actor for this movie.
She is also in Winnie the Pooh and The Weeknd.
You're welcome
I know that they're an NFC south team and i believe Lovey Smith is the coach
I do. I'm a NY Giants fan. But I do like the San Diego Chargers. How about you?
I like football and baseball. What about you?
Not so bad, heard they sung the song One Step Closer. Do you know this song?
I do not know much about Somewhere I Belong, but I do know Joe Hahn is also a writer and a comedian.
Yes, I bet you do like their sound and they are very popular
Yes, I do. But I prefer the Dallas Cowboys. Which team is your favorite?
Yeah they did! They were the runner ups in Super Bowl XLVIIX so they have a lot of wins.
Tom Brady is the owner of the Patriots, but they haven't won so much this year!
Sure! Do you like books by Truman Capote?
Sure, another crime drama novel is Utterly Cold Blooded by Truman Capote, which is a crime drama.
Yes it was, and it was based on a true story.
Sure, which genre do you prefer? Fantasy, Comedy or Adventure?
Yes, it also stars Sean Penn. Do you like him?
Garfield also stars in Galaxy Quest. Have you seen that one?
They are pretty good. They were runners up in the 2003 NBA Finals.
Yes, I like basketball. What's your favorite team?
Not really. But I do like the Dallas Cowboys. Which team is your favorite?
I knew it was a horror movie but I had no idea. She was pretty good in The Manchurian Candidate.
She was in The Book of Eli which was an animated film. She also starred in Summer of Sam. Have you seen that one?
Ted also starred Sylvester Stallone and Alexis Dziena.
Enjoy!
Sure. He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen that?
Yes he was, along with Winona Ryder.
Yes, I think it was 1994.
I do, I love the Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End.
He was. I'm not sure how he was in that movie, but I do know he was also in The Good Doctor.
I'd recommend The Good Doctor. It's a thriller.
Do you like X-Men Origins because it is a thriller or because it is science fiction?
Sure, he also starred in The Wolverine, which is a science fiction film. Do you like science fiction?
Waiting also stars Anne Hathaway.
You are very welcome.
Sure, do you like it because it is a Historical period drama or because of the genre?
He was in Good Will Hunting, The People Speak, and Push, Nevada.
Well, he was in The People Speak, which is one of my favorites.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, the film was directed by Leo Tolstoy and Richard Linklater.
He also directed Pretty Little Liars, which is a drama movie. Have you seen that one?
I am not sure but the movie Confused was released in 2013 and directed by Richard Linklater.
Great! You may also like the movie starring Vernon Dobtcheff. Have you seen it?
In the movie The King Kong, Alfred Hitchcock makes a cameo appearance.
It is categorized as a drama, romance and drama.
Woman on Top is a Fantasy/Comedy. It is in the same genre as King Kong.
Yes, it's very good, it's a comedy with Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet.
They are a team in the NFL. One of the best teams in the NFL.
They are pretty good. Who's your favorite team?
That's pretty cool. I don't know much about them as well, but I do know the Steelers are coached by Mike Shanahan.
This is the end, Express,The Interview
It starred Mindy Kaling, James Franco, and Channing Tatum.
Yes he did, Channing Tatum also starred in The Interview.
Channing Tatum also starred in White House Down. It was really good.
The Vow also starred Mindy Kaling and Martin Starr. It is a fantasy adventure film.
You're welcome!
Sure! Red Dragon is also a Psychological thriller that is similar to The Silence of the Lambs.
I believe he also starred in Wrath of the Titans and Unknown.
Great!
Apocalypse Now is a classic. I also recommend The Red Dragon.
Yes, The Lion King is one popular movie. Have you seen it?
If you like action movies, you might also enjoy A Midsummer Night's Dream.
You're welcome.
Yes, The movie written by Vince Gilligan, starring Will Smith.
Will Smith also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness, have you seen it?
I am not sure of the genre. I do know Shia LaBeouf is a drama and Thriller.
Sure. I, Robot is now playing.
Isn't he a soccer midfielder?
I don't follow much for that team, only because Fabrio Capello used to play for Italy.
I follow basketball some. My favorite team is the New England Patriots. Do you like basketball?
It's a Thriller. Are you into Thriller movies?
they are a great kpop band. do you like them?
They are both from South Korea and are a great country music. My favorite genre is Korean.
I'm not sure, but I know they were runner up in Super Bowl XXXII.
Yes, Jason Flemyng starred in Wild Bill, Welcome to the Punch, The Social Network, and several others. Do you have a certain genre in mind?
Sean Penn and Randall Park just to name a few.
You're welcome.
Your welcome.
I sure can! She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Elie Wiesel.
It has the genre autobiography as well as non-fiction.
Great! If you like Marion Wiesel, you might also like The Power of Forgiveness.
Do you like the movie because it is a crime movie or because you are a Romance fan?
Rupert Grint and Hugh Jackman both starred in this good movie.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, he is one of my favorite authors. He wrote The Godfather.
That's a good one. He was actually born in Spain and writes a lot of Spanish literature.
I know that Ziggy Marley starred in it, but he is also a musician.
James Franco is also in it, and he is also an actor.
Are you referring to S. Epatha Merkerson who starred in Terminator 2: Judgment Day?
That movie is a science fiction film. Are you interested in either of those?
Yes, if you like dramas, you might also enjoy A Walk to Remember starring Emma Stone. It is a historical novel.
Yes. Steven D. Levitt wrote SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling
Yes, he also wrote SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling, Patriotic Prostitutes, and Why Suicide Bombers Should Buy Life Insurance.
I have not, but I know he is from the United States of America.
Yes, Stephen J. Dubner is an American author who wrote SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling, Patriotic Prostitutes, and Why Suicide Bombers Should Buy Life Insurance.
Edgar Wright wrote The Stand and The War of the Worlds. Have you heard of those?
Yes science fiction novel are the ones that are similar to The World's End.
Yes! I liked him in Scream 4. Have you seen it?
Coldplay is a band with Chris Martin as the lead vocal. Do you like their music?
Coldplay is a drama, do you like dramas?
Yes I like most of his music. The House of Mirth is a great one by her.
She wrote dreams of Gods and Monsters.
It's a fantasy novel released in 2014 starring Keir Dullea and Jeffery Rush
That came out in 2014. Are you interested in this book?
You're very welcome!
I do like basketball. I think he's from Oakland. What's your favorite team?
I didn't know that! That's where he's from.
I have only seen him play. Have you been to any of his games?
He starred in the thriller Grindhouse and in Death Proof. They were both pretty good.
It was written by Rupi Kaur and also stars Bill Murray.
It is a romance with a bit of drama. If you like that genre, you should check out Real Girls. It is very funny.
Sure, Big Fish was written by John August and he also wrote Titan A. E.
The Matrix is a popular western film, starring Kenny Orci.
Yes, Kenny Jones wrote Willow Frost which is a romance film and was released in 2010. What else can I do for you?
You are welcome. Have a great day!
Sure! Phil LaMarr has starred in Zambezia, The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou, and The Green Mile. Have you seen those?
It also stars Sam LaMarre. It is a Crime Fiction film. Do you like those genres?
It is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, have a nice day.
They are a basketball team. The coach is Jason Kidd. Do you like basketball?
Me too! Transformers is a great movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
He stars in the sci-fi movie The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
It is a action movie and it also stars Robert Downey Jr. and Kevin Dunn.
Sure! Similar romance novels might be The Fiery Cross or This Lullaby. Romance novels always make me feel warm and fuzzy.
Yes, Voyager is a romance novel by J.K. Rowling.
Yes, that is correct.
Great, you are welcome.
I'm not sure, but I do know she is a tennis player from India. I don't watch it much.
Not really. I just know that Serena Williams is a tennis player from India.
Yes, they are very successful in that movie!
Sure, he starred in Looking for Richard.
These are comedy/crime.
He also starred in A Guy Thing. Have you seen it?
Sure. Sense and Sensibility was also written by Jane Austen.
Stepford Wives is written by Ira Levinson. She is a great author.
She also wrote Sense and Sensibility. You might like that as well.
I'm glad to help.
Yes, she is a singer. She sings a Thousands years, very popular song.
She is a very talented pianist. Do you like her music?
I'm not sure about that. I know it was a long time ago.
You're welcome
He's a good actor. Do you like him? He starred in a lot of movies.
I haven't seen it I've heard it's a good movie. Do you like crime fiction?
No, The Hurt Locker stars by Mark Boal. I'm not sure who else stars in it.
Awesome! I hope you enjoy it.
Absolutely! He was in Step Brothers, The Hangover and The Other Guys.
Unaccompanied Minors starred Tyler James Williams, Teri Garr, and Jessica Walter. It is a comedy.
Sure. You might also like The Lorax, it's a animation.
Certainly. Is there anything else I can do to help?
Enjoy.
He is the player, he plays for the Brazil national football team. Do you like soccer?
Good choice! It's a romance starring Reese Witherspoon and Jim Norton.
Great! I hope that you enjoy it!
Sure, it was written by Leo Tolstoy and Richard Linklater stars in the movie.
Yes, Leo Tolstoy wrote the film and Leo Tolstoy.
Yes, Leo Tolstoy was influenced by Richard Linklater. He also wrote Anna Karenina?
Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, would you like to know about other books in the same genre?
Yes, she is a writer. She also wrote The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner.
You're welcome, enjoy!
It stars Justin Timberlake and Matt Dillon. Do you like Biographical films, Justin Timerberlake or both?
Tom Everett, Corey Johnson, and Tim Roth all starred in The Social Network.
White House Down is a popular one by Holden Scott.
Enjoy!
Sure, he is an author who wrote the biography David Copperfield. Are you a fan?
My favorite book by him is The Pelican Brief. Have you read it?
Yeah, Zadie Smith is a great writer. Did you know he wrote The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson?
John Carpenter directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13. Do any of these sound interesting?
It is starring John Carpenter and its actually a series called The Fog. The Fog was released in 1987.
She's amazing. I'm sure you will love it.
I'm not sure the genre, but Jamie Lee Curtis starred in American Pie and in The Fogs.
Lord of the Rings is part of the series. The next book is The Hobbit. Have you read that?
Women in Love was written by Candice Bergen.
He also wrote A Christmas Carol and The House of Mirth.
The Matrix is Sci-Fi. Do you like that genre?
The Matrix was produced and directed by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta. Is that something you might like?
Christopher Nolan, Tom Hardy, Michael caine , Christopher Nolan
A Wrinkle in Time is a science fantasy novel written by American Madeleine L'Engle. Are you interested in science fiction?
You might enjoy the Dark Knight Returns or the Watchmen. Do you like young adult fiction movies?
Yes, it was written by Madeleine L'Engle.
The Witch of Blackbird Pond by Elizabeth George Speare and the Giver are examples.
It was released in 1974 and is also considered a children's fantasy.
You're welcome.
Ayush Mahesh Khedkar starred in Slumdog Millionaire. Are you interested in that?
Slumdog Millionaire is an indie drama. Do you like Indie films?
In 2012. It's a romance. Do you like romances?
No problem. hope you enjoy.
I know he wrote The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies.
Aidan Turner also starred in the Book of Eli and City of Bones.
The genre is Fantasy
The Golden Compass starring Nicole Kidman
Yes, the director is Simon McBurney
Do you like the author Roald Dahl?
Zoe's Tale, I believe is written by John Scalzi. Would you like to know more?
Yes, it is speculative fiction and science fiction. Would you like some more recommendations?
I do a bit; I know that Donna Tartt wrote it and that it was released in 2013.
Yes, she won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. She also won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.
Yes she did. She also wrote The Secret History
Dinna Tarrt was born in Los Angeles in the United States of America.
you're welcome.
JoJo Moyes wrote that one. You may also like The One Plus One.
Great! I would recommend The Ship of Brides, but I haven't read that one yet.
Enjoy!
Yes, it's a good book. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Yes he also wrote Paper Towns. Are you interested in either of those?
I'm not sure. Can I help you with anything else?
I should check that one out. It's a young-adult fiction.
He wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Great Gatsby.
I would recommend The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy!
Yes, I do. He wrote Deadpool and wrote Angelo Pizza. Do you like Deadpool?
Do you like The Goon because it is a fantasy movie?
Black Hat is a sequel to The Goon and it also stars Ian McKellen
Sure no problem, have a great day!
Sure! Pan's Labyrinth is a 2006 American historical drama film written and directed by Guillermo del Toro. It is a young adult fiction novel. Do you like those genres?
Yes, it is in English. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure about the genre but I do know that it is written by Guillermo del Toro.
The Golden Compass is a good Fantasy movie. Have you seen it?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I've heard of him, but haven't read his work. He wrote "'The Water is Wide, "The Prince of Tides" and "The Lords of Discipline". The prince of tides was made into a film! Have you seen it?
Did you know that he also wrote A Christmas Carol?
Yes that is correct. Michael York also wrote a couple of the books he wrote like Frostbite as well.
Yes, I like him, he wrote  which was released in 750 A.D. very old writer. I like the movie .
I haven't seen it but I heard it's an interesting story.
I haven't seen it but I do know The Godfather Part II is starring Al Pacino.
Have you seen The Godfather II?
Sean Penn wrote the book into the wild.
Yes, Sean Penn wrote The Pledge which stars Sean Penn. Would you like to know more about it?
I recommend The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie starring Sean Penn.
Me too! He starred in You Can't Take It with You.
Tom Hooper directed The Damned Unite and The King's Speech
Sure, I have The Invisible Man, The Book of Mormon and The Invisible Man.
Glad to help.
He is one of my favorite artists of this age! I like his song Runaway baby. How about you?
I am not a big fan of her music. I do know she starred in Princess Protection Program
I'm more of a Kate Winslet fan, but for sure I would love to learn more about her. What about you?
Sure, I've been a fan since I've been listening to pop music.
The coach is Lousi van Gall but thats really all i know. Do you like him>
Marco Reus and Mesut Ozil are the coaches.
Yes, they won the 2009 UEFA Champions League Final.
I am not sure, but I know The Maze Runner is a Mystery book. Do you like Fiction books?
Richelle Mead is the author of The Maze Runner books.
your'e welcome
Yes, a great book I can recommend by Roy is The God of Small Things. Have you heard of it?
It's a children's book, do you like those kinds of books?
Yes it was made into a movie
You are welcome, hope you enjoy it!
That book is written by Sue Monk Kidd and is in the fiction genre. Are you into children's literature?
Its a great children's book written by Suspense genre
no but I can tell you the book is based on how well it was adapted to film
Nina Auerbach wrote a book called Dracula
Sure, have you read The Invisible Man?
Well, there is a book called The Invisible Man. Have you heard of it?
You're welcome, have a good day!
Yes, it's a fantasy movie starring Orlando Bloom and Christopher Lee among many others. Do you enjoy fantasy movies?
I'm not sure. I would recommend The Good Doctor or The Dark Knight Rises.
Enjoy. Glad I could help.
I think they are a great time and they are coached by Gary Kubiak and owned by Bob McNair.
I'm a fan of the Seattle Seahawks, but I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. How about you?
Yeah, he owns the Houston Texans. Are you a fan of the Houston Texans?
Yes, he starred in Vatel. Have you seen that?
Woody Harrelson and Duncan Duncan all starred in it. Do you like them?
It came out in 1994.
It's a classic! It was released in 1847. It's about unrequited love and it was written by Emily Bronte. It's a classic!
I do! She wrote The Good Earth which is a Historical period drama.
I don't have that information, but I do know it was adapted into a film.
I also recommend it.
I'm glad I could help.
Are you referring to Maria Sharapova who is a professional tennis player?
I know she plays tennis and also that she is married to Mirka Federer.
I just know a little about basketball. My favorite sport in the sport is the NBA but I think it is watching a lot of games.
Didn't he play on the India national cricket team?
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
In 1989: A Memoir of Fate, Friendship, and Love was also released.
You are very welcome.
Enjoy!
Sure, do you like Fantasy or Action movies?
Yes and X-Men 2 is written by Zak Penn
I know it was released in 2014
Absolutely, Enjoy
Steve Carell and Ryan Gosling are in that movie. Shallow Hal is another good romantic comedy
Well, Ryan Gosling starred in the movie, Crazy, which is a romance film. Steve Carell starred in it as well as wrote it.
You are welcome. I'm happy to help.
Sure. He is a sci-fi novelist who wrote Cycle of the Werewolf, Creepshow, and The Stand.
He is from the United States of America.
The Dead Zone is a horror novel. Do you like fiction?
I'm not sure about that
The Post is a movie related to Forrest Gump
Tom Hanks starred in The Post, Forest Gump, and Cast Away.
Tootsie is one of those movies that Tom Hanks is in that one. It's a classic!
Enjoy!
Happy to help!
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like fantasy movies?
It has a genre of thriller and mystery. Do you like those genres?
It stars Pierre Perrier and it is a thriller and was released in 2016.
I do! I like their coach Pete Carroll, but I'm not sure they are as good as they once were. Do you?
It could be worth a look. I think the Seahawks will really have a chance to win the Super Bowl this year.
Do you know anything about The Seahawks , they are not too loud?
Stargirl was written by Jerry Spinelli who also wrote Milkweed and Maniac Magee.
Sure. He also wrote Milkweed and Maniac Magee.
You're welcome and is there anything else I can help you with?
I think he is a very good tennis player. Do you like tennis?
That's true. He had a record 23 grand slam singles titles
I agree. I like Roger Federer too. He had a good career in tennis.
Definitely. She wrote The Assassin and the Underworld, which is a similar book.
You are correct. J.K Rowlings wrote those books. She also wrote The Casual Vacancy.
Sure Do you like the author Liane Moriarty or the genre Young-adult fiction?
Yes she did. Big Little Lies was released in 2014. She also wrote Three Wishes and The Last Anniversary.
You are welcome, enjoy!
I liked them better when Jason Witten was playing, but they're still a pretty good team. Are you a fan?
My favorite team is the Broncos. How about you?
They seem to be having a bad season. They are 4th in their division right now.
I agree, he is a great player
X-Men 2. X-Men 2 starring bruce davison
Sure. He also wrote Underworld, Twilight, and X-Men: First Class.
The Incredible Hulk stars William Hurt, Ty Burrell and Tim Roth
Sure I've read a couple. She wrote The Hiding Place. That was a good one. I also like God's Smuggler.
It's a Non-fiction Autobiography released in 1964. It's also considered a Autobiography.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it.
Noah Emmerich starred in Windtalkers. what else can i do for you?
Yes, you might like The Legend of Drunken Master or The Matrix Revolutions.
Ok. Have a good day!
Have a good day!
I love Phil Lord. Phil Lord directed my favoriteThe Lego Movie
I'm not sure who starred in 22 Jump Street. Would you like to know more about his movies?
I don't think so, he was in White House Down too.
You're welcome, enjoy!
It was written by Sean Penn. The genre is Thriller.
Yes, I would recommend it.
Yes, she is. No Strings Attached is probably the one you were looking for.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Well, James Frain who is in it is also in Transit (Crime Fiction Film).
Then you might like World War Z or Wolverine, you may like those.
Mike White, Emma Stone, Derek Graf are the starring actors in Zombieland.
It was released in 2013
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Dogtown.
Another good read is Nowhere Boy. Have you read that one?
You're welcome!
That's listed as Speculative fiction, fiction and Children's literature - which are you more interested in?
That is a great book by William Shakespeare. It's part of a series.
Sure, A Little Princess was written by Megan Whalen and has genre Speculative fiction. Would you like to know more about that?
The classic literature by Ernest Hemingway is a good read. You like Hemingway?
You might like To Your Scattered Bodies Go, or You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger.
It is a romance and was released in 1929. Would you like to know more?
Groundhog Day was written by Billie Letts and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like Romantic Comedies?
Charlie Sheen is a big name in this movie.
Yes he was Ghostbusters II. Do you like action movies?
you are welcome
Not so bad, heard they sung the song One Step Closer. Do you know this song?
Sure, it is starring Ryan Reynolds one of my favorite actors. Do you like action movies?
You might enjoy Cloverfield starring Tom Hanks or World War Z. It's a very good Sci-Fi movie.
Yes. It is very good but it is also a sci-fi film. If you like those type of movies you should check out The Avengers.
I'm not sure if she was in it, but she was in it too.
He wrote Mimacs which is a drama.
Micmacs is a TV miniseries starring Yonger as well.
I do not know when he started, but I do know he is a comedian.
Your welcome
Of course, have you read the whole series by Neil Gaiman?
It was written by Neil Gaiman and was released in 2013.
OK, have a nice day.
Joel Coen wrote No Country for Old Men, and he also wrote Inside Llewyn Davis
Well, Jack Nicholson starred in The Wildest Dream and Grease, you might like those.
Natural Born Killers was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Do you like the movie because it is a science fiction movie?
I am not sure about it. I do know that it is a comedy.
It is. You should check it out. It starred Robert Duvall. It is a spy movie.
You are welcome.
JoJo Moyes wrote it. You might also like The One Plus One.
Sure. She also wrote The Ship and The One Plus One.
You are welcome.
Excellent choice! He's known for Robin Hood, The Three Musketeers and The Comte de Monte-Cristo.
No, Alexandre Dumas was not the original writer. He also wrote The Count of Monte Cristo
He also wrote The Third Musketeers and The Comte de Monte Cristo.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, he wrote the books, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time, The Red House and a A Spot of Bother. The first book has a genre Mystery.
Yes, that is a great movie by Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more about it?
I have. If you like Peter Capaldi I would recommend X-Men 2 or World War Z.
Enjoy
Well, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
No, there is a sequel. Have you heard of The Great Gilly Hopkins?
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy it!
If you like Hunger Games, you might like Catching Fire. It was the next in the Hunger Games series.
Shark Night is a thriller that stars Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt and Joshua Leonard.
I know he wrote Walking Disaster, have you read it?
It is about a paranormal romance. Does that sound interesting to you?
I'm sorry I don't have any recommendations for that.
You are welcome.
Sure, are you into sci-fi or action films?
I like him too! He's a great actor. Then you might also like Youngblood which is also a Sci-Fi movie.
Matthew McConaughey stars in John Wick. Would you like to know more about Keanu Reeves?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Not really, but I like her song Chandelier and Titanium with David Guetta.
Yes she did, she also won the MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year.
Yeah, she is on the bucket list as well. She has a lot of good players like Toni Morrison and Jack Black.
Lana Wachowski starred in The Matrix Revolutions and Speed Racer. Have you seen either of those?
Have you seen X-Men 2 or World War Z? They are Family and Comedy.
I'm not sure, but it was directed by Lana Wachowski.
Ooooh that sounds like a good read. I have four genres: young adult fiction, urban fantasy (which is fascinating), romance novel and paranormal romance. Which of those interest you?
You might enjoy the Vampire Academy series - The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
If you enjoy the Vampire Academy, you may also enjoy Shadow Kiss and Blood Promise.
Yes, Leigh Dragoon did write it, have you read it?
Would you like more from the Mission Impossible Series, or other action movies?
Would you like recommendations for other movies starring Will Ferrell or Morgan Freeman?
Some similar movies are The Lego Movie and X-Men: First Class. They are very similar.
I'm not sure about that one, but Will Ferrell was in Ocean's 8. It is directed by Ron Eldard.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Tom Skerritt starred in Ted, I know that.
Ted is a comedy-drama.
You're welcome.
You might enjoy The Missing. She's also written by C.S. Lewis.
Yes, he also wrote The Last Manand my favorites that is similar to The Modern Prometheus.
Yes, they are all written in English. Another good read would be The Last Unicorn and The House of Mirth.
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
It was released in 1856, and is considered a Romance Novel.
Yes, she did. Did you know she also wrote Madame Bovary?
I know they are part of the NFC South
I don't know much about football either. But the Cowboys are part of the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
I like hockey and baseball. What about you?
Yes, there is a sequel to Toy Story and Toy Story 2.
Yes, there are a few of the actors in Toy Story 3.
It's very good! Will Ferrell and Christopher Lee are in it!
Done
Blake Griffin is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Do you like basketball?
I don't follow sports at all except the Superbowl. Is he a good player?
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Sure, it was the first of a series written by Stephen King. The series is considered science fiction.
William Sanderson also starred in The X-Men movies as well as Blade Runner.
J.K. Rowling was in it too. He had a good voice.
Bood Diamond starred Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Me too! He was excellent in What's Eating Gilbert Grape and The Wolf of Wall Street. Have you seen those?
"The Wolf of Wall Street" and "The Wolf of Wall Street" are two of my favorites.
He has starred in Match Point, The Missing, and Welcome to Sarajevo.
It's a romance film.
The Way is a thriller.
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
Law Abiding Citizen is starring F. Gary Gary who directed The Italian Job which you might like.
Law Abiding Citizen starring Roger Bart and Richard Portnow is a psychological thriller. Have you seen this movie?
You might like Snow White and the Huntsman, which is a psychological thriller and crime fiction.
The fifth element is written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Pallbearer.
The Farthest Shore is a science fiction movie similar to that one
You're welcome
I am not, but I know she has a song called pill and that she was married to a motorcross pro.
I've heard some of her pop hits on the radio. What's your favorite Pink song?
I like her too. Did you see her in the movie The Muppets?
Sure. He wrote The Three Musketeers and The Last Man.
It was released in 2005. It is a mystery/fantasy book.
Yes, it actually has a translated version. You should check it out when you have time.
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Dogtown.
It is Young adult fiction
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Dogtown
Your welcome
Sure! Are you into Crime Fiction?
It is a mystery/crime movie, do you like those types of movies?
It is a good movie. Do you like dramas?
It is starring Robert De Niro and Michael Fassbender
You are welcome
So-so. Do you mean the Science-Fiction written by Preston and directed by Roland Emmerich
It is a thriller. Do you like that kind of movie?
Yes, The Mists of Avalon is also a good historical drama
Do you want to know more about The starring actors?
you are welcome
Dream Dark and Beautiful Redemption are by this Author.
It's considered a Romance novel, similar to Beautiful Darkness.
Well, it's fiction. It's more of a thriller, but I think you might like it.
I'm glad to help!
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time is a Fantasy/Comedy/Drama. Do you like these genres?
The Looking Glass Wars is a great fantasy movie you might like.
Daniel Radcliffe starred in Dungeons & Dragons.
I'm glad I could help.
The wedding girl, Mirandas big mistake are some of them
She wrote Wedding Night, Twenties Girl and The Undomestic Goddess.
Wedding Night is a romantic comedy. It is about a bride.
Don't mention it.
Sure. She's written a number of novels including Graceling, Fire and Bitterblue. Do you like Romace Novel?
Yes, it is a Romance novel
Do you like Voyager?
No problem
I have not, but I know she wrote A Tree Grows In Brooklyn.
The book was released in 1943
Yes it was in the English language
I am a huge fan of the Belgium national football team. What about you?
Thanks for the info. I am a huge fan of American Football. What about you?
My favorite baseball team is the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
My favorite team is the Red Sox. Do you have a favorite team?
Yes, he is a director. He directed The Social Network and The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo. Do you like him?
Yes, I have seen it, but I don't know much about it. Do you like him?
Yes, he directed The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and Gone, Baby, Gone.
Yes i do one of them is Shackleton which is an action movie.
Matthew McConaughey is in Shackleton. Are you familiar with him?
It came out in 2002.
William Goldman starred in The Princess Bride
He wrote a book called the Princess and the Frog.
Yes, he wrote a book called Lion, The Witch, and the Wardrobe.
No problem.
Sure, she wrote I Am Malala: The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban.
I would say they are very good. It was released in 2011 and is a drama/fantasy.
You're welcome! Have a great day.
Stan Lee is the main actor.
Yes he is. Emma Stone also starred in Movie 43 and Birdman.
Yes he did, Rashida Jones is a great actor.
You are welcome!
Yes, He wrote the book, Things Fall Apart. Did you know that he's not only a writer, but a critic as well?
Have you read the whole series? I like fiction too.
Yes I did. Is that the movie you wanted to see?
You are welcome have a great day.
Reservoir Dogs is similar to Pulp Fiction
Yes she was in it, have you seen it?
Your welcome
Sure, Mitch Alborn wrote Tuesdays with Morrie. Have you read this one yet?
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre Thriller
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre Speculative fiction as well as fiction.
The Matrix is written by Lana Wachowski. She also directed Jupiter Ascending, Bound, and wrote V for Vendetta.
Ninja Assassin stars Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, and Jada Pinkett Smith.
I'm a fan of Thrillers. Is that the genre you like?
You should check it out. I really like Echoes of Silence.
It looks like they were influenced by the song The Weeknd.
I like it, I think it is a good book by John Grisham. Are you familiar with his work?
Some of his more thriller movies are The Pelican Brief and The Firm. Would you like to hear more about those?
The Cold Moon was released in 1993. It is a drama/fantasy novel that also falls into the genre of suspense.
I'm not sure the genre is suspense but it is also considered a thriller and a suspense film.
I don't have the information in my data base but if you want to get more information on the book in English, the book is in English.
You're welcome.
Green Eggs and Ham? As in the book written by Dr. Seuss?
The Cat in the Hat, Hop on Pop and There's a Wocket in My Pocket are some of his works. Have you read those?
Well, if you like fiction I would recommend The Cat in the Hat and Horton Hears a Who!
You're welcome.
I love him! I especially enjoy his earlier music with Maroon 5
I do like his music. Do you know he starred in Maroon 5?
I do. I like X Factor as well. It's a comedy with Adam Levine.
He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
Yes, it is Sci-Fi. Do you like that genre?
I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, it is written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his writings?
He also wrote Romeo and Juliet, A Midsummer Night's Dream, and Twelfth Night. Have you read any of these?
Have you heard of Gnomeo & Juliet? It is considered Fantasy.
You're welcome
Anthony Hopkins starred in both Bobby and The Edge.
Yes he starred in Bobbye and Swept Away
I dont have that information but i know it is written in English
Anthony Hopkins also starred in Tropic Thunder and The Secret Life of Bees.
You are welcome
I would recommend Wizard and Glass and The Sandman: Endless Nights. My favorite is The Graveyard Book.
Yes, that's right. Have you seen it?
He is influenced by Chris Rock, Tom Hanks, and Jane Austen.
Yes, The Graveyard Book is considered Children's literature in Speculative Fiction and Fantasy.
You're welcome!
It is a romance and stars Scarlett Johansson. Do you like romance films?
Scarlett Johansson is a romantic comedy/romance and was released in 2010.
Ok, she's also in We Bought a Zoo and The Prestige.
Alright, she's also in the movie We Bought a Zoo which is a comedy.
I'm sorry, I do not have that information.
You're welcome!
Yes! It's an Action movie and we have good selection of action movie here; The World Is Not Enough, The Protector, and The Negotiator.
Vivica A. Fox also starred in Why Do Fools Fall in Love and The Salon. Have you seen either of these?
Yes, he is. He was also in Pulp Fiction as well. Do you like his acting?
I do not know much about them, but ther are owned by Amy Adams Strunk
I have not heard of him, what position does he play for?
I have not heard of that one. I will have to check it out.
Sure! He starred in The Apostle. It is a romance/drama. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he also wrote the Apostle. Did you know he also starred in Scarface?
Of course, some more Indie films you might like are Zodiac, The Last Stand, and The House of Mirth.
Yes, she is a singer, songwriter and musician from London.
yes her music is great. I like her too. do you like her?
Wayman : Team Owned: John Lennon. I think he is a talented man.
thats great! What's your favorite basketball player?
I think he is a really good artist. I really like him in movies too!
i didn't know he was married to Cameron Diaz. Do you like his music?
He also has an acoustic guitar , do you like him?
Yes, The Fellowship of the Ring is based on the book. The Fellowship of the Ring is the first book.
I am not sure about that. However, Sean Bean was in The Good Doctor.
Christopher Lee was in The Two Towers and The Return of the King.
The Battle of Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan, the next book in the series is The Titan's Curse.
I believe The Battle of Labyrinth is a young adult fiction. Other books in this series are The Son of Neptune and The Titan's Curse.
Well, The Battle of Labyrinth is a young adult fiction novel. Do you like this genre?
You're welcome!
He directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen that yet?
He also directed The Simpsons Movie. He also directed The Longest Ride and The Road to El Dorado.
Ok, then you might like The Chipmunk Adventures. It's also animation so you might like it.
Enjoy it!
Jennifer L. Armentrout wrote Shadow and Wicked. Are you a fan of musical theater?
Yes, it was also a play.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome.
Yes, she wrote Man on the Moon and Other Stories.
Danny Huston also starred in it. It is a very good movie.
It was released in 2014
You're welcome
I'm familiar with the book called Stones into Schools: Promoting Peace with Books, Not Bombs.
It is also written in English. Did you know that Stephen King wrote the Bone Clocks?
I believe it was written by Stephen King. Are you familiar with Stephen King?
No problem!
Sure. He directed Super, which stars Rob Zombie and Zach Gilford.
Jason Statham is starring in Slither. He also directed Batman Forever
He also directed Girl, Interrupted and Cop Land.
I hope you enjoy them
Sure, He wrote The Merchant of Venice and Much a do About Nothing. I can tell you a lot about Paul Werstine if you would like?
Yes, I believe so.
Yes. It's written by Robert Zemeckis.
Elysium is a action thriller staring Matt Damon and was released in 2013.
I can't wait to hear that. The movie is based on a book and science fiction piece. The movie is based on a book and a movie was directed by Dan Brown.
He's been in lots of movies, but isn't he in The Green Mile?
OK! Have a great day!
I'll play that for you now.
his last album was released in 2016. Do you like him?
Sure, I can't remember when it was on the radio. I'm not sure of that.
I like him too. I'm also a fan of his duet with Hayden Panettiere called The Count of Monte Cristo.
I like some of them. My favorite band is American Idol.
Are you in to Chinese? Since most of his books are written in a weird language
It was released in 1866
Its a fiction book
I think he is a mixed martial arts fighter of the same name.
He also played in the UFC 94 and was born in Sao Paulo.
I'm not sure how she's done but the sport is really intense
He wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Sure! He also wrote The Universe in a Nutshell. Would you like to know more about that?
It also stars John Ratzenberger. It's a series of movies that you might like.
Have a great day!
Let me see, I know that he's a Songwriter. Were you aware that he sung New Perspective?
Is this the book that was written by Frances Mayes?
Under Magnolia was released in 2004.
Under Magnolia was released in 2004.
Brad Garrett starred in Underdog ,The Pacifier,The Country Bears and The Clockwork Girl among other movies
The Pacifier is a Thriller and Science Fiction. Do you like those types of movies?
Underdog is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure, do you enjoy crime or dramas?
The Escapist is a drama/mystery movie. It is starring Brad Pitt.
I know he starred in The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou.
He wrote Thirteen Reasons Why and The Future of Us. Do either of those interest you?
Those are great books. If you haven't read any of them, you should check out Matilda too.
Witches Abroad and When the Wind Blows are two other good ones.
It was released in 1981, and it is part of a series.
Awesome. I hope you enjoy it.
City of Lost souls has a genre Fantasy and Adventure do you like these genres?
Yes, the original was released in 2004.
The Bane Chronicles and The Shadowhunter's Codex.
You're welcome.
The Historian has the genre suspense which includes The Last Templar and The Collector. Would either one of these interest you?
I don't have any other names. But I do know it was written by William H. Macy, who also wrote The Scarlet Letter.
I actually don't have any information on the movie but I do know that Without Fail was written by Dick Hall. Were you aware that?
You're welcome.
The Messenger is a good one or The Mark of Athena.
Did you enjoy it because it was written by Tate Taylor or because it is a Romance?
Yes! He was in it as well. If you like action movies, you might also enjoy Welcome to Sarajevo.
It's a romance movie with some romance and drama mixed in. It's a great movie!
Enjoy!
Sure. Didn't that movie star Robert Downey Jr.? If you like his movies, you might try The Avengers or One Night Stand.
The genre is Thriller and Drama. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, it is. Val Kilmer is in it as well.
You are welcome!
Sure, Rupert Sanders directed Snow White and the Huntsman.
Yes she did, she was also in it as well.
Brothers Grimm wrote Van Helsing have you heard of that one?
You're welcome!
Yes, The Son of Neptune is written by Rick Riordan and is a young adult fiction book.
Yes, I think it was a good one. If you like young adult fiction, I recommend The Titan's Curse.
No problem!
I don't really follow music. I know that he is friends with Selena Gomez who I like.
She was also in Spring Breakers and Ramona and Beezus
Me too! That was a great movie. It also starred Roger Rees, who is awesome in it.
Not really, I think she is kind of weird. I saw A Very Gaga Thanksgiving and didn't like it at all.
Yes, I love Will Smith too. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was. He was also in The Bluest Eye. Have you seen that one?
Certainly! He wrote Terms of Endearment, a Drama starring Debra Winger.
Yes it's a nice movie. Do you have any other questions about As Good As It Gets?
I think you'll like Tootsie as well it's a romantic comedy.
Yes Evan Goldberg directed The Interview
Great! You are welcome!
Yes, This is the End is a comedy with a bit of drama. It's about a guy mistakenly thought to be looking for a hired killer.
You are welcome enjoy
Yes, John G. Avilden is the program creator for the TV show Mad Max: Fury Road and the Sworn Sword. Have you heard of these?
Yes, Sylvester Stallone also wrote The Shining and Watchmen. Would you like to hear more?
That one is starring Tom Hanks, Heidi Klum, and Kenneth Branagh. Would you like to know more?
Yes, she is. She starred in The Cosby Show.
Anytime!
Movies similar to Harry Potter include The Chronicles of Narnia and Beauty and the Beast
They are Young-adult fiction
I am not sure of any similar to this movie, but there is one Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them
There are 5 parts in this series, but I am not sure.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome
Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
Have you read The Valley of Horses? It was written by Jean M Auel.
The Shelters of Stone is a Fantasy novel written by Terry Pratchett and was released in 1993.
That's a great book. It was written by John Scalzi and is Speculative fiction.
You're welcome.
Derek Jacobi is in a lots of movies. I like his acting in Unforgivable Blackness and Underworld:Evolution. Are those good?
Unforgivable Blackness also starred Mike Colter and Jennifer Lawrence
He sure did, along with Richie Rich and Meryl Streep.
That is correct. Keith Carradine also starred in the movie Lord of the Rings
Yeah, I think I heard of him he plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
I like a lot of football. I am more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I do. She is very talented. One of my favorite tennis players is Venus Williams.
Yes, he is very good at tennis and is married to Mirka Federer.
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
I like Michael Jordan too. Who's your favorite player?
I think I heard of him. Do you know if he produced Ghostbusters?
Probably so, however their coach John Fox seems very effective.
Sure, Sea of Monsters was written by Rick Riordan.
It is speculative fiction
You might enjoy The Lightning Thief or The Sea of Monsters
Have you read The Curious Case of Benjamin Button?
It was released in 1922. Have you read it?
He has written The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Great Gatsby. Have you read them?
You are very welcome! Enjoy!
Michael Crichton is really well known for he wrote the book Disclosure. Did you like the book because it was a Romance?
I'm not sure. However, Michael Crichton is not only an author but a film producer.
Sure. Robin Cook is a writer and film producer. She wrote The Robots of Dawn.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Well, Ratatouille was fun to watch! If you like animated films, The Incredibles and Ratatouille are good!
Yes he is. Jason Lee also starred in The Incredibles.
You are welcome and you!
Great Expectations: Pip's Name and Going Astray: Dickens and London.
I'm not sure, but it could be considered a biography
Seabiscuit
Oh yes, he is a great singer. He also composed You Need Me, Do you know it?
Yes, it is a team by Ed Sheeran.
Love yourself is a nice song by him.
I can tell you it is speculative fiction. It that a genre that interests you?
Siddhartha was written by Hermann Hesse. Would you like books by Hesse?
It was written by Robert Jordan. Would you like to know more about it?
He's a prolific writer. He also wrote Winter's Tale, The Name of the Wind, and The Thief of All Things.
You're welcome!
Yes, I like it! It was written by J.R.R. Tolkien. It was released 1954.
Then you might also enjoy Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Yes, I love her. She was in the Harry Potter series.
Robert Louis Stevenson wrote The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes. Do you like this genre?
Great! Arthur Conan Doyle wrote The Complete Sherlock Holmes and The Return of Sherlock Holmes. Are you interested in either of these?
The genre is Mystery. Do you like mystery books?
Yes, The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes is a short story.
Do you like The Girl on the Train because it's a psychological thriller?
The Perfect Game was written by Sean Penn.
The Girl on the Train was directed by Paula Hawkins.
Yes, Sam Smith is a great Singer. I love his music
I like her fathers music
Yes, she sings and acts too! I loved her in Elf!! Does she have solo music out?
Yes. He directed Three Kings. HE also directed the wonderful film I Heart Huckabees with Lily Tomlin and Dustin Hoffman.
Yes, Nora Dunn starred in it as well. Do you like dramas?
Do you like movies with David O. Russell?
Great, hope you enjoy!
Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995. Do you like the book because of its story line?
Yes, it was also written by Christopher Bigsby
Yes, it is a drama, do you like drama?
Yes. I recommend A Christmas Carol starring Christopher Bigsby.
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
He starred in The Wrestler, The Thomas Crown Affair, The Fountain, and Scarface to name a few.
Yes, she starred in it as well.
She's been in a number of movies. She was in The Wildest Dream and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
No, The Wrestler is really good! You can check it out when you have time.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! He directed Legend of Tarzan and Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. Do you like dramas?
Yes, he has. He also starred in Fantastic Beast and Where to Find Them, which is a very well-known film. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome. If you haven't seen that one, I recommend The Casual Vacancy.
Sure. Joseph Heller wrote The Cloverfield. Have you heard of that one?
World Without End is similar. Have you read this one?
You're welcome!
Yes he was in Deadpool. Are you interested in movies like Deadpool or just movies with Stefan Kapicic?
Stefan Kapicic is also in Deadpool. It is a sci-fi thriller and a great movie! Do you like sci-fi?
It is a sci-fi thriller and horror film. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes. That's a film based on J.K. Rowling's work. Do you enjoy the Harry Potter series?
The Harry Potter series is on the same page here
Absolutely, some books written by Lockhart include We Were Liars and The Disreputable History of Frankie Landaue-Banks
It is in English. Did you know that it was made into a movie?
you're welcome. Enjoy.
Interstellar starred Matthew McConaughey, Mackenzie Foy and Anne Hathaway. It is a Sci-fi/adeventure, were you looking for one in that genre or with those actors?
X-Men:Days of Future Past is a good one, as is Interstellar.
Another good Sci-Fi movie is X-Men: First Class. Have you seen that one?
It stars Nicole Kidman and Robert Downey Jr., they also star in it.
Great, I would suggest on Flux, Zoom, and Zathura: A Space Adventure.
I was told his song We Rode in Trucks is cool.
It's a pop rock and soul. Do you like country?
It's a pop music. but the song I Don't Want This Night to End is really pop.
He directed Equilibrium a drama and Ultraviolet
They are both great actors. Are you in that genre?
It's a great film. It's stars Emily Watson too. Have you seen it?
No problem, enjoy!
He is a writer. He wrote The Verdict and Lethal Weapon 3. Are you a fan of his work?
I am not sure but I do know this is a popular book
Crime Fiction genre is mystery
Do you like The Selection because it is written by Kiera Cass or because it is a Young-adult fiction?
Other books by her are The Siren, The Prince, and The Selection are Young-adult fiction
Hope you enjoy it
You're welcome
He wrote Waking Life, which stars Ethan Hawke.
Yes, it is a Romance. Do you like Romance films?
Sure, Have fun!
He directed Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
John Green wrote it.
I can't find any books written by him, but John Green also wrote Paper Towns.
If you are looking for other books by John Green, you may also like Paper Towns.
Will do happy to help.
Good Will Hunting is directed by Matt Damon. Do you like dramas?
He actually did. He also directed Restless, which is an Indie film. Have you seen it?
Yep, that's correct. He's a great actor. He also starred in The Tales of Beedle the Bard. Have you seen that one?
I definitely recommend The Secret Life of Bees, which is another great one.
He's written When You Are Engulfed in Flames as well as Santaland Diaries.
He's written a lot of short stories, including When You Are Engulfed in Flames and Santaland Diaries. Are you a fan of either?
apologize, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that he is also a scientist.
It was written by E. Lockhart in 2014.
Of course, E. Lockhart also wrote The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks, and The Big Lebowski. Have you read either of these?
It's a fictional picture of a world divided by Germany and Japan, victors of the second World War. Does that interest you?
You're welcome.
Charles Frazier is an American novelist, critic, public speaker, essayist, and columnist. He writes in several genres but is known best for science fiction.
Thirteen Moons has genre Thriller and Drama. Do you enjoy those genres?
Thirteen Moons was written by Charles Frazier.
You're welcome.
I have not heard about that person. Are they a singer?
I also like their song Call Me Maybe. Do you know that one?
Yes he's a great actor. He starred in Island of the blue Dolphins which won a Newbery Medal.
He wrote Island of the Blue Dolphins which was released in 1960.
Yes he did. Éric-Emmanuel Schmitt is a writer and a poet.
He, from China, is famous for his table tennis ability, which is awesome to watch.
I am not sure, but I know he was in the 2012 Olympics.
You are welcome. I don't do that too much for table tennis.
Het Achterhuis: Dagboekbrieven 14 juni 1942 - 1 augustus 1944.
Yes, it appears to be in English
Yes, Eleanor Roosevelt wrote The Boy in the Striped Pajamas.
You're welcome.
That was written by Nicholas Pileggi and Martin Scorsese. It stars Vincent Pastore, Vincent Gallo, Samuel L. Jackson and Robert De Niro to name a few. Do you like movies with those actors?
Goodfellas is also starring Michael Connelly. Michael De Niro has starred in this movie as well.
Have you seen The Lost City of Faar, it is a great movie.
Bernard Hill starred in What Just Happened.
Yes, it is. What Just Happened in Niro is written by Art Linson.
You are welcome!
Do you like this because it is a crime movie?
Richard Roxburgh is starring in What Lies Beneath.
The movie was released in 1998.
You are welcome.
I know a little bit about them. The Boston Celtics is a NBA which is in the Eastern conference. This team is coached by Doc Rivers and Brad Stevens.
Not much. But I like watching Vince Young. Who is your favorite player?
I do, I love the Lakers. Who is your favorite player?
I have never heard of him, what position does he play for?
Sure, he starred in the Pianist which is a comedy.
Yes that is true he is in a lot of movies. Are you familiar with his work?
I'm sorry I don't have any information on that
She wrote Tuck Everlasting, which is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
Yes, it is considered a Romance and Historical fiction. Do you like those genres?
Yes, it is considered a romance and similar to Wuthering Heights.
Enjoy!
Stephen Chbosky wrote it. Did you see the movie?
Correct. Roland Emmerich wrote The Perks of Being a Wallflower. Have you seen that one?
Yes, that is correct. It also stars Tom McCarthy. Would you like to know about any other movies starring him?
You are welcome!
No I do not. I'm sorry. He stars in Gravity
Sorry, I don't have that information. However, I know Gravity was released in 2009. Would you like to know more about that?
Gravity was released in 2013. It was directed by Roland Emmerich.
Sure. Zombieland and X-Men: First Class are also good Sci-Fi films.
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
I don't like the Oakland Raiders. To be fair, I don't like the rowdy fans that go to Vegas. I shouldn't blame them for their fans, right?
I didn't realize that. Do you like the Raiders?
Yes, they are all rivals. Do you like the Raiders?
It is written by Christopher Nolan, starring Michael Caine and Scarlett Johansson.
It starred Roger Rees, Michael Caine and Hugh Jackman.
Rebecca Hall starred in WALL-E which is a science fiction film
Glad to be of help
Catch 22 is in the War and Satire genre. Is this the genre you want to stay in?
I am not sure about that, but it is a war novel.
There is a book similar to it called Closing Time. Would you like to know more about it?
Your welcome.
I do. I would recommend A House of Night Novel by P.C. Cast.
It was released in 2008 and is in the Romance genre.
You are very welcome. please enjoy
Yes. I like A Tale of Two Cities. It was written by Richard Maxwell.
It is. It is also a mystery, similar to White Teeth.
I will have to check that out.
You're welcome.
John Lasseter directed Taken 2, it has genre Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
That one was released in 2004. That's a great movie!
I'm sorry, I don't have that information either.
Sure. You are welcome.
Not a whole lot but I do know he's married to Hayden Panettiere from the show Nashville
She's a heavyweight boxer and is married to Hayden Panettiere.
Yes, I agree. The Titans is considered a classic!
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
Yes I do like the redskins. They are ok. I think they are doing well this season. Do you have a favorite team?
I am not a huge football fan but I do know that Alex Smith used to play for the Seattle Seahawks
I believe this was written by Terry Pratchett who also wrote The Last Hero.
Yes you are correct. Terry Pratchett also wrote Wyrd Sisters
Some good Speculative Fiction books are Zoe's Tale, Witches Abroad, Wizard's First Rule, Wolf Brother
He is on the Golden State Warriors. Do you like basketball?
I think he is 41 years old
Yes, he is very tall
No problem
Do you like him because he writes crime fiction?
Yes, Ted Tally wrote it and starred in The Silence of the Lambs.
Well, you might also enjoy The Silence of the Lambs, which is a thriller.
Enjoy
I haven't seen it but I do like action movies. Have you watched all of them?
Yes, Shia Lebouf also starred in Armageddon. Have you seen that one?
If you liked that one, you might enjoy The Philadelphia Experiment or The Men Who Stare at Goats.
I do. He is a basketball player who lives in Long Beach, California.
Yes I am a fan of the Miami Heat. How about you?
I believe so. It also starred Rob Lowe.
I don't know about Hush Hush but I can recommend you movies where Christoph Waltz starred.
Yes, it's a series - another great novel is Wrath of the Titans
It is a romance novel by William Golding.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Thank you
A few things. He's from London and plays Golf most prominently.
Very good as well. My favorite golfer is Venus Williams though, so I think he's still in a relationship with Tiger Woods.
I have seen Happy Gilmore too.
The are a football team in the AFC East. Jimmy Buffett is part owner. Do you like the Dolphins?
Oh gosh, I'm not much of a football fan myself. What sport do you like?
I'm not sure how they are doing this season but I do know that they are coached by David Beckham
Yes, he wrote Rayuela in 1963. Are you a fan of his work?
Rayuela was released in 1963; the same year that Way Station was released.
You're welcome.
I think she's a singer like Lady Gaga and Katy Perry right?
She was in a science fiction movie called The Giver. Did you know she plays the harmonica in it?
The Giver was written by Lois Lowry, who also wrote The Lorax. You may enjoy that one.
I recommend the book Paper Towns.
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars, Paper Towns, and Looking for Alaska.
It is a similar book, The Fault in Our Stars.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works
Another movie you might like is In Cold Blooded. It was also written by Truman Capote.
I have not seen it. I will have to check it out. Thanks for the information.
Sure, I do. Nathan Greno wrote and directed Tangled. Would you like to know more about this film?
That is correct. Mandy Moore was also in Tangled. Would you like to watch that one?
Sure! World War Z is a great family film. I would recommend that one as well.
You're right! Tim Allen was very famous in Toy Story 2. He was also great in that one as well.
Yes! He was also in That Thing You Do.
You are welcome! Enjoy!
Yes. The movie Artificial Intelligence is starring Steven Spielberg. Would you like to hear more titles by this author?
The Goonies is a great movie starring Robin Williams, Robert Davi and Richard Donner to name a few. Would you like to hear more?
This movie was released in 1999.
Great choice! It starred Russell Crowe, Paul Bettany, Michael Abbott, Jr., and Judd Hirsch.
He also starred in Proof of Life, you should check it out.
Winter's Bone is another good Sci Fi movie. It was directed by Terry Gilliam.
You're welcome
It is a movie starring Marlon Brando and other Marlon Brando, would you like to know who produced it?
Robert De Niro is the director of The Scent of a Woman.
I believe so.
Certainly! He has starred in many films, including Unbreakable and The Assassination of Jesse James.
Witless Protection is a crime drama and also starring Mark Wahlberg.
Sure! Witless Protection is a great one with a lot of Crime genre.
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo stars Al Pacino.
Glad to help!
Yes, isn't she a singer?
Anne-Marie is a singer like Paul McCartney. You like music?
Some of her albums are Girl with a Pearl Earring and Lady Gaga
I'm not really familiar with their music. What's your favorite song by Linkin Park?
I personally enjoyed their song One Time. I am a fan of Linkin Park, how about you?
I prefer rock, like The Wiz, or Metallica. I like some of their music.
Yes. Craig T. Nelson starred in movies like How to Train Your Dragon and How to Train Your Dragon 2. Are you familiar with these movies?
He was in The Incredibles too! He also starred in Step Brothers. Do you like that genre?
He was in Twilight and The Psychological Thriller.
You are correct! Tyrone Giordano starred in The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou. It's a very good movie.
I don't know anything else she was in. Sorry.
Sure! You are most welcome.
Sure, Sylvia Plath wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath.
Absolutely, she also wrote The Collected Poems, and The Journals of Sylvia Plath.
Writings of Sylvia Plath? Sylvia Plath was released in 1982.
I think he was a celebrity friend to Tyga. He was in The Wiz, have you seen it?
Really, it is a really good movie. He was a writer and a musician too.
Ah yes it's the one of the whale movies! It was written by John Lennon.
Sure, I can help. He directed Deadpool. Have you seen that?
Deadpool is a superhero film. Do you like superhero movies?
I do not have that information right now, can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome, enjoy!
He wrote II Principe
Il Principe was also written by Niccolo Machiavelli. He was also a musician!
Il Principe was also written by Niccolo Machiavelli. He was also a musician!
Il Principe was also written by Niccolo Machiavelli. He was also a musician!
Sure. He wrote The Egyptian and The Charge of the Light Brigade. Are you familiar with either?
I am not sure about that but I can tell you it was released in La sombra del viento.
I'm not sure. Can I help you with anything else?
She has written many good books. including The Color Purple which was also a play. Do you enjoy books by female authors?
The Color Purple is a Drama book and the genre is fiction
Yes, it is a musical like The Color Purple
Memento is a book written by Christoper Nolan.
I do not have that information right now
Absolutely, Enjoy
The soccer player? I heard he is good. He is fourth-most goals scored of all time in the European Cup and UEFA Champions League.
Wow, I didn't know that. Thanks for the info.
I like them too. My favorite team is Manchester United F.C.
The Scarlet Letter was written by Tom Hanks and has genres romanticism and Historical Fiction. You might like The Polar Express.
He is a basketball player and plays point guard.
The World According to Garp is The Cider House Rules.
It was released in 1995.
You're welcome!
Yes he wrote Set It Off starring Vivica A. Fox
She's a great actress. She also starred in Men in Black 3 and Gone with the Wind.
It was produced by Ronan Bennett and released in 2006. It is a Romance film.
Of course! I hope you enjoy!
Have you seen other movies in the same genre or do you like action movies?
The Fight Club has a genre of Thriller, Drama, and Action. Do you like those genres?
I don't know about a comedy but I do know that The Ghost Town is another comedy.
Brad Pitt has starred in the movies such as Edward Norton and the musician Meatloaf.
You're welcome
It's a romance and a biography. Do you like biographies or just romance in general?
Simon McBurney also starred in Days of Blood & Starlight. Have you seen either of these?
It is a Romantic film, similar to The Theory of Everything. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, he is a Cricket player from India.
ok. Do you like football or soccer?
That's a interesting fact, I'm not sure if he was born in India.
I agree! Lakers is a great team. Did you know they were coached by Mark D'Antoni and Mike Brown?
Mike Brown is a good coach. Do you know he is from San Francisco?
Yes, Holes is a book for young adults and is filled with adventure.
Wayside School is Falling Down is written by Louis Sachar. He also wrote small steps.
Yes, Holes is a great book! It was written by Louis Sachar. I hope you enjoy it.
I know he plays basketball for the Golden State Warriors. He plays both positions shooting guard and point guard.
I'm not sure, but he's also a point guard for the Golden State Warriors.
They are all basketball movies. The only one I know is The NBA. They are a good team.
You're welcome!
Ethan Suplee starred in Vulgar
I have not seen it but I know he is a writer and actor as well.
Sure. Vulgar is a 2008 American crime drama film directed by David Fincher. It was released in 1995.
Sure, he's a writer, actor, and actor to name a couple of his movies. He wrote, directed and starred in The Pursuit of Happiness and Sense and Sensibility.
You're very welcome. Enjoy the movie!
I have not heard much about it but I know it is coached by Louis van Gaal and Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
I actually don't know much about soccer, but it's a German soccer team. I prefer American football.
I haven't read it, but I know it's written by Terry Goodkind. It's considered High Fantasy. It was released in 1994.
Spcecials is a good one. You might also like The Pillars of the Earth which is speculative fiction.
It is a romance novel.
Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell. He also wrote Animal Farm.
It is a Biographical novel. Do you like that genre?
I dont know of any fiction novels by him. However, he wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
I am not sure of the genre but I know it was released in 1922.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
It is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you
I think he is/was a NFL player. I don't know much about him.
OMG, I love their team! I like Tom Brady though. He's good. Do you like him?
I like Stephen Gostkowski. He's with the New England Patriots. Did you know he was a quarterback?
Yes I do he is a celebrity boxer that fought Oscar De La Hoya didn't he?
Yeah, I think I'd have to look him up. I don't know much about him. Is he any good?
Yes, I have heard of him. Is he also a writer?
Well, The Time Machine was written by H.G. Wells who also wrote The War of the Worlds. Have you heard of it?
It was written by Robert A. Heinlein.
The genre is science fiction
Breaking Dawn is part of the Twilight series. Have you seen that?
Wicked Lovely is a romance that came out in 2009. Would you like to know more about that?
Of course. The film stars Steve Buscemi and Steve Buscemi and is classified as a Teenage Dream.
Good to know. It stars Steve Buscemi and Jean Simmons.
Andrew Garfield starred in The Social Network and The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you seen those?
Emma Stone is in it. The Amazing Spider-Man is a historical fiction starring Andrew Garfield.
Yes she did. She also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and Iron Man 2.
Sure. It's a self-help book written by Dale carnegie. Similar books are The magic of Thinking Big and The Happiness Project.
The Magic of Thinking Big and How to Win Friends and Influence People are both popular books that I recommend.
He also wrote How to Win Friends and Influence People.
You're welcome!
Do you like the New York Yankees?
Jack Reacher is starring Tom Cruise, Robert Duvall and David Oyelowo. It's a great mystery thriller.
Jack Reacher is a psychological thriller starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more about Tom Cruise?
Shark Night also stars Kyla Pratt and Dustin Milligan.
No, I haven't heard his music but I know that he is very talented, he is a songwriter too.
Yes, he is a great singer. I love his music. Do you like him?
I don't play any of his songs, but I do know he is from Brazil.
Are you a fan of animated films? If so I would recommend The Incredibles.
Sure, I recommend The Incredibles and Ratatouille. Both are great movies!
You're welcome!
Chris Rock is a great director. Do you like action movies?
Have you seen Girl with the Dragon Tattoo? It's a crime Thriller.
It stars Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Great, I hope you like them both.
Was this book written by Paula McLain?
I have not, but would like to know more about her?
Circling the Sun was released in 2015.
Yes, it was, I'll add it to your list!
I really like when she and Seth Meyers (Late Night with Seth Meyers) went day drinking? Have you seen that clip?
I like Piece by Piece
I am not sure if she has or not. I know she is a singer.
Yes, I like reality television. I also enjoy watching TV shows like We Found Love.
Do you like City of Fallen Angels because it is written by Cassandra Clare?
City of Fallen Angels was written by Cassandra Clare. It is also part of a series.
The Iron Trial, The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass, The Iron Trial, Clockwork Princess and more. Have you read any of these?
No problem! Enjoy.
Yes, he wrote Hotel Rwanada. Have you seen that?
It is an adventure film
starred in The Other Boleyn Girl.
It is a Drama, similar to The Other Boleyn Girl.
Sure! The Other Boleyn Girl is a Drama/Crime film starring William Steig. He also directed The Scarlet Letter.
I am not sure who stars in The Other Boleyn Girl. However, I can tell you that The Other Boleyn Girl is starring William H. Macy.
Absolutely, Franz Kafka wrote The Castle as well as Amerika
The Castle is a fantasy novel released in 2003. It was written in English and is about a novelist.
My data has it listed as a Fantasy, Drama, and Speculative fiction. Is that something you'd like?
You're welcome!
Have you seen Ocean's Eleven? He directed that.
Catch Me If You Can also starred Julia Roberts and Richard D. Zanuck. Would you like more recommendations?
Yes, Paula Hawkins wrote The Kingdom of the Crystal Skull and The Grand Design.
Yes it was, you are right and the movie was directed by Paula Hawkins
No problem
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren. what else can i answer for you today?
The Siren is fantasy novel. I highly recommend it!
If you are into Children's literature, The Siren is a good one. It's considered children's literature.
Sure, The Modern Prometheus is written by Percy Bysshe Shelley and Percy Bysshe Shelley.
Percy Bysshe Shelley wrote The Last Man and The Modern Prometheus. Are you familiar with these genres?
Another great Sci-Fi thriller is The Last Man. Have you seen it?
Love the Day by Percy Bysshe Shelley.
Yes, Paper Towns was written by John Green, is a young adult fiction/ mystery and was released in 2008.
I have. Are you familiar with The Fault in Our Stars?
He is a basketball player. Do you follow the sport?
Yes he was, do you know who acted in this movie?
Yes that's true. do you know what position does he play for?
It was written by James Dashner in The Maze Runner books.
Yes, that is a great one.
I have not, but I will have to check it out. Thanks for all the information.
Of course! X-men is an action movie, and a sci-fi flick, but I get the feeling you're more interested in the superhero factor of it?
James Franco and Scarlett Johansson starred in this film. It's a Sci-Fi. Do you like those genres?
Yes, Volcano stars Tom Cruise and Eddie Marsan. It is a Sci-Fi/Action film.
I have not seen it. is it written by both Craig Pearce and Baz Luhrmann?
Yes, she was in it as well! Do you like her movies?
It also starred Joe morton and Ivana Milicevic.
You're welcome
Cristiano Ronaldo is a football player who had a romantic relationship with Irina Shayk
Not really. I am more of a American Football fan. What about you?
I am a soccer fan. What about you?
Then I do love American football. What is your favorite sport?
I am not a big soccer fan but I do know they are coached by Carlo Ancelotti.
Oh they are good. I hope they win the Superbowl.
Sure he starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wildest Dream.
Sure. Do you like Scarface because it's a thriller?
Have you seen Safe House? It's a very good crime/thriller.
Yes. Rodney Dangerfield also starred in The Prestige. It's a very good movie.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Sure. He wrote Little Miss Sunshine starring Paul Dano.
Yup! Steve Careel is also in it as well. It's a great movie.
It was released in 2007.
You're welcome.
Yes, Jason Derulo is in a relationship with Jordan Sparks and he is a sing/songwriter. Do you lik his music?
I do, I like his music alot. Did you know he was in a relationship with Jordin Sparks?
Yes, I haven't watched her music but I do know she has a lot of years.
Sure, that's a great book! Are you a fan of the author Liane Moriarty?
It was released in 2014. You might also like The Last Anniversary if you like romance stories.
That was a great book. The next one in the series is Speaker for the Dead. Do you like science fiction?
Speakers of the Dead and Other Stories is speculative fiction
I do not have that information. is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy
Sure, do you like Aladdin because it is a sci-fi movie?
James Cameron directed The Princess and the Frog.
Your welcome.
I love her. Her music is very Influential but she is also a talented actress.
Definitely, I will have to see her new movie. Did you know she starred in The Edge of Glory?
She was not in the Muppets too! That was a good movie too, did you know Lady Gaga starred in The Wicker Man?
Coldplay is a band with Chris Martin as the lead vocal. Do you like their music?
I like Yellow too. I think Clint Black is one of my favorites. I like this song from his childhood.
Yes they did. It was also set in Amsterdam.
Sure, I can help! He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen that?
He starred in The House of Mirth which is a romantic comedy.
Yes she is. She also starred in the Animated Film, Surfer Dude.
You are welcome.
Kahil Gilbran wrote The Prophet. It is filled with great poetry. Have you seen it?
Speculative Fiction. what else can i answer for you?
The Prophet was released 2008 what else can i do for you?
you are welcome
I sure do! He's a romantic actor. Do you like romantic comedies?
Sure, he starred in Friends with Benefits and No Strings Attached. Have you heard of them?
I believe he is a pop rock and soul singer. But I am not sure about that.
Yes, he is a great actor! He starred in Taken 2, have you seen it?
The book is a mystery
It was released in 2004
Is there anything else I can help with?
Wolverine is a thriller, so you may like The Life Before Her Eyes and Jack Reacher? Have you heard of those films?
Rise of the Guardians is a Drama
He also wrote Rise of the Guardians, which is a Fantasy.
You are welcome
Red stars actors and actresses Morgan Freeman.
Yes, he stars in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like action movies?
He also starred in The Black Dahlia, which is a drama.
It was written by Roland Emmerich.
Great choice, the movie Shooter was written by Stephen Hunter and starring Tate Donovan.
Shooter is starring Ned Beatty and Hugh Jackman.
Yes he did. They were both in The O.C. series.
I hope you like it!
Did you enjoy it because it was a drama or because it was a crime movie?
To Kill a Mockingbird is a really popular one, it is a drama and crime movie. Have you seen it?
Do you know who stars in the film?
Of course, Maleficent is starring Sam Neill and Emma Stone. Do you like them?
Sure, she also starred in Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Have you seen that one?
Yes! She was in it as well.
Yes I did. Did you know Owen Wilson also starred in it?
Owen Wilson is in a lot of comedy movies. He was in The Rainmaker, It's a Wonderful Life, and Screaming with Jennifer Lawrence.
He's on the Germany national football team I believe.
Yes he plays the Midfielder and he is a midfielder.
He is a Midfielder and forward position. He is the Midfielder.
I know he play soccer for the Real Madrid C.F. from Portugal. You like soccer
It is a soccer player from the Portugal national team.
Yes, he is also the Midfielder.
The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Would you like to hear about other movies with him in it?
Yes, John Travolta wrote Edge of Tomorrow.
A similar movie is The Outsiders, also starring Matt Damon.
Yes, and Emma Stone too. Would you like to know about other movies starring Bill Murray?
I will be glad to help. Enjoy the movie.
That movie stars Zooey Deschanel
I like romantic comedies. I also like thrillers like Zooey Deschanel.
I like murder mystery, but would you like to see one of those movies?
I haven't seen Pacifier yet but I know it is written by John Sherrill
Yes, she wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Creatures.
Sure. She wrote "Outlander" which was also made into a movie. She starred in it as well.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Beautiful Creatures was adapted into a film.
I don't really like them. I think they are the most arrogant team in the MLB, and I don't like them.
He is from New York.
The movie Insider was directed by Spike Jonze. Have you seen it?
I actually don't know who produced it, but I do know that it was written by Stephen King
He also produced Assault on Precinct 13, starring Tom Hanks.
I do not have that information but I can tell you it is a crime fiction.
I'm not sure about it, but I do know that it is starring Tom Hardy and Jess Harnell.
Do you want to know other movies starring Bruce Dernn?
Good Will Hunting is starring Matt Damon, Matt Damon, Matt Damon and many others. Do you like dramas?
Yes, Robin Williams also starred in it as well.
No I have not I have heard of them.
You're welcome!
Yes, I have seen them over the years at Candlestick Park and then the great Levi Stadium.
I like Joe Montana. I am not a huge football fan but I do like the team overall.
Yes, I like the Steelers, they were a runner up in Super Bowl XLVII
Do you like the book because it is a drama?
The Women of Brewster Place was written by Rick Riordan.
Helena Bonham Carter is starring in it.
She also starred in A Bug's Life.
Sounds good. You should check it out.
Sure! Dark Lover is speculative fiction novel written by J.R. Ward. It has a vampire them. Do you like that genre?
That's right, Tyrannosaur Canyon was released in 2005. Do you like it?
That's great. You should check out Wyrd Sisters or Xenocide if you like those.
You might enjoy Snow White and the Huntsman series from that time period. That is a great sci-fi book.
You're welcome.
She starred in Twilight of the Ice Nymphs
The Shinning is a great horror film, it stars Ben Stiller and Emily Blunt.
I would recommend The Walking Dead if you haven't seen it.
Enjoy.
He starred in The Invasion and Downfall.
Christopher Nolan was in that thriller. It was written by Edward Norton.
She has also starred in Silence of the Lambs.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Well I know he's in a romantic relationship with Gabrielle Union. Did you know that she starred in the movie Good Deeds?
She starred in Good Deeds and Bring It On.
Yes, I think she is a talented actress. Did you know she starred in Men in Black 3?
I haven't seen it yet. Is it a crime fiction movie?
The Muppets also had Will Smith and it was a comedy-drama. Do you like Will Smith?
You should check out Alice's Adventures in Wonderland if you like speculative fiction
Sure. Essential Readings for the Non-Believer is an anthology edited by Christopher Hitchens. It was released in 1865.
I believe Thomas Hobbes also wrote The Witch of Blackbird Pond, which is similar to Alice's Adventures.
You are welcome.
The Flying Scotsman starring Billy Boyd is a similar movie.
He starred in Troy, The Good Doctor and The Return of the King
Undisputed is one that comes to mind, have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Yes, She is a writer, poet, author. She wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath. Have you heard of this book?
I love golf, good summer outdoor game. He won a rookie of the year in 2010 great player
I love Adam Sandler in those movies! But I like Caddyshack but I haven't seen it yet.
He was good in that movie. Did you know he also wrote and directed the film?
Eric Bress is very well known for The Butterfly Effect starring William Lee Scott.
I believe it is a drama, if you enjoyed the movie The Butterfly Effect would be a good one.
Enjoy!
Sure, do you like it because it is written by Tim Burton?
The Pelican Brief was released in 1993 and is a drama/crime. Would you like to see it?
No, I haven't seen Crime Dramas. Can you tell me the story?
Sure, do you like Juno because it is a romance film?
You might enjoy The Truth About Forever, or Wicked Lovely.
Yes, it is a comedy and also a comedy.
Patricia Clarkson stars in Silver Linings Playbook, she's a great actress.
Bradley Cooper was in The Words, which is a Comedy drama.
Yes, he was in The Hangover movies.
The Light Between Oceans is one book.
Yes it was released in 2012 and is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Sure, you should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee.
I will add that to your watch list.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to read another one of her b
Lullaby was written by Edward G. Seiden.
I don't have any information on any other books he wrote. However, I can tell you that he also wrote Freakonomics, a children's literature.
Great choice, the movie Shooter was written by Stephen Hunter and starring Tate Donovan.
Well, if you liked it, you might also enjoy The Incredibles. Have you seen that one?
He was in The Dark Knight, which is a really good film. But, did you know that he also starred in I, Robot?
While You Were Sleeping has a genre of Historical period drama, have you seen this one?
Rocky is a Sylvester Stallone. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You might like The Tempest, The House of Mirth, and Lolita. Have you seen them?
It's a martial arts film and it was released in 2006.
You're welcome!
Yes, At the Water's Edge is similar to Water for Elephants.
Then you might like Pretty Little Liars. It's a very good one.
I don't have that information.
You're welcome
I did not know he was a basketball player. I think he was in Los Angeles
My favorite player is Adrian Peterson. Do you know if he won any awards?
I agree. I wonder who is your favorite player?
Oh wow, I didn't know that. Isn't he a legend in the sport?
Sure! It's a mystery, written by Mark Haddon, and was released in 2003.
It's a mystery, written by Mark Haddon. He also wrote The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time by Mark Haddon.
The Godfather is written by Francis Ford Coppola, who also produced The Apocalypse Now
Yes, it is a very good movie.
Apocalypse Now is a great movie. Apocalypse Now is a classic.
Apocalypse Now is a great movie. Apocalypse Now is a classic.
She's a bit poppy for me. Wasn't she in Wildcats?
Of course. Other movies in that genre include The Running Man and No Strings Attached.
Excellent. I will add that to your list.
He's mainly a drama but also starred in True Grit and The Ugly Truth
You are welcome.
Sure, Meg Cabot wrote The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban.
Underworld: Evolution is the genre sci-fi.
I don't know any others. She wrote Underworld: Evolution and Twilight.
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
If you like thrillers, you might like Animal Kingdom. It's a Crime Fiction Film.
Robert De Niro and David Morse starred in War. Would you like to know more about them?
I'm not sure when it came out. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Have you seen the Winnie the Pooh animated film
Yes, Craig Ferguson starred in Brave, How to Train Your Dragon and How to Train Your Dragon 2
It was released in 1974.
No but I heard Simona Halep plays tennis.
Actually I don't know much about tennis but I do know she competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Wow that's interesting to know. I didn't know she was in the London Olympics.
Yes, I have seen them over the years at Candlestick Park and then the great Levi Stadium.
Oh, I liked Tuesday Night Football. It was a very funny movie. Do you like comedies?
I believe it is a book. Someone told me it was a book but I don't know if the title is a book.
127 hours is a Thriller directed by Danny Boyle who also directed Sunshine.
A couple of his movies are You, Me and Dupree and You've Got Mail.
James Franco is in a romance/comedy film. Another good one is Wonderland.
Yes it was written by Robert Zemeckis and Jennifer Ehle. It is a Romance film.
It's a drama
Your welcome!
I know that he is Athlete in the team Royal Challengers Bangalore
Actually, I prefer American football
I heard Tom Brady plays for the Royal Challengers Bangalore
Sure, it is written by C.S. Lewis and is part of a series. Have you read the series?
Have you read The Voyage of the Dawn Treader or The Silver Chair?
It's considered a fantasy.
I hope you enjoy it.
Sure! J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Where The Wild Things Are. Both are very good books.
Yes, Peter Pan is a Children's literature book. Another good one is The Sum of All Fears
Yes, I can recommend The Golden Compass and The Panic in Needle Park.
It is a young-adult fiction book.
Sure. The Sea Wolf is a young-adult fiction novel with the genre of children's literature.
The book was written by Maleficent and was released in 1904
He wrote Paccka3bl N TLobectN.and Eecbl.
William Petty and William Burroughs also wrote Eecbl.
It's in the genre of Science Fiction and Psychological Thriller.
The Cabin in the Woods is written by Drew Goddard, would you like to know more about it?
I do not have that information but I can tell you it was written by Hugh Jackman.
Yes it is a romance and comedy. Do you like Ty Olsson?
As well as being a writer, I am sure you will like it!
Is it the Sci-Fi drama that you like or the Adventure?
Did you like the sci-fi film X-Men: First Class?
Yes he wrote and directed The Lost World: Jurassic Park
Yeah he has a lot in it, I'm afraid I'm not seeing any Sci-Fi movies
That's a great movie. It was directed by Ben Affleck and was released in 2006
I recommend aving Mr. Banks.
I would recommend checking out Blind Side. It is a very good Biographical film.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information for that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Venus Williams is an American professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 40 in the WTA singles rankings.
Not really but I do know that Venus is ranked world No. 1 in singles by the WTA on separate occasions
Serena has a double name as well, but only Venus is still playing.
Sure, it is a great movie. It is starring Ryan Reynolds and Chris O'Donnell. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
I haven't seen either of those. I know he directed The Proposal but I do like Scarlett Johansson. That is a great movie.
Yes, she is in it, along with Tom Cruise. I like him too.
Do you like Hugh Jackman? He is in this movie.
Sure. It was directed by Rick Riordan. Are you interested in this genre?
Nicholas Cage is the star of it.
It came out in 2013.
Yes, I have seen Superman Returns. Are you a fan?
It is a Comedy/drama. Do you like comedies?
yes he did. You've Got Mail is a great movie.
Yes, he is in that film too.
I'll add that to your watch list.
your welcome
It is a thriller written by Dan Brown. Do you like this author or you like thrillers?
you have The Truth About Forever, The Time Traveler's Wife and Last Action Hero. what else can i answer for you?
Red Storm Rising has genre Thriller. what else can i do for you?
The one released in 2005?
Yes, it is also a movie starring Brad Pitt. Enjoy!
The Wide Window is starring Matt Damon and Julia Roberts.
ok. Enjoy your day.
Yes, that's correct.
You're welcome
Great, have a good day!
I haven't read Outlander, is it like a science fiction or speculative fiction?
Besides the Outlander, she wrote The Scottish Prisoner and The Fiery Cross. Have you read any of these?
I'm not sure if she has any other books but she did write Outlander 2: The Fiery Cross. It is a science fiction book.
No I don't have that information but I can find it for you.
I have heard he is a great football player, do you know who he is?
Not really. I don't follow soccer much. Do you know who he is?
Yes they were. Did you know Hayden Panettiere starred in The Expendables 2?
Roland Emmerich directed The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Are you into Action/Adventure Films.
That would be a sci-fi film. Do you like sci-fi?
I don't have any information on anything else he's starred in, but Roland Emmerich also directed Independence Day.
Wyatt Earp was directed by Jim Butcher.
I loved her in Who's That Girl and Swept away, more than her songs. What about you?
Papa Don't Preach is a favorite of mine. My favorite is probably Harry Potter. Do you like Harry Potter?
I like Red Dragon and Swept Away. Both of those are my favorites.
They're a good NFL AFC East, team, but I'm from the Midwest, so I like the Packers.
I haven't been following them since they're in the AFC East. Are they your favorite team?
I do know that their former quarterback Mark Sanchez is with the New York Jets.
He wrote Snatch and , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels.
Sure, it is a thriller and was produced by Louis Sachar. Do you like thrillers?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
I do, will do.
It s a south korean boy band. do you like them?
I am very familiar with them. I haven't read any of their music. Are they good?
Oh great, I think I'll listen to that kind of song. It sounds very interesting, I really like it.
Stefan Kapicic Starred in Deadpool a comedy and also starred Ryan Reynolds. Do you like his work?
Yes, he did. It's a good comic book.
He's friends with Snoop Dogg. They are both rappers. Have you heard of him?
I think they are both friends with Snoop Dogg. They were both in The Wash and Pauly Shore Is Dead.
Yes, he did! It's a movie, starring Kevin Costner. He also starred in The Wash and Pauly Shore Is Dead.
You're welcome!
She starred in Twilight of the Ice Nymphs
Time Bandits was released in 2002 and is a drama/fantasy film. Do you like those types of movies?
It's a cute movie. It was released in 2002 and is a drama/fantasy film. Do you like those types of movies?
I don't have any more information on her. However, she was in Star Trek: Darkness. Did you know she also starred in The Mask?
Donna Tartt wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read them before?
It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
She wrote The Little Friend and The Goldfinch.
It's a drama. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Michael Bay is known for action movies and lots of cinematic explosions. You might enjoy Transformers.
I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that he directed a popular movie called Man of Steel. Have you seen it?
Yes, that's correct. Dwayne Johnson also starred in the hit movie What's Up, which is a psychological thriller.
Another one with Dwayne Johnson is You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger.
Yes, he is an Indian crickter, is the vice-captain of the India national team in limited-overs formats.
I don't really follow cricket, I don't know much about it either. I prefer American football, do you like cricket?
Yes. I do like American football. What's your favorite team?
I hope the Eagles win again that's another team that I like. What do you think?
She starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wild Life.
I believe so. She was also in The Post which is a comedy. Have you seen it?
Those are some of her great comedy movies. Lea Thompson starred in The Wild Life. Have you seen this movie? It is a great movie.
I have not seen that, but I hope you enjoy it!
Audrey Niffenegger wrote The Time Traveler's Wife. It is a romantic novel. Are you into romance?
It is a Thriller
Stanlee was written by Edgar Allan Poe
Sure! Jorja Fox starred in both "Memento" and "Skin Trade."
It is written by Robert Rodriguez and also stars Thomas Lennon.
He wrote the Dark Knight Rises a very popular movie
Certainly. Have a great day.
I do not really my most hated team. But I do know that they just fired their head coach Mike McCarthy tonight because he did not make the playoffs do you like them?
I prefer the New England Patriots but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys.
I believe they were the runner ups in Super Bowl XLVII. It's been a long time since I watched the Super Bowl.
I don't think so. I'm more of a Cowboys fan myself.
Yes, he has written some good books, would you like to know a few of them?
I haven't read any of his work but I do know Victor Hugo wrote that! Do you have a favorite genre?
There is one similar to The Hunchback of Notre Dame written by Victor Hugo and others. Would you like to know more?
I am a HUGE Deadpool fan. Check out Star Trek: First Contact and X-Men. They are good.
I'm not sure if it's funny but it's directed by Douglas Adams. Do you like his work?
Deadpool is based on a Marvel comic of the same name. It's starring Ryan Reynolds, Stefan Kapicic and Ed Skrein.
Sure, no problem!
Absolutely! You are very welcome. Have a great day!
I think he is a good football player.
Soccer is my favorite but I follow American Football more. What about you?
Wow, I'm a fan of soccer. Do you?
Yes she is, she starred in Princess Protection Program and Spring Breakers
Yes I do. It's one of my favorite movies. Did you know he was in Zoolander?
I haven't seen it but I'll check it out. Enjoy!
It is a great film that was released in 2012. If you like comedy films, this is the movie You've Got Mail.
John C. O'Brien is great! He also starred in Shrek the Third, and Monsters vs. Aliens.
I actually don't know when it was released, but Will Ferrell also wrote Zoolander.
Sure! The Tragedy of Macbeth was written by William Shakespeare and released in 1606. That is also the same year as the release of The Tragedie of Anthony and Cleopatra.
It was written by William Shakespeare.
It's genre is fantasy. Do you like that genre?
He wrote Romeo and Juliet and A Midsummer Night's Dream.
Sure, Tom Hooper directed The Damned Unite and The King's Speech
Kings Speech was rated PG and PG-13. The King's Speech was rated PG. do you like his work?
The King's Speech was released in 2012.
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
I think he was a defensive back too. I'm more of a Pittsburgh Steelers fan though.
I didn't know that! I've heard they were runner ups in Super Bowl XLVIII.
Yes, it stars Nicolas Cage and John Travolta. Are you a fan of either?
I like her as a singer. Did you know she was a designer as well?
Taylor Kitsch also starred in it. Do you like war films?
I highly recommend it. It is a great movie, you should also watch it.
Yes, he is a singer-songwriter. Do you like him?
He mostly does Pop rock and Indie rock. Do you like that genre?
Great, I agree with you.
No, I haven't but it seems to be a Johnny Depp film and probably it should be a good one. Do you prefer films starring Johnny Depp?
Yes he was, did you know he also wrote The Rum Diary?
I have not seen that movie, but he was also in The Rum Diary with Amber Heard.
I haven't seen Ride Along 2 yet. Hope you enjoy it.
Are you looking for other books by J.K. Rowling?
He also wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard. Have you read that?
Juraissic is an animated movie. Do you like Thrillers?
The Inferno is a science fiction movie, have you seen it?
Yes, she was, along with X-Men Origins: Wolverine
Some of the actors were in X-Men Origins include Anna Kendrick and Robert Duvall
Some other adventure movies are; Wolverine and the X-Men
Not that I know of but he did star in The Wolverine
I would recommend Wizard and Glass and The Sandman: Endless Nights. My favorite is The Graveyard Book.
Yes, it was. It's a speculative fiction novel.
Yes, that is true. He also wrote The Green Mile if you haven't read that one.
You're welcome!
Yes. And that was written by Winston Groom
That's my home team however I think the Bucs are not a very good team so I don;t follow them. Only what I hear on the news.
My favorite player is Adrian Peterson
he played a forward
They are not doing too well
I'm not a huge fan of hers. I like Let Me In. Do you like her?
I have never seen her music I know she is a good actress. Did you know she is also a model?
I didn't know that. I think Skarsgard is a good actor. I wonder if they are friends?
I do, and he starred in Desperado. Are you a fan of his?
Yes he was in Desperado. do you like his music?
my apologies. I don't have that information. what else can i do for you?
Sure! Do you have a genre preference?
Certainly. It's a coming of age story about a mysterious assassin working for a group of rebels. It sounds like a very good read. If you like Jane Eyre you should read it.
If you liked that one, you should also try The Professor. I highly recommend it.
Robin Buss wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo released in 1844.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a popular one by Robin Buss
Ernest Hemingway wrote that one as well.
Station Eleven was written by Emily St. John Mandel in 2014. I do know that it was released the same year as Wicked.
She also wrote Last Night in Paris, have you read that one?
It's a psychological thriller and was released in 2009.
You are welcome.
Are we talking of the writer, Rick Yancey?
I do, I like them too. Are you interested in any of his books?
Yes, it is. Do you like him as an author?
Robert Jackson wrote it as a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Robert Jackson just made it easier to read.
It was released in 1932
The Notebook was based on the Romance novel of the same name written by Nicholas Sparks. Are you interested in more of his work?
If you like historical movies, I would suggest Beautiful Creatures. Have you seen them?
At the Water's Edge is one of the actors in the movie.
Of course, enjoy
I do! It is an historical fiction novel written by Jamie Ford.
You are correct. Songs of Willow Frost was released in 2013.
It looks like it is somewhere in the United States of America.
That's right. Did you know he also wrote a book called The Firm?
Sure! If you like Batman Begins, you must like Adventure films?
Have you seen The Civil War? It's a great movie starring Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
There is also the movie The Civil War, starring Morgan Freeman.
By Josh Grisham?
You might also like Xenocide or Wyrd Sisters. They are the same genre.
Sure. I'll add The Crow Road to your reading list and it's a short story.
Margaret R. Higonnet wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles , which is a great piece of literature. Are you looking for titles by this author?.
Tim Dolin also wrote Thomas Hardy
He also wrote the Picture of Dorian Gray and The Handmaid's Tale
Robert Wrote the Silkworm it had me on my toes great book
She also wrote The Silkworm and The Cuckoo's Calling
You are welcome!
Are you looking for other books by J.K. Rowling, or do you just prefer the fantasy genre of the book?
Science Fiction Genre
There is The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor
The genre is adventure fiction
Your welcome
The Ambassador's Mission is similar. Have you heard of it?
Yes, it was also written by Simmons.
Sure, Dan Simmons also wrote Franny and Zooey
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in Tombstone and The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you seen them?
I'm not sure, but it's a comedy too. Have you seen him in Ghostbusters?
I didn't know that. I think he also starred in State of the Union. Have you seen that one?
Alright, I will add that to your watch list.
Great, I think you will enjoy it!
I agree. Didn't he play for the Oakland Raiders?
Since he is a Point Guard, I'm not a huge fan of the sport.
He is a point guard. I like basketball movies too.
Nine Stories is similar to The Catcher in the Rye.
The House of the Seven Gables is an excellent book. Have you heard of it?
I don't really know much about them except they're a K-pop boy band. Do you like them?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I do like Pink. Is there anything else I can help you with?
It is a great book, it was written by Ann Brashares and released in 2001.
It was released in 2002, the same year The Poisonwood Bible came out.
I would recommend it if you liked it.
Is it the genre that you like?
Enjoy!
Looper is a Sci-Fi movie starring Bruce Willis. Do you like his work?
That is a Thriller. anything else i can do for you?
have a good day
Sure, A Beautiful Mind is a Thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure, he directed The Missing. It is a great comedy.
You are welcome, goodbye.
That book is written by Tony Goldwyn and Erik Larson
He also starred in Someone Like You and also directed it.
Someone Like You is a comedy drama
Absolutely!
It is a great book. It was written by J.D. Salinger.
Raise High the Roof Beam and Nine Stories are also written by him.
He also wrote Franny and Zooey
I don't know much about football but I do know he is a forward
It was released in 1987. Do you like dramas?
I am not sure about that but I can tell you it also starred William Hurt and Morgan Freeman.
I think you would like The House of Mirth, Confessions of Charlotte Doyle. Have you seen it?
Sure, Fiona Stafford wrote Emma. Emma is a romance novel.
Philippa Gregory wrote Wideacre. Do you like historical fiction?
It is a Historical fiction and was released in 1987.
Yes, they are both historical fiction.
you're welcome!
Sure, Arsenal is a sports team. It is a European Football team based in England.
They are a football team in the NFC south. Drew Brees is their quarterback.
I'm a huge Packer fan. Do you have a favorite team?
Wally Lamb is an American novelist, critic, public speaker, essayist, and columnist. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure about that author, but I know This Much Is True is considered a fiction novel.
I haven't read that one yet, but I will check it out soon.
I hope you enjoy it
The are a football team in the AFC East. Jimmy Buffett is part owner. Do you like the Dolphins?
Not really, but I'm a Packers fan. My favorite team is the Redskins.
I like the New England Patriots. They are the best in my opinion.
Sure, do you like Spike Jonze?
The movie starred many well-known actors, including Chris Pratt, Ty Simpkins and Bryce Dallas Howard.
I am not sure of the exact year but I know it was written by Peter Buchman and released in 1990.
You're welcome!
I do agree. She has a nice voice. She's very talented. She's a very good singer.
Yes, Victorious was a great Sitcom. She also starred in I Spy, which is a comedy.
Yes, Victoria Justice also starred in Scarlett Johansson and Bill Murray.
Very funny. You should check it out.
I am not familiar with Downfall. I know it was written by several people including Taudl Junge.
They used to be a war film
You're very welcome!
It is a fiction novel, do you like fiction?
Sure, one of my favorites is Xenocide and Wyrd Sisters.
If you like that, you'll enjoy Wolf Brother!
Glad I could help!
Big Hero 6 is a family drama and family film. It is produced by Ivan Reitman.
Yes, Wreck-It-Ralph is also a sci-fi movie.
Yes! That is correct. It also starred Selena Gomez, Rita Wilson, and Anne Hathaway.
Correct! Mindy Kaling was also in the animation film Wreck It Ralph
No problem! Enjoy!
The are a football team in the AFC East. Jimmy Buffett is part owner. Do you like them?
They are very good. Who is your favorite player on the Cowboys?
Tony Romo is also a director. Did you know he was a member of the National Football League?
I do not have info about the person you mentioned. How about some info on Tom Clancy
Owen Wilson is in the film film known as Owen Wilson. It was released in 1984.
Did you know that Olivia Wilde starred in that movie?
Justin Rose is a professional Golfer from London.
I don't have any information on that. I do know he's from England.
I am not a big golf fan but I do know he's from Washington DC.
I know she wrote The Lighthouse and The Waves.
Yes, she wrote The Waves. Are you familiar with that book?
I'm not sure of the release date. It was released in 1927.
Sure! I hope you enjoy.
He is an American professional basketball player for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association. Are you interested in Basketball?
I believe he is on the Miami Heat. Do you like basketball?
Absolutely, I like the Denver Nuggets
Shelly Duvall starred in Time Bandits, a romance film. Do you like those genres?
Time Bandits would be considered a comedy and action film. Do you like those types of films?
You're very welcome.
Certainly. Michael Mann directed Public Enemies starring Marion Cotillard.
He also directed The Manchurian Candidate, which is a thriller.
It is a Tom Cruise action movie.
Me too, Frances Mayes is a great writer. Would you like to read some of her works?
She also wrote Bella Tuscany which was released in 1999.
Hope you enjoy it!
I do, she's talented. What's your favorite song of hers?
Did you know she is also a singer?
Oh yea she is in Valentine's day too. She has an amazing cast. Did you know she plays the harmonica in it?
I don't know much about them. Who are they coached by?
I like Roethlisberger. He is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like football?
She has written Shadowland and Night Star. Have you read these?
Shadowland is part of a series. She's written a number of Fantasy books. Would you like to know more?
You're welcome. Sue Grafton is also in the fantasy genre.
You're welcome
I think he is one of the best players on the Colombia national football team.
Do you know of any football teams?
Yes I do like Radamel Falcao, he is a Midfielder and Forward.
Yes, it is an amazing movie. It is a teen movie and drama. Do you like it because it is a drama movie?
It's a fiction. Do you like that genre?
There's Bram Stoker's Dracula, written by Tom Hanks
Uglies is a good one. You should check it out.
You're welcome.
He is an American novelist, critic, public speaker, essayist, and columnist. He writes in several genres but is known best for science fiction. Have you read any of his books?
Yes, she did write both of those books. Did you know she also starred in the movie Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them?
Yes, it was made into a movie. It is a science fiction piece.
Yes Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
I do not have that information, but Milan Kundera was influenced by William Shakespeare.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Bourne Identity : Sequel: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum wrote The Scarlatti Inheritance. anything else i can do for you?
The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum wrote The Scarlatti Inheritance. anything else i can do for you?
They are both great actors starring Matt Damon and Josh Hamilton. Do you like them?
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit one of my favorite books. If you haven't read it I'd highly recommend it.
She wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption.
She wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Black Elk Speaks.
James Mangold directed Walk The Line, a biography. He also directed Girl Interrupted, and Kate & Leopold. Do any of them sound interesting to you?
Yes, she was, along with Johnny Cash. The movie was released in 2005. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but I know it won the Tony Award for Best Original Score!
She also has some good Romance films as well. Two of my favorites are Walk the Line and Did you know Joaquin Phoenix was also in Magic Mike, or Monsters, Inc.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like more books from him?
To Kill a Mockingbird is a fiction book written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Does this interest you?
Well it's a fiction book, I think you will like it.
Sure! Jason Cope starred in District 9 and Dredd. Want to know more?
It's a Thriller
Yes, he does
Jennifer Lawrence is the main star
Yes, he directed Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. Great movie!
The Return of a Man Called Horse is a 1987 American fantasy drama film directed by Irwin Kreshner, do you enjoy that genre?
Anything else I can do for you?
He starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys.
Peter Mensah and Eva Green are in that movie. Would you like to know more about either of them?
The Other Guys was released in 2010 and also stars Tom Hanks
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure. Morgan Freeman starred in The Civil War and Levity, have you seen them?
That's right. Ned Bellamy directed The Green Mile which was directed by Frank Darabont who also directed The Green Mile.
Yes he is. He was also in The Green Mile if you like thriller movies.
You're very welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Blood Diamond is a 1998 American crime drama film
Do you like the New York Yankees?
Yeah, he's good. He was also in The Aviator and The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you seen either of those?
I haven't seen that one, but I hope it's a great movie!
I agree! James Cameron also starred in True Lies as well.
You're welcome.
Yes, 50/50 is a Romance movie. A similar movie to 50/50 is the movie Shopgirl. Would you like another recommendation?
I would recommend James Franco and Toby McGuire. Have you heard of either of them?
Sure, Vanessa Fertio starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and Gone with the Wind.
You're welcome.
Yes. They are in the NBA and owned by Jay-Z.
They are. They are in the NFC South division. Are you a basketball fan?
I haven't seen it but I do know Stephen Dorff also starred in Zombieland too.
Yes, I do. She is a very talented author. Have you read The Little House Collection?
The Long Winter is a novel by Laura Ingalls Wilder and was released in 1953.
If you like historical fiction, you'll like Wilder Napalm or The Other Boleyn Girl.
Sure thing. I'm sure you'll enjoy these books.
He wrote Thunderstruck
I haven't read that one yet, but I will check it out
If you like that, you might enjoy The Crucible by Erik Larson.
It also stars Matthew McConaughey.
That is written by Dave Pelzer. Do you like his work?
It is a mystery/romance novel
Brad Garrett starred in Underdog ,The Pacifier,The Country Bears and The Clockwork Girl among other movies
Jim Belushi also starred in Who's the Boss? and Did you know he also starred in The Mask?
The Pacifier was released in 2003!
No problem, I am happy to help. Enjoy!
It's a comedy starring Meryl Streep and Emily Blunt.
David McRaney and Anne Hathaway
The Dark Knight is a romance film, have you seen that one?
The movie was directed by Camille Delmarre
It was released in 2011
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Sure, Jenniferlopez starred in a lot of movies. One of them is The Color Purple which is a romantic comedy. Do you like comedy?
James Rodriguez is a Colombian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich and is the captain of the Colombia national team. He is currently playing for FC Bayern Munich and the Colombia national team.
Yes they are. He plays midfielder.
I believe he was a midfielder as well.
John Leguizamo the actor is also from Columbia born in Bogota.
Will Smith of course! That one is a good movie.
Great movie starring Yeardley Smith and produced by James Brooks who also produced Riding in Cars with Boys.
That one stars Danny DeVito and Jack Nicholson and is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
It was released in 1999 as Good as It Gets
Wonderful, enjoy
That the team is owned by Wayne Weaver. Does that ring a bell?
I'm not sure who owns the team. I know Tyron Brackenridge is the owner of the National Football League.
Yes, I like football. What about yours?
She plays badminton and I loved watching her in the Olympics. Are you a fan of badminton?
She was actually in the 2012 Summer Olympics. That was a great place to visit. Have you been there?
I like tennis and Lupe Ontiveros.
He was born in London. He was actually born in Hisar.
You're welcome.
Sure, he wrote Two By Two, True Believer and Three Weeks with my Brother.
It was released in 2016 and is in English.
He also wrote The Notebook, The Notebook.
Yes he was, it is a Film producer and a director.
He is a famous author and a musician as well.
You are most welcome.
Pulp Fiction was written and directed by Quentin Tarantino.
There is! It's based on the book. It's based on the book of Quentin Tarantino.
Yes she is. She was in it as well.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sin City was directed by Robert Rodriguez. He also directed El Mariachi and Grindhouse. Have you seen any of those?
Sin City is a crime fiction film, have you seen it?
Gentlemen Broncos starred with Robert Rodriguez in it, who is a very good actor.
No problem!
Yes, it was written by Khaled Hosseini and David Benhioff.
Yes, it was, have you seen it?
The Kite Runner is a romance/drama film. Have you heard of it?
Of course, enjoy!
Christina Lamb was influenced by George Orwell. Do you like fiction?
He did. That's a good one. It's considered a science fiction novel.
I'm not sure about that. Do you like theaters?
Sure! J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Where The Wild Things Are. Have you read those?
I'm not sure but the genre is fiction.
I believe it is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like to know more about the book?
It was released in 1925.
You might like Fantastic Mr. Fox or The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. They are both dramas.
I'm not sure who wrote it but I highly recommend it.
It was released in 1925. Would you like to know more?
Who doesn't love The Fighter, it stars Micky Ward, Mark Wahlberg and Melissa McMeekin. You might enjoy it.
Jane Eyre is a fiction work written by Michael Mason. Do you like Romance novels?
Charlotte Bront wrote Villette and The Professor. Are you familiar with either?
Villette is a Speculative Fiction. Like Zoe's Tale and Xenocide.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her books?
Sarah Dessen also wrote What Happened to Goodbye and The Truth About Forever.
This Lullabye is a children's literature.
Yes, he wrote The Amazing Spider Man and The Amazing Spider Man 2.
Yes, Steve Kloves also wrote The Amazing Spider-Man.
This movie stars Steve Kloves, Jesse Eisenberg, and Daniel Radcliffe to name a few.
Any time! I hope you enjoy it!
I think he is a great songwriter.
South Africa is a great sport, and a great team.
not really. I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
Baz Luhrmann directed The Great Gatsby and Moulin Rouge.
It starred Leonardo DiCaprio, Tobey Maguire, and Carey Mulligan.
Glad I could help
You are welcome
Yes it is a great movie. Did you know it was written by Meg Cabot?
I also like The Little Mermaid. It is a little different than the Princess Diaries.
The Princess and the Frog is such a touching movie. I haven't seen it yet.
Yes, the movie is dark and sad. I like that movie too.
Yes, The Call of the Wild is written by Jack London. It's a beautiful novel. Have you read it?
White Fang is also a fiction book.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on where it was released.
Beautiful Disaster is a novel written by Jamie McGuire and released in 2011. It has very good reviews and is considered a favorite for some.
I will have to check it out. Did you know that was also a film adaptation?
I think you'll enjoy it. If you like Beautiful Sacrifice, I think you'll enjoy it.
No problem, enjoy.
Have a great day.
I believe she starred in X-Men: First Class. She also acted in Winter's Bone
Yes, Robert De Niro starred in it
Sure, it is a comedy and is produced by Jon Krakauer
Your welcome
They're doing okay in the NFC West. Third in rank I think. Not really a fan.
My team is the Bears. They are in the NFC West, who are in the NFC West.
Yes they are definitely a contender in the NFC West.
Beloved was written by Toni Morrison. The Bluest Eye is also on of Morrisons books you may enjoy.
You might also like The City of Ember, which is also historical fiction.
That movie stars Natalie Portman and Hugh Jackman.
I love her music! Did you know she is also a model?
Yes, Liam Hensworth is a good singer. I don't believe she is an actor too.
Do you like that movie too? Nicolas Sparks is a great actor.
It was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Sparks in particular, or do you want to read a similar romance novel?
I recommend many movies by Nicholas Sparks. They are mostly Thrillers.
The Notebook was made into a movie. I've seen the movie yet. It's always a good book.
You are welcome.
Sure. Jean-Marc Vallée starred in The Young Lion, The Witch, and The Wardrobe. Do you like thrillers?
Well, from what I can tell, it's a drama, he also starred in Wild at Heart.
Yes, it's about a Queen.
It's starring Richard E. Grant and Oliver Platt.
Okay, I'll have to check that out
Sure, have you see Wildwood Dancing or The Mask?
Sure, will do.
Sure, do you like Vin Diesel?
I'm not sure but they were directed by Gary Scott Thompson
Fast and the Furious is starring Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, and Fast and Furious
You're welcome
I could recommend a similar movie, World War Z: An Oral History of the Zombie Wars, starring Brad Pitt.
World War Z was directed by Max Brooks, who also wrote The Fast and the Furious.
I have not watched that movie. But I heard it was good. I am a fan of its creator, Frank Miller. Have you seen it?
He also starred in the movie X-Men 2. Are you familiar with that?
I can't seem to find any other movies he was in but I can list out the ones he was in too.
What is your favorite genre?
Kurt Vonnegut Jr. is the author of Cat's Cradle.
I'm sorry, I don't have any more recommendations for that genre.
Yes. It's an autobiography released in 1968.
You're welcome!
Kyrie Living is an athlete
I didn't know that. I only know a little about him. He's a great player.
I didn't know that!
Yes I do he's a great singer. Do you like his music?
I do not have any information on any of his songs. Are you familiar with their work?
Yes that is true, do you like his song Love Actually?
They're okay, I'm more a fan of their former coach, Derek Fisher. Do you like them?
I didn't know that. Are you a fan of The Madison Square Garden?
Haha, I see. I do not follow sports teams. Are they any good?
Yes, he wrote American Pie and The Golden Compass. Have you seen either one of these?
It also starred Chris Weitz. He also starred in Funny Games.
Yes, it is. Would you like to know more about Warren Zie?
The Last Stand is a good one. Also written by Jefferey Nachmanoff.
I haven't seen it. I don't know if he was in that film.
Oh yes, he's a good actor. He was in The Day After Tomorrow. I don't remember if he is in that movie.
Oh, then I know he's starred in a lot of movies. A couple of my favorites are Zodiac and The Good Girl.
They are a really good basketball team, coached by Steve Kerr. Are you a fan?
Oh wow! That's a good one. I'm not a huge fan of basketball but I do enjoy watching the NBA finals.
I didn't know Philidel is owned by a family man.
Oh, I didn't know that! That's interesting to know. I'm a fan of Jared Leto.
Madame Bovary is written by Gustave Flaubert. It's a romance novel.
Yes, it was released in 1856, which is the same year The Scarlatti Inheritance was released.
Well, you might like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy. I think you'd like it.
My pleasure, let me know if you need more recommendations.
Ara Celi has starred in American Beauty. Have you seen this movie?
It also was written by Alan Ball and also stars Sylvester Stallone.
Kevin Spacey wrote Beyond the Sea, have you seen it?
Yeah he is. She lost to Serena Williams and Roger Federer. Do you like sports?
Isn't she a tennis player?
Good Deeds is probably one of her best romantic comedies.
Yes he directed The Storm and Thelma & Louise
Sorry, i dont have information about that
Sure, All The Money in the World was released in 1995 and directed by Ridley Scott.
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is a popular one he was in.
Sure, have a good day
I am not sure if Shakira has a new album but she did write Snoop Dogg. Have you heard it?
Cameron Diaz and Yvonne Zima both star in that movie.
I believe she also won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Choreography.
I love James and the Giant Peach. Did you see it?
I do not have that information but if you like Coraline you might also like Howl's Moving Castle. Have you seen it?
The Witch of Blackbird Pond is another good one. It is also a fantasy.
Wicked City is a Science Fiction animated film written and directed by Ron Howard. It is a slasher movie.
Sure. Margaret Atwood has written many different books. Her most recent work is MaddAddam but she's also worked on a Graphic Novel by the name of Angel Catbird. What were you looking for?
Oh yes, he wrote Where the Red Fern Grows. Have you read it?
He also wrote Year One, have you read it?
It was released in 2005, have you read it?
Your welcome
Absolutely, enjoy
Sure! Do you like The Notebook because it's romance?
Yes, he also wrote What's Eating Gilbert Grape and The Best Man.
Sure, you might enjoy The Notebook. It's a romance novel as well.
I'm glad to help!
Sure. He wrote Moby Dick which was released in 1851. Have you read it?
That's right. It was co-written by Tom Quirk.
Glad to help
He's a great children's author. Some of his classics are Are You My Mother and Go, Dog, Go.
Yes, it is a children's literature, and children's literaturee is considered children's literature.
Yes he did and it was released in 1961. Did you know that Dr. Suess also wrote Go, Dog, Go?
Sure. He starred in Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow. Have you seen those?
Surviving Picasso is a drama film
Sure, some other actors starred in Surviving Picasso include Michael Fassbender, Gwyneth Paltrow, Michael Fassbender
I sure can. He wrote The Last Don, a suspense fiction book. I highly recommend it.
Yes, it is. It was made into a movie starring Al Pacino.
Sure thing! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Danny Boyle wrote 127 Hours and directed Trance, Trainspotting, The Beach and Sunshine. Do you like his movies?
Trance, Trainspotting is a great movie starring James Franco.
Probably it's a drama with a bit of drama.
Brad Pitt starred in all kinds of movies. He also starred in Troy (Epic Film) Did you know it also starred in Julian Glover and is a history film?
There is no information about that
Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales are similar
Rosario Dawson was in that movie
sorry not sure
Captain America and Avengers are similar ones. Do you like such Action Fantasy movies?
He starred in Warriors, The Perfect Score, and Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen.
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy them!
I do like soccer. Did you know she won the 2012 PGA Championship?
Sure, Oldboy is a Thriller. Another example would be: Heist and Die Another Day
He wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke. Do you like his work?
Robin Jarvis wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke.
Have a great day
Yes I can. He is the writer of Die Verwandlung.
Die Verwandlung is a fiction genre. Do you like fiction genre?
I haven't seen it but I do know that Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is a Romance film. Do you like Romance films?
I think he is a great actor. Have you seen Take Chance?
Yes, Linus Roache is in it as well.
Yeah, I think Dougray Scott also starred in it as well.
Glad I could help
Yes, it was written by Ian Fleming and Ian Fleming great writers.
Simón Andreu is the main star.
It was released in 2005.
Yes, it was a television series.
your welcome
Cloud Atlas, starring Tom Hanks, is a Sci-Fi/Action movie. Do you like those genres?
Aeon Flux is a great Sci-Fi film. Tom Tykwer also directed it.
Charlize Theron has been in Snow White and the Huntsman series. Do you like science fiction films?
You're welcome.
Charlize Theron stars in The Burning Plain, which is a biographical film
Taxi Driver is starring Tom Hanks and Tim Allen. Do you like thrillers?
Then you might also like Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels and Kill Bill.
Then you'll like Without a Trace. It is a drama and Crime Fiction
Okay great, enjoy!
Yes, that's a great movie. I haven't seen it, but I do know that it's a Thriller.
Yes, he is more of a science fiction novel. He wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is also considered a thriller.
Yes, it was another blockbuster film, which was directed by Ken Follett, and others.
Yes, its an autobiography that Anne Frank wrote The Diary of a Young Girl. Do you like that genre?
Other books in the same genre include The Diary of a Young Girl and The Diary of a Young Girl.
Well it appears that she co-wrote The Diary of Anne Frank, would you like me to add it to your list?
Ok, I hope you enjoy it!
That was a great movie! Do you like Star Wars, in general or some of the actors in it?
Scarlett Johansson starred in it, and she was also in Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith.
He was also in Hook Ya Crook. Have you seen that one?
I hope you enjoy it.
Chris Buck directed Surf's Up, a really cute Animated film.
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy The Good Dinosaur. It's more of a Horror comedy that he directed.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Dan Brown wrote Angels & Demons, which is in the suspense genre.
Yes, he directed the movie This Means War and it was released in 1986. Have you seen them?
No, The movie is about football.
ha! The Game of Their Lives was written by James Patterson, who also directed The Greatest Show on Earth.
I know that they're an NFC south team and i believe Lovey Smith is the coach
Haha. He's a linebacker right? I heard he's a good one.
Have a great day!
I do not follow much football but I do know she is in the London Olympics.
I like hockey and baseball. What about you?
The Washington Nationals. I like the New York Jets and New York Giants.
Sure! Scream is a horror. Do you like Horror films?
Yes. That is a horror/sci-fi.
You're welcome.
Have a good day
Lana Wachowski who wrote and directed The Matrix starred in The Matrix Revisited.
The movie stars Natalie Portman and Rupert Graves.
It is a romance/comedy film.
Yes, its written by Cornelia Funke and she also wrote Ink heart and Tintenblut. Do you like the writer or the genre of this book?
Anthea Bell also wrote Tintenherz. Would you like to know more?
Cinderella is a Romance Novel.
It was written by Iain Canning and released in 2005. Is that the genre you are looking for?
She was in The Iron Giant and The Lord of the Rings among other popular movies.
It was released in 2005 and is a historical period drama. The genre is children's literature.
You're welcome.
He wrote The Five Love Languages of Children. He is a singer-songwriter and an artist.
It's considered pop music and historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, she wrote, The Five Love Languages of Children, The Five Languages of Appreciation in the Workplace and more. Have you heard of them?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information on him. But, he is a musician and a film producer.
Sure, he wrote It's a Wonderful Life. He also wrote It's a Wonderful Life.
Sure, I like him the movie It's a Wonderful Life
He also wrote It's a Wonderful Life
Did you know that he produced It's a Wonderful Life?
She's a writer on the TV show Un di Velt Hot Geshvign. That's a mouthful!
I'm sorry I don't have that information
Great question, I do not have that information
Yes I do, have you ever read the book in English?
I don't have that information at this time but
The film stars Jennifer Lawrence, Bradley Cooper and Christian Bale. It's a crime drama.
It's a crime movie.
Oh it's written by Robert Jordan. Would you like me to add it to your watch list?
Woody Herman wrote the book called The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read it?
You're welcome
Washington Redskins sucks. did you know Dwight Schar owned this team
Do you like the Raiders?
I do not know much about tennis but I do know that it is very popular in the states.
Sure! Do you like movies in the genre comedy?
Sure Easy was written by Tammara Webber, Do you like her work?
Between the Lines is a good one. It's a romance novel that was released in 2012.
Tammara Webber also wrote Where You Are, Easy and Breakable. Do you like to hear more of her books?
Between the Lines was released in 2011. I hope you enjoy it.
Have a great day!
He has directed a lot of great films, such as The Goonies, starring Steven Soderbergh. Have you seen it?
I am not sure about that, but I can tell you it is starring Tom Hanks.
He also starred in The Good German and The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
You're welcome!
Alan Moore wrote Watchmen, V for Vendetta, he Saga of the Swamp Thing, Vol 20 - 27. Are you interested in any of his works?
That was released in 2004. It is a science fiction/thriller.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Richard J. Dunn wrote Wuthering Heights. Is this something you think you will be interesting in reading?
Yes, it's genre is more like Gothic fiction.
Great! Hope you enjoy it.
Sure! It was written by Robert Jordan and is a fantasy novel. Do you like the Fantasy genre?
Of course, Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction, have you read those?
It was released in 2010 and the genre is historical fiction
You might like Wildwood Dancing or Wildwood Dancing.
You're welcome.
Spirit Bound was written by Richelle Mead. This book has genre young-adult fiction and Urban fantasy. Do you like these genres?
Twilight is written by Richelle Mead.
Vampire Academy is listed under Science Fiction and Fantasy
You're welcome!
Charles Dickens is a great author. He wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop, have you read those?
Yes, Leo wrote it. It seems a very interesting piece of work.
Yes, it is a historical fiction.
Yes, that is correct. She also wrote A Thousand Splendid Suns, and The Lost Prince.
Great, have a wonderful day
Yes, Peter Segal directed The Longest Yard, Nutty Professor II: The Klumps, Naked Gun 33 1/3: The Final Insult, and My Fellow Americans to name a few. Is there anything else I can help with?
That's correct! He was well-known for The Longest Yard.
I'm not sure, but I know Adam Sandler was in 50 First Dates.
Hello, yes Albus wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
She also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
It is considered children's literature, but it is considered children's literature.
Newt Scamander appeared in the Fictional Universe Harry Potter by J. K. Rowling. He is the author of the book Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
Fantastic Beasts was released in 2001 and is a Fiction Romance film.
Yes. If you are into speculative fiction you should check out The Time Traveler's Wife.
Michael O'Neill starred in Transformers and Traffic.
Traffic is a drama/ crime fiction with a little bit of drama. Does that sound interesting to you?
Have you seen Slaughterhouse-Five?
You're welcome.
He plays for a Spain national football team. Do you like soccer?
I am not a fan of soccer but I have heard they are a very good team.
Wasn't he also on the Spain national football team?
Also similar to The Hangover Part II is Meet the Fockers and Welcome to Mooseport.
It was released in 2004. Todd Phillips also wrote Old School.
You are welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, Woody Allen wrote it. Do you like his movieS?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romance films?
I like murder mystery, too.
That is also a Romance film as well.
Mansfield Park is written by Tony Tanner, do you like his books or would you prefer something in the same genre, romance?
Persuasion is written by Michael Connelly.
Persuasion was released in 1817.
I have never heard about it but relating to what I have seen it is written by Michael Markowitz and a crime fiction Comedy what seems to be interesting!
I'm not sure about that, but I know she starred in Close Encounters of the Third Kind
That is a great movie, too. Kevin Spacey also starred in it as well.
He is a swiss professional tennis player. He played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
I watch a lot about tennis but I am not a fan of the sport. Do you like tennis?
Actually, I don't watch tennis much, but I do enjoy watching Venus Williams play, how about you?
I have Inkhheart and Tintenherz. Would you like those?
The Sword in the Stone and The Way of Zen are other good family novels
I haven't read any of them but I do know that Cornelia Funke wrote The Giving Tree.
Im not sure about him, biut Gary Mottola directed Adventureland starring Martin Star - its an adventure film
The River is a drama thriller. Do you like thrillers?
X-Men and World Without End are both thrillers. Do either of those interest you?
Enjoy!
Shawn Levy directed Real Steel. Real Steel is starring Hugh Jackman. What else can I do for you?
It also starred David Schwimmer and Christian Bale. It's a great movie.
I don't have that information, but I know Evangeline Lilly produced it.
Did you like it because it was starring Sean Connery or because it was a Crime Fiction?
If you like Crime Fiction you may want to check out You Only Live Twice and You Kill Me. I haven't seen them already.
No problem, enjoy
The Burning plain is a very good genre and stars Johnny Depp
He and his brother, John Rooney, both play soccer, right?
Yes he does
Well Alice Walker was an author of Fierce Light. Are you familiar with her work?
He wrote The Temple of My Familiar, and The Portable Atheist.
Can I help you with anything else?
He is the player in Barcelona?
No I did not know that. Is he a football player?
Yes his position is midfielder and defender. Do you know of any other football players?
Yes he was a Midfielder and he was also a Forward as well.
Yes I do. It was written by Patrick Rothfuss great author.
Well, Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Wise Man's Fear and The Name of the Wind.
It's a fantasy novel.
Your welcome
I know that it was written by Kiera Cass and released in 2013. Are you familiar with her work?
The Siren is a film. She also wrote The Selection and The Last Man. Have you seen them?
Kiera Cass also wrote The Siren. Have you heard of that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information either.
His genre is mainly Crime Fiction and Drama.
That movie stars Justin Timberlake. Do you like his movies?
There is a lot of action in that genre, including The Social Network.
It was released in 2010 and directed by Aaron Sorkin.
You are welcome!
Yes, it was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. You might also like The Man in the Iron Mask.
The genre is Treasure Island and was released in 1882.
Great. I think you'll enjoy it.
If you want another book by Robert Louis Stevenson, you should check out Wyrd Sisters or Xenocide.
I did not, but I saw it. It was a good movie, written by Stieg Larsson.
He is also in My Best Friend and Gone with the Wind.
That is correct.
You are welcome.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit one of my favorite books. If you haven't read it I'd highly recommend it.
She also wrote Seabiscuit which was released in 2016.
You're welcome.
You're welcome
Sure, Do you like the movie Aladdin because it is a Family Saga?
Sure, you might like The Princess and the Frog or Treasure Planet.
The Lion King came out in 2014. Would you like to check it out?
You're welcome.
Hemingway also wrote To Have and Have Not, And he also wrote, In our Time.
There are so many! A Farewell to Arms is one of my favorites, and that was written by Ernest Hemingway.
It was released in 1935, the same year as The Light Between Oceans.
No problem! I am happy to help.
OK then.
I know he is a quarterback from Texas other than that...
Well, from what I've heard, he's a pretty good athlete. Who does Brees play for?
Yeah, I like him a lot. I'm not much of a fan of him
Isn't that an action movie?
Could you recommend anything by Maurice Sendak?
I don't have any more information on that movie, but I can tell you that Stephen Reeve starred in it as well. It is a Romantic Comedy
It is a Historical novel if you like White Oleander.
A Grief Observed is written by C.S. Lewis.
It was released in 1945
That's a great book! He also wrote Till We Have Faces, which is a fantasy book. Have you read that one?
Will do!
certainly! Mr. Copley is a South African actor knows for roles in such films as The A-Team and Maleficent.
Yes. New York Knicks is owned by Woody Allen and coached by Mike Woodson.
Oh yeah, and I grew up watching the Madison Square Garden too. Did you watch any other sports ?
I like more of basketball as well, but I also like the movie Space Jam, have you ever seen that one?
He wrote Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil, which was turned into a film.
I'm not sure, but the book was published in 2005.
You're welcome, I'm happy to help.
Great. Glad I could help.
Are you referring to the director who directed it?
He also wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
He did! He also wrote Paper Towns, which is a great suspense film.
You're welcome.
I think he is a very good football player, do you like him?
Wow! I didn't know that. He's a German football player.
It's hard to say that I don't follow soccer much but I do know he's from Germany.
I would have to agree with you on that. He is a great player.
Gore Verbinski directed Rango, a popular western movie. He also wrote this as well.
Well, then you might enjoy The Mexican if you like westerns.
You're welcome!
It was written by Christopher Nolan and directed by Christopher Nolan. He also wrote The Dark Knight Rises.
The Prestige is a horror film.
I am not sure if they have produced any other dramas.
Memento stars Emir Kusturica and Hugh Jackman
Thomas Lennon starred in The Tenant of Wildfell Hall which is a very good movie
You're welcome
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a popular one by L. Frank Baum.
Yes, it falls under the fantasy genre. He also wrote The Incredible Hulk and The Secret Garden.
Some other books in the Fantasy genre include The Looking Glass Wars, The Golden Compass and the Harry Potter series.
Yes, she wrote The Wonderful Wizard of Oz and The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
You are welcome!
Cate Blanchett is the latest movie. It was released in 2017.
The Holiday was released in 2006, and is a drama-drama.
It is a Romance/Comedy.
Winter's Bone is a thriller movie. Sarah Parish stars in it as well.
yes she is in that movie as well.
WALLE is an action movie directed by Alfonso Cuaron. Do you like his work?
He also wrote X-Men: The Last Stand and X-Men: First Class.
The last stand is X-Men movie released in 2016 and stars Hugh Jackman, Laurence Fishburne and Hugh Jackman.
Yes. The Union is a great movie. It stars Ben Stiller and Hugh Jackman.
Zombieland is also a good one, it stars Ben Stiller and Hugh Jackman.
Yes- the union was released in 2008.
It was written by Sarah Dessen and is young adult fiction genre, Have you read any of her works?
Other books by her are What Happened to Goodbye and The Truth About Forever.
Some other books you might like are What Happened to Goodbye and This Lullaby.
Well, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
It's considered children's literature but is also considered children's literature.
It was written by Katherine Paterson. It's considered children's literature.
I have not seen it but what do you know about Ocean's Twelve: the genre or the actors?
There are several actors in Ocean's Twelve, including George Nolfi, Brad Pitt and George Nolfi.
Great! I hope you enjoy the movie!
Robert Lewandowski is an American professional footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich and the Poland national team.
I do, I like football. What is your favorite team?
I don't know much about him. Is he a good player?
He has starred in several movies such as Nixon and Mr. 3000.
Are you referring to Jack Thorne who starred in This Is England '86?
It is considered a Memoir and an Autobiography.
Yes, he is a film producer, screenwriter, producer and screenwriter. He was born in J.K. Rowling.
Sure, I'll add them to your list.
Snow Flower
It's a fiction novel released in 2005.
I'm not talking about the story. I do know that Snow Flower is a novel written by China Dolls.
Absolutely!
Do you like movies produced by Quentin Tarantino?
Since you liked that, you might also enjoy Grindhouse. It was directed by Rob Zombie, who also directed Grindhouse.
It stars Brendan Fraser and it is a great comedy.
Sure, this book is written by Stieg Larsson and was released in 2006.
Steig Larsson wrote The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo and The Girl In The Spider's Web.
Yes it was released in 2005 and is a drama/mystery.
You are welcome.
You're welcome!
I sure do, he starred in Thriller Film Wicked, Tusk, Kill Bill: Vol 2. What kind of genre do you like?
Wicked is a Thriller and also starred Jessica Pare. It is a Drama/Thriller.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome!
Certainly, Ken Kesey wrote The Sum of All Fears and One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest.
Oh, I recommend that you read it. It's a very good book.
Great, enjoy!
He is an excellent basketball player, a point guard, and a point guard.
I don't know anything about him, either. He's a good basketball player.
He was amazing in Ghostbusters!
Yes he did. Dan Aykroyd was the writer of Ghostbusters.
Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls written by John Pogue have you seen it?
Yes, Vin Diesel stars in The Fast and the Furious and he was also in XXXVIII.
Yes, the movie A Man Apart was released in 2008 starring Keanu Reeves.
No problem!
He's written Travels with Charley: In Search of America, Tortilla Flat, The Winter of our Discontent and many more. Have you read any of these?
I do, he wrote What Lies Beneath that written by Sarah Kernochan and Clark Gregg?
Yes he did
Yes, I will have to watch it. It is a great movie
Do you like them because they are in the National Football League?
I'm not a huge football fan but if I had to choose, I would say really like it. I just know they're a good quarter back and I'm not a huge fan.
I prefer action thrillers. Have a good day.
Not sure, but it is written by Paula McLain who also wrote Circling the Sun. Have you read them?
You're correct. Circling the Sun was released in 2015, and it's in the English language.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
That movie is a Psychological thriller starring David Lynch. Do you like thrillers?
Eraserhead is starring Tom Clancy. what else can i answer for you?
the genre is thriller. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
The Fault in Our Stars is a popular one that he directed.
The Fault in Our Stars is starring Shailene Woodley. Have you seen it?
It is a young-adult fiction and science fiction film.
You are welcome!
Hotel Rwanda is starring Terry George who also starred in Hart's War
Sure, it was written by Mandela. It's a great book.
Yes it is. We Were Soldiers also has a genre of Comedy-Drama.
Great. Enjoy.
Sure! Tammara Webber wrote Easy and Breakable. Do you like like drama or crime fiction better?
It was released in 2011. Do you like Romance Novels?
2011 was the year that released Z: A Novel of Zelda Fitzgerald. A very good one.
Sure, The Phantom Tollbooth was written by Norton Juster. Have you heard of him?
Oh yeah, Peter Cushing starred in The Man in the Iron Mask and Tales from the Crypt as well as many others. Would you like me to continue?
Ok have you seen Twins of Evil also starring Celia Ahern, and Kate Winslet.
Rick Riordan wrote that book. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Great I'll add it to your list.
Peter Gallagher starred in The O.C. which is a Romantic Comedy. He also starred in quite a few. Do you like this genre?
While You Were Sleeping stars Sandra Bullock and Bill Pullman. Do you like these actors?
Collateral Damage is written by Ron Clements and was released in 1995.
Great, enjoy!
I sure do. He starred in The Thomas Crown Affair and The Running Man, to name a couple.
I believe it is, you should check it out.
Some other action movies you might like are World War Z and Cloverfield
You are welcome. Happy to help
I know he is a actor, and a musician. I'm not sure about Hush Hush but I can tell you that he starred in the movie The Incredibles.
Have you read Dreamland? It is a very good novel.
You might also like the book The Witch of Blackbird Pond by Elizabeth George Speare, it is a young adult novel.
You are welcome. Have a great day!
It was written by Jeannette Walls.
She is also a writer of the book Three Cups of Tea
It is a fiction novel
Your welcome
Yes, John Carpenter directed The Fault in Our Stars, which is starring Will Smith.
Yes he did. It's a crime fiction film. Do you like that genre?
Yes, you are correct. I haven't seen that one. It's a horror film.
Rhonda Byrne wrote the Secret, the power, the magic
My apologies. I do not have any similar authors but I do know it was written by Sean Byrne.
He wrote The Secret, which was released in 1999.
He starred in Your Friend the Rat, Warriors of the 21st Century and WALL-E. Are you interested in any of those?
Your Friend the Rat was written by Charlize Theron and was released in 2007. Would you like to know more about The Rat?
Your Friend the Rat is a Rat movie and it is starring Patton Oswalt.
You are welcome and have a great day!
Is it the book written by Maurice Sendak?
The BFG is a family friendly film and it was produced by the same guy.
Yes it does! I hope you enjoy!
Still Alice is written by Still Alice. It's in the genre of fantasy. Do you like that genre?
Do you like Anthony because he is an actor?
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Could I add that to your list?
Sure! He wrote the books, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time, The Red House and a A Spot of Bother. The first book has a genre Mystery.
Yes, they were. The Red House wasadapted into a film. Have you seen it?
Yes he did it was directed by Orson Scott Card.
You're welcome!
Sure. He wrote Here Comes the Boom and Zookeeper. Is there a certain genre your looking for?
Kevin James also starred in Zookeeper. That's a romantic comedy
I'm not sure about that, but Kevin James also directed Zoolander.
Yes, Once Upon a Time in the West was wrote by the same man.
Witches Abroad and Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels are some examples.
I don't know who stars in Nightcrawler. I do know that he is a musician but a director with a lot of actors.
I hope you enjoy it!
I know a little about him. He's a quarterback for the Packers. Do you like him?
The Order was released in 2003
Casper Van Dien, and Michael York where the main stars in the order.
You're welcome.
It is a great movie starring Tom Hanks and Julia Roberts.
I think you'd like The Alamo, which is also written by Michael Lewis. The Blind Side is a drama film.
Moneyball is produced by Roland Emmerich and is in the comedy genre.
Yes its written by Cassandra Clare.
The Iron Trial, The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Ashes; City of Glass, The Iron Trial, City of Glass, and City of Glass.
Then you'll like Clockwork Angel and The Shadowhunter's Codex twice in the series.
You are welcome.
Yes, he directed Children of Men which is an adventure film
Yes, he did and that was released in 1999.
I believe it was a drama.
You're welcome!
Yes, Mere Christianity is a Christian literature written by C. S. Lewis in 1952.
He also wrote Till We Have Faces, The Magician's Nephew, and The Silver Chair. Have you read any of those?
You're welcome.
The only thing I know about him is that he directed Yellow Submarine.
Not really, but I know he is a musician and a musician.
I have never heard of him. Is he on the team?
Do you know if he was in Beatles movies?
Laurie Halse wrote Wintergirls, Twisted, and The Impossible Knife of Memory.
Wintergirls is a Crime Fiction. It was released in 1999.
Sure, I will download it for you.
Yes, I do! Are you a fan of Rihanna's music?
Oh, that's great. Did you know that she has a romatic relationship with Chris Brown?
Battleship is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
He's been in a lot of movies. Two of them are The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like those types of movies?
I have not seen anything in Marc Forester's series. What genre are you looking for?
The movie is based on the work of Edgar Allan Poe. It is about a father and a woman.
Enjoy!
It is written by Suzanne Collins and a Young-adult fiction. Do you like this author?
I have a couple good one by Collins called Gregor and the Marks of Secret. Have you heard of it?
Yes. It is a Fantasy/Comedy/Drama.
Yes, he is a man of many things. He wrote Little Miss Sunshine starring Paul Dano.
Yes, he did. He also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
No, John Elizabeth was not in the version of Elizabeth. The film is called Little Miss Sunshine.
I am not familiar with her but I know she has a film called Little Miss Sunshine that is part of the movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
True Believer is a book by Nicholas Sparks. It's in the genre of romance and drama. Do you like romance books?
Nicholas Sparks also wrote The Wedding. Have you read that one?
Yes, it was also a film written by Nicholas Sparks. I am going to check it out soon.
How about The Wedding? I heard this one was a good one.
The Matrix Revolution was directed by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
I'm not sure, but I know Keanu Reeves starred in The Matrix Revolutions.
He was also in "Predators" and "Mystic River." Would you like to see one of those?
She has starred in The Proposal, which is a thriller. She also starred in The Mask and The Muppets!
Tim Robbins was the director of Mystic River.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he directed The Mechanic.
Yes, I like that movie too. Did you know it was written by Christopher Nolan?
X-Men 2 is another great one.
You're welcome
I have added that for you.
The Light Between Oceans is one book.
No, I have not. Did you know that The Light Between Oceans was released in 2013?
Sure, he also directed The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Are you familiar with those?
Great. You're welcome.
Yes, she wrote Rebecca and My Cousin Rachel.
I'm not sure but Daphne du Maurier also wrote Jamaica Inn.
It came out in 1937.
No problem, happy to help.
I do not really my most hated team. But I do know that they just fired their head coach Mike McCarthy tonight because he did not get a long with Aaron rodgers the QB and he did not make the playoffs do you like them?
If you like the steelers and the broncos, they are a great team.
i have heard of him. do you like football?
he is a good coach. have you ever seen a game live in person?
That is true, they were the runner ups in Super Bowl XXXII.
Yes, I am! I liked him in Friends with Benefits. Did you see that?
Sure, it's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Me too! It also has Justin Timberlake in it. Do you know him?
I really like when she and Seth Meyers (Late Night with Seth Meyers) went day drinking? Have you seen that clip?
American Idol has genre Music and I love music. Do you like either of those genres?
I don't have that information either. I do know Jerry Maguire starred in the movie. He was a great host.
Oh yes, I love that one. She is a character, writer, and actress.
I can recommend another movie starring Joseph Sikora, which is an action/adventure film.
Sure. The Watcher was written by Joseph Sikora and also stars Thomas Lennon and James Cannon. It is a thriller.
You're right, he did star in The Watcher. He was also in The Scarlet Letter. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
Frances Mayes wrote The Secret Garden. Have you read that one?
Donald Sutherland is a poet who also happens to be a poet. Do you know of any other poets?
Can I help you with anything else?
Definitely! Station Eleven was written by Emily St. John Mandel in 2014. I don't have information on it's genre, but I do know that it was released the same year as Wicked.
Toni Morrison wrote The Bluest Eye, Tar Baby, and Sula
Its a mystery
The Bluest Eye is a fiction book
Enter's Game was written by Nora Ephron and is a fiction book
You are welcome
Downfalls in the genre of War. Do you like War films?
Michael Crichton and Ben Stiller. Are you familiar with these actors?
You're Welcome!
Andrew Stanton directed Finding Nemo. Finding Nemo is a family genre.
Yes, Jeff Garlin also starred in The Warrior as well. It is a Sci-Fi movie.
Yes, Jeff Garlin was in the Animation too. He also produced the animated movie A Bug's Life.
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you want to see more of his works?
Well, if you like Young-adult fiction, you'll like The Crucible.
That's a great choice. Other examples of Drama and Fantasy. Do you have a preference out of those genres?
You are very welcome!
He's a great actor. He starred in Playing for Keeps and Olympus has Fallen.
It's a romantic comedy. Did you know it was also turned into a movie?
It was released in 1999.
Sure. Playing it for you.
I never watch that movie, but I know it was written by Martin McDonagh, what do you know about it?
It also stars Anne Hathaway and Huey Lewis.
Yes, he did and that was a great movie.
You're welcome.
Sure, he directed the comedy American Pie as well as The Golden Compass.
I think you might also enjoy American Pie. Chris Weitz also wrote The Golden Compass which starred Ian McKellen.
Yes, the Lady in the Water is a good one! Chris Weitz also directed American Pie.
Alejandro Amenábar directed The City of Ember, which is a Spanish film.
I would. It's a great children's book. I think it is a great book. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, she wrote The Nightingale, which is a Mystery. And The Nightingale is also a short story.
What would you like to know about it?
I think he is a good tennis player but I like Andy Murray better.
I think you may like him as an actor as well. He starred in The Expendables 2.
You're welcome.
I definitely recommend Die Hard with a Vengeance, starring Bruce Willis.
Yes, he also wrote A Good Day to Die Hard. Have you seen it?
Of course, it is a Romance movie, was released in 2000.
Yes, they were both released in 1957. Did you know that The Lorax has a genre Fiction?
Yes, The Sneetches and Other Stories is also a Children's literature written by Theodore Lesieg and is children's literature.
You're welcome.
It starred J.K. Simmons and Melissa Benoist. JK won an Oscar for his role.
She is also in The Longest Ride and The Longest Ride. Do you like her acting?
If you like Melissa Benoist, also starred in The Longest Ride.
Yes, it is a romance/comedy film. I think you might like it
Yes I have seen Faster and Men of Honor! I think I have seen that one.
You're welcome
I do enjoy the Lakers. They are coached by Mark D'Antoni and Mike Brown. What is your favorite team?
I never watch it. Have you ever seen him play the Los Angeles Lakers?
Oh wow, that's very cool. I'm a fan of Lakers.
Larissa wrote рат и овести, рат арамаов, and ес.
I do not have that information but I do know he wrote books in a language I cannot translate.
Excellent, have a great day!
Sure! Do you like The Notebook because it's romance?
Have you read Post-Apocalyptic fiction?
It is written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her work?
No problem, enjoy!
Don't know too much about them. Who are the coaches?
I don't know much about him either. I guess he's a good player though.
Wow! I didn't know that. That's awesome. The sports Illustrated Sportsman of the year was released!
Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
She also wrote Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life from Dear Sugar
Your welcome
Sure, it is written by the great by J.K. Rowling. What can I tell you about it?
I recommend The Cuckoo's Calling and The Silkworm.
It is a fantasy novel. Do you like that genre?
Any time! Enjoy!
I liked him in The Gathering Storm. Do you like him?
Yes it is. It is the same show as The Mask. Have you seen it?
Yes it is. Do you like it because it is a crime fiction?
That book was written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote Little House on the Prairie
Yes, some books similar to Little House on the Prairie are Little House on the Prairie and Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger.
Yes I do and can tell you that Little House on the Prairie is a book similar to Little House on the Prairie
Venus Williams is an American professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 40 in the WTA singles rankings.
I didn't know that. What genre is that? A comedy?
I didn't know that. I see that Venus has lost to Venus but not as much as her sister Serena.
The Lost Symbol is by Dan Brown and was released in 1997. Would you like to know more about it?
That is a really good movie written by Ron Howard. Would you like to know more about Tom Hanks?
Yes, he did. Ron Howard also wrote The Da Vinci Code and The Inferno.
He produced The Da Vinci Code and Inferno.
I have other Dramas like The Da Vinci Code and The Lost Symbol.
Enjoy
Yes, X-Men: First Class is one of my favorite movies.
It's a Thriller.
You might like Cloverfield, which is a Sci-Fi movie.
Yes, I like Robert Downey Jr., he is a great actor!
He wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented and other books.
It is a Feminist perspective
He also wrote A Pure Woman Faithfully in 1891
Rick Yancey wrote The Monstrumologist,The Last Star, The Infinite Sea.Are you interested in Young-adult fiction?
He has written Seven Pounds, Their Eyes Were Watching God and Something Borrowed.
Absolutely, Enjoy and have a great day
Starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn, what do you like about it?
I would recommend Zoolander 2 and Anything else I can help with.
I will have to check them out!
It's a great drama. Do you like it because it's written by Margaret Mitchell?
Ok, then I recommend World Without End, Wolf Brother or Wild Hogs.
The Untouchables is starring Bruce Willis and is a Romance movie.
You're welcome.
Did you know that that was written by Nicolas Sparks?
Two By Two is written by Nicholas Sparks. Would you like to hear it?
Well, The Notebook is another good one.
I don't really know much about them except they're a K-pop boy band. Do you like them?
I have Inkhheart and Tintenherz. Would you like those?
Inkheart is written by Cornelia Funke. She also wrote Inkheart which is a fantasy.
Enjoy.
Did you like the Hangover Part II because it is a comedy?
It was written by Robert Kosar and stars Josh Brolin. It's a Thriller
Your welcome
Hello, yes Albus wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
The book actually has a genre of Speculative fiction, like Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Have you read any of those?
You're very welcome!
I know she starred in Hook Ya Crook
Yes it is very similar to soccer and lacrosse.
Robert Duvall starred in Hook Ya Crook, which is a romantic comedy.
Sure. Tracy Chevalier wrote the black comedy book Falling Angels. Does that sound interesting to you?
I believe it was published in 1996.
You are welcome.
Do you like the author Roald Dahl?
If you enjoy Children's literature, I would recommend The Witch of Blackbird Pond. It is an excellent children's literature.
I don't see any information on that, but I can find some other books by Quentin Blake.
Enjoy!
Yes, they are a football team. Do you like soccer?
I love his writing! He wrote The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes, The Complete Sherlock Holmes, and The Return of Sherlock Holmes. Do you enjoy detective or mystery type novels and movies?
Yes, do you like this movie because it is a Sci-Fi or because it is a Fantasy?
Sure, he also starred in Cotthroat Island and The Wolverine. Do you like animation films?
Yes, Stan Lee also starred in Iron Man 3 and Thor
Absolutely, have a great day.
This movie is written by Diana Wynne Jones, and stars Christian Bale. Are you interested in young adult fiction?
Jon Favreau wrote Made, starring Faizon Love, and Jonathan Silverman
He directed The Wolfman and Jurassic Park III right?
The films that you might like are Zombieland and Yesterday Was a Lie. Have you seen them?
Yes he did. He was also in The Perfect Score.
I hope you like it!
Sure, did you like Sharp Objects because it was written by Gillian Flynn, or because it was the genre Suspense/Mystery?
She also wrote Sharp Objects and Dark Places.
I believe it was. It was directed by Paul Michael Glaser.
It was released in 2015.
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works
Cold Blood is a Drama and Crime Fiction novel. It is also a film.
Michael Bay is the producer of Transformers and also did Mystery Men and I Am Number Four. Did you like that one?
It's a great movie! It stars Robin Williams, William Hurt and William Hurt.
It was directed by Steven Spielberg. Are you a Spielberg fan?
You're welcome.
Sure, he wrote the classic Twilight: The Complete Illustrated Movie Companion. I would highly recommend that one.
Yes, it's a vampire series.
They were both turned into movies. It's a pretty good series.
You're welcome!
Sure, he directed Seven Psychopaths. Gabourey Sidibe starred in it.
It is a psychological thriller released in 2014
You're welcome
Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995. Do you like the book because of its story line?
It was released in 1999. It's a romantic comedy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Enjoy!
Rickie Fowler is an American athlete. He plays golf. Do you play the sport?
I didn't know much about Golf, but I remember Adam Sandler was in the movie. Do you like Golf?
I love Julia Bowen! She was in quite a few films too.
She starred in Wonder Women 2017, also in Solider 1998
Shaun Evans and Damian Lewis were the principal actors.
It is a fantasy, do you like those types of movies?
The 5th Wave is an adventure movie starring Rick Yancey. Do you like this genre?
Ricky Yancey also wrote the movie 2016 as well. It is considered science fiction as well.
Ricky Yancey also wrote the Monstrumologist series.
Sure! You might like The Terminator or The Last Star. Both are also science fiction.
No problem! Enjoy.
I think she's a good singer but can't recall any of her songs right now. Do you like her music?
She was in Valentine's day with Emily Bronte. She is a great singer.
I didn't know she was in Men in Black 3 lol. Did you see that one?
I do! He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine. Have you seen it?
I haven't seen it but I've heard it's very good. Kevin Reynolds was in it and he is a great actor.
Ted is a great comedy movie. If you like comedies, Ryan Reynolds was in Hero.
I hope you enjoy the movie.
Yeah, he's one of my favorites. I like his song Never Let You Go.
I like the song Love Yourself, do you like it?
Yes, that's too bad. Would you like to hear him again?
That was a great movie! Do you like Star Wars, in general or some of the actors in it?
Yes, he was. He was also in The Dark Knight
He was also in Wonderland
Jack and Jill, Bedtime stories, grown ups. Adam Sandler movies are all awesome
Grown up and it was directed by Steve Oedekerk. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Yes he did and it was directed by Steve Coogan.
You are welcome
Victor Hugo is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for French club Paris Saint-Germain
It was released in 1599 and in the Romance genre.
It is considered a Gothic Fiction book. Another good book is Notre Dame. Have you read that one?
Another good book of his is Notre Dame. Have you read that one?
You are welcome!
Paul Thomas Anderson starred in There Will Be Blood,The Stand,I Come in Peace and La Bamba. Have you seen any of those?
I don't know a lot about her. But, I know she is from Adelaide.
Did you know he is also a model?
No, if you like Coldplay you might also like X-Men Apocalypse.
Anthony Hopkins starred in both Bobby and The Edge.
Peter and Paul is a romantic drama. Do you like romantic dramas?
Sure, that's a great choice. Tom Wilkinson and Rosario Dawson also starred in Peter and Paul. It's a romantic comedy.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I do not follow them a whole lot. I know the team is coached by Ken Whisenhunt and owned by Bud Adams. Do you watch their games ?
I actually don't follow them too much. I do know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt and owned by Bud Adams. Are they your favorite team?
I really do not know much about them, they're coached by Gary Kubiak.
I do. He is a basketball player, who played point guard for the Detroit Pistons
I didn't know he was with the Denver Nuggets. Is he a good player?
It was a great movie by Danny DeVito. I haven't seen it yet.
Yes that was written by William Shakespeare. If you like his work I can make some recommendations for you.
My data is not showing the exact date but I do know that the book was released many years ago.
hope you enjoy your reading!
She is a tennis player from Constanta, Romania and quite good. Do you like her?
I do not watch tennis at all but I think Serena Williams is very talented. I like tennis.
Yeah, she has been pretty good. I think only Venus has lost a few matches.
I have not really followed them much as it seems they float around between the AFL and the NFL.
He had a runner up in Super Bowl XLVII, did you know that?
It was Super Bowl XIX so it's really cool.
Yes, Mervyn Peake is a screenwriter and Author and he wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
It was released in 1886.
It was considered a thriller.
Shark Night is a horror starring Katharine McPhee.
Stephenie Meyer is a great actor.
I'm sorry I'm not sure where you're going.
Yes, there was a movie based on Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone. Would you like to know more about that?
He also wrote The Goonies, I highly recommend it.
Yes, he wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
Kenneth H. Blanchard wrote it. The book was released in 1981.
Its a suspense book released in 1981.
No problem.
Well, I do not have that information but I can tell you that The Fountainhead is in English.
She also wrote We the Living. Have you heard of that one?
Your welcome. Glad I could help.
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories ?
The Passage, The Island of Dracula, and Underworld: Evolution are all horror books from that time period. Do you like horror?
George R. R. Martin wrote that book. Did you know that Stephen King wrote it?
The Girl Next Door has genre Fiction, speculative fiction, and fantasy
She wrote Under the Tuscan Sun.
Under the Tuscan Sun is a Romance Novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're very welcome! Hope I have been helpful.
Do you like the movie because it is a fiction?
Yes she did and also wrote Go Set a Watchman
ok great you are welcome
She also wrote Go Set a Watchman which is a Fiction
Yes, I did enjoy it, it starred Al Pacino and was released in 1990. Do you enjoy crime fiction movies?
I have not, but I know it was written by Robert De Niro and starred Al Pacino.
I see, I like him too. Did you know he produced it?
I don't have any information on Michael Byrne, but he was in The Godfather Part II, have you seen that one?
I am not sure, but I know it also stars Steve Buscemi.
Great, enjoy the movie!
Seamus Heaney wrote Beowulf.
It is a Romeo and Juliet and it is a midfielder.
It is written in English and is a classic.
Yes. He starred in The Terminator and The Order. Do you like thrillers?
Sure, he was in The Terminator and The Order. Do you like action films?
Sure, Lionheart is written by James Patterson and stars him as a musician. It's also a film
Woody Harrelson, Jesse Eisenberg also starred in the movie.
William Hurt, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone are some of the actors in the movie.
you are welcome
He directed Seven Psychopaths. Gabourey Sidibe starred in it.
Six Shooter was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Nicholas Cage.
Seven Psychopaths is an action film. Do you like that genre?
I agree. Did you know he won the award for Rookie of the Year? That's pretty exciting!
I watch a lot of basketball but I don't really follow it. I am more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Wilson Chandler that was drafted to the New York Knicks? I think he's a great shooting guard too.
Would you wish me to recommend something in relation to Heroic Fantasy?
Alien is apart of the film series Aliens. Aliens is written by Ronald Shusett. Have you seen the other movies in the series?
Yes he is, he wrote it as well. It is a thriller and science fiction. Have you seen that one?
Not that I can find but I would recommend Hatfields & McCoys, which is also a horror film.
Sure! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Released in 2013, The Rosie Project was written by Graeme Simsion. Does the name sound familiar?
Yes, she also wrote Wonder Boys and he wrote it as well.
Yes, it is written by Sue Monk Kidd and was released in 2013.
He wrote the Movie Olympus Has Fallen and Brooklyn's Finest.
Philip Baker Hall also starred in Olympus. He also starred in Rear Window which is a great thriller.
I don't have any suggestions for movies he has produced. However he is a scientist and film critic.
John Cusack is the writer of War film. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, I do. Do you enjoy him as an actor or singer?
It was a good movie. He was also in Friends with Benefits.
I believe he is a friend with Will Smith. I'm not sure what he is about.
The genre of person narrative has similar type books, such as 'without remorse.' Have you heard of that book?
To Kill a Mockingbird was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like to know more about the book?
Yes, Harper Lee also wrote Go Set a Watchman and the Emperors Cool Clothes.
You're very welcome!
It was written by Cassandra Clare. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes, you're correct. It was also written by her.
No problem. Enjoy!
I'm not a huge baseball fan. But the references to them and George Steinbrenner were hilarious on Seinfeld.
The team owner is George Steinbrenner.
I'm not sure about that, I can tell you that The New York Yankees have a similar battle with that.
A deadly heart attack!
Yes, I know of him and also know that he is a Catholic.
I'm a big fan of badminton and I loved watching the 2012 Olympics. What about you?
What do you think of them? I only watch badminton when he played badminton.
Yes it was, Western Europe is a great place to visit. Have you been there?
I do, it's a paranormal romance, urban fantasy, young adult fiction book. Is that what you would like to know?
I do! The Amazing Spider-Man is a science fiction novel written by Stan Lee. Do you like science fiction books?
The Amazing Spider-Man and The Amazing Spider-Man 2. Are those of interest?
Yes, it is a fantasy, do you like that genre?
ok
Yes, Gillian wrote What Do you Do
It is a non fiction novel
What genre of books do you like?
You're welcome
He wrote Heretics of Dune, which is a speculative fiction.
Okay, have you heard about Lost in Space? It's an interesting Psychological Thriller.
Sorry, I don't have that information.
Sure, enjoy the book!
Did you like it because it was a Mystery movie?
That is a great movie, I would recommend it and also it is written by James Patterson.
Great, enjoy!
I sure do! It's a great book written by Robert Jordan. Are you familiar with his work?
It is a great movie. If you like Fantasy films, you might also like The Incredible Hulk or The Titan's Curse.
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
You're so welcome!
Do you like the movie because of the genre or the actors in it?
It was released in 1999 and is a romantic comedy. Would you like to see it?
You're welcome!
I saw the movie, but I haven't read the book. That was written by Sara Gruen. Have you read it?
No, I haven't. Do you like the book because of its fantasy genre?
Yes I have. It is a Romance novel that was released in 2015.
Yes, I will check it out.
What do you think about it?
OK, have a great day!
Great pick it is written by Jamie McGuire and released in 2011. It has very good reviews and is considered a favorite for some.
I don't know what other work he has written, but I do know Jamie McGuire won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. He also wrote Walking Disaster.
You're welcome!
Pulp Fiction was written by Quentin Tarantino.
John Travolta also starred in Zombieland
She was in Walk the Line and Self/less. Do those sound interesting to you?
Tyler Mane was also in that movie
OK, but I don't have that information.
Of course. Joseph Heller wrote The Crossing and The Kingdom of the Crystal Skull. Have you read those?
Definitely, it is my favorite soccer team! My brother likes Chelsea, we always fight about it.
Not really. I am more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan. What about you?
I like the Lakers. I used to be a Lakers fan when it came to the playoffs.
Jake Gyllenhaal is a director. Some of his most well-known works include Thriller and Enchanted. Have you heard of those?
It was released in 2002.
It also stars Michael Angarano and Jesse Eisenberg.
You're welcome! Have a great day!
Norton Juster wrote The Phantom Tollbooth, it is one of his classics.
Well, The Looking Glass Wars is a great fantasy novel
Yes, it is part of the series.
It was released in 2004.
Yes, she wrote The Mists of Avalon and the Forest House. Are you interested in Speculative fiction?
It is part of a series, the next in the series is The Mists of Avalon. Have you read it?
The author is Marion Zimmer Bradley. This book was released in 1982 and is part of the series The Mists of Avalon.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy the book!
Yes, John Ratzenberger wrote The Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
What If If You Give a Pig a Pancake is another one you may like.
It is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I hope you enjoy it!
Absolutely! My favorite book by him is The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo. Have you read that one?
Yes, it is a comedy-drama.
Anytime!
I haven't seen it but I know it was written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
Sure, he also wrote The Big Lebowski.
I don't have that information, but O Brother, Where Art Thou was released in 1985.
You are welcome.
He was in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
Wally Lamb wrote She's Come Undone and The Hour I First Believed. Do you like Fiction?
Yes, it was released in 2009.
Yes it is!
I'm not a fan of his. I only know that he is a singer, songwriter and musician.
I recommend The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. Have you read that?
Yes, he was. It's a great Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Denis Leary is an actor similar to Leo Tolstoy.
Well he was in the movies The Dark Knight Rises and Fantastic Mr. Fox.
I know he starred in The Dark Knight Rises, which is a crime fiction film
Lukas Haas Haas In the movie is a popular movie that he was in.
I am not sure but they were both released in 1998 and 2003.
You're welcome
Yes, The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is written by Steven D. Levitt and it is a fantasy.
The Silver Chair is also written by C.S. Lewis. Have you heard of it?
The Silver Chair is a fantasy novel. The Lion is actually a movie, The Witch and the Wardrobe is a coming of age story.
Sure, he directed Elysium and District 9, both movies. District 9 is an Indie Film that blew it out of the park, have you seen it?
Yes, it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, she was. She was also in House Bunny.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, she wrote Call Me Maybe and It's Kind of a Funny Story.
I have several. She is a big fan of Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg.
You're welcome.
I know he's a soccer player for Manchester United F.C. and he plays for Manchester United F.C.
Pep Guardiola and Jupp Heynckes are some of the players on that team.
I believe he is from Guadalajara, Mexico and he was actually born on June 1st, 1988.
Bobby Farrelly wrote Stuck on You. Stuck on You is written by Peter Farrelly. Would you like more information about this?
If you like comedy films, you should check out Zoolander. It stars Michelle Pfeiffer.
Jim Carrey stars in a lot of movies. I think he is a good actor.
You're welcome.
Yes he plays basketball. He is a point guard for the Chicago Bulls.
Well, he plays a point guard for the Chicago Bulls.
How are they doing this year?
Sure! Lois Lowry wrote it, and it was written by Lois Lowry.
Yes, she is. Do you like her books? She wrote What the Dog Saw and Other Adventures.
No problem, enjoy!
Quentin Blake wrote The Twits, which is a Fantasy. Do you like Fantasy?
He wrote The Twits, which is also by Quentin Blake.
Well it's a good read, I'd recommend it.
It was released in 2007. Would you like to know more about the movie?
No problem!
This book was written by John Green, who also wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
The Fault in Our Stars has genre Young-adult fiction. You might also like Paper Towns.
Absolutely!
I'm not positive it's similar but Ashes to Ashes is in the same genre and is an action movie like The Firm.
It's an action film. If you like that genre, I highly recommend it.
You are very welcome!
I recommend Island.
Yes, The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell was released 1956. 1956 was the year that released The Last Battle
Yes, The Last Battle was released in 1956. Would you like to know more about it?
You're very welcome!
I know he wrote a book that was released in 1987. It was A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Yes, he also wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes. He also wrote To Say
Of course, Stephen Hawking wrote The Universe in a Nutshell, and A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
OK, anything else I can help you with?
Sure, she's been in lots of movies. Which genres do you like?
That's great, she is a great actor. Have you seen her in Batman?
That's right. She was also in True Grit and The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
The Horse Whisperer is a Drama/Comedy.
He's written When You Are Engulfed in Flames as well as Santaland Diaries.
It's a Fiction and was released in 2008.
Yes, it was released in 2008. Would you like to know more about this book?
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
Yes, I like her too! She is very talented. Aside from being a great singer, she's also a Songwriter, and she can act, too!
I don't know that, but I do like her song Almost Is Never Enough featuring Nathan Sykes, the MTV is so sweet.
Yes, she is a Woman, a Woman is a Woman, and a Woman is a Woman. She has a lot of celebrity friends.
Robin Williams starred in the movies The Last Dragon, The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen any of them?
Did you know that Mrs. Doubtfire also starred in The Visitor? It is a classic.
Yes she was, did you know she was in the movie?
Enjoy!
I enjoyed the book by Robert Ludlum as well as the movie that starred Matt Damon. Have you seen it?
Yes he did. Sean Penn and Sarah Polley both starred in this movie.
If you like thrillers, you may also enjoy Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
Enjoy!
Sure, He wrote The Crucible. Have you read that?
It was released in 1953 and is in the English language.
Yes, I would recommend The Importance of Being Earnest, which is also a tragedy movie
Yes, The Fall of the House of Usher is written by Christopher Bigsby. He also wrote The Titan's Curse. Do you like him?
You're welcome.
I think he is a really good basketball player, he is from Long Beach.
The only thing I know about him is that he played Basketball
He is currently playing for the Oklahoma City Thunder.
He is a point guard.
Yes. Mary Harron directed American Psycho and was the Executive Producer on The Notorious Bettie Page. Have you seen either of these?
Mary is an action thriller
your welcome
It was released in 2001
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Billy Boyd. Do you like Fantasy films?
He wrote The Matrix Revisited, The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Reloaded
He directed the movie V for Vendetta.
He directed The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen it?
Rip Torn and Jeremy Renner are in Allegiant.
She is a great actor in this movie. It's considered a thriller and a war film.
The Light Between Oceans is one book.
The Light Between Oceans has genre Drama. Are you interested in drama?
Yes, he starred in that movie. He also starred in Annie Hall and Tom Cruise.
You are welcome. Anytime!
Yes, Andy Tennant is both a writer and actor. He starred in The Bounty Hunter and Sweet Home Alabama. Have you seen those movies?
Yes, he starred in The Bounty Hunter, The Sweet Far Thing, and The Pursuit of Happyness.
Fool's Gold is directed by David Grazer. It also stars Sam Neill.
I believe he did. He was also in Days of Blood, which is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome!
He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
I have no information on the book but i do not have any information about the book
you are welcome
Yes, it is a good movie starring Taxi Driver. Did you know that Paul Giamatti starred in it?
Sure, if you like Taxi Driver you might also enjoy X-Men Origins: Wolverine, have you seen that?
Enjoy!
I know that he is an athlete that played on the Uruguay national football team, but that's it.
Yes, Liverpool F.C is a midfielder. Do you like football?
I agree that he is a good player too. Did you know he is from Uruguay?
The Patriots are a professional American football franchise based in England. Their coach is Tom Brady. Do you like the NFL?
Have you seen the other Harry Potter films?
Did you know the first book was released in 2016?
Do you know anything about Harry Potter or the Deathly Hallows?
Yes, it was written by John Steinbeck and released in 2015.
There are several actors in this film including Troy, Jodie Foster and Anthony Hopkins.
No problem. What genre are you looking for?
You're welcome!
That was written by Tennessee Williams and is in the genre called Southern Gothic. Would you like more books by WIlliams or others in that genre?
That is a great story. If you like the genre, you'll like The Chemist.
It is a drama that was released in 1945. And is based on a novel.
I hope you like it!
Sure, Hayao Miyazaki wrote and directed The Phantom. Are you interested in either of those?
Ponyo is a drama starring Xander Berkeley, and William Faulkner.
Unfortunately, I do not have that information at my finger tips but I can tell you that he also starred in The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
You're welcome!
I don't know too much about it but I know he competed for China in the 2012 Summer Olympic games
I am not sure about that. I do know he participated in the 2012 Olympics.
No I do not. Is there anything else that I know of?
I can't remember their time but I do like their coach Kyle Shanahan. Did you like the Giants?
Yes they are very good, but my favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks. Have you watched the Super Bowl?
I love baseball! I am a Redskins fan and I think the Rangers are one of the best teams in the league.
Not much, I know it's a German sports club based in Munich. They have a game this coming Saturday.
Not really. I'm more of a soccer fan. I prefer American football.
I like the Denver Broncos. They are a good team. Do you like them?
Horse and His Boy isn't it? But it's kind of a children's literature.
Well there are 6th grade for sure, it is really good. You should give it a try!
You're welcome.
She's wrote In Her Shoes, a drama. Also, her work is Mostly Harmless. Have you read any of those?
I am not familiar with her, but I know she is from Canada.
Okay, I think you might enjoy that one. She also wrote In Her Shoes. It is about a girl.
Have a great day!
Great, and she has quite a few entries.
Have a good day!
The author of Odd THomas is Dean Koontz.
Well, it's actually a series. It's part of a series. The next book is Odd Thomas is Odd Thomas. It's also part of a series.
Rob Zombie wrote that one as well. It was released in 2008.
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. It's a historical novel.
Yes, it is starring Woody Harrelson, Emma Thompson and Jane Austen. Would you like me to add it to your list?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Titanic stars Leonardo DiCaprio and is written by James Cameron. Do you like James Cameron?
You might also enjoy the movie True Romance. It's one of my favorites.
Yes, it was! Divergent was written by Veronica Roth.
You like her movies like Divergent?
Oh, yes! She starred in The Proposal and Step Up. Have you seen either of those films?
Yes that's true. Did you know she starred in The Proposal with Sandra Bullock?
The Proposal has genre Romance
My pleasure to help
Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors and The Secret Adversary. Do you like fiction books?
They Do it with Mirrors has the genre comedy-drama.
The Mystery of the Blue Train by Agatha Christie is a good one.
Yes, I love her. She starred in The Special Relationship and The Queen. Have you seen either of them?
Yes, it also stars Ralph Fiennes and Matt Damon. Do you like any of those actors?
I see. Ralph Fiennes also starred in Red Dragon and Punch-Drunk Love.
He directed, and produced Red Cliff. It was an Action film starring Takeshi Kaneshiro.
Red cliff is a fantasy film, is that what you are looking for?
Well, Red cliff is also a war film written by Luo Guillermo and is also a war film.
You are welcome!
Sure, Madagascar has a genre of Science Fiction and Action. Do you like these genres?
He was in Madagascar : Sequel: Up in the Air. Up in the Air is starring Darnell. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
The Stand is a popular one he directed. It's a drama.
i believe so, The Worlds End is a science fiction action film as well. Do you like science fiction?
I do not know Shaun of the Dead is a movie by Edgar Wright but its a psychological thriller and sci-fi movie. Do you like those types of movies?
I hope you enjoy
Did you know he's from Long Beach, California?
He is a basketball player from Oklahoma City.
He is called Point guard for the Seattle Seahawks and won an NBA All Rookie Team
A Grief Observed was written by C.S. Lewis. Lewis also wrote Till We Have Faces
He also wrote Till We Have Faces, The magicians Nephew and The Horse and His Boy.
You're very welcome!
Andy Murray is a very good tennis player.
I don't have information on that, but I know he is from the London Olympics.
I didn't know that. Is he a tennis player?
I haven't seen that one, but I will have to check it out. I know he did a lot of tennis players like Serena Williams and Roger Federer.
He wrote Fast Food Nation : The Dark Side of the All-American Meal and starred in McLibel
Yes I am familiar with Walt Whitman. He was a journalist as well.
It is classified as children's literature and historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
Sure. He starred in The Skulls. It's a thriller.
I love that Adventure movie. Have you seen it?
Yes, he is in both of the Fast and the Furious movies. Paul Walker also starred in The Death and Life of Bobby Z.
I don't have that information, but I do know he passed in The Death od Satan
I sure can! Peter Krause starred in We Don't Live Here Anymore, The Truman Show, Civic Duty and Beastly. Would you like more information about one of these?
I don't know any more about The Truman Show but I do know it was written by Peter Krause.
You're welcome. I hope you like it.
No I haven't. But I heard he is an athlete who plays cricket
Welcome to the World, Baby Girl and I still dream about you are great books that I would suggest. You read them?
It was released in 2012 and is a drama
I currently don't have any information on any other psychological thrillers.
You're welcome
That's a great film! It was written by Joel Cohen and is such a wonderful animated movie.
Anything else I can help you with?
I have no other information on it, only that it is an animated movie.
Absolutely. Do you like Memento because it's written by Jonathan Nolan?
Thrillers include Shark Night, xXx, and xXx. Do any of those sound good?
Vanilla stars Conan O'Brien and Cameron Diaz. Is it a thriller?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Jean M Auel wrote The valley of hoarse which is genre fantasy. also the shelters of stone.
Definitely! It's a Historical novel set in the steel towns of America. Another great book is A Tale of Two Cities. Have you read that?
Yes, it was. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Yes, Its by Rick Riordan and it's a Young adult fiction book. To you want to here more about books like this?
Sure! He wrote The Son of Neptune and The Titan's Curse. Are you familiar with either of those?
Yes, he did. It is a similar book to The Lost Hero. Would you like to hear more of his books?
I don't follow soccer that much. I do know he is a midfielder from Germany.
Didn't he play on the German national football team?
I don't know much about him either. I do know he is a midfielder.
not much of a football fan. who is your fav player?
i like soccer but don't follow enough to know much about her. who is your favorite player?
I love that movie! I watched all those movies like Wildcats.
She wrote Pretty Little Liar the genre is Teen Drama, do you like teen drama?
Yes, she is. It's a famous comedy about her life.
No problem. Glad to help
I haven't read National Treasure, but I heard it was written by Orson Scott Card.
Yes that is a great movie. It was released in 2004.
Yes that is a great movie. He was also in The Wedding Date, have you seen that one yet?
I'll add it now.
You're Welcome!
Absolutely, East of Eden, The Pearl of the World and Travels with Charley: In search of America is all wiritten by John Steinbeck. Do you like these?
It is a Fiction Romance novel
The novel was published in 1991. I recommend reading the book first.
I know that Chelsea is a member of many people.
Wow. I didn't know the team is owned by Thomas F. Wilson. I don't follow football too closely.
I'm not sure. I don't know much about it, though.
Not sure. However, they are coached by London as well.
They're good. Pete Carroll is a good coach. What do you think?
I like him he wrote Der Zauberberg and Buddenbrooks: Verfall einer Familie
I would recommend both Radiance and Warbreaker.
Yes, he did and it's a Romance novel.
Yes they were released in 2014
Awesome, hope you enjoy.
It's a good movie. It's a Thriller starring Robert Downey, Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal
If you like Robert Downey Jr., he also starred in the movie Zodiac. It's a crime Thriller.
If you like crime Thrillers, you might also enjoy Without a Trace. It is one of my favorites.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes! Bryan Singer directed The Usual Suspects, X-Men, X-Men 2. X-Men 2 starring bruce davison
Sure! Bryan Singer directed the movie X-Men 2.
I can tell you that it is a Thriller if you like that genre.
I like super hero thrillers, do you know any other actors?
You are welcome, have a great day!
That's a good movie. It was produced by David Ayer. He also produced it.
Yes, a couple of my favorites are The Last Airbender and The Hunt for Red October. Have you seen those?
Those are all great movies to watch. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Enjoy!
Sure Terry Gilliam wrote The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus which has genre in Adventure. Do you like adventure films?
Adventure is an action film, starring Charlize Theron. It was released in 2002.
Sure
You're welcome
Sure, The Lucky One is a romantic drama written by Will Fetters and Nicholas Sparks, are you interested in these genres by any chance?
Have you read The Notebook or The Best of Me?
The Wedding was released in 2002 and is in the romance genre.
Yes, Zane Grey is a Psychological thriller.
your welcome.
The Wolf of Wall Street stars Leonardo DiCaprio, do you like it because you like his movies?
This movie was released in 1999 and is also a film directed by Peter Hyams.
Great, enjoy the movie!
Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
Have you read The Clan of the Cave Bear because it was written by Jean M. Auel?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Callum Rennie starred in eXistenz, warcraft, and The Young and Prodigy.
Yes, Callum Rennie starred in eXistenZ. which is a comedy.
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was written by Vladimir Nabokov. He also wrote Lolita and Pale Fire.
It was written by Rick Riordan. It's considered a children's literature.
Merry Madagascar is a good one, which is also a mystery novel
Yes, Gillian Flynn also wrote Dark Places. She's from the United States
The Scar is a mystery book written by Lee Unkrich and released in 1843
It was directed by Kurt Wimmer. Do you like Kurt Vonnegut Jr.?
He also directed The Theory of Everything
The King is a drama and action movie directed by Lames Marsh. The sequel to The King is Brandon Sanderson
Total Recall is an older movie released in 1990. Would you like to watch it now?
I don't have any suggestions for movies he's starring in but he was in The Jungle Book and The Witch.
He was in The Scarlatti Inheritance and The Cat in the Hat.
You are welcome.
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories ?
Yes, it is a thriller. Are you interested in books in that genre?
I don't think so. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, Brave was directed by Roland Emmerich. If you like his work, you might also like The Incredibles. Have you seen that one?
The sequel to Brave is The Maze Runner. The Killing Room is also a fantasy movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know he is a soccer player and has played for Real Madrid and Fluminense FC.
I am not sure about that. I don't really follow soccer.
Yes and Luis Bruin is also on it.
Yes, he wrote The Bourne Identity. I have not read that yet. Have you?
Yes, she wrote a book called The Shadows, which is a historical fiction. Have you read it?
It's a drama! Its directed by Rick Riordan. It's a full length movie.
Certainly! Enjoy.
I'm aware that he's an athlete that plays cricket, what do you know?
I don't know anything about cricket, I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
It seems like they are playing well in the other teams. It should be playing hard to keep up with them.
Yes, She wrote If You Take a Mouse to the Movies, If You Give a Pig a Pancake and many other titles.
Yes it was released in 1985. That's the same year If You Give a Mouse a Cookie was released. I highly recommend it.
I don't know. I do know that If You Give a Pig a Party was released in 1985.
No problem! I am happy to help.
No, I do not. Is there any information that you are looking for about him?
No, I don't have that information. However, Simone Elkeles wrote at least one of her books.
Perfect Chemistry is written by Roald Dahl. What other books do you like by her?
Harold Ramis wrote, directed, and starred in the movie Ground Control
Since you like comedies, you may want to check out Happily Ever After. It is also a very good movie.
Since there is a comedy movie with Bill Murray in it, you should check it out
Steve Jobs was written by Walter Isaacson.
If you like that one, you might also enjoy The Living Dead or The Last Days of Downtown.
He wrote The Lost Hero, which is a good read as well.
Hello, yes I think The Night Circus is a good novel. It is a fantasy
Yes, it was written by Nicholas Sparks and made into a movie starring Miley Cyrus. Do you like books by Sparks?
Yes, he also wrote True Believer and Three Weeks with My Brother.
That book is called True Believer and was released in 2003. Would you like to read it?
It is a Crime Fiction/Thriller.
No problem!
David Levitt is a great cowboys fan. Are you a fan of them?
I actually don't know much about the Cowboys. I know they are in the NFC South division.
Yeah, they are very talented. Would you like to know more about them?
Yes, he's an Indian International Cricketer who was a very well rounded player
Yes, he was in that movie as well and also wrote The Mists of Avalon.
I recommend The Bourne Identity. I highly recommend that one.
Sure, Go Set A Watchman and Silent In The Grave are similar.
Yes Harper Lee
Your welcome.
I'm a big fan of badminton and I loved watching the 2012 Olympics. What about you?
No, I haven't.
Yes, I have heard about Serena and Serena Williams.
I love him! I especially enjoy his earlier music with Maroon 5
Yes, she is. I love her music. Levine is my favorite artist.
He has also starred in the movie What Happens in Vegas that I highly recommend.
Xander Berkeley, Omari Hardwick and Nicholas Cage starred in Kick Ass.
It is a Thriller.
It was released in 2010.
Nicolas Cage actually produced and starred in a romance movie called Lord of War.
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a comedy and Nicolas Cage is a comedy.
He is in Nicolas Cage first and also in Lord of War.
You're welcome
No, I haven't heard his music but I know that he is very talented, he is a songwriter too.
I like him but don't know much about him. I know he is from Zakira.
That's very cool. I have never heard of him. Is he a good writer as well?
I can recommend a movie Chaos, it is thriller. Have you ever seen it?
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a good one. It's a thriller. Have you seen it?
It is also a thriller and mystery, and it was directed by David Ayer.
Glad I could help. Enjoy the movie!
Gangs of New York starring Tim Pigott-Smith. Tim Pigott-Smith starred in Quantum of Solace.
Yes, I can. This movie has Liam Neeson in it as well. If you like Liam Neeson, maybe you should check out The Big Man.
This movie is directed by Steven Spielberg and was released in 1999. I don't know a whole lot.
You're welcome
I cannot, but I can tell you that The Great Gilly is by the same author, Christopher Bigsby. Have you read it?
If you are looking for other books by the same author, I could recommend Zoe's Tale.
I would recommend A Christmas Carol if you like fiction.
If you like fiction you may want to check out The Looking Glass Wars.
Sure, it was written by Mark Twain, and is considered children's literature. The Adventures of Tom Sawyer is also a film adaptation.
Lucia Graves wrote La sombra del viento an el juego del angel. Have you read those books>
Sure! It was released in La sombra del viento and it has a genre El juego del angel.
That's great, I hope you enjoy!
Sure! I hope you enjoy.
Of course, she's an author who wrote The Muppets. Have you heard of that one?
It was released March 24, 1986
The Muppets is drama/fantasy
The Muppets is a musical comedy and she also starred in War Horse
I have not really followed them much as it seems they float around between the AFL and the NFL.
i think Lamar Jackson is a good athlete. Do you like him?
Then I'll have to check it out. Thank you for the information.
Do you like Spirit Bound because it's a paranormal romance, or because it's urban fantasy?
I think you might enjoy The Golden Lily or Succubus Blues which are also Young Adult Fiction.
Shailene Woodley and Sam Trammell both starred in the Fault in Our Stars.
Young Adult Fiction books are also considered a children's literature. You might like that one as well.
Yes I do! Lois Lowry wrote it.
Lois Lowry also wrote; Gathering Blue, Anastasia Krupnik and The Giver. The Giver is Young-adult fiction as well.
The Giver is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Christopher Bigsby wrote The Crucible and All My Sons have you seen those?
You might also enjoy The Crucible by Christopher Bigsby.
Sure! Do you like Wes Anderson movies or or romance films in general?
He wrote The Royal Tenenbaums and Winter's Tale.
Some of the stars include Ashton Kutcher and Tim Matheson
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it was written by Quentin Tarantino.
It stars Roger Avary, Samuel L. Jackson, and is a drama, do you like these genres?
He is also on the Mist and the Lawnmower Man.
Sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that he is a writer and a film producer.
I liked her in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Have you watch that movie?
She was also in Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow.
You're welcome!
Yes, I love her. Her music is very Influential but she is also a talented actress.
You should try Girls in Love, it is a very interesting dance-pop album.
I'm not sure, but it's been a while since I've heard some good songs.
Yes, Colleen McCullough wrote The Thorn Birds and The First Man in Rome.
The Thorn Birds was released in Rome in Love. the Animated Film has genre Drama and Thriller.
The House is a great one. You should check it out
Alison Doody starre in A View to Kill and A prayer for the Dying. Have you heard of these?
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade was released in 1997
River Phoenix was also in it. Do you like any other action movies?
your welcome
Are you looking for other books by J.K. Rowling, or do you just prefer the fantasy genre of the book?
How about Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire? It's a couple of my favorites.
You're welcome
Daphne du Maurier wrote Rebecca and My Cousin Rachel.
Rebecca was released in 1938.
Yes, she was.
Yes, I like him in This is 40.
The Muse is a great movie! Did you know he also starred in The Muse which is a Romance film?
I do! They are both hilarious.
Great! I think you'll enjoy it!
That was a great movie with Steve Carell in it. Do you like him?
Yes, he has and it is great. Another movie he has done is Monsters, Inc. Have you seen that one?
Not a problem. But he was also in Zoolander, which is a comedy. You are welcome.
Sure! Wilson Rawls wrote Sense and Sensibility, which is a fictional novel. Do you like those genres?
Susan Meissner wrote Wintergirls. It is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
You are welcome, enjoy!
You are welcome, have a great day!
Are you interested in it because it is directed by James Cameron or because it is Action movie?
Absolutely! Matt Damon and Robin Williams also starred in I, Robot. I would suggest that one.
You are welcome. You are welcome.
Well, I'm a Niners fan, sadly, so I'm not really watching the AFL much. Who's your favorite team?
Tom Brady and Patriots lost to the Patriots recently.
Tom Brady was a great player as well. He was married to Gisele after his wife, Gisele.
He had some good movies like Yellow Submarine. Did you know that Paul McCartney acted in this film?
He wrote all of the Magical Mystery Tours.
You might enjoy The Black Dahlia then. It is an action movie.
I have The Black Dahlia and Waiting to Exhale. Both are comedies.
Wonderful. Then you might like Tropic Thunder since it is my favorite.
You're welcome.
Enjoy your movie time!
Pearl Harbor was released in 1973 and was written by James Patterson. It is a Romance film.
I am not sure. There is another movie with Pearl Harbor that you might enjoy.
Yes, I love that movie. It was written by Chris Columbus. Would you like to know more about it?
There is a sequel called Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
Gremlins was written by J.K. Rowling. She also wrote the whole harry potter series.
You are welcome. Enjoy the movie!
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
Oh, I don't know him. Is he a point guard for the Golden State Warriors?
It sure does! Steve James is one of my favorite basketball players. I love him.
I haven't seen it yet. Is it a good movie like Space Jam?
I do, she wrote the Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
It has genre Science and Psychological Thriller.
You're welcome, enjoy.
The Denver Broncos are coached by John Fox and Chris Hemsworth. Have you heard of them?
Yes the Packer is a Packer.
I like basketball and football. What about you?
Robert Duvall starred a few Americam Film like tha Apostle, God Father. Have you seen this movie?
Yes, it also starred Larry Crowne and Farrah Fawcett. It was also made into a movie.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I'm not a big fan of his. I only know that he is dating Cameron Diaz. Do you like her?
I think he did. He's a great actor. He's also a musician and a model.
He's been in quite a few films. I like skating too. He's been in a number of things. Like Water for Elephants, The Sensation of Sight, and The Lakers.
I sure can! Total Recall has a genre of thriller and science fiction. Would you like titles related to these genres?
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy The Old Curiosity Shop. It has the same genre as Total Recall.
The Adjustment Bureau is starring Nick Cassavetes and Christopher Meloni. It is considered science fiction as well.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
I know he is a quarterback from Texas other than that...
I do not follow football much but I do know he is a wide receiver.
Didn't he star in Wildcats with Liam Neeson? I haven't seen that one.
Yes, I have heard of it. I think it is a paranormal romance, urban fantasy, young adult fiction book. Do you like any of those genres?
I am not sure about that
She also wrote The Sacrifice and The Golden Lily
You're welcome
Do you like Young-adult fiction?
The Hunger Games has the genre Young-adult fiction.
Sure, a couple of good ones are The Hunger Games and Mockingjay. Have you seen those?
I am sorry, I do not have any information on any other books by him.
Another children's book is To Your Scattered Bodies Go. It's a funny one.
Yes, he also wrote Ant-Man and The Perfect Storm.
The Brides of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories are popular books that he wrote.
You're welcome.
Bruce Greenwood starred in The Republic of Love with Gary Farmer.
I don't have any more information on that movie. But I do know it was written by Kate Chopin.
No problem. Enjoy!
Are you referring to the football player for the Green Bay Packers?
I don't have that information either. I do know Aaron Rodgers has a brother named Jordan Rogers.
Mike McCarthy also played for the Green Bay Packers. He was a great player though.
Yes, she wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read either ?
I don't have any information on any other horror books, but I can tell you that Elizabeth Kostova also wrote The Historian.
I don't have any information on that, but I can tell you she was influenced by Truman Capote.
You are most welcome.
The book was written by Nacy Bond and is a Speculative fiction. Are you interested in this genre?
Yes, in fact the same story and it is in the children's literature genre, as well as children's literature.
Yes and it is a series by William Wordsworth and was released in 2008.
Absolutely, enjoy and have a great day.
I am not a big basketball fan but I do know Jay-Z owns the team.
Ok, I'm not sure. But I know he was in the NBA Rookie of the Year award.
That's cool. I've heard The Golden State Warriors are my favorite.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by Steve Kloves. Would you like to read it?
Yes, he did. Wonder Boys was also written by Steve Kloves.
Yes, Linkin Park is still a book with Tim Blake Nelson.
The Road is a post- apocalyptic fiction book. Is that what you are looking for?
Have you read X-Men 2 or World Without End? They are both Science fiction.
The Road was written by John Scalzi and was released in 2008.
He normally writes speculative fiction books.
I am not sure but he did write science fiction books as well.
You're welcome.
Do you like Tom Hanks as an actor?
Tom Hanks also produced the movie That Thing You Do. He also produced it!
There is actually a version of that movie written by Stephen King starring Tom Hanks
You're welcome!
Yes, she wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants.
I haven't seen that one but if I'm honest she is a good writer, she also happens to be an artist and a model.
I haven't seen it but Parks and Recreation is a parody show as well. Do you like those type of shows?
I'm not sure, but it was Tina Thomase also starred in Think Like a Man.
Yes, that's where you heard of it.
Yeah. I know she plays the forward position in soccer/football but not much else.
Woody Harrelson is an American athlete who plays midfielder and is also a forward. I wonder what sport he plays for?
Yeah. She is a woman. She has a lot of celebrity friends as well.
I enjoy her song Your Love is My Drug. Are you a fan of her?
Yeah, me too. I like her when she had a baby when she was with Keira Knightley.
Oh, I like Yellow Submarine too. I know that he is a song writer, right?
Yes, Beatrice Sparks wrote Go Ask Alice.
Yes, that was the year that released You Are Not So Smart.
It was. The same year that The Wild Life was released.
No problem, enjoy.
Similar to Ray Bradbury, I know he wrote The Martian Chronicles, and The illustrated man
Yes, it is speculative fiction. Would you like a recommendation for another book with that genre?
Yes, they are by Ray Bradbury.
Anything else I can do for you?
Enjoy!
Yes Freakonomics and Horrible Bosses a very funny film
Stephen Dillane starred in Freakonomics. Would you like to know more?
I believe he plays on the Real Madrid C.F. a Portugal National Football Team.
Really? I don't know much about soccer but I do know he is married to Irina Shayk.
Yes, she is. Did you know she was born in London?
Total Recall has a genre of thriller and science fiction. Would you like titles related to these genres?
Arnold Schwarzenegger also stared in The Terminator, Predator, and To Kill a Mockingbird.
Great question! Arnold Schwarzenegger is playing the main character along with him.
The genre is Speculative fiction do you like that genre?
Ella Enchanted has genre Speculative fiction and Drama
The genre is fiction and drama.
You are welcome
Irwin kershner wrote The Return of a Man Called Horse and Never Say Never. Are you interested in either of those?
Robert Pattinson and Reese Witherspoon both star in it.
William Lucking starred in The Return of a Man Called Horse.
Well, he wrote madame Bovary a romance. Do you like romance books?
It was released in 1856, do you like his books I recommend some other ones.
I am not too sure when it was published, but it's a Sci-Fi novel.
I'm not sure but I do know that it's a Speculative fiction.
Yes of course it written by Kurt Wimmer do you like his work?
Yes he was
I have not seen that movie I will have to check
Heart of Darkness is written by Joseph Conrad and is a Fiction Novella.
I would recommend The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer. But he also wrote The Last Man.
Yes, it is. I hope you enjoy it.
peter pan
It was released in 1904, the same year as The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
Yes, J.M. Barrie also wrote Tender is the Night, which is another popular play.
No, I'm not sure. If you haven't read anything by J.M. Barrie, I can give you some information on the title.
you're welcome!
Emily Bronte wrote The Professor, Shirley and Villette.
It truly is a classic! It is more of a Gothic Fiction and Fantasy. Do you like those type of books?
Sure! I hope you enjoy them!
Sure, one that I'm familiar with is David Copperfield. Have you read that one?
Charles Dickens was a great author. He also wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop, have you read those?
You're welcome. Anything else I can help you with?
Blood Promise is a young adult fiction book by Richelle Mead.
Yes, it is written by Richelle Mead.
I believe the genre is young adult fiction.
I would recommend The Golden Lily and Succubus Blues. Both are considered young adult fiction.
He is a tennis player and from Switzerland. Did you know he was in the Olympics?
Not really a tennis fan but I do like Venus Williams. She is also a musician and a model.
That's amazing. Will you have a great day!
Blake Griffin is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Do you like basketball?
Oh wow, he is a point guard right?
Wow, I am not sure. I do know that Steve Ditko is also a basketball player.
These books are from the Fantasy genre. Something Wicked This Way Comes has a similar feel
Recommendations in the Fantasy genre are; The Golden Compass, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone.
You are welcome
Yes, The Help was a novel written by Tate Taylor and released in 2007. Would you like to know more about it?
She was also in The Help, which was a Psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
Viola Davis also starred in The Help, which is a very popular film.
Joseph Kosinski wrote and directed The Ghostbusters which may be similar.
I like the song Red River. What is your favorite musicals?
Yes he did, and he also starred in Ghostbusters II.
You are welcome!
Pat Conroy is a great writer. Did you know he wrote The Water is Wide and The Prince of Tides?
I'm not sure. What genre do you like about the book?
Flannery O'Conner is a writer. She wrote The Things We Do for Love.
the genre is children's literature.
Your welcome.
Yes, she starred in the movie Aliens
Bill Paxton starred in Zodiac which is a crime fiction film. Do you like action?
If you like Tombstone, you may also like Dead Poets Society. It's a very good film.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Pride and Prejudice is written by Jane Austen. Would you like to read it?
Pride and Prejudice has genre Romance Novel. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards, Rules of Attraction
There are many books in this genre that you might like including Twilight and The Chemist.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Paul Verhoeven is a movie staring Brad Pitt. Would you like to know more about him?
RoboCop is a thriller. He also directed The Last Stand.
Total Recall is a science fiction/fantasy film that was released in 1979.
You're welcome!
Snow White and the Huntsman was written by John Lee Hancock and stars Sam Claffin.
You are correct. Did you know that Snow White and the Huntsman was written by Ray Winstone?
Yes, that is a fantasy series. Do you like fantasy movies?
Miguel Artela had a big role in that movie. Do you like any of them?
I'm not sure, but I do know that Shiri Appleby also starred in Harvest of Fire which is a comedy.
Have you seen the other Hobbit movies?
Have you seen the other Hobbit movies?
Sure, the Golden Compass was written by Philip Pullman.
Happy to help.
Okay.
Yes, it was directed by Tom Cruise .Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he did. That movie stars Johnny Depp. Are you a fan of his?
The Long Goodbye is a good one. I think you'll enjoy it.
No problem!
Total Recall has a genre of thriller and science fiction. Would you like titles related to these genres?
Total Recall has a genre of thriller and science fiction, do you like these genres?
Patrick Swayze was also in the movie.
You are welcome.
Yes, I do. It was owned by Bill Neukom and it's a Major League Baseball team.
Oh. I believe they both drafted Kenny Phillips. Did you know that?
I'm not much of a baseball fan. What about you?
Denzel Washington and James Wilcox star in the Equalizer.
Sure, she is starred in The Handmaid's Tale, The Giver, and The Handmaid's Tale.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that it was released in 1999.
You're welcome.
I don't know a whole lot but I know he competed for China in the 2012 Summer Olympic games
Yes, he's from China. Are you a fan?
Yes, it is. He was in it as well!
He wrote The Adventures of Tom Sawyer
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer is another great book. It was released in 1851.
Mark Twain is quite similar. He also wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
Sure, he wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, and the Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
Enjoy
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She has other books, Do you like the Romance genre?
Sense and Sensibility, Persuasion, and Pride and Prejudice are some of his most popular novels.
Its a romance novel.
The Hunt for Red October was written by Tom Clancy and has genre Historical period drama. Would you like to know more about this book?
It is a Romance and Historical Fiction.
You're welcome!
Ben Stiller wrote Zookeeper and starred in it. He also wrote Tropic Thunder and The Secret Life of Bees.
Yes he was, and he was hilarious in Zoolander. Do you like comedies?
Yes, he was in that movie with Ben Stiller. It is an animated film.
Thank you, I hope you enjoy it!
I like all of her music. Did you know she was in a movie called Crossroads?
I didn't know that. Isn't Kevin Federline who is your favorite artist?
I have heard of him in a while, but haven't seen him in a movies that I like. Are you familiar with his work?
The Terminal is a drama. Are you a fan of dramas?
It is a romantic comedy, released in 2012. Do you like romance books?
Yes, The Terminal is a very funny movie. I can recommend a few other movies starring Tom Hanks.
You're welcome, enjoy!
sure, he starred in Tom Horn, The War Lover and the Reivers, what genre of films you prefer more his drama or action?
It came out in 2002. Would you like to know who else was in it?
Great I do not have that information right now. Seems you know him from The Hunger Games?
You're welcome! Enjoy.
Heart of Darkness was written by Joseph Conrad and has genres Novella and Fiction. Do you like these genres?
Mary Doria Russell
The Name of the Wind is a picture book by Eric Carle.
Are you interested in the genre of parody or movies of the same genre?
It was written in 1900.
F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote the Wizard of Oz. He also wrote The Shadow of Oz.
Yes it is a Tale of Oz. Have you seen it?
Ok great, let me know if you need anything else.
Yeah, I think he's a very good player. I don't know much about him except he plays for the Argentina national football team.
That's a fun sport to watch. If I'm a fan of tennis, I need to learn more about him.
I agree. Louis van Gaal is a great coach. I wonder if he and Jet Li are friends?
Yes, Tom Hanks is the lead. He also starred in The Polar Express. Have you seen that movie?
Sure. Would you like to know about any of the movies he has directed?
Sure. Anything else I can help with?
He directed The Perks of Being a Wallflower. Do you like the Romance genre?
Emma Watson was in it.
Yes she was. She was also in The Perks of Being a Wallflower.
I'm not sure, but I can recommend another movie by Stephen Chbosky if you like.
You're welcome.
Yes I do. It's written by Anne Rice, and it stars Brad Pitt and Tom Cruise
Tom Cruise also starred in Vanilla Sky and The Last Samurai.
Andres Iniesta is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a forward for Barcelona and the Brazil national team.
Is that the team owned by Magic Johnson and Frank McCourt?
Yes they are a Goof team.
That is true. The Giants are a great team.
Yes it does. The world series is fun to watch.
Oh, I adored that movie. It starred Meryl Streep, Emily Blunt and Anne Hathaway. Do you want something with a similar cast, or do you want a recommendation based off genre?
Then you'll like Aline Bronna. She also wrote Children's Literature and I Am Legend. Do either of those interest you?
Enjoy.
Sure, he starred in Treasure Planet, The Three Lives of Thomasina and The Phantom. Are you looking for any particular genre?
Yes, that is correct. Martin Short starred in Treasure Planet. He was also in Catwoman, have you seen that one?
Sure, The Legend of Zorro stars Tony Cox and Rosa Salazar, to name a few.
William Friedkin directed The Hunted, The French Collection, and The Exorcist just to name a few.
It is a Biographical film. Would you like to watch it?
Same here! I really like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
You're welcome!
Pearl S Buck wrote The good Earth. Did you know she was also a teacher?
Yes, it is a romance film. Do you like romance movies?
No, that movie is in Black-White.
Sorry I could help.
I know that Kevin McHale is one of their major players though
I like most sports , but I also like football
I love all sports, do you like to watch tennis?
He directed Little Miss Sunshine.
He also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
Little Miss Sunshine has a very diverse but memorable cast. It's considered a drama, a psychological thriller and a drama.
Alan Arkin also starred in True Grit and The Big Lebowski.
Yes she is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
She is currently number 66.
You are welcome, have a great day.
I think you meant Michael Biehn right? He was a Journalist.
Sure! Ralph Steadman was the author of The Green Mile and also wrote the book The Mouse on the Mile. Have you read them?
He also wrote a book called Neverwhere. Have you heard of it?
You're very welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
Did you like the book because it was Speculative fiction?
She also wrote Fairest and The Two Princesses of Bamarre
Yes it is a fantasy novel
The Two Princesses of Bamarre is a Fantasy novel also written by Gail Carson Levine.
I'm not a fan. I like winners... like the Patriots
I don't know who he is, but John Fox is a former coach of the National Football League.
I think he will be a free agent.
yes, He is a football player, his position is forward
He plays for the Argentina national football team.
I'm not a big Manchester City Fan. I do know they're coached by David Platt.
Certainly! What books do you like about it? Jeff Kinney, the author of Diary of a Wimpy Kid:Greg Heffley's Journal, also wrote The Long Haul.
I unfortunately don't have that information at this time but it is a romantic comedy.
Enjoy!
Apocalypto is a war film written and directed by Francis Ford Coppola. It is a Thriller. Do you like The Godfather genre?
I don't have any information on what else he directed, but he wrote The Passion of the Christ which is a really good movie.
Sure! The Passion of the Christ is starring Hristo Shopov as well as Maia Morgenstern.
Sure, no problem!
Divergent is from the Utopian and Dystopian fiction genre. Would you be interested in other films in that genre?
I would recommend The Missing. It's a young adult fiction
You are welcome.
Yes, that's correct.
Cecelia Ahern wrote it. It's a good novel.
Yea, she also wrote Where Rainbows End.
It is a fiction. Do you like that genre?
Do you like Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone because it is an adventure movie?
Cool! The Golden Compass is written by Steve Kloves, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Philip Pullman wrote the movie and Philip Pullman wrote the screenplay.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Renny starred in Cuttroat Island which happens to be a family film
Yes, you are correct. He also wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight.
It also stars Tom Amandes and Zima Hayek.
You are welcome.
Not really, but I like her song Chandelier and Titanium with David Guetta.
I like Hayao Miyazakio and Kyla Pratt. Do you have a favorite singer?
Didn't Ricky Martin play the piano too?
It was written by Jojo Moyes. Do you like the author Jojo Moyes?
Me Before You was written by Cosmi Picoult. She also wrote The Invisible Man and The Time Machine.
I do not know who starred in that movie. But I do know it was directed by Marc Foster.
I do! She's a Danish tennis player and was a former world No 1 in singles. She's a fantastic player
I agree. Do you like her sister Serena?
Yes!
I think Mike Woodson is a good coach. Do you like them?
Oh, yea he is a good player too.
I haven't seen it I know too much about Hoop Dreams.
Yes, he is a great football player form Wales.
I watch it sometimes. I like American Football. What about you?
It is a great movie. You should definitely watch it if you like Jerry Maguire.
He wrote The Water is Wide
The Water is Wide has genre Historical fiction
He also wrote The Water is Wide
Not a problem
The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
OK, Fear Nothing was written by Rick Riordan. He also wrote The son of Neptune.
It's a Science Fiction book. Do you like that kind of book?
Sure, you're welcome.
Oh yes! That's a good one. It is written by Stuart M. Kaminsky. What else can I tell you about it?
Once Upon a Time in the West was written by Mickey Knox and it is a Speculative/Science Fiction.
Unfortunately I don't have much information on that, but I do know it was written by Mickey Knox. Would you like to know more about him?
It's a great movie. It stars Sofia Coppola and Robert Duvall. Do you enjoy crime fiction?
To Kill a Mockingbird, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Manchurian Candidate are some of these are dramas.
The Manchurian Candidate was written by Robert Mulligan, and released in 1960. It is a thriller.
The Manchurian Candidate was written by Richard Condon. It's a thriller.
That is a Zombie Film starring Leonardo DiCaprio. Are you a fan?
Yes he is a composer/DJ. Some of his work is Where Have You Been and Yeah x3. Do you know his work?
Yes, he is actually from Dallas. Do you like his music?
Andy Murray is a really good athlete. I think he is one of the best players in the world.
I like tennis. I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer. Do you like them?
Woody Harrelson, I think he is a great tennis player.
Do you like docudramas? She is a famous author.
The genre is Non-fiction
You are welcome
You like Rob Riggle? He starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys.
I don't know what type of song she sings, is she a singer?
Yes, you're right. Do you like his lyrics Toy Story?
I haven't heard of Shakira, but I do like Sia. She's a great singer. I like Sia's song Love Me. Do you have a favorite of her songs?
I haven't heard that one. I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the info!
All I know is he is a cricket player. Not really a sport that I follow. Do you like the sport?
What sport do you like?
Yes, she was in that movie! She is a talented actress.
Absolutely! Bob Peck starred on Jurassic Park, Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow. Have you seen those?
Yes, Bill Paxton was in it as well as starred in it.
Yes, that movie was a great movie. Kevin Costner and Kevin Costner were also in it as well! Do you like him?
That's right. It was released in 1989.
Of it's genres, do you prefer Fantasy or Adventure?
The Hobbitt: An Unexpected Journey is a fantasy film by James Patterson, based on his books. Have you seen it?
It's a drama/romance released in 2004. It was directed by Joel Coen, if you like the Hobbit.
Yes, he was in that one as well. Do you like science fiction movies?
No problem!
Yes, it was released in 2003 and was written by Sophie Kinsella
She also wrote Wedding Night
True Grit is a drama Novel by her. It's similar to The Undomestic Goddess.
Would you like to know more about The Pact?
You're welcome!
I know he plays cricket, but I haven't ever really watched it before.
I am not a fan of cricket but I do know he plays on the India national cricket team.
I like football and baseball. But, I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
Sure, did you like Sharp Objects because it was written by Gillian Flynn, or because it was the genre Suspense/Mystery?
I don't have that information, but I do know she wrote Sharp Objects and Dark Places.
It is, it was released in 2015.
Sure. Dominic Copper starred in Warcraft and The History Boys.
Yes, it is a musical theater film. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Michael Stahl-David stars in Warcraft. Did you know that?
You're welcome. Enjoy.
Anne-Marie is a singer. Is that who you mean?
I think The Chicago Cubs are an American professional baseball team based in Chicago, Illinois
Yes, I love the Giants! It was so exciting when they moved to LA but the Giants were coached by John Farrell.
I haven't seen it but I heard it's great. Then, you should definitely check it out. It's really cool.
That's a good one as well!
It came out in 2013, but I'm not sure.
Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Small Steps. They are both childrens literature. Do you enjoy reading that genre?
It was released in 1989 which is the same year Mary Higgins Clark released While My Pretty One Sleeps.
It is a children's literature. Do you like children's literature?
Yes, he is a good golfer. He won the 2010 PGA Championship and he also won the 2005 PGA Championship.
Wow he is a great golfer. Did you know Phil won the 2005 PGA as well?
I agree! He is a great actor. She also starred in Tin Cup.
Sweet! I liked that movie. We bought a Zoo is a great movie.
The Time Machine, The Invisible Man and The War of the Worlds are some of his notable works.
I dont have that information but if you like sci-fi you might also enjoy X-Men: The War of the Worlds.
Yes I love Caddyshack. Did you know it was also written by Harold Ramis
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
It stars Jennifer Lawrence and Liam Neeson. Do you like them?
He is a pretty good shooting guard, plus he won the NBA sixth Man of the Year Award.
Yes, that is a great book. I think it is about a guy mistakenly thought to be a shooting guard
You're welcome.
I don't really like them. I think they are the most arrogant team in the MLB, and I don't like them.
The Yankees play in the American League East and have not played in the World Series since 2003. Are you a baseball fan?
Baseball is a great choice, it looks like they are currently playing the Seattle Seahawks and won the World Series in 2012.
It is a Psychological thriller starring Matt Damon and was released in 2010.
i know Robert Bloch was a star in both and was also a film producer. He did an amazing job in it.
I do not have that information but i can tell you that Alfred Hitchcock directed and starred in the movie The Trouble with Harry
They are one of the best football teams, did you know their coach is Ryan Giggs?
Yes, he is. They're owned by Greg Schiano and Greg Schiano.
Yes they both are. Did you know their coach is John Payton?
Sure! Rocky is a family drama film. Do you like it because it is a drama film?
He starred in The House of Mirth, Lolita, and Catch-22. Have you seen any of these?
Creed is a romance film, directed by Joel Coen, starring Mark Wahlberg.
Your welcome, enjoy!
Michael Crichton is not only an author but a film producer and director as well. He wrote the book Disclosure. Does this interest you?
The Great Train Robbery is a Drama and Thriller, It was released in 2012.
You're welcome!
I don't know. I'm sorry. He's a great actor. Did you know he stars in The Good Doctor?
Nicole Kidman and Robert Duvall also star in it
He also starred in the thriller Breakfast at Tiffany's
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen and the genre is Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
From what I can tell, it's a romance novel.
Falling Down is a good one by Jane Austen. You like that one?
The Time Machine was written by H.G. Wells, who also wrote Pride and Prejudice.
He directed Safety Not Guaranteed
It is considered a thriller and a romance. Do you like that genre?
Cloverfield is such a thriller as well. You may like Catch-22 which is an action thriller.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I liked him in Things Behind The Sun. Did you see that?
I'm not sure about that. I think Kensit also starred in Repo Chick and Pulp Fiction.
Yes, it is. It's a drama and a biography.
That was a great movie! I think you'd enjoy it.
I liked them better when Jason Witten was playing, but they're still a pretty good team. Are you a Cowboys fan?
I saw them play the 49ers.
Breathing Lessons is another great one.
He directed Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. Great movie!
He also directed Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. It stars Harrison Ford and Anthony Daniels.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that one. Are you interested in any other movies he was in?
Gillian Flynn. She's from the United States.
He also wrote Sharp Objects and Dark Places. I couldn't find any others.
Yes, Gillian Flynn also wrote Dark Places. He also wrote Dark Places.
Yes, I do agree.
Yes, I like science fiction. I am going to add these to my list.
Great. Have a good day!
He plays cricket and was recently named Cricketer of the Year.
I don't know much about him, other than he is from India. Do you know a bit about him?
I haven't heard much about cricket though. Can you tell me a little about it?
I have not, but I would love to. I like to learn about it. I'm more of an American Football fan.
I'm actually more of a football fan. Do you like football?
You too!
I do know that Kevin McHale is one of their major players though
It is a drama. Looper is also a film.
Yes, Warlock is a great movie. If you like Warlock you might also like The Purge. Have you seen that one?
It is a zombie movie. Would you like to know about more zombie movies?
Great. Anything else I can help you with?
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like his work?
He wrote A Beautiful Mind, The Beautiful and Damned, etc.
Erich Maria Remarque wrote Im Westen nichts Neues, and Drei Kameraden
I think so. It was released in 1944. That's a great read!
Yes, it does. There is a book in English that may interest you if you'd like to read it.
You are welcome. Have a great day.
I know she is great at tennis and is dating golfer, Rory McIlroy
I like basketball and baseball. She has a brother named Rory McIlroy right?
Yes, Williams sisters play tennis in high school. Both Venus and her sister are very talented.
Yes I love it. I watch tennis from time to time.
I agree. I love the fashion.
Is that written by Tennessee Williams, and part of the Southern Gothic genre?
Tennessee Williams also wrote Cat on a Hot Tin Roof too
Williams also wrote Cat on a Hot Tin Roof and The Glass Menagerie
you are welcome
Sure! Do you like books by Tana French? She also wrote The Likeness.
The genre is fiction and children's literature. Do you like those types of books?
You're Welcome. Enjoy
He is a good author. He wrote Thirteen Reasons Why and The boycott. Have you heard of either of those?
He has been in a number of films including The Shawshank Redemption, Pocketful of Miracles and The Hunchback of Notre Dame.
Yes, David Ayer starred in Harsh Times as well as Ayer.
Sure, Pale Fire and The Prestige are two good ones
No problem
I do! The Minnesota Vikings are coached by Mike Zimmer and a part of the National Football League.
The Vikings are second in the NFC North along with the New England Patriots.
I like the New England Patriots, but my husband loves the Saints. How about you?
Andrew Garfield starred in The Social Network and The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you seen them?
The Social Network starred Justin Timberlake and Jeff Bridges.
The Social Network is a Biographical Drama and Thriller.
I'm not sure but I can tell you The Social Network was released in 2010.
It is a drama, and a biography genre.
Steve Buscemi wrote 2010 and stars in the movie 2010.
You're welcome!
Life of Pi is a 2012 drama/fantasy directed by Ang Lee.
I did not know that. She also starred in The Black Dahlia which was a romantic comedy.
I don't have anything else he wrote, but Tobey Maguire did star in the movie, The Ice Storm.
It is a young-adult fiction book written by Christopher Paolini, have you read it?
Yes, Paolini is a Young-adult fiction novel. He also wrote Eldest.
You are very welcome, have a great day!
Yes The Girl of Fire and Thorns by Rae Carson. What else can I do for you?
It was released in 2016. Do you like thrillers?
Wonderful. Enjoy!
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion, which was released 1817
Indeed she did. It's been made into a movie so far. I'm not sure who else wrote it, but I do know that it was released in 1817.
Yeah, I have. Would you like to read it?
I believe she plays professional badminton. I remember when I heard that people played badminton professionally, I couldn't believe it. I used to play all the time as a kid.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on any other players.
I'm not sure but I do know that the number 1 team is the most popular players in the world.
Malcolm Gladwell also wrote What the dog saw and other Adventures.
He directed Seven Psychopaths? Do you like dark comedies?
Yes, he is a scientist and poet.
Yes, he wrote The River Wild. Have you heard of it?
Robin Williams starred in Mrs. Doubtfire. Have you seen it?
Have you seen We Bought a Zoo? It's one of my favorites and I highly recommend it.
It stars Woody Harrelson, Cameron Crowe, and Cameron Diaz.
Will do happy to do that.
I love the Simpsons! It's an animated movie. There's also a tv film adaptation of it as well.
It's more of a Gothic Fiction genre. Other examples are Z for Zachariah and Wyrd Sisters.
Yes, they are both great poems.
I'm not a big football fan but I do know they are coached by Pete Carroll. Do you like them?
Wow, that's interesting. Did you know they were a football team?
No, they haven't. They are a pretty good team.
Yes it's a very good movie. I stars Sandra Bullock and Ryan Reynolds.
She stars in a lot of movies like Miss Congeniality, Two Weeks Notices and Miss Congeniality
Sure, Oceans 8 starring Matt Damon is a great proposal.
The Sum of All Fears and Without Remorse are great books by him.
It is actually a novel by Charlaine Harris in the romance genre.
Yes it is! It was also written by Tom Clancy. Have you heard of him?
They are owned by The Madison Square Garden Company. Are you a fan?
The team is owned by Steve Tisch and John Mara.
They are a part of the NFC South.
You're welcome
It was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Ralph Fiennes and Colin Farrell.
I would recommend Minority Report, if you liked him in that. He also starred in Minority Report.
I actually haven't seen those movies that I've seen are good. I think you will enjoy them. Have you seen the movies?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I really don't like them. It's my least favorite team in the AFC West, and I hate their mascot Miles.
John Fox, he is a player on the Denver Broncos. Are you a fan of him?
Sure, it has Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, and Michelle Rodriguez in it. Do you like them?
I do like that one. Would you like me to add it to your list?
I love Matt Irby. He was also in Undercover Brother. Have you seen that one?
I will.
Have you seen the whole series? Do you like Sci-Fi?
I think it's based on the book.
Okay, a couple good ones are The Giver or The Giver.
No problem!
Sure, He's an athlete, a professional golfer from Dallas, Texas.
I didn't know he was a person from Dallas. Is he a sport team?
Yes it is! Do you know if he played with the Manchester United F.C?
Yes, she wrote I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings which is a very popular book. Have you read it?
Yea, I believe she's a poet.
Sure, it was first published in 1851. It's a great book.
Of course, I hope you enjoy them!
I think he wrote она и мир.
James Franco is a wonderful actor. His most well-known role is probably from Spiderman with Toby McGuire. Have you seen that version?
Yes, This is the End stars Rose McGowan and James Franco. It is a romantic comedy. Do you like fantasy comedies?
It is a comedy. Do you like comedy movies?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
You're welcome!
He plays for the Chile national football team. Do you like soccer?
I don't know much about him except that he plays midfielder position. Do you like football?
Yeah that was great movie. It was written by Kiera Knightly too
I really liked her in that one. She also starred in Horton Hears a Who!
Sure, it was written by Rick Riordan, it is a young-adult fiction book.
Yes he did and it is a great book! The Sea of Monsters was also written by Percy Jackson and the Olympians
It is a young adult novel written by Rick Riordan as well as The Lightning Thief
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society
there is no much information about that
Mary Ann Shaffer also wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society. It was released in 2008.
I do! He starred in Imagine That. Have you seen it?
Ray Bradbury wrote many books. What kind od genre are you interested in? Speculative fiction, Short Stories
I haven't read Fahrenheit 451 but Fahrenheit 451 is a romance novel
It was released in 1953
Sure, hope you like it
He plays for FC Barcelona, right? Other than that, I do not know much.
No, I have not. Do you have any idea of him?
Is that the movie written by Adam Sandler?
Definitely. Grown Ups is really funny. Especially with Steve Carell in it. Do you like him?
Yes, she was in Frida. She is actually a very talented actress.
Joe Morton wrote What Lies Beneath and Thoughtcrimes. Would you like to know more?
Beneath was directed and also starred in Shark Night. That is a thriller.
Great. Total Recall is also a fantasy movie. I think you will enjoy it.
Your welcome.
Yes, Saina Nehwal is a famous badminton player from India. Are you a fan of this sport?
Yes, he was in the 2012 Olympics.
He is from the London 2012 Summer Olympics too.
I do, do you like Thor because it stars Natalie Portman?
Good choice. Robert Downey Jr, Chris Hemsworth were also in Iron Man. What do you think about him?
He starred in some great movies like The Avengers, Avengers: Age of Ultron and Captain America: Civil War
The Assassination of Jesse James Franco is a good one.
He is a writer and poet. He wrote The Butterfly Effect.
The Butterfly Effect is a psychological thriller that you might like.
I don't have that information right now. I know the Final Destination is about a psychological thriller that stars Eric Brees. Eric Brees is a screenwriter for the Final Destination.
William Scott wrote, directed and produced The Final Destination.
Sure, October Sky is a Crime Fiction / Drama produced by Steven Spielberg. It is about a boy whose paths cross. It sounds like a good movie.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
She's great. But, I haven't seen her in a movie called Crossroads.
Emir Kusturica also starred in Pauly Shore is Dead. It's a great movie.
It was a movie that also starred Robert De Niro and Rebecca Hall
300 is directed by him.
I don't have that information, but Pencil 300 was released in 2001. It is a war film.
300 stars Michael Fassbender and Gerard Butler to name a few.
Gerard Butler starred in this movie.
Yes, it is a good movie. It stars Kill Bill: Vol. 1 and Michael Douglas
Vivica A. Fox and David Carradine starred in it. Do you like them?
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion, which was released 1817
Yes! Another one is Sense and Sensibility. It was written by Sarah Dessen. Have you read it?
Yes it is a good example of Sense and Sensibility.
Sure, it is written by Cassandra Clare and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes, The Shadowhunter's Codex is another book written by her.
I'm not sure but it was written by Neil Gaiman
Tom Cruise starred in Mission impossible Rogue Nation so if you like him he also starred in Valkyrie.
Yes he was Days of Thunder is a romantic comedy do you like this genre?
You might enjoy The Last Samurai starring Tom Cruise.
You are welcome
I think they are a good football team. I haven't watched much basketball lately.
I have been a fan since I am a Dallas Cowboys fan. How about you?
Yeah, I'm a Niners fan for sure. My favorite team is the Redskins. I haven't been to many games this year.
The book was written by Jodi Picoult, who also wrote The Plain Truth.
There's a film adaptation of The Tenth Circle. Would you like to see it?
No, I don't have any information on that one.
I don't watch much soccer but I do enjoy watching the Dortmund match. Do you know who is he?
I haven't watched any sports but I do know it is really good to watch. The team is coached by Thomas Müller.
I agree, it is a lot of fun to watch.
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing. It was good.
The Sweet Far Thing is speculative fiction and The Diviners is fantasy. Do you like these genres?
I'm sorry I don't have anything else in the fantasy genre but I do have Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Yes Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je här and Zert.
Yes, Milan Kundera is from Poland. He was born in Warsaw.
No problem. Anything else I can help with?
I know he is a quarterback from Texas other than that...
I'm not sure but I do know they are coached by Tom Benson.
You're welcome.
Yes she is
Yes, Michael Wie is a female golfer from Honolulu.
Wow, I did not know that. Thanks for the info. I will look into that.
Yes, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like action movies?
I don't have any information on that one. But Mike Starr was in it. Have you seen it?
Sure, it was released in 1999.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Isn't he married to Cameron Diaz who starred in Shrek 2?
I think so. Do you know of any other songs from him?
I think so. I'm not sure. Do you have a favorite song of his?
Do you like animated Disney films?
The Golden Compass starring Ian McKellen is a Fantasy movie.
The Running Man is also a Disney film. It's written by Peter Hyams.
Sure, she wrote The Ship of Brides and also The One Plus One. Have you read either one?
It is a Fiction/ Speculative fiction.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Sure. The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books. The next in the series is The Marvelous Land of Oz.
I have not, but would you like to know more about The Wonderful Wizard of Oz?
I will do that. Thank you.
I like Rafael Nadal, he's a great tennis player.
I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer. What about you?
I think Marat Safin is a very good tennis player.
You're welcome!
Sure! He wrote some of the most popular books titled : The Return of Sherlock Holmes, The Lost World, and The Valley of Fear.
Great question! The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was released in 1892. It's a detective fiction.
Yellow Wallpaper was written by Arthur Conan Doyle. Would you like to know more about the novel?
He wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke. Do you like his work?
Have you read The Ruby in the Smoke? It's a mystery novel.
Yea, I think you're very welcome.
The Insurgent is written by Veronica Roth. Would you like to hear more about her?
Veronica Roth also wrote Insurgent. It was released in 2012.
Yes it was released in 2012. For sure you will like it too!
You are welcome. Anything else I can help with?
I have heard of him he composed Jar of Hearts didn't he?
I like all of her music. She wrote A Thousand Years and Lovestrong
I dont think she has a band. Do you know if she sings or acts?
I can, actually! I know Thor starred Chris Hemsworth and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Wyatt Earp is a great movie, also starring Chris Hemsworth.
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts. Have you read those yet?
The Gathering Storm is another good one. Have you read it?
Where There's Smoke is a Fictional novel.
Yes, he is a soccer player and has played for Real Madrid and Fluminense FC.
Yes I do like the Premier League. Who is your favorite player?
I like the Patriots a lot. My favorite team is the Redskins. What about you?
I do not like Cleveland, but i know some of the players.
I know he coached the Chicago Bears. I can't remember when he was with the team, but I do like football. How about you?
I don't know too much about his, but I do know he is a good coach for the Browns.
He directed Dead Poets Society with Robin Williams and also Witness with Harrison Ford. Which actor do you like best/
Yes he did and Peter Weir also directed Witness. It is a drama/crime/action movie.
She's a good actress. I liked her in Spring Breakers and Ramona and Beezus
I like the song Love Song. What is your favorite song?
Of course! Lois Lowry is a good one and its a drama.
Yes, Lois Lowry also wrote; Gathering Blue, Anastasia Krupnik and The Giver. The Giver is Young-adult fiction as well.
Yes, it is a great read. It was written by Orson Scott Card and is a Science Fiction novel.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome
Yes. Rosemary Wells wrote Charlotte's Web which has co-authors like Garth Williams and E.B. White.
It was! Rosemary Wells also wrote the movie Charlotte's Web which is a comedy.
You are welcome!
Bradly Cooper starred in The Words, a thriller. He also starred in Warcraft. Do you like thrillers?
He also starred in What's Up Doc.
Sure. Submarine is written by Michael McKean, and is a drama.
He was in Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back.
Anytime!
Sure that was written by Douglas Adams. Do you want to know more books written by him?
I highly recommend The Restaurant at the End of the Universe and The Restaurant at the End of the Universe.
Of course! The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Universe is a Science Fiction novel released in 1968. It was directed by Adams. Would you like more information?
Sorry, I don't have that information. Would you like to hear more about The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul?
Absolutely! I hope you enjoy them!
they are a great kpop band. do you like them?
I like Nsync, they are very popular and they are a lot of different genres.
I like them too. They have a good vibe.
I think they are a pretty good team. Do you like Football?
Yes, he was a linebacker. Do you know if he was a linebacker or not?
I'm a fan of sports. I like the Bears. Do you have a favorite sport?
Well, James Frain who is in it is also in Transit (Crime Fiction Film).
Other science fiction action films are; Wolverine and the X-Men, The Animal, and Terra Nova.
You are welcome.
L.A. Confidential is a thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like thrillers?
The Silence of the Lambs is also in the Suspense genre.
You are welcome.
Taxi Driver is an American movie starring Tom Hanks and Johnny Depp. Are you a fan of this actor?
Sure, it is a comedy too. Meet the Parents is a comedy by James Patterson, do you like him?
Yes, that is a great movie with Denzel Washington. It is about a girl who moves to a small town and falls in love with a widower.
You are very welcome, please enjoy
Sure! He directed Unlawful Entry which is a really good movie.
Yes that's correct. He also starred in Avalon High which is a Romance film. Do you like Romance films?
You might also enjoy Rebecca and Gone with the Wind.
The Pianist is a drama. Would you like to watch it?
You are welcome
Oh yes she is an amazing athlete. I do like Vera Zvonareva better though, she has beaten Wozniacki before.
No, I had no idea. What genre is that?
American Gangster also starred Brad Pitt. It was written by Terry Pratchett.
I actually don't remember when Serena live was in Palm Beach.
Yes, he directed the movie The Illusionist. Were you aware that it's a thriller?
It's a psychological thriller.
You might like The Killing Room. It's a suspense film as well.
You're welcome.
Sure! Do you like Young-adult fiction books?
Have you read the next book in the series?
It was written by J.R.R Tolkien. It was released in 2012 and is in the Speculative Fiction genre.
Of course!
Sure, another book like Silence would be Broken Silence.
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! Did you like Pandemonium because it was written by Lauren Oliver or because it is a speculative fiction genre?
You might also enjoy Winter's Tale. It is part of a series.
It was written by Dan Brown. Would you like to read it?
You're welcome. Enjoy the book!
Yes, I love her music! Did you know she starred in a few movies? She was in Who's That Girl.
Yes it was Vanilla Ice. It's a good movie! Madonna is also involved with Sean Penn.
I think so. It was a good song.
Yeah, you should check it out. It's very funny.
I will have to check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
Sure, Burn After Reading stars Matt Damon and Josh Brolin. Do you like them?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
It is written by Henning Koch and released in 2012.
Yes it is in English.
Britt-Marie var här written by them and released in 2014.
Sure, James Patterson wrote Zoo and You've Been Warned as well as many others. Are you a fan of his?
Can I help you with anything else?
It was released in 1981 and directed by Agatha Christie.
Do you like Forrest Gump because it stars Tom Hanks?
He's been in a lot of movies. He was in The Post and The Circle. Have you seen those?
It's directed by Tom Hanks. He also directed Larry Crowne. It's a very good movie.
You're welcome!
Sure! Darren Aronofsky directed, wrote and starred in the hit movie Requiem for A Dream along with Hubert Selby Jr.
It is a drama starring Evan Rachel Wood and Evan Rachel Wood
Mickey Rourke starred in Requiem of a Dreams and the Wrestler.
Yes, he directed Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that? It stars Robert Duvall.
Sure, some of the actors in Apocalypse Now are Kristen Wiig and Thomas Lennon to name a few.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on the genre for that movie, but Apocalypse Now is a political drama.
Sure it was released in 2005 starring Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie Pitt. It is a Romantic Comedy do you like this genre?
It is a thriller starring Matt Damon.
Of course! Other thriller movies include Shark Night, xXx, and eXistenZ.
You're welcome.
Yes, she's written The Pillars of the Earth which is a thriller and drama. Do either of those genres interest you?
Vanessa Redmayne, Matthew McConaughey, and Anna Kendrick.
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I have not really followed them much as it seems they float around between the AFL and the NFL.
They are ok. I saw them play today. What sport do you like?
Belich, isn't he? He coached the Chicago Bears though.
Yes, Charlize Theron and Tom Hardy star in it. Do you like them?
That is correct a great movie! It also stars Ben Stiller and Michelle Pfeiffer.
Yes, she is also a musician and a model.
I'm not sure who Nicky Katt is in it, but it is a Justice league and he also starred in The Scarlet Letter.
My pleasure.
E Lockhart wrote The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks, and the Boyfriend List. Have you read any of those?
It was released in 2014
Other books by E. Lockhart include the Liars and The Silence of the Lambs
You're very welcome
Do you like it because it is a drama or a crime fiction?
Just like The Running Man and The Maze Runner books.
Yes, it does. It's also a film.
It was definitely a German language movie. It was also a Thriller and was directed by Roland Emmerich.
I'll add it right now.
Yes, he is a great football player form Wales.
It's actually more of a Midfielder. Are you a football fan?
No, I did not. I'm more of a football fan myself.
Sure, she is a musician, lyracist, and composer. I am not familiar with her work though.
I haven't heard much of her music but I'm more of a rock fan.
I am sorry, I do not know much about her music.
Yes, it was written by Mike Mills. Do you like him?
I have not seen that one, but if you like The Silence of the Lambs I know it was written by Anthony Hopkins.
I do, especially The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys. Have you seen that one?
Emily Griffin is an American professional basketball player for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association. Are you interested in basketball?
It was released in 2012 and written in English.
Yes, it is a movie. Emily Griffin was also in it, and the movie was directed by David Ayer.
You're welcome.
Kazuo Ishiguro wrote Never let me go.
I'm sorry, I unfortunately don't have that information.
I think so. It is a Zoe's Tale.
Your welcome
He is a Polish footballer. He plays for Legia Warsaw. Do you like soccer?
He plays the Midfielder
He was born in Warsaw
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren. what else can i do for you today?
I'm sorry I don't have much information on that. But I do have other information about Kiera Cass' The Selection.
You are welcome, hope you enjoy!
You are welcome, enjoy!
X-men is an action movie. Do you like it because it's a sci-fi film?
I also like Action movies like The X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you heard of them?
Hugh Jackman and Laurence Fishburne were in it. Do you know them?
I think so. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, Gone Girl is written by Gillian Flynn. She also wrote What Do You Do and Sharp Objects.
Good to know! It was released in 2013 and is a science fiction. Have you read that one?
You're welcome!
Have you watched Zathura: A Space Adventure, A Dog of Flanders ? They are adventure movies.
It was written by Orson Wells. It's part of a series.
It is a Fiction, similar to Zoe's Tale.
Sure, The Tipping Point book is a book that was written in English and released in 1973
Malcolm Gladwell also wrote What the dog Saw and Other Adventures.
Yes, he does. Are you a fan of his?
You're welcome.
Sure! Doug Liman directed both Fair Game and Swingers. He also produced Fair Game as well as The Bourne Identity.
Fair Game is a drama.
The Mists of Avalon is a great action film.
Diane Keaton, Jane Adams and Jeff Bridges are in the movie
He directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, and Amadeus. Would you like to see something he was in?
Yes, he also wrote Amadeus, which is a historical fiction.
Yes, I can. Enjoy the movie.
C. S. Lewis wrote it and released it in 1953. He also wrote The Chronicles of Narnia - the Lion, the Witch, and The Wardrobe. I think you'd like it too.
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is a fantasy book, released in 1950. It is the next in the series, The Chronicles of Narnia.
The Silver Chair was released in 1953. It is a part of the series, The Chronicles of Narnia series.
You're welcome!
He is an athlete who plays cricket for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
I am not a big fan of cricket. I prefer just watching a match from time to time.
I have not. Is he a good player?
I love him! I especially enjoy his earlier music with Maroon 5
I don't know of any movies he starred in. I know he is also a musician, songwriter, and television personality.
He has starred in movies like The White Album, Up in the Air, Ghostbusters, Trolls, and The Other Woman
It was written by James Frey. Do you enjoy speculative fiction?
Sure, he's also written Endgame: The Calling.
You are welcome. It's a great book.
You are welcome.
Michael Crichton is not only an author but a film producer and director as well. He wrote the book Disclosure. Does this interest you?
hes written alot of science fiction
it is a thriller
you're welcome!
I do not know much about him other than he plays German football.
I like American Football. What about you?
Then I also like soccer and football. What is your favorite team?
Sure! Ken Kesey wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest & he starred in Go Further.
Yes he is! He wrote "The Gathering Storm" he was also a writer as well.
I don't have any more information on that one. However, Ken Kesey is also a scientist and from the United States.
Sure! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Paulo Coelho is a Columbian writer and he wrote The Alchemist. Do you like that book?
He wrote The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson.
It's a fiction. You should check it out.
You're welcome.
Yes, G.O. Tom Brady is a professional footballer who plays as a striker for the New England Patriots.
Matt Damon and Dan Scanlon starred in it as well. It is a comedy.
Eva Mendes was also in the comedy Fog City.
Yes it is a great movie. It starred Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Cruise. Do you like war movies?
Bradley Cooper was in American Sniper and was also a producer on The Voice. Have you seen it yet?
It is a drama and a comedy. It's really good.
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. Martin Scorsese wrote The Assassin and the Desert.
Sure. Gangs of New York starring Robert De Niro is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You might also like The Handmaid's Tale. Have you seen that one?
You might also like the animated version of the novel by Robert De Niro.
Sure. It also stars Sean Penn. It's a comedy that you might like.
It's a good adventure movie, also starring Adam Carolla and De Niro.
You're welcome.
Yes, all three of the films, plus the Christmas film Toy Story That Time Forgot, are available.
Yes. He starred in That Thing You Do and also in That Thing You Do.
Yes, he produced Larry Crowne, and it is a Romantic Comedy.
It is a romantic comedy and it's a Drama.
I would have to say that it is a great movie. Anything else I can help you with?
You too!
Yes I do! I highly recommend Kingdom of Heaven.
Yes I can. Liam Neeson also starred in Wrath of the Titans and Unknown.
The Lord of the Rings was produced by J.R.R. Tolkien.
You are welcome, enjoy!
I think they are one of the worst teams in the AFC north.
Yes, he also won the Super Bowl XLVII though.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. They are having a good season so I'm not sure.
I am a Yankee fun, I believe that says at all lol. The Red Sox are coached by John Farrell and Tom Werner. Do you like Baseball?
Yes they are from Monmouth Beach. Have you been to any of their games?
Agreed. Anything else I can help you with?
I did not see that one. I will have to check it out. Thank you
He wrote The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, A Princess of Mars and some more. Are you interested in any of these books?
Yes he did. He also wrote The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson.
You are very welcome. Please let me know if you need anything else.
Would you like recommendations for movies similar to Divergent?
Thrillers similar to Divergent are; The Hunger Games, The Giver, and The Long Walk.
you are welcome. Enjoy your movies.
Of course! Do you prefer Fiction or Fantasy?
Goonies starred Steve Antin, Robert Davi and Richard Donner to name a few. Anything else you would like to know?
Yes she is! I love her music. Did you know she recently starred in a movie called Muppets?
Yeah, he is. I think he is a musical producer.
I have never heard of that , but I will check it out. Thanks for the info.
Are you referring to the book The Namesake written by Jhumpa Lahiri
Yes, I like fiction. It is also speculative fiction.
It is also a thriller. You should check it out when you have time.
Dr. Seuss wrote The Lorax and The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss. Do you like any of these?
Theodore is a children's literature written by Therese Raquin
Yes The Lorax was released in 1999
There is one Welcome to the Monkey House if you liked it.
You're Welcome
I'm actually not that big of the AFC West teams. Are they your favorite?
I don't really know much about the Redskins. Who is their quarterback this year?
It is a thriller written by Alex Garland. Do you like thrillers?
He also wrote Inception, which is a great book.
I am not sure if he has made any movies that he has made. However, he is also a film producer and a scientist.
Great! I hope that you enjoy them both.
My favorite is Gangster Squad.
It was released in 1942
It is a crime fiction
Your welcome
I do, actually. The book Luftslottet som sprängdes was written by Stieg Larsson and Reg Keeland and was released in 2007.
You might also enjoy Luftslottet som sprangdes.
Yes, Agatha Christie wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes, have you read it?
He wrote Seven Samurai and directed Seven Samurai. Do you want to hear more titles?
From what I can tell he's only directed one of the Yojimbo movies. He also directed Seven Samurai.
Two Kites is similar, and Samurai is in it.
Anytime, have a great day!
The Good, the Bad, the Weird is a great one similar to Oldboy.
Confessions is starring Jennifer Lawrence. Anything else i can do for you?
Annie Hall is a comedy film starring Kevin Corrigan. anything else i can do for you?
you are welcome
They're OK. They're coached by Wayne Weaver. Do you like them?
I like the Denver Broncos.
What do you think of the Redskins?
Yes, I do he was very talented and an all around performer. He wrote Dancing on the Dream which is one of my favorites.
Yes I have not seen it but I know it was filmed in the early 2010's and is a comedy
Yes, I think he was also in a movie called No Country for Old Men.
Yeah, Scream is a horror. Do you like Horror films?
Then you might like Fantastic Mr. Fox. It's also a horror film.
Brad Pitt also starred in Troy, have you seen it?
I do like them. The team is coached by John Farrell.
Kind of, I like the Orioles, too. Who's your favorite player on that team?
Oh. They're only one game up in the AFC right now.
He is best known for his movie Night Watch, and then he also wrote Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter.
Sure, it is a thriller directed by Brian Reeves and it is starring Michael Shannon. Do you like thrillers?
Great, I think you'll enjoy it!
Oh yes, he wrote X men 2 a sci fi movie.
That is correct. Would you like to know more about Hugh Jackman?
That's right! It was written by Stephen Sommers.
I can! Douglas Adams was written by David McRaney. He's a great author.
It was released in 1986, the same year as The Green Mile.
I don't have much information on that, but I can tell you that The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy was written by Douglas Adams
ok great enjoy!
What a great movie! Are you a fan of Marlon Brando?
Ok. He wrote Apocalypse Now, which was directed by Joseph Conrad.
Marlon Brando is great. He starred in Apocalypse Now, which is a thriller.
Great! Marlon Brando is known for starring in The Godfather Part II and Apocalypse Now.
Yes, he also produced The Godfather II.
That is an excellent choice. The House of Mirth is another great drama that you might enjoy.
I used to like them a lot under Brett Farve as their quarterback. Since he retired, they're just not as exciting.
Oh yea that's interesting to know. I know he was a member of the Olympic sports team. With his name I don't follow football too much.
Who is your favorite team? I am a fan of Pittsburgh too.
I don't have a big fan of football but I do know they are owned by a woman Virginia McCaskey. They are in the NFC East.
Ok, I'm actually a Bears fan myself. Did you know they are in the NFC South division?
I like baseball too! I'm a Padres fan.
That movie stars Zooey Deschanel
They both starred in Beautiful Creatures, which is a romance film. Do you also like this film?
You Again is a Lie. It was written by Robert Louis Stevenson and stars Tom Hanks.
Yes, The Namesake is written by Jhumpa Lahiri, have you read it?
Have you read The Namesake by J. D. Salinger? I heard it was good.
Xenocide is a science fiction novel by American writer Orson Scott Card.
I'll add it now
Thomas F. Wilson starred in Zoom. are you into Science Fiction movies?
Thomas F. Wilson starred in this film also in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
Enjoy!
I do. He is a good singer. He composed The Christmas Blessing, He also composed for the movie Footloose.
God Gave Me You is a good singer. Do you like it because he's from Nashville?
I don't know where he played. However, I do know he started as a guitarist.
Yes I can. She wrote Pretty Little Liar the genre is Teen Drama, do you like teen drama?
Yes, it was called Pretty Little Liars. It's a comedy drama and was made into a movie.
I'm not sure. However, I would recommend The Tailor Soldier and The Mask. Both of these are dramas.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I think they are a good team. Especially having Peter Reid in their team. Do you like them?
I love America football. My favorite team is the Redskins. Do you like football?
Exactly! I don't know much about college football. Do you like Army's quarterback?
I don't know much about them. Who are their key players?
I think Mike Tomlin is a great coach. I also like his brother, Tomlin. He's an amazing coach.
I didn't know that! I'm more of a fan of his, what about his team?
Yes he starred in The Storm and Thelma & Louise
Sean Penn and Zach Galifianakis were in it. It was a great movie.
You got it. Enjoy!
You're welcome!
Laura Esquivel wrote Como agua para chocolate and she is also a teacher.
That was also the year it was released
Yes she did, and she also wrote it as well!
You are welcome
The Memory Keeper's daughter original language is English
Kim Edwards was born in Killeen, Texas and Penned the book.
You're welcome.
Sure, he wrote Defending Jacob.
Have you seen it? It's a movie too. It's a thriller.
It's a thriller. It's about a serial killer called the case of a murderer.
Well, Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors, was this what you had in mind?
It was released in 2004
Your welcome
Sure, he wrote many great works like Romeo and Juliet, The Tragedy of Othello, The Moor of Venice to name a few.
What You Will is a drama/romance novel by William Shakespeare.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
He's directed many films such as The Imitation Game and Headhunters. Do you like his work?
Headhunters stars Rory Kinnear and Benedict Cumberbatch as the headhunters
Cool, enjoy the movie!
Sure! A Thousand Splendid Suns is written by the same author!
Sure, he also wrote A Thousand Splendid Suns and The Mountains Echoed. Have you heard of either of those?
Great, enjoy!
I don't have any information on where he's from.
He is also a Director and a Dancer, he was also in the movie Brokeback Mountain.
The movie is about a murderer who arrives in a deserted ski lodge in the south. It is a very intense film.
Enjoy.
OK. Have a great day.
She starred in Wonder Women 2017, also in Solider 1998
The Situation is a historical period drama that was released in 2009. Are you interested in that genre?
Sure! Situation is added to your watch list. I hope you enjoy it!
He is ok. He was in Friends with Benefits and The Social Network.
It was a snowboarder and also starred by Will Smith
Wasn't she on that show with Will Smith? I remember watching that one too.
Yes, it was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
It's speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Do you like the author Harper Lee or the genre fiction?
Then you might enjoy The Passage or The Confession, which are also fiction.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Last Lecture was released in 2008 a non fiction genre. It shows it was written by two different authors.
That's right, he did star in the Star Trek series.
Sure, I'll add it now.
Yes, Jonathan Levine directed The Wackness, starring Mary Kate Olsen. It's a romantic comedy
The Wackness is a drama and comedy. Do you like those?
The actors of Wackness are Amy Sedaris and Jennifer Lawrence. Do you like these actors?
I hope you enjoy it!
Have you read The Man in the Iron Mask or Rob Roy?
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror are some of his work. Have you read it?
Not sure, but you might also like The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. Are you familiar with this?
Great, I will add it to your list.
I remember he directed a suspense thriller movie in the late 1980s called Frantic. That movies starred Harrison Ford
Would you like to hear about other movies he wrote?
It was released in 1999
Writter Suzanne Collins also wrote Gregor the Overlander and Mockinjay.
Jack London wrote Toy Story 3. It is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
It sure did. Anything else I can help with?
You're welcome.
Sure! Donnie Darko is a Sci-Fi movie written by Richard Kelly and stars Seth Rogen along side Mary McDonnell. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
He was in the movie True Grit and The Usual Suspects.
Yes he was in it as well!
I am not sure. But I know Judd Apatow wrote, directed, and produced Knocked Up.
I'm not sure when it was released.
Of course! She wrote Frankenstein. It also goes by the title The Modern Prometheus.
Frankenstein is an old piece that was released in 1818.
It is written in English and is also a great book.
You're welcome!
Fight Club is a romance novel written by Jim Uhls and Chuck Palahniuk.
There are several, including Brad Pitt, Edward Norton and Edward Norton.
You're welcome, I'm happy to help.
Yes. He wrote Im Westen nichts Neues in 1929.
Yes. Erich Maria Remarque is a German author, he wrote Arc de Triomphe. He has written Im Westen nichts Neues, and Drei Kameraden.
You are welcome. I hope that you enjoy it.
Edward Zwick directed The Siege.
Yes, he is. He was also in The Siege. Are you a fan of his?
Yes, Edward Zwick is in Denzel Washington's other movies. He was also in Thor, and The Great Debaters.
You're right. Snoop Dogg was in Training Day.
Yes he was in Volcano High.
No problem!
I like their mascot Mr. Met. Do you like them?
I see. I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
I like baseball too. Who is your favorite team?
Sure! He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
It was released in 2005 and written by Stephen J. Dubner
I don't have that information unfortunately, but I do know it was written by Stephen J. Dubner
Of course. I hope you enjoy it!
I know he wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly as well as Once Upon a Time in the West.
I think so. Eli Wallach also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
He also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that one?
Absolutely. The Good, the Bad and the Ugly and Once Upon a Time in the West are also great movies with the same genre.
Yes, at the moment. Let me know if you need anything else.
No problem. Enjoy.
The writter Kurt Vonnegut Jr. wrote Timequake and Welcome to the Monkey House. Have you heard of them?
I don't know any other Authors, but Kurt Vonnegut Jr. wrote Welcome to the Monkey House have you heard of him?
Then you might enjoy Welcome to the Monkey House, it is in the genre of speculative fiction.
He has directed several movies like There's a Wocket in My Pocket, When a Stranger Calls, and many others.
Daniel Radcliffe starred in it. Do you like him?
I believe so. If you like thrillers, you'll enjoy The Civil War.
Sure! He starred in Unlawful Entry and The Vatican Tapes.
It came out in 1990, and starred Carmen Argenziano.
It also stars Carmen Argenziano. It was released in 2001.
Brad Garrett starred in Underdog ,The Pacifier,The Country Bears and The Clockwork Girl among other movies
Underdog is a science fiction film starring Marc John Jefferies, Jeff Bridges, and Alison Brie. It is a thriller
Jay Leno has also starred in Wreck-It Ralph, and The Mask. Have you seen any of these movies?
They are. Didn't they win the Super Bowl last year?
If I'm not mistaken Philley is the owner of Philadelphia Eagles. They're owned by Jeffrey Lurie.
I usually watch football, but I usually like to watch the Seattle Seahawks.
I like the Washington Redskins and New York Giants.
Ara Celi has most notably starred in American Beauty, alongside Peter Gallagher, it's a Drama and is really good!
It also stars Annette Bening. She is a great actress.
Yes, it is. This movie is based on a true story.
I do too, it stars William Hurt and Ty Burrell.
You might like The Incredible Hulk starring William Hurt and Ty Burrell.
I think that was released in 2010. It's also a great action movie.
You're very welcome. Enjoy.
Die Hard With A Vengeance is a similar movie to Die Hard.
Then I recommend Die Hard and Die Hard. They are both action movies
Did you like the movie because it was a Thriller or because it was a Science Fiction?
Absolutely, Brad Pitt also starred in all of the movie Troy and X-Men movies as well.
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy them.
Yes, he has starred in We Don't Live Here Anymore, The Truman Show, Civic Duty and Beastly. Would you like more information about one of these?
Yes, she is. I think she is one of the most talented actresss in the movie.
Yes! She has also starred in Funny Games - a thriller film, and a biographical film called The Mummy.
Yes. it stars Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman.
She is in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, it is a thriller and stars Huge Jackman. Have you seen it?
I am not sure who else stars in it, but Ryan Reynolds was in The Proposal which is a comedy crime movie.
You are welcome, goodbye.
He directed The Incredible Hulk and Now You See Me.
The Transporter stars Jason Statham and Matt Schulze. Are you a fan of Jason Statham?
He was also in The Transporter and The Incredible Hulk. You might like those.
Good Will Hunting is written by Matt Damon. Do you like dramas?
Bryce Dallas Howard is the actor. It's a great movie.
Yes, it is. Ben Affleck also wrote Good Will Hunting.
I am not sure. The Town is a horror movie based on the book of his.
You're welcome.
I know he wrote a book called Pretties. Were you aware that it was released in 2002?
Sure. Madame Bovary is a romance novel released in 1856. Also, it was released in 1856.
It was released way back in 1856. Would you like to know more?
It is a literary realism. Do you like those genres?
If you like Literary Realism, you may like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
You're welcome.
Collateral stars Tom Cruise .Do you like Thrillers?
Well, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick, and he also directed 2001: A Space Odyssey. Do you like him as a director?
Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder, Vanilla Sky and The Last Samurai.
I don't know when it was released. I do know that Tom Cruise produced the film.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
Bruce Willis also stars in Hudson Hawk
Bruce Willis was in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen that one?
I heard they were good movies like Hudson Hawk. Have you seen it?
ok great. do you like any other action movies?
Let me see, I know that he's a Songwriter. Were you aware that he sung New Perspective?
Yes, I like them too. Did you know he was in Men in Black 3
I don't know much about Country music. I prefer Country music
Oh yes, he starred in The Halloween Tree, and Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home. Have you seen those?
Yes, he was in Star Trek III the movie
It was written by Hilda Rosner and Hermann Hesse. It was released in 1922. Do you like the older books?
The Passage if you like Hilda's work. She also wrote Winters Tale which is speculative fiction.
It came out in 1922. It's a great book.
Your welcome.
He starred in You Again, Wolfen and Turner and Hooch. Have you seen them?
Yes, both of them are good. Dwayne Johnson is also in I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With, which I liked. Have you seen it?
Great, I think you will enjoy it.
I do, he wrote Life of Pi. Have you read that one?
I'm not sure about that. I highly recommend Tales of Beedle the Bard.
Yes, she wrote it as well. Have you seen it?
It is, I highly recommend it.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Vladimir Nabokov. He also wrote Lolita and Pale Fire.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror are written by dr.
You are welcome, there is anything else I can help you with ?
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is also a good one.
I don't know much about him other than he plays basketball
Well, Warriors is a basketball team and from what I can tell. Do you like basketball?
Not really, I know Steph Curry is a basketball player, he plays point guard right?
Sure, some good ones to check out are Teacher Man and Tis: A Memoir. Would you like to hear more about either of those?
A similar book is Teacher Man.
you are welcome
It's a good book written by J.R.R Tolkien.
A couple of his books that you might like are The Silence of the Lambs: Red Dragon, Hannibal Rising, and more. Have you read any of those?
It was released in 2004. It is also written by Thomas Harris.
Absolutely!
They are my favorite La Liga team, do you like them as well?
Who doesn't like him? I think he is an athlete.
Soccer is not my favorite. Do you follow soccer?
Jack London wrote To The Lighthouse, The Waves, and The Sea Wolf. Have you read any of these?
Seven Pounds and When the Wind Blows are also great fiction books.
Million Dollar Baby stars Hilary Swank and Clint Eastwood, do you like these actors?
It was a comedy also starring Richard Gere. Are you a fan of his?
I have not seen it. Did you know she starred in Men in Black 3?
Yes, that is very interesting. Did you know Peter Jason also starred in Cruise of the Gods?
Great. I think you'll enjoy it.
Do you like comedies because it is a comedy?
It was released in 2009, and is a romance / comedy.
Oh yes, that is a good one. She wrote The Very Hungry Caterpillar. Have you read it?
He wrote and starred in The Tales of Beedle the Bard.
Great, you should check out The Civil War and Levity if you like those.
There are so many great ones and some great ones to check out are World Without End, The Time Machine and The Iron Giant. I recommend any of those if you haven't already.
The Divergent Series is a fantasy novel by Jane Austen. Would you like to read it?
You're very welcome!
Yes, Andrew Adamson wrote all three Shreks
Shrek 2 is an animated family genre. Do you like adventure movies?
I'm not a fan of the Mets. I do know they are in the American League which is the same division as the New York Mets. Do you like baseball?
I don't know about that one. I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
That's the only one I really know about it. Did you ever watch the National League play?
Thomas Lennon starred in The Matrix Revolutions, and The Human Stain to name a few. Do you like him?
Yes, it is a television series starring Thomas Lennon and J.K. Simmons. It is a Comedy/drama and it has a genre of Drama and Comedy!
I like Chealsea, it is a science fiction piece written by John Steinbeck. Are you a fan?
the best team is the Seattle Seahawks. Do you like football?
Agreed. Anything else I can help you with?
Definitely! It was written and directed by Iain Canning and released in 2005. It is an adventure/action movie do you enjoy those genres?
He wrote the movie starring Bruce Willis.
I am not sure but it is a spy film
I am more of a Green Bay Packer fan but John Fox is a pretty good coach of that football team. Do you like them?
I really like the New England Patriots. Did you know that their coach was John Fox?
Yea, I'm not familiar with that name. He was a former American football player for the Denver Broncos.
Great! I would recommend The Bears, it's very funny.
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
I've seen them a few times when they've played the Atlanta Braves. Aren't they in the National League too?
I do, it was my favorite team. The Redskins are my favorite team, too.
I like Field of Dreams too. Do you like Sci-Fi?
Derrick Rose is an American professional basketball player for the Minnesota Timberwolves of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
I do like LeBron James. He's a good basketball player.
No I haven't but I know he plays for the Los Angeles Lakers
Of course, Men in Black was written by Robert Duvall and David Oyelowo who also wrote Never Let Me Go.
Yes, would you like to know about other movies with that author?
Yes, it was a sequel, very well received and there is a lot of action in it!
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie!
Sure! If you like Batman Begins, you must like Adventure films?
I'm not sure of the follow up but the Dark Knight is part of the series.
Enjoy the movies!
He wrote The Mad Ship and The Golden Fool.
They both were released in the 1930's.
Sure, Timequake is about time travel. Mother Night is science fiction. Do you like either of those genres?
It's a drama. Do you like those kinds of books?
One of my favorites is Xenocide. Z for Zachariah is a good one
There's American Psycho, Primal Fear and Seven
I am not sure who starred in that movie. Are you familiar with American History X?
Lake of Fire stars Kenneth Branagh and Kevin James, it's a Crime Fiction film.
You're welcome.
E.V. Rieu wrote
E.V. Rieu wrote
He is also a teacher and from the United States
Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
It's a non fiction book. It was released in 2012.
Your welcome
If You Give a Mouse a Cookie is written by Felicia Bond and was released in 1985.
Yes. J.K. Rowling wrote If You Take a Mouse to the Movies and If You Give a Pig a Pancake.
Great, enjoy!
Sure, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick, and he also directed 2001: A Space Odyssey.
To Kill a Mockingbird and The Manchurian Candidate are great examples of this genre.
I do not have that information.
I am glad I could help.
Born in New Mexico one of the books he wrote was The Power of Habit
The Power of Habit is a book released in 2011
Absolutely, Enjoy
The Godfather is written by Francis Ford Coppola, who also produced The Apocalypse Now
Yes he is a great coach. Did you know they won the 2008 NBA Finals?
Yes he is. He is also a musician.
I think Jerry Reinsdorf has done a great job turning the franchise around.
Chicago Bulls : Team Owned by Jerry Reinsdorf
I haven't heard much about them too much this year but they are runner ups for Super Bowl XLVII
You're welcome
Dear John is written by Nicholas Sparks. anything else i can do for you?
Yes, it was a good one. It was released in 2001 and is a Thriller.
I hope you enjoy it!
Hush is a great movie similar to Crescendo
Well it was written by Jane Austen and there is a next in series called Emma you might enjoy.
Sense and Sensibility is also written by Jane Austen. Would you like to read it?
She also wrote Sense and Sensibility, another great read.
You're welcome.
I love Linkin Park, My favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
Do you like his music? My favorite band is American Idol.
Andrew Stanton directed Finding Nemo. Finding Nemo is a family genre. Do you enjoy family genre movies?
It was released in 2002 and Tate Taylor directed it.
Yes she does. Ellen DeGeneres also starred in WALL-E.
You are welcome!
Phil LaMarr starred in Zambezia
Yes, and she was in it too. Do you like her movies?
I have a lot of good family movies. You might like The Hunger Games or The Giver.
Will do!
Yes, he's an Indian International Cricketer who was a very well rounded player
I don't know anything about cricket, but I know he's married to Maria Sharapova.
That's right. He was a writer and an actor.
Yeah he is a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers.
Yes he does! He was born in Oakland, California.
I do like Seattle Seahawks. Isn't he a point guard for them?
Yes I do! The King's Speech is written by Iain Canning and it is a drama/thriller starring Tom Cruise.
Yes she was in it as well as The Truman Show. Have you seen it?
Same here, I like it, too. You should check it out
I like her song La Tortura. Did you hear this song?
Yes, Sia Furler is a talented singer. She won the Academy of Country Music Award for Record of the Year.
She is a very talented singer but will have to look her up
They're a pretty good team. I think Khalil Mack is an awesome linebacker!
Oh. I mean, I'm a Chicago Bears fan myself! But if I had to choose, they're having a good season this year, I would have to say they're having a good season.
That's great! They are a very good team.
He is from Oklahoma and plays basketball. Are you a fan?
I believe he is a point guard.
I'm not sure, he does. He is a good player.
Do you like drama? I would suggest The Pillars of the Earth.
Yes, Hayley Atwell also starred in The Pillars of the Earth.
OK, she has starred in The Pillars of the Earth and Water for Elephants. Have you seen either of those?
You are welcome.
Yes, that is a great movie written by John Logan.
Yes, she is starred in Drama and Thriller /Crime fiction movies.
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional American football franchise based in Tampa, Florida. This team is coached by Lovie Smith and Greg Schiano. Do you like football?
I do know that Lovie Smith is a coach.
I like football and baseball. What about you?
Well it was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like that author? She also wrote the whole Harry Potter series.
Well, if you like Harry Potter you might like The Chronicles of Narnia series. It's a fantasy.
It's a good one too. I highly recommend it!
Great, I think you'll enjoy them!
Sure! He is super talented! He wrote, directed, and starred in Annie Hall and To Rome with Love.
It's a great movie. It stars Emile Hirsch and Marcia Gay Harden. Do you like either of those actors?
I hope you enjoy it.
Spirited Away was written by Hayao Miyazaki. Hayao Miyazaki also wrote Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind.
Similar to Scream of the Banshee is The Shield. Have you seen that one?
Oh my gosh, that's always a good one. You should check it out when you have time, it's really funny.
You're welcome!
He's one of my favorites! He wrote such great books as The Virgin Suicides and The Picture of Dorian Gray. Have you read either?
It is a Fiction Novel that was written in 1993.
It was released in 1993. It's a great book about life.
You're welcome
Sure, I bet you do. I like it because it was written by Judd apatow and also it is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Seth Rogen starred in The Watch and The Hunt for Red October. Have you seen those?
Yes, Mindy Kaling has a great cast. He also starred in Pineapple Express and The Green Hornet.
I hope you like it!
Yes, he wrote The Virgin Suicides, The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Assassin and the Desert. Have you read any of those?
Yes, Miranda Richardson was also in Gideon's Daughter.
Yes, Phantom of the Opera is a fantasy film.
Of course, I hope you like it!
Oh yes, I love her! She is very talented. I love her music. Did you know she is also an actress?
I like Hello, but I also like Ed Sheeran
I check it out, and I like it too. Did you know that she was in Men in Black 3?
Inception is directed by Christopher Nolan. He also wrote the Dark Knight.
He directed The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
The Prestige is starring Michael Caine and Margot Robbie.
The Prestige is also considered a Sci-Fi film in the Fantasy genre.
I'm not sure. However, I can tell you The Hunger Games is a drama film
Enjoy the film
He is a football player who plays for the Brazil national football team
Wow, I had no idea. What do you know about Dani Alves?
They're currently in 2nd place with the NFC West, but they are 4 games behind the 1st place Rams. It's not looking too good for them to win their division.
Yeah, they are doing pretty well this season. They haven't won a lot of superbowls.
Well, I think they are doing well this year. Did you know they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLVII?
Well, I can say that Superhero is a great book, would you like to hear more about that?
It is a book about social criticism from the 18th century England. Are you interested in that book?
How about A Tale of Two Cities, do you like that book?
It is actually a book about social criticism. Do you like that genre?
I don't really know much about working class but I do know that it is also written by Charles Dickens.
You're welcome
Kierra Cass wrote The Siren. what else can i do for you?
Sure, she also wrote The Siren. It's considered a classic.
The Siren was released in 2011. It's about a girl who moves to a small town and falls in love with a widower.
You're welcome.
Would you like more from the Mission Impossible Series, or other action movies?
Yes, they are. It is an action packed movie.
Then you might enjoy Beautiful Creatures.
No problem, I am happy to help.
Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell. He also wrote Animal Farm.
Animal Farm is a children's literature. It was also written by George Orwell. He also wrote Animal Farm.
You're welcome!
He wrote Relato de un naufrago
He wrote a lot, he has written in the genre Science Fiction, and also an essayist.
It was written by Terry Pratchett. Would you like to know more about his books?
Well, from what I've read, he also wrote Gonzo the Art and The Joke's Over.
I hope you enjoy the book.
Adam Brown has starred in The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug and The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey.
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome, have a great day!
Bradley Cooper starred in Limitless, The Words, and Limitless. Have you seen any of these?
The Woods is a drama/mystery film starring Bradley Cooper. It was released in 1997.
It is a horror movie and it is directed by Roland Emmerich.
Have you read the Fellowship of the Ring?
i dont have any more information on it but There and Back Again is a drama. Anything else I can help with?
no i do not. anything else i can do for you?
you are welcome
The Tell Tale Heart, The Black Cat and Hop Frog are some of his work. Are you interested in poems?
Raven was released in 1843.
You're welcome
I know Cesc Fàbregas is an athlete and plays for the Spain National Football team. Do you like Football?
Some have heard of them but I don't know much about them.
Not that I know of. That is where the team is located.
Aladdin is a Thriller, so you can't go wrong. It's a great movie for you.
There is the Zodiac based on the book and it is written by Robert Wade
You might enjoy The Mask. It is a fantasy movie.
The Good Thief starring Said Taghmaoui, it is an Action Thriller and I highly recommend it.
Philip Pullman and Scarlett Johansson also starred in it. Do you like them?
Yes, he did, as well as The End of the Affair. Would you like to know more about him?
Glad to help, enjoy!
Quentin Tarantino have directed Pulp Fiction, Kill Bill and more.
Yes he was in Grindhouse. Do you know more about his movies?
He was also in Insomnia and The Fast and the Furious.
No problem!
Downfalls in the genre of War. Do you like War films?
It stars Willie Garson and Marcia DeBonis. Do you like any of them?
Starring Anna Kendrick and Marcia DeBonis.
Your welcome!
Wasn't he a featured artist on the dance-pop album Unbroken?
Oh yes. I like her song Super Bass. Are you a fan of it?
Oh my gosh. I haven't heard that one. Who is your favorite songwriter?
Yes, it written by Cassandra Clare and released 2014. Have you read it?
Yes she also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones
Yes, The Mortal Instruments is a series
You're welcome
By David Sedaris? I love that book. Have you read it?
Me Talk Pretty One Day is actually a great book. It was released in 2005.
My pleasure, let me know if you need more recommendations.
Fred Willard starred in Youth in Revolt and Roxanne, both Romantic comedies. Do you like that genre?
I am not certain the genre but it is a comedy
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy the movie.
Great! Have a great day!
You're welcome!
That was a very dramatic movie starring Ato Essandoh. It was produced by Graham King, I am Sam might be something you like
Did you know that Djimon Hounsou directed the movie?
The Lord of War was released in 2004
Sure! She's starred in City of Bones and RoboCop 3. Have you seen either of those?
RoboCop 3 is a comedy crime movie. He also starred in The Hangover Part II.
Yes, he is in The Polar Express. Are you interested in that movie?
No, I know that Anne Hathaway and Meryl Streep star in it. Are you interested in romance or comedy?
She has starred in another movie called The Devil Wears Prada, which is a romance film.
Yes she was, I believe she is also in it, have you seen it?
Good choice! Enjoy.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was released in 2001.
How to Train Your Dragon and Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them were also released in 1997.
Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Small Steps. They are both childrens literature. Do you enjoy reading that genre?
Then you'll like Without Fail, Witches Abroad, and Wolf Brother. They are both fiction.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Dan Gilroy wrote Angels & Demons and also The Dharma Bums.
The Bourne Legacy is starring Matt Damon and was released in 2013. Does that interest you?
The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum directed The Bourne Identity. Erin Brockovich is also a director.
Hayao Miyazaki directed Unaccustomed Earth, which is a fantasy film.
It is a romance film, Hayao Miyazaki also directed Ponyo and other adventure films, have you seen those?
Miguel Artela had a starring role in that movie. If you know Edgar Ramrez, Hayao Miyazaki also starred in this film.
Yes, this movie is an anime film, I am sure it would be a bit of a drama.
Sure, he wrote There Will be Blood and The Master. He's been involved in a lot of different movies. Would you like to hear more?
There are several of the actors that starred in this movie. It was also written by Paul Thomas Anderson.
You are welcome, enjoy the movie!
Sure. Paula Hawkins wrote The Grand Budapest Hotel and The Bridge of San Luis Rey, have you read any of these?
The Girl on the Train was written by Paula Hawkins and released in 1996
Absolutely, have a great day.
No problem. Enjoy the book!
Absolutely, Good to know, I would recommend To Kill a Mockingbird, The Manchurian Candidate, and The House of Mirth.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I haven't read it but I know it is written by James Dashner
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes it is. It was written by James Patterson in the genre of mystery as well.
You are welcome.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is a good one.
Pnin was written by Vladimir Naokov. He also wrote A Modest Proposal
Yes,It is written by Vladimir Naokov
It is a fantasy book
No problem
Memoirs of a Geisha was written by Robin Swicord and Arthur Golden. This book has genres drama, comedy, and romance.
The novel is written by J.R.R Tolkien
He wrote Memoirs of a Geisha, have you read it?
Your welcome
Not a whole lot but I do know he's married to Hayden Panettiere from the show Nashville
Yes it is!
I'm not sure about Anna Paquin, but I do know she starred in Sweet Home Alabama.
I'm not sure about that. But, you should check out Why Did I Get Married Too.
Green Eggs and Ham was written by Doctor Seuss.
There's another one written by Dr. Seuss called The Cat in the Hat and other called The Cat in the Hat.
That's correct! Have you heard of The Cat in the Hat?
If you enjoy Kung Fu Panda, you might also like Monsters Vs. Aliens.
Oh yea, that's one of my favorites! He's been in White House Down and Shrek the Third.
Yes! She was in Superbad with Emma Stone.
No problem!
Yes E.B. White wrote The Elements of Style and Stuart Little. Have you read them?
Sure. Safe Haven was written by Nicholas Sparks. It's a romance drama and a romance novel. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Natalie Portman and Ben Stiller are the main stars.
It was released in 2003. Do you want to know more information about this movie?
You may also like the movie Tusk. Have you seen that one?
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, do you like it because it is directed by James Cameron or because it is Action movie?
Yes, he was. That is a great movie. If you like thrillers, Glenn Plummer is also in it.
I don't know, but I do know that Scott Glenn starred in The Women of Brewster Place.
Sure. I hope you enjoy it.
Natascha MeElhone is an actress and producer. She was also in The Truman Show and Surviving Picasso.
The Truman Show was released in 2004. It also stars Peter Krause.
Deception Point was written by Dan Brown. It's a thriller and was released in 2002.
The genre is Non-Fiction
He wrote the Where the Wild Things Are and The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss. Have you read either of those?
Little Bear is a Speculative fiction, do you like that genre?
You might also enjoy the Pachinko series by Maurice Sendak.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
He's directed some great movies! He's been in a ton of things. Do you like Thrillers?
Inland Empire is a fantasy movie.
I don't have that information, but if you like science fiction you may want to check out The Troop or The Pirates of the Caribbean.
It was released in 1996. It is a great movie.
Sure. I hope you enjoy the movie.
Your welcome.
Gone with the Wind is written by Margaret Mitchell. She also wrote Friends with Benefits.
How about Tender is the Night?
I am not sure about that. I know it was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. You might want to check it out.
Your welcome.
Sure, Ellen starred in When a Man Loves a Woman with Andy Garcia. Have you ever watched that?
The tennis player? I haven't watched tennis in a while. Is there news about him?
Yes, I do like Serena. I know she has won a lot of awards but I think only Venus is still playing.
Yes, he also plays tennis. I like the Dallas Cowboys though.
Go Set a Watchman is similar to To Kill a Mockingbird.
To Kill a Mockingbird is in the drama genre, have you seen The Manchurian Candidate?
You are welcome.
I love her music. My favorite is I'm Not Dead by Pink. What is yours?
I do like her music. Did you know she won a Grammy for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance
Wow, I didn't know that. That's a good sport. Do you know she has a daughter?
Yes, he starred in the show O.C
Yes, it is a movie starring Sandra Bullock and Kevin Costner. Do you like Thrillers?
The O.C. is a romantic comedy starring Peter Gallagher.
You are welcome.
The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non'Believer is a popular one he wrote. Sound interesting?
The Portable Atheist and Alice Adventures in Wonderland is a fantasy novel.
The Portable Atheist and Alice's Adventures in Wonderland is the first book of his. Have you heard of it?
Your welcome
Yes, he plays futbol, American soccer :)
He played as a Forward. I don't know much about James Rodriguez.
Yes, he was on FC Porto as well. It is a nice sport.
I love her. She is great. Have you seen her play in La Liga?
I think Brett Ratner is an actor too. He starred in a lot of TV shows like High School Musical and Hair Show.
I'm not sure about that, but Al Pacino is in a thriller called Shark Night.
The Glass Castle was written by Jeannette Wells. She also wrote Half Broke Horses: A True Life Novel. Do you like Memoirs?
Greg Mortenson wrote it. Do you know that author?
Alice Sebold wrote The Lovely Bones and The Almost Moon. Are you familiar with either?
It is a fiction novel. Would you like to know about other fiction novels?
Sure. Welcome to the Monkey House, Weaveworld, When the Wind Blows. It's a great book
Yes, it is written by Jack London
you are very welcome
Isn't she a tennis player. I don't watch it much, but
You know, I also like Venus williams. She is a cricket player too.
I don't know. However, he is a good tennis player.
Yes he was. They were the runner ups for Super Bowl XLVII
Sure, do you like Thor: The Dark World because it is a Fantasy?
Then you might also like The Assassin and the Desert or The Dark World.
The Golden Compass stars Sam Elliott and Nicole Kidman. Would you like to see it?
I hope you like it!
It starred J.K. Simmons and Melissa Benoist. JK won an Oscar for his role.
Yes Wade Williams also starred in The Good Doctor
Yes, he did
Breakfast of Champions is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Do you enjoy that author ?
You should check out Timequake as well. It's a Speculative fiction.
Yes, it's a very good book. There are many great books about time travel like Welcome to the Monkey House. Have you seen that one?
He directed the movie Monsters Inc, starring Mark Waters.
Yes. John Sayles wrote and starred in The Spiderwick Chronicles. He also wrote Is there anything else I can help with?
The genre is Thriller and Drama.
I like Phil Mickelson, he won the 2005 PGA Championship and the 2010 Masters Tournament, he also starred in the movie Tin Cup.
I think he is a good golfer, did you know Phil won the 2010 Masters Tournament?
I think it is pretty funny. Is that a comedy for sure?
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works
Yes, he did. He was also in The Wedding Date. You might also like that movie.
I would have to check for more of his movies. Other movies from Brooklyn are A Christmas Carol and Diary of a Young Girl.
enneth H. Blanchard wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement, and Who Moved My Cheese? Have you read either of those?
It's an autobiography that was released in 1981.
That is correct! Is there anything else I can help you with?
I do! He starred in Nowhere Boy and Fifty Shades of Grey.
Nowhere Boy starred Fifty Shades of Grey, and Judy Greer.
Nowhere Boy is a teen drama film. It's about John Lennon's adolescence, his relationships with his aunt Mimi Smith and his mother, Julia. You will enjoy it.
Of course, did you like this book because of the author, Hunter S Thomson?
Hunter S Thompson is an action film. He also wrote White House Down. Do you like action films?
I'm not sure about it, but it is considered a political Thriller.
Yes she wrote The Virgin Blue, The last Runaway and the Lady and the Unicorn. Have you read these?
I believe it was written in 1997, have you read it?
I don't know if it was directed by Tracy Chevalier and it was released in 1996. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he directed the Mist. Are you a fan of Stephen King films?
The Mist was directed by Rob Cohen. He also directed Girl with a Pearl Earring. Have you seen that?
Great, do you like Country of national Lampoons?
Have you seen Annie Hall? It is a great romantic comedy
Dan Gilroy is a golfer and won the 2012 PGA Championship. Are you a fan?
Matt Damon and Dan Gilroy
It is a thriller
Zero Dark Thirty
good action series
welcome
Sure! Do you like poetry because it's part of the series?
Shel Silverstein also wrote Where the Sidewalk Ends and Falling Up. They are both poetry books.
Esphyr Slobodkina, and Shel Silverstein are some similar authors.
You're welcome.
I know that he is a country singer, songwriter and musician from Nashville.
I like her song Someone Else Calling You Baby. Do you know this song?
Yes, I do , do you know her?
She is most known for writing Seabiscuit. It is a story about a race horse. Do you like horses?
It was released in 1999.
You are welcome.
Sure, Oliver Stone wrote The Doors. The Doors is directed by Randall Jahnson
Yes, The Doors stars many actors, including Matt Damon, Ethan Hawke, Wood Harris, and Rip Torn. Would you like more information about the movie?
Yes, The Doors is a band with Mimi Rogers and Michael Madsen.
You're welcome!
Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Wise Man's Fear, The Name of the Wind, and Rogues. Have you read any of these?
Yes, it's a good one. It's by Patrick Rothfuss.
You're welcome.
Would you like recommendations for other books by Veronica Roth?
Great, I would recommend The Hunger Games. Also, Divergent is a Young-adult fiction.
Yes, he's from Liverpool and plays for Everton FC. Do you like him?
Yes, he also plays soccer
I don't know much about Thiago Silva but I know he is an athlete who plays football
Yes I do the Minnesota Vikings are coached by Mike Zimmer and Leslie Frazier did you know that?
I am a fan. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
Oh great! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Could you recommend a movie by John Grisham?
She also starred in Won't Back Down. It's a very good movie.
Yes, he also starred in The Negotiator and Predators.
I would recommend Zoom and Back to the Future Part II.
I recommend Zoolander or You've Got Mail.
You are welcome.
Yes. He directed The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford.
I think Suresh Raina is an athlete. Isn't he on the cricket team in India? I guess he's know for his Right-arm Off Spin.
I don't know much about cricket, but I do know he is married to Shoaib Malik.
Yes, he is a great player. I also like his team the Manchester United F.C. team.
He wrote Uglies and Touching Darkness.
It is a science fiction book that was released in 1987
Treasure Planet and The Three Lives of Thomas is another good one.
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy!
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Spain national football team.
I think I remember watching him play on FC Bayern Munich. Do you like football?
He does! He's a great player.
Yes, he also coached Manchester United F.C. I think you are right
Yes he wrote The Next Three Days. have you read that one?
He was an American novelist who wrote Defending Jacob. Would you like to know more about him?
Yes, Fifty Shades Freed was written by E.L. James and is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like this genre?
If you like that series, you might also like The Alpha Master. Have you read that one?
Bared to You is written by E.L. James.
No, I do not have that information
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, he is written Samtilche Erzahiungen and In der Strafkolonie.
It is a fiction novel, similar to Death in the Clouds.
It is a fiction novel, do you like those kinds of books?
The Boys in The Boat: Nine Americans and Their Epic Quest for Gold
She also wrote Sea biscuit, an american legend and similar books are Flags of our fathers, and Titans.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
He is a great actor. He starred in No Country for Old Men. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, he was the author of Braveheart. Do you like horror films?
Yes he did and it was directed by Kenneth Branagh
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on his work but he did write Braveheart! He also wrote Fifty Shades of Grey
Is there anything else I can help with?
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
It was released in 1974.
It's a non-fiction book written by Richelle Mead.
No problem, enjoy!
Washington Redskins sucks. did you know Dwight Schar owned this team
Yes, they were runner ups in Super Bowl XLVIII.
I don't know if he is playing for the Broncos. I think they are pretty good.
Sure, it was written by Tracy Chevalier and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it's a sci-fi novel.
I'm not sure. Can I help you with anything else?
Tropic Thunder has a Genre of Adventure and Drama. Do you enjoy those? Tropic Thunder has Tom Cruise in it.
The Cable Guy is starring Tom Cruise, Eddie Murphy and Ed Harris. Do you like comedies?
Comedy-dramas is also a comedy-dramas.
Yes. Diana Gabaldon wrote My Own Heart's Blood.
I'm not sure of the release date. However, My Own Hearts Blood was released in 2009.
It is a fiction novel.
You're welcome
He directed an action film called Cutthroat Island, and a thriller called The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Willie Garson starred in this movie. Do you like his acting?
It was released in 1995
Enjoy
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know they are owned by a woman Virginia McCaskey.
I think they were a good contender in Super Bowl XLI
Yes, the Bears are very good. I am a Steelers fan as well. Do you have a favorite team?
Sure! Doug Liman directed both Fair Game and Swingers. He also produced Fair Game as well as The Bourne Identity.
I do not think so, but John Liam also directed Pride and Prejudice. Have you seen that one?
I do not but I do know that Sean Penn produced it. Do you like his movies?
I do not but I think you'd enjoy the movie. It starred Sean Penn and Natasha Richardson.
I do not have that information right now. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he is an American professional basketball player for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association.
She stars in What's your number?
Yes it was. It was directed by Steve Harvey.
Yes I do, it was a great movie. Are you a fan of Sci-Fi movies?
It also has Steve Buscemi and Ben Foster. Are you familiar with them?
Sure. If you like sci-fi, you might also like X-Men: The Last Stand.
You're welcome.
Yes he directed 300: Rise of an Empire, Teddy Bear Chase, Smart People, The Affair, and Art Heist. Have you seen any of those?
300: Rise on an Empire stars Sullivan Stapleton and Peter Mensah. It has genre War.
The movie was released in 1999.
You might like the movie 300: Rise on an Empire by Peter Mensah. It is a fantasy
I'm not sure about that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Eva Green was born in Rochester, New York City
You're welcome.
I don't know much about the baseball, but I do know they are owned by Magic Johnson.
It is. It was written by Jerry Bruckheimer. Have you heard of him?
That's great, I could have never heard of that one.
Sure, Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde starred in both. It was written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
The version was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. It is more of a thriller or horror film.
I would definitely recommend The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
You're welcome. I'm happy I could help.
Sure, Peace Like a River, Oryx and Crake, and A Lesson Before Dying are similar books.
There's one of them called Sword of Shannara, that was written by John Grisham.
She wrote They're Watching God and The Virgin's Lover.
I don't know much about Paul Pogba. I know he is a football player who plays Midfielder
Yes, he's from Liverpool and plays for Everton FC. Do you like him?
I would say I am more of a fan of the Alabama Patriots.
I actually don't know much about football either. I prefer American football
Patrick Suskind is an author who wrote Dumb and Dumber, have you heard of it?
Absolutely, East of Eden, The Pearl of the World and Travels with Charley: In search of America is all wiritten by John Steinbeck. Do you like these?
Tropic of Cancer has genre Romance and Historical Fiction. do you like these genres?
OK, would you like to know about other fiction novels?
I think it was released in 1994. I recommend that book if you like fiction.
I am not sure but I can tell you The Night Watch was written by Anne Tyler.
You are welcome. enjoy!
Do you like the movie because it was written by Martin McDonagh, or because it was starring Tom Cruise?
Yes, it does. It also stars Brad Pitt. Have you seen it?
She also starred in Minority Report which is a Psychopaths.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like O Brother, Where Art Thou because it starred Tom Hanks?
Sarah Clarke also starred in Thirteen. She's a great actress!
Yes, she also starred in the movie True Romance.
You're welcome!
It was written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010.
It is written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010.
It is a genre Science
He also wrote The Good Girl and The Curious Case of Benjamin Button
It is a great book written by Henning Koch and released in 2012.
It has genre Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller?
Well then you might want to check out The Looking Glass Wars. It's a crime fiction action movie.
Yes, the movie Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is actually a good sci fi movie. Do you like sci fi movies?
Interstellar starred Chris Hemsworth, Willow Smith, and Leonardo DiCaprio.
You're welcome
Yes, The Hungers Games: Catching Fire is written by Suzanne Collins and a Young-adult fiction.
He directed the comedy American Pie as well as The Golden Compass.
It has Chris Weitz. Are you familiar with his work?
She has also starred in Funny Games, have you seen it?
Great, hope you enjoy
I think he's a very good tennis player. I don't know much about him.
I haven't ever played a match but I haven't really watched a match before.
What is your favorite tennis player?
Absolutely! Melina Karakosta wrote Le Petit Prince.
He also wrote the French Antoine de Saint-Exupéry.
He is a musician who also played a role in Le Petit Prince.
Did you like the movie because it's a Thriller/Sci-Fi movie?
The Last Stand has genre Thriller, do you like X-Men movies?
Logan is a sci-fi film starring Ryan Reynolds and Chris Hemsworth and was released in 2011.
Absolutely! Enjoy!
Yes! he is a great writer who wrote the Pixar film Up. Have you seen it?
Yeah, he wrote a lot of movies. One of them is Where Have You Been, which is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I like drama films, I think you might like The Warrior's Way, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Manchurian Candidate. Do any of those sound good?
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes. Peter Bart wrote The Godfather. The Godfather has genre Young-adult fiction. Are you into fiction?
The Godfather also included Robert Duvall, Marlon Brando and Al Pacino.
The Godfather was released in 1998
Sure, The Green Mile is written by Stephen King and a similar book is The Shawshank Redemption. Have you heard of that one?
Stephen King also wrote The Shawshank Redemption, have you read that one?
There is a film adaptation of The Dead Zone. It is directed by Stephen King as well.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
I sure can, She wrote one book called The Orphan Train which was released in 2013. Are you a fan of her work?
She also wrote A Piece of the World.
Yes, both of these are fiction.
I Am Legend starred Will Smith and Emma Thompson. It is a sci-fi thriller.
He's been in The Pursuit of Happyness, I Robot and Hancock. Have you seen those?
He is! He was also in The Pursuit of Happyness which is also a Sci-Fi movie. Have you seen this one yet?
Hot Fuzz is a black comedy and parody film. Are you interested in black films or comedy in general?
Hot Fuzz is also a thriller and adventure film. Do you like action?
Yes it is. Wolf Brother is a good Adventure movie starring Anne Hathaway.
Yes, I'm a fan, he is a fine vocalist. Do you like him?
I like him, he is a good friend of Taylor Swift though. Have you ever heard his music?
I do, he is a good artist. Do you know he won the Grammys?
To Kill a Mockingbird was written in 1960.
Yes it was written by Emma McLaughlin
I can help with that and it is written by Claude-Michel Schönberg and Alain Boublil. It is a very good movie.
I'd recommend The River, The Book of Mormon and The Invisible Man.
Perhaps you would like The Golden Compass, it is a great historical drama.
Yes, it was written by Quinn K. Redeker and stars Thomas Lennon. It's a great movie.
Yes, it was directed by Frank Darabont
Yes, he is in this movie
It also stars Alexis Dziena and Adam Sandler
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
It is like a lot of fun to watch but they haven't won a lot of awards over the years. It was hard to keep up with them and i'm sure they will make it to the Super Bowl. Have you seen it?
Cold Mountain is a film starring Chris Hemsworth and Nicole Kidman. Do you like that film?
I did not watch it but I think Renee Zellweger also starred in Shark Tale and Monsters vs. Aliens.
Cold Mountain is a great movie. If you are interested in other films by Charles Frazier you might also want to check out A Good Day to Die Hard.
J.K. Simmons is an actor. He starred in Young Adult. Have you seen that one?
The Assassination of J.K. Simmons is in the thriller genre.
It also stars Stephen Fry and Rupert Everett. Have you seen it or see the movie?
Ronan Bennett was one of the actress of Public Enemies. Stephen Graham and Shawn Hatosy also starred in it.
Oh, I love him too! He was in The Rum Diary with Amber Heard. Do you like her?
Oh yes, he was very funny in The Rum Diary. It's a comedy and he also starred in The Rum Diary with Amber Heard.
Oh, I will have to watch that one now. Thanks!
The movie stars Harrison Ford and Sela Ward. Are you a fan?
I am not sure. But it also starred Daniel Roebuck.
Yes, I was happy to help.
I would also recommend The Fugitive and Star Wars: The Force Awakens.
Yes, he was in The Fugitive. It's a great movie.
Enjoy your movies!
J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Ban
I'm sorry, I don't have any similar books, but Peter Pan was released in 1904.
It's historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome. I hope you like it.
The same Karim Benzema of Real Madrid C.F.? I don't really know him
Yea, I think he plays for Paris Saint-Germain
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a great movie that stars Vin Diesel, Paul Walker and Michelle Rodriguez. Do you like them?
I'm not sure, but he was also in Fast Five. Do you like action movies?
I will add to your watch list.
Yes, he wrote The Jungle Book. Have you read it?
Yes that's true. Have you seen it?
Oh yeah, and he is a great actor. That is a comedy too. Have you seen that?
Yes, they did. Kevin Nealon also starred in The Ordinary People?
Yes that is correct! The Gazebo is a drama film starring Al Pacino.
The Gazebo is a drama film directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Yes, Seth MacFarlane wrote and directed This is the End, which is a comedy. Do you like comedy?
Sure, it stars Brad Pitt and it is a comedy and is directed by Seth MacFarlane
Sure, I can tell you that Seth MacFarlane has written a lot of comedy movies. One of my favorites is Up in the Air.
Skyfall is starring Clive O'Brien. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Yes, Rory Kinnear starred in The First Men in the Moon and The Second Coming.
Mark Wahlberg produced this film as well as The Usual Suspects.
It is a Romance and Drama.
I recommend it for you.
You as well!
Sure, it is written by Charlaine Harris and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like it because of the genre or the author?
That's a good one. She also wrote Wicked Lovely which is a comedy.
I am not too sure about his other books but I know they are part of a series called Dead to the World.
No problem, enjoy.
Yes, He directed the movie Three Kings. Are you a fan of adventure films?
It is considered a Thriller and Drama. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes she was. You should check it out.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it was written by John Green and is a young adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
I am not sure, but I know he was influenced by Rick Riordan
It was released in 2008 and is a young adult fiction.
Max Brooks is a Sci-Fi-Author living in Canada. He wrote World War Z, have you read that?
2013! That was a great year for books.
Sure thing. I hope you enjoy it!
Enjoy the book!
Sure! He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and Turbo. The Proposal was a great movie.
If you like that, you should watch Aeon Flux or Zombie Hunter.
I haven't watched them either. They are very good.
Sure, I have a couple of my favorites. Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban and the genre of Satire. Do you like her work?
The Fellowship of the Ring has adventure, such as The Phantom.
Have you seen The Good Doctor or The Return of the King?
Yes, it was written by Michael Endes. He has a great writing style that he wrote!
Did you like because Tom Cruise is in it or because it was a Action/ Adventure movie?
Tom Cruise produced Days of Thunder with Jerry Maguire.
Happy to help
Your welcome
Great. I hope you enjoy it!
I think he's a really good artist. I really like him in movies too!
Yes, he did and he also wrote Beastly. Did you know he is also an actor?
Yes, I like dramas. Do you want to know more about it?
I do, it was written by Robert Wade and Ian Fleming great writers.
I recommend The Hunt for Red October which is an action/adventure film.
Yes it is, it is also a film.
He is a soccer player for Manchester United F.C. and he plays at Mexico National Football team.
I believe Manchester United F.C is coached by Ryan Giggs.
You're welcome. Do you follow soccer?
O Alquimista was written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988. The same year as The Alchemist. Have you read that?
O Alquimista was released in 1988 and written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988.
Yes he wrote Onze minutos. Onze minutos was released in 1599!
Jeffrey DeMunn starred in movies like Turbulence, The Shawshank Redemption, The Mist and The Green Mile. Have you heard of these movies?
Yes, she did! She was also in The Mists of Avalon, which is a horror film. Do you like those types of films?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy!
Yes, he is an athlete from Greifswald and plays for the Germany National Football Team.
In the National Football League, the Kansas City Chiefs are a AFC West National Footbal league team and was founded by Lamar Hunt.
I like to watch basketball. I like the Dallas Cowboys. What about you?
The Redskins is my favorite team! What is yours?
The invention of wings is a book and film released in 1982. It is considered a book and a film.
The Last Samurai is starring Yuki Matsuzaki. what else can i answer for you?
I'm not sure about that. I do know that Scarlett Johansson also starred in the film. Are you familiar with her?
He was also in The Perfect Score.
Sure. If you like Andy Garcia, you might also enjoy The Other Guys.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it.
I liked them better when Jason Witten was playing, but they're still a pretty good team. Are you a Cowboys fan?
I have not seen it, its a great movie. It's very funny and is a Bill Murray fan.
Yes, it was a great movie. Jerry Maguire was also in Ghostbusters II that you might like.
I'm also into Thrillers.
He directed the War Film, Battleship. Have you seen it?
It is a War film and it is a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
You're very welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
Wonder was written by RJ Palacio. Are you familiar with this author?
Yes, Wonder was a book written by R.J. Palacio. Are you interested in hearing about other books by him?
Yes. It was also released in 2014
I am not sure but I know it was also released in 2014
Do you need anything else?
Bill Murray starred in Zombieland with John Lennon. Have you seen that?
I am not sure, but Bill Murray starred in Zombieland which is a great comedy.
Yes, she is a writer who wrote The Scarlet Letter
She has also written The Princess and the Frog.
It is a romantic drama.
It was written in 1850
Young adult genre has examples: The Fault in Our Stars, The Forest House, and How to Win Friends.
I know that it was written by Jane Austen and released in 1817.
Pride and Prejudice, Persuasion has genre Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
If you liked romance, you may enjoy Persuasion. Also you might enjoy Persuasion.
You're welcome.
Yes, she starred in the movies A Beautiful Mind and the TV show Rhoda.
Tower Heist is a comedy/drama and it was released in 2002.
Tower Heist also starred Charlize Theron and Jason Statham.
Can I help you with anything else?
She wrote оскресение and нна аренина. Have you heard of them?
Yes, Louise Maude wrote .  and .
You're welcome!
I've never actually seen it, but I love Orlando Bloom!
He is a great actor! He starred in Troy, which is a fantasy movie.
Are you referring to the novel written by Kim Edwards?
I would recommend The Lake of Dreams by Kim Edwards and The Secrets of a Fire King. Do you like novels?
That's right! Do you like Novels?
Snow Crash is a Speculative Fiction book written by Neal Stephenson. Do you like his books?
Sure! Chris Evans has starred in What's Your Number? a romantic comedy and The Perfect Score.
Sean Connery and Anna Kendrick also starred in the movie. It's a romantic comedy/crime movie.
I don't have that information. However, I can find it interesting to you.
You're welcome.
It was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you prefer I select a specific author? Or would you prefer the genre?
Yes. Ernest Hemingway wrote The Great Gatsby. He also wrote To Have and Have Not. Have you read that?
You're welcome
You're welcome
Sure! He is a Swiss professional tennis player. Do you enjoy tennis?
No, I am not a fan. I have never watched a match from time to time.
Yes, he has starred in the 2012 Olympics. He was also in the Olympics
There is a next in series to it, named Sellevision.
A Wolf at the Table was released in 1981 and is in the English language. Would you like to know more about A Wolf at the Table?
I am not sure about that, but it is a sequel.
Enjoy!
I have no idea, can you suggest any?
It's a fictional novel.
Nancy Cartwright is the author of this novel.
Do you like Wes Craven because it is a thriller?
Yes, Wes Craven directed Scream 4 which starred Rory Culkin and Erik Knudsen
Yes he does, he also starred in The Soul to Take. So did Zena Grey.
Glad to help!
Of course. Anne Rice wrote Vittorio the Vampire and Violin.
Perry Bysshe Shelley wrote Frankenstein.
I do not see that information. But i can tell you she is the author of Frankenstein.
Sure, have you read The Absolute Sandman, Volume One?
There are many great books by Neil Gaiman, including The Graveyard Book and The Absolute Sandman.
Happy to help!
Lois Lowry wrote the book Ella Enchanted, have you read that?
It's considered a satire.
It was released in 2004.
The Great Gatsby is a timeless classic! Are you interested in movies about war?
Sure, he directed Moon, Warcraft, and Source Code.
Moon starred Jamie Lee Curtis, Scott Bakula, Russell Peters and Cas Anvar.
Moon is a fantasy film starring Marc John Jefferies.
Yes I do the Minnesota Vikings are coached by Mike Zimmer and Leslie Frazier did you know that?
I hope they have a good chance. It's going to be the Patriots today. What do you think?
I like the Cowboys vs. the Seahawks. do you want to know who owns the team?
I have never been to a game live in person. I wish I could have a good day.
Do you like it because it is an adventure movie or because you are a Harrison Ford fan?
Rob Zombie is the director
I don't see any other movies he directed but I do know he wrote Fog City Mavericks.
Yes, it is a great book by Tony Gilroy
I have not seen the one in Thor. I know he is a writer and a film producer.
I haven't seen it but I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the info.
Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien? He wrote this book.
Yes, J.R.R. Tolkien wrote The Lord of the Rings and many other books.
by John Lee Hancock?
It starred Richard Dawson (he was also in Mirror Mirror) and the Wolves of the Calla.
He was in The People Speak, Push, Nevada. Push, and Push, Nevada.
You're welcome.
The Lightning Thief is a young-adult-speculative fiction written by Rick Riordan. Are you a fan of this author?
I've read The Titan's Curse, The Son of Sobek, and The Titan's Curse.
It's a fantasy, so I would recommend The Titan's Curse if you haven't read that one.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
She is in a movie called Harsh Times, it's a very good movie.
The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban is one of her most famous.
That's a good one! It stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Matt Damon.
Sure! Are you interested in the writer, Christopher Nolan, or the star, Tom Berenger?
Yes, Christopher Nolan also wrote The Prestige
For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway. This is a war novel that was released way back in 1940.
I sure do. He wrote To Have and Have Not and The Sun Also Rises. Are you familiar with those?
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Yes he starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
Deadpool also stars Stefan Kapicic and Ed Skrein
Deadpool is a comedy
He is a Writer
Yes, he is. He was a speaking of the company's Spirit Soda Company.
Yes, he was a Colombian professional footballer who plays as a forward for French club Paris Saint-Germain
Are you looking for other books by John Green, or other thrillers?
I do not have a book similar to The Fault in Our Stars, but I can tell you that it was released in 2012 and is a young adult fiction book.
Have you read Xenocide or Wolf Brother? They are both dramas.
Yes, it was written by Ernest Hemingway and is a romance novel.
Enjoy!
James Franco is a wonderful actor. He starred in Palo Alto, Your Highness and Whatever It Takes .
This movie is based on a romantic comedy, have you seen any other movies?
It was released in 2003
Your welcome enjoy
Yes, she is a writer and actress. She wrote The Bonesetter's Daughter.
It is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
Yes, it's a good book.
Yes, he directed The Apostle. Are you familiar with that movie?
It starred Harrison Ford and Farrah Fawcett.
I don't have any information on that, but Robert Duvall did.
I don't have that information but Robert Duvall is a really good actor.
You're welcome.
Mark Waters directed The Amazing Spider-Man 2, The Incredibles and Ratatouille.
Tod Fennell also starred in that one as well as Emma Stone and Michael Fassbender.
It is a romantic comedy. Are you familiar with her?
You're welcome
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She has other books, Do you like the Romance genre?
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She also wrote Mansfield Park.
She wrote White Oleander as well as Paint it Black. Have you read those books?
The book was released in 2008 and is a drama. Paint It Black is a novel involving the punk rock scene.
You're welcome.
Akira Kurosawa is a Japanese film director. He directed Seven Samurai. Do you like Indie films?
I like adventure movies. Have you seen Akira Kurosawa? He passed away that year.
Seven Samurai stars Omar Sy, Takashi Shimura, Keiko Tsushima, and Daisuke Kato.
I'm sorry I don't have a link for that.
Me too! J.K. Rowling directed the movie.
Yes, he wrote Les Miserables didn't he?
Yes,that is correct. He also wrote The Book of Mormon
Cool! It was actually made into a movie in 1862.
Okay, he also wrote Tragedy of Macbeth
Once Upon a Time in the West is a western film similar to Open Range & Posse.
Shane has starred in many films such as The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas and the Ender's Game
Your welcome
Sure. Jodi Picoult wrote Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts. Have you read those?
The Poisonwood Bible is a fantasy book that you might enjoy.
You're welcome.
Yes, I like Charles Dickens. He wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop, have you read them?
Charles Dickens was influenced by A Christmas Carol, Oliver Twist. Does that interest you?
Yes, he did! That was a great book. I highly recommend it.
That's right! I agree that it's a good read.
Enjoy your reading!
He is a basketball athlete who lives in Long Beach, California.
No, I am not a huge basketball fan
I like to watch Football. My favorite sport is to watch.
No, but I haven't watched them play this season.
I have not seen it but I know that it was written by William Nicholson
He also directed Unleashed, The Aviator and The Black Dahlia, to name a few. Have you seen them?
I'm not sure. If you like comic movies, I might suggest X-Men 2 or World War Z.
Atlas Shrugged is written by Leonard Peikoff and Ayn Rand. We the Living and Anthem are similar.
Yes, he wrote We Are Not the Living. Do you like Ayn Rand?
The book was released on Ayn Rand the same year.
If I Stay was written by Gayle Forman, and is a fantasy novel. Do you like the book because it is also a film?
Sure. I recommend Wicked Lovely, Wildwood Dancing, When You Reach Me. All really good books.
You are most welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
You are welcome.
Mark Osborne directed The Little Prince, Kung Fu Panda and the Spongebob Square Pants Movie.
Yes, he was in that too! If you like Kung Fu Panda, you might also like The Last Airbender.
Well, he's been in a number of films including The Kung Fu Panda. He also did A Bug's Life, Monsters vs. Aliens, and Mystic River.
Great! I'll add Superbad to your watch list.
Of course! Are you interested in the author James Patterson or the genre?
Well, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
Yes, it is. Other fiction books you may enjoy are; Women in Love, The Polar Express, and The Little House Collection. Have you read any of those?
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
They are a really good basketball team, coached by Steve Kerr. Are you a fan?
Not much of a basketball fan. I do know that it is located in Oakland.
I do. I like to watch basketball from time to time. How about you?
I like football as well. Who's your favorite team?
Yes, he is a cricket player from India.
Yes. Gisele is a great player.
Yes. Bridget Moynahan stared in Coyote Ugly.
Sure, He wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read that one?
The Boy in the Striped Pajamas has genre Tragicomedy.
It was released in 1973 and is considered a Tragicomedy.
Enjoy!
Did you know it was written by Tony Gilroy?
I do not know who starred in Blood Out. I do know it was written by George Clooney.
It was released in 1995
You're welcome
Divergent is from the Utopian and Dystopian fiction genre. Would you be interested in other films in that genre?
Then you might enjoy The Hunger Games. The Giver is a young adult film, or The Hunger Games.
Actually this is a book by Tatiana de Rosnay. It was released in 2007 in English even the author and title sound of a different language.
Yes, she did and it was released in 2009.
She also wrote Rose in Bloom, Little Bear's Friend, and Shaun of the Dead.
Your welcome.
She wrote the Childrens novel Black Beauty
Anna is from England. She wrote the series of book for Black Beauty.
No problem. I hope you enjoy it.
Yeah, I like them a lot, my favorite is Beowulf. Do you know that one?
Yes, he does play the guitar.
I think it was a show as well.
Yes, Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline and was released in 2013. Do you like the author Christina Baker Kline?
No, Orphan Train is historical fiction. Do you like her work?
I really like all the work of Christina Baker Kline. Do you like her work as well?
Glad to help
Do you like the Thriller aspect of it?
Charlie Sheen is starring in this movie.
There's no information on that.
You're welcome.
Yes I do. J.J. Cohen starred in Back to the Future, which also stars Thomas F. Wilson. Have you seen it?
Yes, Back to the Future with Lea Thompson was really good. It was also considered a Sci-Fi movie.
Do you like Allegiant?
Yes, he did. That's a great movie. Do you like Kevin Zegers movies?
Yes, I like mystery too. Would you like to know more about this?
Zodiac is considered a thriller and it also stars Dustin Milligan.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He's a great actor. Did you know he starred in Zoolander?
Yes he does. Do you like football?
Not really a big football fan but I'd like to visit Lambeau Field some day.
Hayao Miyazaki wrote and directed The Pillars of the Earth, which is a fantasy film.
Ponyo starred in a lot of action adventure films. You might also enjoy the Witch of Blackbird Pond.
It was released in 2005 and starred Denis O'Hare and Princess Mononoke.
You're welcome!
Good choice! The Bourne Identity is starring Matt Damon. He also starred in Wild Bill and Love Actually. Have you seen those movies?
I recommend The Mists of Avalon which is a mystery and The Lawnmower Man.
LOL! I'm sure you'll love it!
It's a psychological thriller, I think you'll enjoy it!
Sure! I'll play it for you now.
I am a fan of him, he is a quarterback for the New orleans Saints. Do you like him?
I'm not sure if he had a whole career but I know he's married to Gisele. She was very talented.
It would be nice if they go, they have a good day.
Sure! Bruce Willis was in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen it?
Have you seen A Good Day to Die Hard? It's more of a classic, but both of these are very old.
Richard E. Grant and Tom Hanks also star in it.
I am not sure about that. I just know that Elisabeth Shue is in it as well.
I will do! Enjoy!
You're welcome.
Gran Torino is starring Clint Eastwood and Dreama Walker is an independent film . You may also like another clint East wood film Million dollar Baby
F. Scott Fitzgerald starred in Warm Bodies with Cory Hardrict.
Dallas Cowboys starred in this movie as well. Do you like his acting?
You are very welcome, please enjoy
I would recommend Radiance and Warbreaker.
It was released in 2004. It is a romance/comedy book.
It was released in 2004. Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy!
Mandy Moore is a similar movie
One of my favorites is The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen that one?
I am not sure, but I can tell you that Molly Shannon starred in The Daytrippers as well as Mary Shelley's Frankenstein.
That is a great book. The next in the series is Speaker for the Dead. Do you like science fiction?
Yes, he wrote The Gate Thief and Xenocide. Do those sound interesting?
Have you read the whole series? Orson Scott Card is a good one.
Great, enjoy!
Sure, he directed the movie Three Kings. Are you a fan of adventure films?
He did star in Three Kings. That is a good movie.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Anthony Daniels is a director. He starred in The Making of Star Wars with Harrison Ford. Are you familiar with that one?
He has also been in the Star Wars films as well! Do you like science fiction films?
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome!
Forrest Gump starring Tom Hanks was an awesome movie
No, I do not have any information on any other movies
Your Welcome
I liked A Christmas Carol by Charles Dickens. Did you know that?
He is a great actor. Then you might also like The Last Samurai. Have you seen it?
Yeah, The Black Cat is a fantasy. Then you might like it.
Yes. Then you might like The House of Mirth written by Charles Dickens.
Not a problem. Enjoy.
That team is owned by Jeffrey Lurie, isn't it?
Yeah, they weredrafted to the New England Patriots.
I didn't know that. I know Philadelphia Eagles wasdrafted too.
I did not know that. I will have to check it out.
Do you enjoy Speculative fiction or fantasy?
Yes, it is considered speculative fiction. Other examples are The Last Olympian and The Sea of Monsters.
Yes, it is considered children's literature as well. Other books in that genre include The Witch of Blackbird Pond and The Giver.
I do not follow them a whole lot. I know the team is coached by Ken Whisenhunt and owned by Bud Adams. Do you watch their games ?
They played again in the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
It seems to be a lot of fun to go to but I would like to see them play again that year. My favorite team is the Redskins
Sure thing! Brad Pitt wrote Troy, which is a graphic novel. Do you like graphic novels?
Have you heard of X-Men 2 or World Without End? They are both historical fiction.
It's a great movie. United 93 stars Susan Sarandon and Michelle Pfeiffer. Do you like them?
Sure, enjoy!
Did you like the Sci-Fi aspect of it?
Do you haven't seen it yet?
It's a great movie! It stars Charlize Theron and Tom Hardy. I highly recommend it!
Oh really? I'll have to watch it again, it's a very good movie.
Yes, 50/50 is a Romance movie. A similar movie to 50/50 is the movie Shopgirl. Would you like to know more?
Yes, that's correct. I haven't seen it yet. I think I will watch it now.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can give you some information about her.
True Believer is another good book, Do you like books by Nicholas Sparks?
Nicholas Sparks is the author of Last Song.
No, it isn't a book for teens, but it does look like it is for a young adult fiction.
Hes great and has a wonderful wife in Gisele
Well Wildcats was written by John Lennon and is a Romance Film.
Yes, you might enjoy Couples Retreat. It is written by Vince Vaughn.
Are you in to sci-fi movies? The Alien movies were directed by the great James Cameron.
Volcano was a great movie, I also like SpongeBob SquarePants Movie, which is a sci-fi movie. Do you like those type of movies?
Tommy Lee Jones is a voice actor in the Science Fiction Sci-Fi movie Adventureland. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he was in Dante's Peak too. It's a horror movie too.
Enjoy
I did enjoy The Butterfly Effect. I remember it starred Ashton Kutcher and Amy Smart. I liked it.
William Scott starred in Stranger than Fiction. Have you seen that?
Great, you may like Shark Night. It stars Katharine McPhee.
Oh yes, he is most well known for staring in Star Trek
Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home is a Sci-Fi movie. Would you like to hear more about Walter Koeing?
The Voyage Home starred Kenny Baker and Michael Shannon. It is a Science Fiction Comedy. Do you like those kind of movies?
You are welcome. Glad to help.
ok
The Avengers, starring Denzel Washington are good ones. Have you seen it?
Yes, The Big Hit is starring Jake Gyllenhaal and Heath Ledger. It is a thriller, do you like these genres?
Your welcome.
Cesc Fabregas is an athlete and plays for the Spain National Football team. Do you like Football?
Yes the sport is great. Did you know Cesc Fabregas is from Barcelona?
I don't know much about him either. I know he was born in Spain.
They are pretty good. They were runners up in the 2003 NBA Finals.
I think he was a point guard in the game as well.
Yes, he did.
Memento is a movie starring Christopher Nolan. It's a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, William Morgan Sheppard and Christopher Nolan also star in The Prestige.
Yes, I have seen Wild at Heart and Transormers. Do you like these movies?
Calvin Harris is a well known DJ that has also wrote some songs like We Found Love, and Dance With Me.
Rita Ora is a dance pop artist. She has been influenced by Naomi Watts and Naomi Watts.
You're welcome. I hope you like it.
Adam Brown starred in the Hobbit series. Are you interested in fantasy genre?
Then I highly recommend watching Adam Brown. He also starred in the Lord of the Rings series.
Is there anything I can assist you with?
Certainly!
OK.
He is a basketball shooting guard, plus he won the NBA sixth Man of the Year Award.
Yes. I think he's really good. Do you like basketball?
Yes, i believe he is the current coach for the Los Angeles Lakers.
That was a good movie, starring Shia LaBeouf, Robert Baker and Ray Winstone.
Sure, you can watch the Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull
Sure, you can watch the Star Wars Holiday Special
Your welcome
Crescendo is a young adult fiction book written by Joel Coen. Do you like that genre?
She has also written Silence and Hush, Hush. Have you heard of them?
Great, I hope you enjoy.
Sure it was written by James Dashner and The Scorch Trials and The Kill Order are similar.
Young adult fiction isn't it, but it is also written by James Dashner.
OK. They are both young adult fiction.
Why certainly! A few of his films I recommend are Zodiac, The Good Girl, and The Day After Tomorrow. Have you seen any of those?
Perhaps you would like A Christmas Carol, it is a historical drama like The Life of Pi. It's a Wonderful Life.
He is a great actor. I liked The Day After Tomorrow, which is a really good movie.
Yes, he directed friends with Benefits. Justin Timberlake starred in it.
Annie stars Tika Sumpter and Thomas Lennon
Jamie Foxx also starred in A Beautiful Mind, have you seen that one?
The Notebook was written by Nicholas Sparks who as far as I know, writes nothing but romance novels. Do you like romance?
Yes, He was Message in a Bottle was released in 2001. It's an excellent book.
The Notebook was actually released in 2016 and the book was in English.
Mark Wahlberg wrote the book and it was Message in the BFG.
Yes, he wrote the book. Three Cups of Tea is another good one.
You are very welcome. He has a long list of books that have been made into movies.
Yes, Twilight: The Complete Illustrated Movie Companion is written by Rick Riordan. It's a great book.
It's a book that was written in 2002. Would you like to know more about the movie?
You're welcome!
Sure, are you interested in other books by the same author, Nicholas Sparks?
Chris Bigsby is a great author. He wrote The Crucible. Have you read that?
Yes, he also wrote The Crucible. Do you like musicals?
He also wrote The Crucible, it is a drama and a suspense book. Do you like speculative fiction?
Yes. It's been made into a play since I've heard of it.
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
They are. They are a good team.
Not too bad. They'll have to win Super Bowl XLVII, and their coach is Andy Reid.
You have The Strange Case of Dr. Jackyll and Mr. Hyde. Would you like to know more about that?
It is written in English and released in 1962
I like poetry. you are welcome.
you are welcome.
Yes I have! I think he is a very good artist. Do you like him?
Yes, Jessica Biel also had a spouse, Jessica Biel.
Yes, it's one of my favorite films. Kevin Spacey and Annette Benning were also in it.
Both were written by J.K. Rowling. They were released in 2016. She also wrote a book called The Silkworm.
She also wrote The Casual Vacancy, The Silkworm and The Casual Vacancy, among others.
It was released in 2014 and is in English. It was a book about a boy with facial differences attending elementary for the first time. Does that interest you?
Of course, if you like that genre, you might like The Red Pony or The Last Summer (of You and Me). Do those interest you?
Sorry, I don't have that information right now. But, I can tell you that it was released in 1990.
Both were written by J.K. Rowling. They were released in 2016. She also wrote the Harry Potter series.
I don't know any others. Are there any other books you were interested in?
I'm not sure but the book is in English.
I'm sorry, I'm not sure if it is in English.
I dont have that information, but I can tell you that she wrote .
You're very welcome.
I do! Total Recall has a genre of thriller and science fiction. Would you like titles related to these genres?
I don't follow football so I don't know much. Do you follow it?
I like Basketball a lot. What is your favorite team?
I have never seen it. I love reality TV. Have you ever seen it?
I do. I liked the movie Space Jam.
Yes. I would have to check those out.
Inception starred Tom Hardy, Michael Gaston, Michael Gaston, and Christopher Nolan. Are you interested in this movie?
Yes, that's right. Would you like me to add it to your watch list?
Enigma was released in 2002 and it is a drama/thriller.
Added to your watch list.
Rob Reiner is an author he wrote This Is Spinal Tap.
I definitely can, Rob Reiner is also a director and wrote This Is Spinal Tap.
One of his produced is The Fault in Our Stars.
Your welcome.
Yes. Jamie Ford wrote Songs of Willow Frost. You like her?
They are fiction. I am not sure of the exact year.
Your welcome.
I agree! She has a good voice. She's been in a lot of movies. Would you like to hear some of them?
I'm not sure. I don't have any information on that one.
It's anice, I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
Did you like Michael Parks because he was in a comedy?
They didn't win but they were runner ups in the 1986 & 1975 World Series. Are you a baseball fan?
Baseball is my favorite team. Are you a baseball fan?
It would be considered a baseball team, as well as the Boston Red Sox. Do you have a favorite team?
I think he is a very talented golfer. What's your opinion
Hi, I am not sure. I know he won the 2012 PGA Championship.
That sounds interesting, he's a good golfer. He had a relationship with Tiger Woods since he won the 2010 Masters Tournament.
Yes. The Hurt Locker is directed by Kathryn Bigelow
Yes he did, he also starred in Thor
Sure, it also stars Jeremy Renner, do you know the genre of this movie?
Sure thing. Happy to do it.
I don't know a whole lot but I do know they are part of the NFC West.
No that is true. He was born in Houston
Not really, but I do like college football. I like college football
I don't know a lot about him. Is he a professional footballer?
I know that Aguero is also a Manchester United F.C. team. I don't like him. I think he's a good player
I don't really know much about soccer, but I'm more of a baseball fan
Unfortunately i have not read the book or heard of Gabriel Garcia Marquez the author.
Another similar book is El amor en los tiempos del cólera.
Yes, it is written in English.
Sure. Do you like books written by James Patterson or the genre?
It is! It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Ok, it was written by James Patterson. It is also a fiction novel.
You're welcome!
Yes, its a great movie by Ian McEwan. It was released in 2001.
Yes, I can recommend What's Up in the Air and Waiting to Exhale. Both are excellent romance films.
Have you heard of Apocalypto? It's more of a Tragicomedy.
Yes! He starred in Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow. Have you seen those?
Great, some great thriller films that you may enjoy are Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee, and Kyla Pratt.
Sure, some of the actors in the film are Zombieland, Corey Johnson, and Rosario Dawson.
No problem! Enjoy!
Sure, Snow Flower and the Secret Fan is written by Lisa See and it is an adventure novel released in 2005. Have you read it?
The Sheltering Sky is considered Children's literature, Fiction, and Children's literature.
Of course, I think you would enjoy Into the Wild by James Patterson. Have you read that one?
I did not know that! I had heard that Saina Nehwal is an athlete that plays Badminton and he was also a athlete.
That is true, as did The London 2012 Summer Olympics.
Yes it is. It was written by William Shakespeare. If you like his work I can make some recommendations for you.
Yes, it is a great classic. I think you'll really enjoy Romeo and Juliet.
Yes she is. You should check it out.
Sense and Sensibility is a book written by Jane Austen. Would you like other books by her?
Pride and Prejudice was also written by Jane Austen
I think he's a good singer and actress. Did you know he starred in Desperado!
I think she is a good actor. Did you know she also starred in The Muppets?
You should check out The Dance-pop and The Muppets if you like dance-pop.
It starred Leonardo DiCaprio and Frances Conroy. Are you fan of either of them?
James Franco and Ben Stiller also starred in The Aviator.
He had a starring role in Titanic. Anything else I can help with today?
Ok.
He wrote School Daze, starring Kasi Lemmons.
Yes, she is also in it. It is a romance film that was released in 2007.
You're welcome!
She wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read either ?
It's a Family Saga and Psychological Thriller. Do you like those genres?
I do not know about the Historian. I do not have any information on the subject of the Swan Thieves
Absolutely, I will send it right now
I believe he is an athlete but can't recall what sport he plays. Wait, I think it's Golf.
yes i love golf. what is your favorite sport?
yes Williams is a great tennis player. who is your favorite tennis player?
i like to watch college football and some basketball. what about you?
i have never been to a professional boxing game. what is your favorite sport?
i have never been to a professional boxing game ever. who is your favorite?
I think they are a pretty good team. Do you like them?
Cam Newton. He is the current quarterback for the Atlanta Falcons.
My husband is a Patriots fan.
I would recommend Un di Velt Hot Geshvign by Marion Wiesel as well.
I know that Marion Wiesel attended Rice and Radford Universities. sorry I couldn't help with that.
Yes, The Man in Havana was written by Marion Wiesel and was released in 1958. That is a great book!
Ethan Suplee starred in Vulgar
Not sure. However, Ethan Suplee starred in X-Men 2. He also starred in Clerks.
Yes. William Lee Scott starred in the Butterfly Effect. He also starred in The Final Destination.
You are welcome.
They work under multiple labels including Warner Music, Universal Music and Republic Records. Do you like them?
I think so. Gwyneth Paltrow did have a cameo appearance in Marvin's Room.
I have never heard of that one. Can you tell me who its on it?
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help with?
Not too much but they were the runners up in Super Bowl XXXI. You like them?
Yeah, it is! But the movie is a lot of fun to watch. Do you like any other teams?
Oh, I didn't know that. I think the team is playing the Titans today.
Oh wow, I didn't know Payton won that award too.
Terry George has directed Hotel Rwanda, starring Sophie Okonedo and Joaquin Phoenix. He is quite a director!
That's a great question. He also directed the Young Sherlock Holmes.
That movie is in the drama genre.
Your welcome
Beatrix Potter wrote The Tale of Peter Rabbit.
It was released in 2011. It has a genre of Drama and Fantasy. Do you like those genres?
It actually has a few professions as well! Beatrix Potter is famous for writing the Harry Potter series.
You're welcome.
Sure! It was written by Michel Gondry. Would you like to know more about it?
He also starred in The Wolverine, which is a science fiction film.
That is a thriller. Is that what you want to know?
It is a romantic comedy. I hope you enjoy it.
That is a romance and it was released in 2010.
Alice in Wonderland was written by Tim Burton.
Lewis Carroll wrote The World's End. Anything else i can help you with?
Are you looking for anything else by Lewis Carroll?
You're welcome
The Incredibles is written by Brad Bird. Brad Bird starred in Ratatouille. what else can i do for you?
The Incredibles was made into a movie. The Road to El Dorado is a good family friendly movie.
William Hurt and Ty Burrell were also in Ratatouille. It's family friendly.
Yes. He is an American professional basketball player for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association. Are you interested in Basketball?
I don't know much about it, I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I watch the Superbowl for the commercials.
I like basketball and baseball.
I'm not a big fan of baseball but I do know it's been a long time since I've seen a few games.
I do,a ctually. It's a good movie. Do you like that genre of movies?
I really like when she and Seth Meyers (Late Night with Seth Meyers) went day drinking? Have you seen that clip?
I haven't heard much of her music but I do like Taylor Swift! I like her too, do you like her?
Yeah, I like her music but I don't listen to much of her music. I think she is very talented.
I like heavy metal and rock as well.
Hot Fuzz is a black comedy starring Jim Carrey and Marcia DeBonis. It was released in 1994.
Good Kill might be worthwhile.
In that case, you might enjoy Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee, or Zodiac, a thriller.
Sure, Rum Diary stars Robert Downey Jr, and Jake Gyllenhaal
You're welcome
I do not like Golf, but I know that Jordan Alexander Spieth is an American professional golfer on the PGA Tour and former world number one in the Official World Golf Ranking.
Did you know he is from Dallas?
I haven't played any games but I do like golf more. Do you like golf?
Serenity is starring Anna Kendrick and Robert Duvall.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
You're welcome. Enjoy !
It is both a Sci-Fi and Action Film.
You're welcome!
Michael Gondy is an actor who starred in movies like Wild Bill and Welcome to the Punch.
Be Kind Remind starred Quinton Aaron, Ben Affleck and Michael Fassbender.
I love them!!! Adam Levine is an amazing performer.
I like them too, I like lloyd banks
Okay, I'll have to check them out, thank you for the recommendation.
He is one of the best actor of all time. Did you know he starred in The Wiz?
I didn't know that! She's a talented actress.
That's cool. i'll have to check it out.
He is a football player. He is in the Argentina national football team
I prefer American football, but UK football isn't really my thing right now.
I do not follow soccer, but I have heard of him. I think he is very talented.
Yes, Puss in Boots and Far Far away are like Shrek.
Yes, have you seen Superman Returns?
Both Zoey Deutch and Rob Riggle are in it.
You're welcome.
Lea Thompson starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wild Life. Do any of those sound interesting?
Lea Thompson is the main star. Are you a fan of hers?
I am not sure who starred in the Wild Life. I do know it was written by Lea Thompson and is a drama.
Becca Fitzpatrick wrote Hush, Hush, and Crescendo.
She also wrote Silence to the Lambs, which is a young adult fiction novel
Hush hush is generally considered a fantasy novel
You're welcome
Do you mean the movie, or the writer?
He also wrote, directed and starred in the comedy True Grit
Zoe Kravitz is in it.
You're welcome!
He directed Rango, a popular western movie. He also wrote this as well.
It is a drama starring Gil Birmingham and Denzel Washington.
Yes, Rango is considered an action film. Do you like action films?
Your welcome!
21 Jump Street is a great Action Adventure movie. Have you ever seen him in Valentine's Day?
Ride Along has genre Adventure. Is that what you are looking for?
That is what I am here for.
I'm sorry I don't have any suggestions for comedy movies.
Is there anything in particular you would like to know?
The Tale of the Body Thief is a young-adult fiction book. You might like Black Elk Speaks in that genre.
The Vampire Chronicles is a great book in that genre. It's written by Richard Condon.
The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins, who also wrote Gregor and the Marks of Secret. Perhaps that would be a good book.
I'm not sure. But I can tell you The Hunger Games was released in 2009.
No problem!
She is a musician who wrote Mansfield Park. Have you heard of her?
Mansfield Park is considered a historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Mansfield Park is considered a romance. Do you like romance books?
I believe the genre is murder mystery. Do you like mystery movies?
Probably. Did you like the movie Murder on the Orient Express because it was written by Brian De Palma?
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
The genre is more of a historical fiction. Is that anything else you would like to know?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Les visiteurs and Amélie are good ones. Have you seen these?
Amelie is a horror film also starring Nicholas Cage. It's a very good romantic comedy.
You're welcome. He also starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and Gone with the Wind.
I do! I love his song Someone Else Calling You Baby. Aren't those good?
Yes, he is. He was born in Leesburg. He's a great singer.
He is with the Beatles and has won a Grammy for Best Original Song.
Great actor. He starred in Viva Zapata!, The Young Lions, and The Wild One. Have you seen those?
He also starred in Viva Zapata. The Young Lions is a drama film.
I'd say it's more of a drama, but I'd say it's more of a drama. I'd highly recommend it!
Are you referring to the basketball player?
Yes I am a fan of the Miami Heat. How about you?
Yes, he did win the NBA All-Rookie Team
Thanks for the information. Do you know anything about LeBron?
Mervyn Peake is a artist and author, she wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and was influenced by Michael Moorcock
Yes it was. It was written in 1886.
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Sure, he wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Would you like to know more about that?
Scarlett Johansson starred in it as well and it was directed by Tony Gilroy
Yes she was and she also starred in The Notebook.
Enjoy!
Drinks are the only one I have to recommend.
It is a mystery, did you want to know more about it?
I think he was best known for his role in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
2002 was a great year for movies.
I am not sure Gabourey Sidibe is in a relationship with John Lennon
The sequel to The Dark Knight is Batman Begins.
I would recommend World War Z. It's a great comedy and fantasy movie.
I dont have that information but if you like adventure movies you will like The Fighter and Knight of Cups.
It is a blockbuster starring Robert De Niro and David Bautista.
I hope you enjoy it.
The complete Anne of green gables, blue castle and the Rilla of Ingleside. Want to know more?
It came out in 1927.
The Witch of Blackbird Pond came out in 1926.
Sure, Christopher Meloni also starred in Wet Hot American Summer. You might enjoy that one too.
Then you might enjoy The Warrior's Way, it is a drama.
Robin Williams, and Ethan Hawke are all in it. It's a good movie.
You're welcome!
It was written by Stephen King. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, he did. It is a crime fiction film. Did you know that Peter Jackson starred in it?
Would you like to hear about other horror movies?
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
He was the composer of Who's That Chick and Where Them Girls At. Have you heard those songs?
Yes he is a great performer but I do like his music.
I like his song Call Me Maybe. Do you have a favorite song of his?
I like him too. He has a nice voice, do you like him?
Sure. The Interview was written by Cyrus Norwrasteh which also directed The Young Messiah.
It is a drama and action movie. Do you like that genre?
Absolutely! I hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome have a great day
It was a great comedy starring Seth Rogan and Katherine Heigl. Do you like comedies?
2011 was the year that released Funny people.
Besides Eminem, Ray Romano also starred in The Wash and Funny People.
You're welcome.
Paul Pogba is a football player for Manchester United F.C. and he plays the forward position
Yes that is true, they were the runner ups in the 1976 Cup Final.
I do like American football.
I see that Ryan Griggs played with the Seattle Seahawks but I don't know much about him.
I'm not a big fan of him, but I do know he directed The Fate of the Furious
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes he did, alongside Jamel Lee.
Sure, do you like her book because she starred in the romance film The Fugitive?
I do not have that information but I can tell you she is very talented who starred in the movie The Fault in Our Stars.
Yes, he is from the United States.
Yes, she starred in The Lacuna, The Lacuna, and The Lacuna.
It is a Romance novel similar to The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
Zoe's Tale is a science fiction novel written by John Scalzi.
You're welcome.
I think she's a very talented singer. I love her music. She's a little too dramatic for me
Yes, he did. Did you know he also starred in Night at the Museum?
Those are great films. If you like Ashton Kutcher, I think you should also watch Beloved a lot.
Do you like this book because of it's author Charlaine Harris?
Then I highly recommend Dead to the World. It is speculative fiction as well.
It was written by Rob Cohen and released in 2004. It is a mystery/crime/action film.
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like action films?
Skyfall is a action adventure film. It was released in 2012
It stars Robert Duvall and James Coburn
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I don't follow football that much. I do know they were the runner-up team in Super Bowl XLIII.
I agree, they were runner up in Super Bowl XIX.
Yes, the Steelers were the runner up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Yes, The Usual Suspects is an Adapted form of Hoodwinked.
I like thrillers. Zodiac is another movie by Christopher McQuarrie.
Yes, I have seen that movie. It is a very good movie.
I do like hip hop. Do you like them?
I like alternative rock. How about you?
I am not sure about that. However, I like Metallica too.
Yes, it was written by John Green, do you like that book?
No, I am not sure. Do you like romance books?
Your welcome.
Interesting fact about TRON Legacy is that he was born in Miami and is a Family Saga. Do you like any of his work?
Olivia Wilde also starred in Year One with Jeff Bridges
Oliver Platt also starred in Anastasia Krupnik and The Good Girl
Not a problem
Sure. He directed Teacher Man. Have you seen it?
It's a basketball team. Do you like basketball?
I can't remember when it was shot there. I think Angela's Ashes was in it, too.
you're welcome!
21 Jump Street stars Channing Tatum and Amanda Seyfried. It's a great movie.
He also starred in Magic Mike.
I do not have that information.
You're welcome
I haven't seen it but I know it is written by Philip Van Doren Stern.
I love her! She has a wonderful voice. Do you like her music?
Yes, she is a great singer. She also starred in Thick as Thieves
Oh yeah she is. I think she is a great singer
Yes, he died so young. It was one of her best songs.
I think you'll like it. Enjoy
The Hobbit was released in 2001 and in the same year The Lord of the Rings was released.
The next book in the series is Lord of the Rings.
The Rock was released in 1996. Movies similiar to The Rock is Eagle Eye, and Wild side.
Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore. Do you like them?
Yes, that is correct. He was also in Lord of War. Have you seen that one?
James Rodriguez is a football/soccer player. He plays as a point guard with the Colombia national team.
Not really. I think they are part of the NFC South.
He plays midfielder
The Matrix is a great movie! Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
The Golden Compass is a good fantasy movie. It is also a sci-fi movie.
You're welcome.
Harold Ramis wrote Groundhog Day which stars Bill Murray, have you seen it?
It stars Bill Murray and Jason Bateman. Do you like either of them?
It is a romantic comedy, with some romance in it as well. Do you like that genre?
Vivica A. Fox and Kill Bill Vol. 1 together are really good films he was in.
The Sky Crawlers came out in 2002. Do you like horror films?
I'm not showing any other actors in the series, but I do know that The Sky Crawlers was directed by David O Russell.
I am not sure. Do you like any other actors in the Sky Crawlers?
Of course. You're welcome.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books, would you be interested in other books in the series?
W.W. Denlow also wrote The Secret Life of Bees, which is another. Have you heard of that one?
No problem! I hope you enjoy!
I'm actually not a fan of her. I like Tik Tok and Die Young. What about you?
I haven't heard that one, but I hear a lot of electronic dance music. Do you enjoy electronic dance music?
I didn't know she was born in Oakland, California. I love her music. Did you know she is from from Compton?
In Cold Blood was written by Truman Capote. He also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Murder by Death. Would you like more information about him?
Breakfast at Tiffany's starred Emma Stone and Emilio Estevez. Do you like either of them?
Breakfast at Tiffany's has a genre of Historical period drama and Comedy. Do you like those genres?
I know he was born in Atlanta but has won a couple of awards. Are you a fan of his?
SteveJobs is an actor, director, and producer. Two of his most well-known films are The Sanders and The Mad Ship. Have you seen them?
It's a Romance and Drama movie. Do you like those kinds of movies?
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
He was also in The Devil's Advocate.
I'm sorry I don't have that information either.
He wrote The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary and The Ugly Truth. Have you read these?
I am not sure but The Ugly Truth is a book written by Rick Riordan
It was released in 2010
Your Welcome
I'm not a big fan of basketball but I do know he's from Chicago too. Who do you like?
I don't know the name of the point guards. I know he won NBA Rookie of the Year award.
I've heard of Larry Bird, but I don't know much about it. I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
I've seen them a few times when they've played the Atlanta Braves. Aren't they in the National League too?
Do you know if that is their home venue for the Mets?
I've been a fan since they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLVII. What about you?
He is a good soccer Player. He plays at Mexico National Football team and Manchester United FC. Do you like soccer?
I agree. He's doing well for the Mexico national football team.
Oh, I like that movie too! It's been quite a while since I saw it.
Stephen Sommers wrote Van Helsing a thriller that incorporates the Vampire and Werewolf genre. Is that of interest?
It is a thriller like The Mummy Returns. You should definitely check it out.
Sure, The Mummy Returns stars Steve Buscemi and is also in the genre of Fantasy. Do you like either of those actors?
Yes, it's a fantasy movie. If you like that one, you might also like The Scorpion King.
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
Wow, of course. I did not realize it was released in 1996. Do you want something newer and Indie?
I think you might enjoy the Indie Film, How to Train Your Dragon. Have you heard of it?
Also in that Indie genre, it is a Psychological thriller. Would you be interested in seeing it?
Yes, Rogue Nation is an adventure movie. Would you like to hear more about it?
Sure, you might like "The Last Samurai" or "The Hunt for Red October."
Pound of Flesh is a great movie. It is written by John Green and is a Young-adult fiction.
I'll send it to you.
Sure can! I recommend A House of Night Novel by P.C. Cast.
The only one that I know of is Untamed: A House of Night Novel. Have you read that one?
I'm not sure about that, but I can recommend some other young adult fiction books.
Wicked Lovely also has a genre of Urban Fantasy and was written by Melissa Marr.
You're welcome, enjoy!
For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway. Would you like more books by him?
It is a romance novel.
To Kill a Mockingbird and The Manchurian Candidate might be also considered romance.
I hope you like them!
I like them and Tom Brady and Owner Robert Kraft
Not really, I think they are a good team. They're a runner-up in Super Bowl XLVII. You think that's what they're doing?
The wife's name is Marisa Tomlin. I am more of a New England Patriots fan myself.
The Town was written and starred in by Ben Affleck. Are you a fan of his?
Its a great movie. Did you know Peter Craig also wrote Callum Rennie?
I am not sure. I can recommend other movies with Eli Craig
Good. Have fun!
Sure, WALL-E is a great movie. Is it the genre you like?
The Incredibles and Transformers are also good. Have you seen them?
it stars Michael K. Williams and John Billingsley.
I don't know anything else he directed but he did write SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling
I think Katy Perry is a great singer and I also like her song Hot n Cold. Did you know she was a voice in The Skull?
Wow, I didn't know that. That is a funny film!
Yes, I'm not a big fan of Russel Brand. I think he is a best songwriter.
Starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn, what do you like about it?
I like him in 10 Days. Would you like to know more about him?
Yes, great movie too. Did you know he is also an actor? He was in There's Something About Mary.
I do! It starred Meryl Streep and Emily Blunt. It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romance and comedy?
I'm sorry, I do not have any information on other movies he was in
I do recommend it . It is a great movie
Of course, enjoy!
peter starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
It's a comedy.
Sure. Some other great Fantasy movies are: The Chronicles of Narnia, The Lion, The Witch, and The Wardrobe.
The main lead in this film is Jennifer Lawrence, Josh Hutcherson and LIam Hemsworth
You're welcome.
Thomas E Connolly starred in Zoom which is a science fiction film. Do you like science fiction?
The Scarlet Letter was written by Thomas E. Connolly and was released in 1850.
You're welcome.
I don't know too much about the movie but I know it was written by Sean Penn.
Yes, he is considered a writer and an Actor. He also wrote The Tree of Life and Into the Wild.
No problem! Enjoy.
A wonderful movie. It stars Johnny Depp and David Kelly.
The Rum Diary is a good one, very well written and directed by James Patterson. It's one of my favorites.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
Robin Hobb wrote The Dragon Keeper, Ship of Magic and Ship of Destiny, which are all great books.
Robin Hobb wrote The Dragon Keeper, Ship of Magic and Ship of Magic.
Ship of Magic is written by Christopher Paolini, who also wrote Wintersmith another good book.
You are welcome!
Yes, he wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Importance of Being Earnest. Have you read either of these?
Yes, it is. Dorian Gray is considered a classic as well. It's similar to Wilde.
I know it came out in 1987.
Great!
Throne of Glass is written by Sarah J Maas. It was released in 2012. If you like that book, you might also enjoy The Assassin and the Pirate Lord.
Yes, it was released in 2014. I don't have any information on that one.
Sure, there is The Assassin's Blade and Queen of Shadows just to name a few
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
Sure, Jennifer Ehle starred in Zero Dark Thirty, Taking Chance, Salt and Men in Black 3. What genre do you like?
Yes, Mark Boal wrote Zero Dark Thirty. He also wrote The Hurt Locker and Detriot.
I agree. She was also in The Republic of Love, which is a thriller.
I think he is one of the best players on the Colombia national football team.
I don't know much about him either. I know he plays for the Colombia national football team.
Ah, yes she is from Columbia. My team is the Redskins. Do you follow football?
Do you like a Thriller or the genre?
He also wrote James and the Giant Peach.
You're welcome!
My favorite team is the Redskins. Do you have a favorite football team?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. I also like them. How about you?
They are a football team - like the Dallas Cowboys.
I'm not much of a fan, but I do enjoy watching Paul Pogba play soccer, what about you?
I like football and baseball. What about you?
That's interesting. Did you know Alex Ferguson was from the United States?
Stephen Covey wrote this book, it is a self help selection about success. DO you want books by this author?
THe Cuckoo's Calling and The Pledge too. Have you read any of these?
The Best Man and The Fault in Our Stars was also released that year
Thank you for the recommendation.
Sure! It was written by Guillermo del Toro, and is a fantasy-action movie. Do you like the genre or the actors?
Yes the Choocolate Factory is a family genre movie and it is a mystery. Do you like those types of movies?
Oh yes I have heard of that one, I will have to check it out, have you seen it?
Have you seen the Pirates of the Caribbean: At the Water's Edge?
Yes, it was written by Lawrence Hauben starring Scatman Crothers. It is a Drama released in 1975.
The Man on the Moon is a great one! Another was War of the Worlds. Have you seen that one?
That is a great one. Then you might like War of the Worlds. It is a Historical period drama.
Well, if you like those, you should check out The House of Mirth, which is also a Romance film.
You're very welcome!
Yes, I do! Lauren Oliver wrote To Rome with Love. To Rome with Love is one of my favorites. What else can I answer for you?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
No problem. Enjoy!
Paul McCartney! He wrote Yellow Submarine.
That is true. Did you know that he also plays the piano?
Yes, he is also a member of the Velvet Underground.
I believe he plays for the Boston Celtics.
Yes, I think it was a Grammy as well!
Yes, I believe he was from Australia.
Stuck on You is a great movie similar to The Island.
He also directed Cloverfield, which is a sci-fi film.
It stars Jason Bateman and Farrah Fawcett. It's a very good movie.
Glad to be of help
I am not familiar with him but I know he was in the action film Harsh Times. Which is your favorite?
Yes, did you know he also starred in National Treasure?
The Prestige stars Christian Bale and Hugh Jackman, and is considered a horror film.
You're welcome.
Yes,it was written by Rick Riordan and is a fantasy book. Would you like to know more about this?
The Looking Glass Wars was written by Frank Beddor
your welcome
He is a professional footballer player. He plays as a forward for LA Galaxy. Do you like soccer?
Yes, the National Football team is a football team.
I am a Dallas Cowboys fan. What about you?
Sean Barrett wrote Xenocide. Are you a fan of speculative fiction?
Yes it was in English. I am not sure about the title.
Do you know if I can help you with anything else?
thank you
I am not a huge basketball fan but I do know they are owned by Leslie Alexander. Are you a fan?
I like basketball and football. What about yours?
I don't know a lot about basketball but I do know that they are coached by Steve Kerr.
I see he wrote Candide.
I don't have that information but it was released in 1726.
I highly recommend The Hangover or The Pillars of the Earth. They are both musicals.
You're welcome!
A Bear Called Paddington is a classic children's book. Have you read that one?
He also wrote the Tao of Pooh
You're welcome.
I don't know much about him except he's a soccer midfielder. Do you like him?
Yes, he is from Liverpool and plays for Manchester United F.C.
That's where the New England Patriots play. Do you like soccer?
They have a coach named Jose Mourinho.
I believe he played for Chelsea in the 2009 UEFA Champions League match.
Occasionally, yes. Football is my favorite. Who is yours?
This book is part of a series. the Dvergent Trilogy
You might enjoy The Hunger Games or The Giver.
No problem! Anything else you would like to know?
Pulp Fiction is a crime fiction. Would you be interested in some of the genres?
John Travolta also starred in Resident Evil. Do you like that genre?
Okay, great! Enjoy!
Yes, he is a soccer player for Real Madrid and Fluminense FC. Do you like soccer?
I believe it is a paranormal romance.
I don't know any other novels by him. But, Marina was released in 2005.
I'm not sure. However, Marina was released in 2005.
The version was released in Spanish.
No problem
Not really, but I know they are owned by Fred Wilpon and part of the National League East.
They have a few losses to them in the AFC West division. Are they your favorite team?
No. I'm not sure who coaches the Mets. I think they will make the playoffs do this year.
I think the Tennessee Titans is a good team.
I'm not a big fan of the Buffalo Bills. But I know they're in the AFC South division.
No, I don't care much for basketball. What about you?
Sure, it was written by Saulius Dagys.
Yes, I love her. She wrote The Pillars of the Earth which is a Children's Literature. Do you like her work?
Trace is written by Michael Connelly. It's a good read.
The movie Gone is written by John Scalzi.
Yes he is! Do you like crime fiction?
Sure this was released in 1891 and Influenced By Thomas Gray. Would you like to stay with the same author?
Thomas Hardy also wrote D'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
It was released in 1891.
It was released in 1891.
He was in Animal Kingdom: Let's go Ape.
Hugh Jackman and Jennifer Esposito were also in it.
Hope you enjoy them, enjoy!
Les visiteurs and Amélie are good ones. Have you seen these?
Valérie Lemercier and Christian Clavier are two of the main stars in that movie. Do you like them?
Yes, it is a English film.
You're welcome! Enjoy.
I know he's won the 2012 PGA Championship. Who does he play for?
Oh yes, Irish is from Ireland. Irish is such a fun place to visit. Did you know he was there?
Yup, they are all from Ireland. I love their music.
Oh, yeah, Tron: Legacy is starring Tom Cruise and Nichole Kidman. Nichole Kidman has a genre in it.
It is an action movie.
Well, there is also the sequel to The Island of Dr. Moreau, which is part of the series.
Great. Glad I could help.
District 9 is a Sci-Fi movie written and directed by Neill Blomkamp. He also directed Elysium.
The Neon Demon is a great movie. I think you would like this. It's part of a series.
The Neon Demon stars Bruce Willis and Danny DeVito. It's a thriller.
Certainly! It is a great movie. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I do! She sung A Thousand Years and Lovestrong right?
Yes, she did. And, he's from Nashville, too.
I like both of them.
Definitely! It's new too.
Sure. That was written by Diana Gabaldon. It is also a romance novel, is that a genre of interest?
Sure, I can recommend Zoe's Tale, Xenocide and Wyrd Sisters. They are all historical fiction.
Sure! He also wrote A House of Night, which is a historical novel. It's a fantasy novel which is also considered children's literature.
You're welcome!
Todd Phillips wrote The Hangover Part II which it is a comedy. Do you like comedy?
Have you seen Hangover Part II?
Old School is a comedy. It has genre Comedy. Do you like comedies?
I'd love to. I saw a movie called Space Jam. It was about basketball. Do you like that movie?
Yes, that is a great movie. It was written by John Grisham and is a Speculative fiction.
I haven't read it but I have heard of it. Hans Christian Andersen also wrote The Nightingale. Have you read that one?
Yes she did! Winter Garden was released in 2014. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No problem! Enjoy!
I'm not sure he wrote II Principe didn't he?
He wrote it in Spanish and Spanish. It is a good book.
Would you like to know more about these books?
There are many . Is there anything else I can help with?
Pete Docter directed Up and also directed Monsters, Inc. Does that sound interesting to you?
I don't know what else she wrote, but she did write the animated version of Up. You might like that.
It is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
The BFG is a family movie. It is also starring Craig Ferguson
You're welcome
Steve Kubiak is one of their major players though
Stanley Kubrick
I don't have information about Hardaway but I can tell you that he was a professional basketball player as well
I like Renaldo Balkman too , but he is a good player
The Gunslinger was written by Stephen King and released in 1982. Would you like more books by that author?
It was released in 2008.
You're welcome.
Shaft and Maximum Risk are excellent movies starring Zach Grenier from Fight Club.
Zodiac is a thriller, do you like that genre? It is starring Robert Downey, Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
I'm not sure of the producer. It is a production by David Fincher
The Cleveland Browns are fourth in the AFC North division for the 2018 season. I think their owner Randy Lerner would be happier with a better place.
I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. What do you think of the Browns?
I'm not sure. Are they your favorite team?
I was not a big fan of the Browns.
He wrote 1Q84 Books 1-2. He researched Japanese studies.
I don't see any information at the moment
It is a re-drama
Yes he also wrote  [Z no shmetsu]
You're Welcome
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre in memoir. You like those kind of books
I believe it is a memoir.
Sure. Saulius Dagys also wrote The Last Lecture. I think you would like that one.
You are welcome.
Yes, but tell me, are you only interested in the sci-fi genre?
Predator is also a Sci-Fi movie. Would you like to hear more?
Avengers: Age of Ultron and K-PAX are similar movies.
I don't have information about insurgent but I can give you more information about the movie
Your welcome.
Yes, Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995. Do you like the book because of its story line?
He also wrote The Honk and Holler Opening Soon.
He also wrote The Crucible. Have you read it?
Ok. Thanks.
Nathan Lane starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton have you seen it?
Yes it is! It was released in 2013. Are you a fan of Nathan Lane?
Yes, she is! She is a great actress.
Yes! She was! That was a great movie with Ben Stiller.
William Hurt was also in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Would you like to see that one?
F. Murray Abraham starred in Finding Forrester, The Grand Budapest Hotel and The Bridge of San Luis Rey, have you seen any of these?
Sure! Scarface is a thriller. He also starred in The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
I cannot find a science fiction movie.
Well it was directed by Chris Hemsworth, who also directed Scarlett Johansson. Do you like his work?
I believe it is. It's a superhero film.
Your welcome.
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
I like soccer and football. What's your favorite team?
Oh no. I enjoy watching college football, but i don't watch much football so I do not really know much about it.
I don't really follow them that much but I do know they are coached by John Fox. Are you a fan?
Did you know they lost to the Pats today?
I like the Steelers and the Texans.
If you like Outlander, yes. Outlander is written by Charles Dickens.
If you like Outlander, you might also enjoy The Scottish Prisoner or The Fiery Cross. They are both great Sci-Fi books.
Xeneo DiCaprio is the first sci-fi movie Outlander. If you love the animated sci-fi, Outlander is the best.
You're welcome.
I know it was written by Harper Lee but I haven't read it yet.
Then you'll like this book. It was written by Harper Lee
Kung Fu Panda is a great book written by the same author.
You're welcome
The coach is Lousi van Gall but thats really all i know. Do you like him>
Well, I know he's a German football player and plays for FC Bayern Munich, but I don't know much about him.
I believe he is a musician, actor and athlete.
Sure, One for the Money is a book by Kirsten Smith. Would you like to hear more titles from her?
That one was written by Meg Cabot. Have you heard of him?
Yes, it was. Stephenie Meyer also wrote The Chemist and The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner
Yes, she is a great writer. She also wrote The Chemist.
You are welcome!
Inside Out is a Thriller starring Seth Rogen and Danny McBride.
She was also in V for Vendetta.
This is the End is a comedy-drama. It's good!
Great, I hope you like it!
Great, have a wonderful day!
Well, he starred in I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With, which also starred Amy Sedaris. It's a romantic comedy. Do you like her comedy?
Yes she did . She also starred in a TV show called Women in Love.
She has starred in What Women Want also starring Sarah Silverman. It is a Science Fiction Comedy.
Sure! Ron Howard directed The Missing. He also directed A Beautiful Mind. Have you seen these?
Have you seen A Beautiful Mind? He directed that.
He also produced A Beautiful Mind which was a comedy.
Well, it seems he did. He also directed Escape from New York and starred in it.
Mr & Mrs Smith is written by Simon Kinberg and stars Vince Vaughn and Stephanie March. Are you interested in romance films?
Be sure to check out Troy and The Tree of Life. Both are epic films and are written by Brad Pitt.
Sure, Donnie Darko is a Thriller written by Richard Kelly and stars Seth Rogen along side Mary McDonnell. Do you like Thriller movies?
No, he did write the Box but I do know that Donnie Darko is starring Mark Wahlberg.
Yes, The Box is a Thriller. Other Thrillers include Shark Night and eXistenZ. Have you seen those?
You may also enjoy the Looking Glass Wars written by Frank Beddor. Have you seen it?
You're welcome. Enjoy.
Yes, I can.Throne of Glass is written by Rick Riordan. It is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
The Assassin's Blade is the genre of the movie
I can recommend The Assassin's Blade and Queen of Shadows.
Sure. Do you like thrillers? If so, you might like Shark Night.
Sure. The movie is based on a book by Hayao Miyazaki. Hayao Miyazaki also starred in it.
Enjoy!
Certainly, Beatrice Sparks wrote Go Ask Alice.
It definitely is. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome. And you're welcome.
Sure! Do you enjoy movies with Sandra Bullock in it or rom-com in general?
She has a lot in movies. You should check out Toy Story if you haven't seen it.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
Enjoy
Yes. I like Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he wrote Will Grayson, The Fault in Our Stars, and Looking for Alaska. Are you familiar with these titles?
It's a fiction book.
You're welcome
If you like Outlander, you might also like The Name of the Wind.
That was released in 2013.
It's a fantasy novel.
Eleanor & Park is a great book by Rainbow Rowell. Are you interested in hearing abiout similar books?
Yes, she also wrote My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories.
The Young Adult Fiction is a romance story
Your welcome
Yes, he wrote Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was. He was also in this movie! It was a really good movie. You should check it out.
There is Wreck-it Ralph produced by John C.Reilly. He also directed it.
I do! She's a Danish tennis player and was a former world No 1 in singles. She's a fantastic player
Did you know she starred in the movie Serena?
I'm guessing you mean the comedy she starred in?
Sure! Zach Snyder directed The Skulls. Have you seen that one?
I do not have that information, but I can tell you it is a suspense film that stars Stephen McEwan and Michael Pena.
Sure, it is a comedy, but it is also a thriller, so I would recommend Shark Night.
Sure, they are more of a thriller, but they are also dramas. Zodiac is another good one, have you seen it?
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing. It was good.
Ok, then you'll like The Golden Compass, written by Elizabeth George Speare. Have you read that one?
Yes, it's part of the Gemma Doyle series. It's part of the Gemma Doyle series. If you like children's literature you'll like it.
Sure, I'd recommend The Ruby in the Smoke and The Dolphins of Pern. They're both great.
Sure, I'll add them to your reading list.
Rebecca was written by Daphne du Maurie, in 1938.
It's a mystery. Do you like those types of books?
No. I do not know who starred in My Cousin Rachel.
No problem. I hope you enjoy it.
I really don't like them. I like their coach John Fox. Are you a fan?
Case Keenum was a Denver Broncos owner of the Broncos. Do you like him?
James Franco is their coach. Do you like football?
I like basketball and football. What is your favorite sport?
I do like basketball. Do you have a favorite team?
Yes! He is one of the most important player in Spain and in the Barcelona F.C.
I am not sure, but I know he plays forward. He is a midfielder.
That's right. They are the home venue for the Renaissance World.
Wrinkle in Time is a Science Fiction book written by Madeleine L'Engle. She also wrote The Jungle Book. Have you read this one yet?
It is also a Fantasy book. Do you like Fantasy?
You might enjoy the next book in the series, A Wind in the Door.
Correct. It was, it was also written by Robert O'Brien.
I do! I like his song Marry You. Do you have a favorite song of his?
I like Lose Yourself. He is a little too dramatic. Do you like that one?
Yes. I haven't heard that one yet, but I will definitely check it out.
Jules Feiffer wrote The Phantom Tollbooth which was a very good read!
It's about Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, have you read it?
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Well, I know he was a Heisman Trophy winner in the past and he is a popular quarterback these days.
The Wildcats are a professional American football team based in Chicago, Illinois
Harrelson is great in it!
I know he wrote Micmacs. He also wrote A Very Long Engagement which stared André Dussollier
Micmacs is a French Crime Fiction. It is also a film.
Oliver Platt and Jeff Bridges are in it. I'm not sure who stars in it.
Welcome
13 Reasons Why was written by Jay Asher and it's in the genre of young adult fiction.
Well, if you like young-adult fiction you might also enjoy The Future of Us.
No, I haven't read them, but they are definitely good.
It was released in 2007. I think he will enjoy it.
It's an autobiographical novel by Emma Stone. Does that interest you?
Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility are top reads by her.
I don't actually know when she was published. Sorry.
No problem, enjoy.
Sure! He wrote Michael Clayton. It starred George Clooney. Do you like that film?
You might like Zodiac or Yesterday Was A Lie. Both of those are mystery movies.
The Red Violin was released in 1987 and is a mystery-drama. Do you like that genre?
I'll add it now.
