Yes, do you like the movie because it is a sci-fi or action film?
It's a great action film. Do you like it because it's a comedy?
Yes, Death Wish is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller?
Yes, The Hitman's Bodyguard is a great action movie. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans.
She wrote The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian. Have you read that one?
I'm not sure about that but I do know she wrote The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian.
you're welcome
Yes, There's Something About Mary is written by John Scalzi. Do you like John Scalzi?
Sarah Silverman also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, X-Men Origins: Apocalypse.
I'm not sure who else starred in it. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Just Listen was written by J.R.R.R Tolkien.
she wrote Just Listen. Have you read that one?
Yes she did. She also wrote The Moon and More.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Don Cheadle starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
Yes, The Guard is a drama. Do you like dramas?
The Guard is starring Don Cheadle and Don Cheadle. Do you like comedies?
You're welcome!
Yes, he plays cricket. Do you like cricket?
He is a cricket player from India, he plays for the Mumbai Indians.
I don't know any players on the team, but I do know he is a cricket player from India.
Yes, he directed a lot of great films. He also directed XXXX. Have you seen that one?
Yes, it was written by J.R.R. Tolkien.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
I think he's a great basketball player. Do you like basketball?
I don't know much about him, but I know he is a basketball player.
I'm a fan of American Football. I'm a fan of American Football. What sport do you like?
Who is your favorite player? I think he is a great player.
I like to watch Cricket from time to time. What is your favorite cricket team?
Sure! Hot Fuzz is a sci-fi thriller starring Tom Hanks. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was in that movie. Do you like him?
I'm not sure, but I do know that it was released in 2005.
You're welcome!
Frank Finlay starred in a lot of great films. He also starred in X-Men Origins: Apocalypse.
Wild Geese, Twisted Nerve, Twisted Room are some of the Romance genres you might like.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a great movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
I haven't seen Pledge, but I do like thrillers like The Pledge.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Yes, he directed 3 Days to Kill. Have you seen it?
We Are Marshall was written by John Scalzi and is a drama.
Brian Geragtly starred in We Are Marshall. Would you like to know more about this movie?
Brian Geraghty also starred in We Are Marshall and This Means War. Have you seen either of these?
Yes, it is a horror film.
You're welcome.
Yes, it was written by Laura Esquivel and released in 1989.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
William Friedkin directed a number of movies. He directed a number of great films. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Yes, he directed The Hunted. Have you seen that one?
The Devil and Father Amorth is a Thriller/Thriller directed by William Friedkin.
The Great Gatsby is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like Speculative fiction?
Do you like fiction books? I recommend The Great Gatsby.
The Surgeon was written by J.R.R.R. Tolkien.
Do you like the clockwork princess because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Yes she has. She also wrote The Shadowhunter's Tale. Have you read either of those?
Sure! I hope you enjoy!
You're welcome!
Unforgiven is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
They are both Sci-Fi movies. Do you like those genres?
The Blood of Heroes and Blade Runner is a great Sci-Fi movie.
Sure! Josh Hutcherson starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen either of those?
Josh Hutcherson also starred in The Hunger Games Triology.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, she was in the 80's. She was also a singer. Do you like her music?
She was a singer, songwriter, and a musician. She was also a voice actor.
Yes, he did, and he was also a producer and a director.
Suresh Raina is a cricket player from India. Do you like cricket?
Yes he played for the Chennai Super Kings. Do you like Cricket?
You're welcome
Amy Poehler wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you read that one?
Xenocide is a good one. what else can i do for you today?
Lorne Michaels starred in Mean Girls. what else can i do for you today?
Tina Fey wrote Mean Girls. what else can i do for you today?
Arsenal is a sports team. Are you a sports team?
I'm a fan of the Dodgers. I'm a Dodgers fan. Do you like Dodgers?
You're welcome!
He directed a lot of great films. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Jane Adams also starred in The Wackness. Have you seen it?
I am not sure about that, but Mary-Kate Olsen also wrote The Wackness
You're welcome
Sure, he starred in a lot of movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Liam Neeson also starred in Taken 2 and Taken 2.
It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You're welcome
I'm not a huge fan of the Green Bay Packers, but I think they are a good team. Do you like them?
I'm not sure about his recent problems, but he was drafted by the New England Patriots.
I agree, he's a great player. I think he's a great player.
Iron Man is a sci-fi film. Do you like sci-fi?
Yes, Peter Gallagher is a writer and a screenwriter. Do you like his work?
Did you know Tate Donovan also starred in that movie?
Yes, he wrote Good Night, and also starred in the movie. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Do you like Odd Thomas because it's a speculative fiction novel?
It was written by J.R.R.R Tolkien. Do you like his work?
Sure, he also wrote Into the Wild. Have you read that one?
Sure! Do you like Treasure Island because it's a mystery or because it's a romance novel?
Treasure Island is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
You're welcome
I think Nikki Minaj is a great tennis player. Are you a fan of him?
I don't know a lot about Nicki Minaj, but I know he is a lyricist. Do you like his music?
I don't know much about Nicki Minaj, but I know he was influenced by David Guetta. Do you like him?
Sure! Something Borrowed was written by Stephen King. Do you like him?
That's right. Did you know Emily Griffin also wrote Where We Belong?
Emily Griffin also wrote Where We Belong. She also wrote Where We Belong.
You're welcome!
Yes, Judd Apatow wrote The Matrix Revisited and The Matrix Revolutions.
Groundhog Day was produced by John Scalzi.
Yes he did, he also starred in a movie called X-Men Origins.
I'm not sure about that, but I do know he directed Year One. Have you seen that one?
I don't have any information on that film. Is there anything else I can help you with?
He's written a lot of great films. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a composer and composer. Do you like him?
Yes he is, he is a great singer.
Yes he is a great singer and he is also a musician
I like Ryan Ross, he is a great singer.
There's Something About Mary is written by J.R.R.R Tolkien.
That's a great movie starring Ben Stiller and Matt Dillion. Do you like Ben Stiller?
It is a Romantic Comedy starring Willie Garson and Willie Garson
Sure! Mary Ann Shaffer wrote The Secret Life and Life of Pi. Have you read either of those?
The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society was released in 1891.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Yes, do you like it because it was written by George Orwell?
Yes, he also wrote A Fairy Story. Have you read that one?
Yes, she is a great author. Did you know she was born in New York City?
It was released in 1891.
It's a romance novel
You are welcome
Oldboy is a drama/mystery movie. Do you like that genre?
Sure! Oldboy is a Thriller/Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Lady Vengeance is starring Kyla Pratt and Kyla Pratt.
Sure, she starred in a few thrillers. She also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
You're welcome!
Ang Lee is a great actor. He starred in a number of movies. Have you seen any of those?
He produced a number of films, including X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, Woody Allen wrote The Assassination of Azkaban. Have you heard of that one?
Zsa Gabor is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like Speculative fiction?
Touch of Evil has a genre of Thriller and Drama.
Jurassic park is written by Roberto Orci.
Yes, there was a Jurassic park movie called Jurassic Park.
Yes, he also directed Jurassic World.
Isn't he a golfer from Murrieta?
Rickie Fowler is a professional golfer from Chicago. Do you like golf?
Yes, that is a great movie. I think it is a great movie. Do you like golf?
Sure! The Hobbit is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like Speculative fiction?
The Hobbit is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
Yes, I do. The Lord of the Rings was written by J.R Tolkien.
Wes Craven starred in Wes Craven. Have you seen it?
Then you might like The Last Man or The Last Man. Both are great thrillers.
Yes, he's a great actor. He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Jurassic Park is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
If you like sci-fi films, you might like The Lost World: Jurassic Park. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure about that, but I do know X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a great sci-fi film.
Sure! Bob Peck starred in a number of films. He also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine.
Yes, he was born in New York City and starred in Surviving Picasso.
Joss Ackland also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen any of these?
The Little Prince has genre Thriller and Thriller.
You're welcome!
I think he's a great quarterback for the New England Patriots. Do you like him?
Yes, he was in Stuck on You. He also starred in The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen it?
That's a good one. I think he was also in The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that one?
Yes, it's a great book written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King?
He also wrote Die Hard with a Vengeance. Have you seen it?
Yes he did and he also wrote Die Hard with Bruce Willis. Have you seen this movie?
Great! I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, Alien is written by J.R.R Tolkien and is a Thriller. Do you like Alien movies?
Sure, I can recommend X-Men Origins: Wolverine, X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and X-Men Origins: Apocalypse.
Sure! Bats is a series of horror movies. The first in the series was released in 2010.
You're welcome!
Sure, he directed The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen those?
Then you might like Zoolander. It's a great sci-fi movie.
Yes, he did. Saw III is a sci-fi movie starring Kevin Dillon.
You're welcome!
Sure! Alice Braga starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen any of those?
Repo Men was written by Roberto Orci.
Eric Garcia also wrote Xenocide. Have you seen it?
Sure! Brett Helquist wrote The Secret History of Sherlock Holmes. Have you read any of his work?
Sure, The End is written by Brett Helquist and is a speculative fiction novel.
The End is written by Brett Helquist and is a speculative fiction novel
Yes, he is a great singer. Do you like him because he is a singer?
Yes, he has a son named Justin Timberlake. Do you like him?
No, I haven't seen it but I think it was a great show. Do you like him?
I hope you enjoy the show!
Yes, Noah Emmerich is a writer and a director. Do you like his work?
He starred in Windtalkers and Warrior. Have you seen those?
Windtalkers is starring Kyla Pratt. It's a drama. Do you like dramas?
I hope you enjoy it!
I think he's a great football player. I think he's a great player.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he plays for the Argentina national football team.
I'm not sure about that, but I do know that he is a player on the Argentina national football team.
Sure, it was written by Richard bach and released in 1988.
Jack Thorne also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Have you seen it?
I'm a fan of the Kansas City Chiefs. I'm a fan of the Kansas City Chiefs. Do you like them?
That's right! I'm a fan of the Kansas City Chiefs. They're in the NFC North division.
That's right! I'm a fan of the Kansas City Chiefs. They're in the AFC West.
Sure! Eoin Colfer wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you read that one?
Yes, that was the year that released The Lady Elizabeth
Yes, it was written by Allison Weir
Yes, he is a great singer. Did you know he starred in the movie The Weeknd?
Yes, he is a great singer. Do you like his music?
I'm not sure about any of his songs, but I do know he's a composer and a musician.
You're welcome!
He is an American professional basketball player who plays point guard for the Chicago Bulls.
I'm not sure if they have a game in Boston, but I do know they have a team in the NBA.
I'm not sure about the final score, but I do know they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Sure! Christopher Nolan directed The Dark Knight Rises and The Dark Knight Rises.
Yes, he is a writer and a politician. Do you like his work?
Yes, рестуление is written in English.
Yes, it was released in 1866.
You're welcome!
Yes, The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Then you might like The Great Gatsby or The Great Gatsby. Both are fantasy books.
I'm not sure about the Game of Thrones series, but I do know the Game of Thrones series is based on the fantasy genre.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a midfielder for the Germany national football team.
He is a midfielder and plays for Dortmund. Do you like him?
Yes, he is a midfielder on Borussia Dortmund. Do you like him?
Yes, it is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a romantic comedy?
Sure! A Corn of Thorns and Roses is written by J.R.R.R. Tolkien. Do you like books by J.R.R Tolkien?
She wrote A Corn of Thorns and Roses and A Corn of Thorns and Roses.
She also wrote The Assassin's Blade which was released in 2014.
You're welcome
Sure, he directed The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen any of those?
I'm not sure when it came out, but Kate Winslet also starred in Titanic.
Titanic came out in 2010.
You are welcome
Yes, she is a great actress. Did you know she starred in a movie called Madame Bovary?
Have you heard of Madame Bovary? She also wrote Madame Bovary.
Yes, it is a romance novel.
Sure! She's written a lot of great books. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I think Venus Williams is one of the best female tennis players of all time.
Did you know Martina Navritalova is a tennis player?
That's interesting, I think she is the best female tennis player in history.
Yes, Michelle Wie is a Korean professional golfer from Honolulu.
Yes, she won the U.S. Women's Amateur Public Links.
That's amazing! Did you know she won the LPGA Tour in 2005?
Sure! She's a great author. She's written a number of books. Is there a particular genre you are interested in?
Reflected in You and One With You is a novel by Sylvia Day.
Yes, she also wrote a book called Into the Wild.
Sure! Margaret Atwood wrote The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby. Have you read either of those?
Sure! Margaret Atwood wrote The Handmaid Tale. It's a romance novel.
You're welcome.
The Handmaid's Tale is written by Margaret Atwood and is considered a dystopian novel.
Yes, he is a great player and plays for the Uruguay national football team.
Sure. Carlos is a Thriller film starring Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Sure! Untamed: A House of Night Novel was written by J.R.R.R Tolkien. Do you like it because it is a fantasy novel?
Sure, Tahereh Mafi wrote The Secret of the World. Have you heard of that one?
Yes, Ignite Me was released in 2014.
The World of Ice and Fire was written by George R.R. Martin and was released in 2014.
Yes, I do. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Yes, Wally Lamb wrote the book Wally Lamb. Have you read it?
I am not sure when it was released, but I do know that it was released in 1891.
You're welcome!
Sure! Marc Forster directed The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
Machine Gun Preacher is a thriller and Finding Neverland is a thriller.
Mark Forster starred in Neverland. It is a drama film.
Neverland was released in 2010.
Sure, I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome
Yes, John Knowles wrote A Separate Peace. Have you read it?
It's a romance novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Un Lun Dun is a Speculative fiction novel written by John Knowles.
You're welcome
Sure! Do you like Emma because it's a romance novel?
Jane Austen wrote Jane Austen's books. She also wrote The Secret History of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
Jane Austen also wrote Wuthering Heights. Have you read that one?
She wrote Wuthering Heights and Wuthering Heights. Both are great historical dramas.
The Giver is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like Speculative fiction?
Have you read The Giver? It is a young adult fiction.
You're welcome.
Do you like Fight Club because it's a thriller or because it's a thriller?
Yes, I can. Straw Dogs is a great movie.
You're welcome!
Sure! Do you like Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix because it is a fantasy?
Then you might like the Harry Potter series. Part 1 and 2 are fantasy movies.
You're welcome!
Sure! Mindy Kaling wrote a number of books. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Sure, it was written by Mindy Kaling and released in 2010. It's a fiction novel.
It's a fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Sure, Aylmer wrote мерт ли and нна ли.
Anna Karenina also wrote нна нна нна аренина.
You're welcome.
Sure! Cathereine Hardwicke wrote The Dark Knight Rises which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It was a great movie. It also starred Jennifer Lawrence. Do you like her?
Sure, she also directed The Last Man and The Other Boleyn Girl.
Yes, he played for Manchester United F.C. and was born in Manchester.
He is a midfielder for the Washington Redskins. Do you like soccer?
Yes, he is considered a top tier player for Everton.
Yes, he is a great actor. He was born in London and starred in a lot of movies.
Yes, he was. He also starred in The Patient. Have you seen it?
He was also in a movie called X-Men 2. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it was written by Maria Semple and was released in 2012.
Did you know Maria Semple also wrote I Heart Huckabees?
Yes, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Lauren Kate wrote The Secret of Being a Wallflower. Have you read it?
Torment is written by Lauren Kate. It's a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he is a great author. He is a writer and a politician.
Yes, Johnny Depp also starred in Wonderland. Have you seen it?
The Rum Diary is a great children's movie. The Rum Diary is a great children's movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I'm sure you will enjoy them!
I have heard of them. They are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like them?
I don't know of any current players, but I do know they are in the Premier League.
You're welcome
Sure! Lauren Oliver wrote The Secret History of Beedle the Bard. Have you read any of those?
Sure, she wrote a thriller called Thriller. Have you heard of it?
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome.
Sure! He directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen that one?
The Simpsons Movie was written by David Silverman. He also directed The Simpsons Movie.
Yes, they both wrote and starred in The Simpsons Movie.
You're welcome!
I am not a fan of him but I think he is a cricket player from India.
I'm not a fan of cricket but I do know he is a cricket player. Do you like cricket?
He is a cricket player from India. He was born in London. He was born in London.
Yes, I do. The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King is written by J.R.R Tolkien.
Yes, he also starred in X-Men Origins: Apocalypse
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
The Death Cure is a young-adult fiction novel written by james Dashner.
It was written by J.R.R. Tolkien.
When You Reach Me is a young adult fiction novel written by James Dashner.
Sure, Nicola Kraus starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, it was written by Emma MdLaughlin. She also wrote The Last Days of Future Past.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is written by J.K. Rowling.
Yes, he did. He also starred in a TV show called X-Men Origins.
I'm not sure if there is a TV episode, but I do know he also starred in a TV show called X-Men 2.
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in a number of movies. He was also a director and a director.
Sure! Quentin Tarantino starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, he also wrote The Fugitive. Have you seen that one?
Death Proof is a Thriller. It was released in 2005.
I hope you enjoy it!
I think she's a great singer and a musician. Do you like her music?
Yes, John Carpenter directed The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
He also starred in Xenocide. Have you seen that one?
The Dirty Dozen also starred Robert De Niro and John Carpenter.
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring is written by J.R.R Tolkien.
The Good Doctor is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
What Planet Are You is starring Wade Williams. Do you like Wade Williams?
I think she is one of the most influential athletes of all time.
I think Serena is a better tennis player, but I don't really follow tennis.
Yes, she was a part of the Miami Dolphins. Do you like tennis?
I think he is a midfielder for the Colombian National Football team.
Yes, he is a captain for the Colombian soccer team.
I like American Football. I'm a fan of American Football. I'm a fan of American Football.
Yes, it is a great book written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King?
Sure, it is a comedy starring Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
The Breakfast Club was released in 2005
You're welcome
Yes, he is a great singer. Do you like him because he is an artist?
Did you know he is a musician and a musician?
I am a fan of Selena Gomez. Did you know Selena Gomez is a singer from the 1980's?
Sure, do you like Shawshank Redemption because it is written by Stephen King or because it is a thriller?
Yes, he starred in Shawshank Redemption. Have you seen it?
You're welcome
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland is written by Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Do you like Alice's Adventures in Wonderland?
Yes, Through the Looking-Glass is a novel written by Lewis Carroll.
Yes, she wrote Through the Looking-Glass.
Yes, he starred in Deadpool and The Transporter Refueled.
Yes, Radivoje Bukvic also starred in The Transporter Refueled. Have you seen it?
It's a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Shark Night is a Thriller. It was released in 2014 and is a thriller.
Yes, it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You are welcome.
Yes! Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade is written by Marion ravenwood.
Do you like the Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade because it is a comedy?
The Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade is written by marion ravenwood
Rohit Sharma is a cricket player from India. Do you like cricket?
Rohit Sharma is an athlete and plays cricket. Do you like cricket?
I'm not sure about that, but I do know Rohit Sharma is from Nagpur, India.
I don't have that information, but I do know that Rohit Sharma is from Nagpur, India.
Sure, Aldous Huxley starred in Xenocide. Have you seen that one?
The Doors of Perception was released in 1926.
Yes, Jim Morrison wrote The Doors of Perception and Brave New World. Have you heard of them?
Atonement is written by J.R.R Tolkien. Do you like his work?
Yes, he also wrote Atonement. Have you read that one?
The Quiet American is a thriller.
The Quiet American is a thriller and is a suspense movie.
You're welcome!
2012 is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Thirteenth Floor is a drama
The Thirteenth Floor is starring Brad William Henke
Sure! Do you like Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone because it is a fantasy?
Sure! The Help is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Rocker is a Romance Film. Do you like Romance films?
Yes, he was in that one as well. Have you seen that one?
Yes, she is a great singer and a musician. Do you like her music?
No, I haven't seen that one. I'm a fan of Bradley Cooper.
Yes, it was written by J.R.R Tolkien.
The Client is a Thriller, Drama, and Drama.
The Client is also a thriller and a drama.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him, but I know he plays for the Germany national football team.
He is a midfielder and plays for the Argentina national football team.
I like football
Who is your favorite team?
Who is your favorite team?
I think they are a good team, but I don't know much about them. Are you a fan of them?
I don't know much about Soccer, but I do know that he is a coach for Manchester City.
I'm not really a fan of soccer, but I think they're doing good this year.
Sure! The Time Traveler's Wife is a Speculative fiction book. Do you like Speculative fiction?
Audrey Niffenegger also wrote Violets Are Blue.
You're welcome!
You're welcome.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Do you like books by Jane Austen?
It was written by Jane Austen
Sure! The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York was written by John Green.
Daniel Defoe wrote The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York, Mariner.
It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
You're welcome!
Yes, she wrote Call Me Maybe. Did you know she was also a singer?
No, I didn't know that. Did you know she was also a producer and a producer?
That's a good catchy song. Did you know Carly Rae Jepsen also starred in that movie?
Yes, he directed a lot of great films. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Agora is starring Xander Berkeley. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Do you like Mark Overstall because he wrote Madame Bovary?
Sure, it was released in 1891 and is in the genres Speculative fiction.
Sure, if you like romance novels, you might also like The Last Man or The Last Man. Have you read either?
He was also a writer and a screenwriter. He was born in London.
Yes, he also wrote Madame Bovary. It was released in 1856.
It's a romance novel. It was released in 1856.
Well, if you like fiction books, you might like The Last Man or The Last Man. Have you read either of those?
You're welcome!
Tom Clancy has been in a number of films. He's been in a number of films. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, Joseph Conrad wrote The Crucible. Have you read that one?
Yes, The Secret Agent: A Simple Tale is a novel. Do you like books by Joseph Conrad?
No, Nostromo was released in 2015.
Yes, Cormac McCarthy starred in a number of movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Have you heard of Xenocide or Xenocide?
Your Heart Belongs to Me is written by John Scalzi
Your Heart Belongs to Me was released in 2010.
You're welcome!
Yes, Jane Eyre is written by Jane Eyre. It is a romance novel. Have you read it?
Yes, he also wrote A Confederacy of Dunces. Have you read either of those?
I'm not sure about Jane Eyre, but I do know Jane Eyre was influenced by John Scalzi.
You're welcome!
Yes, Shot by the Taliban was written by Malala Skarsgrd.
Yes, he also wrote The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban.
Maktub has a genre of Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I am not sure about Maktub, but I do know he was born in Malala, California.
Kyrie Irving is playing for the Chicago Bears.
I am a fan of basketball. I am a Bulls fan. Do you like basketball?
I'm not a big basketball fan, but I like the Lakers. Who is your favorite player?
O Alquimista is written by Paulo Coelho and was released in 1988.
Paulo Coelho also wrote The Alchemist. Have you read it?
Yes, I will do.
Sure! Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood is written by Jane Austen. Do you like books by her?
Rebecca Wells is a great author. She also wrote The Secrets of the Ya-Yass of the Ya-Yas.
You're welcome!
Sure! Kami Garcia wrote Beautiful Dark and Beautiful Redemption. Have you read either of those?
Beautiful Redemption is a romance novel. It was released in 2011.
You're welcome!
Yes, she is a writer and a screenwriter. Are you interested in other books by her?
She also wrote Throne of Glass. Have you read that one?
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Sure! Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is written by J.R.R Tolkien and is a Speculative fiction novel.
Kodi Smit-McPhee also starred in X-Men Origins: Apocalypse.
Yes, Dead Europe is a Sci-Fi film.
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like it because it is a Sci-Fi movie or because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a good one
You're welcome!
This Is The End is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Interview is a Psychological Thriller. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure who else starred in Whatever It Takes with Evan Goldberg
Do you like Cold Mountain because it is a Speculative fiction book?
Yes, he also wrote the book Cold Mountain. Have you read it?
Yes, Thirteen Moons was released in 1891 and is a speculative fiction novel.
Sure, I will do that.
I'm a fan of the Cowboys, but I don't know much about them. Are they a football team?
Jerry Jones starred in The Cowboys and the Cowboys. Do you like him?
Yes he was a reality show. I think he was also a producer and a producer.
Sure, do you like Bruce Almighty because it's a Thriller or because it's a Thriller?
Steve Carell also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen it?
It's a Thriller. It's a Thriller.
Sure! Josh Hutcherson is a writer and a director. He starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
Sure! It's a science fiction film that was released in 2005.
Sure! Julianne Moore also starred in X-Men Origins: A Space Adventure.
It's considered a drama and drama.
You're welcome!
Do you like Pulp Fiction because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Quentin Tarantino also wrote Pulp Fiction. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Sure! Tina Fey wrote the book Tina Fey, which is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, he starred in the Kite Runner.
Sure, Tate Taylor directed The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
Yes! Cicely Tyson also starred in The Help and Get on Up.
She also starred in The Women of Brewster Place. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome
Do you like Inception because it is a sci-fi movie or because it is a sci-fi?
The Dark Knight was directed by Christopher Nolan
Sure, he also starred in Star Wars: Episode V - Apocalypse.
Indiana Jones is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
I'm not sure who else is in that movie.
The Paris Wife is written by Paula McLain and released in 2011. Do you like fiction books?
Paula McLain also wrote The Paris Wife. Have you heard of it?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
I'm not sure about that, but it's a fiction novel.
You're welcome!
Sure, Lea Thompson starred in The Matrix Revolutions, The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
She's starred in a lot of children's films. Other children's films she's also acted in are The Little Rascals, The Little Rascals, and The Little Rascals.
That's a great children's film. She also starred in Back to the Future Part II. Have you seen it?
John Milius also wrote Back to the Future Part II. Have you seen that one?
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, it is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a comedy?
Yes, he starred in The Godfather. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he did! He also directed I and II.
Gustave Flaubert wrote A Confederacy of Dunces. Have you heard of that one?
He also wrote Madame Bovary. Have you read that one yet?
Yes, it was released in 2004 and is a Romance novel.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
I know he's a singer and a musician. Do you like him?
Kristin Cashore wrote Bitterblue. Have you read that one?
Kristin Cashore wrote Bitterblue. Have you heard of it?
Yes, she also wrote The Velveteen Rabbit. Have you heard of it?
The Velveteen Rabbit is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
The Giver has genre Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
He is a quarterback for the Green Bay Packers. Do you like him?
I'm a fan of Aaron Rodgers. I think he's a great quarterback.
No, I haven't. I think he's a great quarterback for the Green Bay Packers.
Yes, he was a great quarterback for the Buffalo Bills. I think he's a great quarterback.
Yes, The Lost Hero is written by J.R.R Tolkien. Do you like his work?
The Lost Hero is a Thriller.
Yes,It is written by Rick Riordon
You are welcome
Sure! Dan Scanlon starred in a number of films. He also starred in Zookeeper. Have you seen that?
Steve Buscemi also starred in Monster University. Have you seen Monsters University?
You're welcome!
Yes, Niccol Machiavelli wrote a book called Part of the World.
The Prince is a biographical novel.
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People is a non-fiction book.
Yes, he is a composer and a musician. Do you like him?
I'm not a big fan of Latin music, but I think he is a favorite of mine.
Yes, he is a great artist. I think he's a great artist. I think he's a great artist.
Sure! In Cold Blood was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Nicholas Sparks books?
Have you heard of In Cold Blood? It was written by Truman Capote and is a crime fiction novel.
You're welcome!
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rick Riordan.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is a biographical novel. Do you like biographical novels?
Walk the Line is a biographical novel written by John Green. It's also a biography.
The Long Hard Road Out of Hell is a biographical novel written by John Scalzi. Do you like biographical novels?
I think she's a great singer. I think she's a great singer. Do you like her music?
Yes, I like Taylor Swift. I like Taylor Swift. I like her music. I like Taylor Swift.
I agree, Shakira is a great singer. I like her music. What do you think about her?
Yes, she is a great actress. She starred in a lot of films. Is there anything else I can help you with?
White Squall is a Thriller and a Thriller. Do you like this genre?
Coming of Age is a Thriller. It is a Thriller. Do you like this genre?
I'm not sure about Whale Rider, but I do know he also starred in The Secret Life of Bees.
You're welcome!
Sure! Charles Dickens wrote a number of books. He wrote a number of great books. Have you read any of them?
The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club is written by Charles Dickens.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that he was influenced by William Shakespeare.
You're welcome!
Sure! John Grogan starred in a number of movies. He also starred in Zookeeper. Have you seen that?
Yes, he also starred in Marley & Me. What genre do you like?
Do you like Scream because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Yes, I am a fan of A Nightmare on Elm Street. Have you seen it?
Sure, Johnny Depp also starred in A Nightmare on Elm Street which is a horror film.
Yes, Sylvester Stallone directed a number of great films. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, Randy Couture was in The Expedables. Do you like him?
The Expedables also starred Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
Sure! The City of heavenly fire was written by Cassandra Clare and released in 2014.
City of Bones has genre Speculative fiction. Do you like these genres?
The Mortal Instrument Series is a young-adult fiction novel written by Cassandra Clare. It's also a fantasy novel.
Sure! Do you like Pulp Fiction because it's a Sci-Fi movie?
I'm not sure who starred in it but Vantage point is a good movie.
He is a table tennis player from China. Do you like table tennis?
He is a table tennis player. Do you like table tennis?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a table tennis player from the 2012 Summer Olympics.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in a lot of movies. Isn't he a director?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure who else stars in Stuck on You. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Rob Cohen directed a movie called The Fugitive. Have you seen it?
The Skulls also has a genre of Thriller. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Yes, they are a soccer team based in Munich. Do you like soccer?
It's a soccer team. Do you like soccer?
Yes he is
I don't know much about him, but I know he is a musician and a musician.
Yes he plays for the Mumbai Indians.
Sure! Clint Eastwood directed a couple of great movies. Have you seen the other one?
Morgan Freeman starred in Million Dollar Baby. Space Cowboys is starring Tommy Lee Jones Greta
You're welcome!
Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck Directed The Hunger Games. Have you seen that one?
The Tourist is a drama. Do you like dramas?
The main stars in The Tourist. It's a great movie.
I am not sure about that, but I do know it was released in 2005.
It was written by J.R.R Tolkien.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I'm not a huge basketball fan, but I think they are a good team.
He's a great point guard for the Golden State Warriors. I think he's a great point guard.
I think he's a great point guard for the Denver Nuggets. He's a great point guard.
Sure! Jane Eyre wrote a book called Jane Eyre. Have you read it?
Yes, he also wrote a romance novel called Tempted.
The Time Machine is a good romance novel by Michael Mason
Yes, he is a great basketball player. Do you like basketball?
I like basketball. I'm a fan of basketball. I'm a fan of basketball. Do you like basketball?
No I didn't know he is a Canadian professional basketball player
Yes, John Boyne wrote The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby.
The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas is a fiction novel.
You're welcome!
Yes, A Million Little Pieces was written by Stephen King. He also wrote A Million Little Pieces.
Sure. The authoi is written by James Frey and has genre memoir and speculative fiction.
Yes, he also directed A Thousand Years. Have you seen any of these?
Yes, he wrote The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet and Prince of Denmark.
Yes, it was released in 1600.
Yes, it is part of a series.
Sure. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, he plays for the Germany national football team. Do you like him?
He is a midfielder on the German national team. Do you like him?
I don't follow soccer much but I do know he is a midfielder for the German national team.
Yes, he is a tennis player from Switzerland. Do you like tennis?
I'm not sure, but I know he's from Basel.
Yes, she is a singer and songwriter. Do you like her music?
Yes, she won the Pulitzer Prize for Video Video of the Year.
Oh wow. That's a great song by her. Did you know she was also a singer?
Do you like Jaws because it is a sci-fi movie or because it is a sci-fi?
Yes, he was. He was also in X-Men 2.
You're welcome!
She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie. Have you seen either of those?
Amelie was written by Frances Mayes. She also wrote Les Visiteurs.
Amelie has genre Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Sure, rob cohen starred in a lot of action films. Do you like action films? He also starred in X-Men 2.
It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The skulls is written by Roberto Orci and is a Thriller.
Craig T. Nelson also starred in a movie called The Expendables.
Leslie Bibb also starred in Xenocide. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
I'm a fan of the Buccaneers. They're coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I'm a fan of the Buccaneers. I'm a fan of the Buccaneers. Do you like football?
I like football. I'm a fan of the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like football?
I don't know much about them, but I think they are a good band. Do you like them?
Joe Hahn is a member of the band and he also wrote Somewhere I Belong.
Somewhere I Belong is popular and he is a musician and he is a musician
I'm a fan of the Philadelphia Eagles, but I'm a fan of the Eagles. Do you like football?
That's a great year for the Eagles. Did you know they won the Super Bowl XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
They were the runner-up in Super Bowl XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Sure, In Cold Blood was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Nicholas Sparks books?
Have you heard of In Cold Blood because it was written by Truman Capote?
Yes, Gone was based on a true story.
Sure! Theodore Lesieg also starred in Theodore Lesieg.
Yes, it is. Do you like it because it is a comedy?
Sure, you might like The Hunger Games. It's a comedy.
I don't know much about them, but I know they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I'm not a fan of basketball but I'm a fan of basketball. I'm more of a basketball fan.
I'm not a fan of basketball but I'm a fan of the Brooklyn Nets. Do you like basketball?
Yes, it's a great movie. Do you like it because it's a Thriller?
Sure, Mila Kunis is a great actress. She also starred in a movie called Xenocide. Have you seen it?
Ted also starred in the movie Santa with Muscles and Powerful.
You're welcome!
Sure, he has starred in a number of movies. Have you seen it? It's a romantic comedy.
Yes he was, and he was also in The Birdcage.
I'm not sure about that, but I do know that he was in the movie The Lion King.
Yes, I do like Pirates of the Caribbean. At World's End is written by James Patterson. Do you like James Patterson?
Yes, he was. He also starred in the Pirates of the Caribbean.
Yes, he was in the Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End. Have you seen that one?
Do you like X-Men Origins because it is a sci-fi or a sci-fi?
Sure, he also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen it?
I am not sure who else starred in Waiting. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Sure, he starred in True Grit. Have you seen it?
Yes, he also starred in True Grit. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was in Good Will Hunting, which is a great action movie.
You're welcome!
Boyhood is directed by J.R.R. Tolkien.
Richard Linklater directed a movie called The Last Man. Have you seen it?
Confused was released in 2014. Do you like Mystery films?
You're welcome!
King Kong is written by Stephen King. It is a Thriller. Do you like him?
It's classified as a thriller, drama, and drama.
Sure, you might like The Hunger Games or The Hunger Games. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, it's a great science fiction film. It was released in 2005, and stars Tom Hanks. Have you seen it?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
You're welcome. I'm a fan of the Cowboys.
I'm not sure if they won Super Bowl XXXXXXXVIII.
Sure! Evan Goldberg directed a number of great films. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
The End stars Seth Rogen, Seth Rogen, and Seth Rogen.
Yes, Channing Tatum starred in this movie as well.
Yes, he also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
I'm not sure who else starred in the Vow. I'm sorry.
You're welcome!
The Silence of the Lambs is written by J.R.R.R Tolkien. Do you like J.R.R Tolkien?
Ralph Fiennes also starred in X-Men Origins: Apocalypse Now.
You're welcome
Have you seen the X-Men Origins: Wolverine?
Niketa Calame starred in The Lion King and The Lion King.
The Lion King was written by Irene Mecchi. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Yes, it is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
Will Smith also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine. Have you seen it?
Shia LaBeouf has a genre of Thriller and Thriller.
Ok, I will play it for you.
Yes, he is a football player from Manchester. Do you like football?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he plays for Manchester United F.C.
I am a fan of football. I like football. What about you?
Steve McQueen directed The Christmas Tree. Have you seen that one?
I don't know much about them but I do know they are a Kpop band. Do you like them?
I'm not sure if they are from South Korea, but I do know they are based in South Korea. They are a few of my favorite songs.
I'm not sure about that, but I do know they are in Seoul. They're a great place to visit.
Sure, Jason Flemyng starred in XXXX. Have you seen that one?
Jason Flemyng also starred in Wild Bill. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
You're welcome!
Sure! Marion Wiesel wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign.
Un di Velt Hot Geshvign was released in 1958.
You're welcome!
Hellboy is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Wolverine is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a composer and a musician. Do you like his work?
He was also a director and a director. Do you like his work?
Yes, Ziggy Marley starred in that movie as well. He also starred in a movie called The Hunger Games.
I am sorry, I don't have that information at this time, but I do know Ziggy Marley also starred in X-Men Origins.
Sure! Epatha Merkerson starred in Xenocide. Have you seen that one?
The Six Wives of Henry Lefay and Terminator 2: Judgement Day is a science fiction film.
The Six Wives of Henry Lefay and Terminator 2: Judgement Day are both dramas.
Yes, Steven D. Levitt is a writer and a director. Do you like his work?
Stephen J. Dubner wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything. Have you read it?
Yes, he wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything. Have you read it?
He also wrote A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything. Have you read it?
Sure! Edgar Wright starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, it is. Do you like science fiction books?
Yes, he was great in that movie. He also starred in Zookeeper. Have you seen that one?
Yes, it's a great movie. Do you like it because it's a comedy?
The Escapist is written by Roberto Orci
Yes i can do anything else for you
Sure, Laini Taylor wrote The Secret Life of Bees. Have you read that one?
Dreams of Gods & Monsters is written by Laini Taylor. It was released in 1891.
My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories was released in 2014.
You're welcome!
Yes he is a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers. Do you like basketball?
That's where he went to high school, right?
I haven't seen him on TV but I think he's from Oakland. Did you know he is from Oakland?
Yes, Quentin Tarantino starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
Grinhouse was written by Rob Zombie. It is a Thriller/Action film.
Sure, Grindhouse is a great action movie. It was released in 2010 and is in the Thriller genre.
Do you like Big Fish because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Yes, Kenny Ortega also directed a movie called X-Men Origins.
Kenny Ortega also directed a romantic movie called X-Men 2.
You're welcome!
Sure! Phil LaMarr starred in Zookeeper. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he also starred in a movie called The Powerpuff Girls. Have you seen it?
It's a drama/drama. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Yes, they are a basketball team. Are you a fan of basketball?
Do you like sci-fi or sci-fi?
He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
It is a great action movie starring Xander Berkeley
PS, I Love You is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Voyager is a Romance novel written by J.R.R. Tolkien.
Yes, it is a Romance novel.
You're welcome!
I think she's a tennis player, but I don't know a lot about her.
I don't know much about Serena Williams but I do know Serena is a tennis player from Mumbai.
That's a great movie! Did you know she was also in the 2012 Summer Olympics?
Sure, he starred in a lot of movies. He also starred in a lot of movies. Have you seen any of those?
Two for the Money is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he also starred in X-Men Origins: Apocalyptic.
Sure! Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Do you like Jane Austen?
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen. Do you like Jane Austen?
Yes, she also wrote Pride and Prejudice. Have you read it?
You're welcome
Yes, she is a singer, songwriter, and songwriter.
I don't know any of the lyrics but I do know Jar of Hearts is a song written by Christina Perri.
Yes, it was released in the early 2010s
You're welcome
Yes, he is a great actor. Do you like him because he starred in The Matrix?
Have you seen Zero Dark Thirty? It's a great crime fiction movie.
Mark Boal also starred in The Hurt Locker. Have you seen it?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Rob Riggle starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
Sure. Unaccompanied Minors is starring Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
Sure, you might like The Other Guys or The Other Guys. Both are great movies.
Sure. Unaccompanied Minors is added to the list.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, he is a composer and a musician. Do you like him?
Water for Elephants is a Speculative fiction film. It's a Thriller.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it was written by John Green and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
Yes, Leo Tolstoy wrote Boyhood.
Yes, Libby Villari also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
You're welcome!
Do you like Twilight books because it's a romance novel?
Yes, she wrote The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner
You're welcome
Sure! The Social Network is starring Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks. It's a Thriller.
It was a great movie. It was written by Roberto Orci. Do you like his work?
There are a lot of films from these genres including The Social Network, The Social Network, and The Social Network.
You're welcome
Yes, Jeremy Tambling wrote David Copperfield and David Copperfield.
Jeremy Tambling is a great author. He's written a number of great books. Have you read any of his books?
He's a great writer. He's written a lot of great books. I think he's a great writer. Have you heard of him?
John Carpenter directed a number of great films. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
The Fog is a sci-fi film directed by John Carpenter. The Fog was released in 1985.
She's a great actress. She also starred in a TV series called The Fog. Have you seen it?
Escape from New York is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Sure! Lord of the Rings is written by J.R.R Tolkien and is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
She wrote Women in Love and Dance with Wolves.
D. H. Lawrence also wrote a series of books. Have you read any of them?
The Matrix is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Matrix is a sci-fi thriller. Do you like sci-fi?
Inception is starring Tom Hanks, Robert De Niro, and Robert De Niro
Yes, A Wrinkle in Time is written by J.R.R Tolkien. Do you like J.R.R Tolkien?
If you like Young-adult fiction, you might also like The Fugitive or The Fugitive.
Yes, it is. The Chocolate War is also a Young-adult fiction.
Have you heard of The Chocolate War? It's a Young-adult fiction book.
Dexter in the Dark was released in 1974.
You're welcome!
Yes, Ayush Mahesh Khedkar starred in Ayush Mahesh Khedkar. Have you seen it?
Slumdog Millionaire is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Slumdog Millionaire was released in 2011.
you're welcome.
Sure! Aidan Turner starred in a number of films. He's also starred in a number of films. Have you seen them?
Sure. Aidan Turner also starred in The Hobbit. Have you seen it?
The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones is a science fiction movie
The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones
The Golden Compass was directed by Steven Spielberg
The BFG was written by J.R.R Tolkien and is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like those genres?
Zoe's Tale and Zoe's Tale are Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, The Last Colony is Speculative fiction.
Yes, it was written by Donna Tartt and released in 2013.
Donna Tartt won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.
Donna Tartt also wrote, The Secret History.
Yes, she is from the United States of America
You're welcome
Me Before You is written by J.R.R Tolkien. Do you like his work?
The Ship of Brides was written by Jojo Moyes, Jojo Moyes, Jojo Moyes, Jojo Moyes.
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, it is a great book written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King?
Yes, he also wrote Paper Towns. Have you seen that one?
Yes, it was released in 2015 and is a Romance Film.
Yes, it's a good Young-adult fiction movie.
Yes, he wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you read that one?
Yes, a fictional novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald is a fiction novel.
You're welcome!
Yes, he starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
Yes, The Goon is a great movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
Yes, The Goon is a great movie. The Goon is a great movie
You are welcome
Sure! Pan's Labyrinth is a Speculative fiction novel written by J.R.R Tolkien.
Yes, it is.
Guillermo del Toro is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure! You might enjoy The Last Man or The Last Man. Both are Fantasy movies.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
Yes Kate Nelligan and George Carlin also starred in The Water is Wide and the Water is Wide
Michael York also wrote the Vampire Chronicles.
Yes, he wrote  and .
I haven't heard of it, but I do know it was released in 1891.
Yes, I like dramas like The Godfather Part II. Have you seen it?
Robert Duvall also starred in The Godfather Part II. Have you seen it?
Sure, it was written by J.R.R Tolkien. Do you like his work?
Yes, Into the Wild was directed by Sean Penn. He also directed Into the Wild.
Into the Wild is a great adventure movie. Into the Wild is written by Sean Penn. Sean Penn also directed the movie Into the Wild. Have you seen it?
Yes, he is a great tennis player. Do you like him?
Yes, he directed The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen those?
Sure, Les Miserables was directed by Tom Hooper. He also directed The Miserables. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a musician and a musician.
I don't know a lot about her, but I do know she was born in Honolulu.
I'm a huge fan of Kesha. She's a great singer. I like her music.
You're very welcome!
I'm not sure about that, but I do know they are coached by Louis van Gaal.
I'm not sure who coaches them but I do know they are coached by Jose Mourinho.
I am not sure, but I do know he is a coach for the Germany national football team.
The Maze Runner is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Scorch Trials is written by John Scalzi
You're welcome!
Sure! Arundhati Roy wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you read it?
It's a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it was adapted into a movie as well as a movie
You're welcome
Yes, The Secret Life of Bees was written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King?
The book was written by J.R.R Tolkien and is a Speculative fiction novel.
the book was written by Mark Isham
She wrote Dracula. Have you read that one?
Nina Auerbach wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you read it?
Yes, do you like books by Nina Auerbach?
You are welcome.
Yes, The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring is written by J.R.R Tolkien.
The Good Doctor is written by J.R.R.R. Tolkien and is a fantasy movie.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about them but I know they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
Yes, I am a fan of the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like the Dallas Cowboys?
Yes, he also owns the Dallas Cowboys and the Dallas Cowboys.
Sure! Julian Glover starred in a number of movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
It was a great movie. It also starred Robert De Niro. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure when it came out, but I know Saffron Burrows was also in Wuthering Heights.
Sure! Wuthering Heights is a Thriller/Thriller. It's a Thriller/Thriller/Thriller.
Yes, she wrote The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby.
The Good Earth was released in 1926.
The Waves was released in 1922 and is a Historical period drama.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Maria Sharapova is a great tennis player. Are you a fan of tennis?
I don't know a lot about tennis but I do know she is married to Serena Williams. Do you like tennis?
That's a great sport news story. Do you like basketball?
I am not a fan of cricket but I do know that he is a cricket player.
It was written by Laura Esquivel and released in 1989.
That's a great book! It was also released in 1989. Have you read the book?
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Sure! Do you like the Avengers because it is a sci-fi or a sci-fi movie?
Yes, X-Men 2 is written by Zak Penn
I don't have that information, but I do know it was released in 2010
You're welcome
Crazy, Stupid, Love is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Then you might want to check out Zoolander. It's a romance film.
You're welcome!
Sure! Bernie Wrightson wrote Into the Wild. Have you heard of that one?
Yes, he was born in Chicago and was born in Chicago.
The Dead Zone is a Speculative fiction novel.
I'm not sure if he has starred in any Romance Film or Crime Fiction Films
Sure! Forrest Gump is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks or Tom Hanks?
Tom Hanks also starred in Forrest Gump. Do you like Tom Hanks movies?
Larry Crowne is one of the most popular movies in the world.
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
You're welcome!
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like the Harry Potter series?
Yes, it is a mystery. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Pierre Perrier also starred in the movie The Returned.
I'm a fan of the Seattle Seahawks, but I don't know much about them. Do you like them?
I like the Cowboys, but I don't know much about the Cowboys. Do you like the Cowboys? Do you like the Cowboys?
That's a great place to visit. Do you like the Cowboys or the Cowboys?
Stargirl was written by J.R.R.R Tolkien and was released in 2012.
Yes, he also wrote Into the Wild. It is a Young-adult fiction.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
I think he is one of the best tennis players of all time.
That's right. He's a great tennis player. I think he's a great player.
I agree, Federer is a great tennis player. I like Federer better.
Sure, do you like her books because it is speculative fiction or speculative fiction?
Yes, she did. She also wrote Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince.
What Alice Forgot was written by Liane Moriarty and released in 2009. Do you like her books?
Yes she did. Big Little Lies was also written by Liane Moriarty.
You're welcome!
I think they are a good team, but I don't know much about them. Do you like them?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
I'm not a huge fan of the Jets but I think they are doing well this year.
I think he's a good coach but I'm not sure if he's a good team but I think he's a good coach
Sure! Bryan Singer starred in a lot of movies. Is there a particular genre you are interested in?
Stan Lee also wrote X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Stan Lee also starred in The Incredible Hulk. Have you seen it?
Sure! She wrote The Hiding Place and God's Smuggler.
The Hiding Place is a Speculative fiction novel. The Hiding Place is a Speculative fiction novel.
You are welcome.
Yes, Noah Emmerich starred in a number of movies. Do you like him because he's a director?
Yes, he also starred in a Martial Arts film called "Warrior". Have you seen it?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
He directed 22 Jump Street. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure who starred in 22 Jump Street. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he was in White House Down.
You're welcome!
Into the Wild is written by J.R.R Tolkien and is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, she was. She also starred in No String Attached
You're welcome!
Yes, do you like it because it is a Thriller or Thriller?
Have you seen X-Men Origins: Wolverine? He also starred in that.
Zombieland is starring Kristy Swanson, Kristy Swanson, and Xander Berkeley.
I don't know when it was released, but I do know he also starred in X-Men 2.
Sure! Anita Diamant wrote The Secret of Being a Wallflower. Have you read that one?
Yes, The Boston Girl is a good read. It was released in 2005.
You're welcome!
Sure, A Little Princess is a young-adult fiction novel written by William Shakespeare. Do you like that genre?
The King of Attolia was written by Stephen King. Do you like him?
Yes, I do. Megan Whalen Turner also wrote A Little Princess. Have you read it?
Sure, A Farewell to Arms is written by Ernest Hemingway. Do you like his work?
A Farewell to Arms is a Fiction Novel written by John Scalzi. Do you like Fiction novels?
To Have and Have Not is written by Ernest Hemingway and is a Fiction Novel.
Groundhog Day is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
It is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
Yes he wrote it and he wrote it
You're welcome
I don't know much about them, but I think they are a good band. Do you like them?
Sure, do you like it because it is a drama or because it is a Thriller?
The Green Lantern is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, X-Men: First Class is a Sci-Fi movie.
Yes, she also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Sure! Jean-pierre jeunet directed The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
Yes, Yolande Moreau starred in Micmacs.
I'm not sure when he started his career. Is he a comedian?
You're welcome.
The Ocean at the End of the Lane was written by Neil Gaiman and released in 2013. Do you like Neil Gaiman?
The Murderer's Daughter was written by Neil Gaiman.
You're welcome!
No Country for Old Men is written by Roberto Orci.
Tommy Lee Jones also starred in The Hunger Games. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
The Dictator is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Dictator is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, it is. Do you like spy movies?
You're welcome!
Me Before You was written by J.R.R Tolkien. Do you like him?
Jojo Moyes also wrote Me Before You, which was released in 2012.
You're welcome.
He's a great actor. He starred in a lot of movies. He was also a director and a director.
Yes, he was the only writer for Three Musketeers.
The Count of Monte Cristo and The Three Musketeers were both written by him.
You're welcome!
Sure! Mark Haddon wrote A Confederacy of Dunces. Have you read that one?
Yes, it is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
I have not seen it but I think Peter Capaldi also starred in it. Have you seen it?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Katherine Paterson wrote The Matrix Revisited and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you read either of those?
Yes, The Great Gilly Hopkins has a sequel, The Great Gilly Hopkins.
You're welcome!
Sure! Do you like the Hunger Games because it's a thriller or because it's a Thriller?
Have you seen The Hunger Games? It's a Young-adult fiction.
Shark Night is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
Yes, Jamie McGuire wrote The Secret History of Bees. Have you read that one?
Walking Disaster is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
It's a murder mystery. Do you like murder mysteries?
You're welcome
Do you like Matrix Reloaded because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Have you seen The Matrix Reloaded or The Matrix Reloaded?
John Wick also stars Keanu Reeves. He also starred in The Matrix Revolutions.
You're welcome!
Yes, she is a great singer and a musician. Do you like her music?
Yes, she won the MTV Music Award for Best Choreography.
Yes, she is on the bucket list as well. Do you like her music?
Lana Wachowski starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen those?
I like romance, but I like romance. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, it's a good Romance film. You should check it out.
Yes, do you like Blood Promise because it's a romance novel?
Richelle Mead wrote Vampire Academy: The Graphic Novel and Vampire Academy: The Graphic Novel.
Vampire Academy is written by Richelle Mead and is a Young-adult novel.
Yes he did and Leigh Dragoon also wrote Vampire Academy.
Sure! Do you like Mission Impossible because it is a sci-fi movie?
The Lego Movie is a great movie. Do you like it because it is a sci-fi movie?
Yes, do you like the movie because Will Ferrell is in it or because he is a writer?
Yes, Will Ferrell also starred in The Lego Movie. Have you seen that one?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Tom Skerritt starred in The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen that one?
Ted Danson is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller?
You're welcome!
Yes, Marue Hindle wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you read that one?
The Modern Prometheus was written by Maurice Hindle and was released in 1818.
The Modern Prometheus was written in English and was released in 1818.
Yes, he wrote A Confederacy of Dunces. Have you heard of that one?
I'm not sure when it was released, but I do know he also wrote Madame Bovary
Yes she did. She also wrote Madame Bovary.
I'm a fan of the Carolina Panthers, but I don't know much about them.
I'm a fan of the Cowboys, but I don't know much about the Cowboys. Do you like the Cowboys?
He is a professional basketball player from Charlotte. He is a great player.
Yes, there is a sequel to Toy Story 2.
Toy Story 3 is written by Tim Allen and is a Sci-Fi/Adventure film.
Yes, it's a great movie! It's a great movie!
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he is a basketball player from Chicago. Do you like basketball?
I don't know much about basketball, but I know he is a point guard for the Denver Nuggets.
I'm a fan of basketball. I'm a fan of basketball. I'm more of a basketball fan.
Blade Runner is a sci-fi thriller starring Tom Hanks.
He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen it?
The Rocketeer is a great comedy. It's also considered a comedy. Do you like it?
Bood Diamond starred Robert Downey Jr. and Robert De Niro. Do you like him?
He was in Bood Diamond. He also starred in that movie. Have you seen it?
Stephen Collins starred in both The Wolf of Wall Street and The Wolf of Wall Street.
Sure, he starred in a lot of movies. He also starred in a lot of movies. Have you seen any of those?
It's a drama. Do you like dramas?
It's a drama. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Law Abiding Citizen is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Kurt Wimmer also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
Kurt Wimmer also wrote Sense and Sensibility. Have you seen this one?
Sure, do you like the movie because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Do you like science fiction or science fiction?
You're welcome
Yes, she is a very talented artist. She is a musician and a musician.
Yes, she has a lot of songs. Some of her most popular ones are Rhythm and Blue. Have you heard any of them?
That's a great song. I like Lady Gaga. Did you know she is a singer?
Sure! Carlos Ruiz Zafon wrote A Confederacy of Dunces. Have you heard of that one?
He wrote El juego del ángel. He also wrote El juego del ángel.
Yes, there is a translation version.
Anita Diamant wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you read that one?
It's a fiction novel.
Anita Diamant also wrote The Red tent
You're welcome
Sure! The Untouchables is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, Capone is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Godfather trilogy is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
It is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller?
You're welcome
No, I haven't seen Silence. Isn't it written by Rebecca Wells?
It's a drama. Do you like dramas?
Yes, it is a historical drama. Do you like historical drama?
The main lead in this movie is Robert De Niro.
You're welcome
Sure! Margaret Stohl wrote The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby. Have you read either of those?
It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
Yes, it's a Young Adult Fiction novel.
You're welcome!
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You might like The Hunger Games or The Hunger Games. They are both fantasy movies.
The Dungeons & Dragons is written by J.R.R. Tolkien and is a fantasy movie.
You're welcome!
Sure, The Undomestic Goddess was written by Sophie Kinsella and released in 2005.
Sophie Kinsella also wrote The Undomestic Goddess. Have you read that one?
Wedding Night is a Romance novel.
You're welcome!
Sure! Kristin Cashore wrote Graceling, Fire, and Bitterblue.
Yes, it is considered a romance novel.
It was written by Kristin Cashore
You're welcome
She wrote The Search. Have you read that one?
I am not sure but I do know A Tree In Brooklyn was released in 1891.
Yes it was in English
I don't know much about him, but I do know he plays for Manchester United F.C.
He plays for the Belgium National Football team and is a midfielder for the Belgium national team.
I'm a fan of the New York Mets. I'm a fan of the Mets.
I'm a fan of the New York Mets. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like them?
Yes, he is a writer and a director. Do you like him because he is a director?
No, I haven't seen it, but I do know it won the Pulitzer Prize for Best Actor.
Yes, he directed Full Frontal and the MTV Video Music Award. Have you seen any of those?
Sure, Embeth Davidtz starred in a number of films. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Embeth Davidtz also starred in Shackleton. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure when it came out.
He is a writer and a screenwriter. He was born in London.
He is a screen play writer. He wrote a number of books. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he wrote a lot of thrillers, including Xenocide, and Xenocide. Have you read any of these?
You are welcome.
Sure! Sarah Dressen has written a number of books. Some of her most popular ones are The Princess Diaries, The Princess Diaries, and The Princess Diaries.
The Truth About Forever is written by David Striesow and released in 2011. Have you read any of these?
You're welcome!
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 is starring Hugh Jackman and Kevin Spacey.
Yes, Andrew Garfield is married to Andrew Garfield.
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Social Network.
You're welcome!
Yes, Chinua Achebe wrote a book called The Last Man. Have you read that one?
It is a fiction novel written by Chinua Achebe.
No, I haven't seen it. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Sure! Do you like Pulp Fiction because it is a thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Yes, Jamie Foxx starred in Django Unchained
You're welcome
Sure! Mitch Alborn wrote The Last Man and The Handmaid's Tale. Have you read either of those?
Tuesdays has genre Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes, if you like Non-fiction books you might like Tuesdays, The Magic Strings and The Five People You Meet in Heaven.
Sure, do you like the Matrix because it is a Sci-Fi movie or because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Ninja Assassin stars Jennifer Lawrence. Do you like her movies?
I think it's a great movie. Do you like it because it's a comedy?
You're right! I like Echoes of Silence. Do you like Echoes of Silence? I like Echoes of Silence.
That's a great song! Did you know The Weeknd is a great song?
Yes, it is a great book written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King?
Yes, he also wrote A Time to Kill. Have you read any of his books?
The Brethren was released in 2004.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now. But I do know he also wrote A Time to Kill.
Yes, there is a copy in German. The Vanished Man was released in 1995.
You're welcome!
Green Eggs and Ham was written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King?
Green Eggs and Ham was written by Dr. Seuss. Have you read any of his books?
There's a Wocket in My Pocket written by George R.R.R. Martin.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a great singer. Do you like him because he is a singer?
Did you know Maroon 5 also starred in Maroon 5?
I haven't seen any of them but I do like Talent Show. Do you like it?
Peter Dinklage is a great actor. He starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
Yes, it's a great science fiction film.
You're welcome!
The Tragedy of Othello, The Moor of Venice was written by William Shakespeare.
The Tragedy of Othello was also written by Shakespeare. Have you heard of it?
It is a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Yes, he starred in The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen that one?
yes bobby bobby
bobby bobby bobby bobby bobby
Anthony Hopkins also starred in the movie bobby bobby
you're welcome
Do you like him because he's a writer?
Yes he did, he also wrote The Absolute Sandman. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure who influenced him, but I do know he was also influenced by John Scalzi. Do you like his work?
Yes, Graveyard Book is considered children's literature.
You're welcome!
Sure! Her is written by Matt Letscher and stars Scarlett Johansson.
Scarlett Johansson starred in the movie Being John Malkovich. It's a sci-fi film.
Yes, The Prestige is a great Sci-Fi movie. It was released in 2013.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Under the Skin was released in 2013.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, he is a great writer. Do you like him because he is a writer?
Yes, Uma Thurman also starred in Kill Bill. Have you seen it?
Yes, John Travolta also starred in Pulp Fiction. Have you seen it?
I'm a fan of the Tennessee Titans. I'm a fan of the Tennessee Titans. Do you like them?
I think he was a quarterback for the Tennessee Titans, but I don't know much about him.
Yes, he was a great player. He was born in Nashville.
Sure! Robert Duvall starred in a lot of movies. He also starred in XXXX. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he also wrote The Apostle. Have you seen it?
Billy Bob also starred in the Indie Film Tarnation. Have you seen it?
Yes, Christina Perri is a singer-songwriter and a musician.
Composer: A Thousand Years is written by Veronica Roth
Wayman : Composer: A Thousand Years. Composer: A Thousand Years
Composer: Wayman : Composer: A Thousand Years. do you like him?
I don't know much about him, but I think he's a singer and a musician.
I don't know a lot about Justin Timberlake, but I know he is a very talented singer. Do you like his music?
That's a good one. I think he is a very talented singer and songwriter.
Yes, The Fellowship of the Ring was written by J.R.R Tolkien.
Yes, he also starred in The Hobbit. Have you seen it?
Yes, he also starred in The Hobbit. Have you seen it?
The Battle of Labyrinth is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
The Titan's Curse is the next book in the Titan's Curse series.
The Titan's Curse is the next book in the series.
You are welcome.
He directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen it?
Have you seen The Simpsons Movie? It was directed by David Silverman.
You're welcome!
Jennifer L. Armentrout has written many books. Some of them are The Matrix Revisited and The Matrix Revisited. Have you read any of those?
Yes, Wicked is a play written by Jennifer L. Armentrout.
Yes, Jennifer L. Armentrout also wrote Wicked and Wicked.
You're welcome.
Yes, she's a great author. She wrote The Last Man and The Last Man. Have you read either of those?
Braveheart has a genre of Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Braveheart was released in 1891.
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. He wrote The Matrix Revisited and The Matrix Revisited.
Sure! The Bone Clocks was written by David Mitchell. It's a speculative fiction novel.
The Bone Clocks was written by David Mitchell. It's a speculative fiction novel.
You are welcome.
Yes, he directed a lot of great films. Is there anything else I can help you with?
It's a great movie. It's a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Zach Gilford starred in Slither. He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
Great! I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, Paul Werstine wrote Into the Wild. Have you read that one?
Yes, it was released in 1606.
The Tragedie of Antony and Cleopatra was written by William Shakespeare.
Yes, Elysium is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
I'm not sure if it's worth watching. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he's a great actor. He also starred in a movie called The Matrix Revolutions.
Great choice! I think Gravity also stars Matt Damon.
You're welcome!
I don't know when his last album came out, but I do know he is a composer and songwriter.
Yes there was a popular one on the radio called The Thrill of It.
Do you like him because he is a singer?
Yes, I like hard rock. I'm a fan of Hard Rock. Do you like Hard Rock?
He wrote рестуление и накаание.
рестуление и накаание is written by David McDuff
The genre is Speculative fiction.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he plays for the Brazil national football team. Do you like him?
I don't know anything else about him, but I know he was born in Rio de Janeiro and plays for the Brazil national football team.
Yes, she's a great athlete. Did you know she was born in Rio de Janeiro?
He wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes. Have you heard of that one?
Yes, he wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes. Have you heard of this one?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But I do know he was a screenwriter.
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. He is a composer and songwriter. Do you like his music?
Under the Tuscan Sun was written by Frances Mayes. She also wrote Under the Tuscan Sun.
Under Magnolia: A Southern Memoir was released in 2010.
Under Magnolia: A Southern Memoir was released in 2010.
Sure! Brad Garrett starred in a lot of great films. He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen that one?
The Pacifier is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Underdog is a thriller and drama. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure, do you like City of God because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
The Escapist is a Thriller. It also has a genre Thriller.
Yes, he also starred in The Escapist. Have you seen it?
Sure! Jay Asher wrote The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you read either of those?
The Westing Game and The Short Second of Life is a young adult fiction book. Do you like young adult books?
Sure. The White Stag by Kate Seredy is a good example of a young adult fiction book.
The Dead and the Gone was released in 2005.
You're welcome!
City of Lost Souls is written by J.R.R Tolkien.
The Mortal Instruments was released in 2005.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
You Are Not So Smart is a great book.
Sure! The Historian is written by J.R.R Tolkien and is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Sure. The Historian is a great suspense novel. The Historian is also a suspense novel. Do you like suspense novels?
Sure. Without Fail is a Thriller. It is also a suspense novel.
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like the book Thief because it is a speculative fiction novel?
Do you like it because it is a Thriller or Drama?
Yes, he did. He also starred in a movie called Help. Have you seen it?
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You are welcome!
Sure! Do you like Sherlock Holmes because it is a thriller or because it is a fantasy?
The Ghost and the Darkness is a thriller.
Yes, Val Kilmer starred in that one as well. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
He directed Snow White and the Huntsman. Have you seen it?
Yes she did, she also starred in Snow White and the Huntsman
The Brothers Grimm wrote Snow White and the Huntsman, have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Yes, The Mark of Athena is written by J.R.R Tolkien and is a Speculative fiction novel.
That's a great young adult fiction novel by Rick Riordan. Do you like young adult fiction?
You're welcome!
I don't know a lot about music, but I do know he is a musician and a musician. Do you like him?
The Muppets is a great movie. Did you know Selena Gomez also starred in The Muppets?
What Happens in Vegas is a great movie starring Zach Galifianakis. Do you like Zach Galifianakis?
Yes, she is a great singer and a musician. Do you like her music?
Do you like Will Smith because he starred in that movie?
Yes Michael Ealy starred in that movie as well as Will Smith.
Sure, he starred in a lot of great movies. He also starred in X-Men 2. Have you seen it?
As Good As It Gets is a Romantic Comedy. Have you seen it?
What a Girl Want is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like it because it's a comedy?
Sure! Evan Goldberg starred in a lot of films. He directed a lot of great films. He was also a director and a director. Have you seen any of those?
Emma Watson also starred in This is the End, have you seen it?
I'm not sure about that but I do know that Martin Starr and Jason Trost also starred in this movie.
You're welcome!
Yes, John G. Avildsen is a writer and a screenwriter. Do you like his work?
The Karate Kid is a martial arts genre. Do you like martial arts?
John G. Avildsen starred in The Last Dragon, which is a great movie.
Yes, she is from the Cosby Show.
You're welcome.
Sure! Do you like Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix because it is a fantasy?
The Queen of Attolia is a fantasy film.
Yes, there are a few similar to the Harry Potter series
There are 3 books in this series
Yes, the director of the movie is Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
You're welcome
Sure! The Clan of the Cave Bear is written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
Yes, Jean M Auel also wrote The Clan of the Cave Bear. Have you read any of his books?
Sure! The Shelters of Stone is written by Jean Auel and is a Speculative Fiction/Speculative fiction novel.
You might like Zoe's Tale, or Zoe's Tale. Both are Speculative fiction.
You're welcome!
Sure, he starred in The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen that one?
Underworld: Evolution Unforgivable Blackness also has a genre Thriller.
Yes he did, he also starred in X-Men Origins: Apocalypse, and X-Men 2.
Yes, he was in Trouble in Mind. He also starred in Unforgivable Blackness. Have you seen it?
He is a cricket player from India. He plays for the Mumbai Indians.
I don't know much about cricket, but I do know he is a cricket player from India.
I don't know much about tennis, but I do know that Venus Williams is a tennis player.
Yes, he's a great athlete. He's also a cricket player.
Yes, he's a great basketball player. Do you like him?
That's a great basketball movie. Did you know he also played for the Seattle Seahawks?
That's a great movie. I think he did a great job in the 2nd one. Did you know he also directed the 2nd one?
I'm not a huge fan of the Denver Broncos, but I think they are a good team. Do you like them?
Sure! The Sea of Monsters is written by J.R.R Tolkien and is a Speculative fiction novel.
The Lightning Theif is a speculative fiction novel.
Yes, Rick Riordan also wrote The Magician's Guide to the Galaxy.
He's a great author. He's written a lot of great books. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The Side of Paradise was released in 1891.
The Side of Paradise was also written by him and he also wrote The Dark Knight Rises.
You're welcome!
Yes, Michael Crichton wrote a book called The Great Gatsby. Have you read it?
Crichton has written a number of writers. Some of them are Xenocide, Xenocide, and Xenocide.
Robin Cook is a writer, author, author and author. He wrote a lot of books.
You're welcome.
Ratatouille is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a comedy?
Yes he did. He also starred in The Incredibles. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
Jeremy Tambling wrote David Copperfield and David Copperfield.
Yes, it is.
Sure, Jeremy Tambling also wrote a book called Into the Wild
Sure! Ed Sheeran wrote The Evergreen Album. Have you heard that one?
Yes, he did, and he also starred in The Evergreen Album.
Yes, he also wrote The Awakening. Have you heard it?
Sure! Cat's Cradle is written by J.R.R.R Tolkien and is a Speculative fiction novel.
Do you like Siddhartha because it is a speculative fiction book?
The Thief of Always was written by J.R.R Tolkien.
He also wrote The Thief of Always. Have you read that one?
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a great book written by J.R.R Tolkien. Do you like him?
Then you might like The Last Man or The Last Man. Have you seen any of those?
He's a great writer. He's also a writer and writer.
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was written by Sherlock Holmes. Do you like Sherlock Holmes?
He also wrote The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes. Have you read any of these?
The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes is a novel written by Arthur Conan Doyle.
The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes is a short story.
Yes, The Girl on the Train is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
The Perfect Game was written by Rebecca Wells and was released in 2012.
Yes, there are a lot of films filmed in Mexico. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he is a great singer and a musician. Do you like his music?
I don't know much about Lenny Kravitz, but I do know he is a musician and a musician.
Yes, I like Zooey Deschanel. She is a singer and a musician.
Yes, he starred in The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen that one?
Yes, it is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Do you like dramas or dramas? Is there a particular genre you like?
You're welcome!
Yes, Where the Heart Is is written by James Patterson and is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Billie Letts also wrote The Crucible. Have you seen it?
Yes, All My Sons is a drama.
Billie Letts also wrote All My Sons which is a drama.
You're welcome
Mark Margolis starred in a number of movies. He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen it?
Yes, Marisa Tomei also starred in The Wrestler. Have you seen it?
Yes, she also starred in The Wrestler. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is a great movie. I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Sure! David Yates directed the movie The Last Man. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, he also directed Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Have you seen any of those?
You're welcome!
Sure! Joseph Heller starred in Zookeeper. Have you seen that one?
Yes, I can. Catch 22 is a great historical fiction novel.
You're welcome!
Sure! Stefan Kapicic starred in Deadpool. Have you seen it?
Deadpool is starring Kristy Swanson. Do you like Kristy Swanson?
The Power of the lead character is Xenocide.
Sure! Do you like books by J.R.R Tolkien?
Harry Potter series is a good one
Sure! E Lockhart wrote a book called Lockhart. Have you read it?
Yes. We Were Liars is in English.
You're welcome.
Do you like Interstellar because it is a sci-fi movie or because it is a sci-fi movie?
Sure, do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Then you might like The Incredible Hulk or The Incredible Hulk.
It's a sci-fi movie starring Xander Berkeley. Do you like sci-fi?
Then you might like World War Z because it is a sci-fi movie.
Yes, he's a great singer. Do you like him because he is a singer?
I don't know if it's a genre, but I don't know if he's a composer, but I do know he's a musician.
I don't know if it's a genre, but I don't know if it's a genre of music.
Sure! Kurt Wimmer directed The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
Have you seen Equilibrium? It's a drama.
She also starred in Xenocide. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
Yes, Sidney Lumet is an American professional boxer who was born in London.
I don't have any other books written by Sidney
It is a fiction book
The Selection is written by Kiera Cass. Do you like Kiera Cass books?
She also wrote The Sword and The Sword. Have you read either of those?
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome
Sure! Richard Linklater directed a number of great films. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Yes, Waking Life is a Romantic Comedy.
You're welcome.
Yes, he directed The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen that one?
The Fault in Our Stars was written by Stephen King. Do you like him?
Yes, John Green wrote The Fault in Our Stars. Have you read it?
Yes, he also wrote The Fault in Our Stars. Have you heard of it?
Paper Towns was written by John Green. He also wrote Paper Towns. Have you read that one?
Yes, it was directed by J.R.R.R Tolkien.
Yes, he directed the Indie films. Have you seen that one? It is a great movie.
Yes, he was in that one as well. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he was also in My Own Private Idaho with Keanu Reeves.
Sure, he wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you read that one?
He wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames and SantaLand Diaries. Are you a fan of his work?
Yes, Dorothy Parker was influenced by John Scalzi.
It was written by E Lockhart and released in 2014.
Sure, E. Lockhart wrote The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks. Have you heard of it?
I'm not sure about the book, but I do know it was released in 2014 and is a speculative fiction book.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a writer and a screenwriter. Do you like his work?
Thirteen Moons and Cold Mountain is a historical novel.
Yes, it was written by Charles Frazier. Do you like his work?
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are a Kpop band. Do you like them?
I'm not sure about their sone, but I do know they are a couple of popular bands. They're a couple of my favorite bands. They're very popular.
Yes, he starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
He wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you read it?
Yes, Éric-Emmanuel Schmitt wrote The Blue Dolphins and The Black Pearl.
He plays table tennis. Do you like table tennis?
Yes he did. He also won the 2012 Summer Olympics. Do you like table tennis?
You're welcome.
He wrote Het Achterhuis: Dagboekbrieven 14 juni 1942 - 1 augustus 1944
Dagboekbrieven is in English.
Yes, Eleanor Roosevelt wrote a book called Eleanor Roosevelt.
You're welcome!
Goodfellas is written by J.R.R Tolkien and is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Robert De Niro starred in Goodfellas. Have you seen it?
Robert DeNiro also starred in a movie called The Fugitive.
Robert De Niro also starred in What Just Happened.
Yes, it was written by Art Linson.
You're welcome.
Do you like it because it is a comedy or because it is a comedy?
The stars in What Lies Beneath include Robert Downey Jr. and Robert Duvall.
What Lies Beneath was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
I'm a fan of the Boston Celtics, but I don't know much about them. Do you like them?
I'm not a fan of football, but I do know that they are owned by Wyc Grousbeck.
I'm not a fan of basketball, but I like the Lakers. Who is your favorite team?
That's a great basketball player. I think he's a great player.
Yes, he is a great actor. Did you know he starred in the movie X-Men Origins?
Yes he is a great actor and he also starred in a movie called X-Men 2.
Yes, Simon West also directed the movie and he also directed The Last Man. Have you seen it?
Yes, Natalie Babbitt wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you read that one?
Yes, Tuck Everlasting is a romance. Do you like romance?
Yes, Voyager is considered a romance novel.
You're welcome!
Sure! The Perks of Being a Wallflower is written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King?
Roland Emmerich also produced The Perks of Being a Wallflower. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was in Independence Day. Do you like Tom McCarthy movies?
You're welcome!
He starred in Gravity. Have you seen it?
Gravity was released in 2011.
Gravity was released in 2013.
Gravity is a Sci-Fi movie. Other Sci-Fi movies you might like are Gravity and Gravity.
You're welcome
I'm not a huge fan of the Oakland Raiders, but I think they're a pretty good team.
They moved to Los Angeles in the 80's and moved to Los Angeles in the 80's.
I'm not sure if they made the Super Bowl XXXXXXXVIII.
Sure! The Prestige is written by Roberto Orci and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, it is a Sci-Fi book.
Rebecca Hall also starred in X-Men Origins: Apocalypse
You're welcome
Sure! Catch 22 is written by J.R.R Tolkien and is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is a war novel.
Yes, it is a war novel by Joseph Heller. Do you like war novels?
You're welcome.
Yes, P.C. Cast wrote The Last Stand and The Last Stand. Have you read either of those?
It's a romance novel. It was released in 1891.
You're welcome!
Yes, it's a great book written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King?
Yes, it is. Do you like White Teeth because it is a romance novel?
Yes, he also wrote White Teeth. Have you read that one?
You're welcome!
Sure! John Lasseter directed a number of great films such as X-Men Origins: Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that one?
Cars 2 was released in 2011. Cars 2 was released in 2011.
Yes, Peter Jacobson also starred in Cars 2 along with Peter Jacobson.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him, but I know he is a boxer and a boxer.
She is married to Hayden Panettire. She is a musician and a musician.
Yes, he is very talented and he also starred in The Titans.
I'm a fan of the Denver Broncos. They're coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I like the Redskins and the Redskins. Do you like the Redskins?
Yes, he was the owner of the Denver Broncos. Do you like him?
Yes, it was written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King?
Yes, it was written by Terry Pratchett
Terry Pratchett also wrote Speculative fiction books
He is a basketball player from Chicago. He plays for the Chicago Bulls.
I don't know much about him, but he is a basketball player.
Yes he did, he is a great basketball player
You're welcome
Anthony Heald is a great actor. Do you like him because he is a writer?
Ted Tally also wrote The Silence of the Lambs. Have you seen it?
Yes, he wrote The Silence of the Lambs and The Juror. Have you seen either?
You're welcome!
Yes, I am a fan of Transformers. Do you like Transformers?
Yes, Shia Lebouf starred in that one as well.
Yes, Shia Lebouf also starred in X-Men 2. Have you seen it?
Yes, he is a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
I'm not a fan of basketball but I think he's a point guard. Do you like basketball?
I'm not sure about that, but I know he is a point guard for the 90's.
Hush Hush is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes it is a series
Yes, it is a Romance novel.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a golfer from London. Do you like golf?
I don't know much about Tiger Woods, but I know he is a professional golfer. Do you like Tiger Woods?
I haven't seen it but I think Adam Sandler also starred in Happy Gilmore.
I'm a fan of the Miami Dolphins, but I don't know much about them. Do you like them?
I don't know much about them but I do know they are coached by David Nichols
I'm not a huge fan of the Dolphins but I do know they are coached by David Nichols
Yes, he wrote Into the Wild. Have you read that one?
Sure, Rayuela is a novel written in English. It was released in 1891.
You're welcome!
Yes, she is a singer and a singer. Do you like her?
Yes, she was in a science fiction movie called The Giver.
The Giver is a science fiction movie. The Giver is about a boy born born born in Chicago.
Yes, it's a great book written by J.R.R Tolkien.
John Green also wrote Into the Wild. Have you read that one?
John Green also wrote Looking for Alaska. Have you read that one?
You're welcome.
Sure, Truman Capote is a Speculative fiction novel written by Stephen King. Do you like him?
Yes he did and he also wrote In Cold Blood. Have you seen it?
I haven't seen it, but I do know it was released in 1967.
Yes, he starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen any of those?
Mandy Moore starred in Tangled. He also starred in a movie called Aliens.
Yes, he also wrote The Last Man and The Last Man. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, he was. He also starred in a movie called X-Men 2.
Tom Hanks also starred in Larry Crowne. It's a great movie.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a great science fiction novel written by J.R.R Tolkien.
The Goonies is a Sci-Fi movie starring Robin Williams. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
The Extra-Terrestrial and Close Encounters of the Third Kind were released in 2010.
A Beautiful Mind was written by Jane Austen. It's a Thriller.
You're welcome!
He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
You're welcome!
Sure, Marlon Brando, Marlon Brando and Marlon Brando starred in The Godfather Part III.
The Scent of a Woman is directed by Marlon Brando.
Yes, Joe Mantegna also directed The Godfather. Have you seen it?
He also starred in The Godfather. Have you seen it?
Witless Protection is a Thriller. It's a drama.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on the genre but I can give you some other recommendations.
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo has a genre of drama. It also has a genre of drama.
You're welcome!
Yes, she's a great singer. Are you a fan of hers?
Yes, she is a singer, songwriter and songwriter.
I'm not sure about her but I know she has a few albums. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I am a fan of their old music. I like them. Do you like them? Do you like them?
I'm not a huge fan of their music, but I do know they are a couple of my favorite artists.
I'm not a huge fan of music, but I'm a fan of Pop music. What genre do you like?
Sure! Craig T. Nelson starred in a number of films. He also starred in a number of films. Have you seen them?
He was also in The Incredibles. Have you seen it?
He also starred in The Incredibles. Have you seen it?
Yes, Tyrone Giordano also starred in The Family Stone.
Diane Keaton also starred in The Family Stone. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Sure! Sylvia Plath wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you read that one?
Yes, The Journals of Sylvia Plath is written by Sylvia Plath.
Yes, she wrote Collected Poems and The Bell Jar. Have you read either of those?
I think he was most popular in his music, but I don't know a lot about him.
Yes, he's a great ballad. Do you like ballads?
Yes, it's about the whale. It's about a whale, who is a whale.
Yes, he directed the movie X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
Deadpool has a genre Thriller. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure who directed Zoolander. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Sure, he wrote Il Principe.
It was released in 1513. It was written by Niccolo Machiavelli.
It was written by Niccolo Machiavelli and released in 1513.
It was released in 1513 and was written by Niccolo Machiavelli.
Yes, he starred in Zookeeper. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure when it came out, but I do know that Marina was released in 2010.
Yes, it's written in English.
Sure! Alice Walker wrote The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby. Have you read either of those?
The Color Purple is a novel written in 1891.
Yes, it is Musical
Sure! Memento is written by Roberto Orci and is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller?
Jennifer Todd starred in Memento, which is a psychological thriller.
You're welcome
Karim Benzema plays for the France national football team. Do you like him?
I'm not sure if he's a striker for Real Madrid but I think he's a midfielder.
That's a great team, I'm not a huge fan of Arsenal but I think he's a good player.
Sure! The Scarlet Letter is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like Speculative fiction?
He is an American professional basketball player who plays point guard for the Chicago Bulls.
The World is a Speculative fiction novel written by John Irving.
I'm not sure when it was released, but I do know Tragicomedy, Coming of Age, and Comedy-Drama.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a writer and a director. Do you like his work?
Yes, she was in Princess Mononoke. Do you like her movies?
Sure! Treasure Planet is an animated film released in 2010. It is a great movie. It is a great movie.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
Ocean's Thirteen has genre Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure! The Fight Club is starring Robert Downey Jr. and Robert Downey Jr.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now, but I can tell you that it is a comedy.
Well, if you like Brad Pitt, you might like The Fight Club. It's a comedy.
You're welcome!
The Theory of Everything is written by J.R.R Tolkien and is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like those genres?
Emily Watson also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine.
Yes, it's a Romantic film. Do you like romance films?
Yes, he is a cricket player from India. Do you like cricket?
It is a sport that plays cricket. Do you like Cricket?
He was born in India and is a cricket player.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I think he's a good coach, he's a great player.
Yes, Holes was written by J.R.R Tolkien. Do you like him?
I don't know anything else about Holes, but I do know he wrote the book Holes. Have you read it?
That's a great book. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, he is a basketball player and plays point guard. Do you like basketball?
I don't have that information but I do know he played for the Golden State Warriors in 2012.
They are a basketball movie. They are in the NBA. Do you like basketball?
You're welcome
Yes, Ethan Suplee is a composer and a composer. He was born in New York City.
Sure, Vulgar is starring Tom Hanks, Tom Hanks, Tom Hanks, and Kevin Smith.
Sure, Vulgar is starring Tom Hanks and Kevin Smith. It is a comedy/drama film.
Kevin Smith is a writer, a director, and a director. He was born in New York City. He was also a director and a director.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them but I do know they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like them?
I don't know much about soccer, but I do know he plays for the Germany national football team.
Yes, it was written by J.R.R Tolkien and is a fantasy novel.
You might enjoy Wizard's First Rule or Wizard's First Rule. Both are Speculative fiction.
Legend of the Seeker is a Speculative fiction novel.
Yes, Nineteen Eighty-Four is written by J.R.R Tolkien.
Nineteen Eighty-Four is a novel.
Yes he has written a number of fiction novels. Is there anything else I can help you with?
It is a fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
The Shadow of the Torturer is a novel written by George Orwell.
You're welcome!
You're welcome.
Yes, he is a quarterback and plays for the Carolina Panthers.
Wes Welker is a quarterback for the New England Patriots. Do you like him?
That's right, he's on the Patriots. I think he's a good quarterback.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a boxer and a boxer.
Yes, he's a good boxer. He's a great boxer.
Yes, he's a great boxer. Do you like boxing?
Sure! Do you like Time Machine because it's a thriller or because it's a thriller?
The City was written by Roberto Orci. Do you like him?
It's a fiction novel.
Do you like Twilight because it is a Sci-Fi or Thriller?
Then you might like The Last Man or The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you seen either of those?
Sure! Youth in Revolt is written by John Scalzi and is a Thriller/Romance film.
Great, I hope you enjoy them both.
Sure! Andrew Garfield starred in XXXX. Have you seen that one?
The Other Boleyn Girl was written by Andrew Garfield and starred in The Other Boleyn Girl and The Amazing Spider-Man.
Yes, she won the Academy Award for Best Actress of the Year.
How to Win Friends and Influence People is a non-fiction book bydale carnegie.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other suggestions for self help books.
Yes, he also wrote How to Win Friends and Influence People. Have you read this one?
You are welcome!
Yes, it was written by J.R.R Tolkien and is a Thriller. Do you like his work?
Yes, Jack Reacher is written by J.R.R Tolkien and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I am not sure about Jack Reacher, but I do know that Jack Reacher is a Thriller. Do you like Tom Cruise?
Shark Night also stars Xander Berkeley. Have you seen Shark Night?
Yes, he's a great singer and songwriter. Do you like him?
Yes, I like Ziggy Marley, he is a composer and a musician.
Yes, he is a great singer and a musician. Do you like him?
Do you like Ratatouille because it's a romance or because it's a drama?
Have you seen the movie Ratatouille? It's a romantic comedy.
You're welcome
Sure, Se7en is written by Stephen King and he also directed X-Men 2. Have you seen that one?
If you like Crime Thrillers, you might also like The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure who starred in Zodiac. It's a Thriller.
Great, I hope you enjoy them both.
The Paris Wife is written by Paula McLain and released in 2011.
No, I haven't, but I think Paula McLain wrote The Paris Wife. Have you read it?
Circling the Sun was released in 2011. It's a fiction novel.
Yes, it was written in English. I hope you enjoy!
Yes, she's a great singer. Did you know she also starred in a movie called Into the Wild?
I like Stronger because she is a singer and a musician. Do you like her music?
I'm not sure if she has any other celebrity fans, but I think she is a great singer.
Yes, I like reality television. Do you like reality TV?
Sure! City of Fallen Angels is a Speculative fiction novel written by J.R.R Tolkien.
Sure! City of Fallen Angels is a Fantasy/Adventure novel written by J.R.R Tolkien.
Yes, she also wrote The Mortal Instruments. It's a fantasy novel.
You are welcome.
Yes, he directed a lot of great films. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
It's a drama. Do you like drama?
The Other Boleyn Girl is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
The Other Boleyn Girl is a historical drama.
Yes, The Other Boleyn Girl is a history movie. Do you like history movies?
The Other Boleyn Girl has a genre of Thriller. Do you like those genres?
Sure! Franz Kafka wrote The Last Stand. Have you heard of that one?
Sure! The Castle is a novel written by Franz Kafka. It was released in 1926.
The book America is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
I'm not sure about his latest film, but I do know he directed Star Trek. Have you seen that one?
Tom Hanks and Nathalie Baye also starred in it.
Sure! Paula Hawkins wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you read that one?
Yes, it was a movie and it was released in 2015.
You're welcome
Sure! Kiera Cass has written a number of books. She has written a number of great books. Have you read any of her books?
The Siren is a drama and The Queen is a drama.
Yes, she is a great young-adult fiction writer. She has also written Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Modern Prometheus is written by William Shakespeare and is a Speculative fiction novel.
Sure, Percy Bysshe Shelley also wrote The Modern Prometheus.
He also starred in the Focker Series. Have you seen it?
Yes, she also starred in Valentine's Day. Have you seen it?
Yes, it was written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King?
No I haven't heard of them. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he's a great basketball player. Do you like him?
Yes he was, he was also a point guard in the NBA.
Yes he was a point guard as well.
Sure! The Scorch Trials is written by Stephen King and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like Stephen King?
You're welcome!
I haven't heard of Wall-E. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, do you like X-Men because it is a sci-fi or action film?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Volcano is a sci-fi film starring Tom Hanks. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Yes, it is a great movie. Do you like it because it is a Thriller?
Yes, they were both in it. Do you like them?
Missy Eliot starred in Moulin Rouge. Do you like her movies?
You're welcome
I know he plays for the Portugal national football team. Do you like him?
I am a fan of soccer, but I don't watch much soccer, but I do know he plays for Real Madrid C.F.
I like soccer, but I don't know much about soccer. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I like American football, but I don't know much about American football. What sport do you like?
My favorite team is the Redskins. Do you have a favorite team?
I think they will be in the Superbowl. They are a good team.
Alan Rickman starred in a number of movies. He was also a director and a director. Have you seen any of those?
Sure, Scarface is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Then you might like The Last Colony. It's a crime/thriller.
Yes Rodney Dangerfield and Rachel Ticotin both starred in it.
You're welcome!
Yes, he has written a number of books. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Yes, Abigail Breslin also starred in that movie. Have you seen it?
The Incredible Burt Wonderstone was released in 1994.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a singer, songwriter, and songwriter. Do you like him?
Yes, I like her music. Do you like her music?
Yes she won the American Idol Award for Best Singer of the Year
What Alice Forgot was written by Liane Moriarty and released in 2009. Do you like her work?
I'm not sure when it was released. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure! Ender's Game is written by J.R.R Tolkien and is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Speakers of the Dead is Speculative fiction
Waylander was written by John Green
you're welcome
Sure, Aladdin is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Princess and the Frog was directed by Roberto Orci
You're welcome
Yes, she is a great singer and a musician. Do you like her music?
She released a slow live version of The Edge of Glory. You and You and You and You and You and I.
She was also in The Muppets. Have you seen it?
Do you like Coldplay because it's a Thriller?
That's a great song by Coldplay. Do you like Coldplay?
I'm not sure if they were recorded in Amsterdam. Is there anything else I can help with?
Sure, he starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, he starred in Titan A. E. and Trixie. Do you like comedies?
Yes, she is in Trixie. She also starred in a comedy called X-Men 2.
You're welcome!
Kahil Gilbran wrote Into the Wild. Have you seen that one?
The Prophet is a Thriller. what else can i do for you today?
The Prophet was released in 2004. what else can i do for you today?
anything else i can do for you today?
Yes, he is a singer and songwriter. Do you like him?
Yes, he is a musician and he is a musician. Do you like his music?
I believe he is a musician, songwriter, and songwriter.
Yes, he is a great author. He wrote The Last Man. Have you read that one?
It's a speculative fiction book
The book came out in 1905
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you like Wolverine because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Rise of the Guardians has genre Thriller.
William Joyce also wrote The Dark Knight Rise of the Guardians.
You're welcome
Yes, it's a great movie. Do you like it because it's a Thriller?
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in a lot of movies. He also starred in XXXX. Have you seen them?
Mike Starr also starred in The Last Dragon. Have you seen it?
Mike Starr wrote Blood and Wine. It's a drama.
Shooter is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
The main stars in Shooter are Robert De Niro and Robert De Niro.
Yes, Tate Donovan and Mike Dopud starred in the Televison series.
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like Godfather because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Have you seen The Godfather? It is a drama.
It is starring Tom Hanks and Robert De Niro.
Sure! Maleficent is starring Tom Hanks and Robert Downey Jr..
She also starred in a movie called Into the Wild. Have you seen it?
Yes, she was in the movie Mr and Mrs Smith. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was in Wedding Crashers. Do you like Wedding Crashers?
Yes, he was in that one as well. He was also in a movie called X-Men 2.
He plays for the Germany national football team. Do you like him?
Yes, he plays for the Germany national football team.
Toni Kroos plays for the Germany national football team and plays for the Germany national football team.
Yes, he plays for the Portugal national football team. Do you like him?
It is a soccer player from Portugal. Do you like soccer?
Yes, he is the captain for Portugal national football team.
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi?
Yes, John Travolta starred in Edge of Tomorrow. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was in Edge of Tomorrow. Have you seen Edge of Tomorrow? He also starred in that movie.
Yes, Bill Murray also starred in that movie. Have you seen it?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it's a great movie. Do you like it because it's a comedy?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like it because it is a comedy?
I like murder mystery. Do you like murder mystery?
No, I haven't seen Pacifier, but I think it is a good comedy.
Yes, she is a great author. She wrote The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby.
Sure. She wrote a couple of romance novels. She also wrote a romance novel called The Fugitive.
Yes. Beautiful Darkness was turned into a movie. Would you like to know more about it?
I'm a fan of the Yankees, but I don't know much about them. Are they a baseball team?
He's from New York City. He's a former owner of the Yankees.
Yes, it was written by J.R.R Tolkien.
Michael Pavone produced Inside Out.
Yes he produced Inside Out and also produced Inside Out
It's a Thriller/Thriller.
Inside Out is a comedy and a comedy.
Yes Bruce Dern also starred in the movie Bruce Dern
Yes, it was a great movie. Do you like it because it's a romance film?
Yes, he also wrote Good Will Hunting and Robin Williams.
Yes, Push, Nevada is a great movie starring Matt Damon.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I'm not a fan of the 49ers but I do know Joe Montana is the owner of the SeaHawks.
I'm not a fan of the Steelers, but I'm a fan of the Steelers.
The Thorn Birds is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like Speculative fiction?
The Women of Brewster Place was written by John Green.
Gloria Naylor starred in it.
She also starred in a movie called The Women of Brewster Place.
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
Sure! Dark Lover is written by J.R. Ward and released in 2005.
Yes, Tyrannosaur Canyon was released in 2005.
The Mist and Maze Runner are both sci-fi thrillers. Do you like sci-fi?
The Mist and The Maze Runner are both sci-fi books. Do you like sci-fi?
Sure! I hope you enjoy them!
Shelley Duvall has starred in a number of films. She also starred in a number of films. Have you seen them?
It's a great horror film. It's a great movie. It's a great movie.
It's a great horror film. It's a great movie.
You're welcome!
Sure! Oliver Hirschbiegel starred in Xenocide. Have you seen that one?
The Invasion is starring Xander Berkeley. Do you like Thrillers?
She also starred in The Invasion of the Body Snatchers.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is an American professional basketball player who plays point guard for the Miami Heat.
Cadillac Records has a genre of Thriller. Cadillac Records has genre Thriller and Thriller.
Yes, she is one of the most talented singers of all time. Do you like her music?
No, I haven't seen it. Did you know Bradley Cooper also starred in The Muppets?
It's a great movie. Will Smith also starred in Will Smith.
Martin Gardner starred in Xenocide. Have you seen that one?
Sure. Essential readings is written by John Green and is a Speculative fiction.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other information on that book.
You're welcome!
Sure! The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers was written by J.R.R Tolkien. Do you like J.R Tolkien?
He also starred in Xenocide. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
You're welcome!
Yes, I like Sylvia Plath. She's a great author. Did you know she was born in London?
Yes, he is a great golfer from Murrieta. Do you like golf?
Yes, I like Caddyshack. Have you seen Happy Gilmore? It is a great movie.
Yes, he also directed Hot Tub Time Machine. Have you seen it?
Yes, Eric Bress directed a number of great films. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
The Butterfly Effect is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome!
Sure! Now You See Me is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure, The Pelican Brief is a Thriller and a Thriller. Do you like this genre?
Sure, it is a crime drama directed by Alan Pakula. It is also a drama/action film.
Sure, do you like Juno because it is a Sci-Fi movie or because it is a Thriller?
Young Adult films are a good one. Have you seen the other Young Adult films?
The Perks of Being a Wallflower is a comedy. Do you like comedy films?
Bradley Cooper starred in the movie Bradley Cooper.
Bradley Cooper starred in a movie called X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
I'm not sure about his other comedy movies, but I do know he also starred in a comedy called The Hangover.
Yes he wrote The Light Between Oceans and The Light Between Oceans.
Sure, The Light Between Oceans was released in 2012.
I have not seen it but it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Have a great day!
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Do you like Jane Austen?
I'm sorry I don't have that information, but I do know that Lullaby was written by Jane Austen.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other information on him.
Yes, it is a great movie. Do you like it because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he also starred in Zookeeper. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
Sure! Rocky is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Sylvester Stallone also wrote the boxing film, and he also starred in a movie called Boxing. Have you seen it?
It's a boxing film. Do you like boxing?
You're welcome!
Do you like Water for Elephants because it is a Speculative fiction novel?
Then you might like The Great Gatsby or The Great Gatsby. Both are good examples.
The Age of Innocence was released in 2005.
You are welcome.
Yes, he is a great basketball player. Do you like basketball?
I'm a huge basketball fan. I'm more of a basketball fan. What do you think of him?
I agree, he is a great basketball player and he is a great player.
I agree, he's a great point guard for the LA Lakers. He's a great player!
Sure! The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time is written by J.R.R Tolkien.
The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time is written by Mark Haddon.
Sure! Do you like godfather because it is a Sci-Fi movie or because it is a Thriller?
Yes, it is a great movie. Do you like it because it is a comedy?
Yes, Apocalypse Now is a great movie. Have you seen it?
Yes, I would recommend Apocalypse. Have you seen it?
Yes, she is a great actress. Did you know she also starred in a movie called Xenocide?
Do you like Prisoner of Shark Island because it's a comedy?
Yes, he is a great singer and he also starred in a movie called Xenocide.
Private Benjamin is a drama.
You're welcome
Yes, Meg Cabot wrote The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby.
Underworld : Part of series: Underworld & Twilight
Yes, he also wrote Underworld & Twilight.
You're welcome
Do you like Insomnia because it is a sci-fi movie or because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
It is a Thriller. It is also a thriller. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure when it came out.
You're welcome!
Do you like him because he starred in a lot of movies? He also starred in XXXX.
Sure, he also starred in Xenocide. Have you seen that one?
Saving Grace was released in 2004.
Yes, she is a tennis player from Switzerland. She is a tennis player.
I don't know much about tennis but I do know that Simona Halep is a tennis player.
Yes Victoria Azarenka is also a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I don't know much about them but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
Yes, he is the coach for the San Francisco 49ers. Have you ever been to a football team?
It's a great book. It's a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
127 Hours is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Do you like him because he is in a movie called 127 Hours or because he is in it?
He was also in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen that one?
Yes, the Wrestler is written by J.R.R Tolkien. Do you like wrestling?
Turbo is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller?
You're welcome.
Yes, he is a cricket player from Delhi. Do you like cricket?
I don't know much about cricket, but I do know he plays for the Mumbai Indians.
I don't know a lot about cricket, but I know he plays for the Mumbai Indians.
The Chronicles of Narnia is written by J.R.R Tolkien and is a Speculative fiction novel.
The Chronicles of Narnia is written by C.S. Lewis.
The Chronicles of Narnia is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
You are welcome
Sure! J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan. Have you read that one?
Yes, there are a number of books similar to Peter Pan, such as The Crucible and The Crucible
Yes, you may like The Story of the Doctor Dolittle. It was also made into a movie.
The Sea Wolf is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
The Sea Wolf was written by J.M. Barrie and released in 1922.
Yes, it was written by Jack London and released in 1922.
Sure! Richard Pevear wrote рат арамаов.
Eecbl was also written by Richard Pevear.
Eecbl is a Thriller.
Yes, Cabin in the Woods is written by J.R.R Tolkien.
Kristen Connolly wrote it. Do you like Kristen Connolly?
Yes, it is. Do you like Ty Olsson?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Do you like Batman v Superman because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Then you might want to check out Batman v Superman v Superman: Dawn of Justice.
Sure, he also directed The Avengers and The Avengers.
Yes, Armageddon has genre Sci-Fi. Do you like that genre?
Yes it was released in 2006.
The Blind Side is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Blind Side is a biographical film. Do you like biographical films?
The Blind Side is a biographical film directed by Sean Penn. It is a biographical film. Do you like biographical films?
You're welcome!
I think she's a great tennis player. I think she's a great tennis player.
No, I am not a fan of tennis but I do like tennis. Do you like tennis?
Serena is a doubles partner, she is also a tennis player.
Yes, it is a great superhero film. Do you like superhero films?
No, I haven't seen Proposal. Is it a superhero film?
Yes, I like Scarlett Johansson. He also starred in The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you seen it?
Do you like Crime or Crime Fiction?
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time was directed by J.R.R. Tolkien.
The great Mike Newell starred in it. He also starred in Xenocide.
I'm not sure when it came out.
I haven't seen Superman Returns, but I do like it. Do you like Superman Returns?
It's a drama. Do you like Superman Returns?
You've Got Mail is a superhero movie. Do you like superhero movies?
You've Got Mail is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Do you like Deception Point because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Techno-thrillers are listed as Techno-thrillers. what else can i do for you today?
what else can i do for you today?
Sure! Marley & Me: Life & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog is a great movie. Do you like it because it is a comedy?
I'm not sure, but Lemony Snicket also wrote The Wide Window.
I'm not sure about the actors, but Lemony Snicket also starred in that movie.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote Slippery Slope. It's a romantic comedy.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Yes, it's a great book written by J.R.R Tolkien.
Yes, she also wrote Inferno. Have you read that one?
Yes, she also wrote My Own Heart's Blood which is a romance novel.
Drums of Autumn is the second book in the Outlander series.
Isn't he a midfielder for the Brazil national football team?
I'm not a fan of football, but I think he's a midfielder.
Yes Ryan Gosling and Hayden Panettiere both starred in it. Do you like them?
Yes, he directed The Assassination of Azkaban. Have you seen that one?
Independence Day is a Thriller/Thriller.
Yes, he also starred in a couple of movies. He also starred in X-Men Origins.
Wyatt Earp was directed by John Scalzi. Do you like his work?
I think she's a great singer and a musician. Did you know she starred in a movie called Madonna?
I like Papa Don't Preach and Beautiful Stranger. Are you a fan of his?
I'm a fan of Thriller. I'm a fan of Thriller. What about you?
I'm a fan of the Jets, but I don't know much about them. I think they are a good team.
I'm not a fan of the Jets, but I think they are a pretty good team. Do you like them?
I don't know a lot about football, but I think the Jets are doing well this year. Do you like football?
Yes, he's a great actress. He starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
Sure, Snatch is starring Robert Downey Jr. and Robert Downey Jr.
I'm not sure when Snatch was released, but it's a crime film.
Sure, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I have heard of them. They are a speculative fiction film. Do you like that genre?
I have heard of them! They are a popular Kpop group. Do you like Kpop Pop?
It's a great song! It's a great song! It's a great song! It's a classic!
Sure, he starred in Deadpool. Have you seen it?
Yes, he starred in both Deadpool and the comic book Deadpool.
Sure! Eminem is a writer and a writer. Do you like him because he wrote the book?
Yes he is, he is also friends with Timbaland and Snoop Dogg.
Yes he did and he also wrote Romeo Must Die. Have you heard of him?
You're welcome!
Sure! Shelley Duvall starred in a number of movies. Have you seen any of those? She's a great actress. Have you seen any of those?
Time Bandits is a Thriller/Drama/Drama/Drama/Drama.
Time Bandits is starring Shelley Duvall, Shelley Duvall and Shelley Duvall.
She was also in a movie called The Ice Nymphs. Have you seen it?
Sure! Donna Tartt wrote The Secret Agent and The Secret Agent. Have you read either of those?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Donna Tartt also wrote The Secret History. Have you read that one?
Yes, it's a fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Sure! Michael Bay starred in a number of movies. He also starred in Zookeeper. Have you seen those?
I don't know much about Transformers, but if you like action movies, you might like The Hunger Games or The Hunger Games.
Yes, Dwayne Johnson starred in Pain & Gain. Have you seen it?
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he is a cricket player from India. Do you like cricket?
I'm not a fan of cricket but I know he plays for the Mumbai Indians.
I'm not a fan of football but I think he's a midfielder. Do you like football?
I'm a huge fan of the Super Bowl XXXVIII. Do you like the commercials?
Sure, Lea Thompson starred in The Matrix Revolutions, The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
Yes, she was in Adventures in Babysitting. Have you seen that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have any other information on the movie.
No, I don't have it. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Audrey Niffenegger is a great author. Did you know Audrey Niffenegger was influenced by William Shakespeare?
The Time Traveler's Wife is a thriller.
Stanlee wrote Stanlee. It's a sci-fi film.
Sure! Jorja Fox starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen any of those?
Memento was written by Jorja Fox. She also starred in that movie.
Yes he wrote the movie Memento. He also starred in the movie X-Men 2.
Added to your watch list.
I'm a fan of the Green Bay Packers, but I don't know much about them. Do you like them?
I'm a fan of the Kansas City Chiefs but I don't know much about them. Do you like them?
I am not a fan of the Kansas City Chiefs but I am a fan of the Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
I'm not sure about the Cowboys. I think they will play the Cowboys this year.
Yes, he wrote a lot of great books. Is there anything else you would like to know about him?
You might enjoy Les Miserables or Les Miserables.
Yes, you might like Les Miserables or Les Miserables.
Deadpool is a great superhero movie. Do you like superhero movies?
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy is a great superhero movie. The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy is a great movie.
Deadpool was released in 2004. It's a superhero film.
You're welcome!
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Isn't he a midfielder for the Belgium national football team?
I like football, but I don't know much about him. Is he a player?
I'm not sure about that, but I do know that he plays for the Chelsea National Football team.
Yes, she's a great actress. Did you know she starred in the movie XXXX?
Yes, he was also in Men in Black 3. Have you seen that one?
No, I haven't seen it. I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Step Brothers is written by Stephen King and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like Stephen King?
Yes, he is hilarious. Did you know he was also a writer and a director?
I'm not sure when it was released, but I do know that Will Ferrell is also a writer and a director.
The Tragedy of Macbeth was written by William Shakespeare and released in 1606.
The Tragedy of King Richard the Third was written by William Shakespeare.
The Tragedy of King Richard the Third was released in 1591.
Yes, he also wrote The Tragedy of Macbeth.
Sure! Tom Hooper directed The Incredible Hulk and The Incredible Hulk. Have you seen either of those?
The Kings Speech is rated R.R. Tolkien.
The Kings Speech was released in 2005.
I'm a fan of the Denver Broncos. They are coached by Mike Zimmer and Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
That's interesting. I'm a fan of the Broncos, but I don't know much about them.
That's right. I'm not sure if he was in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Yes, it was a great movie. It was written by Roberto Orci.
I like Rihanna, she's a great singer. Do you like her music?
Battleship with Taylor Kitsch also starred Jennifer Lawrence. Do you like her movies?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he is a musician and a musician. Do you like him?
He is a musician and a musician. Do you like tennis?
Yes, he is a great singer. He is also a musician and a musician.
No, I haven't seen it but I think it was a great movie.
Yes he was, he also starred in the movie. Have you seen it?
No, I haven't seen Olivia Munn. Did you like Mortdecai's movies?
I hope you enjoy it!
Do you like Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone because it's a fantasy?
Have you read Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix?
Sure, do you like Juraissic because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Sure, you might like X-Men Origins: Wolverine, or X-Men 2.
Yes, he starred in X-Men Origins.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
X-Men Origins: Wolverine and Starship Troopers are both science fiction movies
Yes, he also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine and X-Men Origins.
Yes, he wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you read that one?
Yes, it was. It's a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he also wrote The Stand. Have you read that one?
You're welcome!
Yes, Forrest Gump is written by Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
I'm a fan of the Buccaneers. I'm a fan of the Buccaneers. Do you like them?
I'm a fan of the Buccaneers. I'm a fan of the Buccaneers. Do you like them?
He plays for the Buccaneers
They are going to make the playoffs this year
I like her song Leeds. Do you like her music?
Yes, she is a great singer
I think they are a couple of the Skarsgard brothers
Yes, I do. He's one of the most popular composers of all time. Have you heard of him?
yes he was in Desperado. do you like his music?
Taylor Swift is the latest singer in the pop music series. do you like him?
Sure! Charlotte Bront wrote a book called The Last Man. Have you read that one?
Sure! Jane Eyre is a novel written by Jane Eyre. It's a novel. It was released in 1891.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Le Comte de Monte-Cristo is written by Robin Buss. Do you like Robin Buss?
Robin Buss wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo.
The Boy Who Came Back from Heaven is written by Robin Buss.
Sure! Station Eleven was written by St. John Mandel and released in 2014. Do you like her work?
Sure, she also wrote Into the Wild. Have you read that one?
Last Night in Montreal is a Speculative fiction novel.
You're welcome!
Yes, I am a fan of the 5th Wave. Do you like it because it is a Fantasy?
Yes, he wrote The Last Star and The Infinite Sea. Have you read either of those?
Yes, he wrote The Last Star and The Infinite Sea. Have you read either of those?
Sure, he also wrote Into the Wild. Have you read that one?
King Richard the Second was written by Robert Jackson. Do you like his work?
It was released in 1818
Sure! The Notebook is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Notebook has a genre of Romance. Do you like those genres?
Yes, Water for Elephants is a great movie. It was written by John Scalzi and is a drama.
You're welcome.
Yes, it is a great book written by J.R.R Tolkien. Do you like him?
Yes, he also wrote Songs of Willow Frost.
Yes, it is located in the United States of America.
Yes he wrote that one as well.
Batman Begins is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
Yes, Morgan Freeman starred in the movie and he also starred in a movie called The Dark Knight Rises.
Morgan Freeman also starred in X-Men Origins: Apocalypse. Have you seen it?
Sure! Do you like Time to Kill because it is a Speculative fiction book?
Have you read any of the Mysteries? It's a mystery.
Have you read The Crow Road? It was written by James Patterson.
Margaret R. Higonnet wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
Yes, he also wrote The Assassination of Azkaban which was released in 1891.
He also wrote The Assassination Day which was released in 1891.
He wrote The Silkworm and The Silkworm. Have you read either of those?
She also wrote The Silkworm and The Silkworm.
You're welcome
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets was written by J.K. Rowling.
The goonies is speculative fiction
Xenocide is a good one
The goonies is a fantasy book
You are welcome
The Catcher in the Rye is written by J.R.R.R Tolkien. Do you like J.R.R Tolkien?
Yes, it was written by Simmons.
Yes, Dan Simmons also wrote a book called The Assassination of Azkaban.
Yes, he is a great actor. Do you like him because he is a director?
Billy Bob Thorton also starred in X-Men Origins: Apocalypse.
Yes, he is a great actor. He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
That's a great comedy he starred in. You should check it out.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I think he is one of the best basketball players of all time.
I don't know much about basketball but I do know he is a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks.
He plays for the Seattle Seahawks. Do you like basketball?
The Catcher in the Rye is a novel written by J.R.R Tolkien. Do you like his work?
Yes, you might like The Catcher in the Rye by J.D. Salinger. It's a speculative fiction.
Yes, they are a pop pop band. Are you a fan of Kpop?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm not sure about Shakira, but I do know she is a singer, songwriter, and a musician.
The Poisonwood Bible is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
The Poisonwood Bible was released in 1926.
Yes, I would recommend World Without End. It is a historical novel.
That is a great historical fiction novel written by Barbara Kingsolver. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Looper is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
yes that is true. what else can i do for you today?
you are welcome. anything else i can do for you?
Sure! A Beautiful Mind is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he directed A Beautiful Mind. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
The Devil in the White City: Murder, Magic, and Madness at the Fair that Changed America is written by J.R.R Tolkien.
Tony Goldwyn also wrote The Devil in the White City: Murder, Magic, and Madness at the Fair that Changed America.
Someone Like You is a romance film.
You're welcome
Sure. Catcher in the Rye is written by J.R.R Tolkien and is a Thriller. Do you like this genre?
Yes, Carpenters is written by J.D. Salinger. Do you like him?
You're welcome
I don't know much about him, but I know he plays for the Argentina national football team.
A Clockwork Orange was released in 2012.
Afraid of Virginia Woolf starred in Afraid of Virginia Woolf
Yes, it's a drama. Do you like dramas?
Sure! Fiona Stafford wrote Emma and Emma. Have you read either of those?
Sure! Philippa Gregory wrote The Crucible. Have you heard of that one?
Wideacre is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes, The White Queen is a historical fiction book.
You're welcome
Yes, Arsenal is a sports team. Are you a sports team?
I'm not sure who they play this year, but I think they're a good team.
I'm a Packers fan. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like them?
Yes, Wally Lamb is a great writer. Do you like Wally Lamb because he is a writer?
I know This Much Is True is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction novels?
That's a great fiction novel by Anne Tyler. It was released in 1891.
You're welcome
I'm a fan of the Miami Dolphins, but I don't know much about them. Do you like them?
I'm not a huge fan of the Patriots, but I think the Patriots are doing well this year.
My favorite NFL team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
Do you like Inside Out because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Jurassic Park also starred in the Jurassic Park movies.
Jurassic Park III was released in 2001.
You are welcome.
Yes, she is a great singer. Did you know she also starred in a movie called Xenocide?
Yes, Victoria Justice is a great sitcom. Do you like sitcoms?
That was a great sitcom. It also has a tv role. Do you like it?
That's a great sitcom. Did you know Britney Spears also starred in the children's television series, X-Men 2.
Downfall is written by J.R.R Tolkien and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure! Windtalkers is a war film starring Xander Berkeley. Do you like war films?
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
The Catchter in the Rye is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure, I would recommend The Fault in Our Stars. It is also a fiction novel.
Sure, I will add that one to your list.
You're welcome!
Big Hero 6 is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, Wreck-It Ralphand Wall E has genre Sci-Fi.
Yes, he also starred in X-Men Origins:Wreck-It Ralphand WallE
Mindy Kaling starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
I'm a fan of the Miami Dolphins. I'm a fan of the Miami Dolphins. Do you like them?
I'm a fan of the Dallas Cowboys. I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan.
Who is your favorite Cowboys player? I think he's a great player.
Yes, Wes Anderson starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen any of those?
Owen Wilson starred in The Royal Tenenbaums. Have you seen it?
Yes, he's a very good actor. He also starred in a movie called X-Men 2.
Yes, he is a golfer from London.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a professional golfer from England
Yes, he's a great golfer from England. He's also won the 2012 PGA Championship.
Sure! Virginia Woolf is an American professional Woolf specializing in speculative fiction and speculative fiction.
Yes, she was a writer and a writer. Her most recent work is The Last Man. Have you read it?
To The Light was released in 1891.
You're welcome!
Yes, Isaiah Thomas is an American professional basketball player who plays point guard position.
He is a point guard for the Denver Nuggets. Do you like basketball?
Yes, I am a fan of the Denver Nuggets. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure! Shelly Duvall starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
Time Bandits is considered a comedy and a comedy.
You are welcome.
Sure! Michael Mann directed The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, he directed Public Enemies, which is a great romance thriller.
Collateral has a genre Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Do you like Frances Mayes because she is a writer?
Under the Tuscan Sun was written by Frances Mayes. She also wrote Under the Tuscan Sun.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, she's a great singer. Did you know she was influenced by Taylor Swift?
I agree, she is a great singer and she is a very talented singer.
She is a great actress, she is also in the movie Valentine's Day
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I'm not a fan of the Steelers, but I'm a fan of Tomlin. Do you like Tomlin?
Yes, Alyson Noel wrote Shadowland and Night Star. Have you read either of those?
She's written a number of fantasy books. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm not sure about Evermore, but I do know that Evermore is a fantasy novel.
You're welcome!
I have heard of him, he plays for the Uruguay national football team. Do you like him?
Yes he plays for the Columbia national football team. Do you like football?
I like Radamel Falcao, he's a great player. I think he's a great player.
Yes, Dead Poets Society is written by J.R.R Tolkien and is a Speculative fiction novel.
Dead Poets Society is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he also wrote Dead Poets Society. Have you seen that one?
Well, if you like Drama, you should check out Dead Poets Society and Dead Poets Society.
You're welcome!
Yes, John Tiffany is a writer and a screenwriter. Do you like his work?
Yes, he did. He also wrote Harry Potter and the Cursed Child. Have you read them?
Yes, The Silkworm was adapted into a movie.
Sure! Milan Kundera wrote The Last Man and The Last Man. Have you read either of those?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome!
Sure! The Bourne Identity is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Bourne Identity-The actors in the Bourne Identity-The Bourne Identity-The Bourne Story-The Bourne Identity-Theory Story-The Bourne Identity-The Bourne Identity-Theoreography-The Bourne Identity-Theoreography-The Bourne Identity-Theoreography-The Bourne Identity-Theoreography-The Bourne Identity-Theoreography-The Bourne Identity-Theoreography-The Bourne Identity is a Thriller and The Bourne Identity
Yes, they both star in the Bourne Legacy.
Sure! Laura Hillenbrand wrote The Secret Life of Bees. Have you read any of those?
Laura Hillenbrand also wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you read it?
Sorry, I don't have that information at this time.
Yes, he directed a lot of great films. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Yes, she was. She also starred in the movie. Have you seen it?
Yes, it won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.
Yes, there are a couple of good Romance films. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Sure! The Great Gatsby is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like Speculative fiction?
Yes, To Kill a Mockingbird is written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King?
The Sun Always Rises is written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King?
Sure, he starred in a lot of great movies. He also starred in XXXX. Have you seen that one?
Spud is a Thriller and Thriller.
He also starred in a romance movie called Xenocide
I'm not sure who else stars in Spud.
Yes, Irwin Kershner directed a number of movies. Irwin Kershner also directed the movie X-Men 2. Have you seen that one?
The Return of a Man Called Horse is a thriller and The Last Temptation of Christ is starring Tom Hanks.
You're welcome!
Yes, Rob Riggle is an actor who starred in The Matrix Revisited.
The Other Guys is starring Robert Downey Jr.
The Other Guys was released in 2005
You're welcome
Sure! Morgan Freeman starred in The Hunger Games. Have you seen that one?
Ned Bellamy also starred in The Shawshank Redemption.
Yes, Jonathan Hyde also starred in The Shawshank Redemption.
You're welcome!
Blood Diamond is a Speculative fiction novel written by J.R.R Tolkien.
Yes, it was written by J.R.R Tolkien and is a Thriller. Do you like his work?
Did you like Leonardo DiCaprio because he starred in The Aviator or because it was a biographical film?
Inception is a great movie with George Clooney and Matt Ross. You should check it out.
Yes he did, he is a great actor and he also starred in The Last Man and The Last Man.
You're welcome!
50/50 is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure! 50/50 is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, Vanessa Fertilio starred in that movie as well. She also starred in a movie called Into the Wild.
You're welcome!
Yes, they are a basketball team. Do you like basketball?
The Washington Wizards are a basketball team. Do you like basketball?
No, I haven't seen Nanking. Isn't Woody Harrelson in it?
Yes, I do. She is a great author. She was born in New York City. Do you like her books?
Sure. The Long Winter was written by Laura Ingalls Wilder. It was released in 1891.
Yes, I would recommend The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby.
Yes, I can. You might also like The Little House Collection.
Sure! Erik Larson wrote a number of books. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Have you heard of Xenocide, Xenocide?
It is a drama. Do you like it because it is a fantasy?
Yes, there is a play called Afraid of Virginia Woolf. Afraid of Virginia Woolf is a play.
It was directed by Richard bach and released in 1988.
It was written by Richard bach and released in 1988.
Sure! Brad Garrett starred in a lot of great movies. He also starred in XXX. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Jim Belushi and Jay Leno also starred in The Pacifier.
The Pacifier was released in 2005.
You're welcome!
The Devil Wears Prada is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Some of the actors in that movie are Robert Downey Jr. and Robert Downey Jr.
Yes, you might like X-Men Origins: Wolverine, X-Men Origins: Apocalyptic.
I am not sure who directed the movie, but I do know it is a Romance film
Water for Elephants came out in 2010
You're welcome
Sure! Jennifer lopez starred in XXXX. Have you seen that one?
He is a soccer player who plays for the Uruguay national football team. Do you like soccer?
Yes, he plays for the Colombia national football team.
I'm not sure, but I do know he played for the Colombia national football team.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I, Robot is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
Sure! As Good as It Gets is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure, Terms of Endearment is written by James L. Brooks and is a Thriller.
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome
I'm a fan of the Jaguars, but I don't know much about them. Do you like them?
I'm not sure who owns the team, but I know Tyron Brackenridge is the owner of the team.
I am a fan of the Patriots but I don't know much about him.
She plays tennis, but I don't know much about her. Is she a tennis player?
Yes, she did. She also won the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.
I like swimming. I'm a huge sports fan. I'm a huge sports fan.
He's from London! He's a great swimmer. He's from India.
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you read that one?
It was released in 1891.
He also contributed to films such as Two by Two and Two by Two.
Yes he was a screenwriter and a screenwriter.
Yes he was a comedian and a comedian. He was born in New York City.
You're welcome!
Pulp Fiction was directed by J.R.R Tolkien.
Yes there is. Kill Bill is a sequel to Kill Bill.
Yes she is. She's also starred in Kill Bill.
You're welcome!
Do you like Sin City because it is a Thriller or Drama?
It's a drama. Do you like that genre?
It is starring Robert Rodriguez and Robert Rodriguez.
You're welcome!
Sure! The Kite Runner is written by Kite Runner and is a Speculative fiction novel.
Yes, Khaled Hosseini also wrote The Kite Runner.
Khaled Hosseini also wrote The Kite Runner. Have you heard of that one?
You're welcome!
I'm not sure about her, but I do know she is a singer, songwriter, and actress.
Yes, he did. Veronika is a speculative fiction novel.
Yes, he wrote The Alchemist and The Alchemist.
Sure. J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan. Have you read that?
Peter Pan is a Thriller.
Yes, The Great Gatsby is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
The Great Gatsby was released in 2004.
Yes, there are so many great dramas like The Great Gatsby, The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby.
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button was written by John Scalzi and released in 1925.
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button was released in 1925.
Yes, The Fighter is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, Jane Eyre is written by Jane Eyre. It is a romance novel. Have you read it?
Charlotte Bronte also wrote Jane Eyre. Have you read that one?
Villette is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome!
Just Listen was written by J.R.R.R Tolkien. Do you like his work?
Sarah Dessen is a great author. She also wrote A Walk in the Woods. Have you read that one?
This Lullabye is a Young-adult fiction novel written by Sarah Dessen.
Do you like him because he is a writer or a director?
Yes, Steve Kloves also directed The Amazing Spider-Man. Have you seen it?
Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is one of my favorite Harry Potter films.
You're welcome!
I think he is a great musician and a musician. Do you like him?
AB de Villiers is an American professional cricketer who played for the South African national team.
I am not a fan of cricket but I do know they played in the 2012 Olympics. Do you like cricket?
Sure, Baz Luhrmann directed The Last Stand and The Last Stand. Have you seen any of those?
I am not sure who starred in this movie, but I do know he is a great actor.
You're welcome
You're welcome
Yes, it is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a romantic comedy?
I would recommend The Princess Diaries. It's a great movie.
That's a great fairy tale. I think you will like it.
That's a good one. It's a very dark one. I think you might enjoy it.
Yes, it was written by J.R.R.R Tolkien. Do you like him?
Yes, Jack London also wrote The Call of the Wild. Have you read that one?
To Build a Fire is written by Jack London and is a fiction book.
Yes, Beautiful Disaster is written by Jamie McGuire and released in 2011.
Yes, Walking Disaster was written by Jamie McGuire. Do you like his work?
Beautiful Sacrifice is a novel written by Jamie McGuire. Do you like books by Jamie McGuire?
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Sure! Jennifer Lawrence starred in a number of films. She's starred in a number of films. Do you like her movies?
Yes, Robert De Niro starred in Silver Linings Playbook
Yes, it is a comedy.
You're welcome!
I'm a fan of the Arizona Cardinals. I'm a fan of the Arizona Cardinals. Do you like them?
I am a Bears fan. I am a Bears fan. Do you like Bears?
I am not a fan of the Cowboys. I think the Cowboys have a good season this year. Do you like the Cowboys?
Do you like Beloved because it is a Speculative fiction novel?
Do you like Tombstone because it's historical fiction or because it's a Thriller?
Billy Bob Thornton also starred in Love Actually. It's a great movie.
I don't know much about her, but I do know she is a singer, songwriter and songwriter.
Yes, Liam Hensworth is a musician and he is a musician. Do you like his music?
Did you know Nicolas Sparks also starred in The Last Song?
Sure, do you like the book because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
The Lucky One is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like Speculative fiction?
The Notebook was made into a movie. The Notebook was made into a movie. Do you like books by Nicholas Sparks?
You're welcome
Sure, Jean-Marc Vallée starred in a number of films. Have you seen any of them?
I'm not sure about the genre but I do know that Jean-Marc Vallée starred in many movies.
Yes, it's a drama. Do you like drama?
It's a great movie. The Queen is a great drama film.
I'm not sure who starred in that one but I do know he was also a director
She also starred in X-Men Origins: Apocalypse
Sure, will do
The Fast and the Furious is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
No, I don't have that information but I can tell you more about Fast and Furious movies.
The main star in Fast and Furious is Veronica Roth
You're welcome
Do you like World War Z because it is a sci-fi movie?
Do you like World War Z because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Yes, it is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a comedy?
Yes, he also starred in X-Men Origins: Apocalypse.
He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
Cat's Cradle is written by J.R.R Tolkien.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr. wrote a book called Mythology. Have you read it?
I don't have any autobiographies of Vonnegut. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
I think he's a great basketball player. Do you like him?
Yes, he was a point guard for the Denver Nuggets.
That's a great point guard for the LA Clippers. Do you like point guards?
Yes, he is a great singer. Do you like him because he is a singer?
Yes, he is a great song writer. Do you like Sam Smith's work?
yes she is a screenwriter and playwright. do you like him?
I don't know much about them but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
No, I didn't know that. I'm a fan of the New York Knicks. Do you like them?
I like the Philadelphia Eagles, but I don't know much about basketball, but I do know the Philadelphia Eagles are a basketball team. Do you like basketball?
Yes, he's a great actor. He starred in The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen that movie?
Chris Weitz starred in American Pie. Do you like comedies?
Yes, it is produced by Warren Zide.
The Day After Tomorrow is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I haven't seen Zodiac. Is it a Thriller?
Yes, he was a great actor. He was also in a movie called X-Men Origins.
Yes, he was in all of the Avengers movies. Have you seen that one?
I'm a fan of the Golden State Warriors, but I don't know much about them. Are they a basketball team?
That's a great basketball team. Did you know Philadelphia 76ers is a basketball team?
That's a great movie! Did you know the Men in Black was written by James Patterson?
That's a great movie! Did you know Kevin James produced it? I think Kevin James also produced it.
Madame Bovary was written by Frances Mayes. Are you interested in her work?
Yes, it was released in 1800s.
Yes, there is a book called Madame Bovary written by Mark Overstall.
You are welcome.
Sure! Ara Celi starred in American Beauty. Have you seen it?
It was written by J.R.R Tolkien. Do you like her work?
Sure, Kevin Spacey also starred in X-Men Origins: Apocalypse. Have you seen that?
Yes, she is a tennis player. Did you know she lost to Serena Williams?
Yes, she's a great tennis player.
That's a good romantic comedies. Did you know Maria Sharapova also starred in that movie?
Yes, Ridley Scott directed a number of films. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Yes he directed All the Money in the World
Sure, All the Money in the World is written by Ridley Scott
He also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen either?
You are welcome
I don't know if she has a new album, but I do know she is a singer and a musician.
It is a romance film written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
Shakira won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.
I think it's a great movie. Do you like it because it's a Thriller?
I'm not sure about the genre, but I do know it was written by Neil Gaiman.
Then you might like The Incredible Hulk or The Incredible Hulk.
Wicked City is a Speculative fiction film starring Keith David and John Hodgman. Do you like that genre?
Sure! Margaret Atwood wrote The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby. Have you read either of those?
He wrote Where the Red Fern Grows. Have you read that one?
Yes, he also wrote Where the Red Fern Grows and Where the Red Fern Grows
The Summer of the Monkeys was released in 2005
You're welcome
You are welcome
The Notebook is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like speculative fiction?
Yes, he also wrote The Notebook. Have you read that one?
The Notebook is a romance novel written by Nicolas Sparks and is also a novel.
You're welcome!
Sure! Tom Quirk wrote moby Dick, Moby Dick, and Moby Dick. Have you seen any of those?
That's right. It was released in 1851.
You're welcome!
Yes, P.D. Eastman wrote The Best Nest and Go, Dog Go!
Yes, A Fish Out of Water is considered children's literature.
Yes, Dr. Suess wrote Go, Dog, Go! which is a children's literature.
Sure, he is a writer and a director. He starred in a lot of movies. He was also a director. Do you like him?
Sure, Surviving Picasso is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
It is a great biography movie starring Xander Berkeley. Do you like Xander Berkeley movies?
Sure! Mario Puzo wrote The Last Man and The Last Man. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it is. Do you like that genre?
You are welcome
Danny Boyle directed a lot of films. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he was in Trance and Trainspotting.
127 Hours has genre Thriller. Do you like Thriller?
Sure! Brad Pitt starred in a lot of movies. He also starred in The Last Man and The Last Man. Have you seen any of those?
He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine
It is a comedy. Do you like comedy?
Brad Pitt also starred in the movie he was in
You're welcome
Fantastic 4: Rise of the Silver Surfer is a sci-fi thriller. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Chris Evans also starred in X-Men Origins: Apocalypse, X-Men Origins: Apocalypse, and Inception.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is an athlete. Do you like him?
Do you like Oldboy because it is a comedy or because it is a comedy?
Sure, do you like Philip Pullman because he is a writer?
Yes, Robin Jarvis wrote a book called The Assassination of Azkaban.
You're welcome
Sure! Stanley Corngold wrote Die Verwandlung. Have you read it?
Die Verwandlung is written by Franz Kafka and released in 1915.
Yes, it is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a Thriller?
Mike Colter also starred in Taking Chance. Have you seen it?
Yes, Linus Roache also starred in the Psychological Thriller.
Yes, he also starred in The Ten Commandments.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it's a great movie. Do you like it because it's a comedy?
It is written by Robert Wade. It is a drama. Do you like dramas?
I'm not sure when it was released but I do know it was written by Robert Wade.
Yes, it was a television series released in 2006.
You are welcome.
Sure, do you like it because it is a sci-fi or a sci-fi?
Tom Tykwer starred in the Sci-Fi genre. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Charlize Theron also starred in X-Men Origins: Apocalypse
You're welcome
You're welcome
Taxi Driver is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You're welcome!
Sure, you might enjoy the X-Men Origins: Apocalypse, or X-Men Origins:Action.
The Dark Hours is a Thriller and is a Thriller.
Yes, it's a great book written by J.R.R Tolkien. Do you like him?
Yes, he wrote The Pillars of the Earth. Have you read that one?
The Day of the Jackal is a Thriller and a Thriller.
Yes, she is a great actress. She was born in New York City. Have you seen her movies?
The Diary of a Young Girl was released in 1891.
Sure, The Diary of a Young Girl was released in 1891.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
A Time to Kill is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
He also starred in A Time to Kill. Have you seen that one?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, he directed The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen that one?
Well, if you like comedies, he also directed the movie, you might like The Last Man. Have you seen this one?
You're welcome!
Sure! Dan Brown wrote The Last Man and The Last Man. Have you read either of those?
Yes, McG directed We Are Mars and 3 Days to Kill.
Yes, it is a science fiction movie.
The Game of Their Lives was written by Roberto Orci. Do you like him?
Yes, they are a professional football team based in Tampa Bay. Do you like football?
Yes, he's a linebacker for the Chicago Bears.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is one of the most well-known players of all time.
I'm a fan of football, but I'm a fan of football. I like to watch football.
I'm a fan of the Washington Redskins, but I'm a fan of the Washington Redskins.
Sure! Scream is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, Jamie Kennedy also starred in the movie. Do you like him?
You're welcome.
You are welcome.
Yes, do you like the Matrix because it is a Sci-Fi movie or because it is a Sci-Fi?
Andy Wachowski starred in V for Vendetta. Do you like him?
V for Vendetta is a Thriller.
Sure! Cornelia Funke also wrote an old book called Cornelia Funke.
Anthea Bell also wrote Tintenherz: A Memoir of the World.
Cinderella is a Speculative fiction novel.
Sure! King Kong is a Thriller and a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Naomi Watts also starred in Zookeeper. Have you seen that one?
The Painted Veil was written by Ron Nyswaner.
You're welcome!
Gary Chapman starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen any of those?
The Five Love Languages: How to Express Heartfelt Commitment to Your Mate is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Tori Amos also starred in The Five Love Languages: How to Express Heartfelt Commitment to Your Mate.
He is a singer, songwriter, and a musician. He also starred in The Five Love Languages: How to Express Heartfelt Commitment to Your Mate
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he is a great actor. Do you like him?
Yes, he also wrote It's a Wonderful Life
Yes, he produced it too.
She has starred in Un di Velt Hot Geshvign and Un di Velt Hot Geshvign
Un di Velt Hot Geshvign is written in English
Un di Velt Hot Geshvign is written in English
yes i do
yes it is
Yes, it is a crime drama. Do you like that genre?
American Hustle is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The author is Jennifer Lawrence. She also wrote The Girl with a Dragon Tattoo.
Woody Herman wrote The Girl with a Dragon Tattoo. Have you read it?
You're welcome.
I'm a fan of the Washington Redskins, but I don't know much about them. Do you like them?
Yes, he is a great coach. Do you like the Raiders?
I like tennis, but I don't know much about tennis, but I do know he is a former coach for the Oakland Raiders.
Sure, if you like comedy movies, you might like The Hunger Games. It's a comedy.
Sure! Easy was written by Tammara Webber and released in 2012. Do you like Tammara Webber?
It is written by Tammara Webber. She also wrote Where You Are.
Sure, Tammara Webber wrote Where You Are and Where You Are.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome!
Steven Soderbergh directed a lot of great films. He also directed X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen that?
I'm not sure who stars in it, but he also directed The Good German. Have you seen it?
He's been in a number of films. He also starred in The Good German and The Good German Girl.
You're welcome!
Sure! Alan Moore starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen any of those?
V for Vendetta was released in 2010.
You are welcome.
Richard J. Dunn wrote Wuthering Heights and Wuthering Heights.
Wuthering Heights is a novel written by Richard Dunn. It's considered a Gothic fiction.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, The Eye of the World is written by Stephen King and is a Speculative fiction novel.
Sure! Simone Elkeles wrote The Secret History of a Young Girl. Have you read that one?
Rules of Attraction was released in 2011 and is a fantasy novel.
Sure. Simone Elkeles wrote Rules of Attraction and Return to Paradise. Have you read either?
You're welcome!
Spirit Bound is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like speculative fiction?
The Twilight series is written by J.R.R. Tolkien.
Vampire Academy is a Speculative fiction novel.
You're welcome
Charles Dickens wrote a number of books. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, Leo wrote The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club, Christmas Carol.
Yes, he wrote The Posthumous Papers of Pickwick Club and Great Expectations.
Yes, Gnghis Khan also wrote The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club. Have you read that?
You're welcome.
Yes, he directed a lot of great films. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Yes, he was the executive producer in the Longest Yard. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure who else is in Happy Gilmore, but I do know that Jack And Jill also wrote Happy Gilmore.
Yes, he wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. Have you read any of these?
Yes, he also wrote Where to Find Them. Have you seen it?
The Tales of Beedle the Bard is considered children's literature.
Sure! Newt Scamander wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. Have you read any of these?
Fantastic Beasts is written by JK Rowlings and is a Speculative fiction.
Yes. It's a fantasy book.
Michael O'Neill starred in a number of movies. Is there a particular genre you are interested in?
Traffic and Seabiscuit is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I like crime dramas. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Andrés Iniesta is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for the Spain national football team.
I know a little bit about him, he plays for the Spain national football team.
You're welcome!
Do you like the Hangover Part II because it is a sci-fi or a sci-fi?
The Hangover Part II was released in 2005.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was a great movie. Do you like it because it's a romantic comedy?
Midnight in Paris is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Yes, I like murder mystery. Do you like murder mystery?
Yes, I would recommend Shutter Island if you like murder mystery.
Mansfield Park is a Speculative fiction book. Do you like Speculative fiction?
Persuasion was written by J.R.R Tolkien.
Persuasion was released in 2004.
Yes, Horrible Bosses is written by Horrible Bosses. It is a speculative fiction novel.
Yes, Lindsay Sloane starred in Horrible Bosses.
Kevin Spacey also starred in The Accidental Husband and Kevin Spacey.
I think he is a great tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I'm not a huge tennis fan but I do know Stan Wawrinka is a tennis player from Switzerland.
Yes, Stan Wawrinka is a tennis player from Switzerland. He is a professional tennis player from Switzerland.
Sure! Cornelia Funke wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you read that one?
She also wrote Inkheart. Have you read that one?
She wrote The Giving Tree and A Light In The Attic. Have you read either of those?
Sure! Gary Paulsen wrote Into the Wild. Have you heard of that one?
The River is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
The River is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You're welcome!
Sure, Shawn Levy directed The Hunger Games. Have you seen that one?
It stars Evangeline Lilly. It's a Thriller.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The Untouchables is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
Have you seen The Untouchables? It was directed by Brian DePalma.
I hope you enjoy it!
I like Crime Fiction movies. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't know much about him, but I know he plays for Manchester United F.C.
Yes, he plays for the England national football team.
Sure! Do you like Alice Walker because it's a romance novel?
Benjamin Franklin has written a number of books. Some of them are The Hunger Games and The Hunger Games. Have you read any of these?
You're welcome.
I don't know much about him, but I know he plays for the Germany national football team.
No I didn't know he was a player on the Argnetina national football team
Andreu Fontas and Bojan Krkic also play for the Barcelona National Football team.
Yes, he is a midfielder and plays for the Barcelona team.
Yes, it's a great book written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King?
The Wise Man's Fear is written by Patrick Rothfuss. Have you read it?
It's a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
You are welcome
Yes, it was written by Kiera Cass and released in 2013.
Kiera Cass also wrote The Siren. Have you seen it?
Kiera Cass also wrote that film. It was released in 2016.
The producer is Kiera Cass.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help with?
Sure! The Social Network is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
He also wrote The Social Network. Have you seen that one?
The Hummingbird Project was released in 2005.
You are welcome.
Yes, it's a great book written by J.R.R Tolkien.
It's a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it is a great book written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Do you like his work? It is also a comedy.
Yes, it is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a comedy?
Danny Aiello also starred in Zookeeper. Have you seen it?
Yes he did and he also starred in the movie The Godfather.
You're welcome!
Sure! Laura Hillenbrand wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you read that one?
Yes, she wrote World War II Stories, and also World War II Stories.
Yes, it is. Do you like the book because it is an old book?
You're welcome!
Aladdin is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Aladdin is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Lion King came out in 2012.
You're welcome!
Yes, he also wrote The Sun Also Rises. Have you read that one?
He also wrote A Farewell to Arms and For Whom the Bell Tolls.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information, but I do know The Old Man and the Sea was released in 1981.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a quarterback for the Denver Broncos.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a quarterback for the New England Patriots.
Yes, he is a great actor. Do you like him because he is a musician?
Isn't he a basketball player? I think he's a great player.
Yes, he is a writer and a director. Do you like his work?
White Oleander also starred Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
White Oleander has genre Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it was written by C.S. Lewis and released in 1961.
It was released in 1891.
The Weight of Glory is a great book by Lewis. It was released in 1960.
Ok, I will do that.
Yes, Sharlto Copley is a writer and a writer. Do you like her work?
Yes, they are a professional basketball team based in New York City. Do you like them?
No, I have not. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The Hornets is a pretty good team but I haven't been to a playoff game so I haven't been to the playoffs.
Yes, John Berendt wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you read it?
Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil was released in 2010.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
I'm not sure who directed it, but I do know it was directed by Alaska.
Yes, he also wrote a mini-series on Hulu. Have you seen that one?
Yes he did, he also wrote Will Grayson. Have you read that one?
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him, but I do know he plays for the Germany national football team.
Yes, he plays for the Germany national football team. Do you like him?
I don't know much about him, but I think he's a great player. I think he's from Germany.
Yes, he is a great forward player. I think he's a great player.
Gore Verbinski directed a number of films. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Well, if you like westerns, he also directed X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
You're welcome.
The Prestige is written by J.R.R Tolkien. Do you like his work?
The Prestige is a Thriller/Thriller.
Yes, The Prestige was written by Jonathan Nolan
I am not sure about Memento. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thomas Lennon also starred in The Prestige which is a drama film
You are welcome
Sure! L. Frank Baum wrote The Last Stand and The Last Stand. Have you read either of those?
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
Yes, Voyager is a great children's literature. Do you like children's literature?
Yes, Diana Gabaldon also wrote The Sea of Trolls and The Sea of Trolls.
I'm not sure if she's written any romance novels, but she also wrote Speculative fiction and Speculative fiction
You're welcome
Winslet is the latest movie in the X-Men series.
The Holiday was released in 2005.
The Pillars of the Earth is a comedy-drama film.
The Holiday is a thriller and stars Sarah Parish. Have you seen it?
Yes she did and she also starred in The Holiday which is a comedy-drama film.
Yes, WALLE is a Speculative fiction novel written by J.R.R Tolkien
I would recommend X-Men 2 or X-Men 2. Both are great Sci-Fi movies.
The X-Men X-Men X-Men X-Men X-Men X-Men X-Men X-Men X-Men X-Men X-Men X-Men X-Men X-Men X-Men X-Men X-Men X-Men X-Men X-Men X-Men X-Men X
Yes, it's a great movie. It's also a Sci-Fi movie.
I'm not sure who stars in that movie. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that it was released in 2006.
Just Listen was written by J.R.R Tolkien and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure, Will Grayson is written by Sarah Dessen and is a young adult fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Sure, it's a great book written by Sarah Dessen. It's part of a series. Do you like speculative fiction?
Sure! Katherine Paterson wrote The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby. Have you read either of those?
Yes, The Great Gilly Hopkins is a children's book. It's a children's book.
The Witch of Blackbird Pond was written by Katherine Paterson. It's a young-adult fiction novel.
Yes, I have seen Ocean's Twelve. Do you like it because it's a Thriller?
George Nolfi starred in Ocean's Twelve. Do you like him?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I think he is a great player. He plays for the Poland national football team. Do you like him?
I don't know much about soccer, but I do know he plays for the Germany national football team. Do you like football?
That's a great team. I'm a huge fan of the Bayern Munich fan.
Paul Sorvino is an American professional footballer who plays for Manchester United F.C.
Yes, Jack Thorne is a writer and a screenwriter. Do you like his work?
It is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
Yes, he is. He also starred in the movie The Cursed Child.
Sure, I can do that.
Sure! Lisa See wrote The Secret Life of Pi. Have you read that one?
China Dolls was released in 2005.
It was released in 2014 and is about Chinese Dolls. It's about a young girl who is a young woman who lives in China.
You're welcome!
Sure! Do you like Pulp Fiction because it's a thriller or because it's a drama?
Grindhouse was directed by Rob Zombie. Do you like him?
Sure, Django is a Thriller directed by Roberto Orci.
Sure! It was written by Stieg Larsson and released in 2006.
Sure, Syeig Larsson also wrote The Last Man, which was released in 2006.
Sure, The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo was released in 2006 and is a fantasy novel.
You're welcome!
You're welcome.
Yes, he is a writer and a director. Do you like him because he is an actor?
Wicked is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Yes, Ken Kesey also wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest.
Yes, Ken Kesey also wrote Magic Trip. Have you read that one?
I hope you enjoy it!
I think he is a great basketball player. Do you like basketball?
He's a great point guard. He's also a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks.
That's a great movie. I think he's a great actor. I think he's a great actor.
Yes, he did. He was also a writer and a director.
Yes, he is a writer and a director. He starred in many movies. Do you like him?
Yes, Vin Diesel starred in The Boy Next Door and The Boy Next Door. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, he also starred in A Man Apart. Have you seen A Man Apart?
You're welcome.
Of course, he also wrote A Confederacy of Dunces. Have you read either of those?
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in a lot of movies. He was also a director and a director. Do you like him?
Yes he did and he also starred in What Lies Beneath
Yes, its a great movie. It is a great movie.
I'm a huge fan of the Giants. Do you like the Giants?
I'm not a huge fan of the Giants, but I do know Eli Manning is a quarterback for the New York Giants.
I like action thrillers, but I'm not sure if I'm a fan of action movies.
The Paris Wife is written by Paula McLain and released in 2011. Do you like fiction?
Yes, Circling the Sun is written by Paula McLain.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like it because it is a Sci-Fi movie or because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Eraserhead is written by David Lynch. what else can i do for you today?
Eraserhead has genre Thriller. what else can i do for you today?
anything else i can do for you?
Yes, he directed a lot of great films. He also directed X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
Yes, Josh Boone starred in The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen it?
The Fault in Our Stars has a genre of Thriller.
You're welcome!
Do you like Hotel Rwanda because it is a Thriller or Drama?
I'm not sure who wrote Long Walk to Freedom. Do you like War movies?
We Were Soldiers was written by Tony Kgoroge and is a war film.
Great, I hope you enjoy it.
Sure, Tammara Webber wrote Where You Are and Where You Are. Have you read either of those?
Where You Are was released in 2005.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
Yes, The Phantom Tollbooth was written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King?
Sure, Peter Cushing starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen any of those?
He starred in Twins of Evil and Torture Garden. Would you like to know more about him?
The Revenge of Frankenstein was written by J.R.R Tolkien.
You're welcome!
Yes, Peter Gallagher starred in a lot of great films. He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen it?
The O.C. is starring Robert De Niro and Robert De Niro.
Collateral Damage was written by Richie Richie Rich. He was also in the television series Collateral Damage.
You're welcome!
Yes, he starred in a lot of movies. He is a director and a director.
Yes, The Running Man is an action film
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
You're welcome
Hush Hush is an American professional Hush fan. He is a writer and a politician.
Becca Fitzpatrick also wrote Sense and Sensibility. Have you read any of those?
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
The Glass Castle was written by Jeannette Walls and released in 2005.
The Glass Castle was written by Jeannette Walls and released in 2005
Sure, The Silver Star is written by Jeannette Walls
You're welcome
Yes, John Carpenter directed The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he did. It's a Thriller. Have you seen it?
Yes, he also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
Sure! Rhonda Byrne wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you read that one?
Yes she wrote The Secret which was also turned into a film. Have you seen it?
He wrote The Secret which is a fiction book.
Yes, John Ratzenberger has starred in a number of movies. He also starred in the movie X-Men 2. Have you seen that one?
Sure! Your Friend the Rat was written by John Rat. It was released in 2001 and is a drama.
Yes, it is a cartoon. Do you like cartoons?
You're welcome!
Yes, it's a great book written by J.R.R Tolkien. Do you like that author?
Yes, there is a lot of good ones like Where the Wild Things Are. It's a great family friendly movie.
You're welcome!
Yes, it's a great movie. Do you like it because it's a comedy?
That's a great book. Did you know she also wrote Love Anthony? She was also a writer.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
That's a great book. I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Mark Haddon starred in a number of movies. He was also a director and a director. Do you like him?
Yes, the red house was adapted into a film.
Yes he did and he also produced The Red House. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a writer and a director. Are you interested in his work?
Kevin James also starred in Grandma's Boy.
Yes, it's a comedy. Do you like comedy movies?
Sure! Once Upon a Time in America is written by James Patterson. Do you like James Patterson?
If you like historical period dramas, you might like The Last Man or The Last Man.
Then you might enjoy Gone Girl. Gone Girl is starring Xander Berkeley.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a writer and a writer. Are you interested in his work?
The Order was released in 2005.
I'm not sure who else starred in that movie.
You're welcome
Sure! The Blind Side is a Thriller and a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he also starred in X-Men Origins: Apocalyptic.
Moneyball is written by Michael Lewis and John Lee Hancock. It's a drama film.
Sure! City of ahes is a Speculative fiction novel written by J.R.R Tolkien. Do you like Speculative fiction?
Have you read City of Ashes? It is written by Cassandra Clare.
Sure, Clockwork Angel is written by Cassandra Clare and was released in 1891.
You're welcome!
Yes, he directed a lot of great films. Have you seen any of those?
Yes he did and he also directed Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
It is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
You're welcome!
Yes, Mere Christianity is a novel written by J.R.R Tolkien.
C.S. Lewis also wrote a book called Speculative fiction. Have you read it?
You're welcome.
I think he's a great artist. I think he's a great artist. I think he's a great artist. Do you like him?
I don't know much about Liverpool, but I do know he was born in Liverpool. Do you like Liverpool?
Yes, he is a great player in Liverpool. Did you know he was born in Liverpool?
I like Paul McCartney. I think he's a Beatles fan. I think he's a great artist. I think he's from Liverpool.
Laurie Halse Anderson is an American professional tennis player. Do you like her work?
Wintergirls is a romance novel written by Laurie Halse Anderson. It was released in 1891.
Yes, I will.
Yes, Rihanna is a great singer and songwriter. Are you a fan of her music?
Did you know she won the Pulitzer Prize for Best Rap Song?
Battleship is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Marc Forester starred in a number of movies. He also starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen those?
Marc Forester starred in a number of movies. He also starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
Finding Neverland is a Thriller and a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Yes, Mockingjay is written by George R.R.R.R. Tolkien and is a Speculative fiction novel.
Have you heard of Xenocide? It is a Young-adult fiction novel.
Yes, she also wrote Gregor the Overlander.
Yes, he is a writer and a musician. Do you like him?
Yes, John Daton also directed Little Miss Sunshine. Have you seen that one?
Yes, John Daton also starred in Little Miss Sunshine. Have you seen it?
She's a great actress. She also starred in Little Miss Sunshine. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
Yes, A Walk to Remember is written by George R.R.R. Tolkien and is a Speculative fiction novel.
Yes, he also wrote A Walk to Remember. Have you read it?
Yes, True Believer was adapted into a Drama. Do you like dramas?
Yes, I would recommend Two By Two, or Two By Two. Both are good crime fiction stories.
The Matrix Revolution was produced by J.R.R Tolkien.
Yes, Keanu Reeves starred in The Matrix Revolution and The Matrix Reloaded.
He was also in The Matrix Revolution and The Matrix Revolutions.
Yes, he was in The Matrix Revolution and The Matrix Revolutions.
Keanu Reeves directed Mystic River and he also directed The Matrix Revolutions.
You're welcome
Yes, I do. He directed The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
Did you know he directed The Expendables 2?
I don't have any more recent movies but I do know he directed The Expendables 2 which is a thriller
You're welcome
I hope you enjoy it
Yes he wrote The Light Between Oceans and The Light Between Oceans.
No I haven't, but I do know that it was released in 2012.
Yes, he also directed The Last Stand which is a great movie.
You're welcome!
Yes, Daphne du Maurier starred in a number of movies. Have you seen any of those?
My Cousin Rachel is a romance novel written by Daphne du Maurier
I am not sure when it came out, but I do know it was written by Daphne du Maurier.
You are welcome.
I'm a fan of the Green Bay Packers, but I don't know much about them. Do you like them?
I'm not really a fan of the Steelers, but I do like the Steelers. Do you like the Steelers?
I'm a fan of the Pittsburgh Steelers, but I don't know who he plays.
I'm not a huge fan of the Steelers, but I think he's a good coach.
I think they will make it to the Sueprbowl this year
Yes, I am a fan of Justin Timberlake. Do you like him because he is a singer?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure who else starred in it, but I do know he was also a musician and a musician.
Yes, she is a great singer and songwriter. Do you like her music?
Yes, I have watched American Idol. Do you like it because it is a comedy?
Yes, Tyra Banks also starred in Tyra Banks, have you seen it?
I'm not sure about that, but I think it was a good movie. Do you like it?
Yes, do you like Joseph Sikora because he starred in the movie or because it is a comedy?
The Watcher is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he did. He also starred in Shutter Island. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
Do you like her work because it's a romance or because it's a drama?
Some of her other poetry examples are The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby. Have you read any of these?
You're welcome!
Station Eleven was written by St. John Mandel and released in 2014.
Yes, Toni Morrison is an American author born in New York, United States. He also wrote The Great Gatsby.
The Bluest Eye is a fiction novel.
Xenocide is a good fiction novel
It was written by J.R.R Tolkien
You're welcome
Do you like Downfall because it's a drama or because it is a drama?
I'm not sure who starred in that movie.
You're welcome!
Sure, he directed a lot of great films. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he also starred in The Walt Disney Company. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure who wrote Toy story 3 but I do know he also wrote Toy Story 3.
Sure! The Great Gatsby is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like Speculative fiction?
The Crucible is a Speculative fiction book. Do you like Speculative fiction?
The Crucible is also written by Harald Kloser and Roland Emmerich.
You're welcome!
He's a great actor. He starred in a lot of movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I'm not sure when it was released, but it's a Romantic Comedy.
Yes, I can. It's a great movie.
I haven't seen In Bruges, but I know it was written by Stephen King. Do you like him?
Martin McDonagh also starred in In Bruges.
Yes he did and he also starred in Wrath of the Titans.
You're welcome!
Sure! Chris Weitz starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen those?
Chris Weitz also directed a movie called Xenocide. Have you seen it?
No, I haven't seen that one. Is it a drama?
Yes, he directed a lot of great films. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Yes, The Nightingale is a great book written by J.R.R Tolkien.
Yes, Kristin Hannah wrote The Nightingale, which is a fiction novel.
Sure, Summer Island is written by Kristin Hannah and is classified as a Children's Literature.
I think he's a tennis player, but I don't know much about him.
I like him in The Expendables 2 because he is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
You're welcome!
Yes, it's a great book written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King?
Yes he is a great actor. Do you like Crime Fiction?
How the Grinch Stole Christmas was written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King?
Yes, The Lorax and The Cat in the Hat were both written by Theodore Lesieg.
The Sneetches and Other Stories were also written by Theodore Lesieg.
You're welcome!
Yes, it's a drama. Do you like that genre?
Yes she did. She also starred in The Longest Ride.
Tiago Riani also starred in The Longest Ride. Do you like Tiago Riani?
Yes, it's a Romance film.
Yes, Faster is a romantic drama and Men of Honor is directed by George Tillman.
You're welcome.
I'm not a fan of the Lakers, but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he was born in Los Angeles. Do you like him?
That's a good game. I think Lakers will win the Lakers. They have a good season this year.
She wrote рат арамаов.
Eeccbl wrote рат рат араов.
You're welcome!
The Notebook is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like Speculative fiction?
The Notebook is a great romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, it was written by J.R.R. Tolkien and is a romance novel.
You're welcome!
I'm a fan of the Washington Redskins, but I don't know much about them. Do you like them?
I like Pete Rozelle. He's a great player. I think he's a great player.
Yes he was a brain tumor. I think he was a great player.
Yes, he wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you read that one?
Yes, she also wrote What Alice Forgot. Have you read that one?
You're welcome!
Sure! The Cuckoo's Calling was written by J.K. Rowling.
She also wrote The Cuckoo's Calling. Have you read it?
The Silkworm is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a great actor. Do you like him because he starred in a lot of movies?
Yes, he did. He was also in the movie X-Men 2.
Yes, he is a great actor. He was also in the movie X-Men Origins.
The Little House on the Prairie is a Speculative fiction book. Do you like Speculative fiction?
The Little House on the Prairie is a book similar to Little House on the Prairie.
Sure do you like books written by Stephen King
Yes, she's a great tennis player. Do you like her sister Serena?
I did not know Serena Williams starred in the Hair Show. Did you know that Serena Williams also starred in the movie?
I did not know that. Butunde Price is also a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Yes, The Lost Symbol is one of the best sellers list.
Tom Hanks also produced The Lost Symbol. Have you seen it?
Yes he did. He also wrote The Da Vinci Code and The Inferno.
The Da Vinci Code and The Inferno are both Thrillers.
I don't know if there is a specific genre, but if you like suspense, you should check out The Da Vinci Code and The Inferno.
You're welcome
Yes, X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a great sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
Yes, X-Men Origins:Wolverine is a sci-fi thriller.
Yes, you might like the X-Men Origins: Apocalypse, or X-Men Origins:Wolverine.
Yes, he also starred in Iron Man 2. Have you seen that one?
Tim Dolin wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
It's a speculative fiction novel.
He wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
Yes, Rick Yancey wrote The Last Man and The Last Man. Have you read either of those?
Sutton has written a number of books. The most recent one being The Assassination of Dr. Seuss.
You're welcome
Yes, it's a great movie. It's a great movie. Do you like it?
Yes, he also starred in The Ten. Have you seen it?
He was also in The Dark Knight Rises. Have you seen it?
Gone with the Wind is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Gone with the Wind is a great historical fiction movie. Do you like that genre?
Yes, The Untouchables is a great historical fiction movie. The New World is starring Tom Hanks.
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. Did you know that it was written by John Scalzi?
He also wrote The Last Song. Have you read it?
Yes, he wrote Every Breath, have you read it?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are a Kpop band. Do you like them?
Sure! Cornelia Funke wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you read that one?
She also wrote Inkheart. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Do you like the Hangover Part II because it is a thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Its a Thriller and a Thriller. Do you like Thriller?
You're welcome
He wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. Have you read any of these?
It's a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
You're welcome!
I know he is a cricket player from India. Do you like cricket?
I don't know much about soccer, but I do know he plays Cricket in India.
He is a cricket player from India. He was born in Mumbai. He also starred in a movie called Cricket. Have you seen it?
Sure! Tracy Chevalier wrote The Last Man and The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you read either of those?
The Last Runaway was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
The BFG is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like Speculative fiction?
Yes, Going Solo is a children's literature. Do you like children's literature?
Yes, he wrote Going Solo which is a children's book.
You're welcome!
Yes, they are a football team. Do you like football?
Yes, I do. He wrote The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby.
Sure! Dawn of the Planet of the Apes was written by J.R.R Tolkien. Do you like Sci-Fi?
Stan Lee also wrote The Incredible Hulk.
Sure, Stan Lee also starred in Iron Man 3 and The Incredible Hulk
You're welcome
Sure! Howls Moving Castle is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
Jon Favreau is known for starring in Zookeeper. Have you seen that movie?
Sure! Joe Johnston directed The Incredible Hulk and The Incredible Hulk. Have you seen either of those?
He also directed The Last Man. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he is. He also starred in X-Men 2. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
Sure, Gillian Flynn and Gillian Flynn are both great books.
Gone Girl is a suspense novel by Gillian Flynnn. Do you like suspense books?
Yes, Gone Girl was adapted into a movie. Do you like suspense books?
I'm not sure when it was released.
Yes, he is a great author. He wrote a lot of great books. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Cold Blood is a drama and crime fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Sure, do you like Transformers because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
It's a sci-fi thriller. Do you like sci-fi?
I'm not sure who directed it, but I do know it was directed by J.K. Rowling.
You are welcome.
Sure! Mark Cotta Vaz wrote New Moon: The Complete illustrated Movie companion. Have you read that one?
Yes, the Twilight series is a series, have you read it?
She also wrote The Twilight series, have you heard of that one?
You're welcome!
Sure, he directed a lot of great films. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Seven Psychopaths is a Thriller and Thriller. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome
Yes, Where the Heart Is is written by James Patterson. Do you like James Patterson?
Gap Creek is a Speculative fiction novel written by Stephen King. It is a speculative fiction novel.
You're welcome!
You're welcome.
He is a golfer from Murrieta. Do you like golf?
I don't know much about golf, but I do know he is from Murrieta, but I think he is a great golfer.
That's a great movie! She also starred in a movie called A Bug's Life.
Sure, Connie Nielsen starred in a number of movies. She also starred in Zookeeper. Have you seen that?
I'm not sure who else starred in The Ice Harvest.
It's a romantic comedy.
The 5th Wave is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
The movie was released in 2016 and was directed by Rick Yancey.
The Last Star is a great sci-fi book. Do you like sci-fi?
The Last Star is a mystery book written by Rick Yancey and released in 2013.
You're welcome!
Yes, she's a great singer. Did you know she was influenced by Taylor Swift?
Did you know she was in the movie Valentine's Day? She also starred in that movie.
Yes, she was hilarious in Valentine's Day. Did you know she was also a singer and a musician?
Yes, he is a great actor. Do you like him because he's a director?
No, I haven't seen Wolverine. Is it a sci-fi movie?
He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like him because he is a singer/songwriter?
I like Selena Gomez because she is a singer and a singer.
Yes he is a very talented young man
Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Nolan Gerard Funk starred in it as well.
Nolan Gerard Funk also starred in Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith
Do you like it because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Grown Up was directed by Stephen King
Yes he did and it was released in 2013.
You're welcome
Victor Hugo is an American professional footballer who plays for the Germany national football team. Do you like football?
The Hunchback of Notre-Dame was released in 1926.
Yes, it was. It was released in 1817.
It is a great book. It was released in 1817.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is an American professional basketball player who plays point guard position. Do you like basketball?
Yes, I do like Sia Furler's music. Did you know she also starred in a movie called Xenocide?
I don't know a whole lot but I do know he is a composer and a musician. Do you like his music?
I'm not sure about Coldplay, but I do know he's a composer and a musician.
Sure! Anthony Hopkins starred in a number of movies. He also starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
Peter and Paul has a genre of Thriller and Drama. Do you like those genres?
Yes, Peter and Paul also starred in a couple of great actors. He also starred in a movie called Robert De Niro.
You're welcome!
I'm a fan of the Tennessee Titans. I'm a fan of the Tennessee Titans. Do you like them?
I'm not a huge fan of the Tennessee Titans, but I think they're doing well this season.
That's a great team, I think they're doing well this year. Do you like them?
Yes, he plays for the New England Patriots. Are you a fan of him?
That's a great team. I'm a fan of the Denver Nuggets.
That's a great movie. You should check it out. It's a great movie.
The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet Prince of Denmark was written by William Shakespeare.
The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet was released in 1922
You're welcome
Yes, she is a tennis player. She is a tennis player.
Yes, Serena is a great tennis player. Do you like Serena?
Yes, she lost a couple of matches. She is a great tennis player.
I'm a fan of the Baltimore Ravens, but I don't know much about them.
I'm not sure if he used to be with the Detroit Lions, but I do know he is a coach for the New England Patriots.
I'm not sure about that, but I do know they were the runner ups in Super Bowl XXXXXVIII.
Yes, he is a great author. I think he's a great author.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was released in 2010.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was released in 1886.
Have you heard of X-Men Origins: Wolverine?
Twilight Eyes has a genre of Thriller. It also has genre Thriller.
Sure! Slim MacKenzie also starred in the movie The Long Walk. Have you seen it?
Yes, there was a movie called Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.
Chris Columbus directed Where the Wild Things Are. It was written by J.K Rowling.
He wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
Who Moved My Cheese is written by Kenneth H. Blanchard. He also wrote Who Moved My Cheese.
You Can Win was released in 1998. It is a speculative fiction novel.
You're welcome!
Sure! The Fountainhead was written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
Yes, she also wrote We the Living. Have you heard of The Fountainhead?
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like the book because it was written by David J. Skal or because it is a thriller?
Bram Stoker wrote the book in the time period of time. Have you read that?
The Girl Next Door was written by Roberto Orci. Do you like horror books?
The Girl Next Door is a horror book written by Bram Stoker and is a horror book.
Sure! Frances Mayes wrote A Confederacy of Dunces. Have you read that one?
Under the Tuscan Sun is a romance novel. It was released in 1818.
You're welcome!
Do you like to kill a mockingbird because it is a fantasy?
Yes he wrote Go Set a Watchman
You're welcome
Harper Lee also wrote Go Set a Watchman
Yes, it is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a comedy?
No, I haven't seen it, but I think it is a great movie.
That's a great movie he was in. He also starred in The Godfather. Have you seen that one?
He also starred in The Godfather: Part II. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure who else starred in Vampyres, but he also starred in Vampyres.
You're welcome
Sure, Seamus Heaney wrote The Crucible. Have you read that one?
Beowulf is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
It is written in English and is a fantasy.
Yes, he starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen those?
Yes, he starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen it?
Lionheart is starring Tom Hanks. It's a crime fiction film.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information, but I do know she also starred in a movie called Xenocide.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information, but I do know he also starred in a movie called Harrison Page.
You're welcome!
Sure! Martin McDonagh directed a number of great films such as X-Men Origins: Apocalypse Now. Have you seen it?
Seven Psychopaths, In Bruges, and Seven Psychopaths, In Bruges, and Seven Psychopaths. Have you seen any of these?
Seven Psychopaths is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I think he is a great basketball player. I think he is a great player. Do you like basketball?
I'm not a huge basketball fan but I do know he's a point guard for the Houston Rockets.
Yes, he's a great shooting guard for Houston Rockets. He's a point guard for the Houston Rockets. Do you like him?
Sure! The Wise Man's Fear is written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
Sure! Do you like Alien because it is a sci-fi movie or because it is a sci-fi movie?
Yes, he produced it. It is a Sci-Fi film.
Yes, he also produced The Hunger Games and The Hunger Games. Have you seen those?
You're welcome!
The Rosie Project was written by Graeme Simsion and was released in 2013.
Yes, Graeme Simsion also wrote The Rosie Project. Have you read it?
Yes, We Are Called to Rise was released in 2014.
Sure, Antoine Fuqua wrote The Matrix Revisited and The Matrix Revolutions.
I'm not sure who else starred in Olympus Has Fallen.
Danny Lerner also produced A Bug's Life which is a great action film.
War, Inc. is written by John Cusack.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he's a singer and a musician.
That's a great movie. Did you know Justin Timberlake also starred in X-Men 2?
Yes, he is friends with Will Smith. Do you like Will Smith because he is a celebrity?
The Catcher in the Rye is written by J.R.R.R. Tolkien. Do you like his books?
To Kill a Mockingbird was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald.
Harper Lee also wrote To Kill a Mockingbird. Have you read that one?
You're welcome!
Yes, Clockwork Angel was written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King?
Yes, The Shadowhunter's Codex was written by Cassandra Clare.
You're welcome!
I'm a fan of the Yankees. I'm a fan of the Yankees. Do you like the Yankees?
That's right, he also owns the New York Yankees. Do you like baseball?
I don't know if they have a heart attack, but if they have a heart attack, a heart attack is also a cause of heart attack.
Yes Michael Jackson and Brittany Murphy both died in a heart attack.
Yes, he is a musician and he is a musician.
I don't know much about her, but I know she plays for the Mumbai Indians.
Did you know Saina Nehwal is a tennis player?
Did you know Saina Nehwal was born in Wembley Stadium?
Last Sacrifice is a great movie. Do you like it because it is a Thriller?
Yes, The Amazing Spider-Man is written by John Scalzi and is a Speculative fiction novel.
He wrote The Amazing Spider-Man and The Amazing Spider-Man. Have you seen either?
Yes, he also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Gillian Flynn wrote The Last Man and The Last Man. Have you read either of those?
Sharp Objects is a fiction novel.
Gillian Flynnn wrote the suspense book Sharp Objects.
You are welcome
Yes, he wrote The Fugitive. Have you read that one?
Well, if you like Psychological Thrillers, you might also like the Psychological Thrillers, or Psychological Thrillers.
I'm not sure when it was released, but I do know there is a film adaptation of Heretics of Dune.
You're welcome!
Yes, do you like Madagascar because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Then you might like Zoolander. It's a great family comedy.
You're welcome!
Yes, The Eye of the World is written by J.R.R Tolkien.
Do you like it because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Little Miss Sunshine is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure! Serving Sara is a young-adult fiction film released in 2005. It's a Thriller/Adventure film.
You're welcome!
Yes, I love Water for Elephants written by J.R.R Tolkien. Do you like him?
No, I haven't read it, but I think it is a great book.
No, I haven't heard of Ape House. Is Ape House a fantasy novel?
I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome
You're welcome
Beautiful Disaster is written by Jamie McGuire and released in 2011.
Sure! Jamie McGuire wrote Beautiful Disaster, which was released in 2011.
You're welcome!
Pulp Fiction was directed by Roberto Orci. Do you like him?
John Travolta also starred in Zookeeper. Have you seen that one?
She starred in The Hunger Games: Catching Fire and Self/less. Have you seen either?
Sandra Ellis Lafferty also starred in Walk the Line.
She was also in Walk the Line. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he wrote The Crucible and The Crucible. Have you read either of those?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are a sports team. Do you like them?
I'm not a fan of the Nets, but I'm a fan of the Nets. I'm a fan of the Nets.
I'm a fan of Lakers. I'm a fan of the Lakers. I'm a fan of the Lakers.
Sure! Jake Gyllenhaal starred in a number of films. He also wrote The Last Man and The Last Man. Have you seen any of those?
Zodiac was released in 2001.
I'm not sure who else starred in that movie, but I do know it was produced by Jake Gyllenhaal.
Yes, he also starred in a movie called X-Men Origins.
Norton Juster wrote The Phantom Tollbooth. Have you read it?
Norton Juster also wrote a book called The Last Man. Have you read it?
Yes, The Looking Glass Wars is part of the series.
The Looking Glass Wars was released in 1961.
Sure! Marion Zimmer Bradley is a writer and a screenwriter. She wrote The Last Man and The Last Man. Have you read either of those?
The Mists of Avalon is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
The author is Marion Zimmer Bradley. She also wrote The Looking Glass Wars.
You're welcome!
Yes, John Ratzenberger starred in a number of movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
That movie also starred Robert Downey Jr. and Robert Duvall.
It's a drama. Do you like drama?
You're welcome!
Sure,Jennifer Weiner wrote Into the Wild. Have you heard of that one?
The Next Best Thing is a comedy-drama.
You're welcome!
I haven't seen O Brother, Where Art Thou, but I do like it.
Yes, Joel Coen also wrote Where Art Thou. Have you seen that one?
Paris was released in 2005.
You're welcome!
Yes, he starred in Star Wars: Episode V - Apocalypse. Have you seen it?
Sure! Wally Lamb wrote the book Wally Lamb. Have you read the book?
I'm not sure when it was released, but I do know that Wally Lamb also wrote We Are Water.
Yes, Wicked Appetite was released in 2009.
Yes, Ken Kesey wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you read that one?
Ken Kesey also wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest. Have you read that one?
Yes, he was. He also starred in X-Men 2. Have you seen that one?
Sure, do you like him because he starred in the movie Leo Diprio?
Mark Wahlberg is a great actor. Do you like Mark Wahlberg because he starred in the movie?
Well, if you like Kate Winslet, you might like the movie Leo, he also starred in a movie called Leo, which is a romantic comedy.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Kate Winslet is friends with Mark Wahlberg
Yes, they both starred in Whalberg.
You're welcome.
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader was written by J.R.R Tolkien.
Yes, he also wrote The Dark Knight Rises which is also a Fantasy.
The Silver Chair is a Fantasy and The Wardrobe is a fantasy novel.
Yes, Neill Blomkamp directed a movie called Neill Blomkamp. Have you seen it?
Yes, it's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, she is. She also starred in the movie Shark Night.
You're welcome!
She's a singer, songwriter, and songwriter. Do you like her music?
I have a few of her songs. One of my favorite songs is Call Me Maybe. Have you heard the other one?
You are welcome!
Yes, he is a soccer player from Barcelona. Do you like soccer?
Javier Hernández also plays for the Mexico National Football team.
I am not sure where he is from. Is there anything else I can help with?
Sure, Bobby Farrelly directed The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen those?
I'm not sure if he's directed any comedies, but he also directed a comedy called The Hunger Games. Do you like comedies?
Jim Carrey also starred in Me, Myself & Irene, and Irene.
You're welcome!
I know he's a basketball player from Chicago. Do you like basketball?
He plays for the Minnesota Timberwolves. Do you like him?
Yes, he is a great basketball player. Do you like basketball?
Sure! Number the Stars is written by Nicholas Sparks and is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Lois Lowry wrote Number the Stars, which is a historical fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Sure! Quentin Blake wrote The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you read either of those?
Quentin Blake has written many fantasy books. Some of them are The Wizard's First Rule and The Wizard's First Rule. Have you read any of these?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I am not sure when it was released, but I do know that it is a fantasy book.
You're welcome!
Will Grayson is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like Speculative fiction?
The Fault in Our Stars is written by John Green. John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like the book because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
It's a Thriller.
You are welcome!
Sure, Aldous Huxley wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you read that one?
Yes, The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell was released in 1956.
The Last Battle was released in 1956.
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
He also wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes. Have you read this one?
He also wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
You're welcome!
You are welcome.
Sure! She starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, Robert Redford also starred in Sneakers. Have you seen it?
That's a great movie! Did you know Scarlett Johansen also starred in XXXXX?
Scoop has a genre of Action and Drama.
Sure, he wrote The Matrix Revisited and The Matrix Revolutions.
It's a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it was released in 2008
You're welcome!
Yes, she's a great singer. Did you know she was born in San Francisco?
I haven't seen her debut album, but I'm a fan of hers.
Yes, GOD is a Woman, REM is a great song. Have you heard it?
Sure! Robin Williams starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, it is a good comedy. Do you like it because it is a comedy?
Yes, Leslie Dixon also starred in that movie as well.
You're welcome!
Sure! The Bourne Identity is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
Yes, he also directed Fair Game.
Sure, you might like The Hunger Games or The Hunger Games. Both are great thrillers.
You're welcome!
Sure! Christopher Bigsby starred in a lot of movies. He also wrote The Last Man and The Last Man. Have you seen any of those?
Sure, The Crucible is written by Christopher Bigsby and is a Speculative fiction novel.
Then you might like The Hunger Games or The Hunger Games. Both are good tragedies.
The Fall of the House of Usher is written by Christopher Bigsby and released in 1996.
You're welcome
I think he's a great basketball player. Do you like basketball?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a basketball player from Seattle.
I don't know a lot about basketball, but I do know he plays for the Oklahoma City Thunder. Do you like basketball?
He plays for the Seattle Superonics. Do you like basketball?
Sure! Mary Harron directed The Matrix Revisited. Have you seen that one?
It is a Thriller
You're welcome
I don't know
The Lord of the Rings:The Fellowship of the Ring is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
Do you like Matrix because it is a science fiction book?
He also directed V for Vendetta. Have you seen it?
Yes, he is a writer and a director. Do you like him because he is a director?
Robert Schwentke starred in Allegiant. Do you like his movies?
It's a great action movie starring Naomi Watts.
He wrote The Light Between Oceans and The Light Between Oceans.
The Light Between Oceans is a fiction novel.
The Light Between Oceans was written by Roland Emmerich. It is a drama film.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a professional tennis player. Do you like him?
Andy Tennant starred in a number of movies. Is there anything else you would like to know about him?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information, but I do know he starred in the movie Sweet Home Alabama.
Yes he did, he also starred in the movie. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Sure, he starred in The Matrix Revisited and The Matrix Revolutions.
Sure, he wrote a book called Into the Woods.
You are welcome
Yes, he is a great actor. Did you know he also starred in a movie called X-Men 2.
Paul Schrader also wrote X-Men 2. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him, but I do know he plays for the Uruguay national football team.
I'm not sure if he is a midfielder, but he is a midfielder.
Yes he is a midfielder and a forward. Do you like him?
The New England Patriots is a professional football team based in New England. Do you like football?
Yes, it's a great book written by J.R.R. Tolkien.
Yes, it was the sixth book in the series. Do you like that genre?
That was the first book in the series. It was written by J.K Rowling.
Yes, O Brother, Where Art Thou is written by John Scalzi and is a Speculative fiction novel.
It is written by Joel Coen and is a speculative fiction novel.
It is written by Joel Coen and is a Thriller.
You're welcome!
Sure, A Streetcar Named Desire is written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King?
That's a great book by Tenessee Williams. It's a romance novel.
The Glass Menagerie is a novel written by Tenesse Williams. It's a fiction novel.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Hayao Miyazaki wrote The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
I'm not sure who starred in Ponyo, but I do know that Hayao Miyazaki starred in that movie.
Yes, Yûki Amami also starred in a fantasy called Yuria Nara.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a table tennis player from China. Do you like table tennis?
I am not sure about that, but I do know he was born in China.
I am not sure, but I do know that it was in 2004. Do you like table tennis?
I'm not a huge fan of the Giants, but I think they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XXXXVIII.
I'm a fan of the Giants but I don't know much about them. Do you like them?
I'm not a huge fan of the Texas Rangers, but I think they are a good team.
Yes, I am a fan of FC Bayern Munich. Are you a fan?
I'm not a fan of soccer but I do know that he is a coach for the Germany national football team.
I'm a fan of the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like the Dallas Cowboys?
Yes, it's a great children's book. Do you like children's literature?
Horse and His Boy is a great children's book. Do you like children's literature?
You're welcome!
Yes, I love her work. She also wrote The Last Days of Summer. Have you seen that one?
Did you know that Susannah Grant also starred in In Her Shoes?
Yes, she also wrote Girls Night In. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
She's a great writer! She's also a writer and a writer.
You're welcome!
Odd THomas is written by J.R.R Tolkien. Do you like his work?
Then you might like The Hunger Games or The Hunger Games. Have you read either of those?
I'm not sure who wrote Worth Dying for, but I do know it was released in 2012.
Yes, she wrote Sense and Sensibility. Have you read it?
Pride and Prejudice is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Sure! Jane Austen starred in the blockbuster film, Jane Austen. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Sure! Do you like Titanic because it is a Sci-Fi movie or because it is a Thriller?
Do you like romance films because it's a romance film?
Yes, Divergent was adapted from a book written by J.R.R Tolkien.
Sure. Divergent was written by Veronica Roth, and is a fantasy novel. Do you like that genre?
Did you like Anne Fletcher because it was a romance novel or because it was a thriller?
Did you know Sandra Bullock also starred in The Proposal?
The Proposal is a Thriller.
You're welcome
Sure! Agatha Christie starred in a number of films. She's also starred in a number of films. Have you seen any of those?
They Do it with Mirrors is a fiction novel.
They Do it with Mirrors is a mystery novel by Agatha Christie.
Yes, Helen McCrory is a great actress. She starred in a lot of movies. Have you seen any of those?
That is a great movie. Do you like it because it is a comedy?
Ralph Fiennes and Mirnanda Richardson both starred in the Harry Potter movies.
Yes, John Woo directed The Incredible Hulk and The Incredible Hulk. Have you seen either?
Red Cliff is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Have you seen War films? It is a war film.
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like Madagascar because it is a Sci-Fi movie or because it is a Thriller?
Yes, there is a different movie called Darnell. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Yes, he directed a lot of great films. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he directed The Worlds End, which is a science fiction film.
Yes, Shaun of the Dead is starring Kieran Culkin.
I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, he is a great basketball player. Do you like basketball?
Yes, he is a great basketball player. Do you like basketball?
The Lakers are called the Lakers and the Lakers.
A Grief Observed was written by C.S. Lewis and released in 1961.
He also wrote Sense and Sensibility. Have you read either of those?
You're welcome!
I think he's a great tennis player. Do you like him?
I don't know much about him, but he is a tennis player from London.
No, I didn't know that. Did you know he was born in London?
I'm not sure if he was a tennis player, but I do know he was born in London. Is he a tennis player?
Yes, he is a writer and a musician. Do you like his work?
Yes, he wrote Fast Food Nation. Have you heard of it?
It is considered children's literature. Do you like children's literature?
You're welcome!
Yes, he starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen any of those?
The Fast and the Furious is a great movie.
Yes, he is in both.
I'm not sure if he passed, but I do know he was also in the Fast and Furious movies
Sure! Peter Krause starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen any of those?
The Truman Show has genre Thriller. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a cricket player from India. Do you like cricket?
Sure, Fannie Flagg wrote The Last Man and The Last Man. Have you read either of those?
I Still Dream About You is written by Fannie Flagg and is a fiction novel.
I Still Dream About You is a psychological thriller that was released in 2010
You're welcome
Did you like Toy Story 3 because it's a Thriller or because it's a thriller?
Toy Story 3 is written by J.R.R Tolkien and was released in 2012.
Toy Story 3 is written by J.R.R. Tolkien and is a Speculative fiction novel
Sure, do you like Memento because it is a sci-fi film?
Then you might like The Incredible Hulk or The Incredible Hulk.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Yes, Jean M Auel is an author and a musician. Do you like his work?
The Valley of Horses was written by Jean M Auel. He also wrote "The Tales of Stone".
Yes, he wrote "Wide Sargasso Sea" and "We the Living".
You're welcome!
The Battle of the Labyrinth is written by Stephen King. Do you like him?
The Battle of the Labyrinth is a young-adult fiction written by Rick Riordan. The Battle of the Labyrinth is part of a series.
Yes he did. The Lost Hero is a fantasy novel.
I don't know much about him, but he is a midfielder for FC Bayern Munich II.
He's a midfielder for Germany, and plays for FC Bayern Munich II.
I don't know much about him, but I know he is a midfielder.
yes i am a fan of him. do you like him? i love him. do you like him?
yes he is. do you have a favorite team?
do you have any other questions about the Titans?
Sure! Sara Shepard wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you read it?
Yes, she wrote Pretty Little Liars which is also a teen drama on television
You're welcome
Yes, it is a great book written by Stephen King. Do you like him?
Yes, he also starred in The Family Man. Have you seen it?
Yes she was in Under the Tuscan Sun. Have you seen that one?
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
The Grapes of Wrath is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like Speculative fiction?
It's a fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
The Secret River is a Historical fiction novel written by Stephen King. It is also a novel.
She's a great actress. She was born in Chelsea. She also starred in a movie called The Matrix.
That's right. I'm not a fan of football, but I do know that he's from London.
I'm not sure but I know Kepa is a football player from London. Do you like football?
I'm not sure if they play in London, but they are in the Premier League and they play in England.
I'm a fan of the Seattle Seahawks, but I'm not a huge fan of the Seahawks. Do you like them?
Yes, he wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you read it?
Sure! Brandon Sanderson wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you read that one?
Yes he did and he also wrote The Hero of Ages.
Yes, it was released in 2008
You're welcome!
Yes, Zodiac is a Thriller and a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Robert Downey Jr. also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
Then you should check out Iron Man. It also stars Robert Downey Jr. and is a thriller.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, he directed The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
Bryan Singer starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Yes, X-Men 2 is a Thriller and X-Men 2.
I haven't seen Superhero Thrillers, but I do like that genre.
You're welcome!
Yes, Bruce Willis starred in Unbreakable. Have you seen it?
Yes, he also starred in Unbreakable with Bruce Willis. Have you seen it?
The Avengers saga is a great one, I would recommend it.
You're welcome!
Sure! Terry Gilliam directed the movie X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
Sure, The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus is an adventure film directed by Terry Gilliam.
You are welcome
You're welcome
Sure! The Lucky One is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like Speculative fiction?
Then you might like The Lucky One. It is a romance novel written by Nicholas Sparks.
The Wedding is a romance novel written by Nicholas Sparks. The Guardian is also a novel.
Yes, Zane Grey is a romance novel written by Nicholas Sparks.
You are welcome.
The Wolf of Wall Street is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure, Mastering the Art of French Cooking was written by John Green and is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
You're welcome!
Do you like the Clan of the Cave Bear because it is a Speculative fiction novel?
The Clan of the Cave Bear is also a Historical Novel. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Callum Rennie starred in a movie called Callum Rennie. Have you seen it?
eXistenZ is a comedy. do you like comedies?
Yes, The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King?
It was written by J.R.R.R Tolkien
Yes, she also wrote Poirot Investigates. Have you read that one?
Sure, Gillian Flynn and Gillian Flynn are some of the books that I recommend.
Sure, The Scar is written by J.R.R.R Tolkien and is a mystery novel.
Yes, The Theory of Everything was directed by J.R.R.R Tolkien.
Yes, Lames Marsh directed The Theory of Everything. Have you seen it?
Sure, The King is a Thriller directed by James Marsh. It is a Thriller.
Total Recall is written by J.R.R.R. Tolkien. Do you like his work?
Ronny Cox also starred in Zookeeper. Have you seen that?
Ronny Cox also starred in X-Men Origins: Apocalypse.
You're welcome.
Sure, do you like the book because it was written by David J. Skal or because it is a thriller?
Yes, Vanishing Acts is a horror novel. Do you like horror novels?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Brave is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
Yes, Up is a great Pixar movie by that company.
You're welcome!
I know he plays for the Brazil national football team. Do you like soccer?
Yes, he is a Brazilian professional football player from Rio de Janeiro.
Yes, he plays for the Brazil national football team
Yes, J. R. Ward is a great writer and a director. Do you like his work?
Yes, she also wrote The Last Stand, which is also a drama.
It's a drama. It's also a drama. Do you like dramas?
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he is a cricket player from India. Do you like cricket?
I don't know much about cricket but I know he is a cricket player from India.
I'm not a fan of cricket but I think it's a good sport to watch.
If you give pig a pancake, I would recommend If You Give a Pig a Pancake.
Yes, it was released in 1985. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 1985. If you Give a Pig a Pancake was released in 1985.
You're welcome!
Yes, Simone Elkeles is an American professional tennis player. Do you like him?
Yes, Wild Cards is written by Simone Elkeles. She also wrote Rules of Attraction.
Perfect Chemistry is a great book by Simone Elkeles. Do you like books by her?
Sure! Harold Ramis starred in Stripes. Do you like him because he's a writer?
Harold Ramis starred in the movie Stripes. Do you like comedy movies?
Yes, Groundhog Day is a comedy.
Yes, he wrote a book called Steve Jobs. Have you read it?
Sure! Wither was written by Steve Jobs and was released in 2011. Do you like his work?
Sure! Sever and Fever is a science fiction novel. It was released in 2011. It's a great read!
Erin Morgenstern wrote The Night Circus. Have you read that one?
Yes, The Last Song was written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King?
Yes, Nicholas Sparks wrote True Believer and The Last Song.
Yes, he wrote True Believer. It was released in 1891.
It is considered a thriller and a thriller.
You are welcome!
The dallas cowboys is a great team. Do you like cowboys?
Yes, he is a great coach. I think he is a great coach.
That's a great idea! The Cowboys used to be the owner of the Cowboys and the Cowboys in the 1980's.
Yes, he is a cricket player from India. Do you like cricket?
Yes, he also starred in Slumdog Millionaire. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was a great writer and a film director. He was also a screenwriter.
To Kill a Mockingbird is written by Harper Lee. Do you like Harper Lee or Harper Lee?
Yes, both are written by Harper Lee.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about her, but I know she plays for the Mumbai Indians.
I don't know much about him, but I know he plays for the Mumbai Indians. Do you like him?
I haven't heard of Serena Williams, but I think Serena Williams is a great tennis player.
Yes, he is a singer-songwriter and a musician. Do you like him?
Yes, she is a famous singer and a musician.
I don't have any other information on Interscope Records, but I do know that he is a musician and a musician.
Kick Ass starred Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
It's a Thriller. Do you like Thriller?
Xander Berkeley directed Kick-Ass.
Yes, Xander Berkeley also starred in Kick-Ass. Have you seen it?
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a comedy film.
Nicolas Cage starred in The Sorcerer's Apprentice and Lord of War.
You're welcome!
Yes, he's a great singer and songwriter. Do you like him?
I don't know much about him, but I know he is a musician and a musician.
I don't know when he won Padma Shri Award, but I know he won the Padma Shri Award.
Do you like Inside Man because it is a Thriller or Thriller?
She's a great actress. She also starred in a movie called The Secret Agent. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is a Thriller and a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I have not seen Gangs of New York, but I know it was written by Stephen King. Do you like him?
I'm not sure if Liam Neeson starred in Gangs of New York. Do you like Liam Neeson?
Sure. Schindler's List is a historical drama. Do you like that genre?
You are welcome.
Sure! The Great Gatsby is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like Speculative fiction?
Yes, if you like Monsters of Men, you might like Monsters of Men, or Monsters of Men.
Then you might like The Great Gatsby. It's a fiction novel.
You're welcome.
Sure! The Adventures of Tom Sawyer was written by J.R.R Tolkien and is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Sure! Lucia Graves wrote A Confederacy of Dunces. Have you heard of that one?
Yes, he also wrote La sombra del viento.
That was the year Zeltoun was released.
You are welcome!
Yes, she's a great actress. She was born in New York City.
I don't know when it was released.
She starred in the Muppets
yes she is a real name
I'm a fan of the Baltimore Ravens. I'm a fan of the Baltimore Ravens. Do you like them?
I think Lamar Jackson is a quarterback for the Baltimore Ravens. I think he is a good quarterback.
Yes, he is a great quarterback. Do you like him?
Spirit Bound is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like speculative fiction?
Richelle Mead wrote Vampire Academy and Shadow Kiss. Have you read any of these?
The Fault in Our Stars is written by Richelle Mead and is a Young Adult Fiction Novel.
Yes, you might like The Fault in Our Stars by Richelle Mead. It's a Young Adult Fiction novel.
Yes, it was written by J.R.R Tolkien.
Lois Lowry also wrote Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Giver is a speculative fiction novel.
Sure! Christopher Bigsby wrote The Crucible and The Crucible. Have you read either of those?
Have you read any of his books?
Sure! Do you like Moonrise Kingdom because it's a thriller or because it's a romance novel?
Sure, he also wrote The Last Days of Future Past. Have you heard of that one?
I'm not sure who else is in it, but I can tell you that Meryl Streep also starred in a movie called Wes Anderson.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
I have not seen Pulp Fiction, but I do know it was written by Stephen King. Do you like him?
Sure. Pulp Fiction is a Thriller and a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Roger Avary also starred in X-Men Origins: Apocalyptic.
Silent Hill was released in 2004.
Yes, I do like Alison Doody. She's a great actress. Do you like her movies?
She also starred in X-Men Origins: Apocalypse.
You're welcome.
Yes, she is a great singer and a musician. Do you like her music?
Did you know she also starred in a movie called Just Dancer?
I'm not sure about that, but I do know that she is a singer and a musician.
Sure! Colleen McCullough wrote The Secret History of Bees. Have you read any of those?
The Thorn Birds was released in 1891. The Thorn Birds was released in 1891.
There are so many great dramas. The Dark Knight Rises and The Dark Knight Rises are also great.
Yes, she has starred in a number of movies. She's also starred in a number of movies. Do you like her movies?
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade came out in 2004
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade also starred Tom Hanks
You're welcome
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azk was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like the Harry Potter series?
Have you read Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azk? It is a fantasy book.
You're welcome
Sure! Daphne du Maurier wrote the book A Confederacy of Dunces. Have you read that one?
I'm not sure when Rebecca was released.
Yes, she was born in England.
Yes, he is a great author. He is a writer and a musician.
Twilight Zone is a great movie. Do you like his movies?
I like Joe Pesci. Joe Pesci also starred in Twilight Zone. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
Do you like Despicable Me 2 because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Steve Carell also starred in Zookeeper. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
Sure! Wilson Rawls wrote The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby. Have you read either?
Susan Meissner wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you read that one?
You're welcome
You're welcome
Sure! The Terminator is a sci-fi thriller. Do you like sci-fi?
Yes, Will Smith and Jeff Goldblum both starred in it.
You're welcome!
I'm not a fan of the Eagles, but I think they are a good team. Do you like them?
They lost Super Bowl XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
That's awesome! I'm a fan of the Patriots. I'm a huge fan of the Patriots.
I think he is a great actor. He was born in New York City. Do you like him?
John Lennnon also wrote Yellow Submarine. Have you heard it?
Sure! Ant-Man is a great comic book. Do you like comic books?
No, I don't have any comic book movies, but I do know Be Cool is a comic book.
The Postman is a great comic book movie. You might like The Postman, or The Postman.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Pearl Harbor was written by Christopher Paolini. Do you like his work?
I'm sorry, I don't have any other related to Pearl Harbor.
Yes, I do. It was written by J.R.R Tolkien. Do you like it?
Yes, there is a sequel.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was written by J.K. Rowling.
You're welcome!
Yes, he's a great basketball player. Do you like him?
Yes, he's a basketball player for the Golden State Warriors. Do you like basketball?
Yes, he did and he also starred in The Golden State Warriors. Have you seen it?
I haven't seen Space Jam, but I'm a fan of Space Jam.
Rebecca Skloot wrote a book called Rebecca Skloot. Have you read it?
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is a Thriller.
You're welcome
Yes, they are a professional football team based in Denver, Colorado.
They are in the AFC West. Do you like the Broncos?
I like football, but I don't follow football much. I'm a fan of the Denver Broncos.
Robert Duvall starred in The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby.
The Apostle was written by Robert Duvall and is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller?
You're welcome!
Yes, he is one of the best athletes of all time. He is a professional basketball player.
I'm not sure if he used the Birdhouse Skateboards, but he was the winner of the Birdhouse Skateboards.
I'm not sure if he was in Friends with Benefits, but I know he also starred in a movie called Skeleton.
Total Recall is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
Philip K. Dick also wrote The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
Adjustment Bureau is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a quarterback for the Denver Broncos.
Yes, he is a quarterback for the New England Patriots.
No, I haven't seen either of them. Isn't he also a quarterback?
Yes, Last Sacrifice is written by J.R.R Tolkien. Do you like his work?
Yes, it is a good book
I'm not sure about Vampire Academy but I do know that it was released in 2005
You're welcome
Divergent is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like Speculative fiction?
It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
Sure! The very hungry caterpillar is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like Speculative fiction?
Yes he did. He also wrote The Good Doctor and The Good Doctor.
He also wrote The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby.
Yes, White Fang is a great children's literature written by Lana Wachowski
Yes, he also wrote White Fang. Have you read any of his other books?
You're welcome.
Bruce Greenwood is a writer and a film director. He was born in New York City. Do you like his work?
I'm not sure who else starred in Wild Orchid. Is that something you'd like to know?
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a quarterback for the Green Bay Packers. Do you like him?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a quarterback for the Green Bay Packers.
Mike McCarthy also plays for the Green Bay Packers. Do you like him?
Yes, she's a great tennis player. She's also a voice actor. Do you like her?
The Historian is a horror novel written by Elizabeth Kostova. She also wrote The Historian.
Emile Zola wrote The Historian and The Historian. Have you read either?
You are welcome.
Yes, A Little Princess was written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
Yes, it was written by John Updike and is a children's literature.
Yes, you are correct. Rabbit at Rest is the next in the Rabbit at Rest series.
You're welcome!
I'm a fan of the Brooklyn Nets, but I don't know much about them. Do you like them?
I'm not sure about his last team, but I know he was born in Brooklyn. Do you like him?
I'm not a huge fan of the Greek Freak, but I'm a fan of the Greek Freaks.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by J.K. Rowling.
Yes he did. Wonder Boys was written by J.K. Rowling.
I'm not sure if they are still together. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure! The Road is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like Speculative fiction?
Have you heard of Xenocide or Xenocide?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
He wrote Zoe's Tale and Zoe's Tale.
Yes, he is a writer. He also wrote The Way Station.
You're welcome!
The Terminal is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
He also starred in Larry Crowne, and That Thing You Do.
Yes, the Green Mile is similar to Larry Crowne.
You're welcome!
She's a great actress. She's starred in a lot of movies. Did you know she was influenced by Tina Fey?
I haven't seen that one, but I do like her on Saturday night live. Do you like her music?
I'm not a fan of satire shows, but I think it's a great show.
Yes, she also starred in The Invention of Lying. Have you seen it?
Yes, that's where the Invention of Lying is located.
Yes, he is a tennis player. Do you like him?
I know he plays for the Manchester United F.C. and is a football player.
Yes, she's a woman. She's also a politician.
I think she's a great singer, songwriter, and a musician.
Yes, she is a great singer. I like her music. I like her music.
That's a great song by Paul McCartney. I like Yellow Submarine. Do you like Paul McCartney?
Yes, Beatrice Sparks wrote Go Ask Alice.
Yes, it was released in the early 1070's.
Yes, it was released in 1971.
You're welcome!
Yes, Ray Bradbury is a writer and a writer. Do you like him because he wrote the book?
Yes, The Martian Chronicles is considered speculative fiction.
Yes, they are by Ray Bradbury. They're also speculative fiction.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Yes, he directed the movie, and starred in the movie. Have you seen it?
Freakonomics has a genre Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he plays for the Portugal national football team.
Yes, he plays for the Portugal national football team.
Yes, she's very popular in the U.S.. She's also married to Spice Girl.
Total Recall is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
Sure! Arnold Schwarzenegger starred in the movie Total Recall, which is a drama. Do you like that genre?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information for True Lies. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Ella Enchanted is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like her movies?
Ella Enchanted is a Thriller and a Thriller. Do you like Thriller?
Ella Enchanted is written by John Scalzi
You are welcome
Yes, he starred in Xenocide. Have you seen that one?
Irvin Kershner also starred in The Return of a Man Called Horse
William Lucking also starred in Irwin Kershner's Return of a Man Called Horse.
He wrote Madame Bovary. Have you read that one?
It was released in 1891.
Zoe's Tale was released in 1891.
Zoe's Tale is a Speculative fiction novel.
Yes, it was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr. and is a Thriller.
Yes he was
I have not seen Love Ranch. Is it a comedy?
Heart of Darkness is written by J.R.R Tolkien and is a Speculative fiction novel.
Yes, The Portable Atheist was written by Joseph Conrad. He also wrote The Secret Agent.
Yes, it's in the audiobooks.
Sure, J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan. Have you read that one?
The Boy Who Would Grow Up was released in 1904
The play was written by J.M. Barrie and released in 1904.
The play was written in 1904.
You're welcome.
Sure! Emily Bronte wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you read it?
Wuthering Heights is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Sure! They are added to your reading list.
Sure! He wrote David Copperfield and David Copperfield.
Charles Dickens wrote a book called The Assassination of Azkaban.
You're welcome!
Sure! Blood Promise is a Speculative fiction novel written by J.R.R Tolkien. It is a Speculative fiction novel.
Yes, it is written by John Scalzi and is a thriller.
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, it is a young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Stan Wawrinka is a tennis player from Switzerland. He is a tennis player.
Yes, I am a fan of Venus Williams. Do you like tennis?
That's a great place to visit. Do you have a favorite tennis player?
Yes, he is a basketball player from Chicago. Do you like basketball?
Yes, he is a point guard for the Detroit Pistons.
I didn't know he was born in Los Angeles, but I'm not sure if he is a basketball player.
Do you like Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone because it is a fantasy?
The Magicians by Lev Grossman is a fantasy
You're welcome
Yes, The Help was written by J.R.R Tolkien and is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes, she also won the Academy Award for Best Novel of the Year.
Viola Davis also starred in XXXX. Have you seen it?
Sure! Joseph Kosinski directed a number of films. Do you like him because he is a director?
Yes he did and he directed State Fair. Have you seen that one?
That's a great movie! Did you know he was also a producer? He's a great actor.
You're welcome!
Sure! Pat Conroy wrote the book, Pat Conroy. Do you like Pat Conroy because he wrote the book?
Yes, Pat Conroy is an author who wrote The Great Santini.
Flannery O'Conner wrote The Great Santini. Have you read it?
Wise Blood is a Speculative fiction novel.
You are welcome.
Yes, she starred in Aliens. Have you seen that movie?
Bill Paxton also starred in X-Men Origins: Apocalypse.
Tombstone also starred Tombstone. Do you like Tombstone?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Do you like Jane Austen?
Jane Austen wrote Pride and Prejudice. what else can i do for you today?
You are welcome. Anything else I can do for you?
Simone Elkeles is an author who wrote The Last Man and The Last Man. Have you read either of those?
Simone Elkeles wrote a lot of romance and crime fiction novels. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome!
Paul Verhoeven is a writer and a director. Do you like his work?
He also directed The Last Man and The Manchurian Candidate.
Total Recall is a Thriller/Horror/Horror film.
You're welcome!
Sure! Snow White and the Huntsman is a Speculative fiction novel written by J.R.R. Tolkien.
It's a great movie. It also stars Kristen Stewart. Do you like her movies?
Undertow is a Thriller and Thriller.
Pat Healy and Robert Longstreet also starred in Undertow.
Yes, Shiri Appleby also starred in The Thirteenth Floor. Have you seen it?
The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
The Hobbit: Battle of the Five Armies is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
The Golden Compass was written by J.R.R. Tolkien.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Yes, it was directed by Stephen King. Do you like him?
Yes, he did. He also wrote Public Enemies. Have you seen it?
Yes, he also directed The Invisible Man. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
Total Recall is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
It is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
Sean Harris also starred in Prometheus.
You are welcome.
Yes, they are a pretty good team. They are coached by Mike Zimmer and Mike Zimmer. Do you like baseball?
That was a great year for the Giants in the World Series. Do you have a favorite baseball team?
I'm a fan of the Oakland Raiders. Who's your favorite team?
I'm not sure who starred in Equalizer. Are you a fan?
Yes, she also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine.
The Trolls was released in 2001 and also stars Jennifer Lawrence. Do you like psychological thrillers?
You're welcome!
He is a table tennis player from China. Do you like table tennis?
Yes, he is from China. Do you like table tennis?
Yes, he's a great tennis player from China.
He wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
He also wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. Have you read this one yet?
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn is written by Mark Twain. He also wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn is written by Mark Twain.
You're welcome!
Sure! Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Do you like books by Jane Austen?
Jane Austen wrote Pride and Prejudice. Have you read this one?
Persuasion is a fiction novel.
The Hunt for Red October is a Speculative fiction book. Do you like Speculative fiction?
Patriot Games was released in 2011. Patriot Games was released in 2012.
You are welcome!
Ben Stiller starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen either?
Yes, he is hilarious in Zoolander. Did you know he also starred in Zoolander?
Yes, he was. He also starred in The Royal Tenenbaums.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
She's a great singer. Did you know she also starred in a movie called Xenocide?
I am not a fan of Kevin Federline, but Kevin Federline was also a producer and producer.
Yes, I like Black Snake Moan. Have you seen Friends with Benefits?
Sure, do you like it because it is a Sci-Fi movie or because it is a Thriller?
The Terminal is written by Liisa Garner and released in 2012.
Yes, Steven Spielberg directed the movie and he also directed the movie. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Sure, he directed The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen that one?
The Great Escape came out in 2010.
The Towering Inferno was directed by Steve McQueen, Steve McQueen, and Steve McQueen.
You're welcome!
Heart of Darkness is written by J.R.R Tolkien. Do you like J.R.R Tolkien?
It was written by J.R.R Tolkien. Do you like her work?
Yes, The Very Hungry Caterpillar is a picture book.
Do you like Monty Python because it's a Thriller or because it's a comedy?
The Wizard of Oz was released in 2004.
The Writers of the Wizard of Oz is John Scalzi
Yes, he also wrote the Adventure genre
Willy Wonka & Chocolate Factory is written by George Cukor
Yes, he's a great player. He plays for the Germany national football team.
Yes, he's a great player. He's also a point guard for Barcelona.
That's right! He's a great coach. He's a great player.
Yes, Tom Hanks is the lead actor. Do you like him?
Yes, he was in The Fugitive. Have you seen it?
Yes, I will do.
Sure, he directed a lot of great films. He also directed The Hunger Games. Have you seen that one?
The Perks of Being a Walflower was written by Stephen Chbosky. He also directed The Perks of Being a Walflower
Yes she was. She also starred in The Perks of Being a Walflower
Yes, he directed The Perks of Being a Walflower. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome.
Yes, it is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Tom Cruise also starred in The Vampire Diaries. Have you seen this one?
Andres Iniesta is a Speculative fiction novel written by J.R.R Tolkien.
I'm a fan of the Dodgers, but I don't know much about them. Do you like them?
Yes, they are a goof team. Do you like the Astros?
Yes that was the year that the Giants played in the 2010 World Series.
I haven't been to the World Series yet. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, The Devil Wears Prada is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Aline Brosh McKenna also wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
Sure, he starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
Yes, he also starred in Treasure Planet. Have you seen it?
The Legend of Zorro has a genre of Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Sure! William Friedkin directed the movie The Assassination Day. Have you seen it?
It's a drama. Do you like dramas?
I don't have any other thrillers, but if you like thrillers, he also has a Thriller, he also has a Thriller and a Thriller.
You're welcome!
Yes, Pearl S Buck is an American novelist who wrote the book. Have you read any of his books?
Yes, it is a Romance.
Yes, Black and White is a romance
You're welcome
I don't know much about them, but I know they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I'm a fan of basketball. What about you?
I'm a fan of tennis. What sport do you like?
I'm not sure about Jonathan Dayton, but I do know he directed a movie called X-Men Origins.
He directed Little Miss Sunshine. Have you seen it?
No, I don't have that information, but Jonathan Dayton directed Little Miss Sunshine.
Alan Arkin also starred in Xenocide. Have you seen that one?
Yes, she is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I'm not sure about her current ranking but I do know she is a tennis player from Belarus.
You're welcome!
David Oliver Relin has written a number of books. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure! He's a writer, a director and a director. Do you like his work?
Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas was released in 1971. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Yes, Ella Enchanted is a novel written by Ella Enchanted. Have you read it?
Gail Carson Levine also wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you read that one?
Yes, it's a fantasy novel.
The Tombs of Atuan is written by Gail Carson Levine and was released in 2001.
I'm a fan of the Denver Broncos. I'm a fan of the Denver Broncos. Do you like them?
I think he was a quarterback for the Denver Broncos
Yes, he was drafted by the Denver Broncos. He also played for the Broncos.
Yes, he is a midfielder who plays for the Germany national football team.
Yes, he plays for the Argentina national football team.
Yes, he's a great player. I think he's a great player.
Sure, do you like him because it was written by Jeff Kinney or because he is a writer?
Yes, it is. Do you like romantic comedy?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, Apocalypto is a Speculative fiction novel written by Stephen King. Do you like him?
Mel Gibson also wrote Apocalypto. Have you seen that one?
The Passion of the Christ is written by Mel Gibson and is a Thriller.
You're welcome!
Divergent is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure. Divergent is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
Yes, she also wrote Allegiant.
Yes, it was written by J.R.R Tolkien.
I love Rainbows End. It is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
If You Could See Me is a novel.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like that genre?
The Golden Compass was written by J.K. Rowling and is a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
Philip Pullman also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
You're welcome!
Sure! Renny Harlin directed a number of films such as X-Men Origins: Apocalypse Now. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, Yvonne Zima starred in it as well.
Yes, Yvonne Zima also starred in it.
You're welcome!
Yes, she is a great singer and a musician. Do you like her music?
I'm a huge fan of Shakira. I'm a fan of Shakira. I'm a fan of hers.
Yeah, he's a great singer. Did you know he also starred in a movie called Rhythm and Blues?
Me Before You is written by J.R.R Tolkien and is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller?
Me Before You is a science fiction novel written by J.R.R. Tolkien.
The Regulators was a great movie. Do you like Sci-Fi?
I don't know much about her, but I do know she is a tennis player.
Yes, she is a great tennis player. Do you like tennis?
That's amazing. I think she is a great tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I don't know much about them, but I think they are a pretty good team.
Yes, he was a midfielder and a forward.
That is a great movie. I think he is a good basketball player.
Yes, Gareth Bale is a football player from England. Are you a fan?
I'm not a huge fan of football but I do know he plays for the England National Football team. Do you like football?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Pat Conroy wrote a book called Tempted. Have you read that one?
The Water is Wide
Yes, Pat Conroy wrote The Water is Wide
Glad to help
The Battle of the Labyrinth is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like Speculative fiction?
Fear Nothing is written by J.R.R Tolkien.
It's a horror novel. Do you like horror?
You're welcome!
Yes, it's a great book written by Stephen King. Do you like him?
Sure! Once Upon a Time in the West is a great Spaghetti Western. It's a great Spaghetti Western. It's a great movie.
Sure! The Good, the Bad and the Ugly is a classic Spaghetti Western.
Sure! City of God is a Speculative fiction film written by J.R.R Tolkien. It is a Speculative fiction film.
Well, if you like dramas, you might like The Hunger Games or The Hunger Games. Have you seen those?
The Manchurian Candidate is a drama and was released in 2004. It's a great movie.
Yes, Denzel Washington also starred in To Kill a Mockingbird.
The Revenant is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he is a singer-songwriter and a musician. Do you like his music?
Yes he is a DJ and he is also a DJ. Do you like him?
I don't know much about him, but I think he's a great tennis player.
I like tennis but I don't know much about tennis but I do know he is a former world No. 1 in singles.
I don't know much about tennis but I do know Victoria Azarenka is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Sure! She's a great author. She wrote The Secret Life of Bees. Have you read that one?
Seven Years to Sin is a romance novel
You're welcome
Rob Riggle starred in Zookeeper. Have you seen that one?
I don't know much about her, but I do know she is a singer and a singer.
She's a great singer from the UK. She's also been in the UK.
I like Sia Furler. I like Sia Furler. I like Sia Furler. I like Sia Furler. I like Sia Furler. I like Sia Furler.
Yes, she is. I like her music. She's a great Lyricist.
He is a cricket player from Dehli. Do you like cricket?
I don't know much about cricket, but I know he plays for the Germany national cricket team.
Yes, he was in that one.
Sure! Bob Peck starred in Xenocide. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Bill Paxton also starred in Sense of Snow.
Yes, I have seen Field of Dreams. Kevin Costner also starred in that movie. Do you like Kevin Costner?
It was released in 1989. It's a great movie.
Sure! The Hobbitt: An Unexpected Journey is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like Speculative fiction?
The Hobbitt: An Unexpected Journey is written by Aidan Turner and is a fantasy film. Do you like that genre?
The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones is written by Aidan Turner and is a fantasy film. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Kevin Zegers and Kevin Zegers both star in Zoom.
You're welcome!
Can You Keep a Secret was written by Sophie Kinsella and released in 2003.
Sophie Kinsella also wrote a book called Into the Wild.
She wrote Remember Me and the Undomestic Goddess. Have you heard of that one?
I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
He is a cricket player from India. Do you like cricket?
I don't know much about cricket but I do know he plays for the India national cricket team.
I don't know much about cricket, but I do know he plays for the Mumbai Indians.
Sure, Gillian Flynn and Gillian Flynn are both great books.
Yes, she also wrote Sharp Objects. Have you read that one?
Yes, it was released in 2014.
Sure! Do you like him because he starred in a lot of movies? He also starred in XXX.
Yes, it is a musical. Do you like musicals?
I'm sorry, I don't have any other information on Warcraft.
You are welcome!
Yes, she is a singer. She's also a singer.
I'm a fan of the Chicago Cubs. I'm a fan of the Chicago Cubs. Do you like them?
I'm a fan of the Giants. I'm a fan of the Giants. Do you like them?
I'm not a fan of Candlestick Park, but I'm a fan of the Giants. Do you like baseball?
I like Aaron Rodgers. He's a quarterback for the Green Bay Packers.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, Louis Sachar is a writer and a director. Do you like his work?
Sure, Louis Sachar wrote The Wayside School Novels, have you heard of that one?
The Wayside School is Falling Down is a children's literature.
I think he is one of the best golfers of all time. I think he's a great golfer.
Yes, he is a great golfer. He also won the Masters Tournament in 2010 and the 2010 Masters Tournament.
That's a good drama. I think he's a great golfer. He's a great player.
I have seen Weeds and We bought a Zoo. Have you seen either of those?
Sure! He wrote The War of the Worlds and The War of the Worlds. Have you read either of those?
The Time Machine was released in 2005 and is a sci-fi novel.
Yes, I have seen Caddyshack. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
A Space Odyssey is written by James Carey and is a sci-fi film.
Yes, he is a great basketball player. Do you like basketball?
Yes, he is a great shooting guard. Did you know he was born in Chicago?
You're very welcome. I'm a Pats fan. Do you like Pats?
I'm a fan of the Yankees, but I don't know much about them. Are they a baseball team?
I'm a fan of the New York Yankees, but I don't know much about the Yankees, but I think they are a pretty good team.
I don't know much about baseball, but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer and Mike Zimmer.
Psycho is written by Kurt Wimmer and is a Thriller.
Robert Bloch and Robert Bloch starred in the movie. Do you like him?
I'm not sure about that, but he was in the shower scene. Have you seen the shower?
I don't know much about them, but I know they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like them?
Yes, he's a great businessperson. He was born in Tampa Bay.
I'm not sure about Greg Schiano, but I know he's a coach for the Buccaneers.
Sure, do you like Rocky because it is a Sci-Fi movie or because it is a drama?
Sylvester Stallone also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
I have not seen Creed, but I can tell you that it is a Thriller.
You're welcome!
Yes, Michael Crichton wrote a book called The Great Gatsby. Have you read it?
The Great Train Robbery is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Yes, he directed The Last Man and he directed it.
I don't know, but I do know he also starred in The Good Doctor
Yes he also starred in X-Men Origins
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen. Do you like books by Jane Austen?
Jane Austen wrote the book and it is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Then you might like The Dark Side of the Moon. It's a great satire.
The Time Machine was written by Jane Austen. It's a satire. Do you like satires?
Yes, he directed a lot of great films. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Jurrasic world is an adventure film starring Omar Sy.
Do you like thrillers, because it is a thriller?
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in Zookeeper. Have you seen that one?
That's a great movie! Did you like Patsy Kensit? She also starred in that movie.
That's right! Did you know that he also starred in The Last Man?
That's great! Did you know he also starred in The Curious Case of Benjamin Button?
I'm a fan of the Cowboys, but I don't know much about them. Are they a football team?
I'm not sure about that, but I do know he is a quarterback for the Dallas Cowboys.
I don't have any information on the Cowboys. Is there anything else I can help with?
Irwin Kershner directed The Assassination of Zorro. Have you seen that one?
Irvin Kershner directed Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back.
Irvin Kershner directed Never Say Never Again. Have you seen it?
Yes, Gillian Flynn and Gillian Flynn.
Gillian Flynn also wrote Dark Places. Have you read that one?
Gillian Flynnn also wrote What Do You Do. Have you read that one?
Yes, he is a great writer. I think he was influenced by William Shakespeare.
I'm not a fan of sci-fi but I think you should check out The Scar and What Do You Do.
You're welcome.
He is a cricket player from India. Do you like cricket?
I don't know much about him, but I know he is a cricket player from India.
I'm not a huge cricket fan but I do know he's from India.
No, I haven't. I'm a fan of cricket. What sport do you like?
I'm not a huge fan of cricket but I think it's a very good sport.
You're welcome.
Yes, they are a professional basketball team based in Houston, Texas.
Looper is a comedy and a drama. Do you like dramas?
Have you seen Warlock 2? It's a sci-fi thriller.
Yes, it's a zombie movie. If you like zombie movies, you might like The Walking Dead.
You might also like Zombieland. It's a great movie.
Yes, The Great Gatsby is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like Speculative fiction?
He also wrote The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby.
Erich Maria Remarque wrote Erich Maria Remarque. Are you a fan of her work?
I'm not sure when they came out, but I do know Im Western nichts Neues was written in 1922.
I'm Western nichts Neues is written in English and is in English.
You're welcome!
I think she's a great tennis player, but I don't know much about her. Do you like tennis?
I don't know much about her but I think she is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I don't know much about Williams sisters but I do know Williams is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I'm a fan of tennis but I don't know much about tennis but I do know the Williams sisters are a great tennis player.
I like to watch a lot of sports. I like to watch a lot of sports. I like to watch a lot of sports. What do you think?
Yes, I do. It's a great movie. Do you like it because it is a drama?
Tennessee Williams starred in A Streetcar Named Desire.
Yes, he also wrote A Streetcar Named Desire. Have you read that one?
You're welcome
Do you like In the Woods because it's a Thriller or Drama?
In the Woods is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome
Yes, he is a writer and a musician. Do you like him because he is an author?
He has been involved in a lot of films. He also directed a movie called The Last Man. Have you seen any of those?
Harsh Times is directed by David Ayer and is a thriller film.
Yes, he also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
You're welcome
I don't know much but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
The Vikings are 2nd in the NFC North. Do you like the Vikings?
I'm a Packers fan, but I don't know much about the Chiefs, but I do know they play in the NFC North. Do you like them?
Sure, he wrote The Last Stand, which is a drama. Have you seen it?
The Social Network was written by Andrew Garfield and starred in The Social Network
The Social Network is a Thriller and Thriller.
The Social Network was released in 2010.
The Social Network is a music film. It was released in 2010.
The Social Network was written by Andrew Garfield and released in 2010. The Social Network was released in 2010.
You're welcome!
Sure, Ang Lee directed The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen any of those?
Tobey Maguire also directed The Ice Storm. Have you seen this movie?
Rick Moody also wrote The Ice Storm. Have you seen this movie?
Yes, Brisingr is written by J.R.R.R. Tolkien and is a young-adult fiction novel.
Yes, it is a young-adult fiction novel.
You're welcome!
Throne of Glass is written by Sarah J. Maas and released in 2012.
The Assassin's Blade was released in 2010.
Milk and Honey was written by Sarah J. Maas. She also wrote The Assassin's Blade.
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion.
She wrote Persuasion, which was released in 1817.
Yes, I have. It was released in 1817. Have you read it?
Yes, she is a tennis player from India. Are you a fan?
I don't know any other players like her but I know she played in the 2010 Commonwealth Games.
I'm not sure where the Commonwealth Games are played. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure! The Power of Thinking Without Thinking was written by J.R.R.R Tolkien. Do you like his work?
Yes, Martin McDonagh directed The Incredible Hulk and The Incredible Hulk. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, he was a scientist and a scientist. Do you like him?
Yes he did and he also directed a film called Xenocide
Yes, he starred in The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen that one?
There are so many great family movies. You might also like The Hunger Games. Have you seen those?
We Bought a Zoo is starring Robert De Niro. It's a romantic comedy.
Sure, I will do that.
Yes, he wrote The Simpsons and The Simpsons. Have you read either of those?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, Beowulf is considered a classic. Do you like poetry?
I'm a fan of the Seattle Seahawks. I'm a fan of the Seahawks. Do you like them?
That's a great Super Bowl XXXV. I'm not a huge fan of the Giants.
I'm not sure if they played this year, but they have a good season this year.
Sure! Proposal is written by J.R.R Tolkien and is a Speculative fiction novel.
Sandra Bullock starred in The Proposal and The Proposal.
Yes, Oceans 8, The Blind Side and Gravity are a couple of my favorites.
Sure, do you like Tom Clancy because it's a speculative fiction book?
Yes, it is a new book.
Yes, Dead is a new book written by Tom Clancy.
They are a professional basketball team based in New York City. Do you like them?
Mike Woodson is the owner of the New York Knicks.
I'm sorry,I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help with?
You are welcome
In Bruges is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
Sure! Colin Farrell starred in The Expendables 2 and in The Expendables 2.
Seven Psychopaths is one of my favorites! Seven Psychopaths is one of my favorites.
You're welcome!
Yes, they are a professional football team based in Denver. Do you like them?
John Fox also coached the Denver Broncos. Are you a fan of John Fox?
Yes, it is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a Sci-Fi movie?
I haven't seen it but I do like it. Do you like it?
Matt Schulza also starred in The Fast Five. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
Sure! Have you heard of the dystopian dystopian genre?
Yes, Divergent is based on the book.
You should give Divergent a try. It is also a Young-adult fiction novel.
You're welcome!
Yes, Jordan Spieth is a professional golfer from Dallas. Do you like golf?
Yes, he is a great golfer from Dallas. Do you like golf?
Yes, he plays for the Dallas Cowboys. I think he's from Dallas.
Yes, Maya Angelou is a great author. She was born in New York City. Are you familiar with her work?
Yes, she wrote a lot of poetry. Do you like poetry? Do you like poetry?
The book was released in 1818.
Of course! I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, he wrote она и мир.
He is an American professional footballer who plays for FC Bayern Munich II. Do you like football?
This is the End is a Thriller/Thriller. Do you like this genre?
This is the End is starring Seth Rogen.
You're welcome!
You're welcome.
Isn't he a soccer player? I think he's a good player.
I don't know much about him, but I know he plays for the Chile national football team.
I haven't seen that movie, but I think it's a good movie.
That's a great movie! Did you know he also starred in the movie X-Men Origins?
Sure! The Sea of Monsters was written by Stephen King and is a Speculative fiction novel.
Rick Riordan also wrote Vespers Rising.
Yes, Titan's Curse Young Adult was written by Rick Riordan
Sure! She wrote The Secret Life and Life of Pi. Have you read either of those?
Mary Ann Shaffer is a writer and a director
Mary Ann Shaffer wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society
Yes, he is a basketball player from the United States of America.
Sure! Ray Bradbury wrote The Dark Knight Rises. Have you heard of that one?
Yes, they are both romance novels.
The Bradbury Chronicles was released in 2004
You're welcome
Isn't he a midfielder for the Chilean National Football team?
Yes, he is a professional golfer from Dallas. Do you like golf?
Happy Gilmore is a great movie. Do you like it because it is a mini golf movie?
I like Rob Schneider in Grown Ups because he was in Grown Ups. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Salma Hayek was in Frida.
Sure! Joe Morton starred in a number of movies. He also starred in Zookeeper. Have you seen that one?
Unforgivable Blackness is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You might like Total Recall because it is a fantasy movie, or because it is a fantasy movie.
You're welcome!
Yes, Saina Nehwal is an athlete and plays for the Mumbai Indians. Do you like her?
Yes, he was in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Yes, he is from Hisar. Do you like him?
Do you like Thor because it is a Sci-Fi movie or because it is a Sci-Fi?
Iron Man is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
He also starred in The Avengers and The Avengers. Have you seen any of those?
Then you might like The Incredible Hulk or The Incredible Hulk. Both are great adventure movies.
Sure! Eric Brees wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you heard of it?
Yes, The Butterfly Effect is a thriller and the Final Destination 2 is a thriller.
The Butterfly Effect is a Thriller film directed by Eric Bees. It is also a thriller film.
Yes, he also directed The Last Stand which is a thriller film.
Yes, October Sky is a Thriller/Thriller/Thriller film.
You're welcome!
Yes, she is a great singer and actress. Do you like her music?
I'm not sure who else starred in Pauly Shore is Dead. Do you like her movies?
You're welcome.
Sure, he directed The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen those?
Pencil 300 is a Thriller and ink 300 is a drama.
Yes, he starred in 300. It's a fantasy film.
Yes, Vincent Regan and Michael Fassbender starred in 300.
Yes, I do. Kill Bill is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
It was a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion.
Yes, Jane Austen also wrote Persuasion.
That's right. Jane Austen also wrote Pride and Prejudice.
Yes, Clockwork Angel is written by Nicholas Sparks and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, she also wrote a book called Clockwork Angel. Have you read it?
Mortal Instruments is a speculative fiction novel.
Robert De Niro starred in Mission Impossible.
Yes he was in Days of Thunder.
Yes he starred in Days of Thunder. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome
I'm not a huge fan of the Green Bay Packers, but I think they're a good team.
I'm not a fan of the Green Bay Packers, but I'm a fan of the Green Bay Packers.
I'm a Niners fan. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you have a favorite team?
Sure, do you like books written by J.R.R Tolkien?
Jodi Picoult also wrote Where There's Smoke. Have you read that one?
Yes, I like Crime Fiction. Do you like Crime Fiction?
Yes, he plays for the Germany national football team. Do you like soccer?
I think he plays for the Germany national football team, but I don't know much about him.
That's a great sport for kids. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, she wrote The Last Man and The Last Man. Have you read either of those?
The Sweet Far Thing is a Thriller and The Diviners is a Thriller.
Sure! The Sweet Far Thing is part of a series. Other books in this genre include The Sweet Far Thing and The Other Boleyn Girl.
Yes, Milan Kundera is an American professional footballer who plays for FC Bayern Munich II.
Yes, Milan Kundera is a poet and playwright.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a quarterback for the Denver Broncos.
I'm not sure who else is on that team, but I do know he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints.
You're welcome!
Yes, she is a Korean professional golfer from Honolulu.
I don't know a lot about golf, but I know he is from Honolulu.
Yes, she won the U.S. Women's Open in 2005.
Sure! Mike Starr starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen either?
The Bodyguard also starred Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
I'm not sure when it was released. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a singer and a musician. Do you like him?
Yes, he won the MTV Music Award for Best Choreography.
I'm not sure who married him, but I do know he is a musician.
Sure! Do you like Monsters Inc because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Then you might like The Last Samurai or The Last Samurai.
Then you might like The Incredible Hulk or The Incredible Hulk. Have you seen those?
Yes, Jojo Moyes wrote The Good Doctor and The Good Doctor. Have you read either of those?
The Ship of Brides is a Speculative fiction novel.
You're welcome.
Sure! The Wonderful Wizard of Oz was written by William Nicholson. Do you like his work?
No, I have not read that one. Is there anything else I can help you with?
If you like thrillers, you should check out The Expendables. It's a great thriller.
I like Rafael Nadal, he's a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
My favorite tennis player is Rafael Nadal. Who is your favorite tennis player?
I'm not sure if he lost against Marat Safin. I think he's a great tennis player.
You're welcome
Sure, he wrote The Secret History of Sherlock Holmes. Do you like Sherlock Holmes?
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was released in 1891.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Philip Pullman wrote The Crucible. Have you heard of that one?
Then you might like The Last Samurai or The Last Samurai. Both are great books.
You're welcome!
The Insurgent is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
She also wrote The Insurgent. Have you read it?
Sure, it is a fiction novel released in 2010.
You're welcome!
Yes, I do like her music. I like her music. Do you like her music?
She's a great singer. She's also a composer and a musician.
Yes, she played in a movie called A Thousand Years. Have you seen it?
Do you like Thor because it is a Sci-Fi movie or because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Sure! Chris Hemsworth also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
You are welcome!
Sure! Jodi Picoult wrote The Secret Agent and The Secret Agent. Have you read either of those?
Where There's Smoke is written by Jodi Picoult. Do you like books by him?
Where There's Smoke is a Fictional novel.
Yes, he plays for the Brazil national football team. Do you like him?
Yes, I do like football. Do you like football?
I like the Patriots. Who is your favorite team?
I'm a fan of the Cleveland Browns. I'm a fan of the Cleveland Browns. Do you like them?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a coach for the New England Patriots.
I think he is a good coach but I don't know much about him. Is he a football player?
Sure, Peter Weir directed a movie called The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen it?
Yes, Peter Weir directed it. It is a Romance/Drama.
Yes, she's a great actress. She's also starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
She is a very talented singer. Do you like her music?
Yes, it's a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Lois Lowry also wrote the book and it is a Speculative Fiction.
Yes, Xenocide is written by Lois Lowry and is considered Speculative fiction.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Yes, Rosemary Wells is an American professional tennis player who plays point guard. Do you like her?
Yes, it was. It's a children's literature. Do you like children's literature?
You're welcome!
Sure, Bradly Cooper starred in a number of movies. Have you seen any of them?
Yes he also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen it?
The cast of Submarine is Bradly Cooper. Do you like Bradly Cooper?
Yes he was in Two Can Play That Game, which is a comedy.
You're welcome!
Yes, The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide: Five Complete Novels and One Story was written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King?
Sure! Douglas Adams also wrote The Last Man and The Manchurian Candidate. Have you read either of those?
The Restaurant at the End of the Universe is a novel written by Douglas Adams. It is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul was released in 1980. Would you like to know more about the book?
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them but I do know they are a Kpop band. Do you like them?
I like Nsync and Backstreet Boys. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I have a favorite boy band, I like them too. I like them too. I think they are a good band.
I'm a fan of the Baltimore Ravens, but I don't know much about them. Do you like them?
Yes, he was a linebacker for the Baltimore Ravens. Did you know he was born in Baltimore?
I'm a fan of football, but I'm a fan of the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like football?
Sure! Do you like TRON because it is a sci-fi or a sci-fi movie?
Do you like sci-fi films?
You're welcome.
Sure! L.A. Confidential is written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King?
There is a sequel to L.A. Confidential.
You're welcome!
Yes, Taxi Driver is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
Yes, he is a great actor. He also starred in a comedy called X-Men 2. Have you seen it?
The Manchurian Candidate is starring Denzel Washington and Denzel Washington. Do you like Denzel Washington?
You're welcome!
Do you like Djimon Hounsou movies because he starred in it or because it is a comedy?
Yes, he also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
She also starred in X-Men Origins: Apocalypse.
The Pianist is a biographical film starring Emilia Fox
You're welcome
Yes, I am a tennis fan. Did you know she won the 2012 PGA Championship?
No, I didn't know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm not sure who starred in Smokin' Aces.
That's where Serena live in Palm Beach. She was born in Palm Beach.
Yes, he directed a lot of great films. He also directed X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen that?
Interview With the Assassin has genre Thriller.
The Illusionist and Interview With the Assassin is a suspense film. Do you like suspense films?
You're welcome!
Sure! The Fault in Our Stars is written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King?
Have you read The Fault in Our Stars? It's a Thriller.
It was written by J.R.R.R Tolkien.
Sure, I can do that.
Sure, do you like the book because it is written by Rebecca Wells or because it is a thriller?
Broken Silence was released in 2011.
You are welcome!
Sure! Pandemonium is written by Lauren Oliver and released in 2012. Do you like her books?
Do you like the genre of speculative fiction?
The Monkey House was written by J.R.R Tolkien. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Yes, I do like her music. Did you know she also starred in a couple of movies? She's a great actress.
That's a good one. I think she's a great singer and a musician too.
Yes, she was a singer and a musician.
Yes she did. She also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
That's a great musical. Did you know that Madonna also starred in a movie called Justify My Love?
Sure! Burn After Reading was written by J.R.R.R Tolkien and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I'm not sure, but I do know it was released in 2005.
You're welcome!
Sure, En Man Som Heter Ove was written by Henning Koch and released in 2012.
Yes, it is in English.
Yes, Henning Koch also wrote Untamed Hearts, which is a novel.
Sure, do you like Crime Fiction or Crime Fiction?
Zoo is a crime fiction novel written by James Patterson.
Yes, Agatha Christie also wrote Apocalypto.
Do you like Forrest Gump because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Yes, he was in Forrest Gump. Have you seen it? It is a great movie.
I'm not sure who directed Cast Away, but if you like Tom Hanks, he also directed the movie, he also directed The Incredible Hulk.
You're welcome!
Yes, Darren Aronofsky directed The Secret Agent. Have you seen that one?
The Wrestler is starring Evan Rachel Wood and Evan Rachel Wood
Darren Aronofsky starred in the Wrestler
Yes, he directed a lot of great films. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Apocalypse Now has a genre of Thriller and Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Apocalypse Now has a genre of Thriller.
Do you like Mr. Smith because it is a comedy or because it is a comedy?
Date Night is a comedy/romance film.
Then you might like Zoolander. It is also a comedy.
You're welcome!
Yes, Hayley Atwell is a writer and a musician. Do you like her work?
The Pillars of the Earth also starred Robert De Niro. Do you like him?
The Pillars of the Earth is a comedy. Do you like comedy?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I'm a fan of the Baltimore Ravens. I'm a fan of the Baltimore Ravens. Do you like them?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they play in the National Football League. Do you like them?
Yes, he's a great quarterback. I think he's a great quarterback.
Mad Max Fury is starring Hugh Jackman and Jennifer Lawrence. Do you like them?
Yes, he also starred in The Brave One. Have you seen it?
Yes, he is a father of a child and a father.
Yes, Nicky Katt also starred in The Brave One.
You're welcome
Sure, E Lockhart wrote The Secret History of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. Have you read any of these?
We Were Liars was released in 2005
We Were Liars was written by E. Lockhart and released in 2014
You're welcome!
Seven Pounds is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure! Do you like books by J.R.R Tolkien?
Yes, it's a Thriller.
Yes, it's a Thriller. It was produced by Leonard Goldberg.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Gareth Bale is a football player from England. Are you a fan?
Yes, he's a Midfielder. He's also a forward.
Yes, he is from Wales. He was born in Wales.
Sia Furler is a singer-songwriter, songwriter, and songwriter. Do you like her?
I think she's a great artist. I think she's a great artist.
Yes, she's a very talented artist. She's also a voice producer and a producer.
Yes, Misery is written by J.R.R Tolkien and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
No, I haven't seen it but I think it is a good psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he also starred in a movie called The Silence of the Lambs. Have you seen it?
Emily Griffin is an American professional basketball player who plays point guard position.
Where we belong was released in 2012.
Joe Cocker also starred in Where we Belong.
You're welcome!
Sure, Kazuo Ishiguro wrote The Last Man and The Last Man. Have you read either of those?
He also wrote When We Were Orphans. Have you heard of it?
Yes, Zoe's Tale is similar to Zoe's Tale.
You're welcome!
I know he plays for the Poland national football team. Do you like soccer?
He plays on the Poland national football team
Yes he was born in Poland
Sure! Kiera Cass wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you read it?
The Selection is a novel written by Kiera Cass. It was released in 1891.
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
You're welcome!
Do you like X-Men because it is a sci-fi or action film?
Have you seen the X-Men series? It's a Sci-Fi movie.
The first XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Yes, XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Yes, Gone Girl is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like those genres?
Gillian Flynn also wrote "Sharp Objects" and "Sharp Objects".
You're welcome!
Do you like it because it is a Sci-Fi movie or because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Yes, Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, it's a fiction movie.
The Tipping Point is a Speculative fiction novel written by J.R.R Tolkien
Malcolm Gladwell also wrote The Power of Thinking Without Thinking. Have you read that one?
Yes he did, he also wrote The Power of Thinking Without Thinking. Have you heard of that one?
You're welcome!
Sure! Doug Liman directed The Assassination of Azkaban. Have you seen that one?
Fair Game is written by Valerie Plame. It is a Thriller.
Xenocide is a good action film.
Fair Game is written by Valerie Plame. Valerie Plame wrote Fair Game.
He directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest and Amadeus. Have you seen either of those?
Yes he did and he also directed Amadeus
Sure, I can do that.
Sure, do you like the book because it was written by C.S. Lewis?
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is a novel written by J.R.R. Tolkien.
The Silver Chair was released in 2011. It is a fantasy novel.
You're welcome!
I think he is a cricket player from India. Do you like cricket?
I don't know much about cricket but I think he is a great player. I think he's a great player.
I have heard of him. He's a great cricket player from South Australia. I think he's a great player.
I think he is a great singer and a musician. Do you like him?
Yes, he has starred in a lot of movies. He also starred in a lot of movies. Have you seen any of those?
Yes he has starred in a number of movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
A Million Little Pieces was written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King?
He also wrote A Million Little Pieces. Have you read it?
You're welcome!
You're welcome.
Sure! Michael Crichton wrote The Crucible. Have you read that one?
he has written a number of books. Xenocide, Xenocide and Xenocide
A Killing in Zion is a novel written by Andrew Hunt
You're welcome
I don't know much about him, but I know he plays for the Germany national football team.
I'm a fan of the German national football team, but I don't know much about him. I'm a fan of football.
I like basketball. I'm a fan of American Football. What sport do you like?
Sure, Ken Kesey wrote The Secret of the World. Have you read that one?
Yes, Ken Kesey wrote Go Further.
Sometimes a Great Notion is written by Woody Harrelson.
Yes, I can. It is a great book.
Sure! Paulo Coelho is a writer who wrote The Last Man and The Last Man. Have you read either of those?
I don't know anything else he wrote but he did write El Aleph. Do you like him?
It's a speculative fiction novel.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is an American professional football player who plays for the New England Patriots.
I'm not sure who else starred in Stuck on You.
She also starred in a movie called X-Men 2.
American Sniper is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
He also starred in X-Men Origins: Apocalypse.
It's a drama. Do you like comedy?
You're welcome!
Yes, Martin Scorsese wrote The Last Stand. Have you seen that one?
Yes, I like Gangs of New York. Do you like Gangs of New York because it is a comedy?
Yes, Step Brothers is a great Scorsese film. Have you seen it?
The funny side of Step Brothers is also a comedy. Have you seen it?
It's a comedy. It also stars Robert De Niro
It's a great adventure movie. The plot is based on a novel by John CReilly.
You're welcome!
Yes, Toy Story 2 is written by J.R.R Tolkien. Do you like his work?
The Toy Story 2 is a Romantic Comedy. Have you seen it?
Tom Hanks also produced Larry Crowne. Have you seen that one?
Larry Crowne is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is a great comedy. You should check it out.
You're welcome!
Star Wars: Episode I - The Phantom Menace is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Liam Neeson also starred in Star Wars: Episode II - The Phantom Menace. Have you seen it?
The Lord of the Rings is written by Liam Neeson and is a fantasy film.
You're welcome!
I'm a fan of the Cleveland Browns, but I don't know much about them. Are they a football team?
I'm not a big fan of the Browns, but I think he's a good coach.
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. I'm a fan of the Dallas Cowboys.
I'm a fan of the Red Sox, but I'm not a huge fan of the Red Sox. Do you like them?
Yes, John Farrell is from Monmouth Beach.
That's a great place to visit. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, she was great in that movie. I like her in The Doors. Have you seen it?
John Seelye wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
Yes, Mark Twain wrote both The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
You're welcome!
Do you like sci-fi or sci-fi?
Do you like it because it is a sci-fi or because it is a sci-fi?
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban?
Goonies is starring J.K. Rowling and J.K. Rowling.
I think she is one of the best rappers of all time.
I'm not sure about her, but I do know he is a musician.
I'm not sure about Woohoo, but I do know he is a rapper and a musician.
Yes, it's a great book written by J.R.R Tolkien.
Yes, I like fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, I like thrillers. Do you like thrillers?
Do you like Dr. Seuss because it is a Speculative fiction novel?
Theodore Lesieg wrote Theodore and Theodore Lesieg
I don't have that information, but I do know The Lorax was released in 2005
The Lorax is a great fiction book
I hope you enjoy
I'm not a huge fan of the Kansas City Chiefs. I'm a fan of the Kansas City Chiefs. Do you like them?
I'm a fan of the Washington Redskins. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like them?
Yes, Never let me go is a book written by Stephen King. Do you like him?
Kazuo Ishiguro also wrote Never Let Me Go. Have you read it?
Yes, he has produced a movie called When We Were Orphans. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote Where the Wild Things Are. Have you read that one?
It was released in 2010
It is a Thriller
You're welcome
Yes, Stieg Larsson is a great writer. Do you like him?
Stieg Larsson also wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes. Have you read that one?
Yes, he also wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes. Have you read that one?
Sure! Akira Kurosawa directed Akira Kurosawa. She also directed Akira Kurosawa. Have you seen it?
Yes, Yojimbo is starring Yojimbo. It is a sci-fi film.
Toshiro Mifuni starred in Toshiro Mifuni, Isu Yamada, Yoko Tsucasa. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Oldboy is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Confessions has genre Thriller. what else can i do for you today?
yes i can. what else can i do for you today?
you are welcome. anything else I can do for you?
I'm a fan of the Jaguars, but I don't know much about them. Do you like them?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like the Dallas Cowboys?
What do you think of the Cowboys owner, Shahid Khan?
Yes, he is a great singer. Do you like him because he is a singer?
No, I haven't seen Men in Black II. Do you like his music?
Yes, he also starred in a movie called X-Men Origins.
Do you like Scream because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Great! Max Brooks also starred in X-Men Origins: Apocalypse.
Brad Pitt also starred in World War Z. Have you seen it?
I'm a fan of the Red Sox, but I don't know much about them. Do you like them?
I'm not a fan of the Baltimore Orioles. I'm a fan of the Red Sox. I think they're a good team.
They're a good team. They're a pretty good team. They're a good team. They're a good team.
Timur Bekmambetov directed The Incredible Hulk and The Incredible Hulk. Have you seen those?
Sure, it was directed by Timur Bekmambetov and is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he directed The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Hugh Jackman starred in the X-Men 2 and X-Men 2 as well.
Yes, he wrote Van Helsing. Do you like Stephen Sommers?
Sure! Douglas Adams is an American professional basketball player who plays point guard for the Seattle Seahawks.
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy was released in 1986
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy was released in 2005.
You're welcome
Sure, The Godfather is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
He also wrote The Godfather. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Marlon Brando also wrote Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that?
He also wrote Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that one?
Did you know he also wrote Apocalypse Now?
Have you seen Apocalypse Now? It's a classic.
I'm a fan of the Green Bay Packers, but I don't know much about them. Are they a Packers team?
Yes, he founded the New England Patriots and the New England Patriots. Do you like him?
I'm not sure if he's from Pittsburgh, but I think he's from Pittsburgh.
I'm not a fan of the Bears, but I'm a fan of the Bears.
I'm not sure about the Dolphins, but I think they are doing well this year.
I'm a fan of baseball. I'm a fan of baseball. What do you think of the Bears?
Sure! 500 Days of Summer is a Speculative fiction novel written by J.R.R Tolkien.
Yes, Pruitt Taylor Vince also starred in Beautiful Creatures. Have you seen it?
Sure! You Again is a great romance movie. It was released in 2005. It is a great movie.
Yes, The Namesake was written by J.R.R.R. Tolkien and is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
The Namesake is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Sure, Xenocide is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Sure, I will do that.
Sure, he starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen that one?
Born to Be Wild is a drama. It also starred Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. Blake Shelton is a singer, songwriter and songwriter. Do you like him?
I'm not sure about his record label, but I do know he was born in Nashville, Tennessee.
I'm not sure where his career started, but I do know he's from Nashville.
Sure! Sara Shepard wrote The Secret Life and Life of Pi. Have you read either of those?
Yes, there was a TV series called Pretty Little Liars, which was also made to a movie.
Pretty Little Liars has a genre of teen drama. Do you like teen dramas?
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them, but I know they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like them?
I'm a fan of American Football. I'm a fan of American Football. I'm a fan of American Football.
That's a great college football team. Do you have a favorite team?
Yes, I am a fan of the Pittsburgh Steelers. Do you like the Steelers?
Yes, he's a great coach. He's also a coach for the Pittsburgh Steelers.
Yes, he's a great quarterback for the Buccaneers. Did you know he was born in Tampa Bay?
Yes, Ridley Scott is a writer and a screenwriter. Do you like him?
It's a great movie. It was written by Roberto Orci. Do you like his work?
I'll send it now.
You are welcome!
Sure! Laura Esquivel wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you read that one?
It was released in 1989
Yes she did. She was also a writer.
You're welcome
The Memory Keeper's Daughter is written by Kim Edwards and released in 2005.
She wrote The Memory Keeper's Daughter
You're welcome
Yes, he wrote A Confederacy of Dunces. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it's a great movie.
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Agatha Christie is a writer and author. Are you a fan of her work?
It was released in 1922
You are welcome
Yes, he wrote Romeo and Juliet. Have you read any of his works?
What You Will is written by William Shakespeare. It was released in 1818.
You're welcome!
Yes, Morten Tyldum directed The Imitation Game and Headhunters.
The Headhunters is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
You're welcome!
Sure! And The Mountains Echoed was written by Khaled Hosseini and released in 2012.
Khaled Hosseini also wrote A Thousand Splendid Suns. Have you read it?
You're welcome!
I'm not sure if he's a basketball player but I do know he's a point guard.
Sure, he is a great director and a director. He is also a director and a director.
La La Land is a Speculative fiction novel written by Damien Chazelle and is a Speculative fiction novel
You're welcome.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, she starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
It's a romantic comedy. It was released in 2005.
Sure! Is there anything else I can do for you?
I think he's a great actor. He was born in New York City. Do you like him?
It's a great movie. It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes Mila Kunis was also in that show
Yes, it is a great book written by J.R.R Tolkien. Do you like it?
Monkey House is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
Yes, To Kill a Mockingbird is written by Harper Lee. Do you like Harper Lee?
To Kill a Mockingbird is a drama. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by J.R.R Tolkien.
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Last Lecture.
Sure, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, he directed a lot of great films. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Wackness is a Thriller and Drama.
The Wackness is starring Kristy Swanson. It's a comedy.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it is a great book written by J.R.R Tolkien.
Yes, he also wrote The Pirates and Treasures of the High Seas. Have you read any of these?
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Kidnapped was released in 1882.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Kidnapped is a good one.
Sure! Roman Polanski directed a lot of great films. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Sure, he directed The Hunger Games. Have you seen it?
Chinatown
Yes, The Hunger Games series is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
Sure, Jack London starred in a number of movies. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, White Fang was also made into a movie. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. Do you like it because it is a Thriller?
Seth Rogan also starred in Zookeeper. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he was. He also starred in a comedy called The Hunger Games.
Judd Apatow also starred in Zookeeper. Have you seen that one?
I don't have that information, but I do know Spider-man was released in 2012.
Sure! Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley wrote Frankenstein.
The Modern Prometheus is a Romance novel.
I am not sure about that, but I do know that it was written in English.
You're welcome!
Fight Club is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote Im Westen nichts Neues and Im Westen nichts Neues.
He was a translator, translator and translator. He also translated the works of A.W. Wheen.
You're welcome.
Yes, he directed a lot of great films. He also directed a movie called The Last Man. Have you seen it?
Yes, Denzel Washington starred in The Siege and The Last Samurai.
Yes, Denzel Washington also directed The Last Samurai. Do you like Denzel Washington movies?
Yes, Snoop Dogg was in that film as well. He was also in The Siege.
Yes, he was in Volcano High.
You're welcome!
I'm a fan of the Mets. I'm a fan of the Mets. Do you like them?
I don't know much about baseball, but I do know he is from Brooklyn and is a baseball player.
I'm not a huge fan of the Dodgers, but I think they are a pretty good team. Do you like them?
Sure! Stephen J. Dubner wrote a book called The Fugitive. Have you read that one?
I'm not sure when it was released, but I do know it was released in 2005.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information, but I can tell you that it was released in 2009.
Sure, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he's a great writer. He was born in Rio de Janeiro. Do you like his work?
Yes, Eli Wallach also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
Yes, he also starred in The Ghost Writer and Mystic River. Have you seen either?
Yes, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly and The Other Boleyn Girl are both great movies.
Yes, I can. You might like The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. It's a great action film.
You're welcome!
Kurt Vonnegut Jr. wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you read it?
I don't have any other information on this book, but I do know he wrote The Monkey House.
Then you might like The Last Samurai. It is also speculative fiction.
Sure, he directed A Bug's Life. Have you seen that one?
The one starred in Million Dollar Baby. It's a great movie.
Yes, he also starred in Zookeeper. Have you seen that one?
Do you like Djimon Hounsou because he is a scientist or a scientist?
I'm not sure when it came out, but I do know it was written by J.J. Hounsou.
It was written by J.R.R.R Tolkien and was released in 2005.
Sure, Brad Garrett starred in a lot of great movies. He also starred in XXXX. Have you seen it?
Underdog is a thriller starring Brad Garrett. It was released in 2005.
Jay Leno also starred in X-Men Origins: Apocalypse Now. Have you seen it?
I'm not a fan of the Eagles, but I think they are a good team. Do you like them?
I'm not sure who owns the Philadelphia Eagles, but I do know they are owned by John Fox.
I'm a Cowboys fan. I'm a Cowboys fan. Do you like Cowboys?
I like the Patriots. I'm a Patriots fan. I like the Cowboys.
Sure! Ara Celi starred in American Beauty. Have you seen that one?
Sam Mendes also starred in American Beauty. Have you seen it?
Yes, it's considered a Thriller, Drama, and Drama.
The Incredible Hulk is written by Stephen King. Do you like him? He also wrote The Incredible Hulk.
The Incredible Hulk is a sci-fi action movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Do you like Die Hard because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Then you might like Die Hard. It's a great action movie. Have you seen it?
Do you like World War Z because it is a sci-fi or because it is a sci-fi movie?
Brad Pitt also starred in X-Men Origins: Apocalypse. Have you seen it?
You're welcome
Yes, Peter Krause starred in The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen that one?
Yes, she also starred in We Don't Live Here Anymore. Have you seen it?
Naomi Watts also starred in We Don't Live Here Anymore.
Yes, X-Men Origins: Wolverine is written by Roberto Orci. Do you like him?
Yes, he also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen it?
It's a great movie with Ryan Reynolds. It's a Thriller. It's also a Thriller.
You're welcome!
Louis Leterrier directed a number of films. He directed a number of great films. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Transporter has a genre Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
He also directed A Girl Cut in Two which is a romantic comedy.
Good Will Hunting is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Buffy the Vampire Slayer is starring Robert Downey Jr..
Yes, Ben Affleck wrote and directed it.
Yes, The Town is a horror movie.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Gustave Flaubert. Have you read any of his books?
Madame Bovary is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like speculative fiction?
It was released in 1856.
It is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
It is a novel written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
You're welcome.
Sure, Collateral starred Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks or Tom Hanks?
Sure! Eyes Wide Shut is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, Tom Cruise also starred in the Thriller movie, he also starred in the Thriller, The Incredible Hulk, and The Incredible Hulk.
I'm not sure when it was released.
You're welcome!
Bruce Willis starred in Die Hard with a Vengeance. Have you seen it?
Bruce Willis starred in Die Hard with a Vengeance. Have you seen it?
There are so many great action movies like Die Hard with a Vengeance. Do you like Bruce Willis movies?
I hope you enjoy it
Yes, he is a composer and composer. Do you like his music?
Do you like him because he is a composer?
I don't know a lot about him but I do know he is a composer from Nevada.
Sure! Leonard Nimoy starred in Zookeeper. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he was in all the Star Trek movies
Siddhartha is written by Siddhartha. Do you like Siddhartha?
Sure, Hilda Rosner also wrote A Confederacy of Dunces. Have you read that one?
It came out in 1922.
You're welcome.
Yes, he is a great actor. Do you like him because he starred in a lot of movies?
Yes, I like Jamie Lee Curtis and Dwayne Johnson. Do you like him?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he's a great actor. He starred in a lot of movies. Do you like him as a director?
I haven't read that one, but I think it was a great adventure movie.
Yes, you are correct. Michelle Paver also starred in Wolf Brother. Have you seen that one?
Yes, it's a great fantasy film. You should check it out.
The Strange Case of dr. Jekyll and mr. Hyde was written by J.R.R. Tolkien. Do you like his work?
It was written in 1922.
You're welcome
Yes, he also wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you read it?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a member of the Rockets.
He was born in Winston-Salem, NC.
Yes, he's a point guard, he's a point guard.
Sure, he wrote A Confederacy of Dunces. Have you read either of those?
Yes, do you like books written by McCourt?
You're welcome.
Silence of the Lambs is written by J.R.R Tolkien and is a Speculative fiction novel.
He also wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you read that one?
It was released in 2010. It is a great thriller.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them but I do know they are coached by Jose Mourinho. Do you like them?
I don't know much about them, but I think he plays for Real Madrid C.F.
I don't know much about soccer but I know he plays for Real Madrid.
Sure, Jack London wrote The Last Man and The Last Man. Have you read either of those?
White Fang is a great fiction book. Do you like fiction books?
I haven't seen Million Dollar Baby. Did you like Million Dollar Baby because it's a comedy?
Yes, he was in Amelia with Richard Gere. Do you like Richard Gere?
That's a great show. Did you know she also starred in the TV show Beverly Hills?
That's a great boxing movie. Did you know Peter Jason starred in it?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Do you like comedies because it is a comedy?
I'm not sure when it was released. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, J.K. Rowling wrote Fanstatic Beasts. Have you read it?
Yes, Maurice Hindle is a writer and a screenwriter. Have you heard of him?
Have you heard of the classic Frankenstein? It's a great book.
There are so many great young-adult fiction books. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
The Divergent Series is a young-adult fiction novel written by J.K. Rowling.
You're welcome!
Yes, he starred in The Incredible Hulk and The Incredible Hulk. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, he wrote Shrek 2 and he also wrote Shrek 2. Have you seen them?
I'm a fan of the Mets. I'm a fan of the Mets. Do you like the Mets?
I'm not sure about the number of ballparks in the New York Mets' stadium, but I'm a fan of the Mets.
I'm not sure about Minute Maid, but I do know that he's a member of the National Football League.
Sure, he starred in The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen that one?
Yes, it is a TV series and it is a comedy.
I don't know much about Chealsea, but I do know she is a tennis player. Do you like her?
I'm a huge fan of the New England Patriots, but I'm not sure who is the best team.
I'm not a huge fan of American Football, but I'm a huge fan of American Football. Is there anything else I can help with?
Sure! King Kong is a sci-fi thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Yes, he starred in King Kong. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure about that.
I'm a fan of the Denver Broncos. I'm a fan of the Denver Broncos. Do you like them?
Yes, he's a great coach. I think he's a great coach. Do you like him?
Yes, he played for the Denver Broncos. Did you know he was born in Denver?
You should check out Shark Night. It's a great drama film.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I don't know much about MBA, but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer and Mike Zimmer.
I'm not a fan of Field of Dreams. I'm a fan of the New York Mets.
I think he is a basketball player from Chicago. Do you like basketball?
I don't know much about him, but I know he is a basketball player.
I have not seen Kevin Durant, but he is a basketball player
Yes, Men in Black is written by J.R.R Tolkien and is a romance film. Do you like romance films?
Yes, if you like sci-fi films, you might like The Hunger Games or The Hunger Games.
I'm not sure about Men in Black, but I do know that Lowell Cunningham also wrote Men in Black.
You're welcome!
Sure! Do you like Batman Begins because it's a Thriller?
Yes, The Dark Knight has a sequel called Batman Begins.
You're welcome
Yes, he wrote a book called The Hobbit. Have you read that one?
I'm not sure when they were released.
Sure! Kurt Vonnegut Jr. wrote A Confederacy of Dunces. Have you read either of those?
The Monkey House is a Speculative fiction novel
Yes, you might like The Dark Knight Rises by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
Sure! American History X is a sci-fi film. Do you like sci-fi films?
Lake of Fire is written by Tony Kaye.
Lake of Fire is a Speculative fiction film directed by Tony Kaye
You're welcome
Sure,  is written by E.V. Rieu.
is written by E.V. Rieu.
He wrote The Flattered Flying Fish and Other Poems in 1962
Yes, she wrote The Secret Life and Life of Pi. Have you read either of those?
Wild: From Lost to Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail is a fiction novel.
You're welcome
You Give a Mouse a Cookie is written by Laura Joffe Numeroff and was released in 1985.
Yes. If you give a mouse a mouse a mouse to the Movies, If You Give a Mouse a Cookie is written by J.K. Rowling.
You're welcome!
Do you like Eyes Wide Shut because it is a sci-fi or a sci-fi movie?
If you like that genre, you should check out the movie Eyes Wide Shut. It is also a thriller.
I don't have that information, but I do know that it is a thriller.
You're welcome!
Sure! Charles Duhigg wrote A Confederacy of Dunces. Have you read that one?
The Power of Habit is written by Charles Duhigg and is a Speculative fiction novel
Sure, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! The Godfather is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he is a great basketball player. Do you like him?
Yes, he is. He's also a member of the NBA.
I'm a fan of the Chicago Bulls. I think they are a good team. Do you like them?
I'm not sure who are the top players in the NBA. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, they will make the playoffs this year
You're welcome
Dear John is written by John Scalzi and is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he also wrote True Believer. Have you read it?
You're welcome!
Do you like Crescendo because it is a thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Sure, do you like it because it's a romance or because it's a romance novel?
Jane Austen also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
Sure, Persuasion is a romance novel written by Jane Austen and was released in 1891.
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. I love Linkin Park because it's a comedy. Do you like that genre?
I haven't heard of Meteora, but I know a couple of Meteora albums. Do you like any of them?
Sure! Andrew Stanton directed a lot of great films. He also directed a lot of great films. Have you seen any of those?
Sure! Finding Nemo was directed by Andrew Stanton. It's a Thriller.
Yes, Ellen DeGeneres also starred in WALL-E.
You are welcome!
Yes, he starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
That's right. Jennifer Hale also starred in The Powerpuff Girls.
The Powerpuff Girls is a great family movie. it also stars Jennifer Hale. Do you like her movies?
you're welcome!
Yes, he is a cricket player from India. Do you like cricket?
He is a cricket player from India. He plays for the Mumbai Indians and is from India.
Yes he wrote Hunger Game and he was also a cricket player. Have you seen that one?
Yes he is a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers.
Yes he is! He's a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers.
Yes, he's a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks. Do you have a favorite team?
Yes, The King's Speech is written by John Scalzi. It is a Thriller.
Yes, she also starred in The King's Speech. Have you seen it?
Yes, that was a great mini-series.
Yes, she is a great singer. Do you like her music?
Yes, I like Sia Furler. She is a singer, songwriter, and songwriter.
She is a very talented singer. She is also a musician.
I'm a fan of the Chicago Bears. I'm a fan of the Chicago Bears. Do you like them?
I think he's a great quarterback for the Cowboys, but I'm not a fan of the Cowboys. Do you like Cowboys?
That's great! I'm a fan of the Cowboys, but I'm a fan of the Cowboys. Do you like the Cowboys?
I think he's a great basketball player. Do you like basketball?
I think he is a point guard for the Oklahoma City Thunders.
Yes, he does. He is also a point guard as well.
Hayley Atwell starred in Zookeeper. Have you seen that one?
The Pillars of the Earth has genre Thriller. Do you like Thriller?
The Pillars of the Earth has genre Thriller. Do you like comedies?
You're welcome!
Yes, he starred in the movie Brokeback Mountain. Have you seen it?
Yes. End of Watch is starring Heath Ledger. Heath Ledger is also in End of Watch.
I don't know much about them, but I know they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I'm not a huge fan of Lovie Smith, but I think he's a great coach.
I'm not a fan of football but I do like football. Do you like football?
Do you like Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire because it is a fantasy novel?
Sure! J.K. Rowling also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Have you read either of those?
That's a great book by J.K. Rowling. She also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
You're welcome!
Sure! Woody Allen starred in a number of movies. Have you seen any of them?
To Rome With Love is written by Woody Allen. It's a romance film. Do you like romance films?
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like him because he starred in the movie, or because he starred in it?
Yes, do you like it because it's a cartoon?
Yes, it's a great comedies. I think you will like it. It's a comedy.
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you read it?
The Virgin Suicides is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
The Virgin Suicides was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like it because it is a comedy or because it is a comedy?
He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Mindy Kaling also starred in This Is the End.
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote a lot of great books. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Sure, Miranda Richardson starred in Gideon's Daughter. She also starred in Xenocide. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Phantom of the opera is a fantasy novel.
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. She is a great singer. Do you like her music?
Yes, I like that one. I like her song Xenocide. Have you heard it?
Yes, it is a great song. Do you like it?
Inception was directed by Christopher Nolan. Do you like his work?
Yes, Christopher Nolan directed and directed The Prestige.
Christopher Nolan directed The Dark Knight Rises, which is a Sci-Fi film.
The Dark Knight Rises is a sci-fi film. Have you seen it?
Waterworld is a sci-fi film. It's a Thriller.
You're welcome!
Dani Alves is an athlete who plays for the Brazil national football team.
Yes, he plays for the French club Paris Saint-Germain and he is a midfielder.
I'm not a huge fan of the Bears, but I think they're doing well this year.
I think they are doing well this year. I'm not a fan of the Bears.
I think he is doing well this year. I think he's doing well this year.
Sure! Do you like that genre because it's a thriller or because it's a thriller?
Charles Dickens wrote the book in 1818.
Yes, he also wrote A Tale of Two Cities. Have you read that one?
Great Expectations is a novel by Charles Dickens. A Tale of Two Cities was released in 1818.
It's about working class. It was released in 1818.
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. She is a great actress. Do you like her work?
Yes, she also wrote The Sword and The Sword. Have you read either of those?
Sure, The Siren is a young-adult fiction novel written by Kierra Cass.
You're welcome!
Do you like Mission Impossible - Ghost Protocol because it is a sci-fi movie?
Yes, it is. Do you like it because it is action packed?
Yes, you might enjoy The Last Man or The Avengers. Both are great Romance films.
You're welcome!
Sure! Nineteen Eighty-Four is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Animal Farm was written by George Orwell and released in 1949. Do you like his work?
You're welcome!
Yes, Gabriel Garcia Marquez wrote A Confederacy of Dunces. Have you read that one?
Yes, he wrote a lot of books. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That book was written by Robert De Niro. It's a great book.
Well, if you like Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, you might also like A Savage Journey to the Heart of the American Dream. Have you read that one?
You're welcome!
Adam Brown starred in a lot of movies. He also starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen those?
The Hobbit was released in 2004. Would you like to watch it?
You're welcome!
Sure! Bradley Cooper starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen either of those?
Sure! The Woods is a Thriller and a Thriller.
The Words is a Thriller and was released in 2012. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure! The Hobbit was written by J.R.R Tolkien. Do you like J.R.R Tolkien?
Think and Grow Rich is a novel. what else can i do for you today?
yes he wrote Think and Grow Rich. what else can i do for you today?
you are welcome. anything else i can do for you?
Edgar Allan Poe wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you read that one?
Raven was released in 1891.
You are welcome.
I know he plays for the Spain national football team. Do you like football?
I don't know if that is FC Barcelona, but I do know he is a midfielder.
I'm not sure about that, but I do know he is from Barcelona.
Do you like Aladdin because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
X-Men Origins: Wolverine
It is a good movie
He directed a lot of great films. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The Good Thief also starred Robert Downey Jr. and Robert De Niro.
Yes, he did. The End of the Affair is a drama/romance film.
You're welcome!
Quentin Tarantino directed The Matrix Revisited and The Matrix Revolutions.
Yes, he was in Grindhouse. Have you seen Grindhouse 2?
Rob Zombie also starred in XXXX. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Do you like Downfall because it's a thriller or because it's a thriller?
The Baader Meinhof Complex is starring Robert Downey Jr. and Robert Downey Jr.
The Baader Meinhof Complex is written by Bernd Eichinger and starred Alexandra Maria Lara.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a great singer. Do you like him because he is an artist?
Did you know Nicki Minaj is a singer? He's a great singer.
That's a great song! I like her new song XXXX. Have you seen it?
Yes, it was written by Cassandra Clare and Cassandra Clare
Cassandra Clare also wrote City of Heavenly Fire. Have you read it?
Yes, Mortal Instruments is a series.
You're welcome
Sure! Dress Your Family in Corduroy and Denim was written by J.R.R.R Tolkien and is a Speculative fiction novel.
Yes, it is a comedy. Do you like comedy books?
You're welcome!
Sure! Fred Willard starred in a lot of great films. He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen it?
Youth in Revolt has genre Thriller.
You're welcome
You're welcome
You're welcome
Blood Diamond is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Robert De Niro is also in that movie.
The Lord of War was released in 2004.
Yes, CCH Pounder starred in X-Men Origins: Apocalypse. Have you seen it?
He also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine.
Yes, he starred in Mortal Instruments.
Yes, The Devil Wears Prada was written by John Scalzi and starred in The Devil Wears Prada
Meryl Streep also starred in The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen it?
Yes, she was in that movie as well. She also starred in The Iron Lady.
You're welcome!
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was released in 2010.
I don't know, but I do know that Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was written by J.K. Rowling.
Louis Sachar starred in The Matrix Revolutions, The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
Then you might like Xenocide, or Xenocide. Have you read any of these?
You're welcome!
Sure! Dan Gilroy wrote The Expendables. Have you seen that one?
The Bourne Legacy is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
Sure, The Bourne Legacy is a great action movie. You might like The Bourne Legacy.
Yes, Hayao Miyazaki directed a movie called Xenocide. Have you seen it?
Ponyo is a great adventure film, have you seen it?
Yes, Hayao Miyazaki starred in Ponyo, have you seen it?
Yes, Yûki Amami is an anime film, have you seen it?
Yes, he directed a lot of great films. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
I'm not sure who starred in There Will Be Blood. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Sure! Paula Hawkins wrote The Matrix Revisited and The Matrix Revolutions.
Sure, The Girl on the Train is written by Paula Hawkins and is a Speculative fiction novel.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
The Girl on the Train is a drama book written by Paula Hawkins.
You're welcome!
The Bad Beginning is a Speculative fiction novel written by J.R.R Tolkien
Have you read The Bad Beginning? It's a mystery novel.
Yes, he wrote Violets Are Blue
You're welcome
Vladimir Naokov is a writer and author. Do you like Vladimir Naokov because he is a journalist?
Pinn has written a number of books, including The Matrix Revisited and The Matrix Revisited.
Yes he did
Pinn has genre Speculative fiction
you are welcome
Memoirs of a Geisha was written by George R.R.R Tolkien. It was released in 1891.
Memoirs of Geisha is written by Stephen King
Yes he wrote Memoirs of a Geisha
You are welcome
I don't know much about him, but I know he is a boxer and a boxer.
Yes, he wrote Scream 4.
Yes, Courteney Cox starred in Slasher. It's a Thriller.
That's right! That's a great sitcom. It's also a comedy.
Green Eggs and Ham was written by J.R.R Tolkien.
Wocket in my Pocket is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
That's right! It was released in 1958.
Sure! Kung Fu Panda is a Speculative fiction novel written by J.R.R.R Tolkien.
He also starred in X-Men Origins: Apocalypse.
Yes he was in Superbad with Emma Stone.
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote The Voyage of Style. Have you read that one?
Sure, do you like it because it's a romance or because it's a crime fiction?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information, but I can tell you that it is a comedy.
I don't have that information, but I do know he is a great actor.
Yes, it is a family movie starring Steve Martin. Do you like him?
You're welcome!
The Terminator is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
Yes, he was also in The Women of Brewster Place
Paul Winfield was also in The Women of Brewster Place.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
Natascha McElhone is an American professional tennis player who plays point guard position.
The Truman Show was released in 2005.
Deception Point was written by Christopher Paolini. Do you like his work?
Deception Point is a Thriller
Maurice Sendak has written a number of books. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Little Bear is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
Great, have you seen the Family Show? It is a great family show.
You're welcome!
Yes, I will play it for you.
He directed a lot of great films. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Inland Empire is a drama/romance.
Idiocracy is a sci-fi movie starring Tom Hanks.
Idiocracy was released in 2010.
Sure, I will do that.
You are welcome.
Sure, Gone with the Wind is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Gone with the Wind is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
It's a great movie. The Sound of Music was written by John Scalzi. Do you like his work?
You're welcome
Sure! Ellen Burstyn starred in a number of movies. She also starred in The Last Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Rafael Nadal is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Yes Serena is one of my favorite tennis players of all time. Do you like tennis?
Yes, he is a great player and he is a great player.
To Kill a Mockingbird is written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King?
To Kill a Mockingbird is a drama written by J.R.R Tolkien
You're welcome
I don't know much about her, but I know she is a singer and a musician.
Yes, I like her music. I like her music. What about you?
Yes, she's married to Carey Hart. She's also married to P.N.R. Martin.
Yes, Peter Gallagher starred in a number of movies. Have you seen any of them?
Yes, Sandra Bullock also starred in that movie.
He also starred in X-Men Origins: Apocalypse.
You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote The Matrix Revisited and The Matrix Revolutions.
The Portable Atheist is a science fiction novel.
Yes he wrote The Portable Atheist and Alice Adventures in Wonderland
You're welcome
Yes, he plays for the Colombia national football team. Do you like him?
Yes, he played on the Colombia National Football team. Do you like him?
Yes he was also on FC Porto
I think she's a great tennis player, but I don't know much about her. I think she's a great tennis player.
Yes, Brett Ratner was in that movie as well. I think he is a great actor.
That's a great thriller! Did you know Al Pacino also starred in a movie called Serena?
Sure! The Glass Castle was written by Jeannette Walls and released in 2005.
I'm not sure who wrote it, but I do know it was released in 1891.
I have not read any of her books. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, it is a fiction novel.
Yes. Lovely Bones was written by Alice Sebold and released in 2002
Yes, he wrote White Fang.
You're welcome!
I think she's a good tennis player, but I don't know much about her. Do you like tennis?
I don't know a lot about basketball, but I do know he is a professional tennis player.
I'm not sure about Hantuchova, but I do know that Hantuchova won the 2012 Olympics.
Yes. Usain Bolt is a very busy man. He was born in Mumbai.
Do you like Thor: The Dark World because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Thor: The Dark World is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
Chris Weitz starred in The Golden Compass. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it's a drama. Do you like it because it is a comedy?
Yes Wade Williams and Troy Garity both star in The Good Doctor.
Yes he did and he also starred in the thriller The Good Doctor. Have you seen it?
Breakfast of Champions is written by J.R.R Tolkien and is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like those genres?
That's a great book by Kurt Vonnegut Jr..
That's a great time travel book. Do you like Timequake books?
Yes, he directed a lot of movies. He directed a lot of movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Yes, John Sayles also directed The Spiderwick Chronicles. Have you seen it?
The Spiderwick Chronicles is a Thriller. It was released in 2010.
I think he's a great golfer. Do you like him?
I don't know much about Phil Mickelson, but he won the 2010 Masters Tournament. Do you like him?
I think he is a great actor. I think he is a musician.
Truman Capote has written a number of books. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes he did and he also starred in the movie. Have you seen it?
Yes he was in the movie and he also starred in a movie called The Fugitive. Have you seen it?
Yes, he wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement and Who Moved My Cheese?
It's a young-adult fiction book. Do you like that genre?
The One Minute Manager was written by Spencer Johnson. He also wrote The One Minute Manager and The One Minute Manager.
Yes, he starred in a lot of movies. He also starred in Zookeeper. Have you seen those?
Nowhere Boy is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks or Tom Hanks?
Nowhere Boy has a genre Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Do you like Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas because it's a thriller or because it's a thriller?
Yes, he wrote Hell's Angels. Have you seen it?
Yes, V for Vendetta is considered a political thriller and a political thriller.
Yes, she is a great actress. Did you know she also starred in a movie called Into the Wild?
The Last Runaway is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure if it's a movie, but I do know that it was written by Tracy Chevalier
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a great actor. Do you like him because he is a director?
Yes, Chris Owen also starred in The Mist. Have you seen it?
Yes he was in She's All That and National Lampoon Presents
Yes, Woody Allen also starred in Annie Hall. Have you seen Annie Hall?
Yes, he is an American professional footballer who plays for the Manchester United F.C. team.
I'm not sure who is the lead role in Bourne Legacy.
it is a Thriller
X-Men Origins: Wolverine
the Bourne Legacy is a Thriller
you are welcome
Sure! Where the Sidewalk Ends is written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King?
Shel Silverstein also wrote A Light in the Attic. Have you read it?
The Giving Tree is written by Shel Silverstein. Shel Silverstein also wrote The Giving Tree.
You're welcome
Yes, he is a singer and a musician. Do you like him?
I don't know any songs by Taylor Swift, but I do know Taylor Swift is a singer and a musician.
Yes, she is very talented. Do you like her?
Sure! Laura Hillenbrand wrote a book called The Great Gatsby. Have you read it?
Sure, Seabiscuit was released in 2010 and is a Speculative fiction novel.
You're welcome!
Sure! Oliver Stone directed The Assassination of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. Have you seen any of those?
The Doors stars Robert De Niro, Robert De Niro, and Robert De Niro.
Yes, it's a band based on the band.
You're welcome!
Patrick Rothfuss is a great author. He is a writer and a director. Do you like him?
He's a great author. He also wrote The Dark Knight Rises. Have you read either of those?
You're welcome!
Do you like Divergent because it's a Speculative fiction?
Yes, it's a Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he is a soccer player from Manchester and plays for the Manchester United F.C.
I know he plays for Manchester United F.C.
I don't know much about Thiago Silva, but I know he is a football player
I'm a fan of the Minnesota Vikings. I'm a fan of the Vikings. Do you like them?
Yes, I am a fan of the Minnesota Vikings. Do you like the Vikings?
I'm not sure who won the Superbowl XXXXXXXXXVIII.
Sure, do you like it because it's a Thriller or because it's a comedy?
Yes, she also starred in The Last Stand. Have you seen that one?
The Last Five Years, Scott Pilgrim vs. the World, and voice-acted in Trolls.
Yes, The Last Five Years is a great movie. She also starred in The Last Five Years and The Last Five Years.
The Last Five Years is also a Musical Comedy. The Last Five Years is also a Musical Comedy.
You're welcome!
Yes, E.H. Gormbrich is a writer and a director. Do you like his work?
Suresh Raina is a cricket player from India. Do you like cricket?
Yes, I am a fan of cricket. Do you like cricket?
Yes, he is a cricket player from India. Do you like cricket?
Sure! Scott Westerfeld starred in a number of films. Have you seen any of them?
The Uglies Trilogy is a novel written by Scott Westerfeld
Yes, there are a number of books released in 2007.
You're welcome
I think he's a great player. I think he's a midfielder for Spain.
He also plays for the Spain national football team. Do you like him?
Yes, Louis van Gaal coaches the Barcelona National Football team. I think he is a great coach.
That's interesting, I think he was a midfielder for the Netherlands national football team.
Sure! Joseph Heller wrote The Crucible. Have you read that one?
Yes, he wrote Catch-22. It's a war novel. Do you like war novels?
Sure! Fifty Shades Freed is written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King?
No, I haven't read Fifty Shades Darker. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Bared to You is written by E.L. James
It was released in 1891
You're welcome
Yes, Franz Kafka is a famous author and he wrote The Last Man. Have you heard of it?
It's a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Sure! Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption was written by Laurence Fishburne. Do you like her work?
Laura Hillenbrand also wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival. Have you read it?
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a great basketball player. Do you like basketball?
Yes, he wrote Braveheart. Have you seen it?
Yes, he directed Braveheart
Yes he wrote Braveheart which is a great historical drama. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is a great action film.
Sure! Martin Gardener wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you heard of it?
The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer was released in 2010.
Wreck This Journal was released in 2007. It's a fiction novel.
You're welcome!
I'm a fan of the Washington Redskins, but I don't know much about them. Do you like them?
That's right, he's a great coach. Did you know he was born in Oakland?
Yes Mike Sellers is still playing for the Oakland Raiders.
Sure! Girl with a Pearl Earring is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes, The Messenger is a sci-fi novel.
Snow Crash was written by J.R.R. Tolkien.
Do you like Tropic Thunder because it is a Sci-Fi movie or because it is a Thriller?
Ben Stiller also starred in The Cable guy. Have you seen it?
Yes, he also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
Yes, she wrote The Great Gabaldon Chronicles. Have you read any of her books?
Yes, Voyager was released in 2012.
Zero to One is a Thriller/Thriller.
You're welcome!
Renny Harlin directed a number of films. He also directed a number of films. Have you seen them?
I don't know, but I do know Renny Harlin directed Cutthroat Island
I'm not sure when it was released.
You're welcome
I'm not a huge fan of the Bears, but I think they are a pretty good team.
I'm not sure if they were in the AFC but they were runner ups in Super Bowl XLI.
That's a great team. I'm not a fan of the Bears, but I think they are doing well this year.
Sure! Doug Liman directed a number of great films. Have you seen it? It's a romantic comedy.
Yes, it was! It's a great drama.
I'm not sure who did the music for Fair Game. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm not sure who starred in Fair Game. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, John Henry Butterworth starred in Fair Game. It's a great movie.
Yes, he is an American professional basketball player. Do you like basketball?
Yes, he's married to Wwyane Wade. Do you like her?
Yes, he wrote Think Like a Man. Have you seen it?
Yes, it's a great movie. Do you like it because it's a science fiction movie?
I'm not sure who else starred in that movie, but I do know he also starred in a sci-fi movie called X-Men 2.
I don't have any examples of sci-fi. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he directed 300: rise of an empire. Have you seen it?
300: Rise of an Empire is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
Yes, it was released in 2010.
War is a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, she is the author of the movie.
I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome!
Yes, I am a fan of the Dodgers. Do you like the Dodgers?
He's a great basketball player. He's also a point guard for the Los Angeles Dodgers.
That's a good one. I think he's a great coach and he's a great coach.
Sure, Mervyn Peake wrote The Secret History of Bees. Have you read any of these?
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King?
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was released in 1943.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Doug Scott also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
You're welcome!
Sure! Their Eyes Were Watching God is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like Speculative fiction?
The Sword of Shannara is written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King?
I don't have any other information on Wideacre, but I can tell you that he also wrote The Sword of Shannara.
Paul Pogbado is an American professional footballer who plays for Manchester United F.C.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he plays for Manchester United. Do you like him?
I'm a fan of the Alabama Patriots. I'm a fan of the Alabama Patriots. Do you like the Alabama Patriots?
I'm not sure if they are a fan of American Football, but I'm sure they will be a good team.
Yes, he is a writer and a director. He was born in New York City. Do you like him?
Sure, The Grapes of Wrath is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like Speculative fiction?
Tropic of Cancer is a biographical novel. Do you like biographical novel?
you might like The Grapes of Wrath or The Grapes of Wrath. Both are fiction novels.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help with?
The Night Watch was written by John Steinbeck and was released in 2006.
You're welcome!
In Bruges is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
Yes, Tom Waits also starred in Seven Psychopaths.
She also starred in Seven Psychopaths. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
Yes, O Brother, Where Art Thou is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
Yes, she also starred in Thirteen. Have you seen it?
Yes, she also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
You're welcome!
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rick Riordan. It is a speculative fiction novel.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks was written by John Scalzi.
It was released in 2010 and is a drama/crime genre
Mr. Clarke also wrote The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
Yes, it was written by Henning Koch and released in 2012.
It was released in 2012 and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Do you like it because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Sure A New Hope has a genre of Action and Fantasy. Do you like those genres?
The Golden Compass is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Interstellar is written by J.R.R. Tolkien and is a fantasy film.
You are welcome
Sure! The Hungers Games: Catching Fire is written by J.R.R Tolkien and is a Speculative fiction novel.
Chris Weitz directed a number of great films. He also directed X-Men Origins:Wolverine.
Chris Weitz also starred in American Pie. Have you seen it?
She also starred in American Pie. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome
I don't know much about him but I do know he plays on the England national football team.
No, I haven't, but I'm a fan of tennis. What sport do you like?
I'm not sure about tennis but I do know he's a professional tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Sure! Melina Karakosta wrote Le Petit Prince.
Yes, Melina Karakosta also wrote Le Petit Prince.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry is a novel written by Melina Karakosta.
Sure! Do you like X-Men: The Last Stand because it is a sci-fi movie?
The Last Stand is a superhero movie, do you like superhero movies?
Logan is a sci-fi film starring X-Men Origins: Apocalypse, X-Men.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a great writer and a director. Do you like him as a director?
Yes, he directed a lot of great films. He also directed a lot of great films. Have you seen any of those?
I like Romance Films like Looper and the Brothers Bloom.
You're welcome!
Sure, Peter Bart starred in a number of movies. Have you seen the other movies in the series?
Peter Bart also wrote The Godfather.
The Godfather was released in 2004
The Green Mile is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like those genres?
Stephen King also wrote The Dark Knight Rises and The Dark Knight Rises.
Yes, there is a film adaptation of Dead Zone.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Sure! She wrote Orphan Train. Have you read that one?
Yes, she also wrote Sense and Sensibility. Have you read either of those?
Yes. The Way Life Should Be is a romance novel.
Yes, I Am Legend is written by J.R.R Tolkien.
I am not sure about Emma Thompson, but Will Smith also starred in a movie called Will Smith. Do you like Will Smith?
He also starred in I, Robot which is also a Sci-Fi Action movie.
Yes, I do like Hot Fuzz because it is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi?
I have not seen Hot Fuzz but it is a good adventure film.
Yes, it is an adventure film. You should check it out
Yes, he is a great singer and songwriter. Do you like his music?
I don't know much about Justin Timberlake, but I do know he is a composer and a musician.
I don't know much about his music, but I do know he is a composer and he is a musician.
To Kill a Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee.
Yes, The Incredible Journey was written in 1960.
Sure, Les Miserables is written by J.R.R Tolkien and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure. Les Miserables is a musical. It's a great movie. It's a classic.
Grease, Grease, Grease, Grease, and Grease are some of the classics.
Yes, The Deer Hunter is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
The Deer Hunter was directed by Quinn K. Redeker
Meryl Streep directed The Deer Hunter
The Deer Hunter is starring Kristy Swanson
I'm not a fan of the Denver Broncos, but I think they're a pretty good team.
The Eagles have a lot of reasons. They are coached by Rick Riordan. Do you like the Broncos?
Yes, Cold Mountain is written by Kurt Wimmer and is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like those genres?
Yes, he starred in it. Have you seen it? It is a great movie.
Cold Mountain is a Thriller. Do you like Cold Mountain because it is a comedy?
Yes, J.K Simmons is an American professional basketball player who plays point guard position.
He has starred in a lot of thriller films. He also starred in X-Men Origins: Apocalypse.
J.K. Simmons also starred in The Good Doctor. Have you seen it?
Yes, he starred in Public Enemies. It is a Thriller. Have you seen it?
Yes, he also starred in a lot of films. He also starred in a lot of films. Have you seen any of those?
He starred in The Rum Diary with Michael Rispoli. Have you seen it?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
The Fugitive is starring Roberto Orci. Are you a fan of him?
The Fugitive was released in 2010.
You're very welcome!
Harrison Ford also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
Yes he was. He was also in The Fugitive. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Yes, J.M. Barrie wrote The Last Man and The Order of the Phoenix. Have you read either of those?
Yes, Peter Pan was written by J.M. Barrie. Do you like books by him?
The Little White Bird is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome!
I think he plays for the Germany national football team. Do you like him?
He plays for the Germany national football team. Do you like football?
You're welcome!
I haven't seen it, but I do like it because it is a thriller.
He also starred in XXXXX. Have you seen it?
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Joh Favreau is an author and a screenwriter. Do you like his work?
Yes he did and he also starred in a movie called X-Men 2. Have you seen it?
Yes he also starred in Weekend at Bernies II. Have you seen it?
Yes Kevin Nealon also starred in that movie as well.
Yes he did and he also starred in The Gazebo
The Gazebo is a comedy tv drama. Do you like it?
Sure, Seth MacFarlane wrote and directed and starred in a number of movies. Have you seen any of those?
Family Guy is written by Seth MacFarlane and directed by Seth MacFarlane
I don't have any information on that
Skyfall is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
Rory Kinnear has starred in many thriller films, including X-Men Origins: Wolverine, X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen any of these?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I'm sorry, I don't have any recommendations for Adventure. Is there anything else I can help with?
You're welcome!
Yes, it's a great book written by J.R.R Tolkien. Do you like it because it's a Fantasy?
She's a great author. She wrote Dead to the World. Have you read that one?
Yes, he also wrote Dead to the World. Have you read that one?
You are welcome.
Yes, David O. Russell starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen any of those?
It is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Yes he was, and he also starred in that movie. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a great book written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King?
Yes, he also wrote The Assassin's Blade. Have you read that one?
The Fault in Our Stars was released in 2008. It's a young adult fiction novel.
Sure! Max Brooks is a writer and a director. He starred in a lot of movies. Do you like his movies?
World War Z was released in 2010.
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Sure! He starred in a lot of great films. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
You might like the X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, he wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Have you read that one?
Yes, do you like the Lord of the Rings because it is a fantasy or because it is a fantasy?
I'm not sure about that, but I do know that it is a fantasy. Do you like Fantasy?
Yes, he wrote NeverEnding Story.
Do you like Mission Impossible because it is a sci-fi movie?
Tom Cruise starred in a lot of action movies. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome!
You are welcome!
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he's a singer and a musician. Do you like him?
Yes he did and he also wrote The Social Network
Yes I do like dramas like The Social Network and The Social Network.
Yes, it was written by J.R.R Tolkien and is a Thriller. Do you like it?
Yes, I do. I would recommend True Lies, which is a spy film.
Yes, Sneakers is a Spy film. Do you like Spy films?
Yes, he plays for the Brazil national football team. Do you like him?
Yes, he is the coach for Manchester United F.C.
You're welcome.
Sure, do you like paulo coelho? He wrote The Alquimist.
Yes he wrote Diario de um Mago which was released in 1988
Yes, he wrote Onze minutos.
Sure, he starred in a lot of movies. He was also a director and a director. Do you like him?
Yes, she did. She also starred in a movie called The Shawshank Redemption.
You're welcome!
Yes, he plays for the Germany national football team. Do you like him?
The Kansas City Chiefs is a professional football team based in Kansas City. Do you like football?
I like to watch football. I like to watch sports. What about you?
I'm a fan of the Redskins, but I'm a fan of the Redskins. What do you think?
The invention of wings is a book written by J.R.R Tolkien.
The Last Samurai was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr. and starred in The Last Samurai.
Yes, he also starred in The Pink Panther 2 which is a Thriller.
Andy Garcia also starred in The Last Samurai. Have you seen it?
Andy Garcia was also in The Last Samurai. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
I'm a fan of the Cowboys, but I don't know much about them. Are they a football team?
No, I haven't seen that one, but I think it's a good movie.
Yes, I have seen Jerry Maguire. He's a great actor. Did you know he also starred in a movie called Jerry Maguire?
I'm a fan of rom-coms, but I'm not sure if I'm a fan of Joey.
Sure! Peter Berg directed The Last Man and The Last Man. Have you seen either of those?
It's a drama. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Sure! Wonder was written by R.J. Palacio and released in 2012.
Yes, The Julian chapter was written by R.J Palacio and released in 2014.
Yes it was released in 2014
I don't have any other information on that year.
you are welcome
Bill Murray is a great actor. He starred in a lot of movies. He also starred in Zookeeper. Have you seen it?
The Man Who Knew Too Little is a good comedy movie
Yes, she wrote The Scarlet Letter.
She also wrote The Scarlet Letter. Have you heard of it?
Scarlet Letter is a Speculative fiction novel.
Lifetime was released in 2004.
Sure! Young adult fiction is a good one. Do you like that genre?
Sure! Persuasion is written by Jane Austen and released in 1817.
Jane Austen also wrote Pride and Prejudice.
Jane Austen also wrote Pride and Prejudice, which is a romance novel.
You're welcome!
Yes, Judd Hirsch starred in a number of movies. He also starred in Zookeeper. Have you seen that?
Sure! Tower Heist is a Thriller and a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Tower Heist has a genre Thriller and Thriller.
I would recommend Tower Heist and This Must Be the Place.
Yes, Louise Maude wrote нна аренина and нна аренина.
Yes, Louise Maude wrote Tolstoy's War and Peace into Russian. Do you like Russian?
You're welcome!
Yes, it's a great book written by J.R.R Tolkien. Do you like him?
Do you like Pirates of the Caribbean because it is a fantasy movie?
Yes, it was written by Kim Edwards and released in 2005.
Have you read The Memory Keeper's Daughter? It is a novel.
She also won the Whiting Writers' Award for Best Novel.
Sure! Snow Crash is written by J.R.R Tolkien and is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like those genres?
Sure, he starred in a lot of movies. Is there a particular genre you are interested in?
Chris Evans also starred in What's Your Number.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Tika Sumpter also starred in The Perfect Score.
You're welcome
Sure! The Great Gatsby is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like Speculative fiction?
Yes, he is the author of The Great Gatsby.
You're welcome.
You are welcome. Anything else I can do for you?
Yes, he is a tennis player from Switzerland. Do you like tennis?
I am not a fan of tennis but I do know Stan Wawrinka won the 2012 Olympic Games.
He's been in a number of sports. He was in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Running with Scissors is a great book. Do you like Scissors because it is a Sci-Fi book?
Sure! A Wolf at the Table is a novel that was released in 2005. It's a fiction novel.
Yes, You Better Not Cry is a sequel to You Better Not Cry.
You're welcome!
Sure! Guns, Germs, and Steel: The Fates of Human Societies was written by Jared Diamond.
It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction books?
It was written by J.R.R. Tolkien.
Wes Craven starred in Wes Craven. Do you like him because he is a writer?
Wes Craven also starred in X-Men Origins: Apocalypse. Have you seen it?
Yes, Harris Yulin also starred in My Soul to Take. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Sure! Anne Rice wrote Anne Rice. She also wrote A Confederacy of Dunces. Have you read that one?
Yes, she did. She also wrote Frankenstein.
Yes, she wrote The Mummy, Queen of Damned and Taltos.
The Graveyard Book is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like Speculative fiction?
Then you might like The Hunger Games or The Hunger Games. Both are fantasy books.
You're welcome!
Sure! Lois Lowry wrote the book Lois Lowry. Do you like books by Lois Lowry?
It's a speculative fiction novel.
I'm not sure about that. But if you like science fiction, you might enjoy 'The Giver'.
The Great Gatsby is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he directed a lot of great films. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Yes, he starred in Moon. It was released in 2005.
It's a drama. Do you like drama?
I'm a fan of the Minnesota Vikings. I'm a fan of the Vikings. Do you like them?
I think they are going to the Super Bowl XXXXXVIII. Do you like them?
I am not a fan of the Cowboys, but I am a fan of the Cowboys. Who is your favorite player?
I haven't watched a game live in person. What is your favorite team?
Sure, do you like the Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade because it is a comedy or a comedy?
I'm not sure who directed the movie
George Lucas also directed The Last Crusade. Have you seen that one?
Yes, it's a great book written by J.R.R Tolkien.
Yes Jeremy Renner also starred in The Bourne Legacy. Have you seen it?
That's a good one. It's a great movie. Do you like it?
The Hobbit is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like Speculative fiction?
Yes, it was written by J.R. Tolkien.
Snow White and the Huntsman is a fairy tale. Do you like fairy tales?
Yes, it was a great movie. It was written by George R.R.R. Martin.
Yes, he also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine.
You're welcome.
Sure! The Lightning Thief is a novel written by J.R.R Tolkien. Do you like his work?
Yes, Percy Jackson was written by Rick Riordan. Do you like Rick Riordan?
The Percy Jackson series is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
She's been in a number of films. She's been in a number of films. She's been in a number of films. Have you seen any of those?
Sarah Dressen wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you heard of it?
Sarah Dressen starred in That Summer and Someone Like You. Do you like her movies?
Do you like Inception because it's a sci-fi or a sci-fi?
Yes, The Prestige is written by Christopher Nolan.
For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King?
Yes, he wrote Across the River and into the Trees. Have you read either of those?
You're welcome!
Sure! Stefan Kapicic starred in Deadpool. Have you seen it?
Deadpool is starring Kristy Swanson, Kristy Swanson
Deadpool has genre Thriller
I think he's a great basketball player. I think he's a great player.
Yes, he's a great actor. I think he's a great actor. I think he's a great actor.
Oh wow, yea, he's a spokesman for Nike.
Sure! The Fault in Our Stars is a young-adult fiction novel written by John Green. Do you like that genre?
Yes, The Fault in Our Stars is written by John Green. Do you like his books?
If you like drama books, you might like The Fault in Our Stars. It is also a drama.
It was written by J.R.R Tolkien.
You're welcome
Sure, he starred in a lot of great films. He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is a Romantic Comedy. It was released in 2001 and is a Thriller.
I'm not sure when it was released.
You're welcome!
Yes, she's a great actress. She's been in a number of movies. She's been in a number of movies. She's also starred in the movie The Secret Agent. Have you seen it?
The Hundred Secret Senses is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction books?
Yes, it's a great book. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he is a great writer and a musician. Do you like him?
The Apostle was written by Robert Duvall and is a Thriller.
Robert Duvall also starred in The Apostle. Have you seen it?
It's a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Yes, he directed a lot of great films. He also directed X-Men Origins: Apocalypse.
I'm not sure who else starred in The Spiderwick Chronicles. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, it is a drama/drama.
You're welcome!
Sure! Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Do you like books by Jane Austen?
Sure! Jane Austen wrote Pride and Prejudice. Have you read this one?
Sure! Janet Fitch wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you read it?
Paint It Black was released in 1981 and is a speculative fiction novel.
you're welcome.
Yes, Akira Kurosawa was born in Akira Kurosawa. He was also a film director.
Sure, he starred in Xenocide. Have you seen that one?
Seven Samurai is a great movie. Akira Kurosawa also starred in that movie.
I am sorry, I don't have any link to that movie.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was directed by J.K. Rowling.
Yes, he wrote Les Miserables. Have you read it?
Yes, it was released in 1862.
Yes, he also wrote Muc. Have you read it?
That's a great one! It was released in 1862 and is a Romance Film.
Do you like Once Upon a Time in the West because it is a Thriller or Drama?
Shane is written by Jean Arthur and released in 1988.
You're welcome!
Sure! Jodi Picoult wrote the book Over the Cuckoo's Nest. Have you read that one?
The Storyteller is a fantasy book. Other fantasy books you might like are The Hunger Games, or The Hunger Games.
You are welcome!
Yes, he's a great author. He wrote The Crucible. Have you read that one?
Yes, he also wrote The Old Curiosity Shop. Have you read that one?
Yes he did! A Tale of Two Cities is a great book. It was released in 1891.
That's a great book! It was released in 1851.
You're welcome!
He is a basketball player who plays point guard for the Seattle Seahawks.
I'm not a huge basketball fan but I do like basketball
I'm a fan of basketball. What about you?
No, I haven't seen them play this year. I'm a fan of Notre Dame.
Yes, it is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a comedy?
He directed a lot of movies. He also directed X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen that one?
Yes, they are both comic movies. Do you like those genres?
Yes, Atlas Shrugged is a Speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Ayn Rand also wrote We Are the Living.
It was released in 1957
Yes, I Stay is a great book. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Sure, I can recommend Xenocide, Xenocide, and Xenocide.
You're welcome
You're welcome.
Sure! Mark Osborne starred in a number of movies. He also starred in Zookeeper. Have you seen that?
Yes, Seth Rogan was in that movie as well as Seth Rogan. Have you seen it?
Sure! Seth Rogen also directed X-Men Origins: Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that one?
Great! I hope you enjoy them!
Sure. Did you like this book because it was written by James Patterson?
Sure! Katherine Paterson wrote The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby. Have you read either of those?
Yes, The Great Gilly Hopkins is a great fiction book. It was released in 1981. Have you read it?
You're welcome!
I'm a fan of the Golden State Warriors, but I don't know much about them. Are they a basketball team?
I'm not sure where the team is located. Are you a fan of basketball?
I'm not a huge basketball fan but I'm a fan of basketball.
I'm a fan of the Cowboys. I'm a fan of the Cowboys. Do you like the Cowboys?
I think he is a cricket player from Delhi.
Yes, he plays for the New England Patriots. Do you like football?
Yes. Bridget Moynahan is a great cricket player. Do you like cricket?
Sure! John Boyne wrote The Last Man and The Last Man. Have you read either of those?
The Boy in the Striped Pajamas is a fantasy novel.
The Boy in the Striped Pajamas was released in 1818.
You're welcome!
Yes, The Devil's Advocate was directed by J.R.R Tolkien.
The Devil's Advocate is starring Xander Berkeley. Do you like Thrillers?
I don't have that information but I do know it was released in 2004
You're welcome!
Divergent is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Hunger Games is a young adult film. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it was written by Tatiana de Rosnay and released in 2007.
Yes, she wrote Boomerang.
Yes she did. She also wrote a book called Untamed.
You're welcome!
Sure! She wrote Black Beauty and Black Beauty. Have you read either of those?
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you that she wrote Black Beauty.
You are welcome.
I haven't heard any of Maroon 5 songs, but I do like the Maroon 5 songs. Are you a Maroon fan?
I'm not sure if he plays any instrument, but if I never see your face again he is a musician, he is a musician and a musician.
Yes, it's a great show. Do you like his music?
Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline and released in 2013.
Yes, Orphan Train is a novel written by Christina Baker Kline.
Christina Baker Kline wrote Orphan Train. Orphan Train was released in 2013.
You're welcome!
Yes, do you like L.A. Confidential because it's a thriller or because it's a Thriller?
Yes, he starred in Street Kings and Rampart.
It's a romance film.
You're welcome!
Yes, J.J. Cohen starred in Back to the Future and Back to the Future.
Sure. He also starred in X-Men 2. Have you seen that one?
Yes, CCH Pounder wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you read it?
Yes, Kevin Zegers also starred in The Mortal Instruments City of Bones.
I'm not sure about Aidan Turmer, but I do know he also starred in a movie called Aliens. Have you seen it?
Yes, Zodiak is also a mystery film.
You're welcome!
I think he's a great tennis player. Do you like him?
Yes, he's a great quarterback for the Seattle Seahawks. Do you like him?
I'm not a huge fan of the Patriots, but I'm a fan of the Patriots.
Yes, Hayao Miyazaki directed The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
Ponyo is starring Kyla Pratt. She also starred in Xenocide.
Princess Mononoke is a great family adventure film directed by Hayao Miyazaki
You are welcome.
The Bourne Identity is written by Matt Damon. Do you like Matt Damon?
The Bourne Identity has a genre of Thriller and Mystery. Do you like those genres?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm not sure about that, but I do know that it was released in 1987.
Sure! We Need to Talk About Kevin has a genre of Thriller. Do you like that genre?
I'm not a fan of him but I think he's a quarterback for the Denver Broncos.
I don't know if he played for the Saints but I think he's a quarterback for the Saints.
I think they will have a chance to win Super Bowl XLVIII.
Sure! Bruce Willis starred in a lot of movies. He also starred in Zookeeper. Have you seen that one?
Bruce Willis has starred in a number of films, including The Hunger Games and The Hunger Games. Have you seen any of those?
I'm not sure who starred in that movie, but I do know he also starred in a movie called A Bug's Life.
Yes, Elisabeth Shue is a great actor. He also starred in X-Men 2.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
You are welcome!
Did you like Gran Torino because it's a thriller or because it's a thriller?
Yes, Cory Hardrict and Clint Eastwood both starred in Warm Bodies.
Yes he also starred in Warm Bodies
You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you heard of that one?
It's a fantasy novel. Do you like Warbreakers?
Warbreaker was released in 2004.
You're welcome
Do you like Tangled because it is a Sci-Fi movie or because it is a Thriller?
There are so many great Walt Disney movies you might like. Some of the most popular ones are The Incredible Hulk and The Incredible Hulk. Have you seen those?
Molly Shannon also starred in that one as well. Have you seen it?
Ender's Game is written by J.R.R Tolkien. Do you like it because it's a speculative fiction novel?
Orson Scott Card is a Speculative fiction author who also wrote The Dark Knight Rises. Do you like that genre?
Do you like science fiction? Orson Scott Card is a great author.
You're welcome.
Sure! David O. Russell directed The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen any of those?
Yes he did and he also starred in Three Kings.
You're welcome
Yes, he starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen any of those?
He also starred in Star Wars: Episode V - Apocalyptic. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Forrest Gump is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks or Tom Hanks?
Winston Groom is written by Winston Groom and it is a drama film
You are welcome
I like A Christmas Carol. It's a Romance Novel. Do you like Romance Novel?
Mickey's Christmas Carol is a great movie. Do you like Mickey's movies?
The Black Cat was released in 1843. The Black Cat is a Gothic fiction film.
Fingersmith was written in 19th century and was released in 19th century.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I'm a fan of the Philadelphia Eagles. I'm a fan of the Philadelphia Eagles. Do you like them?
I'm not sure, but Ryan Moats and John Madden were drafted to the Eagles.
John Madden was also drafted by John Madden.
I didn't know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you like Watership Down because it is a Speculative fiction book?
Yes, The Lord of the Rings is speculative fiction.
Yes, The Two Towers is speculative fiction.
I'm a fan of the Tennessee Titans. I'm a fan of the Tennessee Titans. Do you like them?
I'm not sure about that, but I know they were the runner ups in Super Bowl XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
I haven't seen Super Bowl XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Sure, Brad Pitt starred in a number of films. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have you seen The Last Stand? It's a great historical film.
It's a great historical film. It's a great movie. It's a great movie. I hope you enjoy it.
Sure. I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it is a great Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi is a sci-fi movie.
Aeon Flux is starring Tom Hanks. It's a Sci-Fi movie.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, 50/50 is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he was. He also starred in X-Men 2. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information, but I do know that Joseph Gordon Levitt also starred in the movie.
Sure, A Walk to Remember is written by J.R.R.R Tolkien. Do you like his work?
Last Song was written by J.R.R Tolkien.
Yes, The Last Song was written by Nicholas Sparks. It's a Young-adult fiction.
I think he's a great quarterback for the New England Patriots. Do you like him?
I like Wildcats and Rudy. Do you like Wildcats?
He was also in Couples Retreat. Have you seen Couples Retreat?
Sure, Aliens is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Volcano is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Yes, he also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was in Dante's Peak.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King?
William Lee Scott also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine. Have you seen it?
The Go-Getter is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he is a writer and a director. Do you like his work?
Yes, it is. Walter Koeing also starred in Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home.
The Voyage Home is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
You're welcome
You're welcome!
Do you like Inside Man because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
The Big Hit is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
You're welcome!
Cesc Fabregas plays for the Spain national football team. Do you like football?
I don't know much about tennis, but I do know that Tennis is a sport based in England.
I don't know a lot about tennis, but I think Venus is a great tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I'm a fan of the Brooklyn Nets, but I don't know much about them. Do you like them?
Yes, he was a point guard for the Brooklyn Nets.
Yes he did and he is a point guard for the Brooklyn Nets
Yes, it is a great movie. Do you like it because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Yes, The Prestige is written by Jorja Fox and starred Robert De Niro.
Yes, Wild at Heart is starring William Morgan Sheppard.
Yes, he is a singer and a musician. Do you like his music?
Rita Ora is a singer/songwriter. Do you like her music?
You're welcome.
Yes, he starred in a lot of movies. He also starred in a lot of movies. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, he starred in The Hobbit. Have you seen it?
Great, I hope you enjoy them.
You're welcome
You're welcome
Yes, he is an American professional basketball player who plays point guard position.
Yes, he is a good player. I think he plays for the New England Patriots.
Yes he plays for the Los Angeles Lakers. I think he is a good player.
Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull was written by J.R.R Tolkien.
Yes, he also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine.
Transformers is a great movie. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome
Sure! Crescendo is a Speculative fiction novel written by J.R.R Tolkien.
Becca Fitzpatrick also wrote a book called Speculative fiction.
I hope you enjoy them!
Sure! The Maze Runner is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Scortch Trails is a Young Adult Fiction movie. The Scortch Trails is also Young Adult Fiction
You are welcome.
Sure! Jake Gyllenhaal starred in a number of films. He also directed The Matrix Revisited and The Matrix Revolutions.
The Prince of Persia has genre Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he also starred in The Day After Tomorrow. Have you seen it?
Sure! Will Gluck directed Will Gluck, starring Will Gluck. Have you seen it?
Annie is starring Will Gluck, Will Gluck and Will Gluck.
He also starred in X-Men Origins: Apocalypse.
Sure! The Notebook is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like speculative fiction?
Yes, he wrote Message in a Bottle.
Yes, The Notebook was born in New York City.
Yes, he wrote both The Notebook and The Message in the Bottle.
Yes, he wrote Prince of Tide.
You're welcome!
Yes, Twilight: The Complete Illustrated Movie Companion is written by Christopher Nolan. Do you like his work?
Yes, it was written by Mark Cotta Vaz and is a Thriller.
You're welcome!
Good in Bed is written by J.R.R.R Tolkien. Do you like books by J.R.R Tolkien?
Yes, he's a great author. He wrote The Last Man and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you read either of those?
Yes, he also wrote The Crucible. Have you read it?
He also wrote The Crucible. Have you read that one?
He also wrote All My Sons which was released in 1947. Have you read it?
I'm a fan of the Denver Broncos. They are coached by Mike Zimmer and Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
Yes, they are a team in the NFL. Do you like them?
They are looking for a good season this year. They have a good season this year.
Yes, Lolita was written by Lolita. It's a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Pale Fire is written by Vladimir Vladimirovich Nabokov and is a Speculative fiction novel.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Yes, he's a great singer and a musician. Do you like his music?
I'm not sure if she's married to Jessica Biel, but she also starred in The Social Network.
I haven't seen Southland Tales. Did you know he also starred in a movie called X-Men 2.
Sure! Do you like Harry Potter and the Cursed Child because it's a fantasy?
He also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Have you read either of those?
Sure! The Silkworm is written by J.K. Rowling and is a fantasy novel.
Sure! Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas is a great autobiography. Do you like autobiographies?
Sure, it was released in 2005 and is a speculative fiction novel.
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child was written by J.K. Rowling.
Yes, he also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Yes, The Silkworm was written in English.
Yes, The Silkworm is written in English.
Yes, he wrote the book in English.
You're welcome!
Do you like Total Recall because it's a Thriller or Thriller?
Yes, he plays for the Germany national football team. Do you like football?
Who is your favorite Basketball team?
I'm not a fan of basketball but I do like basketball. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I haven't watched any American shows. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I haven't seen any of them. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, Inception is written by Christopher Nolan. Do you like his work?
Yes, he also starred in The Virgin Queen. Have you seen it?
The Virgin Queen is written by Christopher Nolan and is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure, I hope you enjoy it!
Rob Reiner is an American professional basketball player who plays point guard. Do you like basketball?
He directed When Harry Met Sally and he also directed When Harry Met Sally. Have you seen either of those?
He produced When Harry Met Sally and he also directed When Harry Met Sally. Have you seen those?
You're welcome.
Yes, Jamie Ford has written a number of great books. Have you read any of his books?
I'm not sure when they were released, but they are fiction.
You're welcome!
I think she's a great singer. Did you know she also starred in a movie called X-Men 2.
I'm not sure who starred in that movie, but I do know Selena Gomez also starred in the movie. Have you seen it?
It's a drama. Do you like that genre?
Sure! Michael Parks starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
Yes, they did win the World Series. Do you like baseball?
Yes, I am a fan of the Boston Red Sox. I am a fan of the Red Sox.
The Boston Red Sox were the runner-ups for the World Series this year.
I think he's a great golfer, but I don't know much about him.
I don't have that information, but I do know he won the 2010 PGA Championship.
Yes, he lost to Phil Mickelson. He's a great golfer.
Sure! The Hurt Locker stars Robert Downey Jr. and Robert Downey Jr..
Yes, Jeremy Renner also starred in The Hurt Locker. Have you seen it?
Sure! The Heart Is Deceitful Above All Things is starring Evangeline Renner. Would you like to know more about it?
Sure, they are added.
I'm a fan of the Arizona Cardinals. They play in the National Football League. Do you like them?
Yes they moved to Arizona from the United States.
I'm a fan of college football. I'm a fan of college football.
Yes, I am a fan of Sergio Aguero. He is a midfielder for the Spain national football team.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he's a midfielder for Manchester City. Do you like him?
I'm a fan of soccer. I'm a fan of soccer. I'm a fan of soccer.
It's written in Spanish and was released in 1985.
Yes, Debora Smith also wrote . She also wrote .
Yes, it is written in English.
Sure! Along Came a Spider is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like Speculative fiction?
Yes, it is a suspense / Thriller.
It was written by J.R.R.R. Tolkien and is a thriller.
You're welcome!
Yes, Atonement is written by J.R.R Tolkien. It is a Thriller. Do you like it?
Have you seen the movie Atonement? It's a Romance film.
The Time Traveler's Wife is a Romance novel. Have you read it?
Yes, he is a composer and a screenwriter. Do you like him?
Yes, he also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen it?
Sure, some of the actors in that film are Robert Downey Jr. and Robert Downey Jr.
You're welcome!
Sure! Snow Flower and the Secret Fan was written by J.R.R.R Tolkien. Do you like it because it's a Speculative fiction?
The Lady in the Lake is a Speculative fiction novel.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, she is a professional badminton player from India.
Yes, she was in the 2012 Summer Olympics. Did you know she won the 2012 Olympics?
The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark is the same book.
Have you read any of Shakespeare's works?
Yes, she did. She is also a composer and a musician.
Sure! Sense and Sensibility is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like Speculative fiction?
Jane Austen also wrote Sense and Sensibility. Have you read that one?
I think he's a great player. I think he's a great player. Do you like him?
Did you know Anna Kournikova also starred in Desperado and Once Upon a Time in Mexico?
Yes, he is a great artist. I think he is a great artist.
The Aviator is written by Roberto Orci. Do you like him?
Leonardo DiCaprio also starred in The Aviator. Have you seen it?
Yes, he also starred in Zookeeper. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
Sure! Spike Lee directed a number of movies. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, Jennifer Esposito is also in Summer of Sam.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! She wrote The Secret Garden and The Secret Garden. Have you read either of those?
The Swan Thieves is a Speculative fiction novel.
I'm not sure about the genre but I do know that it was released in 2010
Sure, I will do that
Yes, he is a golfer from London.
yes he is a professional golfer. do you like him?
yes Venus is still playing tennis. do you have a favorite tennis player?
I don't know much about basketball but I do know that Venus is a great tennis player.
do you have a favorite boxing event?
he is a great boxer. do you have any other questions about him?
I'm a fan of the Atlanta Falcons, but I don't know much about them. Are they a football team?
I'm not sure who is the star of the team, but I do know they are coached by John Fox.
I like the Patriots, but I don't know much about the Patriots. Is there anything else I can help with?
She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign and Un di Velt Hot Geshvign
Sure! Un di Velt Hot Geshvign was written by Marion Wiesel and was released in 1891.
Yes, it was released in 1958. Have you read that one?
Sure! Ethan Suplee starred in a number of films. Have you seen him in a movie?
Vulgar is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, William Lee Scott starred in the Butterfly Effect. Do you like his acting?
You're welcome!
Yes, they are a great band. Do you like them because they are a rock band?
Yes, Gwyneth Paltrow is still with Gwyneth Paltrow.
I'm not sure if Coldplay is a touring film.
You are welcome.
I'm a fan of the New England Patriots, but I'm not a fan of the Patriots.
I am not sure about that, but I do know they won the NFL Offensive Player of the Year Award
I am not a fan of the Red Skins, but I think they're playing the Red Skins today.
Yes, he's a great athlete. He's also a point guard for the New England Patriots.
Yes, he directed a lot of great films. Is there a particular genre you are interested in?
Yes, he has directed many great films. Is there anything else I can help you with?
It's a drama. Do you like drama?
You're welcome
Sure! Beatrix Potter wrote The Matrix Revisited and The Matrix Revisited. Have you read either of those?
The Tales of Peter Rabbit was released in 1891.
I'm not sure, but I do know that Beatrix Potter is a writer and a director.
You're welcome!
Yes, X-Men Origins Wolverine was written by Roberto Orci.
He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen it?
Turbo is a Thriller/Thriller.
It's a comedy, adventure, and animation.
The Proposal is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Alice in Wonderland was written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
Lewis Carroll wrote Alice in Wonderland. What else can i do for you today?
Great! Anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome. Anything else I can do for you?
Do you like the Incredibles because it is a Sci-Fi movie or because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
The Incredibles is a great family friendly movie. Have you seen The Incredibles? It is a great family friendly movie.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information, but I can tell you that John Ratzenberger also starred in The Incredibles.
Yes, he is a basketball player from Chicago. Do you like basketball?
I don't know much about Cricket, but I do know he is a point guard on the Denver Nuggets.
I'm not a big fan of NFL but I think I'm a fan of the Patriots.
I'm a fan of football. I'm a fan of football. I like football.
I'm not a big fan of baseball but I think the team is a good team. Who is your favorite team?
Yes, it is a great movie. Do you like it because it is a Thriller?
Yes, she is a great singer and songwriter. Do you like her music?
Did you know she was influenced by Taylor Swift? She is a great singer.
Yes, she is a great singer and songwriter. Do you like her music?
I like heavy metal and rock as well. Do you like those types of music?
Sure, Hot Fuzz is a sci-fi thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Sure, do you like Shooter because it is a Sci-Fi or Thriller?
Then you might like Zoolander. It's a thriller.
The Rum Diary is written by Stephen Hunter, and it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome!
I think he is a great golfer from Dallas. Do you like golf?
Did you know he was born in Dallas, Texas?
No, I haven't. I'm a fan of golf. I think he's from Dallas.
Serena starred in Serena. Are you a fan of Serena?
You might enjoy Serenity. Tamara Taylor also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
You're welcome!
Yes, Cloverfield is a Sci-Fi film. Do you like Sci-Fi films?
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a writer and a musician. Do you like him?
Quinton Aaron also starred in Be Kind Rewind. Have you seen it?
Yes, I do like Maroon 5 because they are a great team. Do you like them?
Do you like Maroon 5 because it's a song or because it is a song?
Do you like that song because it's a song?
Yes, I am a fan of Michael Jackson. He's one of the most talented people of all time. Do you like him?
I'm not sure if Diana Ross is in it, but if you like her, you should watch The Wiz if you haven't seen it.
I'm not sure if she's a fan of Janet Jackson but I think she's a great actress.
Sergio Agüero plays for the Germany national football team.
I'm a huge fan of Manchester City, but I don't follow soccer much, but I do know he plays for the Manchester National Football team.
Yes, he is a great player and he plays for the Manchester National Football team.
Do you like Shrek because it is a Sci-Fi movie or because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Yes, Megan Burns also starred in that movie. Have you seen it?
The stars in Day After Tomorrow include Kristy Swanson and Robert De Niro.
You're welcome.
Yes, Lea Thompson starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen any of those?
The Wild Life is starring Kristy Swanson. She also starred in The Little Rascals
The Wild Life is starring Kristy Swansey. She also starred in The Wild Life.
Yes, Becca Fitzpatrick wrote the book. Have you read it?
She also wrote a book called Speculative fiction.
Hush Hush has genre Young adult fiction. Crescendo has genre Young-adult fiction.
You're welcome
I'm not sure who directed it but I do know it was directed by Steve Carell.
He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
I'm not sure who starred in it, but I do know it was directed by David Silverman.
You're welcome!
Yes, Gore Verbinski starred in a number of films. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Sure! Rango is a Thriller and a Thriller. Do you like Thriller?
Yes, it is! It is a great action film.
You're welcome!
Do you like 21 Jump Street because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Ride along is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
You're welcome!
Yes, there are a lot of good comedy movies like Ride along Ice Cube and Ride along Ice Cube.
Yes, she wrote A Little Princess. Have you read that one?
The Tale of the Body Thief is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like speculative fiction?
The Vampire Chronicles is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Sure! The Hunger Games was written by J.R.R Tolkien, who also wrote The Hunger Games. Have you read any of these?
I don't have that information, but I do know that The Passage was released in 2012.
You're welcome!
Yes, she wrote Mansfield Park and Mansfield Park.
Mansfield Park is a Speculative fiction novel.
I haven't read Mansfield Park, but I think it's a romance novel.
I like murder mystery. Do you like murder mystery?
I haven't seen it, but I think it's a good movie.
Sure! Victor Hugo starred in a number of movies. He was also a director and a director. Do you like him?
I'm sorry I don't have that information, but I do know he was born in Paris, France.
You're welcome!
Sure, she starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie. Have you seen either of those?
Sure, Amelie starred in Les Visiteurs. It is a sci-fi film.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I do. He's one of the most popular songs of his. He's been in a number of movies.
Yes, he's from Leesburg. Have you seen We Rode in Trucks or Someone Else Calling You Baby?
I don't know a record label but I do know he is a composer from Nashville.
Marlon Brando starred in XXXX. Have you seen it?
He starred in The Young Lions, The Young Lions, and The Wild One. Have you seen any of those?
The Young Lions is a drama. It's also a drama.
Yes, he is a great basketball player. Do you like him?
I'm a fan of basketball, but I don't know much about him. Is he a basketball player?
Yes, he won NBA All-Rookie Team
Yes, he won NBA All-Rookie Team
Mervryn Peake is a writer and author.
Yes, The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was written by Stephen King.
Vladimir Nabokov also wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde. Do you like Vladimir Nabokov?
Sure! Luigi Pistilli has starred in a number of films. He also starred in a number of films. Do you like his movies?
The Good, the Bad and the Ugly also starred in Machine Gun McCain.
Yes, she was in Notebook.
You're welcome
Sure! Do you like it because it's a romantic comedy or because it is a romantic comedy?
Zoe Kravitz starred in Yelling to the Sky. Do you like her movies?
Marc John Jefferies also starred in Zookeeper. Have you seen that one?
Yes, I will send it to you now.
Yes, Gabourey Sidibe also starred in a movie called Weight Loss.
Yes, do you like the Dark Knight because it is a Sci-Fi movie or because it is a Thriller?
Yes, you might like The Dark Knight Rises or The Dark Knight Rises.
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a good adventure movie.
Starsky is a blockbuster and a blockbuster and a blockbuster.
I hope you enjoy it.
Sure, L.M. Montgomery starred in the movie The Assassination of Zelda. Have you seen that movie?
The Blue Castle came out in 1891.
The Blue Castle was released in 1926.
Sure! Christopher Meloni starred in a lot of films. He also starred in Xenocide. Have you seen any of those?
Then you might like The Last Samurai. It's also a romance film.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now. But I do know he also starred in a romantic comedy called J.J.
You're welcome!
The Shawshank Redemption was written by Stephen King. Do you like him?
Yes he did and he also wrote the movie. Have you seen it?
King Kong has genre Horror. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know he's a composer and a musician. Do you like him?
Yes, he is a great artist and songwriter. Do you like his music?
I like his song When Love Takes Over. What is your favorite song?
I like Micheal Jackson, he's a great singer and songwriter. Do you like him?
Sure! The Interview is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Great, hope you enjoy!
you're welcome
Do you like Knocked Up because it is a Thriller or because it is a drama?
I'm not sure when it came out, but I do know it was written by John Scalzi.
I don't know, but Eminem and Ray Romano also starred in a movie called Apocalypto.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is going to play for the Spain national football team.
Yes they were the runner ups in the 1976 FA Cup Final.
I like American Football. What is your favorite team?
I'm not sure if he is a fan of the Seattle Seahawks. Is he a football player?
Yes, he's a great singer and a musician. Do you like him?
She Hate Me is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes he did and he directed it. Do you like him?
Sue Monk Kidd wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you heard of that one?
Carl Jung is one of my favorite authors of all time. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes Sigmund Freud also wrote The Portable Atheist.
Barbara Kingsolver starred in The Matrix Revolutions, The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
The Poisonwood Bible is a Speculative fiction novel.
Zoe's Tale is written by Barbara Kingsolver and is a drama novel.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about her, but I know she is a singer and a musician.
Yes, he did. Did you know Tom Hanks also starred in Larry Crowne?
That's a great show! Did you know he was also a musician and a musician?
Dead to the World is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like Speculative fiction?
Dead to the World is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
It's a Speculative fiction novel written by John Scalzi. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Do you like Quantum of Solace because it is a Thriller or Thriller?
Skyfall is a drama/crime movie.
The starring in Skyfall is Robert De Niro
Great, enjoy!
I'm not a fan of the Minnesota Vikings, but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer and Mike Zimmer.
I'm not sure about that, but I think Mike Zimmer is doing a great job in the Super Bowl.
That's right, they were the runners up in Super Bowl XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Yes, The Usual Suspects is written by Stephen King. Do you like him?
Yes, I like thrillers. Do you like thrillers?
I have not seen Unfinished Business. Is Unfinished Business a thriller?
Yes, I like hip hop and hip hop. Do you like hip hop?
I like rock bands. I like the rock band. I like the rock band. Do you like them?
Yes Zipper was released in 2015. Zipper is a hip hop film.
Yes, it is a great book written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King?
Yes, The King of Attolia is a Young-adult fiction book.
You're welcome
The original TRON Legacy was written by John Scalzi and is a Thriller.
Olivia Wilde also starred in Year One. Do you like Olivia Wilde?
Oliver Platt also starred in Working Girl. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome
Sure! He starred in a number of movies. He was also a director and a director.
The Dodgers is a professional baseball team. Do you like baseball?
Yes, a lot of people were shot there. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like 21 Jump Street because it is a Thriller or because it is a drama?
Channing Tatum starred in Zookeeper. Have you seen that one?
21 Jump Street was released in 2001.
You are welcome.
Yes, it's a great movie. Do you like it because it's a fantasy?
Yes, she has a great voice. Do you like her music?
Yes, she is a great singer and actress. Do you like her music?
Yes, she is a great actress. She also starred in XXXXVIII.
Yes, he was the one who passed that show. She is a great singer.
Great, hope you enjoy it!
The Hobbit: There and Back Again was released in 2012.
The Hobbit: There and Back Again was released in 1937.
The Rock is a Thriller and a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Shark Night is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, David Moore also starred in The House Bunny. Have you seen it?
Yes, he is a soccer player who plays for the Brazil national football team.
Yes, I am a fan of the Columbia national football team. Do you like football?
Yes, he plays for the Columbia national football team.
Do you like Matrix because it is a Sci-Fi movie or because it is a Sci-Fi?
The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions are both fantasy movies.
You're welcome.
Sure! Harold Ramis directed The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
Harold Ramis starred in Groundhog Day. Do you like him?
Yes, Groundhog Day is a romantic comedy film. Do you like romantic films?
Sure, he starred in a lot of films. Is there a particular genre you are interested in?
The Sky Crawlers came out in 2005.
The Sky Crawlers was released in 2005. It is a horror film.
The Great Yokai War also starred Kristin Tarantino and Kristin Sparks.
Sure! The Great Yokai War is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr. and released in 2001.
Yes, The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like Speculative fiction?
W.W. Denlow also wrote Wizard of Oz. Have you read that one?
You're welcome!
I haven't heard any of her songs, but I think she is a great singer. Do you like her music?
No, I haven't heard it, but I'm a fan of her music. Do you like her music?
Yes, she's from Nashville. Did you know she was born in Nashville?
Truman Capote's In Cold Blood was written by Stephen King. Do you like him?
Breakfast at Tiffany's is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
Audrey Hepburn also starred in that movie.
Yes, he grew up in the United States of America and starred in many movies. Do you like his movies?
SteveJobs starred in a number of movies. He also starred in a number of movies. Have you seen any of those?
It's a comedy/drama.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Guy Kawasaki also starred in X-Men Origins: Apocalypse.
He also wrote The Art of the Start. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you heard of it?
The Ugly Truth is a speculative fiction novel written by Jeff Kinney
The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary was released in 2010
You are welcome
I think he's a good basketball player. I think he's a point guard for the Minnesota Timberwolves.
He's a point guard for the Denver Nuggets. Do you like him?
I'm not sure about Larry Bird, but I know he is a point guard for the NBA.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
Yes, he is a great player. I think he's a great player.
My favorite baseball team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like the Dallas Cowboys?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he plays for the Brazil national football team. Do you like him?
I'm not a big fan of him, but I think he's a forward.
I'm not a fan of Jonathan Rhys Meyers, but I think he's a great player.
Sure! Stephen Sommers directed The Incredible Hulk and The Incredible Hulk. Have you seen either of those?
Sure, The Mummy Returns is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Mummy Returns is considered a Fantasy. You might like it because it is a fantasy.
Yes, it's a fantasy movie. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Do you like Trainspotting because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Have you seen the Indies by Shirley Henderson? She also starred in The Invasion.
Yes, it is a great movie. You might also like the Indy genre.
Yes, it's a great movie. Do you like it because it's a science fiction movie?
The Last Samurai is a great action movie. Do you like that genre?
Pound of Flesh is starring Tom Cruise and Tom Cruise. Do you like Tom Cruise movies?
You are welcome!
Sure, P.C. Cast starred in The Matrix Revolutions, The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
Yes, Tempted is a young adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes, Wicked Lovely is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like Speculative fiction?
Yes, Wicked Lovely is part of the series Wicked Lovely. The first one is called Wicked Lovely.
You're welcome!
For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King?
Islands in the Stream is a Speculative fiction.
There is a lot of romance in that genre as well as a romance.
You're welcome!
I'm not a fan of the Patriots, but I think they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLVIII.
I'm not a huge fan of the Patriots, but I think they'll play in Super Bowl XLVIII.
He's a wife. She's a great wife. She's a great wife.
The Town is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Peter Craig starred in the movie Eli craig
It was directed by Peter Craig
I hope you enjoy it
Do you like WALL-E because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
X-Men 2 and X-Men 2 are good Sci-Fi movies.
Its a great sci-fi movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like those actors?
I am not sure what else he directed, but I do know he also directed X-Men: Days of Future Past.
I think he is a great singer and a musician. Do you like her music?
No, I didn't know that. Did you know Katy Perry was also in Get Him to the Greek?
Yes, he was in Get Him to the Greek. Did you know he was also a producer?
Yes, it's a great movie. Do you like it because it's a science fiction movie?
No, I haven't seen that one. Did you know he also starred in X-Men Origins?
Yes, he was in Magic Mike. He also starred in the movie X-Men 2. Have you seen it?
Yes, The Devil Wears Prada was written by Christopher Nolan and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Merryl Streep also starred in The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen this movie?
Yes, it is a good comedy film.
You're welcome
Sure, Peter Dinklage starred in a lot of movies. He also starred in Zookeeper. Have you seen that?
X-Men: Days of Future Past has genre Thriller.
Sure, X-Men: Days of Future Past is a fantasy and X-Men: Days of Future Past is a fantasy.
The Wolverine is the main lead in Aah Hunger Games.
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you read that one?
Yes, the Scarlet Letter was written by John Scalzi. Do you like him?
You're welcome!
Yes, Into the Wild is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he was a writer and a screenwriter. He was also a writer.
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. Charlie and the Chocolate Factory was written by J.R.R Tolkien. Do you like his work?
Yes, he also starred in Xenocide. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Sure! Robin Hobb wrote The Last Man and The Last Man. Have you read either of those?
Have you heard of the book? It's a fantasy novel.
Sure! Ship of Magic is written by Robin Hobb. He also wrote The Dark Knight Rises. Have you read that one?
You're welcome
Yes, he wrote a lot of great books. Have you read any of his books?
Yes, The Picture of Dorian Gray is a historical fiction novel.
Wideacre came out in 2004.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Throne of Glass is written by Sarah J. Maas and released in 2012.
Yes, Throne of Glass was written by Sarah J Maas.
The Assassination Day is a good Sci-Fi movie.
You're welcome!
Sure! Jennifer Ehle starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
Yes, Mark Boal wrote Zero Dark Thirty Wilde.
She's a great actress. She also starred in a movie called X-Men 2.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he plays for Manchester United F.C.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he plays for the Uruguay national football team.
Yes, Shakira is also from Columbia. Do you like American Football?
Do you like Charlie and the Chocolate Factory because it is a comedy or because it is a comedy?
Yes, he also wrote Xenocide. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
I'm a fan of the Broncos. I'm a fan of the Broncos. Do you like them?
I'm a fan of football but I don't know much about football. I'm a fan of the Denver Broncos.
I don't know much about them, but I know they are coached by Mike Zimmer and Mike Zimmer.
Yes, I am a fan of Paul Pogba. He plays for the England National Football team. Do you like him?
I'm a fan of American Football. I'm a fan of American Football. What sport do you like?
Yes, he was a midfielder as well as a midfielder.
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People is a novel written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King?
He also wrote The Secret of Highly Effective People. Have you read this one?
I don't have any other information on 1989 but I can tell you that he also wrote The Habits of Highly Effective People
you are welcome
Yes, I do. It's a great Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
I like Charlie and the Choocolate Factory and the family genre. Do you like that genre?
Yes he was in Pirates of the Caribbean and at the World's End. Have you seen any of those?
He is a great actor and he also starred in the Pirates of the Caribbean: At the World's End.
Yes, it was written by J.R.R Tolkien.
Milo Forman also directed Man on the Moon. Have you seen that one?
Have you seen Prefontaine? It's a Historical period drama.
You might enjoy the movie Without Limits. It's a great historical period drama.
You're welcome!
Yes, Lauren Oliver wrote The Last Days of Future Past. Have you read any of those?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome!
Yes, Paul McCartney is a great actor. He starred in a lot of movies. Do you like him as a writer?
Yes, he also plays the Tambourine.
Yes, he is a member of the Velvet Underground.
Yes, he plays for the Chicago Bears.
Yes, he is a point guard for the Cleveland Cavaliers. Do you like basketball?
Yes he was born in New York City.
The Island is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Well, if you like sci-fi, you might like The Last Man or The Manchurian Candidate.
Moby Dick starred in that movie. It's a great sci-fi movie.
You're welcome!
I like him because he is a great actor. Do you like him because he is a writer?
Yes, he was a great actor. He was also in the Thriller XXXXVIII.
The Prestige is a Thriller and a Thriller. It was released in 2006
You're welcome
Yes, The Red Pyramid was written by J.R.R Tolkien.
Yes, The Looking Glass Wars is a fantasy novel similar to The Looking Glass Wars
You're welcome
He is a midfielder for the Spain national football team. Do you like him?
Yes, he plays for the Argentina National Football team. Do you like football?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like the Dallas Cowboys?
Sure! Sean Barrett wrote The Secret Agent. Have you read that one?
Yes it was released in 1980.
Yes, Waiting for the Barbarians was written by Sean Barrett and was released in 1980.
That was a great year for Whispers by Dean Koontz
I'm a fan of the Rockets, but I don't know much about them. Are they a basketball team?
I like basketball. I'm a big fan of the Rockets. What about you?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are in the NFC North division.
Sure! Voltaire has written a number of books. Some of them are The Last Man and The Last Man. Have you read any of them?
Candide is a musical theater. Do you like musicals?
Yes, I do. I think you might like the genre musical theater. It was released in 1717.
You're welcome!
Yes, I can. Some of my favorite children's books are The Great Gatsby's Tale and The Great Gatsby.
Yes, he also wrote The House at Pooh Corner. Have you heard of that one?
You're welcome!
Yes, he's a great player. Did you know he played for Manchester United F.C.?
Yes, he is a midfielder for Liverpool. Do you like him?
Is that the stadium in Everton?
Real Madrid C.F is coached by Jose Mourinho and Jose Mourinho. Do you like them?
Real Madrid C.F. is coached by Jose Mourinho.
I'm not a huge fan of football, but I do enjoy watching football. Do you like football?
Divergent is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like Speculative fiction?
Then you might like The Last Man or The Fugitive.
You're welcome!
Pulp Fiction has genre Thriller. Do you like that genre?
John Travolta also starred in Pulp Fiction. Have you seen it?
Sure, I can do that for you.
Yes, he plays for the Brazil national football team. Do you like soccer?
It's a speculative fiction novel.
Xenocide is a good one by him.
it is written in Spanish and is in English.
Yes, it is written in Spanish and is in English.
you're welcome.
I'm not a fan of baseball but I'm a fan of the New York Mets.
Yes, they have a good season this year. They have a good season this year.
I'm not sure who coaches the Mets. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm a fan of the Tennessee Titans. I'm a fan of the Tennessee Titans. Do you like them?
I don't know much about him, but I know he is a quarterback for the Tennessee Titans.
I'm a fan of the Tennessee Titans, but I don't know much about him. What is your favorite player?
Tuesdays with Morrie is a romance novel written by Jane Austen. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, she is a great actress. She was born in New York City. Do you like her work?
Yes, Cops is a mystery novel by her.
Yes, Gone is a great crime fiction novel. It was released in 2005.
Yes, Dennis Lahane is also a writer and author.
Do you like Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented?
It was released in 1891 and is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
The Woodlanders was released in 1891. It was released in 1891.
The Woodlanders was released in 1891 and was released in 1891.
Sure, he starred in a lot of movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
She Hate Me also starred in She Hate Me.
You're welcome!
Sure, she starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie. Have you seen either of those?
I'm not sure who else starred in Les visiteurs. Do you like her?
Yes, it's a French film.
You're welcome!
Yes, he's a great golfer. Do you like him? He's a great player.
Yes, he's from Ireland. Did you know he won the 2012 PGA Championship?
Yes, he's from Northern Ireland. Did you know he was born in Northern Ireland?
Do you like it because it is a sci-fi movie?
The Island of Dr. Moreau is a sci-fi movie.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other information on the sci-fi movies.
You're welcome!
District 9 is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Then you might like The Assassination of Zorro. It is also a thriller.
The Neon Demon is a Thriller and a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome!
Yes, she is a great singer. Do you like her music?
Yes, Jar of Hearts won the BNC Award for Best Singer of the Year Award.
I'm a fan of Classic Rock. I'm more of a rock fan. What do you like about her?
I'm not sure about 69 Eyes. I'm not sure about 69 Eyes, but I think it was released in 2011.
Yes, it was written by Frank Beddor. Do you like books by him?
Sure! She also wrote The Crucible and The Crucible. Have you read either of those?
Yes, he also wrote The Expendables and The Other Boleyn Girl.
You're welcome!
Sure! Todd Phillips wrote Into the Wild. Have you read that one?
He also wrote The Hangover Part II. Have you seen it?
Old School is a comedy. what else can i do for you?
Kyrie Ivring is a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
Yes, it's a great book written by J.R.R Tolkien. Do you like it?
Have you read The Nightingale? It was written by Hans Christian Andersen.
She sure did! She also wrote Winter Garden. Have you read it?
You're welcome!
He wrote Il Principe. Have you read it?
Yes he wrote the book in Spanish
He also wrote a book called Tempted.
You're welcome
Sure! Up is a Thriller and a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he also wrote Up. Have you seen it?
Brave has genre Thriller.
Brave is starring Craig Ferguson. Do you like Family movies?
You're welcome
They are a professional basketball team based in Houston, Texas. Do you like basketball?
I am not sure who was the runner up in that year.
Sure, he was the runner-up in the NBA Finals
Yes, he is a good player
The Gunslinger was written by Stephen King and released in 1982. Do you like Stephen King?
The Gunslinger was released in 2010.
You're welcome!
Sure! Do you like Fight Club because it's a thriller or because it's a Thriller?
Zodiac has a genre Thriller. Do you like that genre?
The production company is Zodiac, which is a crime fiction.
I'm a fan of the Cleveland Browns, but I don't know much about them. Are they a football team?
I'm a fan of the Dallas Cowboys. I'm a fan of the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like them?
Yes, he is the owner of the Browns. I think he's a great player.
That's right. I'm a fan of the Browns. I'm a fan of the Browns.
He's been in a number of films. He starred in a number of films. Is there a particular genre you are interested in?
He also wrote X-Men Origins: Wolverine
It is a Thriller and a Thriller
Yes he wrote
You're welcome
Sure! Tuesdays with Morrie is written by Jane Austen and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Tuesdays with Morrie is a Speculative fiction novel.
Sure, he also wrote Sense and Sensibility. Have you read any of these?
You're welcome!
Do you like Transformers because it is a Sci-Fi movie or because it is a sci-fi movie?
Do you like Predators because it is a Sci-Fi movie or because it is a Sci-Fi?
Captain America: The Winter Soldier is a great Sci-Fi movie.
Insurgent is a Sci-Fi movie starring Tom Cruise.
You're welcome
Yes, it's a great book written by J.R.R Tolkien. Do you like that author?
Billie Letts also wrote Where the Heart Is. Have you read it?
Yes, he also wrote Where the Heart Is. Have you read it?
You're welcome
Yes, he starred in a lot of movies. He also starred in XXXX. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Topher Grace also starred in Win a Date with the Nutcracker in 3D.
Yes, she also starred in Too Big to Fail.
Yes, he was in Too Big to Fail.
Yes, he also starred in X-Men Origins: Apocalyptic.
Do you like him because he is a writer?
Scarface is a crime movie he starred in. Do you like that genre?
Sure! Do you like sci-fi?
Avengers: Age of Ultron is a great sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
Yes, it is a science fiction movie.
You're welcome
Yes, he's a great basketball player. Do you like him?
I'm a fan of soccer, but I don't know much about soccer, but I do know he's a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks.
I'm a fan of the New England Patriots. Who's your favorite team?
I don't know much about them but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I'm not a fan of the Seahawks, but I'm a fan of the Seahawks. Do you like them?
I am a fan of the Patriots, but I am not a Patriots fan.
Yes, Outlander is written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King?
Diana Gabaldon also wrote Outlander. It's a great Sci-Fi book.
Xeneocide is a great Sci-Fi book written by Orson Scott Card.
You're welcome!
Yes, To Kill a Mockingbird is written by Harper Lee. Do you like Harper Lee books?
It's a great book. It was released in 1891 and is a fiction book.
Have you read To Kill a Mockingbird? It's a drama.
You're welcome
I don't know much about them, but I know they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like them?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he plays for Manchester United F.C.
Sure! One for the Money was written by J.R.R Tolkien. Do you like it because it is a Speculative fiction?
The Princess Diaries was written by J.R.R.R Tolkien
Yes it was written by Stephenie Meyer
Yes, New Moon is part of the series
You're welcome
Sure! Inside Out is written by Roberto Orci and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Mindy Kaling also starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
This is the End has a genre of Thriller and Drama.
That's a great movie! I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Jeff Garlin starred in The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen that one?
Yes, she has a television show. She also starred in a TV show called X-Men 2.
Sarah Silverman has starred in a number of television shows. She also starred in a TV show called The Expendables.
Sure! Ron Howard starred in Zookeeper. Have you seen that one?
Ron Howard directed a movie called Xenocide. Have you seen that one?
Well, if you like him, he also directed A Beautiful Mind.
Yes, he directed that one as well.
Mr. & Mrs. Smith was written by J.R.R.R Tolkien. Do you like his work?
Then you might like The Last Man or The Last Man. Have you seen any of those?
Sure! Donnie Darko is a Thriller and a Drama. Do you like dramas?
Yes he did. Do you like Richard Kelly?
Yes, it is considered a Thriller.
Yes, you might like The Hunger Games or The Hunger Games. Have you seen those?
You're welcome!
Throne of Glass is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Tower of Dawn has genre Thriller and Queen of Shadows has genre Thriller.
Have you read the Throne of Glass? It is a fantasy novel.
Sure, do you like it because it's a fantasy?
Gothika is starring Robert Downey Jr. and Robert Downey Jr..
You're welcome!
Yes, she wrote Go Ask Alice and Go Ask Alice.
Yes, it is a drama. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome!
Sure! The Proposal is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Sandra Bullock also starred in XXXX. Have you seen that one?
All About Steve is a comedy. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a great book written by J.R.R Tolkien. Have you read it?
Yes, he also wrote Paper Towns. Have you read that one?
It's a young adult fiction book. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome
Sure, Outlander is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like speculative fiction?
Brave New World was released in 2004.
It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
Eleanor & Park is written by Rainbow Rowell and released in 2013.
Yes, she also wrote My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories and Landline.
Lola and the Boy Next Door is a romance novel
You're welcome
Yes, he's a great actor. He starred in The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, John C. Reilly starred in Wreck-it Ralph. Have you seen it?
Well, if you like animated movies, you might like The Last Man or The Last Man.
I don't know much about her, but I do know she is a tennis player.
I like Serena better than Serena. I like Serena better than Serena.
I'm not sure about that but I do know that it's a comedy/drama.
Sure! Zach Snyder starred in a lot of great films. He also starred in a number of films. Have you seen any of those?
Sure, some of the actors in Night Watchmen are Robert De Niro and Robert Duvall.
Yes, it is considered a comedy and stars Matt Frewer.
Sure, you might like the X-Men Origins: Apocalypse or The Last Man.
Sure! Libba Bray wrote The Secret History of Beedle the Bard. Have you read that one?
Then you might like The Last Man or The Last Man. Both are fantasy books.
Yes, The Sweet Far Thing is a series.
Yes, I would recommend Xenocide, if you haven't read them.
You're welcome!
Rebecca was written by J.R.R Tolkien.
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
It was written by Daphne du Maurier. It is a historical period drama.
You're welcome!
I'm a fan of the Denver Broncos. They're coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
He's a quarterback for the Denver Broncos. He's a point guard for the Denver Broncos.
The Broncos coach is John Fox. Do you like the Broncos?
I like basketball. I'm a fan of basketball. Do you like basketball?
He's a great basketball player. I think he's a great player.
Andrés Iniesta is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Spain national football team.
I'm not sure who else is on the team. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he is the home stadium.
Do you like Wrinkle in Time because it is a Speculative fiction book?
It is a Speculative fiction book. Do you like Speculative fiction?
Have you heard of A Wind in the Door? It is also speculative fiction.
Yes, it was written by Robert O'Brien.
Yes, he is a great singer and a musician. Do you like his music?
I'm a huge fan of his music. I like his music. What about you? Do you like him?
No, I haven't heard that one. I think it's a good song.
Sure! Jules Feiffer wrote The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby.
The Phantom Tollbooth is a novel written by Jules Feiffer.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a quarterback and plays for the Carolina Panthers.
I don't know much about the Wildcats, but I do know they are coached by John Fox.
Yes, Woody Harrelson also starred in that movie. Do you like him?
Yes, Jean-Pierre Jeunet wrote The Virgin Suicides. Have you heard of that one?
Micmacs is an action film. Do you like action films?
Zulu has a genre Thriller. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome!
Thirteen Reasons Why is written by Jay Asher and released in 2007.
Well, he wrote Thirteen Reasons Why. Have you read that one?
I haven't read Uglies, but I think he's a great author.
I'm not sure when it was released, but I do know that Sonya Sones wrote it.
It's a young-adult fiction novel written by Emily Bronte. Do you like that genre?
Sure Jane Austen also wrote 'Emma' which is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
I'm not sure when she was released. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Yes, he's a great actor. He's starred in a lot of movies. Isn't he an actor?
Sure, if you like mystery movies, you might like The Incredible Hulk or The Incredible Hulk. Have you seen those?
Yes, The Red Violin is written by Tony Gilroy and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
Sure, I will do that.
