Sure. It's a great action thriller starring Morgan Freeman. Do you like his movies?
I've seen the movie, but there was a sequel to it as well, which is also considered a children's movie.
I believe so. It was similar to The Hitman's Bodyguard.
Yes, The Hitman's Bodyguard is considered action movies. Have you seen it?
Great, enjoy!
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans
She wrote The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian. Do you want a list of what she's written?
I believe it was released in 2011 and the genre is historical fiction
You're welcome
I know that Cameron Diaz and Ben Stiller starred in that movie. It's a great comedy.
She's been in a number of films including Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, The Black Dahlia, and There's Something About Mary.
No. I don't have that information. But I am Comic also starred Ben Stiller
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her work?
no i dont know. what else can i do for you?
yes she did. are you a fan of this genre?
no problem. are you interested in any other books by her?
Well since your asking of Don Cheadle, might I suggest The Guard?
It is considered a Romance and Drama film. Do you like Romance films?
Actually, Don Cheadle starred in The Guard as well as Don Cheadle.
Hope you enjoy it!
He plays cricket and was recently named Cricketer of the Year.
He is on the India national team, the Manchester United F.C. team.
Sachim Tendulkar, and Virat Kohli are a few players on the team.
Yes! Mike Newell directed Pushing Tin and Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time.
Pushing Tin is written by Mike Newell and stars Jennifer Jason Leigh.
Absolutely, Enjoy and have a great day.
Absolutely, enjoy and have a great day!
I think he is the best small forward of all time, he is an underrated athlete.
Yes, he is a good basketball player. I don't follow the Warriors too much. How about you?
Oh nice. I watch the Rockets sometimes. My favorite team is the Lakers.
Oh, that's too bad. I watch Snoop Dogg from time to time.
I do. I like Cam Newton, a Quarterback of Carolina Panthers.
Hot Fuzz is a black comedy and parody film starring John Malkovich.
Yes, you are correct! I think Shaun of the Dead is a Sci-Fi movie
Sorry, I don't have that information.
No problem, enjoy.
He was in Count Dracula that also starred Louis Jourdan.
Absolutely! Other romance films in that genre include "The Looking Glass Wars", "The Golden Compass." Would you like more recommendations?
You are very welcome! Happy to help!
I love that movie. It stars Spike Jonze and Sean Penn. Do you like them?
Yes, I have seen them. If you like thrillers, you should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Will do. Enjoy!
Will do. Enjoy!
I do too, he directed several movies such as We Are Not So Smart and Face Off.
It was written by Oscar Wilde and starred Jim Carrey.
Fiona Shaw starred in this movie and she also starred in Casanova.
Here are two good ones: What Happens in Vegas and It's a Comedy
No, it is a Horror film, similar to Where the Stranger Calls.
You're welcome.
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
William Directed The Hunted, The French Collection, and The Exorcist just to name a few.
The Hunted is a fantasy comedy and The French Connection is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
The Devil and Father Amorth was released in 1999 and is a drama/mystery film. Would you like other recommendations?
The Great Gatsby is a timeless classic! Are you interested in books about the American Dream, or would you prefer other works by F. Scott Fitzgerald?
Then you'll like Tender is the Night.
The Surgeon is written byurgeon. Would you like me to add it to your reading list?
Do you like the book because it is a romance or because it is a fantasy?
Yes, she has. She also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex.
Done. Enjoy!
Enjoy!
Sure! Unforgiven starred David Schwimmer from the Twilight series. Do you like thrillers?
Morgan Freeman starred in The Box and it's a comedy drama.
Those are my favorite, but I haven't seen them yet. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Josh Hutcherson wrote The Kids Are All Right, and the entire Hunger Game series. Have you read any of these?
The Hunger Games has genre Young-adult fiction. Have you seen it?
I hope you enjoy it!
Well, Madonna is an icon. She starred in Fast Times at Ridgemont High which was also a film.
I don't have that information right now. I do know she was married to Sean Penn from Fast Times at Ridgemont High.
Yes, he did. He starred in Snoop Dogg, which was a comedy as well.
Not sure but I see a listing for an athlete in India for Cricket.
Yes, and he also play for Chennai Super Kings. I believe he is from India.
You are welcome!
Amy Poehler wrote, Yes Please have you read this book?
sorry i do not have that information. anything else i can do for you?
Lorne Michaels starred in Mean Girls. what else can i do for you today?
Tina Fey has written several books like The Wedding Date. what else can i do for you today?
Yes, Arsenal is a sports team. It is a European Football team based in England.
I don't. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about the Dodgers?
The Redskins is my favorite team!
Jonathan Levine directed The Wackness, starring Mary Kate Olsen. It's a romantic comedy
Jane Adams also starred in X-Men Apocalypse and Rakie Ayola.
Yes, it was released in 2014.
No problem
He starred in Taken 2 and Taken 3. Have you seen those?
Colombiana also starred in Taken 3 and Taken 2. Have you seen those?
Sorry, I don't have that information. Something else I can help you with?
Enjoy!
Probably so, however their coach Mike McCarthy seems very effective. They're not doing too well this year.
I think it's overrated so it's not overrated XXXVIII.
Thanks for the info.
Well, Iron Man was a great action movie by Jon Favreau. Similar movies like The Incredible Hulk, or The Avengers by Stan Lee might interest you.
I do, he starred in the show O.C
He also starred in The Nightingale, which is a science fiction film. Have you seen it?
George Clooney is probably one of the most well-known actors in that film. He also wrote The Great Gatsby and Lena Olin.
You're welcome.
By Dean Koontz?
It was written by Jerry Bruckheimer. It's part of the series that includes his work.
The Lady in the Lake was also written by that author.
Have you read The Man in the Iron Mask or Rob Roy?
Have you read The Man in the Iron Mask or Rob Roy?
You're welcome
I think she is a great singer and actress. Did you know she starred in Men in Black 3?
Do you like pop music?
You know, not a fan of David Guetta, but I do know that she has co-stared with Jessica Biel. I think you would like it.
Of course, I am assuming you enjoy romance novels?
Yes it was. 2012 was the year that released The Last Anniversary.
I like thrillers also. Then you might like Shark Night.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Judd Apatow wrote the comedy film This is 40 as well as the romance movie Knocked Up
Groundhog Day was written by Wes Craven and produced by Jon Tenney and DJ Pooh. Do you like Drama movies?
He did and he was also in Zero Dark Thirty, Wrath of the Titans, and Shaun of the Dead.
He also directed and produced Knocked Up, which was a comedy.
Sure, it stars Steve Buscemi and Bill Murray and is a comedy-drama.
I don't know of any other films he wrote. Sorry
You're welcome!
Isn't he a composer and songwriter? The name is familiar but I can't place him specifically.
There isn't a lot of information about them, do you like any other works?
Yes, i like them too. They have a lot of great players. My favorite would be Tom Petty.
That's a nice one. I like his voice a lot in Cadillac Record movie
I heard There's Something About Mary is a good book, but i never read it. It is written by Bobby Farrelly
I haven't seen that one but did you know that Ben Stiller also wrote Zoolander?
It is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society
Both books are in the genre of historical fiction.
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
Great! Have a good day!
George Orwell wrote it, and released it in 1945. Do you like her work?
He also wrote Nineteen Eighty-Four. Have you heard of that one?
Yes, her book The Temple of My Familiar is one of my favorites.
I am not sure about it. I know it was released in 1989
I would call it a drama
Your welcome
I have no idea about Oldboy. I know it was written by Park Chan-wook though.
Have you seen the latest movie with the same actor, George Clooney, or Tyler Perry?
It stars Keanu Reeves and Jada Pinkett Smith.
She starred in the suspense film, Predators.
You're welcome!
I recommend The Ice Storm starring Tobey Maguire.
The Skeleton Key is a popular one he produced.
Sure, Woody Allen wrote The Sorcerer's Apprentice, which is a Crime Fiction film.
Yes, Zsa Zsa Zsa Gabor is a Japanese film director, producer, and screenwriter. She was born in 1937.
It is a Crime Fiction. Would you like to know more about it?
Jurassic Park is written by Steven Spielberg. Its considered a thriller and a war film.
Yes there was. It is a thriller, do you like thrillers?
Yes, he did. Colin Terrow directed Jurassic World.
Rickie plays golf for the U.S. right?
I don't know much about Rickie Fowler Rickie Fowler is an American professional golfer who plays as a midfielder on the PGA Tour.
Is that the movie written by Adam Sandler?
Yes. I have other books written by J.R.R. Tolkien.
I found The Golden Compass, The Looking Glass Wars, and The Golden Compass.
I don't know any similar books, but I look into several adventure books like The Silmarillion.
Wes Craven directed Scream 4 which starred Rory Culkin and Erik Knudsen. Have you seen this movie?
I hear that it was a great movie! Similar to Gravity, which is also a Horror Thriller.
Awesome! I'll add it to your watch list!
The Lost World: Jurassic Park is a modern remake of the movie! Its a classic!
Then you might like Zombieland, X-Men 2 or World War Z.
I think you'll enjoy the original X-Men movie.
Sure! He starred in Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow. Have you seen those?
Surviving Picasso is American. He is a French actor, poet, songwriter, and actor.
Joss Ackler also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and The House of Mirth. Have you seen any of those?
The Little Prince would be considered a historical period drama.
Sure. Have a great day.
Hes great and has a wonderful wife in Gisele
I didn't know that. Is it a drama or a romantic comedy?
That's too bad. He was in that family movie as well. It was a hilarious movie.
I definitely recommend Die Hard with a Vengeance, starring Bruce Willis.
If you like Bruce Willis, you might also enjoy Hudson Hawk. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. He also wrote Die Hard with a Vengeance too.
You will definitely enjoy A Good Day to Die Hard as well!
Aliens is written by Ronald Shusett. Have you seen it? It's a great movie.
Argo and Grabbers are both sci-fi movies. Have you seen them?
Bats was released in 1986 and is considered a vampire, but it stars a little bit of drama.
You're welcome!
He directed the science fiction film Eraserhead.
Have you seen Zombieland? It is a good sci-fi flick.
She did, and she also starred in I, Robot, which is a thriller.
Enjoy!
Alice Braga starred in The Rite and Repo Men
Repo Men is written by David Mendez, starring Tom Hanks.
He wrote a couple of movies called We Were Soldiers, Wild Hogs, The Puffy Chair and The Brown Bunny.
Sure! Brett Helquist wrote The Vile Village, The Slippery Slope, and The Reptile Room. Have you read any of these?
It is a mystery and co-written by Lauren Oliver. Are you familiar with his work?
Its a mystery/suspense book, do you like those types of books?
Yes, I do. Do you enjoy him as an actor or singer?
He has a son named Justin. I think he will be a musician as well.
I have not seen it but I will look into it. Thanks for the information!
I'll send you a link now.
Yes, he starred in Windtalkers, Warrior, and Tumbleweeds just to name a few. Have you seen any of those?
I'm looking for a drama, like The Manchurian Candidate or The Manchurian Candidate might be a good choice.
It's starring Winona Ryder and Willie Garson.
Glad I could help. Enjoy the movie!
He is the player in Barcelona?
Not really, I think I'll watch soccer movies like Remember the Titans.
Yes, that's true. My son is a great player. She also is a musician.
Harry Potter and the cursed child is written by J.K. Rowling. It was released in 1988.
Jack Thorne wrote Harry Potter and the cursed Child, which was released in 2001.
I don't know much about them. Who are their key players?
They're in action/adventure stuff. I'm not sure if they're in the same division.
They are part of the AFC West.
Sure! Eoin Colfer wrote The Phantom Tollbooth. Have you read that one yet?
Yes, it was released in 2008. That was the same year The Lady Elizabeth was released.
I have not read that one, but I know it was released in 1974.
I do he is one of my favorite songs. Did you know he is friends with Selena Gomez?
Are you a fan of the genres?
I like R &B, too. In that case, I think you might enjoy The Muppets or The Giver.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure, he is a professional basketball player who plays as a point guard for Boston.
I would definitely recommend the Boston Celtics. Their team is coached by Doc Rivers and Brad Stevens.
Yesterday was the Finals. That was a good game.
Yes, Christopher Nolan wrote The Dark Knight Rises, Memento, and Inception
He is a Russian author. His novel "Crime and Punishment" has been called the most famous novel in the world( as per IMDB)
Yes, рестуление и накаание is written in English.
Yes, it is. Much like рестуление и накаание or диот?
No problem. Glad to help.
It is part of the series The Oz Books, would you be interested in others in the series?
You might enjoy The Golden Compass or The Fall if you like fantasy.
I would recommend The Golden Compass or The Fall if you like fantasy. Both are great reads.
You're very welcome. Enjoy the books!
Yes, he is a soccer player for Dortmund. He's a midfielder/forward.
He is a professional soccer player who plays as a midfielder and forward.
Yes, you are correct. He is also a Cricket player.
The movie starring Robert Duvall?
Sure! Do you like books written by Corn of Thorns or young adult fiction?
Were you looking for something also written by Sarah J. Maas?
How about A Corn of Thorns and Roses? I would also recommend Water for Elephants.
You're welcome.
Are you looking for action or fantasy by James Cameron?
That's correct. It also stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet, which is considered a fantasy.
Titanic came out in 2007 and also starred Leonardo DiCaprio in The Aviator.
You're welcome
Yes, I love her! Did you know she was influenced by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.?
Then you might enjoy Welcome to Temptation, Where Rainbows End or Wide Sargasso Sea. Have you read those?
Yes, it is. If you like romance novels, you'll like Welcome to Temptation
She wrote The Hunger Games and Mockingjay.
I am not a huge tennis fan, but I know Venus Williams is great as well. Do you like her?
I like Stefi Graff. I think Martina Navo was great in that movie.
Yes, I really think she's from Guadalajara.
Yes. Michelle Wie is a female golf athlete from Honolulu.
That's awesome. Did you know she won the PGA Tour in 2016?
That's amazing! What is your favorite sport?
Do you like docudramas? She is known for those.
Reflected in You is a Romance/Comedy. Do you like those genres?
Yes, she did write Reflected in You, which was released in 2016.
Sure. Margaret Atwood has written many different books. Her most recent work is MaddAddam but she's also worked on a Graphic Novel by the name of Angel Catbird. What were you looking for?
The Handmaid Tale falls under genre Speculative fiction. Does that interest you?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Have a great day!
I know a little about him. He was in the movies, Zero Dark Thirty, Wrath of the Titans and Vantage Point. Have you heard of those movies?
The move Carlos is starring BraveHeart, which is also a thriller.
It was released on November 9th, 2017. It is an interesting story.
Of course! A few that come to mind are "Tempted" and "Redeemed." Both are by the same author. Would you like to know more?
Tahereh Mafi wrote The World According to Garp.
Yes, It was released in 2014 which is the same year You Are Not So Smart was released.
It was released in 2014. It's a novella.
The Looking Glass Wars is a great fantasy novel, I think you would like that one.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Wally Lamb wrote several books such as She's Come Undone and The Hour I First Believed. Do you like Fiction?
It was released in 2012. It is also a film adaptation.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
Sure. He directed Finding Neverland. Do you like family movies?
They are both historical fiction.
Jeff Bridges is one of the starring actors in Neverland.
It came out in 2013 and is a drama.
Sure
You are welcome
Yes I do! He has written A separate Peace which is a good novel.
It's a novel, Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, the book is similar to Un Lun Duns.
Your welcome
The Waves is a book if you like the genre Reference. Have you read this?
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion.
Yes, Death Comes to Harlem is another great one.
She also wrote Mansfield Park as well.
The Giver was first in a series of books wriiten by Lois Lowry, the next is Gathering Blue,
Cool, I can recommend Wildwood Dancing and When You Reach Me.
I hope you enjoy it.
Did you enjoy Fight Club becuase it is a Thriller or the Drama Aspects?
I don't know that information, but he is a pretty good actor.
You're welcome.
Would you like to read books about Harry Potter or other fantasy movies?
Have you seen Mary Shelley's Frankenstein? It is a fantasy movie.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Sure. Mindy Kaling wrote The Office. It's a thriller. Do you like that genre?
It's a crime fiction film starring Mindy Kaling. Do you like those kinds of movies?
I believe it's crime fiction.
Enjoy!
Aylmer wrote оскресение.
Anna Karenina also wrote она и мир.
Ok, enjoy reading it!
Cathereine Hardwicke wrote The Throne of Fire and The Last Temptation. Have you read either of those?
The starring in Red Riding Hood are Amanda Seyfried, Gary Oldman, and Billy Burke.
She also directed Gulliver's Travels.
He is a soccer player from England. He plays the forward position.
I know he played on the England National Football team and was born in Beverly Hills. He is a midfielder.
Yes he is a forward and a midfielder.
Yes. He's a good actress. She also starred in City of Bones and X-Men
Yes, he was. He is a great actor. Most of his movies are in the English language.
Cool, I like him and also starred in Minority Report and The Magician's Daughter. Both are excellent films.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Where'd You Go, Bernadette is written by Maria Semple.
Yes she does write that book. Did you know she also author is a scientist?
Sure thing!
Sure! Lauren Kate wrote Passion and Rapture. Have you read either of those?
Sure. It was released in 2010. It's about a young-adult fiction novel that was turned into a film.
Of course, enjoy!
Lewis Carroll wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and Through the Looking-Glass. Have you already read those?
I haven't seen it, but I do know it was directed by Frank Beddor.
Well, if you like children's movies, you might enjoy The Rum Diary. It's one of my favorites.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Well, I'm sure you'll enjoy The Rum Diary. I'm sure you will enjoy it.
Yes I have. It is one of those teams coached by David Platt. Do you like him?
No, I don't have that information. Can you tell me who is his current player?
You are welcome, have a great day!
Sure! Lauren Oliver wrote To Rome with Love. To Rome with Love is a Romance. what else can i do for you?
You might like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
I'm not sure, but it's a Thriller.
You're welcome.
Sure. David Silverman directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen it yet?
Tim Long and Matt Selman wrote The Simpsons movie.
Yes, they are the same writer as The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen it?
You too!
He is an athlete who plays cricket for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
I am not a fan of the sport. But I do catch a match from time to time.
He's a prolific writer. But I don't really follow cricket.
Yes That is a good movie starring Orlando Bloom, Billy Boyd, and Bernard Hill. Do you like the Lord of The Rings?
Sure, he starred in The Good Doctor and Zulu.
Great, Another movie in that genre is The Return of the King starring Orlando Bloom
Yes I do. The Death Cure is one of a Sci-Fi Series.
It was written by Rick Riordan. It is a young-adult fiction novel.
I will check it out. It's by James Dashner.
Nicola Kraus wrote The Nanny Diaries.
I would recommend Funny Girl. She is also a writer and a comedian.
It was written by J.K. Rowling, and is a Fantasy book. Do you like fantasy books?
I am not sure he starred in a TV show but I think he was also in a movie called Beastly.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes! He starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like action movies?
Sure! Do you like Horror movies?
Sure, he also starred in Grindhouse and Death Proof. Have you seen either of those?
Oprah Winfrey, and Tracie Thoms.
I hope you enjoy it!
I think she's a great singer and actress. Did you know she starred in The Smurfs?
He directed Escape from New York and in the movie is starring Tom Atkins, have you seen either of those?
I would recommend Escape from New York than. It's a mystery/drama.
Sophie Okonedo and Jodie Foster also starred in it. It's a crime thriller.
Yes, JK Tolken. It stars Orlando Bloom and Chrisopher Lee.
Great, is there anything else I can help you with?
What Planet Are You From is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I don't know much about Venus but I do know that she is friends with Serena Williams.
Yes, Serena has quite a few wins. Would you like me to look Serena up?
Wow, that's very interesting.
I don't know much about him either I know he plays Midfielder and forward. I do know that he is also a Forward.
I don't believe that, but I do know he is a captain.
I do like American Football. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who are your favorite teams?
I would. It was written by John Hughes and is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
If you like comedy, you might like There's Something About Mary. It's more of a Thriller/Docudrama.
I believe it was released in 2004
You are welcome
Wasn't he a featured artist on the dance-pop album Unbroken?
Well, he does a lot of things but I don't know if he is in a relationship with Jordin Sparks, I think he's a very good singer
Absolutely. I think Selena Gomez is a very talented man. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you like Shawshank Redemption because it is written by Stephen King?
He also starred in The Green Mile. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome.
I sure can. It sounds like you like fantasy books so I would recommend The Looking Glass Wars.
I am not certain. I do know it was released in 1961.
Ursula K. Le Guin is a science fiction book.
I do! He starred in Deadpool and The Transporter Refueled. Are you familiar with those movies?
Yes, Radivoje Bukvic is a very good actor. Have you seen Radivoje Bukvic?
It's a thriller and action film.
Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore.
You might like Scream 4. It's also a thriller and crime movie.
You are welcome.
Yes, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade is written by Philip Kaufman.
Journey To The Center Of The Earth is a good one.
Journey To The Center Of The Earth is a good one.
Robit Sarma i an Athlete who play in Indians Team.
He plays Cricket for the Mumbai Indians and is from the United States.
Yes, he does.
Yes. It looks like he also plays for the Mumbai Indians.
I recommend Island.
It was published in 1886 and is part of a series.
Yes, you're right. They're the only one I know of.
That's a great book by Ian McEwan. It was released in 2001.
Christopher Hampton also wrote The Throne of Fire, The Titan's Curse, and The Son of Neptune. Have you read any of those?
The Quiet American is a genre of Thriller, Drama, and Mystery.
Without Remorse is a thriller, thriller and drama. It is also a suspense film.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
2012 was written by Roland Emmerich and Harald Kloser and directed by Emmerich. Do you his movies or are you interested in something in the same genre?
thriller and science fiction
Sean Connery starred in it.
Yes the sequel Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
I can recommend another movie directed by Tate Taylor-I Spy
Yes, it is. I haven't seen it but I haven't seen it. It's a good one with Will Smith.
Yes. Ryan Reynolds was in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and Woman in Gold.
I know she starred in The Muppets a musical comedy.
That's right! I haven't seen it yet, but I know I will check it out. Thanks for the info.
Yes, I do. It was written by John Grisham and is a romance novel.
It is a psychological thriller, do you like that genre?
The Firm is also a thriller that stars John Grisham.
Great, enjoy the movie!
He is a football player. I think he is a good player
I don't
I enjoy watching college football and I like American Football
Who is your favorite team?
Yes it would be considered soccer in the summer too.
I am not that familiar with them. I don't follow soccer at all. Is that your favorite sport?
Yeah, I heard they are a good team.
I agree. They are a good team.
Are you a fan of the author, John Scalzi?
It is a mystery, similar to Darkness at the moment.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She has other books, Do you like the Romance genre?
Yes, it was written by Luc Besson
That book was written by Virginia Woolf who also wrote To The Lighthouse.
Have you read No Country for Old Men? It was actually made into a movie.
It is fiction and adventure. Do you like that genre?
Have a good day.
Yes, she was in that song. Did you know she was also a singer?
Yes, she did! That was one of her best shows.
Oh yea that's what I meant. She was a one of my favorites!
Alejandro Amenábar directed The Godfather. Its a Spanish drama. Are you interested in this genre?
The Others starred Nicole Kidman and Keith Allen.
Enjoy!
Well, he wrote Madame Bovary. Are you interested in Literary realism?
It's a historical novel released in 1856.
Yes, another romance novel is The Return of the Native. Have you read that?
He wrote The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy. Have you read this one?
That's a good one. He was born in 1856. Would you like me to add it to your list?
It's a romance novel. If you like romance novels, you'll like Welcome to Temptation.
If you like fiction you might also like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
You're welcome!
I do too. He's been in The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October.
Yes, he wrote Nostromo: a Tale of the Seaboard.
Yes it's a very new book. It was released in 1931.
It was released in 2007.
He wrote The Road and The Crossing.
I have The Running Man and The Time Machine
Sean Connery is the author of Your Heart Belongs to Me.
It was released in 2004.
Of course, enjoy!
Jane Eyre is a fiction work written by Michael Mason. Do you like Romance novels?
Sure. He also wrote Jane Eyre which is a romance novel.
I don't think so. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome.
It was written by Malala Yousafzai.
He also wrote The Girl from Aleppo, Farewell Kabul and The Africa House.
Veronika Decide Morrer is listed as a Children's Literature.
He is also an author, he wrote The Girl on the Train.
I believe he is playing for the Detroit Pistons. Did you know he is a basketball player?
I like sports. I am a Lakers fan. How about you?
Yes, I agree. The Lakers would be a great team as well!
O Alquimista was written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988. In English, it's called The Alchemist. Have you read that?
Paulo Coelho also wrote The Alchemist. This book is in English. Have you read that one?
I will do that. Enjoy!
Sure! Divine Secrets of the Ya=Ya Sisterhood is written by Rebecca Wells, It's a novel genre.
She has written Ya-Yas in Bloom, she also wrote Little Altars Everywhere.
Enjoy!
Sure! Kami Garcia wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Redemption which are Young-adult fiction novels. Have you read either of these yet?
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You are welcome.
She wrote Throne of Glass , and The Assassin's Blade.
She also wrote The Assassin's Blade and the Assassin and the Underworld.
Great, hope you enjoy it!
Wonderful. Enjoy!
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a Sci-Fi Action movie. Do you like these genres?
Kodi also starred in Slow west with Ben Mendlesohn.
Dead Europe is a thriller. It is also a film.
You are welcome!
Yes. The movie Artificial Intelligence is directed by Steven Spielberg. Would you like to hear more titles by this director
I recommend The X-Men series, it is a great.
Absolutely, have a great day I know you are welcome have a great day
It was written by Evan Goldberg. Are you interested in other Evan Goldberg movies?
It is a Psychological Thriller and Comedy, released in 2014.
Evan Goldberg also starred in The Guilt Trip.
Do you enjoy this book because it is a war movie or because it is a war movie?
He has also written Thirteen Moons and The Cold Mountain.
It was released in 2009 and is a drama/fantasy. It's also available on Amazon.
Enjoy!
I liked them better when Jason Witten was playing, but they're still a pretty good team. Are you a fan of the Cowboys?
He was in the movie Jerry Jones played for the Dallas Cowboys. Did you know he also starred in the movie Star Trek?
Oh yeah. That's a reality show. Do you like reality?
It was written by Steve Oedekerk, who also directed Kung Pow: Enter the Fist
Sure. He also starred in Ace Ventura: Pet Detective, and Dumb and Dumber.
That's the only information I have on that. He was also a star in Ace Ventura: Pet Detective.
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Hunger Games. Do you like Horror films?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now. But he was also in The Kids Are All Right.
I'm afraid I don't know of any other movies she was in.
The movie is adventure and comedy.
You're welcome!
Do you like thrillers?
He also wrote Grindhouse which is a crime fiction.
You're welcome!
You are welcome.
She wrote Mean Girls and Bossypants.
Yes, he was in the Kite Runner. The Kite Runner is written by Khaled Hosseini
Sure. Tate worked on The Help, starring Bryce Dallas Howard and Ahna O'Relilly. Have you seen it?
Yes, Cicely Tyson plays in The Help and Get on Up too.
She starred in The Women of Brewster Place with Oprah Winfrey.
No problem! I hope you enjoy!
Sure! Are you interested in the writer, Christopher Nolan, or the star, Tom Hardy, at all?
Christopher Nolan directed Inception
Star Wars is a great one! It is written by George Lucas. He also directed Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Have you seen it?
Indiana Jones starred in the original Star Wars film, Indiana Jones. It is also a very good film.
Yes, it is also a Drama.
Sure! Do you like Fiction? You may want to check out The First Man in Rome or Lost Souls.
She has also written Circling the Sun that I found for you. Have you heard of it?
I'm not sure but it was released in the year 2015
I'm not sure but it was released in 2015.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Lea Thompson starred in movies like The Wild Life, The Dog Lover and The Wild Life.
She starred in Postcards from the Rock and Pieces of April. Have you seen either of those?
I think you'll really enjoy Back to the Future Part II. Anything else I can help you with?
He also wrote A Christmas Carol, which is a very good movie.
OK. I will add those to your list.
I do, it was written by Francis Ford Coppola and starred Talia Shire and Sofia Coppola.
Yes, that he did. The Godfather Part II starring Sofia Coppola.
Yes he did. That movie stars Marlon Brando and is a crime movie.
He has written The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson, The Man in the High Castle, and The Proposal. Have you read any of those?
He also wrote The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss. Have you read that one?
Yes it is! It was released in 2004, the same year as The Crucible. Have you read that one?
Of course! I also recommend the book The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants.
He is an American professional footballer who plays as a forward for German club West Ham United and the German national team.
She's written a number of novels including Graceling, Fire and Bitterblue. Do you like Romace, Fantasy or Speculative fiction?
She also wrote Graceling, Fire, and Bitterblue. Do you like Romace and Fantasy genres?
I don't know that but I see it was written by William Nicholson
Sure, it was a great children's book. Other books in this genre are; The Witch of Blackbird Pond and The Giver.
The Giver is written by Lois Lowry, have you read it?
In my opinion, he's the best Quarterback in the league right now.
I do, the Dallas Cowboys are my favorite. Which team is yours?
I haven't. But my favorite football team is Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite quarterback?
Toni Morrison and Ray Winstone also starred in Snow White and the Huntsman.
It was written by Rick Riordan. It is a Young-adult fiction book. Do you like this genre?
The Lost Hero has genre Romance
Yes,The Titan's Curse is also young adult fiction
You are welcome
Monsters University Movie
Alexis Dziena and Dan Scanlon also starred in Monsters University. It was directed by Frank Darabont.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, he has written The Merchant of Venice and The Titan's Curse. Are you familiar with those?
The Prince is a historical fiction.
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People is a book similar to The Prince.
Yes, I think I love his song Hero, it came out a while ago. Do you?
No, I am not a huge fan of his music but I have heard some of his songs from them all.
I have never heard of him but I will have to check out some of his music videos.
Sure! Do you like books written by Truman Capote?
He also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Murder by Death. Would you like more information about this?
No problem, I'm glad to help!
It was written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010. Have you read it?
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Skloot and it has a genre of Historical fiction.
Sure, it was written by Rebecca Stead. It's a Biography and a historical period drama.
Sure, it was written by Richard LaGravenese and released in 1999.
I love her music. My favorite is I'm Not Dead by Pink. What is yours?
I was not a fan of her music. I like some of her songs like Valentine's Day, The Lorax, and Love is Gone.
I don't read any of her music. Is she a good artist?
Sure, she has starred in White Squall and The Princess Diaries, among others.
White Squall is a documentary film and some stars include Jeff Bridges, Jason Marsden, and Jason Marsden.
Are you looking for similar science fiction films?
Yes, that is correct. I don't have any information on that, is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Of course. Charles Dickens wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop, to name a few.
It was released in 1985 and was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Are you a fan of Robert Louis Stevenson?
I don't know, but I can tell you he was born in 1835.
Enjoy!
John Grogan wrote Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog. Did you know it was turned into a movie?
Sure, Marley & Me was written by John Grogan. Did you know that he also starred in Marley & Me?
Sure! Do you like Scream because it's a crime fiction?
Of course, I like that movie as well, I also recommend Scream 4.
It is a romantic comedy, starring Johnny Depp. The movie was released in 1997 and starred Johnny Depp.
Sure. Sylvester Stallone directed The Expendables starring Jet Li and Jason Statham.
Yes, he was. Randy Couture was in The Expendables. Do you like him?
Robert De Niro, Martin Scorsese, and Ethan Hawke also starred in Redbelt.
Yes, it written by Cassandra Clare and released 2014. Have you read it?
The genre is fantasy. Do you like fantasy books?
It's a great one. Cassandra Clare wrote The Iron Trial and Lady Midnight in the same genre as well. These books are also fantasy.
Natural Born Killers is similar to Pulp Fiction.
It stars Keanu Reeves, Robert De Niro, and David Opatoshu.
He, from China, is famous for his table tennis ability, which is awesome to watch.
That's interesting! That's where he's from.
I like swimmers, too. I'm also a huge fan of swimmers.
You are very welcome!
Bobby Farrelly starred in Stuck on You. Stuck on You is written by Peter Farrelly. Would you like more information about him?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Matt Damon also starred in Green Zone which is a thriller.
Rob Cohen directed: The Skulls starring Leslie Bibb. He als directed The Fast and the Furious
I am not sure, but I can tell you it is a drama produced by John Pogue.
No problem.
Not much, I know it is a German sports club based in Munich. They have a game this coming Saturday.
Its a soccer team
Yes, he did
I believe he was a musician who also played cricket
I'm not sure. I don't follow cricket too closely.
Certainly! Million Dollar Baby was directed by him. He also starred in it. Great movie!
Tommy Lee Jones starred in that movie as well and it is a comedy.
Enjoy!
The Lives of Others and The Tourist are two good ones.
The Tourist is a drama. The Lives of Others is a psychological thriller and The Tourist is a drama.
Florian also directed The Tourist starring Angelina Jolie and Johnny Depp.
It was released in 2003.
It was written by Frank Darabont.
Glad I could help!
I think they are ok. I think Coach Steve Kerr is doing an awesome job leading the team. How about you?
Did you know he won the NBA All Rookie of the Year award?
Oh, I agree. He's one of the greatest quarterbacks ever!
Jane Eyre is a fiction work written by Michael Mason. Do you like Romance novels?
Jane Eyre is actually a book. He wrote Villette and The Professor.
Don't mention it
I think he's a good basketball player but I don't know much about him.
I enjoy watching college baseball. What about you?
Yes, I did.
He wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read it?
The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas has genre Tragicomedy.
You are welcome.
I don't know a whole lot but I know it was written by James Frey. Do you enjoy speculative fiction?
It was released in 2014 and is a historical fiction genre.
Yes, he has directed The World's End, The Truman Show, and No Country for Old Men.
Richard Andrews is the author of The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark.
1600 was also the year that released The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark
I am not sure about that but I do know Shakespear wrote The Winter's Tale.
Sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he is an athlete from Greifswald and plays for the Germany National Football team as a midfielder.
Yes, he is, he is also a midfielder and a forward as well.
Not really, I am more of a American Football fan. What about you?
Isn't he a tennis player?
Basel is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Is she the Call Me Maybe girl?
Yes, she won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Video.
Yes, she is also a musician as well. She has written a few songs like We Found Love, and Thank You for Smoking.
Sure, do you like jaws because it is written by Peter Benchley?
Yes, he did. Keith Gordon also wrote the movie Jaws 2.
You're welcome
Sure! She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie
It was written by Louis Sachar. It is a romance film.
It's a romance film. Do you like romance films?
I can tell you that he directed the thriller The Pelican Brief. Have you seen it?
It is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 2012 and stars Denzel Washington.
I also have information that Craig T. Nelson starred in How to Train Your Dragon and How to Train Your Dragon 2.
Leslie Bibb has also starred in Winnie the Pooh and The Weeknd.
You're welcome
I know that they're an NFC south team and i believe Lovey Smith is the coach
I do. I'm a fan of the New Orleans Saints. Do you like football?
I like to watch football. I like the San Diego Chargers. How about you?
Not so bad, heard they sung the song One Step Closer. Do you know this song?
I do not know much about Somewhere I Belong, but I do know Joe Hahn is also a member of the industry.
Yes, I bet you heard of that band too. Somewhere I Belong is also a recommendation
Yes, I do. But I prefer the Dallas Cowboys. Which team is your favorite?
Yeah, they did! They were the runner ups in Super Bowl XLVII, did you know that?
Tom Brady is the owner of that team, but I think the Patriots have won a few Super Bowls.
Sure! Do you like novels written by Truman Capote?
Yes, another crime drama novel is Utterly Cold Blooded. If you've heard of it, you might enjoy Water for Elephants.
Yes, it was. It was based on a true story.
Sure, which genre do you prefer? Fantasy, Comedy or Adventure?
Yes, it also stars Josh Brolin. Do you like him?
Ok. Garfield also starred in Galaxy Quest. Have you seen that one?
They are pretty good. They were runners up in the 2003 NBA Finals.
Yes, I like basketball. What's your favorite team?
Not really. But I do like the Dallas Cowboys. Which team is your favorite?
I knew it was a horror movie but I had no idea. She was pretty good in The Manchurian Candidate.
She was in the movies Friends with Benefits and No Strings Attached. She was in those as well.
Ted also starred Sylvester Stallone and Alexis Dziena.
Enjoy!
Sure. He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen that?
Yes he was, along with Winona Ryder.
Yes, I think it was 1994.
I do, I love the Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End. Is it a fantasy movie?
He was. I'm not sure how much actor was in that movie, but I do know he was also in The Good Doctor.
I'd recommend The Good Doctor. It's a thriller.
Do you like X-Men Origins because it is a thriller or because it is science fiction?
Sure, he also starred in The Wolverine, which is a science fiction film.
Waiting also stars Anne Hathaway.
You are very welcome, please enjoy
Sure, do you like it because it is a crime fiction movie or because of the actors in it?
Of course! He was in Good Will Hunting, The People Speak, and Push, Nevada.
He's been in some great action movies. He was in The People Speak, Push, Nevada.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it was directed by Leo Tolstoy and came out in 1999.
He also directed Pretty Little Liars, which is a drama movie. Have you seen that one?
I am not sure but I can tell you that this movie was released in 2013 and directed by Richard Linklater.
Great! I also recommend the movie X-Men 2. Have you seen that one?
In the film drama, Alfred Hitchcock makes a cameo appearance.
It is categorized as a drama.
You might enjoy X-Men 2 or World War Z.
I think it's pretty good, I think you should give it a try!
They are a team in the NFL. One of the best teams in the NFL.
They are pretty good. Who's your favorite team?
That's pretty cool. I don't know much about them as well, but I do know the Steelers are a professional American football team based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
This is the End, The Interview
It starred Mindy Kaling, James Franco, and Channing Tatum.
Yes, Channing Tatum starred in The End. Would you like to know more about The Interview?
Channing Tatum also starred in White House Down, which is a fantasy film.
The Vow also starred Mindy Kaling and Martin Starr. It is a fantasy, adventure film.
You're welcome!
Sure! Red Dragon is also a Psychological thriller that is similar to The Silence of the Lambs.
I believe he also starred in Wrath of the Titans and Unknown.
Great!
Apocalypse Now is a classic. I also recommend The Red Dragon.
The Lion King is one popular movie. Have you seen it?
If you like his work, you might also enjoy A Midsummer Night's Dream.
You're welcome.
Yes, The movie written by Vince Gilligan, starring Will Smith.
Will Smith also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness, have you seen it?
I am not sure of the genre. I do know Shia LaBeouf is a drama and Thriller.
Sure. I am glad to be of help.
Yes! He is a soccer player from England.
I don't follow much for that team, unless I have watched Fabrio Capello used to play for Italy.
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
It's a great Speculative fiction. He also wrote Tom Horn. Have you seen that one?
I like contemporary R & B but I like Beyonce more.
They are both from South Korea and are a popular country. I am not sure if they are in the same universe or not
I'm not sure, but I know they were runner up in Super Bowl XXXII.
Yes, Jason Flemyng starred in Wild Bill, Welcome to the Punch, The Social Network, and several others. Do you have a certain genre in mind?
Sean Penn and Todd Allen starred in it. It is a great movie.
You're welcome.
Your welcome.
I sure can! She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Elie Wiesel.
It has the genre autobiography as well as non-fiction.
Great! It was released in 1958.
Well, if you like The Hellboy, you might also like You Got Served or Shaun of the Dead. Have you seen those?
Hugh Jackman starred in this movie. Also, it is a Sci-Fi movie.
You're welcome. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, he is one of my favorite authors. He wrote The Godfather.
That's a good one. He was born in Spain. He's also been in a number of movies.
I know that Ziggy Marley starred in it, but he is also a musician.
John Turturro also starred in the movie Apocalypto
Are you referring to S. Epatha Merkerson who starred in Terminator 2: Judgment Day?
That movie is a science fiction film. Are you interested in either of those?
Yes, if you like dramas you might enjoy The Fault in Our Stars or The Face on the Milk Carton.
Yes. Steven D. Levitt is known for writing SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling
That's correct. Steven D. Levitt also wrote SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling, Patriotic Prostitutes, and Why Suicide Bombers Should Buy Life Insurance.
I have not, but would like to know more about this book.
Yes, Stephen J. Dubner is an American author who wrote SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling, Patriotic Prostitutes, and Why Suicide Bombers Should Buy Life Insurance.
Edgar Wright wrote The Stand, The War of the Worlds, and The Stand. Have you heard of any of those?
Yes science fiction novel. Are you a fan of that genre?
Yes! I was a great actor.
Coldplay is a band with Chris Martin as the lead vocal. Do you like their music?
It is a drama, starring Denzel Washington and Josh Brolin
Yes I can. I like most of his music from the 80's
She wrote dreams of Gods and Monsters.
It's a fantasy novel released in 2014 starring Noel Gugliemi. Do you like fantasy novels?
It came out in 2014. Are you interested in the book or the movie?
No problem!
I haven't heard much about him. Is he a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers?
Oh, I didn't know that. That's where he's from. Is he a good player?
I haven't but I agree with you on TV. Have you been to any of his games?
He starred in the thriller Grindhouse and in Death Proof. They were both pretty good.
It was written by E.B. White and produced by Robert Rodriguez.
He stars in it as well as produced by Rupi Kaur.
Sure, Big Fish was written by John August and he also directed Titan A. E.
The Matrix is a popular one that Kenny and was born in Los Angeles.
Yes, Kenny Ortega starred in Alice in Wonderland, a Romantic Comedy and Action Film just to name a few.
You are welcome. Have a great day!
Phil LaMarr starred in Zambezia, have you seen that?
It also stars Sam Lamarre. It is a Crime Fiction film. Do you like those genres?
It is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, have a good day.
They are a basketball team. The Nets are a professional American football team based in Brooklyn, California.
Me too! Transformers is a great action movie. Do you like action movies?
He is a great actor. You might also like the Avengers: Age of Ultron and K-PAX.
It is a action movie and it also stars Robert Downey Jr and Kevin Zegers.
Sure! Similar romance novels might be The Fiery Cross or This Lullaby. Romance novels always make me feel warm and fuzzy.
Yes, Voyager is a romance novel.
Yes, that is correct.
Great, you are welcome!
I'm not sure, but I do know she's a tennis player. I don't watch it much.
Not really. I just know that Serena Williams is a tennis player from India.
Yes, they are very successful in that movie!
Sure, he starred in Looking for Richard.
These are comedy/crime.
He starred in Comedy Central. Have you seen that one?
Sure! Sense and Sensibility was also written by Jane Austen.
Stepford Wives is written by Ira Levinson, would you like to read it?
She also wrote Mansfield Park. You might like that one as well.
I'm glad to help.
Yes, she is a singer and song writer. She sings a Thousands years, very popular song.
She is a very talented pianist. Do you like her music?
I'm not sure about that. I know it was a long time ago.
Enjoy, and have a great day
I do, he starred in a few good movies like Zero Dark Thirty, Wrath of the Titans and Vantage Point. Have you seen any of those?
I haven't seen it I've heard it's a good movie. I'm a fan of thrillers. Do you like thrillers?
No, The Hurt Locker stars by Mark Boal. I'm sure you will enjoy it.
Awesome! I hope you enjoy it.
Absolutely! He was in Step Brothers, The Hangover and The Other Guys.
Unaccompanied Minors starred Tyler James Williams, Teri Garr, and Jessica Walter. Are you interested in this film?
Sure. You might also like The Lorax, it's a animation.
Sure. Unaccompanied Minors starred Mindy Kaling and Jessica Walter.
Enjoy.
He is the author that wrote the Water for Elephants. Are you a fan of his work?
Good choice! It's a romance starring Reese Witherspoon and Jim Norton.
Great! I hope that you enjoy it!
Yes, it was written by Leo Tolstoy and Richard Linklater stars in the movie.
Yes, Leo Tolstoy wrote the film and Leo Tolstoy. It was released in 1985.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, would you like to know about other books in the same genre?
Yes. She also wrote The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner. She is a great writer.
You're welcome, enjoy!
It stars Justin Timberlake and Steve Buscemi. Do you like Biographical films?
Tom Everett, Tim Blake Nelson, and Tim Roth all starred in The Social Network.
White House Down is a great movie starring Rashida Jones
Enjoy!
Sure, he is an author who wrote the biography David Copperfield. Are you a fan?
Jeremy Tambling was born in London. He won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.
Well, Zadie Smith is a great writer. Did you know he wrote The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson?
John Carpenter directed Escape from New York, which is an Adventure Film
It is starring John Carpenter and is the genre Science Fiction. It's a great movie!
She's great, isn't she? Another TV series she starred in is Walking Tall, have you seen that one?
I'm not sure the genre, but Jamie Lee Curtis starred in Escape from New York.
I would recommend the book, The Two Towers. It serves as the sequel to the Lord of the Rings
Women in Love was written by Candice Bergen.
He also wrote A Christmas Carol and The House of Mirth.
The Matrix is Sci-Fi. Do you like that genre?
The Matrix was produced and directed by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta. Is that something you might like?
inception has many different actors, including Michael Caine, Christopher Nolan, Michael Caine, Stacey Keach
A Wrinkle in Time is a science fantasy novel written by Madeleine L'Engle. It's part of a series. Have you read the next book in the series?
You might enjoy the Dark Knight Returns or the Watchmen. Do you like young adult fiction movies?
Yes, it was written by Madeleine L'Engle.
The Witch of Blackbird Pond by Elizabeth George Speare and the Giver are examples.
It was released in 1974 and is also considered a children's fantasy.
You're welcome.
Ayush Mahesh Khedkar starred in Slumdog Millionaire. Are you interested in that?
Slumdog Millionaire is an indie drama.
Swarup was released in 2003.
Your welcome.
I know he wrote The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies.
Aidan Turner also starred in the Yearling also starring Harry Potter.
The genre is Fantasy
The Golden Compass starring Philip Pullman
Simon McBurney
Do you like the author Roald Dahl?
Zoe's Tale, I believe was written by John Scalzi. Would you like to know more?
Yes, it is speculative fiction and science fiction. Would you like some more recommendations?
I do a bit; I know that Donna Tartt wrote it and that it was released in 2013.
Yes, she won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. She also won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.
Yes she did. She also wrote The Secret History
Dinna Tarrt was born in Houston, Texas and is in the United States of America.
You're welcome.
JoJo Moyes wrote that one. You may also like The One Plus One.
Great! I would recommend The Ship of Brides, but I haven't read that one yet.
Enjoy!
Yes, it's a good young-adult fiction book. Do you like young-adult fiction?
did that one as well. Did you know that John Green also wrote Paper Towns?
I'm not sure. Can I help you with anything else?
I agree. I like that book. Would you like me to recommend other Young-adult fiction recommendations?
He wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Great Gatsby.
I would recommend The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
You are welcome.
Yes I do. He wrote Deadpool and wrote Angelo Pizza. Do you like Deadpool?
Black Hat is a horror movie starring Tim Miller. Have you seen it?
Black Hat is a horror movie , he also starred in Donnie Darko which is another interesting movie
Sure, have a great day!
Sure! Pan's Labyrinth is a 2006 Mexican/Spanish dark fantasy drama film written and directed by Guillermo del Toro.
Yes, it is in English. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure about the genre but I do know that it is written by Guillermo del Toro.
You might also enjoy The Golden Compass or The Fall if you like Fantasy.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I've heard of him, but haven't read his work. He wrote "'The Water is Wide, "The Prince of Tides" and "The Lords of Discipline."
Yeah, they were both in Tides. I think George Carlin also wrote A Christmas Carol
Yes you are correct. Michael York also wrote a couple of the books he wrote if you like
Yes, I like him, he wrote  which was released in 750 A.D. very old writer. I like the movie .
I haven't seen it but I heard it was good. Then again, I really like it.
I haven't seen it but I've heard of it.
Have you seen Apocalypto? That is one of my favorites.
Sean Penn and Zach Galifianakis wrote that book.
Yes, it made into a movie starring Sean Penn.
I recommend The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie starring Sean Penn.
Me too! He starred in You Can't Take It with You.
Yes, Tom Hooper directed The Damned Unite and The King's Speech
Sure, I have you seen The King's Speech, The Invisible Man, or The Book of Mormon?
Okay, enjoy the movie!
He is one of my favorite artists of this age! I like his song Runaway baby. How about you?
I am not a big fan of her music. I do know she starred in Princess Protection Program
I'm more of a rock fan. I prefer rock, like Selena Gomez. How about you?
I sure do! Is there anything else I can help you with?
The coach is Lousi van Gall but thats really all i know. Do you like him>
Marco Reus and Mesut Ozil are the coaches.
Yes, they won the 2010 UEFA Team of the Year.
I am not sure, but I know The Maze Runner is a Mystery book. Do you like Fiction books?
Mark Wahlberg is the author and it is a young adult fiction book.
your welcome
Yes, a great book I can recommend by Roy is The God of Small Things. Have you heard of it?
It's considered family drama and literary fiction and was released in 1997
Yes it was made into a movie starring Peter Hyams
You are welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
That was written by Sue Monk Kidd and is in the fiction genre. Are you into children's literature?
Its a coming of age story written by Sue Monk Kidd and is in the fiction genre
no but I can tell you the book is based on how the movie was adapted to film
Nina Auerbach wrote an adaptation of Dracula. Do you like female authors?
Sure, have you read The Invisible Man?
Well, there is a book called The Invisible Man. Have you heard of it?
You're welcome, have a good day!
Yes, it's a fantasy movie starring Orlando Bloom and Christopher Lee among many others.
In that case, I recommend The Good Doctor. It was also turned into a movie.
You're welcome. Anything else I can help with right now?
I think they are a great time and they are coached by Gary Kubiak and owned by Bob McNair.
I'm a fan of the Dallas Cowboys, but I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. Which team do you like?
Yeah, he owns the Houston Texans. Are you a fan of the Houston Texans?
Yes. He starred in Wuthering Heights and Troy would you like to know more of his movies?
Well, it's a classic! Oliver Platt and Jennifer Lawrence were also in it, too.
It came out in 1994.
It's a classic! It was released in 1847. It's about unrequited love and it was written by Emily Bronte. It's a great movie.
I sure do! She wrote The Good Earth which is a historical period drama.
I don't have that information, but I do know it was adapted into a film.
I also recommend it.
Enjoy!
Are you referring to Maria Sharapova who is a professional tennis player?
I know she plays tennis and also that she is married to Mirka Federer.
I just know a little about basketball, what sport do you like?
Did you know he plays for the Pune Warriors in India?
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
In 1989 was also the year that released You Are Not So Smart by David McRaney.
You are very welcome.
Enjoy!
Sure, do you like Fantasy or Action movies?
Yes and X-Men 2 is written by Zak Penn
I know it was released in 2014
Absolutely, Enjoy
Steve Carell and Ryan Gosling are in that movie. Shallow Hal is another good romantic comedy
Well, Ryan Gosling starred in a couple of movies. He's also in a couple of The Hangover movies. Have you seen those?
You are welcome. I'm happy to help.
Sure! He wrote Wolves of the Calla, The Stand, and Cycle of the Werewolf. Have you read any of those?
He is from the United States of America.
The Dead Zone is a fantasy. I think it is a great book
I'm sorry I don't have information about that
Forrest Gump starring Tom Hanks was an awesome movie
Tom Hanks starred in The Post, Forest Gump, and Cast Away.
Well, the most popular one is Larry Crowne, and it is considered a Comedy-drama.
Enjoy!
Okay, anything else I can help you with?
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets : Part of series: Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets' series. Film Executive Produced: J.K. Rowling. what else can i do for you?
It has a Genre of a Novel, but it is in the fiction genre.
It does star Pierre Perrier. It was released in 2016 and in the English language.
I do! I like their coach Pete Carroll, but I'm not sure they've won a superbowl, have they? I know they were runner up in Super Bowl XL though.
It's about the Seahawks going to be in the NFC East. Have you heard of them?
Do you want to know anything else about The Seahawks ?
Stargirl was written by Jerry Spinelli who also wrote Milkweed and Maniac Magee.
Sure. He also wrote Milkweed and Maniac Magee.
Sure! Wicked Lovely is a young-adult fiction as well as was released.
I think he is the only athlete I know about him. Is he your favorite tennis player?
That's true. He had a record 23 grand slam singles titles
I agree. I like him better than Roger Federer.
Definitely. She wrote The Assassin and the Underworld, which is a similar book.
You are correct. J.K. Rowlings wrote those books.
Sure, do you like the author Liane Moriarty or the genre?
Yes she did. Big Little Lies was released in 2014. She also wrote Three Wishes and The Last Anniversary.
You are welcome, enjoy!
I liked them better when Jason Witten was playing, but they're still a pretty good team. Are you a fan?
My favorite team is the Broncos. Is there anything else I can help with?
They seem to be having a bad season. They are 4th in their division right now.
I agree, he is a great player
X-Men 2 starring bruce davison
Sure. He also wrote Underworld, Twilight, and X-Men: First Class.
The Incredible Hulk stars William Hurt, Ty Burrell and Tim Roth
Sure I've read a couple. She wrote The Hiding Place. That was a good one. I also like God's Smuggler.
It's a Non-fiction Autobiography released in 1964. It's also considered a Autobiography.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it.
Noah Emmerich starred in Windtalkers. what else can i do for you?
Yes, you might like The Legend of Drunken Master or The Matrix Revolutions.
Ok. Have fun!
Have a good day!
I love Phil Lord. Phil Lord directed my favoriteThe Lego Movie
I'm not sure about that. I don't have any information on who starred in 22 Jump Street.
I don't think so, he was in White House Down too.
You're very welcome!
I know it was written by Sean Penn, and it stars Sean Penn.
Yes, I would recommend it.
Yes, she is. No Strings Attached is also an adventure film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Well, James Frain who is in it is also in Transit (Crime Fiction Film).
Then you might like World War Z or Wolverine, you may like those.
Mike White, Emma Stone, Derek Graf are the starring actors in Zombieland.
It was released in 2013
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Dogtown.
I do. Do you like books written by Justin Bieber?
You're welcome!
That's listed as Speculative fiction, fiction and Children's literature - which are you more interested in?
That is a great book by William Shakespeare. It's part of a series.
Sure, A Little Princess was written by Megan Whalen and has genre Speculative fiction.
The classic literature by Ernest Hemingway is like A Farewell to Arms. Would you like to hear more books he wrote?
You might like To Your Scattered Bodies Go, or To Your Scattered Bodies Go.
It is a romance and was released in 1929. Would you like to know more about this?
Six-String Samurai and Planet of The Apes may be similar since both of these are time travel movies like Groundhog Day.
Charlie Sheen is a big name in this movie.
Yes he was he was also in Ghostbusters
you are welcome
Not so bad, heard they sung the song One Step Closer. Do you know this song?
Sure. It is starring Ryan Reynolds one of my favorite actors. Have you seen A Good Day to Die Hard?
You might enjoy Cloverfield starring Tom Hanks or World War Z.
Yes. It is also sort of sci-fi. The sequel is X-Men: First Class.
I'm not sure if she was in it, but it's very funny
He wrote Mimacs which is a drama.
Micmacs is a comedy. Are you into sci-fi?
I do not know when he was released, but I do know he is a comedian.
Your welcome
Might I suggest The Ocean at the End of the Lane because it was written by Neil Gaiman?
It was written by Neil Gaiman and was released in 2013.
OK, enjoy the book!
Joel Coen wrote No Country for Old Men, and he also wrote Inside Llewyn Davis.
Well, Jack Nicholson starred in The Wildest Dream and Grease, you might like those.
Natural Born Killers was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Do you like the movie because it is a science fiction movie?
I am not sure about that. I do know that it is a comedy.
It is. You may like Zombieland. It is a spy movie.
You are welcome.
It was written by Jojo Moyes.
Sure. She also wrote The Ship of Brides and The One Plus One.
You are welcome.
Excellent choice! He's known for Robin Hood, The Three Musketeers and The Comte de Monte-Cristo.
No, Alexandre Dumas was not the author of the movie. He also wrote The Count of Monte Cristo
He also wrote The Third Musketeers and The Comte de Monte Cristo.
You're welcome.
Sure, he wrote the books, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time, The Red House and a A Spot of Bother. The first book has a genre Mystery.
Yes! It is an action movie starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more about it?
I have. If you like Peter Capaldi I would recommend X-Men 2 or World War Z.
Enjoy
Well, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
No, there is a sequel. Have you heard of The Great Gilly Hopkins?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
If you like Hunger Games, you might like Catching Fire. It was the next in the Hunger Games series.
Shark Night is a thriller. It stars Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt and Joshua Leonard.
I know he wrote Walking Disaster, have you read it?
It is a coming of age story, do you enjoy young adult fiction?
I don't know of any murder mystery recommendations, but I do know it was written by Jamie McGuire
You are welcome.
Sure, are you into sci-fi or action films?
He's great! You may enjoy The Matrix Reloaded or The Matrix Reloaded.
Matthew Vaughn is in John Wick. Would you like to know more about Keanu Reeves?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Not really, I like her song Chandelier and Titanium with David Guetta.
Yes she did, she also won the MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year.
Yeah, she is on the bucket list as well. I guess she was on the bucket list as well.
Lana Wachowski starred in The Matrix Revolutions and Speed Racer. Have you seen either of those?
Okay, if you like romance movies you'll like Welcome to Temptation and Water for Elephants.
I'm not sure, but it was directed by Lana Wachowski.
Ooooh that sounds like a good read. I have four genres: young adult fiction, urban fantasy (which is fascinating), romance novel and paranormal romance. Which of those interest you?
You might enjoy the Vampire Academy series - The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
If you enjoy the Vampire Academy, you may also like Shadow Kiss and Blood Promise.
Yes, Leigh Dragoon did write it, have you read it?
Would you like more from the Mission Impossible Series, or other action movies?
The Lego Movie starred Will Ferrell and Morgan Freeman. Two really good movies starring Will Ferrell and Morgan Freeman.
Some similar movies are The Lego Movie and X-Men: First Class. Both are very popular movies that I highly recommend.
I'm not sure about that one, but Will Ferrell was in several action films including Unstoppable and Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Tom Skerritt starred in Ted, I know that.
Ted is a Comedy-drama. Do you like comedies?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
You might enjoy The Missing. It was written by Emma McLaughlin.
Yes, he also wrote The Last Man and The Invisible Man.
Yes, they are all written in English.
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
It was released in 1856, and is considered a Romance novel.
Yes, she did. It's a fantasy novel. Do you like this genre?
I know they are part of the NFC South in the NFL. Their coach is John Fox right?
I liked them better when Tony Romo was QB but since he left I am lukewarm about them. How about you?
I like hockey and baseball. What about you?
Yes, there is a sequel to Toy Story and Toy Story 2.
Yes, you are correct! Tim Allen starred in Toy Story 3.
I'm not sure about that! Let me know if I can help with anything else!
Done
Blake Griffin is a basketball player from Oklahoma City.
I don't follow sports at all except the Superbowl. Is he a good player?
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Sure, it was the first of a series written by Stephen King. The first is a Science Fiction work.
William Sanderson starred in The Polar Express and Raiders of the Lost Ark.
J.K. Rowling was in it too. He was also in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Bood Diamond starred Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
He was excellent in What's Eating Gilbert Grape, The Wolf of Wall Street, and the infamous Titanic. Have you seen any of those, or would you like more suggestions?
"The Wolf of Wall Street" and "The Wolf of Wall Street" are two of my favorite movies.
He has starred in Match Point, The Missing, and Welcome to Sarajevo.
It's a romance film.
The Way is a thriller.
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
Law Abiding Citizen is starring F. Gary Gary who directed The Italian Job which you might like.
Roger Bart starred in Law Abiding Citizen and Richard Portnow. Have you seen either of these movies?
You might like Snow White and the Huntsman, which is a psychological thriller.
The fifth element is written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Matrix Revolutions
The Farthest Shore is a science fiction movie similar to that one
You're welcome
Yes, she has an amazing voice. She's also been in a few songs. She's married to a lot of celebrities including Taylor Swift and Selena Gomez.
I've heard some of her pop hits on the radio. What's your favorite song of hers?
Yeah, she's a very talented person! I loved her in the movie The Muppets.
Sure. He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that yet?
It was released in 2005. It is a mystery/fantasy.
Yes, it's also available in Spanish and released in 2006.
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Dogtown.
It is young adult fiction.
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Dogtown
No problem
Sure! Are you into Crime Fiction?
It is a mystery/crime movie, do you like those types of movies?
It is a good movie. Do you like dramas?
It stars Thomas Lennon and Jesse Jame.
You are welcome!
No, I have not. Do you mean the Science-Fiction written by Preston and directed by Roland Emmerich
It is a thriller. Do you like that kind of movie?
Yes, The Shaggy Dog is another good Drama movie I recommend.
Do you want to know more about The starring actors?
Sure, Welcome
Dream Dark and Beautiful Redemption are by this Author.
It's considered a Romance and Fiction. Do you like those types of books?
I'm not sure about that. I believe it's similar to Wicked Lovely.
I'm glad to help!
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time is a Fantasy/Comedy/Drama. Do you like these genres?
The Looking Glass Wars is a great fantasy movie you might like.
Daniel Radcliffe starred in Dungeons & Dragons.
Enjoy!
The wedding girl, Mirandas big mistake are some of them
She wrote the Wedding Night, Twenties Girl and The Undomestic Goddess.
Wedding Night is a romantic comedy. It is similar to The Undomestic Goddess.
Don't mention it.
Sure. She's written a number of novels including Graceling, Fire and Bitterblue. Do you like Romace Novel?
Yes, it is a Romance novel
Do you like Voyager?
No problem
She wrote A Tree Grows In Brooklyn. Would you like to know more about her?
The book was released in 1943
Yes it was in English
I love football. I think he plays for the Belgium National Football team. What about you?
Thanks for the info. I am a huge fan of American Football. What about you?
My favorite baseball team is the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
My favorite team is the Red Sox. Do you have a favorite team?
Yes, he is an actor. He starred in Full Frontal among others, but also directed Being John Malkovich.
Yes, I have seen it, but I don't know much about it. Do you like him?
Yes, he directed The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and Gone, Baby, Gone.
Yes i do one of them is Shackleton which is an action movie.
Matthew Macfadyen, Kenneth Branagh also starred in Shackleton.
It came out in 2002.
William Goldman starred in The Princess Bride
He wrote a book called the Princess and the Frog.
Yes, he wrote a book called Lion, The Witch, and the Wardrobe.
No problem.
Sure, she wrote I Am Malala: The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban.
I would recommend True Grit and The Lion, The Witch and the Wardrobe. They are all great reads.
You're welcome! Enjoy the reading!
Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield are in it. It was written by Stan Lee.
Yes he is. Emma Stone is also in Movie 43 and Birdman.
Yes he did, Rashida Jones is a great actor.
You are welcome!
Yes, He wrote the book, Things Fall Apart. Did you know that he's not only a writer, but a critic as well?
Okay, then you might like World Without End, Wolf Brother or Wildwood Dancing.
Yes I did. Is that the movie starring Robert Downey Jr.?
You are welcome have a great day.
Sure! Do you like thrillers?
Yes. Jamie Foxx starred in it, as well as produced it.
Your welcome
Sure, Mitch Alborn wrote Tuesdays with Morrie. Have you read this one yet?
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre Thriller and Drama
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre Speculative fiction as well as fiction.
Lana Wachowski who wrote and directed The Matrix starred in The Matrix Revisited.
It stars Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, and Jada Pinkett Smith.
I'm a fan of Thrillers. Is that the genre you like?
You should check it out. I really like Echoes of Silence.
It looks like they were influenced by the song The Morning. They had a lot of great influence before.
I do. It is a mystery/suspense book by John Grisham. Are you familiar with his work?
Most definitely. One of his most popular thrillers is The Pelican Brief. Have you read it?
The Cold Moon was released in 1993. It is a mystery/fantasy novel that was also turned into a film.
I'm not sure the genre is suspense but it is also a film.
I'm not sure about that but The Vanishing Man is also in the English language.
You're welcome.
Green Eggs and Ham? As in the book written by Dr. Seuss?
The Cat in the Hat, Hop on Pop and There's a Wocket in My Pocket are all great books to try out.
Well, if you like children's literature, you should check out The Cat in the Hat.
You're welcome.
I love him! I especially enjoy his earlier music with Maroon 5
I do like his music. Did you know he is also a judge?
I'm not sure. I do like X Factor. X Factor is a comedy with Adam Levine.
He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
Yes, it is science fiction. Have you seen that movie?
I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, that is written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his writings?
He also wrote Romeo and Juliet, A Midsummer Night's Dream, and Twelfth Night. Have you read any of these?
You might like Gnomeo & Juliet. Have you heard of that?
You're welcome
Anthony Hopkins starred in both Bobby and The Edge.
Yes, Anthony Hopkins also starred in The Mask.
The movie was released in 1991.
Anthony Hopkins starred in Tropic Thunder as well as The Secret Life of Bees.
You are welcome
You might like Wizard and Glass and The Sandman:Endless Nights. Are you a fan of horror or fantasy films?
Yes, that's right. It was released in 1997.
He is influenced by Micheal Cunningham and Christopher Lee.
Yes, The Graveyard Book is considered Children's literature in Speculative fiction and Fantasy.
You're welcome!
It is a romance and stars Scarlett Johansson. Do you like romance films?
Sure, Scarlett Johansson starred in We Bought a Zoo and also in The Prestige.
Ok, i'll add them to your watch list.
Alright, she's also in the movie We Bought a Zoo which is a comedy.
I'm sorry, I do not have that information.
You're welcome!
Yes! It stars Vivica A. Fox and David Carradine and is an Action Film. You like Action?
Vivica A. Fox also starred in Why Do Fools Fall in Love and The Salon. Have you seen either of these?
Yes, he is. He was also in Pulp Fiction as well.
I know they are a team in the AFC South - a tough division
I don't know much about him, do you know who he is ?
I have not heard of that one. I will have to check it out. Thanks for the information.
Sure! He starred in The Apostle. It is a romance/drama. Do you like those genres?
Yes, he also wrote the Apostle. This was a great movie!
Of course, some really popular Indie films are The Last Stand, The House of Mirth, and The People of Sparks.
Yes, she is a lovely singer and song writer. She sang a thousand years for the movie Twilight.
I didn't know that. I think he is a composer and a musician.
Wayman : Team Owned: Discworld (Fictional Universe). you should check it out.
the basketball player is very popular so I think it may be one of the best to win ever!
I think he is a really good artist. I really like him in movies too!
,I don't know that, but I do know he had a romantic relationship with Cameron Diaz
He certainly is. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, The Fellowship of the Ring is based on the book.
I know that Sean Bean starred in The Good Doctor.
Christopher Lee was in The Two Towers and The Return of the King.
The Battle of Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan, the next book in the series is The Titan's Curse.
I believe The Battle of Labyrinth is the first book in the series. The Titan's Curse was written by Rick Riordan.
Well, The Lost Hero is a good one. It's written by Rick Riordan.
You're welcome!
He directed The Simpsons Movie, are you familiar with that show?
He also directed The Simpsons Movie. He also directed The Longest Ride and The Road to El Dorado.
Ok, you might like The Chipmunk Adventures. It's also animation so you might like it.
Enjoy it!
Jennifer L. Armentrout wrote Shadow and Wicked. Are you a fan of musical theater?
Yes, you are correct. Wicked was released in 2014 and is a drama.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, Armentrout has written several books like Wicked.
You're welcome.
Yes, she wrote Man on the Moon.
Danny Huston also starred in it. It is a very good movie.
It was released in 2008
You're welcome
I'm familiar with the film called Cloud Atlas, where you aware of that?
It is also in the English language. Did you know that Stephen King starred in this film?
I believe it was written by Stephen King. Are you familiar with Stephen King?
No problem. Enjoy!
Sure. He directed Super, which stars Rob Zombie and Zach Gilford.
Jason Bateman stars in Slither.
He also starred in Green Zone which is a comedy drama.
Hope you enjoy them
Sure, He wrote The Merchant of Venice and Much a do About Nothing. I can tell you a lot about Paul Werstine if you would like?
Yes, that is correct.
Yes. It's written by Robert Zemeckis.
Elysium is a action thriller staring Matt Damon and was released in 2013.
I can't wait to hear that. The movie is based on a book and science fiction piece. The movie is based on a book and a movie was directed by Dan Brown.
He's been in some great movies, though. He was in The Green Mile, which is a thriller movie.
OK! Have a great day!
I'll play that for you now.
his last album was released in 2016. Do you like him?
Yes, I can. Some of the popular ones are Where the Wild Things Are. Have you heard of that?
I'm not a fan of him, but I do know he won a Grammy for Best Original Song.
I like several of them from the Rock genre. My favorite band is American Idol.
Are you in to Chinese? Since most of his books are written in a weird language
Sorry I do not have that information
These books fall into speculative fiction
I know that he is a Mixed Martial Artist with a specialty in Brazilian Ju Jitsu and played in the UFC 94!
He also played in the UFC 94 and was born in Sao Paulo.
Yeah, I think she's American. What's your favorite sport?
He wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
He also wrote The Universe in a Nutshell. Would you like to know more about that?
It also stars John Ratzenberger. Aside from being a writer, He's also a Television producer and a director, Tom Hanks.
Have a great day!
Let me see, I know that he's a Songwriter. Were you aware that he sung New Perspective?
Is this the book that was written by Frances Mayes?
Under Magnolia was released in 2004.
Under Magnolia was released in 2004.
Brad Garrett starred in Underdog ,The Pacifier,The Country Bears and The Clockwork Girl among other movies
The Pacifier is a Thriller and Mystery movie. Do you like those types of movies?
Underdog is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome!
Sure, do you enjoy crime or dramas?
The Escapist is a drama/mystery movie. It is starring Brad Pitt.
I don't know about any other movies he starred in.
He wrote Thirteen Reasons Why and The Future of Us. Do either of those interest you?
Oh yes, have you read Xenocide or Wuthering Heights?
Witches Abroad and When the Wind Blows are two other good ones.
It was released in 1981.
Awesome! I hope you enjoy.
City of Lost souls has a genre Fantasy and Adventure do you like these genres?
Yes, The Mortal Instruments was released in 2001.
The Bane Chronicles and The Shadowhunter's Codex.
You're welcome.
The Historian has the genre suspense which includes The Last Templar and The Collector. Would either one of these interest you?
Gone Girl is another great suspense novel written by H.G. Wells. It is written by Stephen King and released in 2008.
I can definitely recommend Without Fail by Sean Penn. It is a thriller.
You're welcome.
The Messenger is a great one or The Mark of Athena.
Did you enjoy it because it was written by Tate Taylor or because it is a Romance?
Yes! He was also in The Watchmen. Have you seen that one?
It's a drama/mystery film. It's a great movie.
Enjoy!
Sure. Didn't that movie star Robert Downey Jr.? If you like his movies, you might try The Avengers or One Night Stand.
The genre is Thriller and Drama. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, you are correct. He starred in it as well.
You are welcome!
Sure, Rupert Sanders directed Snow White and the Huntsman.
Yes she did, she was also in it as well.
Brothers Grimm wrote V for Vendetta, have you seen that?
You're welcome!
Yes, The Mark of Athena is a Greek mythology book written by Rick Riordan.
It was a great one. If you like young adult fiction, I would recommend The Titan's Curse.
No problem!
I don't really follow music. I know that he is friends with Selena Gomez who I enjoy.
That's right, she was great in The Muppets too! And The Weeknd was directed by Roland Emmerich.
Me too! That was a great movie. It also starred Roger Rees, who is awesome in it!
Not really, I think she is kind of weird. I saw A Very Gaga Thanksgiving and didn't like it at all.
Yes, I love Will Smith too. He's a great actor! Have you seen his movies?
Yes, he was. He was also in The Bluest Eye. Have you seen that one?
Sure! He starred in Terms of Endearment. Have you seen that one?
You might enjoy Your Sister's Sister. It's a good one.
I don't have any other recommendations for that movie, but if you're looking for some other romantic comedies, you'll like Your Highness
Yes! Evan Goldberg directed The Interview. It stars Jim Carrey. Have you seen it?
Great! Another good film starring Emma Watson is Mystic River, have you seen it yet?
Yes, This is the End is a comedy with some crime and drama mixed in. It has a bit of something for everyone.
You are welcome enjoy
Yes, John G. Avilden is the program creator for the TV show Karate Kid. Have you heard of it?
Yes, Sylvester Stallone also wrote The Tempest, The Passage, and The Magnificent Seven.
That was a great movie. It stars Tom Hanks, Bruce Willis, and Tim Allen.
Yes, she is. She starred in The Cosby Show.
Anytime!
Movies similar to Harry Potter include The Chronicles of Narnia and Beauty and the Beast
They are Young-adult fiction
No problem, have a good day
There are 4 parts in this series, but i am not sure.
Yes, that is written by J.K. Rowling
You are welcome
Hmm, I don't know that one! What kind of book is it?
Have you read The Valley of Horses? It was written by Jean M Auel.
The Shelters of Stone is a Fantasy novel written by Terry Pratchett, it is about a father dealing with the accusation that his 14-year-old son is a murderer.
That's a great book. It was written by John Scalzi and is also considered Speculative fiction.
You're welcome.
Derek Jacobi starred in a lots of movies. I like his acting in Unforgivable Blackness and Underworld:Evolution. Are those good?
Unforgivable Blackness also starred Jack Nicholson and Bill Paxton.
He sure did, alongside Joe Morton. It is a great movie!
That is correct. Mike Myers also starred in it as well.
Yeah, I think I heard of him he plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
I like it. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I do. She is one of my favorite tennis players. I heard she was very good.
Yes, he's also an athlete as well.
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
I like Michael Jordan too, I heard he's a good actor. What other sports do you like?
I think I heard of him. Do you know if he produced Ghostbusters?
Probably so, however their coach John Fox seems very effective.
Rick Riordan wrote The Sea of Monsters, do you like young adult fiction?
It is speculative fiction
You might enjoy The Lightning Thief or The Sea of Monsters
Have you read The Curious Case of Benjamin Button?
It was released in 1931.
He has written The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Great Gatsby. Have you read them?
You are very welcome! Enjoy!
Michael Crichton is really good. He wrote the book Disclosure. Does this interest you?
I'm sorry! I don't have any information on that.
Sure. Robin Cook is a writer and film producer. He has also written The Robots of Dawn.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Well, Ratatouille was fun to watch! If you like animated films, The Incredibles and Ratatouille are good!
Yes he is. Jason Lee also starred in The Incredibles.
You are welcome!
Great Expectations: Pip's Name and Going Astray: Dickens and London.
I'm not sure, but it could be considered a biography.
Seamus Heaney and Roy Lichtenstein
Oh yes, he is a great singer. He also composed You Need Me, Do you know it?
Yes, it was
Love yourself is a nice song by him.
I can tell you it is speculative fiction. It that a genre that interests you?
Siddhartha was written by Hermann Hesse. Would you like books by Hesse?
It was written by Robert Jordan. Would you like to know more about it?
He has also written Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil, The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner, and many more.
You're welcome!
Yes, I like it! It was written by J.R.R. Tolkien. It was released 1954.
Then you might also enjoy The Crucible by Christopher Lee.
Yes, I love her. She was in the Olympics.
Robert Louis Stevenson wrote The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes. Do you like this genre?
Great! Sherlock Holmes is the first book of a series. Did you want to know more about the series?
The genre is Mystery. Do you like mystery books?
Yes, The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes is a short story.
Do you like The Girl on the Train because it's a psychological thriller?
The Perfect Game was written by Jerry Bruckheimer.
Yes. The Girl on the Train was directed by Paula Hawkins.
Yes, Sam Smith is a great Singer. I love his music
I like her fathers music. Did you see her movies?
Yes, she's a great singer. I also like her song One Time. Have you heard of it?
Yes. He directed Three Kings. HE also directed the wonderful film I Heart Huckabees with Lily Tomlin and Dustin Hoffman.
Yes, Nora Dunn starred in it as well. Do you like dramas?
Do you like movies with David O. Russell?
Great, hope you enjoy!
Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995. Do you like the book because of its story line?
Yes, it was also written by Christopher Bigsby
Yes, it is a drama, do you like drama?
Yes. I recommend A Christmas Carol if you like drama.
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
He starred in The Wrestler, The Thomas Crown Affair, The Fountain, and Scarface to name a few.
Yes, she starred in it as well.
She's been in a number of movies. She was in The Wildest Dream and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
No, I don't have any information on the Wrestler. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! He directed Legend of Tarzan and Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. Do you like dramas?
Yes, I can. He has also produced The Legend of Tarzan and Gone with the Wind. Both are considered genre Thrillers.
You're welcome. If you haven't seen The Casual Vacancy, you might also enjoy that one.
Sure. Joseph Heller wrote The Cloverfield. Have you read that yet?
World Without End is similar. Have you read this one?
You're welcome!
Yes he was in Deadpool. Are you interested in movies like Deadpool or just movies with Stefan Kapicic?
It is a great movie, also starring Stefan Kapicic. It is a sci-fi thriller and a great movie. Do you like Sci-Fi?
It is a good lead film, would you like me to add it to your list?
Yes. That's a film based on J.K. Rowling's work. Do you enjoy the Harry Potter series?
The Harry Potter series is on the same page here
Absolutely, some books written by Lockhart include We Were Liars and The Disreputable History of Frankie Landaue-Banks
It is in English. Did you know that it was made into a movie?
you're welcome. Enjoy.
Interstellar starred Matthew McConaughey, Mackenzie Foy and Anne Hathaway. It is a Sci-fi/adeventure, were you looking for one in that genre or with those actors?
X-Men:Days of Future Past is a good one, as is Interstellar.
Another good Sci-Fi movie you might like is X-Men: The Last Stand.
It stars Nicole Kidman and Robert Downey Jr.
Cool! You might like The Sorcerer's Apprentice or The Manchurian Candidate.
I was told his song We Rode in Trucks is cool.
It's a pop rock and soul. Do you like country?
It's a pop music. but the song I Don't Want This Night to End is really pop.
He directed Equilibrium a drama and Ultraviolet
You might want to check out Terminator Salvation if you haven't seen it already.
It's a great film. You should try Waiting to Exhale if you haven't seen it already
No problem, enjoy!
He is a writer, comedian and author. He wrote The Verdict and Lethal Weapon 3.
I don't know any other books written by him but he is influenced by Djuna Barnes
Crime Fiction genre is mystery
Do you like The Selection because it is written by Kiera Cass or because it is a Young-adult fiction?
Other books written by Kiera Cass include The Siren, The Prince, and The One
Hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome
He wrote Waking Life, which stars Ethan Hawke.
Yes, Nicky Katt starred in Waking Life. He also starred in Dazed and Confused.
Sure, Have fun!
He directed Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
John Green wrote it. Are you interested in other books by him?
I can't find any books by him, but John Green also wrote Paper Towns.
If you are looking for other books by John Green, you may also like Paper Towns.
Any other recommendations you would like by John Green?
Good Will Hunting was directed by Matt Damon. Do you like dramas?
He actually did. He also directed Restless, which is an Indie film. Have you seen it?
That's right! He stars alongside River Phoenix. He's a great actor.
I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
He's written When You Are Engulfed in Flames as well as Santaland Diaries.
He's written a lot of short stories, including When You Are Engulfed in Flames and Santaland Diaries. Are you a fan of either?
apologize, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that he is also a scientist.
It was written by E. Lockhart in 2014.
Of course, E. Lockhart also wrote The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks. This book was released in 2014.
It's about a fictional story. Does that interest you?
You're welcome!
Charles Frazier is an American novelist, critic, public speaker, essayist, and columnist. He writes in several genres but is known best for science fiction.
Thirteen Moons has genre Speculative fiction.
Thirteen Moons was written by Charles Frazier.
You're welcome.
I have not heard about that person. Are they a singer?
I think it's like Beyonce. I'm also a huge fan of their music. Do you know any of their songs?
Yes he's a great actor. He starred in Island of the blue Dolphins which won a Newbery Medal.
He wrote Island of the Blue Dolphins which was released in 1960.
Yes, he did. Éric-Emmanuel Schmitt is a writer and playwright.
He, from China, is famous for his table tennis ability, which is awesome to watch.
I am not sure, but I know he was in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
No problem, can I help you with anything else?
Het Achterhuis: Dagboekbrieven 14 juni 1942 - 1 augustus 1944.
It appears to be in English.
Yes, Eleanor Roosevelt wrote Het Achterhuis: Dagboekbrieven
You're welcome!
That was written by Nicholas Pileggi and Martin Scorsese. It stars Vincent Pastore, Vincent Gallo, Samuel L. Jackson and Robert De Niro to name a few. Do you like movies with those actors?
Goodfellas is a Drama. Do you like movies starring Robert De Niro?
Have you seen The Lost City of Faar, it is a great movie.
Benedict Cumberbatch is also in that movie. What Just Happened is a romantic comedy.
Yes, it is. Art Linson also wrote Inside Job.
You are welcome!
Do you like this because it is a crime movie?
Richard Roxburgh is starring in What Lies Beneath.
The movie was released in 1998.
You are welcome.
I know a little bit about them. The Boston Celtics is a NBA which is in the Eastern conference. This team is coached by Doc Rivers and Brad Stevens.
Not much. But I like watching Vince Young. Who is your favorite player?
I do, I love the Lakers. Who is your favorite player?
I have never heard of him, what position does he play for?
Sure, he starred in the Pianist.
Yes that is where he is starring in the movie
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
She wrote Tuck Everlasting. I bet you would like it.
Yes, Tuck Everlasting is a romance. It is similar to Queen Latifah.
Yes, it is considered a romance and is similar to Captain Corelli's Mandolin.
Enjoy!
Stephen Chbosky wrote it. Did you see the movie?
You might enjoy The Perks of Being a Wallflower, or The Day After Tomorrow.
Yes, that is correct. It also stars Tom McCarthy. Would you like to know about any other movies starring Tom McCarthy?
You are welcome!
No I don't know a lot about her. But I know he stars in Gravity
Gravity was released in 1994. It is a drama/fantasy directed by Roland Emmerich.
Gravity was released in 2013. Did you like that movie? Gravity was released in 2013.
Sure. Zombieland and X-Men: First Class are also great Sci-Fi films.
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
I don't like the Oakland Raiders. To be fair, I don't like the rowdy fans that go to Vegas. I shouldn't blame them for their fans, right?
I didn't realize that. Do you like the Raiders?
Yes, that's true. Do you like LA as well?
It is written by Christopher Nolan, starring Michael Caine and Scarlett Johansson.
It starred Roger Rees, Hugh Jackman, and Christian Bale. It is very good movie.
Rebecca Hall starred in WALL-E which is a science fiction film
No problem, would you like any more information?
Catch 22 is in the War and Satire genre. Is this the genre you want to stay in?
I am not sure about that, but it is a war novel.
S.E. Hinton is a similar book. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Your welcome.
P.C. Cast wrote Tempted, Marked and Redeemed among many others. Anything picks your interest?
It was released in 2008 and is in the Romance genre.
You are very welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
Yes. I like A Tale of Two Cities. It was written by Richard Maxwell.It is a historical novel but I haven't read it.
It is. It is also a mystery, similar to White Teeth.
I will have to check that out. Did you know that Zadie Smith is a writer and an athlete?
You're welcome.
John Lasseter directed Meet the Parents. Have you seen that one?
That one was released in 2004. That's a great movie!
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Sure, no problem.
He is ok but I think his Spouse Hayden Panettiere is great
She's a boxer and once had a role in Ocean's Eleven. She was married to Hayden Panettiere.
Yes, I agree. The Titans is considered a classic!
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
I like the redskins but I haven't been to a long time. Who is their coach now?
I am not a huge football fan but I do love the redskins that they play in Shea Stadium.
I believe it was written by Terry Pratchett who also wrote The Last Hero.
Yes you are correct. Terry Pratchett also wrote Wyrd Sisters
Some good Speculative fiction books are Witches Abroad, Witches Abroad, Wizard's First Rule, Wolf Brother
He is on the Golden State Warriors. Do you like basketball?
I think he is 41 years old
Yes, he is very tall
No problem
Do you like him because he stars in The Silence of the Lambs?
Sure, Ted Tally wrote All the Real Girls and The Huntsman. Do you like thrillers?
Well, you might also enjoy The Silence of the Lambs, which is a thriller.
Enjoy
I haven't actually seen that one but heard it's a great action film. Have you seen it?
Yes, Shia Lebouf also starred in that movie.
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy The Philadelphia Experiment or The Men Who Stare at Goats.
Yes, he is an athlete who plays basketball as a point guard.
Yes I am a fan of the Miami Heat. How about you?
Yes, they were played in the 90s. It's been quite a while since I saw it.
I don't know about Hush Hush but I can recommend you movies where Christoph Waltz starred.
Yes, it's a series - another great novel is Wrath of the Titans
It is a romance novel written by William Golding.
Great, I hope you enjoy them
Thank you
A few things. He's from London and plays Golf most prominently.
I understand. He's still an excellent golfer. I think he won the 2007 PGA Championship, but I am not much into a golf fan either.
I have seen Happy Gilmore too!
The are a football team in the AFC East. Jimmy Buffett is part owner. Do you like the Dolphins?
Oh gosh, I'm not a big fan of the US but it's like the San Diego Chargers. We are big football fans here.
We are a big fan of theirs too! They are a team in the NFC South!
Yes, he wrote Rayuela in 1963. Are you a fan of his work?
Rayuela was released in 1963; the same year that Way Station was released.
You're welcome.
I think she's a singer like Lady Gaga and Katy Perry right?
She was in a science fiction movie called The Giver. Did you know she is also an actor?
The Giver was written by Lois Lowry. He also wrote a good book called The Lorax.
I recommend the book Paper Towns.
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
If you like fiction you may want to check out The Fault in Our Stars, or The Forest House.
Your welcome. Enjoy!
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works
Yes, he also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and It's a Drama. Are you a fan of dramas?
I haven't seen it but I've heard it was good. It is considered a drama and a biography.
Sure, I do. Nathan Greno directed Tangled. Would you like to know more about this film?
That is correct. Mandy Moore is also in The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen that one?
Sure! World War Z is a great family film. I would recommend that one as well.
You're right! Tim Allen was very famous in Toy Story 3. He was also in The Santa Clause 2.
Yes! He was also in Larry Crowne.
You are welcome! Enjoy!
Yes. It is a great thriller starring Steven Spielberg. Do you like his movies?
The Goonies is a great movie starring Robin Williams, but hasn't seen it yet. Does that sound interesting to you?
This movie was released in 1999.
Great movie! It starred Russell Crowe, Paul Bettany, Michael Abbott, Jr., and Judd Hirsch.
He also starred in Proof of Life, you should check it out.
He also starred in Zombieland. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome
Sure one is Bugsy other one is in it. Have you seen that one?
Jean-Louis directed The Scent of a Woman.
I believe so.
Certainly! He has starred in many films, including Unbreakable and The Assassination of Jesse James.
Witless Protection is an action film, it was written by Terry Pratchett.
Sure! White House Down, We Were Soldiers, and Walking Tall all have received good reviews.
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo stars Al Pacino and was released in 1997.
Glad to help!
Yes, isn't she a singer?
Anne-Marie is a singer like Paul McCartney. You like music?
Some of her albums are Girl with a Pearl Earring, Lady Gaga, God Gave Me You. Do you like any of them?
Yes, I am a huge fan of their music. I love their song Waiting for the End. How about you?
I personally enjoyed their song One Time. I am a fan of Linkin Park, how about you?
I prefer rock, like The Wiz, or Metallica. I like some of their music.
Yes. Craig T. Nelson starred in movies like How to Train Your Dragon and How to Train Your Dragon 2. He also starred in them.
He was in The Incredibles too! He also starred in The Frost Giants as well.
He was in quite a few roles, like The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Policeman.
You are correct! Tyrone Giordano starred in The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou. It's a very good movie.
She was also in the Family Stone.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Sylvia Plath wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath.
Yes, The Journals of Sylvia Plath was released in 1982.
Writings of Sylvia Plath, Sylvia Plath was released in 1982.
I'm not familiar with him. I only know he was in The Wiz. Have you seen it?
Alright, that is a good question. He also starred in the movie Star Trek which is a science fiction film.
Ah yes it's the one of the whale movies! It was written by John Lennon.
Sure, I can help. He directed Deadpool. Have you seen that?
Deadpool is a superhero film. Do you like superhero movies?
I do not have that information right now.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He wrote II Principe
Il Principe was also written by Niccolo Machiavelli, in English. It's a classic!
Il Principe was also written by Niccolo Machiavelli. He was also a musician!
Oh you must give it a try! It was also written by Niccolo Machiavelli, in English.
Sure. He wrote The Egyptian and The Charge of the Light Brigade. Are you familiar with either?
I am not sure about that but I can tell you it was released in 2005.
It is written in English.
She wrote The Temple of My Familiar, and The Color Purple
The Color Purple is a Fiction book and the genre is fiction
Yes, it is a musical, is that what you're looking for?
Memento is a book written by Christoper Nolan.
I do not have that information right now
You are welcome
The soccer player? I heard he is good. He is fourth-most goals scored of all time in the European Cup and UEFA Champions League.
Wow, I didn't know that. Thanks for the info.
I like them too. My favorite team is Manchester United F.C.
The Scarlet Letter was written by Marissa Meyer. You might like The Princess Bride. It's a romantic comedy.
He is a basketball player and plays the position of point guard.
The World According to Garp is The Cider House Rules.
It was released in 1995.
You're welcome!
He is a wonderful writer. He wrote Set It Off starring Vivica A. Fox.
She's a great actress. She also starred in Men in Black 3 and The Princess Mononoke, which are very good.
It was produced by Ron Clements and released in 2005. It is an Action/Adventure film.
Of course! I hope you enjoy!
Have you seen other movies in the same genre or do you like action movies?
The Fight Club has a genre of Thriller, Drama, and Action. Do you like those genres?
I don't know about a comedy but I do know that it is in the comedy genre.
Brad Pitt has starred in the movies such as Edward Norton and the musician Meatloaf.
You're welcome
It's a romance and a biography. Do you like biographies or just romance in general?
Simon McBurney also starred in Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. Have you seen either of these?
Yes it is! It is a Romantic film as well.
Yes, he is a Cricket player from India.
Don't know a lot about Cricket but I've heard it's popular in the states.
That's a interesting fact, I'm not sure if he was born in India.
I agree! Lakers is a great team. The Los Angeles Lakers are a highly rated team. Do you like them?
Honestly, I don't know him. I think he is a good coach.
Yes, Holes is a book for young adults and is filled with adventure.
Wayside School is Falling Down is written by Louis Sachar. He also wrote small steps.
Yes, Holes is a great book for young adults and is filled with adventure.
I know that he plays basketball for the Golden State Warriors. He plays both positions shooting guard and point guard.
I'm not sure, but he's also a point guard for the Golden State Warriors.
They are all basketball movies. A good one to check out is The NBA. It's really funny.
You're welcome!
He starred in Vulgar
Sure. Vulgar was released in 1995. Kevin Smith directed and starred in The Pillars of the Earth.
Sure. Vulgar is a 2008 American drama film directed by David Fincher. It was released in 1999.
Sure, he's a writer, actor, and actor to name a couple. He has starred in The Pursuit of Happiness and End of Watch.
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
It's a German football league correct? I prefer American football.
I actually don't know much about soccer, but I did hear he plays for the Germany national football team
I haven't read it, but I heard it's a good piece of speculative fiction. I really like that genre.
Sure. The Pillars of the Earth and The Omen Machine are a few of his works. Have you read them?
It is a romance novel.
Yes. Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell. He also wrote Animal Farm.
It is a Biographical novel. Do you like that genre?
I don't know of any fiction novels by him. However, he wrote Nineteen Eighty-Four which is a historical novel.
I am not sure of the genre but I know it was released in 1922.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
It is a fiction novel, do you like fiction?
I hope you enjoy them.
Thank you
I think he is/was a NFL player. I don't know much about him.
OMG, I love their team! I like Tom Brady though. He's great. Do you like him?
I like Stephen Gostkowski. He's with the Green Bay Packers. I think he was a great quarterback though. Do you like him?
Yes I do, Floyd Mayweather Jr is a celebrity boxer that fought Oscar De La Hoya.
Yeah, I think I'd have to look it up. I don't know much about him. Is he any good?
Yes, I did know that I did not know that.
Well, The Time Machine was written by H.G. Wells who also wrote The War of the Worlds. Have you heard of it?
It was written by Robert A. Heinlein.
The genre is science fiction
The Host is similar and is also written by Stephenie Meyer. Have you seen it?
Wicked Lovely is a romance that came out in 2009. Would you like to know more about that?
Of course! It stars Steve Buscemi and Steve Buscemi and is part of the series.
Great. I think you'll enjoy the film as well.
Andrew Garfield starred in The Social Network and The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you seen those?
Great. The Amazing Spider-Man is a science fiction starring Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield. It is a great movie.
Yes she did. She also won the New Academy Award.
Sure. It's written by Dale carnegie. Similar books are The magic of Thinking Big and The Happiness Project.
The Washington Redskins and How to Win Friends and Influence People are two good books by him.
He also wrote First Things First: To Live, to Love, to Learn, to Leave a Legacy.
You're welcome!
Do you like the New York Yankees?
Jack Reacher is a mystery/Thriller starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more?
Jack Reacher is a psychological thriller starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more about Tom Cruise?
Shark Night also stars Kyla Pratt and Dustin Milligan.
No, I haven't heard his music but I know that he is very talented, he is a songwriter too.
Yes, he is a great singer. I love his music. Do you like him?
I don't play any of his songs, but I do know he is from Brazil.
Are you a fan of animated films? If so I would recommend The Incredibles.
Sure, I recommend The Incredibles and Ratatouille.
You're welcome!
Chris Rock is a great director. Do you like action movies?
Have you seen Utterly Cold Blooded? It's a Crime Thriller.
It stars Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
Was this book written by Paula McLain?
I have not, but I have heard of it. Anything else I can help with?
Circling the Sun was released in 2015, and it was in English.
No, it was not written in English, but it was released in English. Enjoy!
I really like when she and Seth Meyers (Late Night with Seth Meyers) went day drinking? Have you seen that clip?
I like Piece by Piece
I am not sure if she has or not. I know that she is very talented. She has a few friends with Clay Aiken.
Yes, I love reality TV. I would also recommend The Truman Show.
Do you like City of Fallen Angels because it is written by Cassandra Clare?
City of Fallen Angels was written by Cassandra Clare. It is also part of a series. The next book in the series is Wizards of Waverly Place.
The Iron Trial, The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass, The Iron Trial, Clockwork Princess and more. Have you read any of these?
No problem! Enjoy.
Yes, he directed Hotel Rwanada. Have you seend that?
It is an adventure film
starred in The Other Boleyn Girl.
It is a Drama, similar to The Other Boleyn Girl.
Sure! The Other Boleyn Girl is a Science Fiction Film starring William H. Macy, who also starred in The Kill Order.
I am not sure who stars in The Other Boleyn Girl. However, I can tell you The Other Boleyn Girl is a biographical film starring William H. Macy
Absolutely, Franz Kafka wrote The Castle as well as Amerika
The Castle was released in 2003 in English and is a novelist. It's about a mentally challenged gentleman who gets plugged into a virtual reality world.
That's a good question. It's considered a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
Steven Spielberg directed The Goonies, starring Josh Brolin. Have you seen it?
Catch Me If You Can also stars Jamie Lee Curtis and Dwayne Johnson. Do you like those actors?
Sure! Paula Hawkins wrote The Kingdom of the Crystal Skull and The Grand Budapest Hotel.
Yes it was, you are right and the movie was directed by Paula Hawkins
No problem
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren. what else can i answer for you today?
The Siren is fantasy and The Queen is fantasy. I highly recommend it!
If you are into Children's literature, The Siren is a good one. It's considered children's literature.
I know it was written by Percy Bysshe Shelley and Percy Bysshe Shelley.
Percy Bysshe Shelley wrote The Last Man and The Modern Prometheus. Are you familiar with any of these genres?
He was also in The Last Man and The Invisible Man.
Love the Day by Percy Bysshe Shelley.
Yes, Paper Towns was written by John Green, is a young adult fiction/ mystery and was released in 2008.
I have. Are you familiar with The Fault in Our Stars?
He is a basketball player, from Winston Salem.
Yes he was, do you know who acted in this movie?
Yes that's true. Do you know who is a point guard in basketball?
It was written by James Dashner in The Maze Runner books.
Yes, that is a great one.
I have not, but I will look into it. Thanks for all the information.
Of course! X-men is an action movie, and a sci-fi flick, but I get the feeling you're more interested in the superhero factor of it?
Chris Hemsworth and Scarlett Johansson starred in this movie. It's a Sci-Fi. Do you like those type of movies?
Yes, Volcano stars Tom Cruise and Kevin Dunn. It is a Sci-Fi/Action film.
I have not seen it. I know it was written by both Craig Pearce and Baz Luhrmann.
Yeah, she was in that movie as well! Do you like his movies?
Temuera Morrison and Ray Winstone also starred in it.
You're welcome
Cristiano Ronaldo is a football player who had a romantic relationship with Irina Shayk
Not really. I am more of a American Football fan. What about you?
I am a fan of both. I do enjoy watching Gymnastics. How about you?
Then I do enjoy watching soccer. What is your favorite team?
I am not a huge football fan but I do know that they are coached by Carlo Ancelotti.
They sure do. They will be in the Super Bowl this year.
Sure he starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wildest Dream.
Sure. Do you like Scarface because it's a thriller?
Yes, Oliver Stone is a great actor. He also starred in Safe House and Tootsie.
Yes. Rodnet Dangerfield also starred in The Manchurian Candidate. It's a classic.
Ok great. Enjoy!
Sure. He wrote Little Miss Sunshine starring Paul Dano.
Yup! Steve Careel is also in it as well. It was really funny.
That one was released in 2007 and is a classic.
You're welcome.
Yes, Jason Derulo is in a relationship with Jordan Sparks and he is a sing/songwriter. Do you lik his music?
I do, Jordan Wasn't really in a relationship with Jordin Sparks a very great singer
Yes, she won American Idol. Do you like his music?
Sure, what Alice Forgot was written by Liane Moriarty and was released in 2009. Are you interested in her work?
It was released in 2014. You might also like The Last Anniversary if you like romance stories.
The Farthest Shore is a similar fiction type novel. Are you a fan of fiction novels?
Speakers of the Dead and Speakers of the Dead are speculative fiction
I do not know who wrote Waylander. Would you be interested in some other recommendations?
you are welcome
Sure, do you like Aladdin because it is a Mystery or Thriller?
James Franco directed The Princess and the Frog
Your welcome.
I love her. Her music is very Influential but she is also a talented actress.
Probably. Did you know she starred in The Edge of Glory in 1897?
She was not in the muppets, but I have heard it!
Coldplay is a band with Chris Martin as the lead vocal. Do you like their music?
I like Yellow too. I think Clint Eastwood is doing a great job in this film.
Yes! That was indeed. I never heard of them.
Sure, I can help! He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen that?
He has starred in The House of Mirth, The Invisible Man, and The Box.
Yes she is. She also starred in the Animated film Mummy.
No problem
Kahil Gilbran wrote The Prophet. It is filled with great poetry. Have you seen it?
Speculative fiction. what else can i answer for you today?
The Prophet was released 2003 what else can i do for you today?
you are welcome
I sure do! He's a romantic actor. Do you like romantic comedies?
Sure, he starred in Friends with Benefits and No Strings Attached. Have you heard of them?
It's a pop music. But it's more of a sci-fi/action film.
Yes, he is a great actor! He starred in The Wildest Dream. Have you seen that movie?
The book is in the genre comedy
It was released in 2004
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Wolverine is a thriller, so you may like The Life Before Her Eyes and Jack Reacher? Have you heard of those?
Rise of the Guardians is a Drama
He also wrote Rise of the Guardians, which is a Fantasy.
You're welcome
Red stars actors and actresses Morgan Freeman.
Yes, he stars in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like action movies?
He also starred in The Black Dahlia, which is a drama.
It was written by Roland Emmerich.
Great choice, the movie Shooter was written by Stephen Hunter and starring Tate Donovan.
Shooter is starring Ned Beatty and Hugh Jackman.
Yep, he did. Jason Statham and Brad Pitt also starred in that film.
Thanks for the information.
Did you enjoy it because it was a drama or a crime movie?
To Kill a Mockingbird is a really popular one, it is a drama and crime movie. Have you seen it?
Do you know who stars in Training Day?
Of course, Maleficent is a fantasy movie. Would you like to know more about it?
Sure, she also starred in Sweet Home Alabama. Have you seen that one?
Yes! She was in it as well.
Yes. That was a good movie, you should watch it.
Owen Wilson was in a lot of comedy movies. He was in The Pool Boys which is a comedy too.
He plays for the Germany national football team where he plays forward and midfielder.
Yes he plays the Midfielder and he is the member of the Germany national football team.
He's a midfielder and forward position. Anything else I can help you with?
I know he play soccer for the Real Madrid C.F. from Portugal. You like soccer
It is a soccer player from the Portugal national football team.
Yes, he is also the Midfielder.
Yes, The Two Towers and Stone of Destiny
Yes, John Travolta wrote Edge of Tomorrow.
A similar movie is The Outsiders, also John Travolta. You might like that.
Yes, and Emma Stone too! Do you want to know about other movies starring Bill Murray?
I hope you enjoy it.
That movie stars Zooey Deschanel
I like romantic comedies. I also like thrillers like Zooey Deschanel.
I like murder mystery, but would you like to see one of those movies?
I haven't seen Pacifier, is it in a movie?
Yes, she wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Creatures.
Sure. She wrote "Outlander" which was also made into a movie. It's about a man who moves to a small town and falls in the romance genre.
I believe it did. It's a romance novel.
I am not a fan of the Yankees. They are in the American League which is the same as the Baltimore Orioles which is my favorite team!
He was born in Houston, Texas and has won the World Series.
The book Inside Man was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Have you seen it?
I can't find that information, is there anything else I can help you with?
He also produced That Thing You Do!
I am not sure on the genre, but I do know that Tom Petty played a role in that film
I'm not sure about it, but I do know that it is starring Tom Hardy and Jess Harnell.
Do you want to know more about those movies?
Yes, Good Will Hunting is starring Matt Damon, Matt Damon, Matt Damon and many others. Do you like dramas?
Yes, Robin Williams also starred in this movie as well
No I have not heard of those movies.
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy them!
Yes, they are a team in the NFC owned by John York and
Wow, I didn't know he was on the NFC West. I love him. He's a great player.
Yes, I like the Steelers, they won the Super Bowl XLVIII.
Do you like Drama and Children's Literature?
The Women of Brewster Place was written by Rick Riordan.
Helena Bonham Carter is starring in it.
She also starred in A Bug's Life.
Sounds good. You should check it out.
Sure! Dark Lover is speculative fiction novel written by J.R. Ward. It has a vampire them. Do you like that genre?
That's right, Tyrannosaur Canyon was released in 2005. Do you like fiction movies?
The Mist was also written by J.K. Rowling. That is a great sci-fi thriller. You should check it out!
You might enjoy Snow White and the Huntsman series. That is also a great sci-fi book.
Sure thing!
She starred in Twilight of the Ice Nymphs
The Shinning is a great horror film, it stars Ben Stiller and Christine Taylor and is directed by Steven Spielberg.
I would recommend checking out The Big Lebowski as well.
No problem.
He starred in The Invasion and Downfall.
Christopher Nolan was in that thriller. It was written by Edward Norton.
She also starred in Willard & Willie Garson.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I know he's in a relationship with Gabrielle Union. Did you know that she starred in the movie Good Deeds?
She starred in What's Up, Truly Madly Guilty and Three Wishes.
I think she's a great singer. Did you know she starred in Men in Black 3?
No, I haven't seen it. What genres do you like?
The Muppets also had Will Smith. The Muppets also had a big role in that movie. I'm sure you'll love it, though.
You should check out Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.
Sure. Essential Readings for the Non-believer is an autobiographical novel by Christopher Hitchens. It was released in 1865.
I believe Thomas Hobbes also wrote The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
You are welcome.
Sure, do you like the movie because it is a fantasy or a drama?
He starred in The Good Doctor and Troy. Do you like any particular genre?
He was also in The Return of the King, which was a drama movie.
You're welcome!
Yes, She is a writer, poet, author. She wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath. Have you heard of this book?
I really don't know much about him other than he plays Golf. Do you follow him
I love Adam Sandler in those movies! But I haven't seen Happy Gilmore before.
He was good in that movie. Did you know he also wrote and directed the movie?
Eric Bress is very well known for The Butterfly Effect starring William Lee Scott.
I believe it is a drama, if you enjoy watching thrillers, i recommend The Butterfly Effect.
You are welcome.
Sure, Now You See Me is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It is a drama/romance and was released in 1995.
No, I don't have any information on that one.
Sure, do you like Juno because it is a romance film?
You might enjoy The Truth About Forever, or Wicked Lovely.
Yes, it is a comedy-drama film.
Patricia Clarkson stars in Silver Linings Playbook, she's a great actress.
Bradley Cooper was in The Words, which is a Comedy drama.
Yes, he was in The Hangover Part II, which is a comedy.
The Light Between Oceans is one book.
Yes it was released in 2012 and the genre is Thriller
Sure, you might like Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
Yes it is a great movie I think you will enjoy it.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to read another one of her b
Jean Rhys wrote Lullaby.
He also wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything, if you're interested.
Great choice, the movie Shooter was written by Stephen Hunter and starring Tate Donovan.
She was in the movie The Rio 2. Are you a fan of hers?
He was in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that one?
While You Were Sleeping has a genre of Historical period drama, have you seen this one?
Rocky is a Sylvester Stallone. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You might like The Tempest, The House of Mirth, and Lolita. Have you seen them?
It's a martial arts film and was released in 2014.
You're welcome!
Yes, At the Water's Edge is similar to Water for Elephants.
Then you might like Pretty Little Liars. It's a very good one.
I'm not sure when it was released.
You're welcome
I did not know that. I think he was from Miami. Do you know he starred in The Lorax?
My favorite player is Adrian Peterson. Do you know if he won any awards?
I agree. I never heard of them, but I love the sport.
Oh wow, I didn't know that. Wow he must be very good then!
Sure! It's a mystery, written by Mark Haddon, and was released in 2003.
He also wrote The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time by Mark Haddon.
The Godfather, starring Al Pacino, was a drama. Do you want similar movies also produced by Robert Evans?
Yes, it is a very similar movie.
Apocalypse Now is a great movie. Apocalypse Now is a classic!
Apocalypse Now is a great movie. Apocalypse Now is a classic.
Sure! She is a very talented actress. What's your favorite song of hers?
Of course. Other movies in that genre include The Bounty Hunter and No Country for Old Men
Excellent. I will add that to your list.
Yes. It's a Drama, if you like dramas.
You are very welcome.
Sure, Meg Cabot wrote The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban
Underworld: Evolution is the genre sci-fi.
Sure. She also wrote Underworld: Evolution and Little Altars Everywhere
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
If you like thrillers, you might like Animal Kingdom. It's a Crime Fiction Film.
Robert De Niro and David Morse starred in War. Would you like to know more about it?
I'm not sure when it came out. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Have you seen the Winnie the Pooh animated film?
Yes, Craig Ferguson starred in Brave, How to Train Your Dragon and How to Train Your Dragon 2
It was released in 1974.
No but I heard Simona Halep plays tennis.
Actually I don't know much about tennis but I do know that she is from Constanta and has played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
Oh wow he is in the tennis Hall of Fame no doubt.
Yes, they are a team in the NFC owned by John York and
Oh, I liked Tuesday Night Football. It was a really cool sport. Do you like Football?
I believe it is a book. Two of my favorite books are A Man Named Jackie and A Bug's Life.
127 hours is a Thriller directed by Danny Boyle who also directed Sunshine.
A couple of his movies are You, Me and Dupree and You've Got Mail.
From what I can tell, he was in The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and The Incredible Hulk.
Yes it was written by Robert D. Siegel, who also wrote Raise High the Roof Beam
It's a drama
Your welcome!
Isn't he a cricket player? I believe he's from India. Do you enjoy watching the sport?
Actually, I prefer American football, but UK football is okay.
Manchester United F.C., Xander Berkeley, and Omari Hardwick are some of the great cricket players.
Sure, it falls into the fantasy genre. Is that what you're looking for?
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is another. Have you read that?
It's considered a fantasy.
No problem. Enjoy.
Sure! J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Where There's Smoke. Both are Speculative fiction.
Yes, Peter Pan is a Crime Fiction piece written by J.M. Barrie. Do you like Children's literature?
Yes, I can recommend The Golden Compass and The Panic in Needle Park.
It is a young-adult fiction book.
Sure, The Sea Wolf is a young-adult fiction book with the genre of children's literature.
Jane Austen wrote the book.
He wrote Paccka3bl N TLobectN.and Eecbl.
William Steig wrote Eecbl, it was released in 1822.
It's in the genre of Science Fiction and Psychological Thriller.
The Cabin in the Woods starring Kristen Connolly.
I do not have that information. I can tell you that it was written by Walter Hill.
Yes that movie is starring Ty Olsson
Ok great. I hope you enjoy it.
Is it the Sci-Fi drama that you like or the Adventure?
Do you like that movie because it's a Sci-fi movie?
Yes he wrote and directed The Lost World: Jurassic Park
Yeah he does a lot of movies in the sci-fi genre
That's true. A Scanner Darkly was released in 2006 and was written by Ben Affleck
I recommend aving Mr. Banks.
I would recommend checking out Blind Side. It is also a very good Biographical film.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information for that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
She is a very good tennis player? She and her Sister, Serena live in Florida. How about you?
No. I follow it when Serena Williams is ranked world No. 1 in singles by the WTA on separate occasions
Serena has a double name as well, but my double favorites are Venus and her sister Serena.
Sure. It is a great sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
I haven't seen it either. I know that Tom Cruise starred in it as well. It is a romantic comedy.
Yes, she is in that. Great movie! It is a historical period drama.
Do you like Hugh Jackman? He is in this movie.
Sure. It was directed by Rick Riordan.
Nicholas Cage starred in it.
It came out in 2007.
Yes! Do you like Superman Returns because of the action?
It is a Comedy-drama. Do you like comedies?
yes he did. You've Got Mail is a great movie. do you like his movies?
Yes he is, and he also starred in This is The End.
Great, I'll add it to your watch list.
your welcome
It is a thriller written by Dan Brown. Do you like this author or you like thrillers?
you have The Truth About Forever, The Time Traveler's Wife and Last Action Hero. what else can i answer for you?
what else can i do for you today?
Sure! I love that one, too. I would recommend The Big Lebowski which is a very good movie.
Yes, it is also a movie starring Brad Pitt. Enjoy!
The Wide Window is starring Matt Damon and Julia Roberts.
ok. Enjoy your day.
Yes, that's correct.
Your welcome.
Great, enjoy the movie!
I haven't read that one, but I know it was written by Charles Dickens.
Besides the Outlander, she wrote The Scottish Prisoner and The Fiery Cross. Have you read any of these?
I'm not sure if she has any other books but she did write Outlander 2: The Fiery Cross. It is a science fiction book.
No I don't. I'm sorry.
He is fine I guess. Marcelo Vieira, known as Marcelo, is a Brazilian professional footballer for Spanish club Real Madrid and the Brazil national team
Not really. I don't follow football much. Do you know who he plays for?
Yes Ryan Gosling was great in that movie. I didn't know he was also in The Fifty Shades of Grey.
Roland Emmerich directed The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Are you into Action/Adventure Films.
That would be a sci-fi film. Do you like sci-fi?
He also starred in Women in Love, which is a romantic comedy.
Shawn Roberts and Ray Winstone were also in that movie.
I loved her in Who's That Girl and Swept away, more than her songs. What about you?
Papa Don't Preach is a favorite of mine, it has a genre of speculative fiction and fantasy. Do you like those type of books?
Thrillers are my favorite. He was in Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
They're a good NFL AFC East, team, but I'm from the Midwest, so I like the Packers.
I have heard of them being a good NFL player. Are they in the AFC East?
I do know that their former quarterback Mark Sanchez is with the New York Jets.
He wrote Snatch and , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels.
Sure. It was released in 1996 and stars Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
I do, will do.
It s a south korean boy band. do you like them?
I haven't heard of them. Isn't they a pro rock band?
Oh good, I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I'm not sure of the hype.
He is a great actor. He stars in Deadpool, have you seen it?
Yes, he did.
He's friends with Snoop Dogg. They are both rappers. Have you heard of him?
I think they are all friends as well as iJustin, did you know snoop is friends with Snoop Dogg?
Yes, he did! It's a movie, starring Kevin Spacey, who also starred in The Wash.
You're welcome!
Shelley Duvall starred in Time Bandits. Do you like comedies?
Time Bandits was released in 2002 and is a drama/fantasy film. Do you like those types of movies?
It's a cute movie. It was released in 2001 and is a drama/fantasy. Do you like those types of movies?
She was also in Django Unchained. Do you know of any other films she was in?
Donna Tartt wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read them before?
It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
She wrote The Little Friend and The Goldfinch.
It's a drama. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Michael Bay is known for action movies and lots of cinematic explosions. You might enjoy Transformers.
Not that I know of, sorry! But you might like State of the Union with Harrison Ford. Have you seen that one?
Yes, that's correct. Dwayne Johnson also starred in Scream 4 and A Time to Kill.
It's very interesting. I'm glad to hear that.
I think I've heard about him...does he play Cricket for the Mumbai Indians?
I don't know a whole lot but I know he plays cricket for the Mumbai Indians. Is that right?
Yes. I play on the New England Patriots.
Well I hope the Eagles win again that's another team that I like. What do you think?
She starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wild Life.
Oh yes! She was in Adventures in Baby Slayer. Have you seen it?
Xander Berkeley, Omari Hardwick and Laurence Fishburne were also in that movie. Have you seen any of these?
I do, will add it to your watch list.
Audrey Niffenegger wrote The Time Traveler's Wife. It is a romantic novel. Are you into romance?
It is a Thriller.
Stanlee was written by Edgar Allan Poe
Sure! Jorja Fox starred in Memento an Indie film, a revenge fil if you will. Have you seen it?
Yes, it was written by Robert Rodriguez and also stars Thomas Lennon and Jorja Fox.
He wrote the Harry Potter movies and directed Memento.
Certainly. Have a great day.
They are a strong team in the NFL. Their coach Mike McCarthy is really talented. I wonder if they will make the Super Bowl this year.
I like the New England Patriots, but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys.
I can't remember when they were drafted by the National Football League.
I don't think so. I'm more of a Cowboys fan myself.
He has written some good books, would you like to know a few of them?
I haven't read any of his work, but I do know Victor Hugo wrote that! He also wrote Notre Dame de Paris.
I'm sorry, I don't have any similar books, but Victor Hugo wrote Donnie Darko which is also in the Fiction genre.
I am a HUGE Deadpool fan. Check out Star Trek: First Contact and X-Men. They're both great.
I'm not sure if it's funny, but it's directed by Douglas Adams. Do you like his work?
Deadpool was released in 2008 and is based on a Marvel comic of the same name.
Sure, no problem!
Absolutely! I hope you enjoy it!
I think he is a good football player.
I like American Football, but my favorite team is the Redskins. Do you like them?
Wow, I'm a huge fan!
Yes she is, she starred in Princess Protection Program and Spring Breakers
Yes, I have seen him in that movie. It's one of my favorites!
I haven't seen it but will check it out. I think you'll enjoy it.
It is a great comedy film. I think you should like it as well.
John C.Reilly both wrote and directed it. I love action movies.
Slapstick was released in 2009, and it was written by John C.Reilly. I know that Will Ferrell also directed it.
Sure! The Tragedy of Macbeth was written by William Shakespeare and released in 1606. That is also the same year as the release of The Tragedy of Macbeth.
It was written by William Shakespeare.
It's genre is poetry.
Yes, he is. He was influenced by William Shakespeare, as well as William Shakespeare.
Sure, he directed The King's Speech, The Damned United, and Les Miserables. Do you like the movies he does ?
Kings Speech was rated PG and PG-13. The King's Speech was rated PG.
The Kings Speech was released in 2012.
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
I think he was a defensive back too. I'm more of a Pittsburgh Steelers fan.
Oh i didn't know that! I've heard they were runner ups in Super Bowl XLVIII.
Yes, it stars Nicolas Cage and John Travolta. Are you a fan of either?
Yeah, she's pretty cool as long as she stays away from Chris Brown. What's your favorite song of hers?
Taylor Kitsch also starred in Valentine's Day. Did you know that she is an actor?
You should, especially if you like Liam Neeson. It is an action/adventure film.
Yes, he is a singer-songwriter. Do you like his music?
He mostly does Pop rock and Indie rock. Do you like that genre?
Great, I agree with you on that.
No, I haven't but it seems to be a Johnny Depp film and probably it should be a good one. Do you prefer films starring Johnny Depp?
Yes he was, he also starred in The Rum Diary and L.A. Without a Map.
Yes I have. Mortdecai is also in The Rum Diary.
I haven't seen Ride Along 2. i have seen it.
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
He also wrote The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.
Juraissic has genre Romance. Do you like Romance films?
The Inferno is a good one
Yes, she was, along with X-Men Origins: Wolverine
Some of the actors were in X-Men Origins include Anna Kendrick and Robert Duvall
Some other adventure movies are; Wolverine and the X-Men
Not that I know of but he did star in The Proposal
I would recommend Wizard and Glass and The Sandman:Endless Nights. My favorite is The Graveyard Book.
Yes, it was. It's a young-adult fiction novel.
Yes, that is true. He also wrote The Green Mile if you like that one.
You're welcome!
Yes. And that was written by Winston Groom
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional American football franchise based in Tampa, Florida. The Buccaneers currently compete in the National Football League as a member team of the National Football Conference South division
My favorite player is Adrian Peterson
He played midfielder
They are not doing too well
I'm not a huge fan of hers. I think she is a great singer though. Do you like her?
I think she's had a good voice. She is a great actress. Do you like drama movies?
I didn't know that. I think Skarsgard is a good actor. I wonder if they are friends?
No, I do not, and I love his song Hero, it came out a while ago.
Yes he was in Desperado. do you like his music?
my apologies. I don't have that information. what else can i do for you?
Sure! Do you have a genre preference?
Certainly. It was released in 1853 the same year as The Professor. If you haven't read anything by Jane Eyre, you should read it.
If you liked that one, you should also try The Professor. I highly recommend it.
Robin Buss wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo released in 1844.
Robin Buss wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo, have you read it?
It was written by Robin Buss, and that was released in 1882.
It was written by Emily St. John Mandel and was released in 2014, along with Emily St. John Mandel. Have you read it?
She also wrote Last Night in Paris, have you read that one?
It's a psychological thriller and was released in 2009.
You are welcome.
Are you a fan of the author, Rick Yancey?
I do, I would recommend checking out The Last Star and The Infinite Sea.
Yes, it is. Do you like him as an author?
Robert Jackson wrote it as a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Robert Jackson just made it easier to read.
It was released in 1599
The Notebook was based on the Romance novel of the same name written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Romance films?
If you like historical movies, I would suggest Beautiful Creatures. Have you seen any of them?
At the Water's Edge is one of the actors in the movie.
Sure thing!
I do! It is an historical fiction novel written by Jamie Ford.
You are correct. Songs of Willow Frost was released in 2013.
It looks like it is from the United States of America.
That's right. Would you like to read it now?
Sure! If you like Batman Begins, you must like Adventure films?
Sure, I have a couple of other movies in that genre like The Civil War, The Mists of Avalon and The Civil War. Have you seen any of those?
He starred in The Civil War and Levity. Do you like those movies?
By Josh Grisham?
You might also like Xenocide or Wyrd Sisters. They are both in the mystery genre.
Have you read the House of the Seven Gables or The Pelican Brief?
Margaret R. Higonnet wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles , which is a great piece of literature. Are you looking for titles by this author?.
Tim Dolin also wrote Thomas Hardy
He also wrote the Picture of Dorian Gray and an autobiography called Wilde.
Robert Wrote the Silkworm it had me on my toes great book
She also wrote The Silkworm and The Cuckoo's Calling
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
Fantasy Genre
There is The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor
The genre is adventure fiction
Your welcome
Sure, The Scar and House Rules are similar to this.
Yes, it was co-written by Simmons.
There's The Da Vinci Code and Inferno.
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but it's a thriller. He also starred in Curious George.
I didn't know that. I think he also starred in The Lord of the Rings.
Alright, I will add that to your list.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I agree. Did you know that he was born in Oakland?
Since he is my favorite, He is my favorite player. He is my favorite player, right?
He is a point guard. I think he is a good player as well.
Nine Stories is similar to The Catcher in the Rye.
I don't have any examples of literary realism. Is that something you'd like?
I don't really know much about them except they're a K-pop boy band. Do you like them?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I do like Pink. Is there anything else I can help you with?
It is a great book, written by Ann Brashares and released in 2001.
It was released in 2002, the same year The Poisonwood Bible came out.
I would also recommend World Without End, it is a very good read.
Is it the genre you want to try?
Enjoy!
Looper is a Sci-Fi movie written and directed by Ridley Scott. It was released in 2013.
That is a Thriller. anything else i can do for you?
have a good day
I think you would enjoy A Beautiful Mind. It starred Russell Crowe, Paul Bettany, Michael Abbott, Jr., and Judd Hirsch.
Sure, he directed The Missing. It is a great crime fiction movie. Have you seen it?
You are welcome.
That book is written by Tony Goldwyn and Erik Larson
He also starred in Someone Like You and The Truman Show.
Someone Like You is a comedy drama
Absolutely!
It was written by J. D. Salinger, do you like the genre or would you like me to recommend other books by him?
Franny and Zooey was a great book.
Franny and Zooey was a great book.
I don't know much about football but I do know he is a forward
It was released in 1987. Do you like dramas?
No, I don't have that information right now. Is there anything else you would like to know?
I think you would like The House of Mirth, Confessions of Charlotte Doyle. Have you heard of it?
Sure, Fiona Stafford wrote Emma. Emma is a romance novel.
Philippa Gregory wrote Wideacre. Do you like historical fiction?
It is a Historical fiction and was released in 1987.
Yes, they are both historical fiction.
you're welcome!
Sure, Arsenal is a sports team. It is a European Football team based in England.
They are playing the New England Patriots today.
I'm a huge fan of the New England Patriots. How about you?
Wally Lamb is a great actress. She has starred in many movies including The Hour I First Believed and She's Come Undone
I'm not sure about that author, but I know This Much Is True is a Fiction novel.
I haven't read that one yet, but I will check it out.
I hope you enjoy it
The are a football team in the AFC East. Jimmy Buffett is part owner. Do you like the Dolphins?
Not really, but I'm a Packers fan. My favorite team is the Redskins.
My favorite team is the Washington Redskins. What is yours?
Sure, Inside Out is a Sci-Fi drama, have you seen it?
The movie starred many well-known actors, including Chris Pratt, Ty Simpkins and Bryce Dallas Howard
I'm not sure when it was released, but it is in the fantasy genre of sci-fi.
You are welcome!
I do, she has a wonderful voice. She's very talented. Did you know that she starred in the movie Victorious?
Yes, Victorious was a great Sitcom. She was also in Bridesmaids.
Yes, Victoria Justice also starred in Scarlett Johansson and Bill Murray.
Very funny. You should give it a try.
I am not familiar with Downfall. Would you like to know more about it?
They used to be a war film
I'll add it now. Enjoy!
It is a fiction novel, do you like fiction?
Sure, one of my favorites is World Without End. You may enjoy that one.
If you like that, you might also like Wuthering Heights. I think you'll enjoy it!
Glad I could help!
It's a young-adult fiction book written by Daniel Henney.
Yes! Have you seen it?
Yes! Along with Mindy Kaling, she also starred in Dazed and Confused.
Correct! Mindy Kaling was also in the fantasy film Wreck It Ralph.
No problem! Enjoy!
The are a football team in the AFC East. Jimmy Buffett is part owner. Do you like the Dolphins?
They are very good. Who is your favorite player on the Cowboys?
Tony Romo is also a director. Did you know he was drafted by the Seattle Seahawks?
Yes, he wrote the Royal Tenenbaums. Have you heard of that one?
Owen Wilson is the main character in the film. It stars Matt Damon and Josh Brolin.
Did you know that Olivia Wilde starred in that movie?
Justin Rose is a professional Golfer from London.
I don't have any information on that.
I don't really know much about golf, but I do know he's from England.
I know she wrote The Lighthouse and The Waves.
Yes, she wrote The Waves, and The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York.
I'm not sure of the release date. It was released in 1927.
Sure! I hope you enjoy!
He is an American professional basketball player for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association. Are you interested in Basketball?
I believe he is the current coach for the Houston Rockets. But he is a basketball player
Yes, I have been a fan my whole life but I don't have a chance to read them.
Shelly Duvall starred in Time Bandits, a romance film. Do you like those type of movies?
Time Bandits would be considered a comedy and action film. It was filmed in London and is a documentary film.
You're very welcome.
Certainly. Michael Mann directed Public Enemies starring Marion Cotillard.
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is another one that he directed. Have you seen it?
I hope you enjoy Collateral. It's a great movie!
Me too, Frances Mayes is a great writer. Would you like to read some of her works?
She also wrote Under the Tuscan Sun.
Hope you enjoy it!
I do, she's talented. What's your favorite song of hers?
Did you know she was in Valentine's Day and the cartoon The Lorax?
Oh yea she is in Valentine's day too! She is one of my favorite actors. She is also in Thirteen Reasons Why
I don't know much about them. Who are they coached by?
Oh, me too. He's a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like football?
She has written Shadowland and Night Star. Have you read these?
She's written several fantasy books in her series, such as Unforgivable Blackness and The Golden Compass.
You're welcome. Sue Grafton is also in the Young-adult fiction genre.
You're welcome
I think he is one of the best players on the Colombia national football team.
Do you know of any football teams?
I don't follow football closely, but I do know he is a Midfielder and Forward.
Yes, it is an animated movie. It is a teen movie and drama. Do you like it because it starred Robin Williams?
It's a fiction. Do you like that genre?
There's Bram Stoker's Dracula, released in 1989.
Would you like me to add it to your watch list?
You're welcome.
He's the sibling of Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, Parts One and Two. Do you like Harry Potter?
Yes, she did write quite a few books. Did you know she won the Harry Potter Prize for Fiction?
I am not sure about that, but I can tell you it was released in 2014?
He wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
I do not have that information, but Milan Kundera was influenced by William Shakespeare.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum wrote The Scarlatti Inheritance. anything else i can do for you?
The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum starred in The Bourne Identity. Robert Ludlum starred in The Bourne Identity. what else can i answer for you?
Those are two of the same actors who starred in The Bourne Identity.
Sure! Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit one of my favorite books. If you haven't read it I'd highly recommend it.
She wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption. Have you read any of these?
She wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption. Do you like this genre?
James Mangold directed Walk The Line, a biography. He also directed Girl Interrupted, and Kate & Leopold. Do any of them sound interesting to you?
Yes, she was, and Noel Gugliemi was also in that movie. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure about that one, but I can tell you that Johnny Cash won the Tony Award for Best Original Score!
She also has a few other Romance movies like Walk the Line. Did you know Joaquin Phoenix was also in Vanilla Sky and that one was really good.
No problem, enjoy!
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like to hear more about the book?
World Without End is another book written by the same author.
Well it's a fiction book, I think you will like it.
Sure! Jason Cope starred in District 9 and Dredd. Want to know more?
Spud is a Thriller
He does not star in any romance movies
Tom Cruise starred in that movie
Yes, he directed Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. Great movie!
The Return of a Man Called Horse is a 1946 American fantasy film directed by Irwin Kreshner, do you like fantasy films?
You're welcome.
He starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys.
William Lee Scott starred in The Other Guys and he also starred in Zombieland
The Other Guys was released in 2010
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure. She was in The Civil War and Levity, both great movies.
You are correct! He was also in The Civil War and The Green Mile. Are you familiar with those movies?
Yes he is. He also starred in The Green Mile if you haven't seen that movie
You're very welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Blood Diamond is a 1998 American crime drama film directed by Ron Howard.
Do you like the New York Yankees?
Yeah, he's very good. He was also in The Aviator and The Aviator. Have you seen either of those?
Inception is a great movie! It was written by Christopher Nolan, who also directed The Prestige.
He did! James Cameron also starred in True Lies as well.
You're welcome.
Yes, 50/50 is a Romance movie. A similar movie to 50/50 is the movie Shopgirl. Would you like another recommendation?
Well, I can recommend a movie similar to 50/50 called the Last Stand. Have you heard of it?
Sure, Vanessa Fertio starred in The Grapes of Wrath. Have you seen that movie?
Well, anything else I can help you with?
Yes. They are in the NBA and owned by Jay-Z.
They are. They are in the NFC South division. Are you a fan of them?
I haven't. Do you know who it is?
Yes, I do. She is a very talented author. Have you read The Little House Collection?
The Long Winter is a novel written by Laura Ingalls Wilder and was released in 2014.
If you like historical fiction, you'll like Wilder Napalm and The Other Boleyn Girl.
Sure thing. I'll add these books to your reading list.
He wrote Thunderstruck
I haven't heard of it yet, but I will check it out
Sure. Another great book by Erik Larson is The Ugly Truth if you like that.
It also stars Matthew McConaughey.
That is written by Dave Pelzer.
It is a romance novel written by Dave Pelzer
Brad Garrett starred in Underdog ,The Pacifier,The Country Bears and The Clockwork Girl among other movies
Jim Belushi also starred in Who's the Boss? and The Mists of Avalon.
It was released in 2003.
You're very welcome!
It's a comedy starring Meryl Streep and Emily Blunt.
David McRaney and Anne Hathaway
The Nightingale and Summer of Sam are also Romance Film
This movie was directed by Lauren Oliver.
It was released in 2011
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Sure, Jenniferlopez starred in True Romance and The Wild Life.
James Rodriguez is a Colombian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder or winger for German club Bayern Munich and the Colombia national team. He is currently playing for FC Bayern Munich and the Colombia national team.
Yes they are. He plays midfielder.
I believe he was a midfielder as well.
No, I don't but I do know that Falcoa was from Columbia.
Will Smith of course! That was a good movie.
Great movie starring Yeardley Smith and produced by James Brooks who also produced Riding in Cars with Boys.
That one stars Danny DeVito and Jack Nicholson, and is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
It was released in 1999 as Good as It Gets.
Wonderful, enjoy
That the team is owned by Wayne Weaver. Does that ring a bell?
I'm not sure who owns the team. I know Tyron Brackenridge is the owner of the Jaguars.
Yes, I like football. What about yours?
Yes, she plays badminton and I loved watching the 2012 Olympics. That is about all she plays.
She did! That's where she played. She was really good at the 2012 Olympics.
I like tennis and Lupe Ontiveros.
He was born in London. He was also in the Summer Olympics.
You're welcome!
Sure, he wrote Two By Two, True Believer and Three Weeks with my Brother.
It was released in 2016 and is in English.
He also wrote The Notebook, The Notebook.
Yes, he was. It was directed by David Levithan.
He is a famous author and a musician as well.
Thank you.
Pulp Fiction was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Yes, there is. It's based on the sequel. It's CHildren's Literature.
Yes she is. She was also in Pulp Fiction as well.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sin City was directed by Robert Rodriguez. He also directed El Mariachi and Grindhouse. Have you seen any of those?
Sin City is a crime fiction film, have you seen it?
It looks like that Robert Rodriguez starred in it, and he is also in The Manchurian Candidate.
No problem!
Yes, it was written by Khaled Hosseini and David Benhioff.
Yes, it was actually made into a movie starring Khaled Hosseini.
The Kite Runner is a romance/action film. Khaled Hosseini starred in it as well.
Of course, enjoy!
Christina Lamb was influenced by George Orwell. She wrote I am Malala
He did. That's a good one. It's considered a science fiction novel.
I'm not sure about that. Are you a fan of theaters?
Sure! J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Where The Wild Things Are. Have you read those?
I'm not sure but the genre is fiction.
I believe it is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like to know more about the book?
The Great Gatsby was released in 1922.
You might like Fantastic Mr. Fox or The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. They are both dramas.
It is written by Jonathan Kellerman.
It was released in 1925. Would you like to know anything else?
I think you might enjoy it because it stars Micky Ward, Mark Wahlberg and Melissa McMeekin. You should check it out.
Jane Eyre is a fiction work written by Michael Mason. Do you like Romance novels?
Of course, she also wrote The Professor, Shirley and Villette.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, it was released in 1853.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her books?
Sarah Dessen also wrote What Happened to Goodbye, This Lullaby, and The Truth About Forever.
This Lullabye is a children's literature.
Yes, he wrote The Amazing Spider Man and The Amazing Spider Man 2.
Yes, Steve Kloves also wrote The Amazing Spider-Man.
This movie stars Steve Kloves, Jesse Eisenberg, and Joseph Gordon-Levitt.
Any time! I hope you enjoy it!
I think he is a great songwriter.
South African cricket team, and a great player.
not really. I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
Baz Luhrmann directed The Great Gatsby and Moulin Rouge.
It starred Leonardo DiCaprio, Tobey Maguire, and Carey Mulligan.
Glad I could help
You are welcome
I do, did you know it was written by Meg Cabot?
I would recommend The Boy in the Striped Pajamas its a good movie.
The Princess and the Frog is such a touching movie! I haven't seen that one yet.
Yes, the movie is dark and sad. I like that movie too.
Yes, The Call of the Wild is written by Jack London. It's a beautiful novel. Have you read it?
Would you like to know about other fiction books written by Jack London?
Its a book that was released in 1903 and is in the English language.
Beautiful Disaster is a novel written by Jamie McGuire and released in 2011. It has very good reviews and is considered a favorite for some.
I will have to check it out. Did you know that was also a film adaptation?
I think you'll enjoy it. If you enjoy Beautiful Sacrifice, I think you'll really enjoy it!
No problem, enjoy.
Have a great day.
I believe she starred in X-Men: First Class. She also acted in Winter's Bone
Yes, Robert De Niro starred in the movie
Sure, it is a comedy and is produced by Jon Krakauer
Your welcome
They seem like a great team since they were runners ups in the Super Bowl XLIII.
My team is the Bears. Are you a fan of Pats?
Yes they are definitely contenders. Will you be watching the Saints game?
Beloved was written by Toni Morrison. The Bluest Eye is also on of Morrisons books you may enjoy.
You might like Then There Were None or The Assassin and the Desert.
That movie stars Natalie Portman and Hugh Jackman.
I love her music! Did you know she is very talented?
Yes, Liam Hensworth is a good singer. I don't believe she is an actor too.
I haven't seen it personally but I've heard it's great.
It was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Sparks in particular, or do you want to read a similar romance novel?
I don't have any other information on them, but if you are interested in more books by Nicholas Sparks, I can recommend One.
The Notebook was made into a movie. I've seen the movie yet. It's always a good book.
You are welcome.
Sure. Jean-Marc Vallée starred in The Young Lion, The Witch, and The Wardrobe.
Well, it's a war film and a drama. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes, it's about the Queen.
It stars Robert Duvall and James Coburn
Okay, I'll have to check that out
Have you seen Wildwood Dancing?
Done
Sure, do you like Vin Diesel?
I recommend Fast and the Furious 2 and Fast and the Furious 2.
Fast and the Furious is starring Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, and Fast and Furious
You're welcome
I could recommend a similar movie, World War Z: An Oral History of the Zombie Wars, or The Last Samurai.
State of the Union is a similar movie to World War Z.
I have not watched that movie. But I heard it was good. I am a fan of its creator, Frank Miller. Have you seen it?
He also starred in X-Men Apocalypse and Wedding Belles.
I can't seem to find any other movies he was in but I can list out the ones he was in if you'd like?
What genre are you looking for?
Kurt Vonnegut Jr. is the author of Cat's Cradle.
You might like The Sirens of Titan. It's a mystery.
Yes. It's an autobiography released in 1968.
You're welcome!
Kyrie Living is an athlete
I didn't know that. I only know a little about him. He's a great player though.
Wow! I didn't know that!
Yes I do he is a great Singer. I like his song
Another one is Girl with a Pearl Earring
Yes that is correct. I do know that she wrote a book called Selena.
They're okay, I'm more a fan of their former coach, Derek Fisher. Do you like them?
I didn't know that, did you know that?
Haha, I see. I do not follow sports teams. Are they any good?
Yes, he wrote American Pie and The Golden Compass. Have you seen either one of these?
It also starred Chris Weitz. He was also in Funny Girl.
Yes, it is. Would you like to know more about Warren Zide?
The Last Stand is a similar movie to The Day After Tomorrow.
I haven't seen it. I don't know if he was in that film.
He is a good actor. I liked him in The Day After Tomorrow. Have you seen that movie?
Oh, then I guess he's famous for starring in The Avengers. It's a science fiction film.
They are a really good basketball team, coached by Steve Kerr. Are you a fan?
Oh wow! That's a pretty good team. I don't follow football too closely.
I didn't know Philidelski is in that movie. I've heard a lot about him.
Oh, I didn't know that! That's interesting to know. I'm a huge fan of Will Smith.
Madame Bovary is a romance novel written by Gustave Flaubert.
Yes, it was released in 1856, which is the same year The Scarlatti Inheritance was released.
Well, it appears that you'd like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy. Is there anything else I can help you with?
If you like that genre, you're welcome.
Ara Celi has starred in American Beauty. Have you seen it?
It also was written by Alan Ball and also stars Sylvester Stallone.
Kevin Spacey wrote Beyond the Sea, which is a classic.
Yeah, she is pretty good. She lost to Sarena Wiliams.
Of course, she's a pretty good athlete.
Good Deeds is a Romantic Comedy starring Matt Damon.
Yes he directed The Storm and Thelma & Louise
Sorry, i dont have that information
Sure, All The Money in the World was released in 1995 and directed by Ridley Scott.
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is a popular one he was in.
Sure, enjoy the movies
I am not sure if Shakira has a new album, but she did write Snatch which is a romance film.
Cameron Diaz and Yvonne Zima both star in that movie.
It was the Whiting Writers' Award for Best Choreography.
I love James and the Giant Peach. Did you see it?
I do not have that information but I can tell you that he directed and starred in Deadpool. Have you seen that one?
How about Stardust starring Neil Gaiman? It is also a thriller.
Sure! Wicked City is a Speculative fiction novel written by John Hodgman.
Sure. Margaret Atwood has written many different books. Her most recent work is MaddAddam but she's also worked on a Graphic Novel by the name of Angel Catbird. What were you looking for?
He wrote Where the Red Fern Grows. Have you read it?
He also wrote One Little Princess, have you read it?
It was released in 2005, have you read it?
Your welcome
You're welcome
Sure! Do you like The Notebook because it's romance?
Yes, he also wrote A Walk to Remember and It's a Wonderful Life.
Sure, you might enjoy The Notebook. It's a Romance novel as well.
I'm glad to help!
He wrote Moby Dick which was released in 1851. Have you read it?
That's right. It was more of a Gothic fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Glad to help
He's a great children's author. Some of his classics are Are You My Mother and Go, Dog, Go.
Yes, it is. It is considered children's literature, and children's literature.
Yes, Dr. Suess also wrote Go, Dog, Go. It was released in 1962 and is a Children's Literature. Do you like children's literature?
Sure, Bob Peck starred in Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow. Have you seen those?
Surviving Picasso is a Thriller/Drama, its a genre
Sure, some of the actors starred in Surviving Picasso include Michael Connelly, Anne Hathaway
I sure can. He wrote The Last Don, a suspense fiction book. I highly recommend it.
Yes, it is. It was made into a movie starring Al Pacino.
Sure thing! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Danny Boyle wrote 127 Hours and directed Trance, Trainspotting, The Beach and Sunshine. Do you like his movies?
Trance is a good drama starring James Franco.
Probably it's a drama with a bit of drama.
Brad Pitt starred in all 3 of the movies. He also starred in Troy and The Tree of Life.
There is no information about that
Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales are similar
Rosario Dawson was in that movie
Ok sounds good
Captain America and Avengers are similar ones. Do you like such Action Fantasy movies?
He starred in Warriors, The Perfect Score, and The Nanny Diaries.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, I like soccer. Did you know she won the 2012 PGA Championship?
Sure, Oldboy is a Thriller. Another example would be: Heist and Die Another Day
He wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke. Do you like his work?
Robin Jarvis wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke.
You're welcome.
Yes I can. He is the writer of Die Verwandlung.
Die Verwandlung is a fiction genre. Do you like fiction genre?
I haven't seen it but I hear that it's a war film. Do you like war films?
I think he was in Aliens. Isn't that correct?
Yup, Linus Roache is also in that movie, it is a psychological thriller.
Yeah, I think Dougray Scott also starred in it as well.
Hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it was written by Ian Fleming and Ian Fleming great writers.
Simón Andreu is the star.
It was released in 2005.
Yes, it was.
your welcome
Sure! Did you enjoy it because it was written by David Mitchell or because it stars Tom Hanks?
Aeon Flux is a great Sci-Fi film. Tom Tykwer also directed it.
Charlize Theron has been in Snow White and the Huntsman: Winter's War
You're welcome.
It's a very good movie. Please let me know if there is anything else I can do
Taxi Driver is a Thriller. Are you into Thrillers?
Then you might also like Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels and Kill Bill Volume 1.
Then you'll like Without a Trace. It is also a Crime Fiction and stars Eddie Murphy
Okay great, enjoy!
Yes, that's a great movie. I haven't seen it, but I heard it's a Thriller.
Yes, he is very prolific. He wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is a thriller. Have you read it?
Gulliver's Travels are also some good ones, have you heard of that?
Sure, she wrote The Diary of a Young Girl. Do you like Biographies like that one?
Other books in the same genre include The Diary of a Young Girl and The Diary of a Young Girl.
Well it appears that it's related to the Diary of Anne Frank, who also wrote The Diary of Anne Frank, is that something you'd enjoy?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
That was a great movie! Would you like movies with actors from that movie or a more science fiction related search?
Scarlett Johansson starred in it, and she was also in Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith.
He was also in Hook Ya Crook, which is a really good movie.
Hope you enjoy it.
Chris Buck directed Surf's Up, a really cute Animated film.
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy The Return of the Native. Do you like that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Dan Brown wrote Angels & Demons, which is in the suspense genre.
Yes, he directed the movie This Means War and it was released in 1986. Have you seen them?
No, The movie is about football.
Haha. I don't know who starred in that movie, but he is a good actor.
I know that they're an NFC south team and i believe Lovey Smith is the coach
Haha. He's a linebacker right? I couldn't agree more.
Agreed! Have a great day!
I do not follow soccer much, but I do know she is in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
I'm a huge fan of hockey and baseball. What about you?
The Washington Redskins, Philadelphia Eagles, New York Giants, and New York Giants.
Sure! Do you like Scream because it is a Horror or Thriller?
Yes. Jamie Kennedy starred in Scream 4.
You're welcome.
Have a good day.
Lana Wachowski who wrote and directed The Matrix starred in The Matrix Revisited.
It stars Natalie Portman and Rupert Graves.
It is a romance/comedy film.
Yes, its written by Cornelia Funke and she also wrote Ink heart and Tintenblut. Do you like the writer or the genre of this book?
Anthea Bell also wrote Tintenherz. Would you like to know more about it?
Cinderella is a Romance Novel.
It was written by Iain Canning and released in 2005. Is that the genre you are looking for?
Naomi Watts has starred in The Skin Trade and Sin City. Have you seen either of those?
It was released in 2005 and is a historical period drama. The genre is children's literature.
You're welcome.
He wrote The Five Love Languages of Children. He is a singer-songwriter and an artist.
It's more of a psychological thriller and suspense. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes, she wrote, The Five Love Languages of Children, The Five Languages of Apology, and The 5 Languages of Appreciation in the Workplace.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information on him. But, he is a musician and a film producer.
Sure, he wrote It's a Wonderful Life. He also wrote It's a Wonderful Life.
Sure, he is also a producer. He wrote It's a Wonderful Life
He also wrote It's a Wonderful Life
Did you know that he produced It's a Wonderful Life?
She's a writer. She's written Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Elie Wiesel.
I'm sorry I don't have that information
Great question, it was released in 1958
Yes I do, have you ever read the book in English?
I'm sorry I don't have that information at this time.
The film stars Jennifer Lawrence, Bradley Cooper and Christian Bale. It's a crime drama.
It's a crime movie.
Hmmm. I'm not sure who the author is but it does involve ghosts.
He wrote "The Boy in the Striped Pajamas" and "The Hiding Place."
You're welcome.
Washington Redskins sucks. did you know Dwight Schar owned this team
Do you like the Raiders?
I do not know much about tennis, but I do know that it is owned by Dwight Schar and Daniel Snyder.
Sure! How about The Mists of Avalon? It's a romantic comedy.
Sure Easy was written by Tammara Webber, Do you like her work?
Between the Lines is a good one. It's a romance novel that was released in 2012.
Tammara Webber also wrote Where You Are, Easy and Breakable.
Between the Lines was released in 2011. I hope you enjoy it.
Have a great day!
He directed Ocean's Eleven. Have you seen it?
Al Pacino, Mila Kunis, and Eddie Redmayne are some of the people in the movie.
He also starred in The Right Stuff and The Amazing Spider Man.
No problem! Enjoy!
Alan Moore starred in Watchmen which is a fantasy film. He also directed V for Vendetta. Do you want a particular genre?
V for Vendetta was released in 2005. It is a science fiction/fantasy genre. Do you like those kinds of books?
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Richard J. Dunn wrote Wuthering Heights. Is this something you think you will be interesting in reading?
Yes, it's genre is considered a classic.
Great! Hope you enjoy it.
Sure! It was written by Robert Jordan and is a fantasy novel. Do you like the Fantasy genre?
Of course, Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction, have you read those?
It was released in 2004 and the genre is historical fiction.
You might like Wildwood Dancing or Wildwood Dancing.
You're welcome.
Spirit Bound was written by Richelle Mead. This book has genre young-adult fiction and Urban fantasy. Do you like these genres?
Twilight is written by Richelle Mead.
Vampire Academy is listed under Science Fiction and Fantasy
You're welcome!
Charles Dickens is a great author. He wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop, to name a few.
Yes, Leo wrote that and it came out in 1845 and is a Romance Film.
Yes, it is. You should check it out.
Yes, Gnatchers would be a good story.
Great, have a great day
Yes, Peter Segal directed The Longest Yard, Nutty Professor II: The Klumps, Naked Gun 33 1/3: The Final Insult, and My Fellow Americans to name a few. Is there anything else I can help with?
That's right! He was the producer for The Longest Yard too.
I'm not sure, but I know Adam Sandler was in 50 First Dates too.
Hello, yes Albus wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
She also wrote The War of the Worlds and The Casual Vacancy.
It fits into two genres, it is fiction and children's literature.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them are two works of art written by him.
Fantastic Beasts was released in 2001 and is a Fiction Romance film.
Yes. If you are into speculative fiction you should check out I can recommend The Time Traveler's Wife.
Michael O'Neill starred in Transformers and Traffic.
Traffic is a drama/ crime movie released in 1999.
Have you seen Slaughterhouse-Five?
You're welcome.
He plays for a Spain national football team. Do you like soccer?
I am not a fan of the soccer team. What sports do you like?
Wasn't he currently playing for the Seattle Seahawks?
Also similar to The Hangover Part II is Meet the Fockers and Welcome to Mooseport.
It was released in 2004.
You are welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, Woody Allen wrote it. Do you like his movieS?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romance films?
I like murder mystery, too.
That is also a Romance Film.
Mansfield Park is written by Tony Tanner, do you like his books or would you prefer something in the same genre, romance?
Persuasion is written by Christopher Paolini.
Persuasion was released in 1817.
I know it is a comedy that was written by Michael Markowitz and a crime fiction Comedy what seems to be interesting!
I'm not sure about that, but Michael Markowitz also starred in Door to Door with Kathy Baker.
That is a great movie, too. Kevin Spacey also starred in it as well.
He is a swiss professional tennis player. He played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
I watch a lot about tennis, but I am not a fan of the sport. Do you?
No, I don't watch tennis much, but I do enjoy watching a match from time to time.
I have Inkhheart and Tintenherz. Would you like those?
The Sword in the Stone and The Way of Zen are other family novels
I haven't read any of them but I do know that Cornelia Funke wrote The Giving Tree.
Im not sure about him, biut Gary Mottola directed Adventureland starring Martin Star - its an adventure film
The River is a drama thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Definitely! X-Men 2 is a great thriller as well. Have you seen it?
Enjoy!
Shawn Levy directed Real Steel. Real Steel is starring Hugh Jackman. what else can i do for you?
It also stars David Schwimmer and Christian Bale. It's a great movie.
I don't have that information, but I know Evangeline Lilly produced Real Steel.
Did you like it because it was starring Sean Connery or because it is a Crime Fiction?
If you like Crime Fiction you may want to check out You Only Live Twice and You Kill Me. I have heard of them.
No problem, enjoy
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is a good one and so is The Usual Suspects
He and his brother, John Rooney, both play soccer, right?
Yes they do
Well Alice Walker was an author of Fierce Light. Are you familiar with her work?
He wrote The Temple of My Familiar, and The Portable Atheist.
Can I help you with anything else?
He is the player in Barcelona?
No I didn't know that. Is he a football player?
Yes he has, he is one of my favorite players.
Yes he was a Midfielder and he was also a Forward as well.
Yes I do. It was written by Patrick Rothfuss great author.
Well, Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Wise Man's Fear and The Name of the Wind.
It's a fantasy novel.
Your welcome
I know that it was written by Kiera Cass and released in 2013. Are you familiar with her work?
The Siren is a film. She also wrote The Last Man and The Selection Stories: The Prince & The Guard.
Kiera Cass also wrote, The Rainmaker, and The Giver. Do those sound interesting to you?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
His genre is music. If you want to hear more of Kiera Cass' music, The Siren is great.
That movie stars Justin Timberlake. Do you like his movies?
There is a lot of movies he is in. What is The Social Network?
It was released in 2010 and directed by Aaron Sorkin.
You're welcome
Yes, it was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. You might like The Man in the Iron Mask or Rob Roy.
The genre is Treasure Island and was released in 1882.
Great. I think you'll enjoy it.
If you want another book written by Robert Louis Stevenson, you should check out Edmund Hillary's works.
I did. I liked that book. It was written by Stieg Larsson, and starred Morgan Freeman.
He is also in Fight Club, have you seen it?
Yes, he is the director of The Godfather.
You are welcome.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit one of my favorite books. If you haven't read it I'd highly recommend it.
She also wrote Seabiscuit which was released in 2016.
It was released in 2008.
You're welcome
Sure, Aladdin was written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Thirteenth Tale and The Tree of Life.
Sure. You might also like The Princess and the Frog or Treasure Planet.
It came out in 2013. It's also popular in the Children's Literature genre.
You're welcome.
Hemingway also wrote To Have and Have Not, And he also wrote, In our Time.
There are so many! A Farewell to Arms and For Whom the Bell Tolls are a couple of his short stories.
It was released in 1950, the same year as The Light Between Oceans.
No problem!
You're welcome.
I know he is a quarterback from Texas other than that...
Well, from what I've heard, he's a pretty good athlete. Who does Brees play for?
Yeah, I like him a lot. I'm not much of a fan of him
Isn't he married to Gisele Bundchen?
Could you recommend anything by Maurice Sendak?
I do not have any other information on that movie, but I can tell you that Stephen Reeve starred in it as well.
It is a Historical novel if you like that genre.
A Grief Observed is written by C.S. Lewis.
A Grief Observed was released in 1946
That's a great book! He also wrote Till We Have Faces, The Silver Chair and The Great Divorce. Have you read any of these?
Will do!
certainly! Mr. Copley is a South African actor knows for roles in such films as The A-Team and Maleficent.
Yes, isn't Mike Woodson their coach?
Oh yeah, you are right. I know that Ben Stiller is the owner of the Madison Square Garden. Do you like football?
It is a great sport and also a good team, Victoria Bekham is great as well
He wrote Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil, which was turned into a film.
1932. It was released in 1997.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Great, have a good day!
Are you referring to the director who directed it?
He also wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
He sure did! He also wrote Paper Towns, which is a historical novel.
You're welcome.
I think he is a talented footballer, did you know he plays for the Germany national football team?
Wow! I didn't know that. Is he a German football player?
It's hard to say, but I don't follow soccer much. Do you like soccer?
I would have to agree with you on that. He is quite good as well.
Gore Verbinski directed Rango starring Johnny Depp. Do you like Johnny Depp movies?
Well, then you might enjoy The Mexican if you like that genre.
You're welcome!
It was written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Dark Knight Rises.
The Prestige is a horror film.
I am not sure if they have produced or directed The Prestige.
Memento stars Ethan Hawke and Hugh Jackman
Of course! He starred in The Tenant of Wildfell Hall and The Old Curiosity Shop.
You're welcome
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a popular one by L. Frank Baum.
Yes, it is considered a fantasy as well.
Some other books in the Fantasy genre include The Looking Glass Wars, The Golden Compass and the Harry Potter series.
Yes, it was written by Diana Gabaldon. Would you like to know more?
The Secret Life of Bees was another great one. It is written by Diana Gabaldon.
You are welcome!
Cate Blanchett is the latest movie. It was released in 2017.
The Holiday was released in 2005.
It is a romance-thriller.
Winter's Bone is a good thriller.
yes Kate Winslet also starred in The Wedding Date.
WALLE is a great children's movie. It stars Jodi Picoult and Robert Davi.
He also wrote X-Men: The Last Stand.
The last stand is X-Men movie released in 2016 and stars Hugh Jackman.
Yes. The Union is a great movie. It stars Ben Stiller and Hugh Jackman.
Oprah Winfrey, Nick Cassavetes and Jennifer Lawrence starred in it.
Yes- the union was released in 2008.
It was written by Sarah Dessen and is young adult fiction genre, Have you read any of her works?
Other books similar to this one include What Happened to Goodbye and The Truth About Forever.
Sure, other young adult fiction books I can recommend are; The Truth About Forever, and The Puppet Master.
Well, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
It's considered children's literature but is also considered children's literature.
It was written by Katherine Paterson. It's considered children's literature.
I have not seen it but what do you know about Ocean's Twelve: the genre or the actors?
There are two of the actors in Ocean's Twelve: Ocean's Twelve: Ocean's Twelve: Ocean's Twelve: Ocean's Eleven. Ocean's Eleven is written by George Nolfi.
Great! I hope you enjoy!
Robert Lewandowski is an American professional footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich and the Poland national team.
I am a huge fan. I like football. What about you?
SC Freiburg is a great team. Is there anything else I can help with?
He has starred in several movies such as Nixon and Mr. 3000.
Yes, he is a screenwriter who wrote Harry Potter and The Cursed Child.
It is considered a Memoir. A similar book you might enjoy is The Silkworm.
Yes, he's a screenwriter as well. He had a role in the movie Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
Sure, I'll add them to your list.
Snow Flower
Snow Flower and the Secret Fan is a Fiction and the genre is fiction.
I'm sorry I don't know about it, but I do know that it was released in 2014 and is an English language book.
Anytime!
Do you like movies produced by Quentin Tarantino?
So you must enjoy action films. Perhaps you would also like Hobo with a Shotgun
It is a Crime/Drama film that was released in 1994.
Sure, this book is written by Stieg Larsson and was released in 2006.
Steig Larsson wrote The Girl wit the Dragon Tattoo and The Girl In The Spider's Web.
Yes it was released in 2005 and is in English.
You are welcome.
You're welcome!
I sure do, he starred in Thriller Film Wicked, Tusk, Kill Bill: Vol 2. What kind of genre do you like?
Wicked is a Crime Fiction Film. It was released in 2011 and also stars Vanessa Redgrave.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome. Have a good day!
Yes, he wrote that book. One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, is a drama. Do you enjoy drama?
Oh, I recommend that you read it. Its a very good book.
Great, enjoy!
He is an athlete, a point guard, and a basketball player.
I don't know anything about him, other than he's a basketball player. Do you like Space Jam?
He was so funny. I loved Ghostbusters.
Yes he did. Dan Aykroyd was the writer of the Ghostbusters.
Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls written by John Pogue have you seen it?
Yes, Vin Diesel stars in The Fast and the Furious.
That's a great film. J.J. Abrams also starred in A Man Apart.
No problem!
He also wrote Travels with Charley: In Search of America, Tortilla Flat, The Winter of our Discontent and many more. Have you read any of these?
I do! He's a great writer. He wrote What Lies Beneath as well. It is a nice comedy. Do you know his work?
Yes he did
Yes it is. It is a very good movie
Do you like them because they are in the National Football League?
I'm not a big fan of football but I do know that they're coached by Thomas F. Wilson.
I understand. Never let me go is a good one for you.
Not sure, but it is written by Paula McLain who also wrote Circling the Sun. Have you read them?
You're correct. Circling the Sun was released in 2015, and it's in the English language.
You're welcome.
You're welcome!
That depends, do you like thrillers or mysteries?
Eraserhead is starring Tom Clancy. what else can i answer for you?
its a thriller and drama. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
The Fault in Our Stars is a popular one that he directed.
The Fault in Our Stars is starring Shailene Woodley. Do you like dramas?
It is a young-adult fiction.
You are welcome!
Hotel Rwanda is starring Terry George who also starred in Hart's War
Sure. It was written by Nelson DeMille who also wrote Lord of the Flies.
Yes it is. It's a war film and was directed by Roland Emmerich.
Great. Enjoy!
Sure! Tammara Webber wrote Easy and Breakable. Do you like like drama or crime fiction better?
It was released in 2011
2011 was the year that released You Are Not So Smart, written by David McRaney.
Sure, The Phantom Tollbooth was written by Norton Juster. Have you heard of him?
Sure, Peter Cushing starred in The Man in the Iron Mask and Tales from the Crypt as well as many others. Would you like to know more?
OK. He starred in Twins of Evil and Torture Garden. Have you seen either of those?
Robert Zemeckis wrote that. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Great I hope you enjoy it!
Peter Gallagher starred in The O.C. which also starred Tate Donovan. Did you like the genre of this movie?
While You Were Sleeping stars Sandra Bullock and Bill Pullman, among others.
Tom Wilkinson wrote Collateral Love. He is a very good actor.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
She starred in The Thomas Crown Affair and The Running Man, to name a couple.
I don't know if it is, but Yaphet Kotto starred in The Running Man.
Some other action movies you might like are World War Z and Cloverfield
You are welcome. Happy to help
I know that she is a writer, a film producer and a musician. I don't know about her. What about you?
Have you read Dystopia? It is also a Young Adult Fiction novel.
You might also like the hit book The Witch of Blackbird Pond by Elizabeth George Speare, it was released in 2015.
You are welcome! Have a great day.
It was written by Jeannette Walls.
She is the author of a book called The Glass Castle.
It is a memoir and was released in 2005
Okay, enjoy!
Yes, John Carpenter directed The Fault in Our Stars, which is starring Will Smith.
You're correct. Escape from New York is a Crime Fiction film. Do you like Crime Fiction?
Yes, you are correct. He has starred in it, too. He's been in a number of movies. Like Escape from L.A., which is a drama.
Rhonda Byrne wrote the Secret, the power, the magic
My apologies. I do not have any similar authors but I do know that it was written by Sean Byrne.
He wrote The Secret, which was released in 2002, and the genre is fiction.
He starred in Your Friend the Rat, Warriors of the 21st Century and WALL-E. Are you interested in any of those?
Your Friend the Rat was released in 2007. It stars Patton Oswalt as Remy, the rat.
Your Friend the Rat is a Rat movie and it is a animated film.
You're welcome
I've never read it, but I know it was written by Spike Jonze.
The BFG is a family friendly film. It was released in 1999 as well.
Your welcome. Hope you enjoy!
Still Alice is in the Fantasy genre. It was written by Zack Snyder.
Did you know that he is also a musician?
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Could I add that to your list?
Sure! He wrote the books, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time, The Red House and a A Spot of Bother. The first book has a genre Mystery.
Yes, they were. The Red House wasadapted into a film. Have you seen it?
Yes he did, The Messenger was a drama and action film. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Sure. He wrote Here Comes the Boom and Zookeeper. Is there a certain genre your looking for?
Kevin James also starred in Zookeeper. That's a romantic comedy.
I'm not sure about that but it is a comedy.
Yes, Once Upon a Time in the West was wrote by the same man.
Well, Once Upon a Time in America is a book by Mickey Knox.
I don't know who stars in Nightcrawler. I do know that he is a musician but a director with a certain genre you'd like?
I hope you enjoy it!
I know a little about him. He's a quarterback for the Packers. Do you like him?
It was released in 2003
Casper Van Dien, and Michael York where the main stars in the order.
You're welcome.
It is a great movie starring Tom Hanks.
I think you'd like The Alamo, which is also written by Michael Lewis. The Blind Side is a drama film.
Moneyball is produced by Steven Soderbergh. It's in the genre of Animation.
Yes its written by Cassandra Clare.
The Iron Trial, The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass, The Iron Trial, Clockwork Princess and more. Have you read any of these?
Then you'll like Clockwork Angel, it was released in 2013. It is also a fiction book.
You are welcome.
Yes, he directed Children of Men which was released in 1982. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did and that was released in 1999.
I believe it was a drama.
You're welcome!
I'm a little familiar with that book by C.S.Lewis. Would you like me to recommend other books by her?
He also wrote Till We Have Faces, The Silver Chair and The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.
You're welcome.
He wrote Yellow Submarine. I love that song!
Oh yes, I love the Beatles. They are my sons favorite team.
I have never heard of him. Is he on the team?
Do you know if he played or not?
Laurie Halse Anderson is an American writer, known for children's and young adult novels. She received the Margaret A. Edwards Award from the American Library Association in 2010 for her contribution to young adult literature
Wintergirls is a Crime Fiction. It was released in 1999.
Sure, enjoy the book!
Yes, I do! Are you a fan of Rihanna's music?
Oh, that's great. Did you know that she has a romatic relationship with Chris Brown?
It is a superhero movie. Do you like superhero movies?
He starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like romance films?
I'm not sure what genre it is, but it stars Laura Esquivel as well as Jason Bateman.
I'm not sure what it's about. However, it is a romance film.
Enjoy!
It stars Suzanne Collins and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like this genre?
No problem. I'd recommend Xenocide and Wyrd Sisters. Both are great books.
Yes. It is a Fantasy/Comedy/Drama.
He is a person that starred in Little Miss Sunshine. He is a man of many things.
Yes, he did. He also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
No, John Elizabeth was not in the film. Jonathan Dayton also directed Little Miss Sunshine starring Elizabeth.
I am not familiar with her, but I know she has a film called Little Miss Sunshine that is a historical period drama.
You're welcome, enjoy!
True Believer is a book written by Nicholas Sparks. It's in the genre of romance. Do you like romance books?
Nicholas Sparks also wrote The Wedding. Have you read that one?
Yes, it was also a film written by Nicholas Sparks. I am going to add it to your reading list.
How about The Wedding? I heard this one was a good one.
The Matrix Revolution was directed by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
I'm not sure, but I know Keanu Reeves starred in The Matrix Revolutions.
He was also in "Predators" and "Mystic River."
He has starred in The Proposal, which is a thriller film.
Tim Robbins was the director of Mystic River.
Wonderful, enjoy the movies!
Yes, he directed The Mechanic.
Yes, that is a great movie. I liked it too. Did you know William Hurt starred in it?
X-Men 2 is another great one.
You're welcome
I'll add it now.
The Light Between Oceans is one book.
No, I haven't. What genre are you looking for?
Sure. He also directed The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Have you seen either of those?
Great! You're welcome.
Yes, she wrote Rebecca and My Cousin Rachel.
I'm sorry, I don't have anything about that book. But Daphne du Maurier wrote Jamaica Inn.
It was released in 1937.
No problem, happy to help.
I do not really my most hated team. But I do know that they just fired their head coach Mike McCarthy tonight because he did not get a long with Aaron rodgers the QB and he did not make the playoffs do you like them?
If you like that, you might want to visit Lambeau Field some day. It is pretty cool.
i have heard of him. do you like any other sports ?
he is a good coach. have you ever been to a game in person before?
That is true, they were the runner ups in Super Bowl XXXII.
Yes, I am a fan! Did you see him in Friends with Benefits?
It's a romantic comedy. If you like romantic comedies, you might also enjoy Friends with Benefits.
Sure, I'll have to check it out, thanks for the info!
I really like when she and Seth Meyers (Late Night with Seth Meyers) went day drinking? Have you seen that clip?
American Idol has genre Music and I love music. Do you like either of those genres?
I don't remember. I wish I could have to agree.
Yes, she was a voice actor in that TV show was the voice of Lisa on the Simpsons.
I can recommend a sequel, The Power of Six. Would you like to hear more titles from Joseph Sikora?
Sure. The Watcher was written by Joseph Sikora and also stars Thomas Lennon and James Cannon. It is a thriller.
You're right, he did star in The Watcher. He was also in The Aviator, which is a thriller.
You're welcome!
She wrote Little Lord Fauntleroy. Have you read that one?
Donald Sutherland, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone, Dr. Seuss all write. Are you into historical fiction?
Can I help you with anything else?
Station Eleven is written by St. John Mandel in 2014. I don't have information on it's genre, but I do know that it was released the same year as Wicked.
Toni Morrison wrote The Bluest Eye, Tar Baby, and Sula
Romance Novels
You should check out Voyager and The Penultimate Peril
Enter's Game was written by Quentin Tarantino.
No problem
Downfalls in the genre of War. Do you like War films?
Michael Biehn, Peter Scolari and Nona Gaye all star in the movie.
You're welcome!
Andrew Stanton directed Finding Nemo. Finding Nemo is a family genre.
Yes, Jeff Garlin also starred in The WALL-E. Are you interested in this genre?
Yes, Jeff Garlin was in the Animation too. He also produced the animated movie True Grit.
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you want to see more of his works?
Well, if you like The Great Gatsby, you will love The Crucible. Have you read that?
Well, it's a coming of age story starring Al Pacino. Do you have a preference in genre?
You are welcome!
He's a great actor. He starred in Playing for Keeps and Olympus has Fallen.
It's a romantic comedy. Did you know it was also turned into a movie?
It was released in 1999.
Sure. Playing for Keeps.
I never watch that movie, but I know it was written by Martin McDonagh, what do you know about it?
It also stars Anne Hathaway and Huey Lewis.
Yes, he did star in Wrath of the Titans and The Prince of Egypt.
You're welcome.
Sure. He directed the comedy American Pie as well as The Golden Compass.
He also directed the comedy American Pie as well as The Golden Compass.
I love that one. Christopher Weitz was in it as well.
He directed The One Minute Manager and The Godfather. Have you seen those?
I would. It's a great speculative fiction book. Is that the type of books you are looking for?
Yes, she wrote The Nightingale, which is a Mystery. And The Nightingale is also a film.
It is written by Matt Damon and was released in 2010. Do you want to know more about them?
I think he is a good tennis player but I like Andy Murray better.
I think you may like him as an actor as well. He starred in The Expendables 2.
You're welcome.
I definitely recommend Die Hard with a Vengeance, starring Bruce Willis.
Yes, he also wrote A Good Day to Die Hard. Have you seen it yet?
Of course, it is a Romance movie, was released in 2000.
Yes he did and it was also turned into a movie starring The Lorax.
Yes, The Sneetches and Other Stories is also a children's literature written by Theodore Lesieg as well.
You're welcome!
It starred J.K. Simmons and Melissa Benoist. JK won an Oscar for his role.
She is also in The Longest Ride and The Longest Ride.
If you like Melissa Benoist, also starred in The Longest Ride.
Yes, it is a Romance movie as well as Rhythm and Blues and romance.
Yes, I have seen Faster and Men of Honor! I think I have seen that one.
You're welcome
I do enjoy the Lakers. They are a professional basketball team based in Los Angeles, California. My favorite team is the Lakers.
I always enjoy watching Laker. My favorite team is the Lakers. Have you ever seen him play?
Oh wow, I agree. I would definitely watch this season.
She wrote books in a language I cannot translate.
I do not have that information but I do know he wrote books in a language I cannot translate.
Excellent, have a great day!
Sure! Do you like The Notebook because it's romance?
Have you read Post-Apocalyptic fiction?
I'm sorry, I don't have the information for that.
No problem, enjoy!
Washington Redskins sucks. did you know Dwight Schar owned this team
I don't know much about him, but I do know that he is a good player.
Wow! I didn't know that. That's awesome. The sports Illustrated Sportsman of the year was released!
He wrote Wild
She also wrote Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life from Dear Sugar
Your welcome
Sure, it is written by the great by J.K. Rowling. What can I tell you about it?
I recommend The Cuckoo's Calling and The Silkworm.
It is a fantasy novel. Are you interested in those types of books?
Any time! Enjoy!
I liked him in The Matrix Revolutions and The Human Stain. Do you like him?
Yes it is. You should check it out. It is a comedy.
Yes it is. Do you like it because it is a crime fiction?
That book was written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote Little House on the Prairie
Yes, some books similar to Little House on the Prairie are Little House on the Prairie and Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger.
Yes indeed. You should give them a try.
Venus Williams is an American professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 40 in the WTA singles rankings.
I didn't know that. What genre is that?
I didn't know that. I see that Venus has lost to Venus as well.
I don't think so. The Lost Symbol is written by Dan Brown. Would you like to know more about it?
That is a really good movie written by Ron Howard. Would you like to know more about Tom Hanks?
Yes, he did. Ron Howard also wrote The Da Vinci Code and The Inferno.
He directed The Da Vinci Code and Inferno.
I recommend The Da Vinci Code and The Lost Symbol. Both are excellent dramas.
Enjoy
Yes, X-Men: First Class is one of my favorite movies.
It's a Thriller.
You might like Cloverfield, which is a sci-fi movie.
Yes, I like Robert Downey Jr., he starred in X-Men: First Class. I think you'll enjoy it!
He wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented and other books.
It is a Feminist perspective
He also wrote A Pure Woman Faithfully in 1891
Rick Yancey wrote The Monstrumologist,The Last Star, The Infinite Sea.Are you looking for something like that?
He has written Seven Pounds, Their Eyes Were Watching God and Something Borrowed.
You are welcome, goodbye.
Starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn, what do you like about it?
I would recommend Zoolander 2 and Anything else I can help you with.
I will have to check them out!
It's a great drama. Do you like it because of its writer or because it's genre?
Ok, then I recommend World Without End, Wolf Brother or Wildwood Dancing.
The Untouchables is starring Bruce Willis and is a Romance movie.
You're welcome.
Did you know that that was written by Nicholas Sparks?
Two By Two is written by Nicholas Sparks.
Well, That is a good one.
I don't really know much about them except they're a K-pop boy band. Do you like them?
I have Inkhheart and Tintenherz. Would you like those?
Inkheart is a fantasy movie. You might like Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Enjoy!
Do you like the Hangover movies because it is a comedy?
It was written by Robert C. O'Brien and stars Josh Brolin.
Your welcome
Hello, yes Albus wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
The book has a genre of Speculative Fiction, historical fiction and Speculative fiction. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know she starred in Hook Ya Crook
That is true, do you like soccer?
He starred in Hook Ya Crook, which is a romantic comedy.
Sure. Tracy Chevalier wrote the black comedy book Falling Angels. Does that sound interesting to you?
I believe it was published in 1996.
You are welcome.
Do you like the author Roald Dahl?
There is one more I know of and that is The Return of the King by James Patterson.
I don't see any information on that, but I can find some other books by Quentin Blake.
Enjoy!
Yes, they are. Are you a soccer fan?
I love his writing! He wrote The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes, The Complete Sherlock Holmes, and The Return of Sherlock Holmes. Do you enjoy detective or mystery type novels and movies?
Yes, do you like this movie because it is a Sci-Fi or because it is a Fantasy?
Sure, Stan Lee also wrote The Amazing Spider-Man, and The Incredible Hulk.
Yes, Stan Lee also starred in Iron Man 3 and Thor
Absolutely, enjoy and have a great day
There are many books to choose from but a few to mention are The Joy Luck Club, The Hundred Secret Senses and The Family Man.
Jon Favreau wrote Made, starring Faizon Love, and Jonathan Silverman
He directed The Wolfman and Jurassic Park III right?
The films that you might like are Zombieland and World War Z. Have you seen them?
Yes he did. He also starred in The Pillars of the Earth.
I hope you like it!
Sure, did you like Sharp Objects because it was written by Gillian Flynn, or because it was the genre Suspense/Mystery?
She also wrote Sharp Objects and Dark Places.
I believe it was. It was released in 2014 in English.
It was released in 2015.
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works
Cold Blood is a Drama. Do you like Drama?
Michael Bay is the producer of Transformers and also did Mystery Men and I Am Number Four. Would you like to know more?
It's a great movie! It stars Robin Williams, William Hurt and William Hurt.
It was directed by Steven Spielberg. Are you a Spielberg fan?
You're welcome.
Sure, I can recommend another book The Stars My Destination, which was written by Mark Cotta Vaz.
Yes, it's a vampire series.
You're right. Do you like her books?
You're welcome!
Sure, he directed Seven Psychopaths. Gabourey Sidibe starred in it.
It is a psychological thriller starring Tom Hardy, Michelle Pfeiffer
You're welcome
Sure. Did you like the book because it was written by Billie Letts or because it was a romance novel?
It is a drama released in 1999.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Enjoy!
He's a golfer. Do you like gold?
I didn't know much about Golf, but I remember Adam Sandler was in the movie. Do you know Sandler wrote that?
I love Julia Bowen! She was in quite a few films actually, and was in The Flintstones!
She starred in Wonder Women 2017, also in Solider 1998
Shaun Evans and Damian Lewis were the principal actors.
It is a fantasy, do you like those types of movies?
That was released in 2013 and written by Rick Yancey.
Ricky Yancey also released that year. He also released The Last Star, The Handmaid's Tale and The Invisible Man.
Ricky Yancey also wrote the Monstrumologist series.
Sure! You might like The Tuxedo, The Last Star, or The Invisible Man.
No problem! Enjoy.
She's a bit poppy for me. Wasn't she in Valentine's Day and the cartoon The Lorax?
She was in Valentine's day with Kevin Spacey as well. She was also in The Lorax, which is a great movie.
I didn't know she was in Men in Black 3, but I did see the movie she was hilarious in The Giver.
I do! He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and Turbo. The Proposal was a great movie too.
I haven't seen it but I've heard it's a good one. I highly recommend it.
Ted is a great comedy movie. Would you like me to recommend other comedies?
Excellent. I hope you enjoy the movie.
Yeah, he does well with the ladies. He was in Men in Black 3 and he is a good singer.
I like the song Love Yourself, would you like to hear it?
If you like his music I think you should watch Men in Black 3
That was a great movie! Would you like movies with actors from that movie or a more science fiction related search?
Yes, he was. He was also in The Dark Knight
He was also in Wonderland
Jack and Jill, Bedtime stories, grown ups. Adam Sandler movies are all awesome
Sure Grown Up was directed by Steve Oedekerk, who also directed Friends with Benefits
Yes he did and it was directed by Steve Coogan.
You are welcome
Victor Hugo is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for French club Paris Saint-Germain
It was released in 1599 and in the Romance genre.
It is considered a Gothic Fiction book.
Another good book of his is Notre Dame. Have you read that one?
You are welcome!
He wrote There Will be Blood and The Master. He's been involved in a lot of different movies. Would you like to hear more?
I don't know a lot about her. But, I know she is from Adelaide.
Yeah he's done a lot of different kinds of music. I like Dance wiv Me and Shakira, What's Your Number. Have you heard of them?
No, if you like Coldplay a lot, you might check out The Voice, or if you like the vocals.
Anthony Hopkins starred in both Bobby and The Edge.
Peter and Paul is a romantic drama. Do you like romantic dramas?
Sure, that's a great choice. Tom Everett and Eddie Murphy have starred in it as well. It is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The are a pretty good team. Do you follow football much?
I actually don't follow them too much this season. I do know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt and owned by Bud Adams.
I really do not know much about them, they're coached by Wayne Weaver.
I do. He is a very good basketball player.
I didn't know he was with the Denver Nuggets now.
It was a great movie by Danny DeVito. I haven't seen it yet.
Yes that was written by William Shakespeare. If you like his work I can make some recommendations for you.
My data is not showing the exact date but I do know that the book was released many years ago.
Ok enjoy your reading!
She is a tennis player. She is from Constanta, Romania and quite good. Do you like her?
I will have to look Serena Williams has a record 23 grand slam singles titles
Yeah, she has been in a few matches. My favorite is Venus and Serena. She lost to Serena a lot of matches.
I have not really followed them much as it seems they float around between the AFL and the NFL.
He had a runner up in Super Bowl XLVII, did you know that?
It was Super Bowl XIX so it's been a little while
Yes, Mervyn Peake is a artist and author, she wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and was influenced by Michael Moorcock
It was released in 1886.
It was considered a thriller.
You may like The Silence of the Lambs, written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
Stephenie Meyer is one of the actors in the movie.
I'll have to check back, once I've confirmed that its still available.
Yes, The Philosopher's Stone is a book based on a book. The Philosopher's Stone is written by Steve Kloves. Would you like to know more about it?
He also wrote The Goonies, I highly recommend it.
Yes, he wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
Kenneth H. Blanchard wrote it. The book was released in 1981.
Its a suspense book released in 1981.
No problem.
Well, I do not have that information but I can tell you that The Fountainhead is in English.
She also wrote We the Living. Have you heard of that one?
Your welcome. Hope you enjoy!
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories ?
There is a similar book called The Island of Dracula, which is also written by Isaac Asimov.
Both were written by Stephen King. Would you like to hear more about Stephen King's books?
He also wrote Monsters University, which starred Stephen Fry
She wrote Under the Tuscan Sun.
Under the Tuscan Sun is a Romance Novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Do you like the movie because it is a fiction?
Yes Harper Lee wrote Go Set a Watchman
you are welcome
She also wrote Go Set a Watchman which was released in 2015
Yes, I did enjoy it, it starred Al Pacino and was released in 1990. Do you enjoy crime fiction movies?
I have not, but I know it was written by Robert De Niro and starred Al Pacino.
I see, I like him too. Did you know he produced it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
I am not sure, but I know it also stars Josh Brolin as a head coach.
Great, enjoy the movie!
Sure, Seamus Heaney wrote Beowulf.
It is a Romeo and Juliet and is considered a Romeo and Juliet.
It is written in English and is a classic.
Yes. He starred in The Terminator and The Order. Do you like thrillers?
Sure, he was also in The Terminator and The Order. Do you like action films?
Sure, Lionheart is an action movie and it also stars James McCaffrey and Matt Damon.
Woody Harrelson, Jesse Eisenberg also starred in the movie.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher Stone also starred in that movie.
You are welcome
He directed Seven Psychopaths. Gabourey Sidibe starred in it.
Six Shooter was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Nicholas Cage.
Seven Psychopaths is an action film.
I agree. James Harden was great in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
I watch it most Sundays at least one game. I am a fan of Kobe Bryant tho.
Wilson Chandler that was drafted to the New York Knicks? I think he's a great shooting guard too.
Would you wish me to recommend something in relation to Heroic Fantasy?
Alien is apart of the film series Aliens. Aliens is written by Ronald Shusett. Have you seen the other movies in the series?
Yes, he is the director of that series. The Sixth Sense is a great series of movies.
Not that I can find but he has written many great horror films such as Hunted and White House Down.
Sure! Anything else I can help you with?
Released in 2013, The Rosie Project was written by Graeme Simsion. Does the name sound familiar?
Yes, she also wrote Effect. Are you a fan of The Rosie Project?
No, same year The Rosie Effect was released.
He wrote the Movie Olympus Has Fallen and Brooklyn's Finest.
Philip Baker Hall starred in Olympus. He also starred in the movie A Bug's Life.
He also produced The Last Dragon, which is a fantasy movie.
John Cusack is the writer of War films.
Yes, I do. Do you enjoy him as an actor or singer?
That was a good movie. He was also in Friends with Benefits.
I believe he is a friend with Will Smith. I'm not sure if he was involved with him.
The Cather in the Rye was written by J.D Salinger. He also wrote Raise High the Roof Beam and Nine Stories.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, the author of To Kill a Mockingbird was released in 1925. Would you like to know more about this book?
Yes, Harper Lee also wrote Go Set a Watchman and the Emperors Cool Clothes.
You're welcome, enjoy!
It was written by Cassandra Clare. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes, you're correct. It was also written by her too.
No problem! Enjoy!
I'm not a huge baseball fan. But the references to them and George Steinbrenner were hilarious on Seinfeld.
The team owner is George Steinbrenner, who was a former world No. 1 in singles.
I'm not sure about that, I know it was written by George Steinbrenner, who was a captive for heart.
A deadly heart attack, right?
Yes, I know him and Twain James is a popular musician.
I'm a big fan of badminton and I loved watching the 2012 Olympics. What about you?
What do you think of badminton? I've always enjoyed the 2012 summer olympics.
Ok, I'm sorry. I don't know much about it, but I do know that he was a athlete that plays for the Super Bowl.
I do, it's a paranormal romance, urban fantasy, young adult fiction book. Is that the type of book you are looking for?
I do! It was written by Stan Lee and is a science fiction. It was released in 2012.
The Amazing Spider-Man and The Amazing Spider-Man 2 are written by Steve Kloves.
Yes, it is a fantasy, would you like to know more about this ?
ok
Yes, Gillian wrote What Do you Do
It is a non fiction novel
There is a fiction thriller called Sharp Objects.
You're welcome
He wrote Heretics of Dune, which is a Speculative fiction.
Okay, have you heard of What Lies Beneath?
Sorry, I don't have that information.
Sure, enjoy the book!
Did you like it because it was a Mystery or because it was written by Madagascar?
That is a great movie, have you seen it yet? It is also written by James Patterson.
Great, enjoy!
I sure do! It was written by Robert Jordan. Are you familiar with him?
It is a wonderful movie. The next in the series is The Marvelous Land of Oz. Have you heard of it?
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
You're so welcome!
Did you enjoy Little Miss Sunshine because it is a Romance or Drama?
It was released in 1999 and stars Christian Bale. It's a romantic comedy.
You're welcome!
I saw the movie, but I haven't read the book. That was written by Sara Gruen. Have you read it?
No, I haven't. Do you like the book because of its fantasy genre?
Yes I have. Ape House is a book in the English language.
Yes, I will add it to your reading list.
What do you think about it?
OK, have a good day!
Beautiful Disaster is a novel written by Jamie McGuire and released in 2011. It has very good reviews and is considered a favorite for some.
I don't know what other work he has written, but I do know Jamie McGuire won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. He also wrote Walking Disaster.
You're welcome!
Pulp Fiction was written by Quentin Tarantino.
John Travolta also starred in Zombieland
She was in Walk the Line and Self/less. Do those sound interesting to you?
Tyler Hinton was also in that movie. Do you like him?
She also starred in the Music Never Stopped
Of course. Joseph Heller wrote The Crossing and The Kingdom of the Crystal Skull. Have you read those?
Definitely, it is my favorite soccer team! My brother likes Chelsea, we always fight about it.
Not really. I am more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan. What about you?
I like Cam Newton. He's fun to watch. Who is the current coach of the Nets?
Jake Gyllenhaal is a director. Some of his most well-known works include Yuri Gagarin Saves Christmas and The Day After Tomorrow. Have you heard of either of those?
It was released in 2002.
It also stars Michael Angarano and Jesse Eisenberg.
You're welcome!
Do you like science fiction
Well, The Looking Glass Wars is a great fantasy novel
Yes, it is. It's part of the series.
It was released in 2004.
Yes, she wrote The Mists of Avalon and the Forest House. Are you interested in Speculative fiction novels?
It is part of a series, the next in the series is The Goddess of Avalon, have you read it?
The author is Marion Zimmer Bradley. This book was released in 1982 and is part of the series The Mists of Avalon.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy that!
Yes, He directed The Devil Wears Prada. Are you a fan of animated movies?
What If You Do is a romantic comedy and also starred Charlize Theron. It was released in 2007.
It is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I hope you enjoy it!
Absolutely! My favorite book by him is The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo. Have you read that one?
Yes, it is a comedy-drama.
Anytime!
I did like it. O Brother, Where Art Thou is written by William Shakespeare. It is an adventure film. Do you like adventure films?
Sure! He also wrote The Big Lebowski and The Big Lebowski.
I don't have that information, but O Brother, Where Art Thou was released in 1985.
You are welcome.
He was in Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi. Have you seen that one?
Wally Lamb wrote Three Pigs and The Hour I First Believed. Do you like Fiction?
Yes, it was released in 2009.
Yes it is!
I'm not a fan of his. I only know that he is a singer, songwriter and musician.
I recommend The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. Have you read that?
Yes, he was, as well as Ken Kesey wrote The Incredible Hulk. Would you like to see it?
Denis Leary is an actor similar to Leo Tolstoy.
He starred in the movies The Incredibles and Monsters, Inc.
I didn't know Leo was in a movie called The White House Down
Lukas Haas In the movie is a popular movie that I mentioned.
They both starred in the movie, Whalbergberg.
You're welcome
Yes, The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is written by Stephen King. It is part of the series.
The Silver Chair is also written by C.S. Lewis. Have you heard of it?
The Silver Chair is a fantasy and The Wardrobe is in the genre of Children's Literature.
Sure, he directed Elysium and District 9, both movies. District 9 is an Indie Film that blew it out of the park, have you seen it?
Yes it is, you should check it out. It's a thriller.
Yes, she was. She was also in House Bunny.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Yes! She was in Call Me Maybe and Call Me Maybe. Have you seen those?
I have several songs like Thank You for Smoking and Screaming.
You're welcome.
He is a soccer player for Manchester United F.C. and he plays for Manchester United F.C.
Pep Guardiola and Jupp Heynckes are some of the players on that team.
I think he's from Guadalajara, Mexico and he was actually born on June 1st, 1988.
Bobby Farrelly directed Stuck on You. Stuck on You is written by Peter Farrelly. Would you like more information about this?
If you like comedy films, you should check out Zoolander. It stars Michelle Pfeiffer.
Jim Carrey stars in a lot of movies. I am not sure if I'm still looking for.
Glad to help!
Yes he plays basketball. He is a point guard for the Chicago Bulls.
Well, he plays for the Chicago Bears. He was a point guard for the Chicago Bulls.
How are they doing this year?
Sure! Number the Stars is written by Lois Lowry and the genre is Speculative fiction.
Yes, she wrote it as well, and it was released in 1981.
No problem, enjoy!
He wrote The Twits, which is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
He wrote The Twits, which is also by Quentin Blake.
Well there's Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban just to name a few.
The book was released in 2007. Would you like to know more about this book?
No problem!
This book is by the popular author John Green, who writes young adult fiction. You might also like The Fault in Our Stars.
The Fault in Our Stars has genre Young-adult fiction. You might also like The Fault in Our Stars.
Absolutely!
I'm not positive it's similar but Ashes to Ashes is in the same genre and is an action movie like The Firm.
It's an action film. If you like that genre, I highly recommend it.
You are welcome!
I recommend Island.
Yes, it was released as well. That was the same year that The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell was released.
The Last Battle was released in 1956. Would you like to know more about it?
You're very welcome!
I know he wrote a book that was released in 1987. It was A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Yes, he also wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Of course, Stephen Hawking wrote The Universe in a Nutshell, and The Grand Design.
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
OK, anything else I can help you with?
Sure, she's been in lots of movies. Which genres do you like?
That's great, she is a great actor. Have you seen his movies?
That's right. She was also in The Witch of Blackbird Pond. That's a classic!
The Horse Whisperer is a Drama/Comedy.
He's written When You Are Engulfed in Flames as well as Santaland Diaries.
It's a Fiction and was released in 2008.
Yes, it was released in 2008. Would you like to know more about this book?
You're welcome
Yes, I like her very much! She is very talented. Aside from being a great singer, she's also a Songwriter, and she can act, too!
I don't know that, but I do enjoy her music. She's very talented.
Yes, that is a great song. So it's a Wonderful Life is a good one.
Robin Williams starred in the movies The Last Dragon, The Bodyguard, and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen any of those?
Did you know that Mrs. Doubtfire also starred in The Visitor? It is a classic.
Yes, she was, did you know the movie was directed by Scott Cooper?
Enjoy!
Robert Ludlum directed The Bourne Identity. He also directed The Scarlatti Inheritance. Have you seen that movie?
Yes he did. Sean Penn and Sarah Polley both starred in this movie.
If you like thrillers, you may also enjoy Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
Enjoy!
Sure, He wrote The Crucible.
Sure, it was released in 1953 and is in the English language.
Sure, I would recommend A Christmas Carol or The House of Mirth, both are great tragedies.
Sure. The Fall of the House of Usher is written by J.R.R Tolkien, do you like his work?
You're welcome, enjoy!
He is a basketball athlete who lives in Long Beach, California.
You mean the Basketball player?
He plays point guard for the Seattle Supersonics.
He's a point guard.
Sure! Mary Harron directed American Psycho and was the Executive Producer on The Notorious Bettie Page. Have you seen either of these?
Mary is an action thriller
your welcome
It was released in 2001
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Billy Boyd. Do you like Fantasy films?
He also wrote The Matrix Revisited and The Matrix Revolutions.
He directed the movie V for Vendetta.
He directed The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen it?
Rip Tom stars in Allegiant.
The genre is Action and a thriller. You might be interested in watching this genre.
The Light Between Oceans is one book.
The Light Between Oceans has genre Drama. Are you interested in drama?
Yes, he starred in that movie. He also starred in The Road to El Dorado.
You are welcome.
Yes, Andy Tennant is a celebrity friend to Tyga. He was in the movie The Bounty Hunter. Have you seen it?
No, he only acted in the movies The Bounty Hunter and Sweet Home Alabama. Have you seen those movies?
Fool's Gold starred Jason Statham and Liam Neeson. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes he did, along with Adam McConaughey.
You're welcome!
He's a writer, director and producer. He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
I have no information about the book but i do not have any information about the book
you are welcome
Yes, it is a good movie starring Tom Hanks.
Sure, if you like Taxi Driver you might also enjoy X-Men Origins: Wolverine, that's a great one!
Enjoy!
I know that he is an athlete that played on the Uruguay national football team, but that's it.
Yes, Liverpool F.C is also a midfielder. Do you like football?
Yes I agree that he is very good. Do you follow any other sports ?
The Patriots are a professional American football team based in England. Their coach is Tom Brady. Do you like the Patriots?
Have you seen the other Harry Potter films? They are a must! Half-Blood Prince is the sixth story in the lengthy series.
Did you know the first book was released in 2016?
Do you know anything about Harry Potter or the Deathly Hallows?
Yes, it was written by John Steinbeck and released in 2015.
The Odyssey stars Orlando Bloom and Christopher Lee. Do you like their work?
No problem. What genre are you looking for?
You're welcome!
That was written by Tennessee Williams and is a drama. Do you like dramas?
That is indeed! It is a beautiful novel.
It is a drama released in 1945. It was written in 1945.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Hayao Miyazaki wrote The Phantom of the Opera and Ponyo.
It stars a movie called Yojimbo and it was released in 2011.
Unfortunately, I do not have that information at my finger tips but I can tell you that he also starred in The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
You're welcome!
I don't know too much about her, just that she's a Table Tennis player and is quite good at it. Do you follow her?
I am not sure about that, but I know he participated in the 2012 Olympics.
No I do not.
I can't remember their time but I would love to see them play the San Francisco 49ers. Did you watch the World Series?
I do like them, but my favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks. Have you watched the World Series?
I do like the Rangers, he is a great team. I am not a big fan of football
Not much, I know it's a German sports club based in Munich. They have a game this coming Saturday.
Not really. I like soccer. I prefer American Football. Soccer tends to bore me.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. but I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. What about you?
Horse and His Boy isn't in the Speculative Fiction genre, but it was written by Walter Hill.
Yeah, it's pretty good. You should give it a try.
You're welcome.
I'm not very familiar with her work but would you like me to recommend other books by her?
I am not familiar with her, but I would say she is very talented. She wrote the book.
Okay, I think you might enjoy that one. She also wrote In Her Shoes. It is about a girl.
Have a great day!
Okay, great. I'm happy to help.
Have a good day!
Yes. Odd THomas stars Dean Koontz and is considered a thriller.
Well, it's actually a series. The next in the series is Odd Thomas. It's also a Sci-Fi book as well.
Rob Zombie wrote that one as well. It was released in 2008.
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion.
Pride and Prejudice was originally published in 1813. It's a novel.
Well, it appears he has starred in many films including Sense and Sensibility and Pride and Prejudice, as well as Emma.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Titanic stars Leonardo DiCaprio and is written by James Cameron. Do you like James Cameron?
You might also enjoy the movie Avatar. It's one of Leonardo DiCaprio and is also a romance film.
Yes, it was adapted from a book and written by Veronica Roth. Are you interested in her movies?
You might enjoy The Giver or The Lorax.
Oh, yes! She starred in The Proposal and Step Up. Have you seen either of those films?
Yes that's true. I think she's also starred in The Proposal with Sandra Bullock.
It's a romantic comedy
The Proposal is a comedy too!
Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors and The Secret Adversary. Do you like fiction books?
They Do it with Mirrors has the genre comedy-drama.
The Mystery of the Blue Train by Agatha Christie is a good one.
Yes, I love her. She starred in The Special Relationship and The Queen. Have you seen either of them?
Yes, it also stars Ralph Fiennes and Colin Firth. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I love Ralph Fiennes too. He was in a lot of TV movies including The Jungle Book and Ralph Fiennes.
He directed, and produced Red Cliff. It was an Action film starring Takeshi Kaneshiro.
Red cliff is a fantasy film, is that what you are looking for?
Well, Red cliff is also a war film written by Luo Guanzhong, which is also a war film.
You are welcome!
Madagascar has a genre of Science Fiction, Action and Adventure starring Jared Leto. Do you like these genres?
He was in Madagascar, an animated film. He also directed A Bug's Life. Have you seen it?
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
He wrote The War of the Worlds and The Stand. Have you seen those?
Well, he starred in The Worlds End, which is a Sci-Fi/Action film. He also starred in The Sicilian Mafia.
Yes! It also directed by Edgar Wright as well. It is a psychological thriller and sci-fi movie.
Awesome!
Did you know he's from Oklahoma City?
He is a point guard with the Seattle Seahawks, I believe.
He is called Point guard for the Houston Rockets, do you like basketball?
A Grief observed is written by C.S. Lewis.
He also wrote Till We Have Faces, The magicians Nephew and The Horse and His Boy.
You're very welcome!
Andy Murray is a very good tennis player.
Well, he won the 2012 PGA Championship. I don't have much information on him either.
That's interesting, I didn't know that. I know he was born in London though.
I haven't heard of that. I will have to check it out. I know he was influenced by Venus Williams and Serena Williams.
He wrote Fast Food Nation : The Dark Side of the All-American Meal and starred in McLibel
Yes I am familiar with Walt Whitman. He was a journalist as well.
It is considered children's literature, but there are more children's literature that you might enjoy.
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
Sure. He starred in The Skulls. It's a thriller.
Me too! Have you seen X-Men 2 or World War Z?
Yes, he is a great actor. Did you know he was also in The Death and Life of Bobby Z? That's a great action movie.
I don't have that information, but I do know he was in The Fast and the Furious movies.
I sure can! Peter Krause starred in We Don't Live Here Anymore, The Truman Show, Civic Duty and Beastly. Would you like more information about one of these?
I don't know any more about The Truman Show but it's a Comedy.
You're welcome. I hope you like it.
No I have. He's an athlete who plays cricket for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
Welcome to the World, Baby Girl and I still dream about you are great books that I would suggest. You read them?
It was released in 2012 and is a drama/fantasy
I currently don't have any information on any other psychological thrillers.
You're welcome
That's a great film! It was written by Joel Cohen and is such a great animated movie.
Anything else I can help you with?
No, I haven't read Toy Story and it is written by John Lee Hancock
Absolutely. Do you like Memento because it's written by Jonathan Nolan?
Thrillers include Shark Night, xXx, and xXx. Do you like any of these?
Vanilla Sky stars Penelope Cruz and Jason Lee. Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Jean M Auel wrote The valley of hoarse which is genre fantasy. also the shelters of stone.
You might also enjoy "The Clan of the Cave Bear" or "The Clan of the Cave Bear".
Yes, you are correct. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Absolutely!
Yes, Its by Rick Riordan and it's a Young adult fiction book. To you want to here more about books like this?
Sure! He wrote The Son of Neptune and The Titan's Curse. Are you familiar with either of those?
Yes, he did. It is a similar book to The Lost Hero. Would you like to hear more about that?
I don't follow soccer that much. I do know he is a midfielder from Germany.
Didn't he play on the German national football team?
I don't know much about him either. I know he is a midfielder and a forward.
not much of a football fan. who is your fav player?
yea shes pretty good. who is your fav player?
I love that movie! I and watched when Rudy was hilarious.
She wrote Pretty Little Liar the genre is Teen Drama, do you like teen drama?
Yes, she is. It's a famous comedy about her life.
Great, i hope you enjoy!
I haven't read National Treasure, but I heard it was written by Orson Scott Card.
Yes that is a great movie. It was released in 2004.
Yes that is a great movie. He also starred in The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou that you might like.
I'll add it now.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Absolutely, East of Eden, The Pearl of the World and Travels with Charley: In search of America is all wiritten by John Steinbeck. Do you like these?
It is a fiction book. Do you like that genre?
The novel was published in 1991. I recommend reading the book first.
I know that Chelsea is an English football club who was born in Murrieta.
Wow. I didn't know that. The team is owned by Thomas F. Wilson. I don't follow football much
I'm not sure. I don't know much about it, though.
N'Golo Kante is a Uruguayan professional football team based in London.
They're good. Pete Carroll is a good coach. What do you think?
Michael Heim wrote Amerika which is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
I would recommend both Radiance and Warbreaker.
Yes, he did and it's a Historical period drama.
Yes they were released in 2014
Great, hope you enjoy!
It's a crime fiction movie with Robert Downey Jr Philip Baker Hall and Lee Norris.
If you like Robert Downey Jr., he also starred in the movie Zodiac. I highly recommend it!
If you like action films, you might also like Without a Trace. It is another crime Thriller with Robert Downey Jr.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
X-Men 2. X-Men 2 starring bruce davison
Sure! Bryan Singer directed the movie X-Men 2.
I believe it is a Thriller/Sci-Fi movie .
I like super hero thrillers, do you know any other actors?
You are welcome, have a great day!
Yes, it was a movie called Unbreakable. It also starred Kevin Corrigan.
Yes, a couple of my favorites are The Last Airbender and The Incredibles. Have you seen those?
Those are all great movies to watch. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Enjoy!
Sure Terry Gilliam wrote The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus which has genre in Adventure. Do you like adventure films?
Adventure is an action film, starring Parnassus was released in 1982.
You are welcome
You're welcome
Sure, The Lucky One is a romantic drama written by Will Fetters and Nicholas Sparks, are you a fan of the authors or genres by any chance?
Have you read The Notebook or The Best of Me?
The Wedding was released in 2002 and is in the romance genre.
Yes, Zane Grey is a Psychological thriller.
your welcome.
The Wolf of Wall Street stars Leonardo DiCaprio, do you like it because you like his movies?
It was released in 1999 as a non-fiction. It's written by Arthur C. Clarke.
Great, enjoy the movie!
Hmm, I don't know that one! What kind of book is it?
You might also enjoy The Clan of the Cave Bear. It was written by Jean M. Auel.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Callum Rennie starred in The Young and Prodigious T.S. Spivit.
Yes, Callum Rennie starred in The Young Elites. what else can i do for you?
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was written by Vladimir Nabokov. He also wrote Lolita and Pale Fire.
It was written by Rick Riordan. It's considered a children's literature.
Great, a couple other good ones are How to Win Friends and Influence People, and Voyager.
Yes, Gillian Flynn also wrote Dark Places. She's similar to the author, Gillian Flynn.
The Scar is a mystery book written by Lee Unkrich and released in 1843.
It was directed by Kurt Wimmer. Do you like romance films?
He directed The Theory of Everything
The King is a drama and action movie directed by Lames Marsh.
Total Recall is an older movie released in 1990. Would you like to watch it?
I don't have any suggestions for movies he's starring in but he was in The Jungle Book and The Ice Harvest.
He was in The Chemist and The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner.
You are welcome.
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories ?
Yes, it is a thriller. Are you interested in books in that genre?
I believe it was released in 2016. Have you read it?
Sure! Brave was directed by Roland Emmerich. If you like a family genre, you might also like The Incredibles. Have you seen this one?
He also produced Monsters, Inc. As is Brave.
You're welcome.
He is a soccer player and has played for Real Madrid and Fluminense FC.
I don't know much about soccer, I'm not sure about that. Did you know Rohit Sharma is from Brazil?
Yes and Luis Bruin is also on that team
Yes I do. He wrote The Shadows, The King, and The Bourbon Kings. Have you read any of those?
Yes, I recommend To Kill a Mockingbird, written by J. R. Ward. It's in the drama genre.
It's a drama! Kevin Spacey and Annette Bening star in it.
Certainly! Enjoy.
I'm aware that he's an athlete that plays cricket, what do you know?
I don't know anything about cricket, is that right?
It does look like they are playing in other sports. It would be fun to watch.
Yes, She wrote If You Take a Mouse to the Movies, If You Give a Pig a Pancake and many other titles.
Yes, it was released in 1985. That's the same year If You Give a Mouse a Cookie was released. I highly recommend it.
I don't know. I do know that If You Give a Pig a Party was released in 1985.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
No, I do not. Is there any information that you are looking for about him?
No, but Wild Cards was released in English. It's a great book written in English.
Great! Perfect Chemistry was written by Roald Dahl. What other books do you like by her?
Harold Ramis wrote, directed, and starred in the Romantic Comedy Groundhog Day.
Since you like comedies, you may want to check out Happily Ever After. It is also a very good movie.
Since there is a comedy movie with Bill Murray in it, you should check it out
Steve Jobs was written by Walter Isaacson in 2011.
Of course! Other books similar to that one are; The Return of the Native, The Last Templar, and The Human Stain.
He also wrote The Lost Hero, which is a good read as well.
Hello, yes I think she wrote The Night Circus. It is a fantasy
Yes, it was written by Nicholas Sparks and made into a movie starring Miley Cyrus. Do you like books by Sparks?
Yes, he also wrote True Believer and Three Weeks with My Brother.
That book is called True Believer and was released in 2003. Would you like to read it?
It is a Crime Fiction/Thriller.
No problem!
David Levitt is a great cowboys fan. Are you a fan of theirs?
I actually don't know much about the Cowboys. I know they are in the NFC South division.
Yeah, I'd love to have so much talent within one family.
Yes, He's an Indian International Cricketer who was a very well rounded player
Yes, and it's a thriller.
I recommend The Bourne Legacy, which is an excellent crime fiction.
Sure, Go Set A Watchman and Silent In The Grave are similar.
No, Harper Lee
Your welcome.
I'm a big fan of badminton and I loved watching the 2012 Olympics. What about you?
No, I haven't.
Yes, I have heard about Serena, it is a tennis player and a celebrity.
I love him! I especially enjoy his earlier music with Maroon 5
Yes, she is a singer-songwriter and musician.
He has also starred in the movie What Happens in Vegas.
Xander Berkeley, Omari Hardwick and Nicholas Cage starred in Kick Ass.
It is a Thriller.
It was released in 2010.
Nicolas Cage starred in Lord of War. Have you seen it?
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a drama.
He is first in Romeo and Juliet.
You're welcome
No, I haven't heard his music but I know that he is very talented, he is a songwriter too.
Yes, Zakira is very talented. I like him. He is a songwriter and a musician.
That's very cool. I have never heard of him. Is he a good writer as well?
I can recommend a movie Chaos, it is thriller. Have you ever seen it?
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a great one. It is a thriller and drama. Have you seen it?
It is also a thriller and mystery, and it was directed by David Ayer.
Glad I could help!
Gangs of New York starring Tim Pigott-Smith. Tim Pigott-Smith starred in Quantum of Solace.
Yes, I can. This movie has Liam Neeson in it as well. If you like Liam Neeson, you might also enjoy The Big Lebowski.
I don't have much information on Schindler's list but if you like Liam Neeson in that movie, you might also like The Missing.
You're welcome
The Great Gatheringby is written by Scott Westerfeld. It's a speculative fiction novel.
I'm sorry I do not have any information on another book in the same genre.
I would recommend A Year Down Yonder. It is a fiction as well.
If you like fiction, you're welcome.
Sure, it was written by Mark Twain, and is considered children's literature. The Adventures of Tom Sawyer is also a film adaptation.
Sure, he wrote La sombra del viento an el juego del angel. Have you read those books>
Sure! It was released in La sombra del viento in La sombra del viento. It was released in 1958.
That's great! I hope you enjoy it.
Sure! I hope you enjoy.
Of course, she is an author, she wrote The Muppets which is an autobiography.
It was released in 1986
I don't show what she starred in Muppets
The Muppets is a musical comedy that Lady Gaga is from Canada
I have not really followed them much as it seems they float around between the AFL and the NFL.
i don't know much about him, I'm not a big fan of his. One of the best players in the league.
Then I'll have to check that out. Thanks for the information.
Do you like Spirit Bound because it's a paranormal romance, or because it's urban fantasy?
I would recommend The Golden Lily or Succubus Blues which are also Young Adult Fiction.
Fault in Our Stars has a genre of Young-adult fiction. It was released in 2012.
You might enjoy The Hunger Games or The Book Thief.
Yes, it was written by Lois Lowry and the genre is Speculative fiction.
Lois Lowry also wrote; Gathering Blue and Anastasia Krupnik. The Giver is Young-adult fiction as well.
The Giver is a Science Fiction novel. Are you interested in this genre?
Christopher Bigsby wrote The Crucible and All My Sons have you seen those?
He also wrote The Crucible. Have you read that?
Sure! Do you like Wes Anderson movies or or romance films in general?
He wrote Assault on Precinct 13, a drama film.
Some of the stars include Ashton Kutcher and Tim Matheson. It's also a film
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
yes it was written by Quentin Tarantino.
It stars Roger Avary, Samuel L. Jackson, and is a drama, do you enjoy these genres?
He is also on the Mist and the Lawnmower Man. Have you seen those?
Sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Silent Hill has a genre of Horror.
I liked her in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Have you watch that movie?
She was also in the movie A View to a Kill, have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Yes, I love her. Her music is very Influential but she is also a talented actress.
You should try Girls in Love then. She has a good voice.
It's an all around performer who seems to be very popular. I agree with you on that.
Yes, Colleen McCullough wrote The Thorn Birds and The First Man in Rome.
The Thorn Birds was released in Rome in 1956. The starring role belonged to Rachel Ward
The House is a great one. You might also like The First Man in Rome.
Alison Doody starre in A View to Kill and A prayer for the Dying. Have you heard of these?
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade was released in 1997
River Phoenix was also in it. Do you like any other action movies?
you are welcome
Are you looking for other books by J.K. Rowling, or do you just prefer the fantasy genre of the book?
You might enjoy The Fault in Our Stars or The Book of Mormon.
You're welcome
Daphne du Maurier wrote Rebecca and My Cousin Rachel.
Rebecca was released in 1938.
No, there is no information about that.
Yes, I like him in This is 40.
The Muse is a great movie! The Muse is written by Harry Sheater and stars Jennifer Jason Leigh.
I do! They are both hilarious!
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
That was a great movie with Steve Carell in it. Do you like him?
Great. Do you like Steve Carell's movies?
Zach Galifianakis is in the movie. You are welcome.
Sure! Wilson Rawls wrote Sense and Sensibility, a novels. Have you read those?
Susan Meissner wrote a novel called The Polar Express. It is considered a historical novel. Does that interest you?
You are welcome, enjoy!
You are welcome, enjoy!
Are you interested in this genre?
Rosario Dawson was in that film as well. She also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness.
You are welcome.
Well, I'm a Niners fan, sadly, so I'm not really watching the Eagles. What about you?
Tom Brady and Patriots lost to the Patriots recently.
Nope, Gisele was a great player as well.
He had some good movies like Yellow Submarine. Did you know that Paul McCartney acted in this film?
He wrote all of the Magical Mystery Tours.
You might enjoy The Black Dahlia then. It is an action movie.
I have Van Helsing and Get Shorty. Both are comedies.
Any other questions I can help you with?
You're welcome.
Enjoy your movie time!
Pearl Harbor was released in 1973 and was written by James Patterson. It is a Romance film.
I am not sure. There is another movie with Pearl Harbor that you might enjoy.
Yes, I love anything by J.K. Rowling, especially the Harry Potter series. Do you want to know more about it?
There is a sequel called Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
Gremlins was written by J.K. Rowling.
You are welcome. Enjoy the movie!
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
Oh, I forgot about that. I think he's won the NBA All Rookie Team of the Year Award.
It sure does! Steve James is one of my favorite basketball players. I love him.
I haven't seen it yet. Is it a comedy that interests you?
I do, she wrote the Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
It has genre Science and Psychological Thriller.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Denver Broncos are coached by John Fox and Chris Hemsworth. Have you heard of them?
Yes and the Packer is a quarterback.
I like basketball and football. What about you?
Robert Duvall starred a few Americam Film like tha Apostle, God Father. Have you seen this movie?
Yes, it also starred Larry Crowne and Farrah Fawcett. It was also made into a movie.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I'm not a big PGA fan but I know that he is married to Shaun White. Did you know he starred in Friends with Benefits?
He did. He's a great actor. He's also a musician and a model.
He's been in quite a few films. I wonder if he's been in a number of things.
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like sci-fi movies?
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy The Neutronium Alchemist or The Last Hero. Have you heard of these?
The Adjustment Bureau stars Tom Wilkinson and Rob Lowe. It is a great science fiction movie.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
I know he is a quarterback from Texas other than that...
I haven't followed him much either I do know he was born in Houston, Texas.
I haven't seen it either. I hear he's great, isn't he in any other movies?
Yes, I have heard of it. I think it is a paranormal romance, urban fantasy, young adult fiction book. Do you like any of those genres?
It is and Richelle Mead wrote the Vampire Academy series
She also wrote The Golden Lily and Succubus Blues
You're welcome
Do you like Young-adult fiction?
The Hunger Games has the genre Young-adult fiction.
Sure. The Very Hungry Caterpillar is written by the same author, Have you seen it?
I am sorry, I do not have any information on that.
He also wrote a Toy Story 3.
Yes. He also wrote Ant-Man, The Protector and The Negotiator.
He wrote Fierce Light and The Perfect Score.
You're welcome.
Bruce Greenwood starred in The Republic of Love with Gary Farmer. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure who else starred in it, but Jackie Burroughs was in The Republic of Love.
No problem. Enjoy!
Are you referring to the football player for the Green Bay Packers?
I don't have that information either. I do know Aaron Rodgers won the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Mike McCarthy also played for the Green Bay Packers. He was a great player though.
Yes, she wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read either ?
I don't have any more information on any of her books, but I can tell you that Elizabeth Kostova also wrote The Historian.
I don't have that information but I can tell you she was influenced by Truman Capote.
You are most welcome.
The book was written by Nacy Bond and is a Speculative fiction. Are you interested in this genre?
Yes, in fact the same story and it is in the children's literature genre, as well as children's literature.
Yes and it is next in the series called Rabbit at Rest of the Rabbit.
Absolutely, enjoy and have a great day.
I don't really follow sports much, did you know Jay-Z owns the team?
Things Fall Apart are the only two I know of.
That's cool. I'm a fan of the Greek Freaks.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by Steve Kloves. Would you like to read it?
Yes he did. Wonder Boys was a great book.
Yes, Linkin Park is still a book with Tim Blake Nelson.
The Road is a post- apocalyptic fiction book. Is that what you are looking for?
Have you read Xenocide or Wyrd Sisters? They are both Science fiction.
The Road was written by John Scalzi and was released in 2008.
He normally does Tragedy.
I'm not sure but he did write science fiction books as well.
You're welcome!
Do you like Tom Hanks as an actor?
Great! Then you might also like Catch-22 with Bob Newhart.
There is! It is considered a drama and a historical period drama.
You're welcome!
She's a writer, poet, and author. Some of her books include The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants and The Secret Life of Bees.
I haven't seen that one but i have heard of her. She is a great actress. You should check her out!
I do! Parks and Recreation is a great show as well. Do you have a favorite show?
I'm not sure, but it also starred Anne Hathaway.
Yes, that's where you heard of it.
Yeah. I know she plays the forward position in soccer/football but not much else.
Well, I know he's a famous athlete and from the United States of America. But, I don't follow football too closely.
Yeah. She was born in Los Angeles and plays the position of forward in soccer.
I liked her old song Your Love is my Drug, other than that I am not a huge fan of her. Are you?
Yeah, me too. I like her when she had a baby when she was very young, what about you?
Oh, I like Yellow Submarine too. I know that he is a song writer, right?
Yes, Beatrice Sparks wrote Go Ask Alice.
Yes, it was released in 2003. Would you like to know more about it?
It was. It was written by Beatrice Sparks, and was released in 1997.
No problem, enjoy!
He wrote the Martian Chronicles, Something Wicked this way comes, and The illustrated man
Yes, it is speculative fiction. Would you like a recommendation for another book with that genre?
Yes, they are. Ray Bradbury also wrote Witches Abroad and Wintersmith.
Of course! You're welcome.
Enjoy!
Yes Freakonomics and Horrible Bosses a very funny film
Stephen Dillane starred in Freakonomics. Would you like to know more?
He plays on the Real Madrid C.F. a Portugal National Football Team.
Really? I don't know much about soccer but I do know he was married to Irina Shayk.
Yes, she is. Did you know she was born in London?
Total Recall has a genre of thriller and science fiction. Would you like titles related to these genres?
Arnold Schwarzenegger also stared in The Terminator and Predator. Would you like to hear more?
Great question! Arnold Schwarzenegger is playing the main characters in the movie.
The genre is Speculative fiction and fantasy. Are you interested in that genre?
Ella Enchanted has genre Speculative fiction and Drama
Yes, Ella Enchanted has genre Fantasy and Drama
You are welcome
Irwin kershner directed the fabulous film Star Wars Episode V- The Empire strikes back which was on of the most successful of all the films
Robert Pattinson and Reese Witherspoon both star in it.
William Lucking starred in The Return of a Man Called Horse.
Well, he wrote Madame Bovary. Are you interested in Literary realism?
That book was released in 1856, do you like his books I recommend some other ones.
I am not too sure when it was published, but I do know that it's a science fiction piece.
I'm not sure about that but I can tell you that it is a science fiction book.
Yes of course it written by Kurt Wimmer do you like his work?
Yes he was
I have not seen that movie
Heart of Darkness is written by Joseph Conrad and is a Fiction novel.
The only one that I have written is The Portable Atheist. Have you read it?
Yes, it is. I hope you enjoy it.
peter pan
It was released in 1904, the same year as The Shawshank Redemption.
Yes, there are several writers who are known for their roles in the play, The Boy in the Striped Pajamas.
No, I'm not sure. If you're a fan of Micheal Hague, you may want to try A Christmas Carol.
Enjoy your movies!
She wrote The Professor, Shirley and Villette.
It truly is a classic! Would you like to hear more about these classics?
Sure! Enjoy them!
Sure, one that I'm familiar with is David Copperfield. Have you read that one?
Charles Dickens was a great author! He also wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop, have you read those?
You're welcome! You are welcome.
Blood Promise is a young adult fiction book by Richelle Mead. It is part of a series of dark fantasy books.
Yes, it is written by Richelle Mead.
I believe the genre is young adult fiction.
You're welcome! I would also recommend The Golden Lily and Succubus Blues.
He is a swiss professional tennis player. He played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
Not really. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
That's amazing. Will you have a good day!
Blake Griffin is a basketball player from Oklahoma City.
Oh wow, he is a point guard right?
Haha, I am not sure. I don't follow basketball too closely. I think he is very tall.
These books are from the Fantasy genre. Something Wicked This Way Comes has a similar feel
You might like The Chronicles of Narnia series by J.K. Rowling.
you are welcome
Yes, The Help was adapted into a movie starring Tate Taylor and Sharlto Copley.
She was also in The Help, which was a comedy. Do you like that genre?
Viola was also in Hercules which was a very popular film.
He directed The Ninth Gate and The Ghost Writer. Would you like to watch them?
I can't find any information on that, can I help you with anything else?
Yes he did, and he was awesome!
You're welcome!
Pat Conroy is a great author. Did you know he wrote The Water is Wide and The Prince of Tides?
I'm not sure. What genre do you like?
Flannery O'Conner is a writer. She wrote The Water is Wide.
Children's literature
Your welcome.
Yes, she starred in the movie Aliens
Bill Paxton also starred in Zodiac which is a crime fiction film. Do you like action?
Sure, Robert Duvall and James Coburn also starred in Weird Science.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen.
Pride and Prejudice has genre Romance Novel. what else can i answer for you?
You are welcome
Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards, Rules of Attraction
Here are some of her books : Heart of the Matter and Something Borrowed.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He is a movie director. He directed and starred in Robocop. Do you like Crime movies?
He also directed RoboCop 2.
Total Recall is an adventure/action film produced by Steven Spielberg.
You're welcome!
Snow White and the Huntsman was written by John Lee Hancock and stars Sam Claffin.
You are correct. Did you know that Snow White and the Huntsman was written by Ray Winstone?
Yes, that is a fantasy series. Do you like fantasy movies?
Miguel Artela had a big role in that movie. Do you like any of those actors?
I'm not sure, but I do know that Shiri Appleby also starred in Harvest of Fire which is a comedy.
Yes, I would recommend Transformers: Dark of the Moon and Titan A.E. Have you seen them?
Have you seen the other Hobbit movies?
Sure. The Golden Compass was written by Philip Pullman.
You're welcome.
Okay.
Yes, it was directed by Tom Cruise .Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he did. That movie stars Johnny Depp and Michael Mann. Are you a fan of Johnny Depp?
Yes, that is a great suggestion. I think you will enjoy The Proposal. It is a great movie.
No problem!
Total Recall has a genre of thriller and science fiction. Would you like titles related to these genres?
Total Recall starred Arnold Schwarzenegger, Is there anything else I can help you with?
Patrick Swayze was also in the movie.
You are welcome.
Yes, I do. It was owned by Bill Neukom and it's a Major League Baseball team.
Oh. I believe they both drafted Kenny Phillips.
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about yours?
Denzel Washington and James Wilcox star in the Equalizer.
Sure, she was in The Handmaid's Tale, The Giver, and The Handmaid's Tale.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that it was released in 1999.
You're welcome.
Yes! He is a good Table Tennis player. What do you think of him?
Yep, he's from China. I'm not sure if he was from China.
Yes, it is. He starred in it as well. That was a good movie.
He wrote The Man who was Mark Twain: Images and Ideologies
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer is another great book.
Mark Twain is quite similar. He also wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
He's an excellent author. He wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
Enjoy
Yes, Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to read another one of her b
Sense and Sensibility, Sense and Sensibility, Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
Its a romance novel.
The Hunt for Red October was written by Tom Clancy and has genre Historical period drama. Would you like to know more about this book?
The genre is Patriot Games, it was released in 2008.
You're welcome!
Ben Stiller starred in Zookeeper and The Wonder Boys. Would you like to know more about it?
Yeah, he was hilarious in Zoolander. Do you like comedy movies?
Yes, he did. There are many good actors in that movie. Two of my favorite are Ben Stiller's movies.
Very glad I could help. Enjoy!
That was a great song. She's friends with Madonna and I like both the Girls and the Train. What are your favorites?
I didn't know that! What is your favorite song by her?
That is true. I have seen him in a lot of movies. Have you seen any of them?
The Terminal is a drama. A similar movie is The Ring Two.
It is a romantic comedy, released in 2012. Do you like romance books?
Yes, The Terminal is considered a comedy-drama and a sci-fi movie. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome, enjoy!
sure, he starred in Tom Horn, The War Lover and the Reivers, what genre of films you prefer more his drama or action?
It came out in 2002. Would you like to know who else was in it?
Great you do! It was directed by Rick Riordan. He also starred in The Last Battle if you like action films.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Heart of Darkness was written by Joseph Conrad and has genres Novella and Fiction. Do you like these genres?
Mary Doria Russell
The Very Hungry Caterpillar is a picture book.
Are you interested in the genre of parody or movies that John Cleese is in?
It was written in 1900.
F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote the Wizard of Oz. He also wrote The Marvelous Land of Oz.
Yes it was. Tales of Oz is another wonderful adventure film.
Ok, let me know if you need anything else!
Not really, I know he plays for the Argentina national football team. I don't follow international soccer too much.
Oh, it looks like he plays the forward position. I really liked him when he had a role on the Barcelona 2.
I agree. Louis van Gaal is such a great coach. I wonder if he and Jet Li are friends?
Yes, Tom Hanks is the lead actor. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Sure. Would you like to know about any of the movies he has directed?
Sure. Anything else I can help with?
He directed The Perks of Being a Wallflower. Do you like the Romance genre?
Emma Watson was in it.
Yes she was. She was also in The Fault in Our Stars.
I'm not sure if he did. He also directed The Perks of Being a Wallflower.
You're welcome.
Yes I do. It is written by Anne Rice, it stars Brad Pitt and Tom Cruise
Tom Cruise also starred in Vanilla Sky and the Last Samurai.
Andres Iniesta is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a forward for Spanish club Barcelona and the Brazil national team.
Is that the team owned by Magic Johnson and Frank McCourt?
Yes they are a Goof team.
That's right. The San Francisco Giants were runner ups in the 2010 World Series.
Yes it does. They are both fun to watch.
Oh, I adored that movie. It starred Meryl Streep, Emily Blunt and Anne Hathaway. Do you want a recommendation based off genre?
Then you might enjoy Aline Bronna. She also wrote V for Vendetta. Have you seen it?
Enjoy.
Sure, he starred in Treasure Planet, The Three Lives of Thomasina and The Phantom. Are you looking for any particular genre?
Yes, that is correct. Martin Short starred in Treasure Planet. He was also in Catwoman, have you seen that one?
Sure, The Legend of Zorro stars Tony Cox and Rosa Salazar, to name a few.
William Friedkin directed The Hunted. Do you know that one?
It is a psychological thriller. Are you interested in those?
Same here! I really like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
You're welcome!
I do! She's a wonderful writer. She wrote The Good Earth which is also a film.
It is a romance. Do you like romance movies?
No, that movie is in Black-White.
No problem, enjoy!
I know that Kevin McHale is one of their major players though
I like most sports actually. I'm more of a baseball fan to be honest.
I love all sports, do you like to watch tennis?
He directed Little Miss Sunshine.
He also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
Taylor Swift starred in that movie. He is a very good director.
Alan Arkin has been in many great films, including The Robots of Dawn and The Ground Beneath Her Feet.
Yes she is and her sister Serena Williams is also a tennis player.
She is currently number 66.
You are welcome, I hope you have a good day.
He was a Journalist and wrote a Biography. Do you like Biography books?
Sure! Ralph Steadman was the author of The Five Love Languages series. Have you read them?
He also wrote Sherlock Holmes and the Case of the Silk Stocking.
You're very welcome.
Did you like the book because it was Speculative fiction?
She also wrote Fairest and The Two Princesses of Bamarre
Yes it is a fantasy novel
Well it's a Tale of Two Princesses of Bamarre was released in 2001, the same year as The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
I'm not a fan. I like winners... like the Patriots
I don't know that they are in the NFC south. I do know their coach is John Fox
I think he will be a free agent now.
He is a football player. He is in the Argentina national football team
He plays for the Argentina national football team.
I'm not a big Manchester City Fan. I don't know they're a good team.
Certainly! What kind of books do you like? Jeff Kinney, the author of Diary of a Wimpy Kid:Greg Heffley's Journal, also wrote The Long Haul.
I believe it is a romantic comedy. If you like that genre, you should read it.
Enjoy!
Apocalypto is a war film written and directed by Francis Ford Coppola. Are you a fan of the genres?
I don't have any information on what else he directed, but he wrote The Passion of the Christ.
Sure! The Passion of the Christ is starring Hristo Shopov as well as Maia Morgenstern.
Sure, no problem!
Divergent is from the Utopian and Dystopian fiction genre. Would you be interested in other films in that genre?
I could recommend other books by her, Insurgent.
You are welcome.
Yes, that was released in 2011.
Zack O'Malley Greenburg wrote PS, I Love You. He is a great author.
Yea, she wrote quite a few. She also wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants.
It is a fiction.
Do you like J.K. Rowling's work?
Cool! The Golden Compass is written by Steve Kloves, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Philip Pullman wrote the movie and Philip Pullman wrote the movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Renny starred in Cuttroat Island which happens to be a family film
Yes, you are correct. He also wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight.
It also stars Tom Amandes and Zima Hayek.
You are welcome.
Not really, I like her song Chandelier and Titanium with David Guetta.
I like Hayao Miyazakio and Kristen Stewart. Do you have a favorite singer?
Did you know he was in Men in Black 3?
It was written by Jojo Moyes. Do you like the author Jojo Moyes?
Me Before You was written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Invisible Man and The Time Machine.
I do not know who starred in that movie. But I do know it was written by Francis Ford Coppola.
I do! She's a Danish tennis player and was a former world No 1 in singles. She's a fantastic player
I agree. Did you know she's dating Serena?
Yes!
I think Mike Woodson is a good coach. Do you like them?
Oh, yea he is a good player. Anything else I can help you with?
I did not know he was in that movie too!
Yes, he is a great football player form Wales.
I watch it sometimes. I like American Football. What about you?
It is a great movie. You should also watch Men in Black 3, it is a very good movie.
He wrote The Water is Wide
The Water is Wide has genre Historical fiction
He also wrote The Water is Wide
Sorry I am not sure
The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Ok, Fear Nothing was written by Rick Riordan. It was released in 2008.
It's a Science Fiction book. Do you like that kind of book?
Sure, you're welcome.
Oh yes! That's a good one. It is written by Stuart M. Kaminsky. What else can I tell you about it?
Sure! It was produced by Stuart M. Kaminsky. It's also a great Sci-Fi movie.
Of course! It was released in 1966 and is in the English language. Is that what you are looking for?
It is a crime movie written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
To Kill a Mockingbird, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Manchurian Candidate are some big dramas in this genre.
The Manchurian Candidate was written by Robert Mulligan, and stars Nicole Kidman.
The Manchurian Candidate was written by Richard Condon. It's a thriller.
That is a Zombie Film starring Leonardo DiCaprio. Are you a fan?
Yes he is a composer/DJ. Some of his work is Where Have You Been and Yeah x3. Do you know him
Yes, he is a DJ right?
Andy Murray is a really good player, but I think his performance has beenveraging 3.8 shots per game.
I like tennis and baseball. What is your favorite sport?
Woody Harrelson, I think he's a great tennis player.
Do you like docudramas? She is known for those.
The genre is Non-fiction
You are welcome
You seem to like Rob Riggle, he starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys.
I don't know what songs she sing, but I do like The Weeknd. Do you like The Weeknd?
Yes, you're right. Do you like Sylvester Stallone? He's also from the UK.
I haven't heard of Shakira, but I do like Sia. She's a great singer. I like Sia's song Love Me. Do you have a favorite song of hers?
I haven't heard of Lyra , but I'll check it out. Thanks for the info!
Yes, Virat Kohli is an Indian international cricketer who currently captains the India national team.
Did you know he is from India?
Yes, she was in that movie!
Absolutely! Bob Peck starred on Jurassic Park, Surviving Picasso and Lord of the Flies, which is also a novel. Is there a particular genre you are interested in?
Yes! Bill Paxton also starred in Tower Heist which was a great film.
Yeah, that movie is great. Kevin Costner and Kevin Costner are also in it as well! Do you like him?
1989 was the year that released You Are Special: A Story for Everyone!
Of it's genres, do you prefer Fantasy or Adventure?
Certainly, I recommend The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey. It's a book by James Patterson, based on his books.
It's a fantasy film. Do you like those types of movies? If so, I would recommend The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey.
Yes! Kevin Zegers also starred in Zoom. It's a science fiction film.
No problem!
Yes, great choice, it was also written by Sophie Kinsella and was released in 2003. Would you like to know more?
She also wrote Wedding Night and The Undomestic Goddess.
Yes, she does. She also writes dramas as well.
Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome!
I know he plays cricket, but I haven't ever really watched it before.
I am not a fan of cricket, but I have heard of him from the news.
I'm more of a baseball fan myself. What about you?
Sure, did you like Sharp Objects because it was written by Gillian Flynn, or because it was the genre Suspense/Mystery?
I don't know any other titles by her, but I do know that she has also written Dark Places.
It is, it was released in 2015.
Sure. Dominic Copper starred in Warcraft and The History Boys.
Yes, it's a musical. The first of the movie is a musical came out in 1999.
Michael Stahl-David starred in Warcraft. Did you know that?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Anne-Marie is a singer. Is that who you mean?
I think The Chicago Cubs are an American professional baseball team based in Chicago, Illinois
Yes, I love the Giants! It's my favorite team has to be the Redskins.
I haven't but I've heard it's great. I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the conversation.
That's great. I'm a Packers fan as well!
It came out in 2013, but I don't know that!
Yes, Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Small Steps. They are both childrens literature. Do you enjoy reading that genre?
She also wrote Wayside School is Falling Down which is another popular one.
It falls under children's literature, do you like children's literature?
I don't really follow golf, but I know Phil won the 2005 PGA as well.
He is a great golfer. Did you know he won the 2005 PGA Championship?
I agree! He is a great actor. She also starred in Tin Cup.
Great! I think you'll enjoy the movies if you haven't seen either.
The Time Machine, The Invisible Man and The War of the Worlds are some of his notable works.
I'm not sure when it was released, but The Time Machine was released in 1895 and The War of the Worlds was also released that year.
Yes I love Caddyshack. Did you know it was also made into a movie?
You are welcome I hope you enjoy!
William Hurt and Ty Burrell are both in it. Do you like science fiction movies?
He is a pretty good shooting guard, plus he won the NBA sixth Man of the Year Award.
Yes, that is right, he is quite good.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I am not a fan of the Yankees. They are in the American League which is the same as the Baltimore Orioles which is my favorite team!
The Yankees play in the American League East and have not played in the World Series since 2003. Are you a baseball fan?
Of course, the Yankees play in the American League East and have not played in the World Series since 2003.
The one released in 1960
i know that Kevin Spacey starred in both and Robert Bloch also starred in Jumanji.
I believe he did not. have you heard of him?
They are one of the best football teams, did you know their coach is Ryan Giggs?
Yes, he is. They're owned by Greg Schiano and Greg Schiano.
Yes they both are. Did you know Lovie Smith used to be a football player?
Sure. The Rocky was written by Sylvester Stallone. Other movies like it include The Fighter, Raging Bull.
He starred in The House of Mirth, Lolita, and Catch-22. Have you seen any of these?
Creed is a romance film, directed by Joel Coen, starring Mark Wahlberg.
Your welcome, enjoy!
Michael Crichton is not only an author but a film producer and director as well. He wrote the book Disclosure. Does this interest you?
The Great Train Robbery is a Drama and Thriller, It was released in 2012.
You're very welcome!
I don't know. I'm sorry. He's a great actor. Did you know he stars in The Good Doctor?
Nicole Kidman and Patton Oswalt are in it
He also starred in the thriller The Young Sherlock Holmes
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen and the genre is Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
From what I can tell, it's a romance novel.
Falling Down is a good one by Jane Austen. You like it?
The Time Machine was written by H.G. Wells, who also wrote Pride and Prejudice.
He directed Safety Not Guaranteed
It is considered a thriller and a romance. Do you like those types of movies?
Cloverfield is not a thriller, but you may like Catch-22 which is an action thriller as well.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I liked him in Things Behind The Sun. Did you see that?
I'm not sure about that. I think Kensit also starred in Repo Chick and Pulp Fiction.
Yes, it is. It's a drama and a biography.
That was a great one! I think you'd enjoy it.
I liked them better when Jason Witten was playing, but they're still a pretty good team. Are you a fan of the Cowboys?
I saw them win the Superbowl. Did you know Rowdy was the runner up in Super Bowl?
He played at Wilt Chamberlain and Josh Boo, just to name a few.
He directed Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. Great movie!
He also directed Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. It starred Harrison Ford and Anthony Daniels.
I'm sorry, I don't have any more information on that one.
Gillian Flynn. She's from the United States.
He also wrote Sharp Objects and Dark Places. I couldn't find any other books by him.
Yes, Gillian Flynn also wrote Dark Places. He also wrote Dark Places.
Yes, I do agree.
I enjoy it. I would recommend Xenocide and World Without End.
Great. Have a good day!
Ravichandran Ashwin is a star athlete, he plays cricket. Do you like cricket?
I don't know much about him, are he an athlete that plays cricket?
I haven't heard much about cricket but if I'm honest.
I have not, but I would love to. I like to learn about it. I'm more of an American Football fan.
I'm actually more of a baseball fan. Do you like any other sports?
You too!
I do know that Kevin McHale is one of their major players though
It is a drama. Looper is also a film.
Yes, Warlock is a great film. If you like Warlock you might also like The Purge. Have you seen that one?
Yes it is. It's a zombie movie. If you like zombie movies, you should check out Zombieland.
Great. Anything else I can help you with?
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like his work?
He has written many great thrillers. A few you might enjoy are Tender is the Night, The Beautiful Damned, and The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
Erich Maria Remarque wrote Im Westen nichts Neues, and Drei Kameraden
I'm not sure when they came out, but yes! Im Westen nichts Neues is written by Erich Maria Remarque.
Yes, it does have a English version.
You are welcome. Glad I could help.
I know she is great at tennis and is dating golfer, Rory McIlroy
She plays tennis, right? I'm not a big fan of tennis.
Yes, Williams sisters play tennis in high school. Both Venus and her sister are very talented.
Yes I did like it. I like tennis better than most sports.
Isn't she married to Erica Stoll?
Is that written by Tennessee Williams, and part of the Southern Gothic genre?
Tennessee Williams also wrote Cat on a Hot Tin Roof.
Yes, he wrote Cat on a Hot Tin Roof too
you are welcome
Sure! Do you like books by Tana French? She also wrote The Likeness.
In the Woods is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You are welcome. Enjoy!
He is an author who wrote Thirteen Moons and The Last Summer of the World. Have you heard of either of those?
He has been in a number of films including The Shawshank Redemption, Thirteen Moons, and The Usual Suspects.
It appears that David Ayer is the lead actor, but the main character is Django Unchained
Sure, Pale Fire and The Prestige are two good ones
No problem
I do! The Minnesota Vikings are coached by Mike Zimmer and a part of the National Football League.
The Vikings are second in the NFC North along with the New England Patriots.
I like the New England Patriots, but I'm a Chiefs fan. How about you?
Andrew Garfield starred in The Social Network and The Amazing Spider Man. Have you seen either of those?
The Social Network starred Aaron Sorkin and Rashida Jones
The Social Network is a biographical drama.
It was released in 2010 and starred Drew Barrymore, Gisele Bundchen, and Jeff Bridges.
It's considered a drama and a biography.
Steve Buscemi wrote 2010 and stars in the movie 2010.
You're welcome!
Of course, Ang Lee starred in Hollywood Chinese have you seen that yet?
I did not know that. She also starred in The Crazies which is a romantic comedy.
He also wrote The Ice Storm and another movie called The Fault in Our Stars.
It is a young-adult fiction book written by Christopher Paolini, have you read it?
My data has it listed as a Young-adult fiction.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes The Girl of Fire and Thorns by Rae Carson. What else can I do for you?
It was released in 2016. Do you like thrillers?
Wonderful. Enjoy!
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion.
Yeah, it's been made into a movie so far. I don't see any information showing that it's similar to Persuasion. Does that interest you?
Yeah, I have. Would you like to read it?
I believe she plays professional badminton. I remember when I heard that people played badminton professionally, I couldn't believe it. I used to play all the time as a kid.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
I'm not sure but I do know that the number 1 team is the most popular players in the world.
Malcolm Gladwell also wrote What the dog saw and other Adventures.
He directed Seven Psychopaths? Do you like dark comedies?
Yes, he is a scientist and from the United States.
Yes, he wrote The River Wild. Have you heard of that?
Robin Williams starred in Mrs. Doubtfire along side Matthew Lawrence. Have you seen it?
Have you seen We Bought a Zoo? It's one of my favorites and I highly recommend it.
It stars Cameron Diaz, Jamie Foxx, and Cameron Diaz.
Will do happy to help out!
Not the Simpson but it's a animated film. Have you seen it?
It's similar to Epic Epic Poets.
Yes, they are both great poems.
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know they're coached by Pete Carroll. Do you like them?
Wow, that's interesting. I watched Super Bowl XLVIII.
No, they haven't. They're still playing.
It's a great movie. I stars Sandra Bullock and Ryan Reynolds.
Mary Steenburgen (who's been around for a long time) and Craig T. Nelson also star in it. If you like Romantic Comedies, you should check it out.
Sure, Oceans 8 a spin off of Oceans 8 starring Matt Damon is Treasure Planet.
The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October are great books by him.
It is not the old book but it was released in 1866.
Yes it is! It was also written by Tom Clancy.
They are owned by The Madison Square Garden Company. Are you a fan of theirs?
The team is owned by Steve Tisch and John Mara.
They are a part of the NFC South.
You're welcome
It was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Ralph Fiennes and Colin Farrell.
I would recommend Minority Report, if you liked him in that movie.
I bet you would enjoy these movies. They are both psychological thrillers that I would recommend.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I really don't like them. It's my least favorite team in the AFC West, and I hate their mascot Miles.
John Fox, Josh Boone, Antoine Wright and Brook Lopez to name a few. Do you know any of their players?
Sure, it has Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, and Michelle Rodriguez in it. Do you like them?
No, I believe that's the one. Have you seen it?
I love Matt Irby. He was also in Undercover Brother. Have you seen that one?
I will.
Have you seen the whole series? Do you like Sci-Fi?
I think it's based on the book.
Okay, a couple good ones are The Giver or The Giver.
No problem!
Sure, He's an athlete, a professional golfer from Dallas, Texas.
I didn't know he was a person from Dallas. Is he a sports team?
Yes, that's the same thing. I usually dont follow soccer at all.
Yes, she wrote I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings which is a very popular book. Have you read it?
Yea, I believe she's also a teacher.
Sure, it was first published in 1851. It's been a long time since I read it.
Of course, I hope you enjoy them!
I think he wrote она и мир.
James Franco is a wonderful actor. His most well-known role is probably from Spiderman with Toby McGuire. Have you seen that version?
Yes, This is the End is a comedy starring Rosemary Wells and James Franco.
It is a comedy. Do you like comedy movies?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
You're welcome!
He plays for the Chile national football team. Do you like soccer?
Oh nice, what's your favorite team?
Yeah that was great, I'm a big fan of that movie. Do you?
Oh I'm really not into Doctor Zhivago too. He's a great actor. I liked him in The Last Battle
Sure, it was written by Rick Riordan, it is a young-adult fiction book.
Yes he did and it's a great speculative fiction book
It is a young adult novel written by Rick Riordan as well as The Lightning Thief
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society
there is no much information about that
Mary Ann Shaffer also wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society. It was released in 2008.
I do! He starred in Imagine That. Have you seen it?
Ray Bradbury wrote many books. What kind od genre are you interested in? Speculative fiction, Short Stories
I see that The Martian Chronicles is one of his most popular romance novels
It was released in 1953
Sure, hope you enjoy it
He plays for FC Barcelona, right? Other than that, I do not know much.
No, I haven't. Do you have any idea of him?
Adam Sandler is in that movie. How are you into golf?
Definitely. Grown Ups is really funny. Especially with Steve Carell in it.
Yes, she was in Frida. She is actually a very talented actress.
Joe Morton wrote What Lies Beneath and Thoughtcrimes. Would you like to know more?
Beneath was directed and also starred in Shark Night, have you seen that one?
Great. Total Recall is also a fantasy movie. I think you will enjoy it.
Enjoy your movie
Yes, Saina Nehwal is a famous badminton player from India. Are you a fan of this sport?
Yes, he was in the 2012 Olympics.
He is correct he is in the 2012 Olympics.
Thor is starring Natalie Portman. Natalie Portman has starred in this movie. What type of movies do you like?
Thor was a great film starring Robert Downey Jr., Jake Gyllenhaal, Scarlett Johansson, Chris Hemsworth
He starred in some great movies like The Incredible Hulk, Thor and The Avengers: Age of Ultron.
The Assassin's Blade is a good one if you have seen it.
He is a writer and poet. He wrote The Butterfly Effect.
The Butterfly Effect is a psychological thriller that you might like.
I don't have that information right now. Is there anything else that you would like to know?
William Scott wrote, directed and produced The Final Destination.
October Sky is a Crime Fiction Film directed by Eric Brees. It is about a mentally challenged gentleman who gets plugged into a virtual reality world and becomes a super genius, psycho.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
She's great. I haven't seen her in a movie called Crossroads.
Emir Kusturica also starred in Pauly Shore is Dead. It's a great movie.
He recently starred in the movie Pauly Shore is Dead
300 is directed by him.
I don't have that information, but Pencil 300 was released in 2013 and is a fantasy.
Gerard Butler starred in this film. If you like his acting, you might like Shutter Island.
Gerard Butler starred in this movie.
Yes, it is a good movie. It was directed by Quentin Tarantino
Vivica A. Fox and David Carradine starred in it.
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion, which was released 1817
Indeed! If you like Jane Austen, you should check out her works. She also wrote Mansfield Park.
Yes, he did. It's a great film.
Sure, it is written by Cassandra Clare and a young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction books?
The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass. Great series!
I'm not sure but it was written by Stephen King
Tom Cruise starred in Mission impossible Rogue Nation so if you like him he also starred in Valkyrie.
Yes thats a great movie. Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder also.
You might enjoy The Last Samurai starring Tom Cruise.
You are welcome
I think they are a good football team. I haven't watched much basketball since they were the runner-up team for the Super Bowl.
Not really, I know Brett Favre is a great player. What is your favorite team?
Yeah, I'm a Niners fan for sure. My favorite team is the Redskins. I haven't been to a long time since I watch them from time to time.
The book was written by Jodi Picoult, who also wrote The Plain Truth.
There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts
No, I don't have any information on that one.
I don't watch much soccer but I do enjoy watching the Dortmund match. Do you know who is he?
I have heard of Marco Reus and he is also a musician. I enjoy football.
I agree, it is a lot of fun to watch.
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing. It was good.
The Sweet Far Thing is speculative fiction and The Diviners is fantasy. Do you like those genres?
I'm sorry I don't have anything else in the fantasy genre but I do have Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Yes Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
Yes, Milan Kundera is from Poland. He was born in Warsaw.
No problem. Anything else I can help with?
I know he is a quarterback from Texas other than that...
I don't know either, I do know that Drew Brees is a member of the NFC South.
You're welcome.
Yes, Michelle Wie is an athlete.
Yes, Michelle Wie is also a female golfer.
Wow, I did not know that. Thanks for the info.
Yes, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like action movies?
I don't have any information on that one. But he was a good actor. Have you seen any of his movies?
Sure, it was released in 1999.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Isn't he married to Cameron Diaz who starred in Shrek 2?
Wow, I didn't know that! I think he's now an artist, a model, and a celebrity.
I think so. I'm not sure. Do you have a favorite song of him?
Do you like animated Disney films?
The Golden Compass starring Ian McKellen is a Fantasy movie.
A Bug's Life is a good one. The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou is also a Disney movie.
Sure, she wrote The Ship of Brides and also The One Plus One. Have you read either one?
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
It is part of the series The Oz Books, would you be interested in others in the series?
I have not, but would you like to know more about The Wonderful Wizard of Oz?
I will do that. You are welcome.
I agree with you. He's a great tennis player.
I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer. What about you?
Yes, that's right. I think Marat Safin is a good tennis player.
You're welcome!
Sure! He wrote some of the most popular books titled : The Return of Sherlock Holmes, The Lost World, and The Valley of Fear.
Great question! The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was released in 1892. It's a mystery genre.
Yellow Wallpaper was written by Arthur Conan Doyle. Would you like to know more about the novel?
He wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke. Do you like his work?
Have you read The Golden Compass or Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban?
Happy to help!
Yes, it was written by Veronica Roth. Are you a fan of her work?
The Insurgent is written by her as well. It was released in 2012.
Yes it was released in 2012. For sure you will like it too!
You are welcome. Anything else I can help with?
I have heard of him he composed Jar of Hearts didn't he?
I like all of her music. She wrote A Thousand Years and Lovestrong
I dont think she has a band. I do know she plays in movie A Thousand Years.
Thor a lot was written by Chris Hemsworth and stars Chris Hemsworth. Do you like Thor?
Sure. The Door Into Summer and The Way of Zen are two of his popular movies.
No problem!
Yes, he wrote Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts.
The Gathering Storm is another book he wrote. Have you read it?
Where There's Smoke has genre Thriller.
Yes, he is a soccer player and has played for Real Madrid and Fluminense FC.
Yes I do. Who is your favorite player?
I like the New England Patriots. What about you?
I do not like Cleveland, but i know some of the players.
I love his music. My favorite team is the Redskins. How about you?
I don't know too much about the Browns, but I know he won the Super Bowl at the AFC North championship last year.
He directed Dead Poets Society with Robin Williams and also Witness with Harrison Ford. Do you like thrillers?
Yes he did and Peter Weir also directed Witness. It is a drama/crime/drama.
I know she starred in Spring Breakers and Ramona and Beezus
I like the song Love Song too. Have you heard of it?
Of course! Lois Lowry is a good one and its a drama.
Yes, Lois Lowry also wrote; Gathering Blue, Anastasia Krupnik and The Giver. The Giver is Young-adult fiction as well.
Yes it is. It was written by Orson Scott Card and is a Science Fiction novel.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome
Yes. Rosemary Wells wrote Charlotte's Web, the Children's Literature. She's a screenwriter as well.
It was! Rosemary Wells also wrote a book called Charlotte's Web.
You are welcome!
Sure, Bradly Cooper starred in The Words, a thriller. He also starred in Warcraft. Do you like thrillers?
He also starred in What's Up Doc.
Sure. Submarine is written by Michael McKean, and is a drama.
He is an excellent actor. He was in Star Wars!
Your welcome!
Sure. This book is written by Douglas Adams and he wrote Life, the Universe and Everything too.
I highly recommend The Restaurant at the End of the Universe and The Restaurant at the End of the Universe.
Of course! The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Universe is a Science Fiction novel released in 1968. It was directed by Adams.
Sorry, I don't have that information. Would you like to hear more about The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul?
Absolutely! I hope you enjoy them!
I like contemporary R & B but I like Beyonce more.
I like Nsync, he also is a great rapper. Do you like him?
I like them too. I'm more of a Pittsburgh Steelers fan.
I think they are a pretty good team. Do you like Football?
Yes, he was. He was a linebacker in the 90's.
I'm a fan of sports. I like the Bears. What about you?
Well, James Frain who is in it is also in Transit (Crime Fiction Film).
Other science fiction movies are; Wolverine and the X-Men. What genre are you interested in?
You are welcome.
L.A. Confidential is a thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like thrillers?
The Silence of the Lambs is also a Mystery. It is a thriller like L.A. Confidential.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, it is a good movie starring Tom Hanks.
Sure, it is a comedy too. Meet the Parents is a comedy by James Patterson, I think you'll like it.
Yes, that is a great movie with Denzel Washington. It is about a girl who moves to a small town and falls in love with a widower.
No problem, enjoy!
Sure! He directed Unlawful Entry which is a really good movie.
Yes that's correct. He also starred in Avalon High which is a Fantasy film. Do you like those genres?
You might also like Shooting the Past. Have you seen that one?
The Pianist is a drama. Would you like to watch it?
You are welcome
Oh yes she is an amazing athlete. I do like her but don't follow her. How about you?
No, I had no idea. What genre is that?
American Gangster also starred Ryan Gosling. It was a great movie.
I'm not sure where Serena is residing. What is her husband name again? I know they have a daughter
He directed the movie The Illusionist. Were you aware that it's a thriller?
It's a psychological thriller.
You might like Wuthering Heights, which is also a suspense film.
You're welcome.
Sure! Do you like Young-adult fiction books?
Have you read the next book in the series?
It was written by C.S. Lewis. It was released in 2002. I think it's a great read.
Sure! Enjoy!
Sure, another book like Silence would be Broken Silence.
It was released in 2004.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! Did you like Pandemonium because it was written by Lauren Oliver or because it is a speculative fiction genre?
You might like Zoe's Tale. It is also in the speculative genre.
It was written by Robert Zemeckis. Would you like to read it?
You're welcome. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, I love her music! Did you know she starred in Who's That Girl?
Yes it was Vanilla Ice. It's a good movie. Madonna was also involved with Sean Penn.
You are correct. They were both in that relationship with Madonna.
Yeah, you should check it out. It's very funny.
I will have to check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
Sure, it starred Matt Damon and Josh Brolin. Are you a fan of them?
I don't know, but I do know that it was produced by John Malkovich.
You're welcome!
It is written by Henning Koch and released in 2012.
Yes it is in English.
Britt-Marie var här written by them and released in 2014.
Of course, James Patterson wrote Zoo and You've Been Warned as well as many others. Would you like to know more about those?
OK, he wrote Assault on Precinct 13, also written by him.
It's a romance novel by Agatha Christie.
Do you like Forrest Gump because it stars Tom Hanks?
He's been in a lot of movies. He was in The Post and The Circle. Have you seen those?
It's directed by Tom Hanks. He also directed Larry Crowne. Did you know he also wrote it?
You're welcome!
Sure! Darren Aronofsky directed, wrote and starred in the hit movie Requiem for a Dream. Have you seen this movie yet?
It is a drama directed by Evan Rachel Wood and Evan Rachel Wood was released in 2003.
Mickey Rourke starred in Requiem of a Dreams and the Wrestler.
Yes, he directed Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that? It stars Robert Duvall.
Sure, some of the stars in that movie are George Clooney, The Godfather, and The Godfather Part II.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that information.
Sure it was released in 2005 starring Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie Pitt. It is a Romantic Comedy do you like this genre?
It is a thriller starring Matt Damon.
Unfortunately, I don't have any other recommendations at this time but I do know that it is a thriller.
You're welcome.
Yes I do. She's written The Pillars of the Earth which is a thriller and drama. Do either of those genres interest you?
Vanessa Redmayne, Matthew McConaughey, and Mark Ruffalo are some big stars in this film.
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I have not really followed them much as it seems they float around between the AFL and the NFL.
They are ok. I saw them play today. What's your favorite team?
Belich, isn't he with the Patriots? He was a great quarterback though.
Yes, Charlize Theron and Tom Hardy star in it. Do you like them?
Yes, she did. Have you seen The Brave One? It's a great movie.
Yes, she is also a musician, actor and television personality.
I'm not sure who Nicky Katt is in it, but it is a Justice league movie as well.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
E Lockhart wrote The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks, and the Boyfriend List. Have you read any of those?
It was released in 2014
Other books by E. Lockhart include the Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks
You're welcome
Do you like it because it is a drama or a crime fiction?
Sure. The book was written by Sarah Dessen and is young adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it does. It's a film, similar to Van Cauwelaert.
Yes it was. It was released in 2002. He also directed The Return of the Native, which is a great movie.
I'll add it right now.
Yes, he is a great football player form Wales.
He is a Midfielder.
No, I did not. It's a Wales national football team.
She is a musician, lyracist, and composer. I am not familiar with her work though.
I haven't heard much of her music but I'm more of a fan of Music.
I am sorry, I do not know much about her as well. I know she is on the New York Times Best Seller list.
Yes, it was written by Stephen King. Are you a fan of him?
I have not, but if you like The Silence of the Lambs, I think you should watch it!
I do, especially The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys. Have you seen that one?
Emily Griffin is an American professional basketball player for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association. Are you interested in basketball?
It was released in 2012 and written in English.
Yes, it is a movie. Emily Griffin was also in it, and it was released in 1996.
You're welcome.
Kazuo Ishiguro wrote "Never Let Me Go".
I'm sorry, I unfortunately don't have that information.
I am not sure about that, but I can tell you it is a Science Fiction book.
Your welcome
I know he played on the Poland national football team
He plays the Midfielder
He was born in Warsaw.
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren. what else can i do for you today?
I'm sorry I don't have much information on that. But I do know that Kiera Cass wrote a book called The Queen.
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
You are welcome, enjoy!
Of course! X-men is an action film, and a sci-fi flick, but I get the feeling you'd like it!
I agree, action movies are very good. If I had to choose, I would recommend The Running Man or The Dead Zone. I believe those are both great.
Tony Jay, Laurence Fishburne, Steve Buscemi and Hugh Jackman to name a few. Is there anything else I can help with?
I think so. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, Gone Girl is a mystery, crime, thriller. Do you like those types of books?
Good to know! It was released in 2006 and is a science fiction novel. Have you read it?
You're welcome!
Have you watched Zathura: A Space Adventure, A Dog of Flanders ? They are adventure movies.
It was written by Orson Wells. It's a novel as well.
It is a Fiction, similar to Zoe's Tale.
It's a historical novel. It was written by Tipping Point.
Malcolm Gladwell also wrote What the dog Saw and Other Adventures.
Yes, he does. Are you a fan of his?
You're welcome.
Sure! Doug Liman directed both Fair Game and Swingers. He also produced Fair Game as well as The Bourne Identity.
Fair Game is a drama.
White House Down is a great action film.
Jamie Lee Curtis and Dwayne Johnson
He directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, and Amadeus. Would you like to see something he was in?
He also wrote Amadeus, which is a historical fiction.
Yes, Adding now. Enjoy the movie!
C. S. Lewis wrote it and released it in 1953. He also wrote The Chronicles of Narnia - the Lion, the Witch, and The Wardrobe. I think you'd like it too.
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is a fantasy book, released in 1950. It is the next in the series, The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.
The Silver Chair was released in 1953. It is part of the series, The Chronicles of Narnia series.
You're welcome!
He is an athlete who plays cricket for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
I am not a big fan of cricket. I only know a bit about it. I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
No I haven't. Is he a good player?
I love him! I especially enjoy his earlier music with Maroon 5
I don't think so, he has starred in any movies. He did write the song This Love.
Yes, he has starred in the movie There's Something About Mary, another one called Beloved, to name a few
It was written by James Frey. Do you enjoy speculative fiction?
Sure, he's also written One More Light and The Giver. Are you familiar with those?
You are welcome. It's a great book.
You're welcome.
Michael Crichton is not only an author but a film producer and director as well. He wrote the book Disclosure. Does this interest you?
he has written The Making of the Atomic Bomb, have you read that?
it is a thriller
you're welcome!
I do not know much about him other than he plays German football.
I like American Football, but I'm more into American Football. What about you?
Then I also like football. What is your favorite team?
Sure! Ken Kesey wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest & he starred in Go Further.
Yes he is! He wrote "The Looking Glass Wars" and "The Honeymooners."
I don't have any more information on Sometimes a Great Notion. I do know that he is also a writer and a politician.
Sure! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, Paulo Coelho is a very well known writer. He wrote The Alchemist and The Pilgrimage. Would you like to know more about those?
He wrote The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson.
It's a fiction.
You're welcome.
Yes, G.O. Tom Brady is a professional footballer who plays as a forward for the New England Patriots.
Matt Damon and Dane Cook. Are you a fan of them?
Eva Mendes was also in the comedy Fog City Mavericks
Yes it is a great movie. It starred Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Cruise. Do you like war movies?
Sure! He was in American Sniper. He was also in the movie The Truth About Forever. Have you seen it?
It is a drama and a comedy. It's really good.
Anytime!
Yes. I like Martin Scorsese. He wrote The Assassination of Jesse James. Have you seen that?
Sure. Gangs of New York starring Robert De Niro is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You might also like The Handmaid's Tale. Have you seen that one?
You might also like the New York Yankees.
Sure. It also stars Sean Penn. It's a funny movie.
It's a good one. It also stars Matthew McConaughey.
You're welcome.
Yes, all three of the films, plus the Christmas film Toy Story That Time Forgot, are available.
Yes. He starred in That Thing You Do., which is a Romance.
Yes, he produced Larry Crowne, and it is a Romantic Comedy. Have you seen it?
Larry Crowne is a romantic comedy and it's a Drama.
I would have to say that it is a great movie. Enjoy!
You're very welcome!
Yes I do! I highly recommend Kingdom of Heaven.
Yes I can. Liam Neeson also starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
The Lord of the Rings was produced by J.R.R. Tolkien.
Enjoy!
The Cleveland Browns are fourth in the AFC North division for the 2018 season. I think their owner Randy Lerner would be happier with a better place.
Yes, the same year they won the Super Bowl XLVII championship!
I like the Dallas Cowboys. They are having a good season so far, so I'm not really sure.
I am a Yankee fun, I believe that says at all lol. The Red Sox are coached by John Farrell and Tom Werner. Do you like Baseball?
Yes they are from Monmouth Beach. Have you been to the World Series?
Me either but I like the New Jersey much like New York.
I did not see that one. That was a great movie
He wrote The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, A Princess of Mars and some more. Are you interested in any of these books?
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson.
You are welcome. You are most welcome.
Would you like recommendations for movies similar to Divergent?
Legend of Tarzan is similar. what else can i do for you today?
you are welcome.
Of course! Do you prefer Fiction or Fantasy?
Goonies starred Ben Stiller, Robert Davi and Robert Davi. It was released in 1993.
Yes she is! I love her music. Did you know she was in Men in Black 3?
Yeah, he is. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I m not sure, but I know she is married to Shoaib Malik.
I am not a fan of the author, Jhumpa Lahiri
Yes, I like fiction. Divergent is a genre, and a great one.
I do like thrillers. You may also like Shark Night.
Dr. Seuss wrote The Lorax and The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss. Do you like any of these?
Theodore is a children's literature written by Therese Raquin
Yes The Lorax was released in 1999
There is one called Welcome to the Monkey House if you really like.
Not a problem
The Kansas City Chiefs are a AFC West National Footbal league team and was founded by Lamar Hunt.
I'm a New York Giants fan to be honest. How about you?
It is a thriller written by Alex Garland. Do you like thrillers?
He also wrote Never let me go which is another science-fiction as well.
Yes he has. He has made some films into movies. I think they would be a good one.
Great! I hope you enjoy them both.
My favorite is Gangster Squad.
It was released in 1942
It is crime fiction
Your welcome
I do, actually. The books Luftslottet som sprängdes was written by Stieg Larsson, and Reg Keeland.
You might also enjoy The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo then.
Yes, he wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes, have you read it?
He wrote Seven Samurai and directed Seven Samurai. Do you want to hear more titles?
From what I can tell, he directed the Japanese film Yojimbo. He also directed Seven Samurai.
Two excellent movies that I would recommend are: Zodiac, Undisputed, and The Other Boleyn Girl.
Anytime, have a great day!
The Good, the Bad, the Weird is a great one similar to Oldboy.
Confessions is a film produced by Wayne Rooney. what else can i answer for you?
Annie Hall is a great comedy film starring Kevin Corrigan. anything else i can do for you?
you are welcome
They're OK. They're coached by Wayne Weaver. Does that ring a bell?
I also like the Denver Broncos.
What do you think of the Redskins?
Yes, I do. He wrote Thrillers and also is an Indie film. Do you like Indie films?
Yes, I haven't seen it but I love the movie Men in Black II. It is such a fun movie starring Kate Winslet.
Yes, I think he was also in a movie called No Country for Old Men.
Yeah, Scream is a horror. Do you like Horror films?
Then you might like World War Z, or Walking Tall. Do you like those?
Brad Pitt also starred in Troy, have you seen it?
I do! My favorite player is Sam Horn. Do you like baseball?
Sox are part of the American League East. I wish they were runner ups in Super Bowl XLVIII.
Oh. They're only one game up in the AFC right now.
He is best known for his movie Night Watch, and then he also wrote Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter.
Sure, Night Watch is a science fiction film directed by Brian Grazer, who also directed Wonderland.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Oh yes, he wrote X men 2 a sci fi movie.
That is correct. Would you like to know more about Hugh Jackman?
That's right! He also wrote The Wolverine. Have you seen it?
He's theg guy that wrote, The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide: Five Complete Novels and One Story, am I right?
1986 was the year that released The Way of the Gun, The Time Machine and the Invisible Man.
I can tell you that The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy was released the same year as The Restaurant at the End of the Universe released the same year.
ok great enjoy!
What a great movie! Are you a fan of Marlon Brando?
Ok. He wrote Apocalypse Now, which was directed by Joseph Conrad.
Marlon Brando is great! He starred in X-Men The Godfather, and The Apocalypse Now.
Great! Marlon Brando is known for starring in The Godfather Part II and Apocalypse Now.
Yes, he also produced The Godfather II.
That is an excellent choice. The House of Mirth is another great drama that you might enjoy.
I used to like them a lot under Brett Farve as their quarterback. Since he retired, they're just not as exciting.
Oh yea that's interesting, I know Thorpe was a founder of the Olympic sports team.
Who is your favorite team? I am a fan of Pittsburgh.
I don't have a big fan of football but I do know they are owned by a woman Virginia McCaskey. I haven't watched them much.
Ok, I'm actually a Bears fan myself! Do you have a favorite team?
I like baseball too! I'm a Padres fan.
That movie stars Zooey Deschanel
They both starred in Zooey Deschanel. Do you like her work?
You Again is a Lie. It was directed by David Ayer and produced by Robert Louis Stevenson.
Yes, The Namesake is written by Jhumpa Lahiri, have you read it?
Well, I can tell you that the author wrote it, directed and starred in the movie Apocalypse Now. Have you heard of it?
Xenocide is a science fiction novel by American writer Orson Scott Card.
Will do. Enjoy!
Thomas F. Wilson starred in Zoom. are you into Science Fiction movies?
Thomas F. Wilson also starred in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
Enjoy!
He is a good singer. He also starred in The Christmas Blessing, The Christmas Blessing, and The Christmas Blessing.
His record label is Ultra Music. Do you like country music?
I don't know where he played. However, I do know he started as a guitarist.
Yes I can. She wrote Pretty Little Liar the genre is Teen Drama, do you like teen drama?
Yes! It was made into a TV series called Pretty Little Liars. It stars Jake Gyllenhaal, Seth Rogen and Danny McBride.
Yes! Some of the best horror movies are The Tailor of Panama and Now You See Me.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I love European Football or soccer as we call it. My favorite player on that team is Brian Kidd. Do you like him?
I love America football. My favorite team is the Redskins. Do you like football?
Exactly! I don't really know much about college football.
I don't know much about them. Who are their key players?
I think Mike Tomlin is a great coach. I'm also a fan of the Denver Broncos. Are you a fan of him?
I didn't know that! I think the Buccaneers were a very successful team.
Yes he starred in The Storm and Thelma & Louise
Sean Penn and Sharlto Copley were both in it.
Sure. Have a great day.
You're welcome!
Laura Esquivel wrote Como agua para chocolate and she is also a teacher.
That was also the year it was released
Yes she did, and Mary Higgins Clark also wrote Percy Jackson
You're welcome
The Memory Keeper's daughter original language is English
Kim Edwards was born in Killeen, Texas and Penned the book.
Your welcome.
Sure, he wrote Defending Jacob. Are you familiar with that book?
It was. It was a movie too. Have you seen it?
It's a thriller. It's about a father dealing with the accusation that his 14-year-old son is a murderer
Well, Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors, was this what you had in mind?
It was released in 2004
Your welcome
Sure, he wrote many great works like Romeo and Juliet, The Tragedy of Othello, The Moor of Venice to name a few.
What You Will is a drama/romance novel by William Shakespeare.
I hope you enjoy it!
He's directed many films such as The Imitation Game and Headhunters. Do you like his work?
The Imitation Game is starring Rory Kinnear and Benedict Cumberbatch
Cool, enjoy the movie!
Sure! A Thousand Splendid Suns is written by the same author!
Sure, he has actually written A Thousand Splendid Suns, And The Mountains Echoed, and The Kite Runner.
Great, enjoy!
I'm not sure. Did you know that he's from Whiplash?
He is also the Executive Producer and a producer. He has written The Silence of the Lambs, which is a very popular film.
The movie is about a murderer who runs a ranch and the daughter's love life.
Enjoy!
OK. Have a great day!
She starred in Wonder Women 2017, also in Solider 1998
Sure! Shaun Evans starred in it as well, it's a psychological thriller.
Sure! Situation has been added. Is there anything else I can do for you today?
He is ok. He was in Friends with Benefits and The Social Network.
It was produced by Zoe Lister
Wasn't she on that show with Will Smith? I remember watching that one too.
Yes, it was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It's considered Speculative fiction.
Do you like the author Harper Lee or the genre fiction?
Then you might enjoy the book "The Manchurian Candidate" or "The Manchurian Candidate."
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Last Lecture was released in 2008 a non fiction genre. It shows it was written by two different authors.
That's right, he did star in the Star Trek series.
Sure, would you like me to add it now?
Yes, Jonathan Levine directed The Wackness, starring Mary Kate Olsen. It's a romantic comedy
The Wackness is a drama and comedy.
Tom Wilkinson starred in Wackness.
I hope you enjoy it!
Have you read The Man in the Iron Mask or Rob Roy?
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Ok, let me know if you need anything else.
Great, I will add it to your list.
I remember he directed a suspense thriller movie in the late 1980s called Frantic. That movies starred Harrison Ford
Would you like to hear about other movies he wrote?
1867
Writter Suzanne Collins also wrote Gregor the Overlander and Mockinjay.
You might enjoy The Wolverine or Van Helsing.
I agree, The Call of the Wild was a good movie.
You're welcome.
Sure! Donnie Darko is a Thriller written by Richard Kelly and stars Seth Rogen. Do you like Thriller movies?
He was in the movie True Grit and The Usual Suspects.
Yes he was in that as well!
I am not sure. But I know Judd Apatow wrote, directed, and produced This is the End.
I'm not sure when it was released.
Of course! She wrote Frankenstein. It also goes by the title The Modern Prometheus.
Frankenstein is an old piece that was released in 1818.
Frankenstein is written in English and is also considered a thriller.
You're welcome!
Fight Club is a romance novel written by Jim Uhls and Chuck Palahniuk.
There are several, including Brad Pitt, Katharine McPhee, and Joshua Leonard.
You're welcome, I'm happy to help!
Yes. He wrote Im Westen nichts Neues in 1929.
He is a translator and translated his work. He wrote Im Westen nichts Neues and Drei Kameraden, among others.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy your book.
He directed The Siege. Did you know he also wrote The Last Samurai?
Yes, you are right. He is one of the stars in The Siege.
Yes, Edward Zwick is in that film. He was also in Thor, and The Great Debaters.
You're right. Snoop Dogg was in Training Day.
You are correct. He was in Volcano High.
No problem!
I like their mascot Mr. Met. Do you like them?
I see. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I like baseball too. Who is your favorite team?
Sure! He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
It was released in 2005 and written by Stephen J. Dubner
I don't have that information unfortunately, but I do know it was released in 2009 and written by Stephen J. Dubner.
Of course! Enjoy!
I know he wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly as well as Once Upon a Time in the West.
Yes, he did. Eli Wallach also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
He also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
Absolutely. The Good, the Bad and the Ugly and Once Upon a Time in the West are also great movies with the same genre.
Yes, enjoy and have a great day!
No problem. Enjoy.
The writter Kurt Vonnegut Jr. wrote Timequake and Welcome to the Monkey House. Have you heard of them?
I'm not sure about the other author, but Kurt Vonnegut Jr. wrote a book called Welcome to the Monkey House.
Some other books in that genre include Welcome to the Monkey House and Weaveworld.
He has directed several movies like There's Something about Mary starring Beatrice Sparks and X-Men: First Class. Would you like to know more?
Daniel Radcliffe starred in it. Do you like him?
I believe so. He was also in The Civil War.
Sure! He starred in Unlawful Entry and The Vatican Tapes.
It came out in 1990, and starred Carmen Argenziano.
Patricia Clarkson starred in it as well. It is a science fiction movie, do you like those kinds of movies?
Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier is one of my favorite movie
Underdog is a science fiction film starring Marc John Jefferies, Jeff Bridges, and Alison Brie. It is a thriller
Jay Leno has also starred in Wreck-It Ralph which is a comedy and is a drama.
They are. Didn't they win the Super Bowl last year?
If I'm not mistaken, they also are owned by Jeffrey Lurie.
I usually watch football, but I really like to watch the Steelers.
I like the Washington Redskins and New York Giants.
Ara Celi has most notably starred in American Beauty, alongside Peter Gallagher, it's a Drama and is really good!
It also stars Annette Bening. She is a great actress.
Yes, it is. This movie is based on a true story.
That's a great movie. Did you know it stars William Hurt and Ty Burrell?
You might like The Incredible Hulk starring William Hurt and Ty Burrell.
I think that was released in 2010. It's also a great action movie.
You're very welcome! Enjoy.
Die Hard With A Vengeance is a similar movie to Die Hard.
Then you might enjoy White Fang or World War Z. Have you seen either of those?
Did you like the movie because it was a Thriller or because it was a zombie movie?
Absolutely! He also starred in all of the movie Troy, as well as X-Men 2.
Sure, enjoy the movies!
Yes, he has starred in We Don't Live Here Anymore, The Truman Show, Civic Duty and Beastly. Would you like more information about one of these?
Yes, she is. I think you'll enjoy her movies.
She has also starred in Funny Games - a thriller movie.
Yes. it stars Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman.
Other thriller movies I would recommend are X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Resident Evil, and Transformers. Anything of interest to you?
The Change-Up with Ryan Reynolds is a comedy-drama movie. It is produced by Blomkamp, who also produced The Hero.
You are welcome, goodbye.
He directed The Incredible Hulk and Now You See Me.
The Transporter stars William Hurt and Ty Burrell. Are you a fan of these actors?
He had a starring role in the movie The Transporter.
Good Will Hunting is written by Matt Damon. Do you like dramas?
Vampire Slayer is starring Ryan Reynolds and Jack Nicholson.
Yes, it is. Ben Affleck also wrote Good Will Hunting.
The Town is a horror movie and it stars Ben Affleck and is a political thriller.
No problem, have a great night!
He wrote a book called Judd. It was turned into a movie. Have you read it?
Sure. Madame Bovary is a romance novel released in 1856. Also written by Gustave Flaubert.
It was released in 1856. Would you like to know more about it?
It is a literary realism. Do you like those genres?
If you like Literary Realism, you might like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
You're welcome!
Collateral stars Tom Cruise .Do you like Thrillers?
Well, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick, and he also directed 2001: A Space Odyssey. Do you like him as a director?
Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder, Vanilla Sky and The Last Samurai.
I don't know when it was released. I do know that Tom Cruise produced the film.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
Bruce Willis also stars in Hudson Hawk
Bruce Willis was in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen that one?
I heard they were good movies like Hudson Hawk. Have you seen it?
ok great. hope you enjoy it
Let me see, I know that he's a Songwriter. Were you aware that he sung New Perspective?
Then you should check out The Road to El Dorado if you like Drama
I don't know much about Country music. I prefer Country music
Oh yes, he starred in The Halloween Tree, and The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you seen those?
Yes, he was in Star Trek III
It was written by Hilda Rosner and Hermann Hesse. It was released in 1922. Do you like the older books?
Sure, Hilda's work was published in 1910 and has also been a feature of speculative fiction.
That came out in 1922. It's a great book.
Your welcome.
He starred in You Again, Wolfen and Turner and Hooch. Have you seen any of these?
Jamie Lee Curtis starred in How I Got That Way, which is a comedy.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote Life of Pi. Have you read that one? It's a Fiction novel.
I'm more of a fan of adventure, but I would recommend World Without End.
Yes, she wrote it as well. Have you seen the film?
It is, I highly recommend it!
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Vladimir Nabokov. He also wrote Lolita
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories is written by dr.
You are welcome, there is anything else I can help you with ?
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is also a good one.
I don't know much about him other than he plays basketball
Well, Warriors is a basketball team and from Winston-Salem. Do you like basketball?
Not really, I know Steph Curry is a good player
Sure, some great books he's written are: Teacher Man, Angels & Demons, and Tis: A Memoir.
A similar book is Teacher Man.
you are welcome
It's a good book written by J.R.R Tolkien.
A couple of his books that I mentioned are The Silence of the Lambs: Red Dragon, Hannibal, and Hannibal Rising. Have you read any of those?
It was released in 2004. It is also written by Thomas Harris.
Enjoy!
They are my favorite La Liga team, do you like them as well?
I think he is an athlete. Who is your favorite athlete?
I'm not familiar with soccer
You might enjoy The Sea Wolf. He wrote that as well.
Seven Pounds and When the Wind Blows are also great fiction books.
Million Dollar Baby stars Hilary Swank and Clint Eastwood, do you like these actors?
That's right. Did you know it also starred Liam Neeson?
I haven't seen it, but I've heard it's good.
Yes, that is very interesting. Did you know Peter Jason also starred in Cruise of the Gods?
Great. I think you'll enjoy it.
Do you like comedies because it is a comedy?
It was released in 2009, and is a romance movie.
Oh yes. Did you know she wrote The Very Hungry Caterpillar?
He wrote and starred in The Tales of Beedle the Bard.
Great. Have you read the book or seen the movie?
There are so many great ones to check out. World Without End is a great book by J.K. Rowling.
The Divergent Series is a fantasy novel by Jane Austen. Would you like to read it?
You're very welcome!
Yes, Andrew Adamson wrote all three Shreks
Shrek 2 is written by Mike Myers.
I don't really know a lot about them, I am from west coast. I do know they are the mascot for the Mets. Do you like baseball?
I haven't. It's been awhile but I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
That's the only one I really know about it. Did you ever watch the National Football League?
Thomas Lennon starred in The Pacifier,The Secret Life of Bees, and The Pacifier. Would you like more information about any of these films?
Yes, it is a television series and starring Thomas Lennon and J.K. Simmons. It is a Comedy/drama movie.
I think she is a great artist, I like the song Tiny Dancer. How about you?
the best team is the Redskins. Do you like football?
Agreed. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes I can! King Kong was written by Iain Canning and starred Toy Story 3. It is an adventure/action film. Do you like adventure movies?
He wrote The Goonies, starring Andrew Niccol.
I do not know the release date
I am more of a Green Bay Packer fan but John Fox is a pretty good coach of that football team. Do you like them?
I didn't know that! He's a good coach. I think John Fox used to play for the Panthers.
Yea, I'm not familiar with that. He was a former American football player and former coach of the Denver Broncos.
Great! I would also recommend The Men Who Stare at Goats.
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
I've seen them a few times when they've played the Atlanta Braves. Aren't they in the National League too?
I think it was. The New York Mets are one of the best teams in the American League.
I like that movie too. Do you know Keanu Reeves starred in it?
Derrick Rose is an American professional basketball player for the Minnesota Timberwolves of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Yes, I like them and he is a good basketball player
No I haven't. I love his acting. He's a good player
Of course, Men in Black was written by Robert Duvall and David Oyelowo who also wrote Never Let Me Go.
You might enjoy Wizard's First Rule then. It is of the same genre and stars Men in Black.
Yes, it was a sequel, very well received and there is a lot of action in it!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Batman Begins was released in 2005. Have you seen the sequel/remake The Dark Knight?
I'm not sure about that, but the Dark Knight Rises is the first movie in the series.
Enjoy the movies!
He wrote The Mad Ship and The Golden Fool.
The Mad Ship was released in 2005. The Golden Fool was released in 2005.
Sure, Timequake is about time travel. Mother Night is science fiction. Do you like either of those genres?
It's a drama. Do you like those kinds of books?
One of my favorites is Xenocide. Z for Zachariah is a good one
There's American Psycho, Primal Fear and Seven
Miley Cyrus starred in this movie.
Of course, it stars Lake of Fire and is a war film, based on a novel.
You're welcome.
E.V. Rieu wrote
E.V. Rieu wrote
He is also a teacher and from the United States
Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
It's non-fiction. It was released in 2012.
Your welcome
If You Give a Mouse a Cookie is written by Felicia Bond and was released in 1985.
Yes. J.K. Rowling wrote If You Take a Mouse to the Movies and If You Give a Pig a Pancake.
Great, enjoy!
Well, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick, and he also directed 2001: A Space Odyssey. Do you like him as a director?
To Kill a Mockingbird and The Manchurian Candidate might be a good one.
I do not have that information.
I am glad to help.
Charles Duhigg wrote The Power of Habit. what else can i do for you?
The Power of Habit was released in 2011
Absolutely, Enjoy
The Godfather is written by Francis Ford Coppola, who also produced The Apocalypse Now
He is a great player. Did you know that they won the 2008 NBA Finals?
Yes he is. He is still the owner of the Celtics.
I think Jerry Reinsdorf has done a great job turning the franchise around.
Chicago Bulls : Team Owned by Jerry Reinsdorf
I haven't heard that, but I hope they will make it to the Super Bowl this year.
your welcome
Dear John is written by Nicholas Sparks. anything else i can do for you?
Yes, it was written by Nicholas Sparks. It is a Young-adult fiction novel. I enjoyed it.
I hope you enjoy it!
Hush is a great movie similar to Crescendo
Well it was written by Jane Austen and there is a next in series called Emma you might enjoy.
Other romance novels include Sense and Sensibility and Pride and Prejudice.
It is a romance novel that was published in 1817.
You're welcome.
I love Linkin Park, especially the song Somewhere I Belong, it's really nice.
Have you heard of American Gangster? He's a pretty good rapper
Andrew Stanton directed Finding Nemo. Finding Nemo is a family genre. Do you enjoy family genre movies?
It was released in 2013 and is an adventure movie. Andrew Stanton also directed it.
Yes she does. Ellen DeGeneres also starred in WALL-E.
You are welcome!
Phil LaMarr starred in Zambezia
Yes, and she star in it too!
I have a lot of good family movies. You might like The Hunger Games or The Giver.
Will do. Have a great day.
Yes, He's an Indian International Cricketer who was a very well rounded player
I don't know anything about cricket, but I know he was married to Yuvraj Singh.
That's right. He was a writer and film producer.
From the looks of him he is from Oakland
You're right! Paul Allen is the owner of the Portland Trail Blazers.
I does. Seattle Seahawks is a great team, but I also owns a lot of sports.
Yes I do! The King's Speech is a historical drama that was written by Issac Asimov and Gareth Unwin.
Yes, that is correct. He has starred in it as well as The Lord of the Rings. Have you seen it?
Are you a fan of his? He didn't star in The Last Crusade.
I like her song La Tortura. Did you hear this song?
Yes, Sia performed Titanium and I love it. She is from Adelaide.
She is a very talented singer but will have to go listen to some of her songs
The Chicago Bears, or the Chicago Cubs?
Oh, I see. I'm a Chicago Bears fan and since Broman was runner up in Super Bowl XLVII, did you see that?
The commercials are awful! What's your favorite team?
Isn't he a basketball player. Who does he play for?
I believe he is a point guard.
I don't know, but he is very good. He won NBA Rookie of the Year Award.
Do you like drama? I would suggest The Pillars of the Earth.
Yes, Hayley Atwell also starred in The Pillars of the Earth.
Well then you might like The Pillars of the Earth or The Pillars of the Earth.
You're welcome.
Yes, that is a great movie written by John Logan.
Yes. She is a great actress. She also starred in Drama and Thriller if you haven't seen it.
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional American football franchise based in Tampa, Florida. The Buccaneers currently compete in the National Football Conference South division
I do, did you know Lovie Smith also coached the Denver Broncos
I like football and baseball. What about you?
Well it was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like that author? She also wrote the Harry Potter series.
Okay. I would recommend Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. It's also in the fantasy genre.
It's a great book. I think you'll enjoy it.
Great, I think you'll enjoy them!
Sure! He is super talented! He wrote, directed, and starred in Annie Hall and To Rome with Love.
It stars Ralph Fiennes and Rupert Everett. It's a great romance film.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Spirited Away was written by Hayao Miyazaki. Hayao also wrote Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind.
Well, if you're interested in Japanese films, you might also enjoy X-Men or World War Z.
You might enjoy Your Sister's sister then.
You're welcome!
He wrote such great books as The Virgin Suicides and The Picture of Dorian Gray. Have you read either?
It is a Fiction Novel that was written in 1993.
It was released in 1993. It's a great book about life.
You're welcome
Sure, I bet you do. I like it because it was written by Judd apatow and also it's a comedy.
Seth Rogen starred in The Watch and The Huntsman. Have you seen either of these?
Yes, Mindy Kaling has a great cast. He also starred in Pineapple Express and The Green Hornet.
Hope you like it!
Yes, he wrote The Virgin Suicides, The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Vespers Rising. Have you read any of those?
Yes, Miranda Richardson was also in Gideon's Daughter.
Yes, Phantom of the Opera is a fantasy.
Of course, I hope you enjoy!
Yeah, I do. I love her! She got some rich vocals. I love Rolling In the Deep. You like her music?
I like Hello, but I also like Ed Sheran and Shakira, also Sean Mendez
I check it out, and I like it too. I suggest watching it.
Inception is directed by Christopher Nolan. He also wrote the Dark Knight.
He directed The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
Inception is starring Michael Caine and Margot Robbie.
You might like The Prestige or The Dark Knight Rises.
I'm not sure. However, I can tell you The Hunger Games is a drama film
Enjoy the film!
He is a football player who plays for the Brazil national football team
Wow, I had no idea. What do you know about Dani Alves?
They're currently in 2nd place with the NFC West, but they are 4 games behind the 1st place Rams. It's not looking too bad.
They are having a good season. They're 4th in the NFC North so they are not doing too well.
Oh, I didn't know that. I think they were doing well this year.
Well, I can say that Nicolas Cage starred in this movie. Would you like to hear more about the actors?
It is a book about social criticism from the 18th century England. It was released in 1838.
How about A Tale of Two Cities, do you like that book?
It is a story about three men who go against each other for King Henry VIII's affections.
I don't really know much about working class but I do know that it is also a book about life of young woman.
You're welcome
Kierra Cass wrote The Siren. what else can i do for you today?
Sure, she also wrote The Siren. It's considered a classic.
It's a young-adult fiction, and was released in 2011.
You're welcome.
Yes there are similar movies like Mission Impossible - Ghost Protocol are; The Mission Impossible: Ghost Protocol, and Titanic
Yes, they are. It is a Action packed movie.
Then you might enjoy Beautiful Creatures.
No problem, I hope you enjoy it!
Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell. He also wrote Animal Farm.
Animal Farm is a children's literature. It was also produced by George Orwell. He also wrote Animal Farm.
You're welcome!
He wrote Relato de un naufrago
He wrote a lot, he has written in the English language, such as The Bourne Legacy, and Inheritance Cycle.
It was written by Ralph Steathing. He also wrote Gonzo the Art and The Joke's Over.
Well, from what I've read, he also wrote Gonzo the Art and The Joke's Over.
I hope you enjoy it.
Adam Brown has starred in The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug and The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey.
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome, have a great day!
Bradley Cooper starred in The Words, a mystery thriller. He also starred in Limitless, a psychological thriller.
The Woods is a horror film and was directed by Bradley Cooper.
It is a horror movie and it is directed by Roland Emmerich.
Have you read the Fellowship of the Ring?
its a young adult fiction. what else can i do for you?
no what else can i do for you?
you are welcome
The Tell Tale Heart, The Black Cat and Hop Frog are some of his work. He also write poems. Are you interested in poems?
Raven was released in 1843.
You're welcome.
I know Cesc Fàbregas is an athlete and plays for the Spain National Football team. Do you like Football?
Some have heard of them but I don't know much about them.
I'm not sure about that. But he was born in Spain.
Aladdin was written by John Grisham and stars Aladdin. Do you like Aladdin because it is a Thriller?
There was a Cotthroat Island that was a popular one
You might enjoy The Stand or The Dead Zone.
The Good Thief starring Said Taghmaoui, it is an Action Thriller and I highly recommend it.
Philip Seymour Hoffman also starred in it. I'm not sure, but I would recommend checking it out.
Yes, he did, as well as The End of the Affair. Would you like to know more about the actors?
Glad to help, enjoy!
Quentin Tarantino have directed Pulp Fiction, Kill Bill and more.
Yes he was in that movie. Do you like Rob Zombie music?
He was also in Insomnia and The Fast and the Furious.
No problem!
Downfalls in the genre of War. Do you like War films?
It stars Willie Garson and Marcia DeBonis. Do you like any of them?
Angelina Jolie is also in it, he is a great actor.
Your welcome!
Wasn't he a featured artist on the dance-pop album Unbroken?
Oh yes. I like her song Super Bass. Are you a fan of this genre?
Oh my gosh. That's one of my favorites. I haven't heard it  yet. Thanks for the info.
Yes, it written by Cassandra Clare and released 2014. Have you read it?
Yes, she also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and Man of Steel.
Yes, The Mortal Instruments is a series
You're welcome
By David Sedaris? I love that book. Have you read it?
Me Talk Pretty One Day is actually a great book. It was released in 2005.
My pleasure, let me know if you need more recommendations.
Fred Willard starred in Youth in Revolt and Roxanne, both Romantic comedies. Do you like that genre?
Is this the genre you want to stay in?
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy the movie.
Great! Have a great day!
You're welcome!
That was a dramatic drama starring Ato Essandoh. It was produced by Graham King, I am Sam might be something you like
Did you know that Djimon Hounsou directed the movie?
The Lord of War was released in 2004
Sure! She's starred in City of Bones and RoboCop 3. Have you seen either of those?
RoboCop 3. He also starred in The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou that you might like.
Yes, he did star in The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones
No, I know that Anne Hathaway and Meryl Streep star in that movie.
She has starred in another movie called The Devil Wears Prada, which is a romance film.
Yes she was, I believe so. Anne Hathaway also starred in The Iron Lady.
Glad I could help!
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was released in 2001.
How to Train Your Dragon was a popular one that was also released in 1997.
Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Small Steps. They are both childrens literature. Do you enjoy reading that genre?
Okay, then you might enjoy Wolf Brother or Wildwood Dancing. What genre are you looking for?
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Dan Gilroy wrote Angels & Demons and also The Da Vinci Code. Would either of them interest you?
The Bourne Legacy is starring Matt Damon and was released in 2013. Does that interest you?
The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Michael Clayton. Michael Clayton stars in The Bourne Legacy. Michael Clayton seems to be a sequel to The Bourne Identity.
Hayao Miyazaki directed The Sirens of Titanic and Ponyo.
It is a romance film, Hayao Miyazaki also directed Ponyo and wrote The Fountainhead, have you heard of those?
Miguel Artela had a starring role in that film. If you like historical drama, Hayao Miyazaki also starred in The Train.
Yes, this film is a drama, I believe it may be a film as well.
Sure, he wrote There Will be Blood and The Master. He's been involved in a lot of different movies. Would you like to hear more?
There are two of the most known stars in that movie. It was written by Paul F. Scott Fitzgerald.
You are welcome, enjoy the movie!
Sure! Paula Hawkins wrote The Grand Budapest Hotel and The Bridge of San Luis Rey, have you read any of these?
The Girl on the Train was written by Paula Hawkins and released in 1996
Sure, have a good day.
No problem. Enjoy the book!
Sure, have you read To Kill a Mockingbird, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Manchurian Candidate?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I haven't read it either. But I heard it's a great book.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, it is. Anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome.
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Pinn was influenced by Vladimir Naokov. He also wrote A Modest Proposal
Yes,It is written by Vladimir Naokov
Its a fantasy book
No problem
If you like Memoirs of a Geisha, then i would recommend you to check out The Commoner, Pachinko
The novel is written by J.R.R Tolkien
He wrote Memoirs of a Geisha, have you read it?
Your welcome
He is ok but I think his Spouse Hayden Panettiere is great
Yes, it is!
I'm not sure about Anna Paquin, but he's a boxer as well.
That's true. So funny. I'm always happy to help.
Green Eggs and Ham was written by Doctor Seuss.
There's a version of that one called The Cat in the Hat and Where the Heart Is. Then you might like that one.
That's correct! Have you heard of The Cat in the Hat?
The movie is a great comedy. Did you know that Seth Rogen is starring in this movie?
Oh yea, he's been in Wrath of the Titans and She's Gotta Have It. They're two of my favorites.
Yes! Emma Stone was in that movie with Emma Stone.
No problem!
Yes E.B. White wrote The Elements of Style and Stuart Little. Have you read them?
Sure. Safe Haven was written by Nicholas Sparks. It's a romance drama and a romance novel. Do you like Nicholas Sparks?
Charlie Sheen is starring in that.
It was released in 2004. Do you want to know more information about this movie?
You may be interested in checking out The Dozen as well, it is also a Movie.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, do you like it because it is directed by James Cameron or because it is Action movie?
Yes, he did. That is a great movie. If you like thrillers, Shark Night is another great movie to check out.
I don't know, but I do know that he directed The Women of Brewster Place.
Sure. Added the movie to your watch list.
She is a British actess, best known for her roles in Ronin, The Truman Show and Solaris
The Truman Show was released in 2004. It also stars Jim Carrey.
Deception Point is a novel written by Dan Brown. It is a thriller and was released in 2002.
The genre is Non-Fiction and Fiction
He wrote the Where the Wild Things Are and The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss. Have you read either of those?
Little Bear is a fantasy, do you like fantasy books?
Here are other family shows that you might enjoy are A Christmas Carol, The Book of Mormon.
Enjoy!
You're welcome!
He directed the science fiction film Eraserhead.
Inland Empire is a fantasy
Idiocracy stars Tom Waits and Kevin Corrigan.
It was released in 1996.
Sure. I hope you enjoy the movie.
Your welcome.
Gone with the Wind is written by Margaret Mitchell. She also wrote Friends with Benefits.
How about Tender is the Night?
I am not sure about that one. However I do know that it was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald.
Your welcome.
Sure, Ellen starred in When a Man Loves a Woman with Andy Garcia. Have you ever watched that?
The tennis player? I haven't watched tennis in a while. Is there news about him?
Yes, I do like Serena. She is a great tennis player. She also won the 2008 PGA Championship.
Yes, he also plays tennis. I like the Dallas Cowboys.
Go Set A Watchman is similar to To Kill a Mockingbird.
To Kill a Mockingbird is in the drama genre, have you seen The Manchurian Candidate?
You are welcome.
I love her music. My favorite is I'm Not Dead by Pink. What is yours?
I do like her music. Did you know she won a Grammy for Best Male Video of the Year?
Wow, I did not know that. I know she has two kids, who I like The Matrix. She's good!
Yes, he starred in the show O.C
Yes, it is a movie starring Sandra Bullock. Do you like Thrillers?
The O.C. is a romantic comedy. I don't have any more information on that.
You are welcome.
Martin Gardner wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and The Portable Atheist: Essential Reading for the Non-believer.
The Portable Atheist and Alice Adventures in Wonderland is a fantasy novel.
The Portable Atheist and Alice's Adventures in Wonderland is the only book he has written.
Your welcome
Yes, he plays football in Midfielder position. He was born on Santa Marta. Do you like football?
He played as a Forward. I don't know much about James Rodriguez.
Yes, he was on FC Porto as well. It is a sports team.
She is a great tennis player. I love watching her and her sister Serena play.
Brett Ratner is an actor. I think he's a good actor. What's your favorite tennis player?
I'm not sure about that, but Al Pacino was in Shark Night with Kyla Pratt.
The Glass Castle was written by Jeannette Wells. She also wrote Half Broke Horses: A True Life Novel. Do you like Memoirs?
Robert Zemeckis wrote it. Do you know that?
She wrote The Lovely Bones and The Almost Moon. Are you familiar with those?
It is fiction. Would you like to know about similar novels?
Sure, here are some , but the best one is Up in the Air.
Yes, it is written by Jack London
You are welcome
I know she is a tennis player from India but I don't watch it much.
You know, I also like Venus williams, she is a tennis player too.
I don't know. However, he is a good tennis player.
Yes he was. They were the runner ups for Super Bowl XLVII.
Sure, do you like Thor: The Dark World because it is a Fantasy?
Then you might also like the Harry Potter movies. Have you seen that one?
That movie stars Simon McBurney, Sam Elliot, and Nicole Kidman.
I hope you enjoy it!
It starred J.K. Simmons and Melissa Benoist. JK won an Oscar for his role.
Yes Wade Williams also starred in Wreck-It Ralph
Yes, he did
Breakfast of Champions is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Do you enjoy that author ?
You might like Timequake as well. It's a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it's a very cool book. There's a film called Welcome to the Monkey House that you may like.
He directed The Amazing Spider-Man 2, The Incredibles, and Mad Max
Yes. John Sayles wrote and directed The Spiderwick Chronicles. He also wrote Is there anything else I can help with?
It's a historical period drama.
I like Phil Mickelson, he won the 2005 PGA Championship and the 2010 Masters Tournament, he also starred in the movie Tin Cup.
I think he also won the 2010 Masters Tournament, which is where he is from.
I think it is pretty funny. Is that a comedy for sure?
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works
Yes, he did. He was also in The Wedding Date. You might also like that movie.
I would have to check out the work of Toy Story if you like Mickey Rooney. He was in that too.
enneth H. Blanchard wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement, and Who Moved My Cheese? Have you read either of those?
It's an autobiography that was released in 1981.
That is correct. It's similar to The One Minute Manager.
I do! He starred in Nowhere Boy and Fifty Shades of Grey.
Nowhere Boy starred Eryl Streep, Emily Blunt and Emily Blunt to name a few.
Nowhere Boy is a Thriller, Science Fiction, and Comedy film. It's a great movie.
Of course, did you like this book because of the author, Hunter S Thomson?
Hunter S Thompson is an action film. He also wrote White House Down. Do you like action films?
I'm not sure about it, but it was directed by David Ayer. Would you like me to send it to you?
Yes she wrote The Virgin Blue, The last Runaway and the Lady and the Unicorn. Have you read these?
I believe it was written in 1997, have you read it?
I don't know if that is the movie, but I do know that it was directed by Tracy Chevalier and was released in 1996.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he directed both The Mist and The Green Mile. Are you a fan of Stephen King films?
The Mist was released in 2002 and is a drama. Do you like Drama movies?
Great, do you like Country of national Lampoons?
Have you seen Annie Hall? It is so great!
Yes, Dan Gilroy is the winner of the 2012 PGA Championship match right?
Matt Damon and Dan Gilroy
It is a thriller
Zero Dark Thirty
have you watch All the Real Girls
Welcome
Sure! Do you like poetry because it's part of the series?
Shel Silverstein also wrote Where the Sidewalk Ends and Falling Up.
You may be interested in Micheal Crichton or Leigh Brackett.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know that he is a country singer who composed Country Man. You like country?
I don't know any songs by her. I do know that she is friends with Taylor Swift!
Yes, I do agree.
She is most known for writing Seabiscuit. It is a story about a race horse. Do you like horses?
It was released in 1999.
You are welcome.
Sure, Oliver Stone directed The Doors. The Doors is written by Randall Jahnson
The Doors stars many big actors, including Chris Hemsworth, Bryce Dallas Howard, and Mellissa Marr.
Yes, The Doors is a musical, Thriller/Horror.
You're welcome!
Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Wise Man's Fear, The Name of the Wind, and Rogues. Have you read any of these?
Yes, it's speculative fiction. Would you like recommendations for more of that genre?
Sure thing!
Would you like recommendations for movies similar to Divergent?
Great, I would recommend The Hunger Games. Also, Divergent is a Young-adult fiction.
Yes, he's from Liverpool and plays for Everton FC. Do you like him?
Yes, he also plays soccer
He is a Brazilian jiu-jitsu champion and a former world No. 1 in singles.
Yes I do the Minnesota Vikings are coached by Mike Zimmer and Leslie Frazier did you know that?
Not really, but I'm more of a fan of the Seattle Seahawks.
Oh great! Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Would you refer I check based on it's genre, or on the actors?
She also starred in Won't Back Down. It's a very good movie.
Yes, he also starred in The Negotiator and Predators.
I would recommend Zoom and Back to the Future Past.
I recommend Zoolander or You've Got Mail.
You are welcome.
Yes. He directed The Prophet. It is filled with great poetry.
I think Suresh Raina is an athlete. Isn't he on the cricket team in India? I guess he's know for his Right-arm Off Spin.
I don't follow it, but I do know a lot about it. I prefer American Football, you?
Yes, he is a great player. I also like his team the Denver Nuggets. I also like his team.
He wrote Uglies and Touching Darkness.
It is a science fiction book that was released in 1987
War Film, written by Scott Westerfeld, was released in 1981.
You are welcome
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Spain national football team.
I'm not sure, I know he played for Bayern Munich.
He did indeed! I love their player Thierry Henry, but I don't know that.
Yes, and he also coached the Netherlands national football team.
Joseph Heller wrote The Dark Knight and The Sea of Monsters. Have you read either of those?
He was an American novelist who was influenced by Kurt Vonnegut. Would you like to know more about him?
Yes, Fifty Shades Freed was written by E.L. James and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
If you like that series, you might also like The Alpha Master. Have you read that one?
Bared to You is written by E.L. James.
No, I don't have that information, but I can tell you that it is a part of a series.
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, he is written Samtilche Erzahiungen and In der Strafkolonie.
It is a fiction novel, similar to Death in the Clouds.
Your welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
This book was written by Laura Hillenbrand and was published in 2010 . Are you interested in this book?
She also wrote Sea biscuit, an american legend and similar books are Flags of our fathers, Hiroshima and Band of brothers.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
He is a great basketball player. Are you a fan of him?
Yes. Patrick McGoohan wrote the Braveheart. He also wrote The Incredible Hulk.
Yes he did and it was directed by Kenneth Branagh
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly as well as Apocalypto!
Is there anything else I can help with?
He wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non'Believer. Did you know that?
It was released in 1974.
Its a non-fiction book. Do you like non-fiction?
No problem, enjoy!
Washington Redskins sucks. did you know Dwight Schar owned this team
Yes, they were runner ups in Super Bowl XLVIII.
I don't think so, but if you like him, he might be playing for the Broncos.
Girl with a Pearl Earring was written by Shawnee Smith. Have you read it?
Yes, it is a sci-fi novel.
I'm not sure. Can I help you with anything else?
Tropic Thunder has a Genre of Adventure and Drama. Do you enjoy those? Tropic Thunder has Tom Cruise in it.
The Cable Guy is starring Tom Hanks, Johnny Depp, and Philip Baker Hall.
Mary Shelley's Frankenstein starred in this movie.
Yes. Diana Gabaldon wrote My Own Heart's Blood.
I'm not sure of the release date. However, My Own Hearts Blood was released in 2009.
It's a fiction novel.
Enjoy!
He directed an action film called Cutthroat Island, and a thriller called The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Willie Garson starred in Cutthroat Island
It was released in 1995
Enjoy !
I'm not a huge fan of the Bears, but I do know they are owned by a woman Virginia McCaskey.
I think they will be better than the Vikings and the Lions
Yes, the Bears have won a lot of superbowls. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure! Doug Liam directed both Fair Game and Swingers. He also produced Fair Game as well as The Bourne Identity.
I do not think so, but John Liam also directed Guardians of the Galaxy, which is another great drama.
I do not but I do know that Sean Penn made it to a film.
I do, actually! It stars Sean Penn, Matt Damon and Josh Brolin. Are you interested in any of them?
Yes, he's also a writer and a television producer. He has written The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non'Believer. He's a very good actor.
Yes, he is an American professional basketball player for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association.
She stars in What's your number?.
Yes, it was. It was directed by Steve Harvey.
Yes I do, it stars Kodi Smit- Mcphee, and Judy Greer. Do you like these actors?
It also stars Zoey Deutch and Terry Pratchett.
If you like sci-fi, you might like X-Men: The Last Stand.
You're welcome. Enjoy.
Yes he directed 300: Rise of an Empire, Teddy Bear Chase, Smart People, The Affair, and Art Heist. Have you seen any of those?
300: Rise on an Empire stars Sullivan Stapleton, Peter Mensah and Eva Green
The movie was released in 1999.
You might like the movie 300: Rise on an Empire by Peter Mensah. It's in the Fantasy genre and is considered War.
I'm not sure about that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Eva Green was born in Rochester, New York City, in 2012.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about the baseball, but I do know they are owned by Magic Johnson.
It is. It was written by Jerry Bruckheimer. Maybe it's worth a look.
That's very true, I can't recall the name of their games, I heard they were a very good businessman as well,
Sure, Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
It was written by Robert Louis Stevenson and Mervyn Peake. It was released in 1886.
The version was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. It is more of a thriller or horror film.
I would definitely recommend The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
You're welcome. I'm happy to help.
Sure, Peace Like a River, Oryx and Crake, and A Lesson Before Dying are similar books.
There's one called Sword of Shannara, that was written by John Grisham and is a history book.
She wrote They're Watching God and The Virgin's Lover.
I know he is a football player, but I don't follow soccer much.
Yes, he's from Liverpool and plays for Everton FC. Do you like him?
I would say I am a fan of the Alabama Patriots.
I actually don't know much about football either.
Patrick Suskind is an author who wrote Dumb and Dumber, have you heard of it?
Absolutely, East of Eden, The Pearl of the World and Travels with Charley: In search of America is all wiritten by John Steinbeck. Do you like these?
Tropic of Cancer has genre Romance and Historical Fiction. do you like these genres?
OK, would you like to know about other fiction novels?
I think it was released in 1996. I also recommend The Missing.
I am not sure but the Night Watch was written by Anne Tyler.
You are welcome. enjoy!
Would you like it to be related to the actors, or the genre?
Yes, it does. It also stars Kevin Costner.
You might want to check out Seven Psychopaths, it's genre is Crime Fiction.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, that was a great movie! It starred Jack Nicholson, Paul Newman, and George Clooney. Do you like any of those actors?
Sarah Clarke also starred in Thirteen. She's a great actress!
Yes, she also starred in the movie True Romance.
You're welcome!
It was written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010. Have you read it?
Michael Bay wrote the Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
It is a genre Science Fiction
He also wrote The Good Dinosaur which is also a thriller.
Of course! Are you partial to works written by Henning Koch or are you a fan of them?
It sure was! 2012 was a great year for books. A Walk to Remember was written by Harald Kloser.
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller?
Well then you might want to check out The Looking Glass Wars. It is a action/adventure film.
Yes, the movie Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is actually a good sci fi movie
Interstellar starred Chris Hemsworth, Willow Smith, and Joel David Moore.
You're welcome
It is a young-adult fiction book
He directed the comedy American Pie as well as The Golden Compass.
It has Chris Weitz. Are you a fan of his?
She has also starred in Funny Games, have you seen it?
Great, hope you enjoy
I think he's a very good tennis player. I don't know much about him.
I haven't ever played a match but I haven't really watched a match before.
It is good to play but if I'm not mistaken he was playing against Roger Federer.
Melink Karakosta wrote Le Petit Prince.
He did. Le Petit Prince was co-written by Richard Howard.
He is a musician who also played a role in Le Petit Prince.
Did you like the movie because it's a Thriller/Sci-Fi movie?
The Last Stand has genre Thriller, do you like X-Men movies?
Logan is a sci-fi and action film directed by Steven Spielberg.
Absolutely! Enjoy!
Yes! he is a great writer who wrote the Pixar film Up. Have you seen it?
Yeah, he wrote a few movies like Where'd You Go, Bernadette, and Today Will Be Different. Have you seen any of them?
You might like Zombieland, xXx: State of the Union, or Zodiac. Do any of those sound good?
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes. Peter Bart wrote The Godfather. The Godfather has genre Crime Fiction. are you into crime fiction?
The Godfather also includes Robert Duvall, Michael Caine and Marlon Brando
The Godfather was released in 1999 and starred Marlon Brando
Sure, The Green Mile is written by Frank Darabont and a similar book is The Shawshank Redemption. Have you seen those movies?
Stephen King also wrote The Shawshank Redemption, have you read that one?
There is a film adaptation of The Dead Zone. It was directed by Stephen King as well.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
I sure can, She wrote one book called The Orphan Train which was released in 2013. Are you a fan of her work?
She also wrote A Piece of the World.
Yes, both of these are fiction.
I Am Legend starred Will Smith and Emma Thompson. It is a sci-fi thriller.
He's been in The Pursuit of Happyness, I Am Legend and so many more. Have you seen them?
He is! He was also in The Pursuit of Happyness which is also a Sci-Fi movie. Have you seen this one yet?
Hot Fuzz is a black comedy and parody film. Are you interested in black films or comedy in general?
Hot Fuzz is also a thriller and adventure film. Do you like that genre?
Yes it is. Wolf Brother is a good Adventure movie starring Anne Hathaway.
he is a scottish drummer, do you follow him
I like him as well, he is a really good artist. I like him in movies too, like Where Have You Been, and We Found Love.
I do, he was nominated for the Grammys for his record label and I think I did enjoy his music.
To Kill a Mockingbird was written in 1960.
Yes it was written by Emma McLaughlin
I can help with that and it is written by Claude-Michel Schönberg and Alain Boublil. It is a musical, a romance film and was released in 2012.
I'd recommend The River, The Book of Mormon, and The Invisible Man.
Perhaps you would like The Golden Compass, or The Looking Glass Wars.
Yes, The Deer Hunter is written by Quinn K. Redeker and stars Thomas Lennon. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, it was directed by Frank Darabont
Yes, he is very talented
It also stars Fran Drescher She was in it
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
For sure! It was like a lot of fun to watch but they haven't won a championship since 2017 though. Always wanted to have a good season. Have they ever won a super bowl this spring?
Cold Mountain is a war film starring Mike Colter and Nicole Kidman. Do you like that film?
I did not watch it but I think Renee Zellweger also starred in Shark Tale and Monsters vs. Aliens.
Cold Mountain is a great movie. If you are interested in other films by Charles Frazier you should also check out The Ugly Truth as well.
J. K. Simmons is an American professional basketball player who plays as a point guard for the Portland Trailblazers
He has done a bunch. He starred in The Assassination of J.K. Simmons.
It also stars Stephen Fry and Rupert Everett. I am sure you will like it.
Ronan Bennett was one of the actors in Public Enemies. Stephen Graham and Shawn Hatosy also starred in it.
Oh, I bet you do. He was in the movies The Rum Diary and L.A. Without a Map.
Yes, he was very funny in The Rum Diary. It's a comedy and he also starred in the movie True Grit.
Oh, ok. I will have to watch it tonight.
The movie stars Sela Ward and Harrison Ford. Are you a fan of Thrillers?
It was released in 1999.
Same here.
He was in Star Wars Holiday Special on TV with Harrison Ford.
Yes, he was, along with Harrison Ford.
Enjoy your movies!
J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Ban
Yes, Peter Pan also wrote The Tragedie of Antony and Cleopatra.
It's children's literature.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
The same Karim Benzema of Real Madrid C.F.? I don't really know him
I think he plays for Paris Saint-Germain
You're welcome!
Yes, it has Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, and Michelle Rodriguez in it. Do you like any of those actors?
VIn Diesel also starred in The Chronicles of Riddick and Fast Five. Do you like action movies?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote Madeleine L'Engle. Have you read it?
Yes that's true. Have you seen it?
Oh yeah, and he is a great actor. That is a hilarious movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, and Nealon also starred in The Three Musketeers
Yes she did, along with Mel Gibson. It is a very good movie.
The Gazebo is a drama film directed by Ridley Scott.
Yes, Seth MacFarlane wrote and directed This is the End, a comedy starring George Clooney. Do you like his movies?
Sure, it stars Brad Pitt and it's a comedy and is directed by Peter Hyams
Seth MacFarlane has written a lot of comedy movies. One of my favorites is Who's the Boss,
Skyfall is starring Humphrey Bogart, Michael Veidt and David Nicholson.
Yes, Rory Kinnear starred in The First Men in the Moon and The Second Coming.
Mark Wahlberg produced this film as well as The Half-Blood Prince.
It is a Romance and Drama.
I recommend it for you.
Great. Have a great day!
Sure, it is written by Charlaine Harris and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
That's also a part of a series. Would you like to hear more of her books?
Sorry, I don't have any other books by him.
No problem, enjoy!
Sure, He directed the movie Three Kings. Are you a fan of adventure films?
It is considered a Thriller and Drama. Do you like that genre?
Yes she was. You should check it out.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes. Did you know that book was written by John Green?
I think he was the captain of the Miami Heat. What do you think about him?
It was released in 2008 and is a young adult fiction.
Max Brooks is an author of World War Z, are you interested in that book?
2013! That was a great year for books.
Sure thing. I hope you enjoy it!
Enjoy the book!
Sure! He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and Turbo. The Proposal was a great movie.
If you like it, you should watch The Proposal. It's a thriller.
I haven't seen them either. They are very good.
Sure, I have a couple of my favorite books by J.K. Rowling. Do you know her?
The Fellowship of the Ring has adventure, such as The Phantom.
Have you seen The Good Doctor or The Return of the King?
Yes, it was written by Michael Endean. He has a great movies in this genre as well.
Great action movie starring Tom Cruise. Do you like because Tom Cruise is in it or because it is a Action/ Adventure movie?
Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder with Jerry Maguire.
You are welcome.
Your welcome
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
I think he's best friends whith Cameron Diaz from Shrek.
Yes I have and he also wrote Beastly. Do you like Biographical movies?
I do, I like dramas also starring Adrien Brody. Do you like it?
I did, it was written by Robert Wade and Ian Fleming great writers.
I recommend What Lies Beneath as well. It is a spy film.
Yes, it is a film, as well as a comedy.
He is a soccer player for Manchester United F.C. and he plays at Mexico National Football team.
I believe the Team coached by Ryan Giggs
You are welcome.
O Alquimista was written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988. The same year as The Alchemist. Have you read that?
O Alquimista was released in 1988 and is in the English language. He also wrote The Alchemist.
Yes, Onze minutos was released in 1891. It's a great book.
He starred in movies like Turbulence, The Shawshank Redemption, The Mist and The Green Mile. Have you heard of these movies?
Yes, she did. She also starred in The Mist and The Lawnmower Man. Have you seen those?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he is an athlete from Greifswald and plays for the Germany National Football Team.
The Kansas City Chiefs are a AFC West National Footbal league team and was founded by Lamar Hunt.
I like to watch college football. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. What about you?
The Redskins is my favorite team! What is yours?
The invention of wings is a book and movie. It was released in 1982.
The Last Samurai is starring Yuki Matsuzaki. What else can I answer for you?
I'm not sure about that. I do know that Scarlett Johansson starred in the film. You might like her.
He was also in The Perfect Score.
Yes, Andy Garcia was also in The Other Boleyn Girl and Gone with the Wind.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it.
I liked them better when Jason Witten was playing, but they're still a pretty good team. Are you a fan of the Cowboys?
I haven't seen it, but I've heard it's a great movie.
Yes, it was! Jerry Maguire was also in Ghostbusters I think you might like that one.
I'm also into Thrillers.
He directed the War Film, Battleship. Have you seen it?
It is a War film and Animation. Do you like War films?
You're very welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
Wonder was written by RJ Palacio. Are you familiar with this author?
Yes, Wonder was a book written by R.J. Palacio. Are you interested in hearing about other books by him?
Yes. It was also released in 2014
Wreck-It Ralph was also released that year
Your welcome. Glad i could help.
Bill Murray starred in Zombieland, Wild Things and Tootsie.
I am not sure, but Bill Murray starred in Wild Things 2 which is a great comedy drama.
She wrote The Scarlet Letter. Have you read it?
She has also written The Princess and the Frog.
It is a romantic drama.
It was written in 1850
The Fault in Our Stars is a good one or The Forest House. Have you heard of these?
I know that it was written by Jane Austen and released in 1817.
Pride and Prejudice, Persuasion has genre Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
If you liked romance, you may enjoy Persuasion. Also you might enjoy Persuasion.
You're welcome.
Yes, she starred in things like A Beautiful Mind and the TV show Rhoda.
Tower Heist is a comedy/drama and it was released in 2002.
Tower Heist stars Ray Winstone and he was a political thriller.
Can I help you with anything else?
She wrote оскресение and нна аренина. Have you heard of them?
Yes, most of her books are in English. You might be interested in Russian.
You're welcome!
I've never actually seen it, but I love Orlando Bloom!
He also starred in other Pirates of the Caribbean movies like The Good Doctor and Zulu.
Are you referring to the novel written by Kim Edwards?
I would recommend The Lake of Dreams or The Secrets of a Fire King. Do you like novels?
That's right! Do you like Novels?
Snow Crash is a Speculative Fiction book written by Neal Stephenson. Do you like his books?
Sure! Chris Evans has starred in What's Your Number? a romantic comedy and The Perfect Score.
Sean Connery and Anna Kendrick also starred in the movie. It's a romantic comedy/crime movie.
I don't have that information. However, I can find it interesting to you.
You're welcome.
It was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. If you like the author, you might also like Tender is the Night.
Yes. Ernest Hemingway wrote that as well.
You're welcome
You are welcome
Sure! He is a Swiss professional tennis player. Do you enjoy tennis?
Not really. I don't follow tennis much. But I know he is quite good from Belgium.
Yes, He has competed in the 2012 Olympics.
There is a next in series to it, named Sellevision.
A Wolf at the Table was released in 1981 and is in the English language. Would you like to know more about this book?
I am not sure about that, but it is a sequel.
Enjoy!
I have no idea, can you suggest any?
It's a fictional novel.
Terry Pratchett wrote this one, you should check it out.
Do you like Wes Craven because it is a drama?
He also directed Scream 4, you might like it.
Yes he does, both starred in The Soul to Take. So did Zena Grey.
Glad to help!
Of course. Anne Rice wrote Vittorio the Vampire and Violin.
Perry Bysshe Shelley wrote Frankenstein.
I do not see that information, but it's found under New Tales of the Vampires.
Sure, have you read The Absolute Sandman, Volume One?
There are many great books by Neil Gaiman, including The Graveyard Book and The End of the Affair.
Happy to help!
Lois Lowry wrote the book Ella Enchanted, have you read that?
It's considered a satire.
It was released in 1997.
The Great Gatsby is a timeless classic! Are you interested in movies about war?
Sure, he directed Moon, Warcraft, and Source Code.
Moon starred Jamie Lee Curtis, Scott Bakula, Russell Peters and Cas Anvar.
It's a fantasy film. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes I do the Minnesota Vikings are coached by Mike Zimmer and Leslie Frazier did you know that?
I hope they have a good chance. Do you think it's going to the Super Bowl XI?
I like the Cowboys vs. the Seahawks. do you want to know who owns the team?
I have never been to a game live in person. I wish I could have a good day.
Do you like it because it is an adventure movie or because you are a Harrison Ford fan?
Garry Marshall directed Fog City Mavericks
He also directed The Imitation Game, which is a great movie.
Yes, it is a great drama written by Tony Gilroy
I have not seen the one in Thor, but will have to check it out. He is a great actor.
I have not seen it but I will check it out. Thanks for the info.
Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien? He wrote this book.
Yes, J.R.R. Tolkien also wrote Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth.
by John Lee Hancock?
Daniel Radcliffe starred in Grimms Fairy Tales. Would you like to know more about him?
He was in The People Speak, Push, Nevada. Push, and Push, Nevada.
You're welcome.
Sure, it comes under Fiction and Children's literature, do you like that genre?
I do, did you know that The Titan's Curse is another great one by Rick Riordan.
It's a fantasy, so I would also recommend The Titan's Curse, The Son of Sobek, and The Titan's Curse.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
She is in a movie called Harsh Times, it's an action/drama film that was released in 2012.
The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban is one of her most famous. Have you read either of those?
That's a good one! It stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Matt Damon.
Sure! Are you interested in the writer, Christopher Nolan, or the star, Tom Berenger?
Yes, Christopher Nolan also wrote The Prestige
Sure! For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway. This is a war novel that was released in 1929.
I sure do. He wrote To Have and Have Not and The Sun Also Rises. Are you familiar with those?
Absolutely, enjoy and have a great day!
Yes he starred in Deadpool a comedy and also starred Ryan Reynolds. Do you like his work?
Deadpool also stars Stefan Kapicic and Ed Skrein
Deadpool has genre Comedy
He is a Writer
Yes, he is. He was a speaking of the company's Spirit Soda Company.
Yes, he was a Colombian professional footballer who plays as a forward for French club Paris Saint-Germain
Are you looking for other books by John Green, or other thrillers?
Yes. The Fault in Our Stars is a young adult fiction novel written by John Green. Do you like that author?
Have you read Xenocide or Wolf Brother? They are both dramas.
Yes, it was written by Ernest Hemingway and released in 1920.
Great! You're welcome!
James Franco starred in Palo Alto, Your Highness and Whatever It Takes .
This movie stars Natalie Portman and is a romantic comedy, do you like their movies?
It was released in 2003
You are welcome!
Yes. Amy Tan starred in The Joy Luck Club. She is also a writer and a television producer.
It is classified as a fiction. She also wrote The Bonesetter's Daughter.
Yes, it's similar to Wuthering Heights.
Yes I do. He directed The Apostle. Have you seen that movie?
It starred Harrison Ford and Farrah Fawcett.
I don't have any information on that, but Robert Duvall also starred in it.
I'm not sure about that, but Bruce Willis did star in it.
You're welcome.
Mark Waters directed The Amazing Spider-Man 2, The Amazing Spider-Man 2, and the Incredibles.
Tod Fennell also starred in that one as well as The Dark Knight Rises.
It seems to be a psychological thriller. Would you like to hear more about that?
You are welcome!
Yes, Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to read another one of her b
Sure, she also wrote Sense and Sensibility and Pride and Prejudice.
She wrote White Oleander as well as Paint it Black.
The book was released in 2003 and is a drama. Paint It Black is a novel involving the punk rock scene.
You're welcome.
Akira Kurosawa is a Japanese film director. He directed Seven Samurai. Do you like Indie films?
He starred in Ace Ventura: Pet Detective, and Dumb and Dumber.
Seven Samurai stars Omar Sy, Takashi Shimura, Keiko Tsushima, and Daisuke Kato.
I believe you have a link for that movie.
Me too! J.K. Rowling directed the movie.
Yes, he wrote Les Miserables didn't he?
Yes,that is correct. He also wrote The Family Man
Cool! It was actually made into a movie.
Oh wow, he surely does a lot of things for children
Once Upon a Time in the West is a western film similar to Open Range & Posse.
Shane has starred in many films such as The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas and the Last Samurai
Your welcome
Sure, she wrote Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts. Have you read those yet?
Where the Wild Things Are is a fantasy book you might enjoy.
You're welcome.
Of course! He is a great author! He wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop, to name a few.
Charles Dickens was influenced by A Christmas Carol, Oliver Twist. Does that interest you?
Yes, he did. A Tale of Two Cities was released in 1843. That is a great read.
That's right! I agree that it's a great read.
Enjoy your reading!
He is a basketball athlete who lives in Long Beach, California.
No, I do not watch to watch basketball
I like to watch football. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys
No, I haven't but I hope they have a good season this year.
I have not seen it but I know that it was written by William Nicholson
Yes, he directed Pacific Rim and Pan's Labyrinth. He also directed that movie, too.
No, They're both comic movies. If you like comic movies, you might also like Space Jam.
Atlas Shrugged is written by Leonard Peikoff and Ayn Rand. It's a speculative fiction book. Do you like those genres?
Yes, he wrote We Were Soldiers and Ayn Rand.
The book was released on Ayn Rand the same year.
If I Stay was written by Gayle Forman, and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You can try When You Reach Me or Wicked Lovely
You are most welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
You are welcome.
Mark Osbourne directed Kung Fu Panda. Do you like animated films and shows?
Yes, he was in that too! He's a great actor. Did you know he was also in The Little Prince?
He's been in a number of films including The Kung Fu Panda 2 and the SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
Great! I'll add those to your list.
Sure, do you like the author James Patterson?
Well, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
It is. Other fiction books you may enjoy are; Women in Love, To Your Scattered Bodies Go, and The Sandman: Worlds' End.
You are welcome, enjoy!
They are a really good basketball team, coached by Steve Kerr. Are you a fan?
Not really. I think it's located in Oakland. I actually don't know much about basketball.
I'm not a huge fan of the sport. But I do catch a match here and there.
I like football as well. Who's your favorite team?
Yes, he is a cricket player from India.
Yes. He is a quarterback and has a brother named Brady.
Yes. Bridget Moynahan starred Charlize Theron. She is a talented actress.
Sure, He wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read it?
It's a tragicomedy.
It was released in 1973 and is considered a Tragicomedy. A very good book!
Enjoy!
Did you know that it was written by Tony Gilroy?
Oprah Winfrey, Cicely Tyson and I know it was written by John Scalzi.
It was released in 1995
You're welcome.
Divergent is from the Utopian and Dystopian fiction genre. Would you be interested in other films in that genre?
Then you might enjoy The Hunger Games. The Giver is another young adult film, or The Hunger Games series.
Sure Besides Elle s'appelait Sarah, Tatiana de Rosney wrote Boomerang.
Yes, she did. Boomerang was released in 2009.
I'm not sure, but it looks like she did write Zoe's Tale.
Your welcome.
She wrote the Childrens novel Black Beauty
Anna Sewell was born in 1877. She wrote the series of books.
No problem. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, They are very good. I like their song Almost Is Never Enough featuring Nathan Sykes, the MTV is so sweet.
Yes, he does play the voice of Matthew McConaughey.
I think it was a show as well.
Yes, Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline and was released in 2013. Do you like the author Christina Baker Kline?
No, Orphan Train is historical fiction. Do you like her work?
I really like all the work of Christina Baker Kline. Do you like her work as well?
Glad to help
Do you like the Thriller aspect of it?
Charlie Hunnam stars in this movie.
There's no information on that.
You're welcome.
Yes I do. J.J. Cohen starred in Back to the Future.
Yes, There's Something about Mary is a good one. It was also produced by Robert Zemeckis and is an animation.
Sure! She's a writer, writer, and film producer. She wrote The Shawshank Redemption. Have you seen it?
Yeah, he did. Would you like to know who also starred in The Monuments Men?
Yes, I would recommend Neverwhere by Aidan Turmer.
Yes, Zodiac is considered a thriller and it also stars Dustin Hoffman.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He's a great actor. He starred in Zookeeper and You've Been Warned.
Yes, he does. Do you like any other teams?
Not a huge fan of the New England Patriots. But I do like the Rams.
Hayao Miyazaki directed the movie Nine, which is a fantasy film.
Ponyo starred in a lot of action films. You might also enjoy the Witch of Blackbird Pond.
It was released in 2005 and starred Denis O'Hare and Princess Mononoke. It was released in 2002.
You're welcome!
Matt Damon wrote Good Will Hunting and starred in it. Good Will Hunting was produced by Tony Gilroy
I recommend The Mists of Avalon which is also a mystery, and The Lawnmower Man.
LOL! I'm sure you will love it!
It's a psychological thriller, I think you'll enjoy it!
Sure! I'll play it for you now.
I like him as an athlete. I think he is a quarterback for the New orleans Saints. Do you like him?
I'm not sure if he had a chance to play for the Saints. I know he was originally a member of the NY Giants.
It would be nice if they go, they have a good day.
Sure! Bruce Willis was in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen it?
Great! Have you seen A Good Day to Die Hard? It stars Woody Harrelson, Michelle Pfeiffer and William H. Macy?
Richard E. Grant and Tom Hanks also star in it.
I am not sure about that. I just know that Elisabeth Shue is in a action movie that you might enjoy.
I will do! Enjoy!
You're welcome.
Gran Torino is starring Clint Eastwood and Dreama Walker is an independent film . You may also like another clint East wood film Million dollar Baby
Warm Bodies starred Cory Hardrict and Cory Hardrict.
Dallas Cowboys starred in this movie as well. Do you like his acting?
You are very welcome, please enjoy
I would recommend both Radiance and Warbreaker.
It was released in 2004. It is a romance/comedy book.
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy!
Mandy Moore is a similar movie
One of my favorites is The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen that one?
I can't find any information on that, but if you like Molly Shannon starred in The Daytrippers as well.
The Farthest Shore is a similar book. Are you a fan of fiction novels?
Yes, he wrote The Gate Thief and Xenocide. Do those sound interesting?
Have you read the whole series? Orson Scott Card is a good one.
Great, enjoy!
Sure, he directed the movie Three Kings. Are you a fan of adventure films?
He did star in Three Kings. That is a good movie.
Your welcome.
Anthony Daniels is a director. He starred in The Making of Star Wars with Kenny Baker. Have you seen that?
He has also starred in the Star Wars films as well! Do you like science fiction films?
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome!
Forrest Gump starring Tom Hanks was an awesome movie
No, I do not have any information about any other movies
Your Welcome
I liked A Christmas Carol by Charles Dickens. Did you know that?
He is a great actor. Then you might also like The Life of Bobby Z. Have you seen that one?
Gothic fiction. The Black Cat is a great one. I really like it if you like that genre.
Oh yes. Then you might like The House of Mirth written by Charles Dickens.
I love her.
The only thing I really know about them is that they are one by Jeffrey Lurie.
Yeah, they weredrafted to the New England Patriots.
I didn't know that. I know Philadelphia Eagles wasdrafted too.
I did not know that. I will have to check it out.
Do you enjoy Speculative fiction?
Yes, it is considered speculative fiction. Other examples are The Last Olympian and The Sea of Monsters.
Yes, it is considered children's literature as well. Other books in that genre include The Witch of Blackbird Pond and The Giver.
The are a pretty good team. Do you follow football much?
They played again in the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
It seems to be a lot of fun to watch since they were the runner ups in Super Bowl XLVII.
Sure thing! I know he wrote Troy, which is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Have you heard of X-Men 2 or World Without End? They are both historical films.
It's a great movie. United 93 stars Susan Sarandon and Michelle Pfeiffer.
Sure, enjoy!
Did you like the Sci-Fi aspect of it?
Do you haven't seen it yet?
It's a great movie! It stars Charlize Theron and Tom Hardy.
Oh great! I'll have to watch it again, it's been a long time.
Yes, 50/50 is a Romance movie. A similar movie to 50/50 is the movie Shopgirl. Would you like to know more?
Yes, he was in the Tomatoes which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Thomas Lennon was also in it.
True Believer is another good book, Do you like books by Nicholas Sparks?
Nicholas Sparks is the author of Last Song.
No, it isn't a book that was written by Nicholas Sparks. I'm sorry.
Hes great and has a wonderful wife in Gisele
Well Wildcats was written by John Lennon and is a thriller. I love that movie too.
Yes, you might really enjoy Couples Retreat. I think he is great.
Sure. Are you in to sci-fi movies? The Alien movies were directed by the great James Cameron.
Volcano was a great adventure movie, I also like SpongeBob SquarePants Movie, which is a sci-fi. Do you like those type of movies?
Tommy Lee Jones is a great actor. He also starred in the Science Fiction movie Adventureland. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he was in Dante's Peak too. It's a horror movie too.
Enjoy!
I do. Eric Stoltz was great in that movie. I wonder who wrote it?
William Scott starred in Wreck-it Ralph. Have you seen it?
Great, you may like Shark Night. It stars Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
Oh yes, he is most well known for staring in Star Trek
Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home is a science fiction movie. Would you like more information about the movie?
The Voyage Home starred Jamie Lee Curtis and Walter Koeing. It is a Sci-fi comedy.
You are welcome. Glad to help.
ok
The Avengers is a good one. Have you seen it?
Yes, The Big Hit is starring Jake Gyllenhaal and Heath Ledger. It's a thriller that you might like.
Your welcome.
Cesc Fabregas plays for the Spain national football team. Is he a midfielder?
Oh ok, that's interesting. What is your favorite sport?
I don't know much about him either. I know he was born in Spain.
I don't really follow sports much, did you know Jay-Z owns the team?
I think he was a point guard in the game as well.
Yes, he did
Memento is a thriller. It stars Christopher Nolan and Daniel Day-Lewis. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, William Morgan Sheppard and Christopher Nolan also star in The Prestige.
Yes, I have seen Wild at Heart and Transormers. Do you like thrillers?
Calvin Harris is a well known DJ that has also wrote some songs like We Found Love, and Dance With Me.
Rita Ora is a dance pop artist. She has been influenced by Naomi Watts and Calvin Harris.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Adam Brown starred in the Hobbit series. Are you a fan of fantasy genre films?
He also starred in the Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring and the other Hobbit films.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Certainly!
Great. Glad to be of help
He is a basketball shooting guard, plus he won the NBA sixth Man of the Year Award.
Yes. I think he's really good. Did you know he won the NBA All Rookie Team?
Yes, i believe he is the current coach of the Los Angeles Lakers.
That was a good movie, starring Shia LaBeouf, Robert Baker and Ray Winstone.
Sure, you can watch the Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull
Sure, you can watch the Star Wars Holiday Special
Your welcome
Crescendo is a drama written by Joel Coen. Do you like the genre or the author?
She has also written Silence and Hush, Hush. Have you heard of them?
Great, I hope you enjoy it.
Sure it was written by James Dashner and The Scorch Trials and The Kill Order are similar.
Young adult fiction isn't it, but it is also called The Scort Runner.
OK. They are both young adult fiction.
Why certainly! A few of his films I recommend are Zodiac, The Good Girl, and The Day After Tomorrow. Have you seen any of those?
Perhaps you would like A Christmas Carol, it is a historical drama like Prince of Persia.
He is a great actor. The Day After Tomorrow and End of Watch is a highly recommended movie.
Yes, he directed friends with Benefits. Justin Timberlake starred in it.
Annie stars Tika Sumpter and Thomas Lennon
Jamie Foxx also starred in The Last Samurai and The Green Hornet.
The Notebook was written by Nicholas Sparks who as far as I know, writes nothing but romance novels. Do you like romance?
Yes, He was Message in a Bottle was released in 2001. It's an excellent romance novel.
The Notebook was released in 2016 and the book in English. Two of my favorites areMessage in a Bottle and Dear John.
Memoir is the author of Message in the BFG.
Yes, he did. He also wrote "TheMessage in the Water's Edge" and "The Gathering Storm."
You are very welcome. He has a long list of books that have been made into movies.
Yes, Twilight: The Complete Illustrated Movie Companion is written by Rick Riordan. It is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
No, I haven't read the book but it was written in English.
You are welcome!
Sure, are you interested in other books by the same author, Nicholas Cage?
Chris Bigsby is a great author. He wrote The Crucible. Have you read that?
Yes, you are correct. He also wrote The Crucible.
He also wrote The Crucible, it's a drama and a suspense book. Do you like speculative fiction?
Yes, you're very welcome!
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
They are. They were runner up for Super Bowl XLVIII.
They're on a winning streak right now. They're on a winning streak right now.
You have The Strange Case of Dr. Jackyll and Mr. Hyde. Would you like to know more about this book?
It is written in English and released in 1962
I do. You should check out The Name of the Wind.
You are welcome. Enjoy
Yes I have. I think he is a really good artist. Do you like him?
Yes, Jessica Biel also had a spouse, Jessica Biel.
Yes, it was very funny. I'd recommend it if you like family movies.
Both were written by J. K. Rowling. They were released in 2016. She also wrote a book called The Silkworm.
She also wrote The Silkworm and The Casual Vacancy, among others.
It was released in 2014 and is in the English language. Are you interested in any of her other books in that genre?
Of course, if you like that genre, you might like The Red Pony or The Last Summer (of You and Me). Do those interest you?
Sorry, I don't have that information right now. But, I can tell you that it was made into a movie starring Robert De Niro.
Both were written by J. K. Rowling. They were released in 2016. She also wrote a book called The Silkworm.
She also wrote scenes and movies like Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
I'm not sure but the book is in English.
I'm sorry, I don't have the information for that.
Sorry, I don't show that information. Would you like to hear more about the book?
No problem. Glad I could help.
I do! Total Recall has a genre of thriller and science fiction. Would you like titles related to these genres?
No, he is popular on the France national football team.
I like Basketball a lot. What is your favorite team?
I had never a chance to listen to that show. I love reality TV.
I do. I love the Buffalo Bills.
Yes. I would have to watch The Gordon Ramsey.
Inception starred Tom Hardy, Michael Gaston, Michael Gaston, and Christopher Nolan.
Yes, that's right. Would you like me to add it to your watch list?
Enigma was released in 1985 and it is a drama/thriller.
Will do.
Rob Reiner is an author he wrote This Is Spinal Tap.
I definitely can! He also directed the hit movie This is Spinal Tap.
One of his produced is The Fault in Our Stars.
Your welcome.
Yes. Jamie Ford wrote Songs of Willow Frost. You like her?
They are fiction. I am not sure of the exact date.
Your welcome.
I like her too! She has a lot of great songs, like Spring Breakers and Ramona and Beezus.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You should. She's been in a few things. My favorite is The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
Did you like Michael Parks because he was in a comedy?
They didn't win but they were runner ups in the 1986 & 1975 World Series. Are you a baseball fan?
Baseball is the most popular sport in the American League East. Are you a baseball fan?
It would be considered a baseball team, as well as the Red Sox. My team is the Red Sox. Do you have a favorite team?
I think he is a very talented golfer. What's your opinion
Hi, I am not sure. I know he won the 2012 PGA Championship.
That sounds interesting, what do you think of Phil Mickelson?
Yes. The Hurt Locker is directed by Kathryn Bigelow
Yes he did, he also starred in Thor
Sure. It's a science fiction film written by Kevin Dillon and also stars Jeremy Renner, do you like these actors?
Sure thing. Happy to do it.
I don't know a whole lot but I think they are in the NFL and are owned by Bill Bidwill.
No that is true. They were moved to Arizona from New York City
Not really, but I do like college football.
I don't know a lot about him. Is he a professional footballer?
I understand. I don't know much about soccer, but I'm more of a fan of soccer, what about you?
I don't really know much about soccer, but I'm more of a football fan
I'm sorry i do not know the genre. But it was written in 1985 and written in English.
Another similar book is El amor en los tiempos del cólera.
I'm not sure. However, it was written in English.
Sure. Do you like books written by James Patterson or the genre?
Yes it is and a thriller. It was released in 2012.
Ok, it was written by James Patterson. It is also a fiction novel.
You're welcome!
Yes, its a great movie by Ian McEwan. It was released in 2001.
Yes, I can recommend What's Eating Gilbert Grape and The Wolf of Wall Street. Both are excellent romance films.
Have you heard of Apocalypse Now? It's more of a Tragicomedy.
Yes! He starred in Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow. Have you seen those?
Great, if you like horror films, you might like Shark Night, xXx: State of the Union, or Zodiac, if you're interested.
Sure, some actors in the film are Zombieland, Corey Johnson, and Rosario Dawson.
No problem! Enjoy!
Sure, Snow Flower and the Secret Fan was written by Lisa See and it is an excellent fiction novel released in 2005. Have you read it?
The Sheltering Sky is considered a Historical fiction and Children's literature.
Of course, I think you would enjoy Into the Wild by James Patterson, it's a very good one!
I didn't know that! I've heard that that she's a good athlete that plays Badminton, right?
No, but I believe she was in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Yes it is. It was written by William Shakespeare. If you like his work I can make some recommendations for you.
Yes, it is a great movie. I think you'll really enjoy Romeo and Juliet.
Yes she is. You should check it out.
Sense and Sensibility was written by Jane Austen. Would you like other books by her?
Pride and Prejudice was also written by Jane Austen
I think he's a great singer and actress. Did you know he starred in Desperado!
I think she's married to Monica Kournikova. Do you like her music?
You might enjoy Dance-pop and The Muppets. Have you seen those?
The Aviator is starring Leonardo DiCaprio. Are you a fan of his?
James Franco and Ben Stiller also starred in The Aviator.
He was also in Good Will Hunting. Anything else I can help you with today?
Ok.
He directed the drama known as Summer of Sam. Have you seen it?
Yes, she is also in it. It is a romance film that was released in 2007.
You're welcome!
She wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read either ?
It's a family drama. Do you like those types of books?
I do not know about the Historian. Can I help you with anything else?
Absolutely, I will send it right now
I believe he is an athlete but can't recall what sport he plays. Wait, I think it's Golf.
yes i love golf. what is your favorite sport?
no i didn't know that. who is your favorite tennis player?
I like basketball and baseball. what about you?
i have never been to a professional boxing game. what is your favorite sport?
i have never been to a professional boxing game. what is your favorite sport?
not crazy about them. my team is the steelers. do you like them?
Cam Newton. He is the current coach of the Atlanta Falcons.
My husband is a Patriots fan.
I would recommend Un di Velt Hot Geshvign by Marion Wiesel as well.
I am sorry, I do not have that information on it.
Yes, The Man in Havana was written by Marion Wiesel and was released in 1958. That was the same year The Power of Forgiveness.
Ethan Suplee starred in Vulgar
Not sure. However, Ethan Suplee starred in X-Men 2. He also starred in Clerks.
Yes. William Lee Scott starred in the Butterfly Effect. He also starred in The Final Destination.
No problem.
They work under multiple labels including Warner Music, Universal Music and Republic Records. Do you like these type of music?
Yes, Gwyneth Paltrow did star in that movie.
I have never been touring. Can you tell me who is your favorite singer?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Not too much but they were the runners up in Super Bowl XXXI. You like them?
Yes, it is! But the movie is a lot of fun to watch. Do you like any other teams?
Oh, I didn't know that. I think the team is playing the Titans today.
Oh wow, I didn't know Payton won that one.
Terry George has directed Hotel Rwanda, starring Sophie Okonedo and Joaquin Phoenix. He is quite the director.
That's the only one I know of. He also directed by Frank Herbert.
That movie is listed as a drama, comedy, and adventure.
Your welcome
Sure! Beatrix Potter wrote The Tale of Peter Rabbit.
It was released in 2011. It has a genre of Drama/Fantasy.
It sure does! Beatrix Potter has many talents. He also wrote Rosemary's Baby, Hercules, and Stephen King.
You're welcome.
Sure! It was written by Michel Gondry, and it is a thriller.
He also starred in The Wolverine, which is a science fiction film.
That is a thriller. Is that what you want to know?
It is a romantic comedy. I hope you enjoy it.
That is a romance and it was released in 2010.
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland was written by Tim Burton.
Lewis Carroll wrote The World According to Garp. What else can I do for you today?
Great. Anything else I can help with?
You're welcome
The Incredibles is written by Brad Bird. Brad Bird starred in Ratatouille. What else can I do for you?
The Incredibles was made into a movie. The Road to El Dorado is a great family friendly movie.
William Hurt and Ty Burrell were also in Ratatouille. I think you would enjoy them.
He was a basketball player, who played point guard for the Detroit Pistons
I'm not a big fan, I don't know much about it, is it like a great sport?
I love the New England Patriots!
I like basketball and baseball. What about you?
I'm not a big fan of the WTA, but I do know that they play at Shea Stadium.
I do,a ctually. It's written by Jim Uhls and stars Edward Norton with Brad Pitt. Have you seen it?
I really like when she and Seth Meyers (Late Night with Seth Meyers) went day drinking? Have you seen that clip?
Yeah, I like her too, she is very talented. I also like her in A Walk to Remember. Have you seen it?
Yes, I like her music but I don't listen to that much. I think she is from Houston too, will you like her?
I would prefer Heavy metal and rock, but heavy metal and rock as well.
Sure! Hot Fuzz is a black comedy starring Jim Carrey and Marcia DeBonis. It was released in 1994.
Shooter was written by Stephen Hunter and starring Tate Donovan. Tate Donovan is also in that movie.
In that case, you might enjoy Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee, or Zodiac, a thriller.
Sure, Rum Diary stars Robert Downey Jr and Jake Gyllenhaal
You're welcome
I've not really followed him much in Golf. I do enjoy golf movies more. How about Caddyshack and Happy Gilmore? Hilarious i think.
Did you know he was born in Dallas?
I haven't played any games but I do like golf more. How about Caddyshack and Happy Gilmore? Hilarious i think.
Serenity is starring Anna Kendrick and Robert Pattison.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
You're welcome. Enjoy !
It is both a Sci-Fi and Action Film.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure. Michael Gondy is a director. He directed the movies such as The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas.
Be Kind Remind starred Quinton Aaron, Ben Stiller and Jess Harnell is in that movie as well.
I love them! I especially love Adam Levine. How about you?
I like them too, I like lloyd banks hes a great singer
Okay, I'll have to check them out, thank you for the recommendation.
He is one of the best actor of all time. Did you know he starred in The Wiz?
I didn't know that! She's a talented actress.
That's cool. i'll have to check it out.
He plays on the Argentina national football team
I agree he's a good team. I prefer American football.
I like Manuel Pellegrini, too. I think he's a very good player
Yes, Puss in Boots and Far Far away are like Shrek.
Yes, have you seen This is Spinal Tap?
Sylvester Stallone is one of the stars in this movie.
You're welcome.
Lea Thompson starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wild Life.
Lea Thompson is the main star. Are you a fan of hers?
I am not sure who was in it. I do know Randy Quaid was also in National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation 2. Have you seen that movie?
She is an author that wrote Silence and Hush, Hush
She also wrote Silence and the Half-Blood Prince
Hush hush is generally considered a fantasy novel
You're welcome
I'm not sure who directed it but it was written by Nick Cassavetes
He also wrote, directed and produced the movie Friends with Benefits.
Zoe Lister-Jones, Jr. is also a good actor.
You're welcome!
Gore Verbinski wrote/directed the Family film Rango starring Johnny Depp. do you like Johnny Depp movies?
It is categorized as a drama. It is also a film starring Gil Birmingham.
Yes, Rango is considered an action film. Do you like action films?
Your welcome!
21 Jump St is in the genre adventure. Would you like to hear about other adventure films?
Ride Along is starring Harley Peyton and James Franco.
That is true. Any time.
I'm sorry I don't have any suggestions for comedy movies.
Is there anything in particular you would like to know?
You might also enjoy the Harry Potter series.
The Vampire Chronicles is a great book! It was written by Richard Condon.
Sure, The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins, who also wrote Gregor and the Marks of Secret. Perhaps that would be a good book.
I don't know. But The Passage was written by Suzanne Collins.
No problem!
She is a musician who wrote Mansfield Park. Have you heard of her?
Mansfield Park is a historical fiction. Do you like historical fiction?
Yes, Mansfield Park is considered a romance. Do you like romance books?
Yes the genre is murder mystery. Do you like mystery movies?
Probably. Did you like the movie Murder on the Orient Express because it was a comedy?
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
I believe his genre is more Gothic Fiction but also is considered children's literature.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Les visiteurs and Amélie are good ones. Have you seen these?
Amelie is a horror movie. It also stars Louise Lasser and Joaquin Phoenix.
You're welcome. He also directed A Very Long Engagement and Micmacs.
I do! I love his song Someone Else Calling You Baby. Aren't those good?
Yes, he is. He was born in Leesburg. He's a great singer.
He is with the Beatles and has won a Grammy for Best Original Song.
Great. Have you seen Marlon Brando in the movie The Young Lions?
He also starred in Viva Zapata. The Young Lions is a drama film.
I'd say it's more of a drama, but I'd say it's more of a drama. I'd highly recommend it!
Are you referring to the basketball player?
Yes I am a fan of the Miami Heat. How about you?
Yes, he did
Me too, He won the NBA All-Rookie Team
Mervyn Peake is a artist and author, she wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and was influenced by Michael Moorcock
Yes it was. It was written in 1886.
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Sure, he wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Would you like to know more about that?
Rob Zombie and Zach Gilford starred in it as well.
Yes she was and that was a great movie.
Enjoy!
Drinks are the only two I have by that author.
It is a mystery, did you want to know more about it?
He was a writer and a musician. He was also in The Virgin Suicides and The Day After Tomorrow.
Ok, would you like me to send it to you?
I am not sure Gabourey Sidibe also starred in it. I will send it to you
The sequel to The Dark Knight is Batman Begins.
I would recommend World War Z. It's a really funny and fantasy movie.
The Dark Knight is starring Vin Diesel. It is an action adventure movie.
It is a blockbuster starring Robert De Niro and David Bautista.
I hope you enjoy it.
The complete Anne of green gables, blue castle and the Rilla of Ingleside. Want to know more?
It was released in 1985.
The Witch of Blackbird Pond came out in 1926.
Sure, Christopher Meloni also starred in Wet Hot American Summer. You might enjoy that one too.
You might also enjoy The Warrior's Way, it is a drama.
Robin Williams, and Ethan Hawke are all in it. It's a great movie.
You're welcome!
It was written by Stephen King. Did you know there's a movie based on this book?
Yes, he did. It is a crime fiction film. Did you know that Peter Jackson starred in it?
How about The Mist or The Lawnmower Man? They are both horror.
You're welcome!
He was the composer of Who's That Chick and Where Them Girls At. Have you heard those songs?
No, I am not a fan, but he has a soulful voice. Do you know that he is from France?
I like all of his music. Did you know he is from France?
Oh great. I like him too. He has a nice voice, don't you think?
Sure. The Interview was written by Cyrus Norwrasteh which also directed The Young Messiah.
It's a action film that was released in 2014
Wonderful. have a good day
You're welcome have a great day
It was a great comedy starring Seth Rogan and Katherine Heigl. Do you like comedies?
2011 was the year that released Funny People.
Besides Eminem, Ray Romano also starred in The Wash and Pauly Shore is Dead.
You're welcome.
Paul Pogba is a football player for Manchester United F.C.. I don't believe that.
Yes that is true, they were the runner ups in the 1976 Cup Final.
I do like American football.
I see. I don't know much about Ryan Griggs, but I do know he is a good player.
I'm not a huge fan of him, but I do know he directed The Big Lebowski. Have you watch it?
She Hate Me is a drama and action film. Some of the films include The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo and The Mask.
Yes he did, alongside Jamel Lee.
Sure, she is an actress who starred in the movie The Fault in Our Stars.
I do not have that information but I can tell you she is also a teacher and a scientist.
Yes, he is from the United States.
Yes, she starred in The Lacuna. have you seen it?
It is a historical fiction, similar to The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
It is a science fiction novel released in 1985.
You're welcome.
I think she's a great singer and actress. I love her music. Have you seen her in Camp Rock?
Yes, he did. Larry Crowne was a romantic comedy and Julia Roberts was very funny.
Those are great films. If you like Ashton Kutcher, I think you should also watch Beloved a lot.
Do you like it because of the author Charlaine Harris?
Then I highly recommend Dead to the World. It is a mystery as well.
Sure! It was written by Charlaine Harris and is a thriller. Do you like those types of books?
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like action films?
Skyfall is a action adventure film. It was released in 2012
It stars Denzel Washington and David Koepp
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I don't follow football that much. I do know they are owned by Mike Zimmer and Leslie Frazier.
Oh, I agree, they were runner ups in Super Bowl XIX.
The Steelers have won a lot of superbowls.
Yes, The Usual Suspects is an Adapted form of Hoodwinked.
I like thrillers. Zodiac is another movie by Christopher McQuarrie.
Yes, I have seen that movie. It is a drama.
I do like that genre. Did you know Tom Everett starred in it?
I like alternative rock. I like the Beatles. How about you?
I am not sure about that, but I will check out The Usual Suspects as well.
Yes, it was written by John Green. Are you interested in other Young-adult fiction?
No, I haven't read that. Do you like romance novels?
You are welcome!
Of course! TRON Legacy is an Adventure Film, starring Tom Cruise. Do you like Adventure films?
Olivia Wilde also starred in Year One with Jeff Bridges
Extraordinary Measures is a great one if you like Action Girl
Not a problem
Sure. He directed Teacher Man. Have you seen it?
It's basketball. Do you like basketball?
I can't remember when it was shot there. I think I'll watch the first one, too.
you're welcome!
21 Jump Street stars Channing Tatum and Amanda Seyfried. Would you like to watch that one?
He also starred in Magic Mike.
It came out in 2014
Your welcome.
Are you talking about the book because of the genre? The Wonderful Wizard of Oz was written by Oz.
I love her! She has a lovely voice. Do you know that she is a singer?
Yes, she did a great job on that show. She also starred in Tangled. Would you like to know more about that?
Oh yeah she is. I think she is a great writer as well.
Yes, he came back out in 2016. She's a good one
Great. I hope you like it.
The Hobbit was released in 2001 and was written by James Dashner.
The next book in the series is Lord of the Rings.
Sure, The Rock was released in 1996. Movies similiar to The Rock is Eagle Eye, and Wild side.
Shark Night is a thriller. It stars Kyla Pratt and Joshua Leonard. Do you like them?
Yes, that is correct. I think David Moore was also in Revolutionary Road.
Yes, James Rodriguez is a football/soccer player. He plays midfielder. Do you watch football?
I am not a huge fan of the country but I do know it was coached by Joe Mantegna.
He plays midfielder
The Matrix is a great movie! Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
If you like sci-fi, you might like Zombieland. It is also a sci-fi movie.
You are welcome.
Harold Ramis wrote Groundhog Day which stars Bill Murray, have you seen it?
It stars Micky Ward, Matt Damon and Josh Brolin. Do you like them?
It is a romantic comedy, with some romance in it as well. You should check it out.
Vivica A. Fox and David Carradine were both in Kill Bill Vol. 1 together
The Sky Crawlers was released in 2002. Do you like horror films?
I'm not showing any other actors in the series, but I do know that The Sky Crawlers was directed by Jamie Lee Curtis.
The Great Yokai War starred Charlize Theron, Sophie Okonedo, and Pete Docter. Do you like any of these actors?
Of course. Would you like to know anything else?
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books, would you be interested in other books in the series?
Then I believe you'd love The Wonderful Wizard of Oz. It was also turned into a movie. Have you seen it?
No problem! I hope you enjoy!
I'm a big fan of her. I like Tik Tok and Die Young. How about you?
I haven't heard that one, but I hear a bit about it. Do you like Electronic Dance music?
I didn't know she was born in Nashville, that's where she played. I think she's from a few years ago.
He wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Murder by Death. Would you like more information about this?
Breakfast at Tiffany's stars Emile Hirsch and Marcia DeBonis, did you know that?
Breakfast at Tiffany's has a genre of Historical period drama and comedy. It also stars Ty Burrell and Emilio Estevez
I know he was born in Atlanta but has won a Newbery Medal. Are you a fan of his?
SteveJobs is an actor, director, and producer. Two of the most well-known films he worked on are The Sanders and The Mad Ship.
It's a Romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
He was also in The Devil's Advocate.
I'm sorry I don't have that information either.
He wrote The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary and The Ugly Truth. Have you read these?
The Ugly Truth is a book written by Rick Riordan. Are you into Thrillers?
It was released in 2014
Your Welcome
I'm not a big fan of basketball but I do know he's from Chicago too.
I don't know the name of the point guards. I don't know if he's in a relationship with Jordan.
I've heard of Larry Bird, but I don't know much about it. I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
I've seen them a few times when they've played the Atlanta Braves. Aren't they in the National League too?
Do you know if that is their home venue for the Mets?
I'm a New York Giants fan. But, I like the Red Sox. How about you?
He is a good soccer Player. He plays at Mexico National Football team and Manchester United FC. Do you like soccer?
I agree! He's doing great for the Mexico national football team.
Oh, I like that movie too! It's been a long time since I watched it, but I really like it.
Stephen Sommers wrote Van Helsing a thriller that incorporates the Vampire and Werewolf genre. Is that of interest?
It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure, The Mummy Returns stars Steve Buscemi and is also in the genre of Fantasy. Do you like either of those actors?
Yes, it's an incredible movie. I'm sure you will like it!
Sure, no problem. Enjoy!
Wow, of course. I did not realize it was released in 1996. Do you want something newer and Indie?
I think you might enjoy the Indie Film, How to Train Your Dragon 2. Have you heard of it?
Also in that genre, it is an Indie Film that you might enjoy.
Yes, Rogue Nation is an adventure movie. Would you like to hear about other adventure movies?
You might enjoy "The Last Samurai" or "The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
Pound of Flesh stars William Hurt and Matt Bomer.
I'm always happy to help.
Sure can! I recommend A House of Night Novel by P.C. Cast.
I would consider it to be a young adult fiction. Another book you might like is Xenocide.
It is. I'm not sure what genre it is, but I'm sure you will enjoy it.
You could try Undead and Unwed. It is by Melissa Marr.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway. Would you like more books he wrote?
It is a romance novel.
To Kill a Mockingbird and The Manchurian Candidate might be a good choice.
I hope you enjoy them!
I like them and Tom Brady and Owner Robert Kraft
Not really, I think they're a good team. They're a runner up in Super Bowl XLVII. You think you'd enjoy it.
The wife's name is Marisa Tomlin. I am more of a New England Patriots fan myself.
The Town was written and starred in by Ben Affleck. Are you a fan of his?
Its a great movie. Peter Craig also wrote Fifty Shades of Grey
I do not have that information
Okay. Have fun!
Sure, WALL-E is a great movie. Is it the genre you like?
The Incredibles and Transformers are also great. Have you seen them?
it was a great movie starring Tony Kgoroge and Kevin Zegers.
he also directed A Bug's Life, which was produced by Steven Spielberg.
I think Katy Perry is a great singer and I also like her song Hot n Cold. Are you a fan of hers?
That is a good movie. Did you know she was born in Murfa?
Yes, I'm not a huge fan of Russel Brand. She was one of the best in Zoolander.
Starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn, what do you like about it?
I like him in 10 Days. Would you like to know more about him?
Yes, great movie too. Did you know he is also an actor? He was in There's Something About Mary.
I do! It's a comedy starring Meryl Streep and Emily Blunt. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm sorry, I do not have any information on other movies he was in
I do not think I've seen that one but its a good one
Of course, enjoy!
peter starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
It's a comedy.
Sure. Some other great Fantasy movies are: The Chronicles of Narnia, The Lion, The Witch, and The Wardrobe.
The main lead in the film is Jennifer Lawrence, Josh Hutcherson and LIam Hemsworth
I hope you enjoy the films.
Thomas E Connolly starred in The Station Agent and The Colditz Story. Do you like science fiction movies?
The Scarlet Letter was written by Thomas E. Connolly and was released in 1850.
You're welcome.
Into the Wild is written and directed by Sean Penn. Do you like Sean Penn?
Yes, he is considered a writer and an Actor. He also wrote The Tree of Life and Into the Wild.
No problem!
A wonderful movie. It stars Johnny Depp and David Kelly.
The Rum Diary is a good one, as is Charlie and the Chocolate Factory. Have you seen it?
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
Robin Hobb wrote The Dragon Keeper, Ship of Magic and Ship of Destiny, which are similar.
Robin Hobb wrote The Dragon Keeper, Ship of Magic and Ship of Magic.
Ship of Magic is written by Christopher Paolini, who also wrote Winter of the World.
You are welcome!
Yes. oscar Wilde wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Importance of Being Earnest. Have you read either of these?
Yes, it is. I would recommend World Without End, Wolf Brother and When You Reach Me. They're all great.
I know it was released in 1960.
Great!
Throne of Glass is written by Sarah J Maas. It was released in 2012. If you like that book, you might also enjoy The Assassin and the Desert.
Yes, it was released in 2014. Sarah J Maas starred in The Assassin's Blade and Queen of Shadows.
Sure, there is The Assassin's Blade and the Underworld. Have you seen those?
No problem! Enjoy!
Sure, Jennifer Ehle starred in Zero Dark Thirty and the Lord of the Rings. Have you seen those?
No, it was written by Mark Boal, who also wrote The Hurt Locker.
I agree. Jessica Chastain was also in The Campaign which is another great movie.
I think he is one of the best players on the Colombia national football team.
I don't know much about him either. I think he plays for the Colombia national football team.
Ah, yes she is from Columbia. My favorite team is the Redskins. Do you follow football?
Sure, do you like the starring Roald Dahl or the genre?
He also wrote James and the Giant Peach.
You're welcome!
My favorite team is the Redskins. Do you have a favorite team?
I like the Denver Broncos. I also like football. Do you?
They are a football team - like the 49ers.
I enjoy watching Paul Pogba. I think he is very talented. Did you know he plays for the London 2012 Summer Olympics?
I like football and baseball. What about you?
Yes, Alex Ferguson was a great coach. I think he's from Nashville, too.
Stephen Covey wrote this book, it is a self help selection about success. DO you want books by this author?
THe Cuckoo's Calling and The Pledge too. Have you heard of any of these?
That's the only publication I can find from this year.
Thank you for the recommendation. Hope you enjoy!
Sure! It was written by Guillermo del Toro, and is a fantasy-action movie. Do you like the genre or the actors?
Yes the Choocolate Factory is a family genre movie and it is a mystery. Do you like those types of movies?
Have you seen the other Pirates of the Caribbean movies?
Have you seen the Pirates of the Caribbean: At the Water's Edge?
Yes, that was written by Lawrence Hauben starring Scatman Crothers. It is a Drama released in 1975.
Great! Milo Forman directed and wrote This is the End. Anything else I can help you with today?
That is a great one. Then you might like War of the Worlds then.
Well, if you like those, you should check out The House of Mirth.
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. Lauren Oliver wrote To Rome with Love. To Rome with Love is one of my favorites. What else can I answer for you?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
No problem. Enjoy!
Paul McCartney! He wrote Yellow Submarine.
That is true. Did you know that he also plays the piano?
Yes, he is also a musician like the Velvet Underground.
I believe he plays for the Boston Celtics.
Oh wow! That's very cool. What a title to win!
Yes, I believe he was from Australia.
Stuck on You is a great movie similar to The Island.
He also directed Cloverfield, which is a sci-fi movie.
It's a good movie. It stars Jason Bateman and Liam Neeson to name a few.
Glad to be of assistance
I love him in the action movie Harsh Times. Have you seen that one?
Yes, did you know he also starred in National Treasure?
The Prestige stars Hugh Jackman, Christian Bale, Kurt Russell and Christian Bale. Are you a fan of any of these actors?
You're welcome.
Yes,It was written by Rick Riordan and it starred Tom Hanks. Would you like to know more about this movie?
Sure,it was written by Frank Beddor
your welcome
He is a professional footballer player. He plays as a forward for Barcelona and the Brazil national football team.
Yes, football is the best sport in the world.
I like the Dallas Cowboys, what about you?
Sean Barrett wrote Xenocide. Are you a fan of speculative fiction?
Yes it is in English. Have you read it?
Do you know if I can help you with anything else?
thank you enjoy it.
I am not a huge basketball fan but I do know they are owned by Leslie Alexander. Are you a fan?
I like basketball, but I'm a fan of the Miami Heat. What about yours?
I don't know much about them unless I'm a fan of the Buffalo Bills.
I see he wrote Candide.
I don't have that information but it was released in 1726.
I have several satire books. Which genre are you interested in?
You're welcome!
Sure, Winnie the Pooh was written by A.A. Milne. Would you like to hear more?
He also wrote the Tao of Pooh. Think you might like that one too.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about him except that he's a soccer midfielder. Do you like him?
Yes, he plays for Liverpool and is from Honolulu.
Oh yeah thats where the New Jersey Devils play.
They have a coach named Jose Mourinho.
I believe he played for Manchester United F.C..
Occasionally, yes. Football is my favorite. Who is yours?
This book is part of a series. the Dvergent Trilogy
You might enjoy The Looking Glass Wars or The Golden Compass.
No problem! Anything else you would like to know?
Pulp Fiction is a crime fiction. Would you be interested in some of the genres?
Yes, John Travolta also starred in Resident Evil. Do you like that genre?
Sure. Enjoy!
Yes, he is a soccer player for Real Madrid and Fluminense FC. Do you like soccer?
I believe it is a paranormal romance.
Yes, he wrote Where the Wild Things Are.
I'm not sure.
The version was released in Spanish.
No problem
Yes, I am a baseball fan. My favorite team is the Red Sox. How about you?
They have a good year, but they haven't won a super bowl since 1986. Are you a fan of the Mets?
Yea, I believe the Mets are one of the best teams in the American Football Conference.
I think they are a pretty good team. Do you follow football much?
Marcus Mariota is a killer, isn't he?
No, I don't really follow any sports. What is your favorite player?
Sure, it was written by Saulius Dagys.
Yes, I do. She wrote The Scarlatti Inheritance and The Phantom Tollbooth. Have you read them?
Trace is written by Michael Connelly. It's a speculative fiction.
That's a great movie. I recommend it for you.
Yes he is! Do you like crime fiction?
Sure this was released in 1891 and Influenced By Thomas Gray. Would you like to stay with the same author?
Thomas Hardy also wrote D'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
It was released in 1891.
It was released in 1891.
He was in Animal Kingdom: Let's go Ape.
Hugh Jackman starred in it. He was also in She Hate Me.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Les visiteurs and Amélie are good ones. Have you seen these?
Valérie Lemercier and Christian Clavier are the main stars. It's a Sci-Fi/Horror.
Yes, it is in the English film.
You're welcome! Enjoy.
I know he's won the 2012 PGA Championship. Who does he play for?
Oh yes, I believe he was from Ireland. Irish is such a fun place to visit. Did you know he was there?
Yup, they are all from Ireland. I love their music.
Yeah, Tron: Legacy is starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more about Tom Cruise?
It is an action movie.
Well, there is also the sequel to The Island of Dr. Moreau, which is also an action movie.
Great, glad I could help!
District 9 was written by Terri Tatchell and Neill Blomkamp, and starred Sharlto Copley.
The Neon Demon is a great movie. I bet you would like it.
The Neon Demon stars Bruce Willis and Danny DeVito. It's a thriller.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I do! She sung A Thousand Years and Lovestrong right?
Yes, she did a great job. I wonder if she's from Philadelphia?
I like both of them.
Definitely! It's new!
Sure. That was written by Diana Gabaldon. It is also a romance novel, is that a genre of interest?
Sure, I can recommend Zoe's Tale, Xenocide, and Wyrd Sisters. They are all historical fiction novels.
Sure! He also wrote A Christmas Carol and The House of Mirth. They are both fantasy novels.
You're welcome!
Todd Phillips wrote The Hangover Part II and Old School, do you enjoy comedy movies?
Also written by Todd Phillips, Todd Phillips wrote Old School, which is a Comedy.
Old School is a comedy.
I'd love to! He plays for the Golden State Warriors. He is a great player.
I have never read it. But since Hans Christian Andersen is one of the stars in it, Is that the one you were talking about?
I haven't read it but I have heard of it. Hans Christian Andersen also wrote The Nightingale. He also wrote The Nightingale. Have you read that one?
Yes she did! Winter Garden was released in 2014. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No problem! Enjoy!
I'm not sure he wrote II Principe didn't he?
He wrote it in English and Spanish. It is a good book.
Would you like to know more about these books?
There are many. Which genre do you like?
Pete Docter directed Up and also directed Monsters, Inc. Does that sound interesting to you?
I don't know what else she wrote, but she did write the comedy Girl, Interrupted.
It is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I also like Walt Disney Movies. Have you seen that one?
You're Welcome!
Steve McQueen is one of their major players though
Stanley Kubrick was the runner up
I don't have information about Hardaway but I can tell you that he was a professional basketball player as well
I like Renaldo Balkman too, he is a great player
The Gunslinger was written by Stephen King and released in 1982. Would you like more books by that author?
It was released in 2008.
You're welcome.
Shaft and Maximum Risk are excellent movies starring Zach Grenier from Fight Club.
Zodiac is a thriller, do you like that genre? It stars Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
I'm not sure of the producer. It is a production by Jeffrey Eugenides
The Cleveland Browns are fourth in the AFC North division for the 2018 season. I think their owner Randy Lerner would be happier with a better place.
I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. What do you think of the Saints do you like?
What is your favorite team? I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan.
I was not a big fan of the Browns.
He wrote 1Q84 Books 1-2. He researched Japanese studies.
I don't know but he wrote  [Z no shmetsu]
This book is in the genre Thriller and was released in 2014
Yes he also wrote  [Z no shmetsu]
You're Welcome
Oh yes, It was written by Saulius Dagys.
I believe it is a memoir.
Sure. Saulius Dagys also wrote The Last Summer (of you and me). Does this help?
You are welcome.
Yes, I can. Lester Speight starred in that as well as Kevin Dunn. It is a Action/Adventure movie.
Predator is also a Sci-Fi movie. Would you like to watch that one?
Avengers: Age of Ultron and K-PAX are the next movie in this series
Insurgent was written by Veronica Roth and stars Samuel L. Jackson.
Enjoy!
I think it was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995. Do you like the book because of its story line?
He also wrote The Honk and Holler Opening Soon. Have you heard of this one?
He also wrote The Crucible. Have you read it?
Ok. Good luck with your reading!
Nathan Lane starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen it?
Are you interested in any other movies that he starred in?
Yes. Sex also starred in The Handmaid's Tale, which is a great movie!
Yes! She was! She was also in Toy Story 3.
William Hurt was also in The People Speak, which is a romantic comedy.
Sure! F. Murray Abraham starred in Thir13en Ghosts, The Grand Budapest Hotel and The Bridge of San Luis Rey, have you seen any of these?
Sure! Scarface is a thriller. He also starred in The Big Lebowski which is a psychological thriller.
I cannot find a science fiction movie.
Well it was directed by Chris Hemsworth, and stars Scarlett Johansson, Robert Downey Jr.. Do you like his work?
I am not sure, but it was released in 2014.
Your welcome. Hope you enjoy
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
I like soccer and football. What's your favorite team?
Oh no, my favorite team is the Washington Redskins. What is yours?
I don't really follow them that much but I do know they are coached by John Fox.
Do you follow any other teams in the afc south?
I like the Steelers and the Chargers.
If you like Outlander, you should. It is a science fiction piece written by Charles Dickens.
If you like Outlander, you might also enjoy The Scottish Prisoner or The Fiery Cross. They are both great Sci-Fi books.
Xeneo DiCaprio is the first sci-fi movie Outlander. Another great sci-fi movie this year is The Lion, The Witch and the Wardrobe.
You're welcome!
I know that it was written by Harper Lee but I never read the book yet.
Then you'll like this book. It was written by Harper Lee
Kung Fu Panda is a great book written by the same author.
You're welcome
The coach is Lousi van Gall but thats really all i know. Do you like him>
Well, I know he's a German football player and was born in Munich. Are you a fan?
I believe he is a musician, actor and athlete.
Sure, One for the Money is a science fiction book written by Kirsten Smith. Do you like crime fiction?
That was written by Meg Cabot. Have you heard of him?
Yes, it was. Stephenie Meyer also wrote The Chemist, Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants and The Chemist.
Yes, she is a great writer. She also wrote The Chemist.
You are welcome!
Inside Out is a Thriller starring Seth Rogen. It's a great movie.
She was also in Wreck-It Ralph, which is an animated film!
This is the End is a comedy-drama. It's very funny.
Great, I hope you like it!
Great, have a wonderful day!
Well, he starred in I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With, which also starred Amy Sedaris. It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Yes she did . She also starred in a TV show called Women in Love.
She has starred in What Women Want also starring Sarah Silverman. It is a Science Fiction Comedy.
Sure! Ron Howard directed The Missing. He also starred in A Beautiful Mind. Have you seen these?
Have you seen A Beautiful Mind, written by Vince Flynn?
He also produced A Beautiful Mind which was a biography you might like.
Well, it seems he did. He also directed Escape from New York, which was a very good movie.
Mr & Mrs Smith is written by Simon Kinberg and stars Vince Vaughn and Stephanie March. Are you interested in movies with those actors or writer ?
Be sure to check out Troy and The Tree of Life. It also stars Orlando Bloom
Sure! Donnie Darko is a Thriller written by Richard Kelly. The movie stars Seth Rogen. Do you like Thriller movies?
Yes, he did write the Box as well. It was released in 2001.
Yes, The Box is a Thriller. You might also like Shark Night.
You may also enjoy The Golden Compass starring Ian McKellen.
You're welcome. Enjoy.
Yes, I can.Throne of Glass is written by Rick Riordan. Other books in the same genre are The Assassin and the Desert.
The Assassin's Blade is the genre Drama.
I can recommend The Assassin's Blade.
Sure. Do you like thrillers? If so, you might like Shark Night.
Sure. The movie is based on a book by Hayao Miyazaki. Hayao Miyazaki also stars in it.
Enjoy!
Certainly, Beatrice Sparks wrote Go Ask Alice.
It definitely is. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome. And you're welcome.
Sure! Do you enjoy movies with Sandra Bullock in it or rom-com in general?
She has been in a number of movies. You should check out Toy Story if you haven't seen it.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Enjoy
Yes. I like Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he wrote Will Grayson, The Fault in Our Stars, and Looking for Alaska. Are you familiar with these titles?
It's a fiction book.
You're welcome
If you like Outlander, you might also like The Name of the Wind.
That was released in 2013.
It's a fantasy novel.
Eleanor & Park is a great book by Rainbow Rowell. Are you interested in hearing abiout similar books?
Yes, she also wrote My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories.
The Young Adult Fiction is a romance story
Your welcome
Yes, he wrote Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Yes, he is! He was also in this movie. If you like his acting, you might also like The Wreck It Ralph.
There's Wreck-it Ralph produced by John C.Reilly. He also directed it.
I do! She's a Danish tennis player and was a former world No 1 in singles. She's a fantastic player
I like Serena better than Venus. Venus has had a long and profitable career but not as successful as Venus.
I'm pretty sure it is a comedy.
Sure! Zach Snyder directed The Skulls. Have you seen that one?
I don't have that information, but I do know it was written by Stephen McEwan and Stephen McHattie, who also starred in Sucker Punch.
Sure, it is a comedy or a thriller, but it is more of a thriller, suspense.
You might like The Manchurian Candidate or The Manchurian Candidate more. Both are good comedy.
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing. It was good.
Ok, then you'll like The Golden Compass, starring Katharine McPhee.
Yes, it's a series. It's part of the Gemma Doyle series. But it's next in the series is called The Golden Compass.
Sure, I'd recommend The Golden Compass or The Fall if you haven't read those two yet.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
Rebecca was written by Sally Beauman.
It's a mystery, written by Daphne du Maurier.
No. I do not know who starred in My Cousin Rachel.
No problem. I hope you enjoy it.
I really don't like them. It's my least favorite team in the AFC West, and I hate their mascot Miles.
Case Keenum was a Denver Broncos owner of the XXVIII. Do you like him?
James Franco is their coach. Do you like football?
What sports do you enjoy?
He's a great player. What is your favorite team?
Yes! He is one of the most important player in Spain and in the Barcelona F.C.
I am not sure, but I know he plays forward.
That's right. They are the home venue for the Renaissance World.
Wrinkle in Time is a Science Fiction book written by Madeleine L'Engle. She also wrote The Jungle Book. Have you read it before?
It is also a Fantasy book. Do you like Fantasy?
Great, another science fiction book that is similar is The Time Machine.
You are correct! It was also written by Robert O'Brien.
I do! I like his song Marry You. Do you have a favorite song of his?
One of my favorites is What I Like About You. Have you seen that one?
Yes. I haven't heard that one yet, but I will definitely check it out.
You might enjoy The Phantom Tollbooth. It is a speculative fiction novel and was co-written by George Spafford. Have you read this one yet?
It's a fantasy book and The Phantom Tollbooth is the sequel to The Phantom Tollbooth.
Great! Would you like to know anything else about the book?
Great, have a nice day!
Well, I know he was a Heisman Trophy winner in the past and he is a popular quarterback these days.
The Wildcats are a professional American football team based in Chicago, Illinois
Harrelson is great in it!
Sure, Jean-Pierre Jeunet wrote Micmacs. He also wrote A Very Long Engagement and Micmacs.
Micmacs is a French Crime Fiction. It is also a film.
Christopher Lee and Charlie Hunnam. I'm sure you will like it.
Welcome
13 Reasons Why was written by Jay Asher and it's in the genre of young adult fiction.
Well, if you like young-adult fiction, you might also enjoy The Future of Us.
No, I haven't read them, but they are definitely good.
It was released in 2007. I think he will enjoy it.
It's an autobiographical novel by Emma Stone. Does that interest you?
Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility are top reads by her.
I don't actually know when she was published. Sorry.
Ok, enjoy!
Sure! He wrote Michael Clayton. It starred George Clooney. Do you like that film?
You might like Zodiac or Yesterday Was A Lie. They are all mystery movies.
The Red Violin was released in 1987 and is a mystery-drama. Do you like that genre?
I hope you enjoy it!
