Do you like the movie because it is a thriller?
The movie was fantastic! If you like action films, you'll enjoy The Incredibles.
Yes, Death Wish is a thriller and suspense movie. Do you like those genres?
Yes, The Hitman's Bodyguard is considered a action movie as well. Another action movie that you might like is Zoe's Tale.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans and The Light Between Oceans
She wrote The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian. Have you heard of it?
I believe it was released in 2012
You're welcome
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on the movie but There's Something About Mary stars Robin Wright and was written by Bobby Farrelly
She's been in a number of films including Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, There's Something About Mary, and The Polar Express.
I don't know. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Just Listen is written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her work?
no i am not sure but she wrote Till We Have Faces, have you read it?
no, she did. This book was also turned into a film. Have you seen it?
you are welcome have a great day.
Don Cheadle starred in The Guard. Have you seen it?
It's considered Crime Fiction and Action Film. Do you like those genres?
Yes, It stars Don Cheadle, Don Cheadle, and Gwyneth Paltrow. Have you seen it?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
He plays cricket and was recently named Cricketer of the Year.
He is on the Kolkata Knight Riders. Do you like cricket?
I don't have any information on the players on the team, but I do know Toni Kroos is a midfielder on the team, have you heard of him?
Yes, he directed Zero Dark Thirty. Have you seen it yet?
Yes, it was written by Jennifer Crusie. Do you like her work?
You're welcome!
Absolutely!
I think he is a very good basketball player but I'm not a fan of his.
Not really, I think he is a good basketball player. What sport do you like?
I don't have a favorite, but I've heard a lot about Basketball. What sport do you like?
I see. I'll have to check him out some time.
I don't really know any individual cricketers, but I heard Dimitar Berats is a great player.
Hot Fuzz is a black comedy starring Jim Carrey.
Yes, you are correct. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
It was released in 2011.
You're very welcome!
Frank Finlay starred in Zookeeper and The King's Speech. Are you looking for a specific genre?
He's in a lot of Romance genres including X-Men Apocalypse, X-Men Apocalypse and The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. Have you seen any of those?
You're very welcome!
The Game is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, I do. I also like thrillers like Full Metal Jacket. Have you seen it?
I hope you enjoy it!
Will do.
Certainly, enjoy!
I do not know if he directed, but he directed 3 Days to Kill. Have you seen it?
It was written by Meg Cabot. Would you like to hear more about this?
I don't know, but I do know that Scarlett Johansson starred in this movie.
If you like horror films, you might like To Kill a Mockingbird.
I don't know if it is a Crime Fiction Film, but it was released in 1994.
You're welcome.
It was written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
It was also written by Laura Esquivel, I hope you enjoy it!
You're very welcome!
William Directed The Hunted, The Return of the King, and many more. Have you seen any of these movies?
The Hunted is considered a Romance film. Do you like Romance films?
The Devil and Father Amorth stars Tom Hanks and Rip Torn. It's a horror film.
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you be interested in other books by him?
You might like the Voyage of the Dawn Treader. It is also a fiction book.
The Surgeon was written byurgeon Seth Rogen who also wrote The Paper Towns. Have you heard of it?
The clockwork princess is a great book. Do you like the movie because it is a Romance?
Yes, she has. She also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Ashes; City of Ashes; City of Glass.
Sure thing! I hope you enjoy it!
You're very welcome!
I'm sorry, I don't know who starred in Unforgiven, but I do know it was written by George Clooney.
I'm not sure, but Morgan Freeman starred in The Civil War and The Lost Symbol.
I haven't seen them yet, but I haven't seen the first one yet.
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Hunger Games. Have you seen it?
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Hunger Games Triology, have you seen it?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
She starred in Who's That Girl and Swept away. What is your favorite song?
I'm not sure if she's done anything else, but Madonna did star in The Pop Diary that she starred in.
I don't think so, but I see him listed as a director, producer and director. Did you know he produced the TV show Snatch?
Isn't he an athlete on the India national cricket team?
Yes he did and he was also in Chennai Super Kings. Do you like cricket?
You are welcome!
Amy Poehler wrote Yes Please have you read this book?
i'm sorry i do not have any information on what else she wrote. what else can i do for you today?
Lorne Michaels starred in Mean Girls. what else can i do for you today?
Tina Fey has written Tina Fey. what else can i do for you today?
Is that a soccer team?
I don't know too much about it but I heard Dodger Stadium is good.
You're welcome!
Jonathan Levine directed The Matrix Revolutions, a drama film. Do you like drama?
It's a great one. Jane Adams also stars in X-Men Apocalypse which is a drama. Do you like drama?
Yes it was released in 2012
Your welcome
Sure! He starred in Taken 2 and Taken 2. Have you seen those?
Liam Neeson starred in Taken 2 and Taken 3. Do you like Liam Neeson?
Yes, Taken 2 stars Sam Worthington and Lukas Haas.
Enjoy!
I don't know too much about Green Bay Packers but I think they are having a good season. Are you a Packers fan?
I think Mike McCarthy has done a lot of work this year. But he's doing a great job.
I agree! Aaron Rodgers has been quite impressive.
Iron Man 2 or anything written by Stan Lee like the Avengers.
Yes, Peter Gallagher starred in The Man in the Iron Mask. It's a drama. Do you like drama?
Did you know that Tate Donovan starred in The O.C., While You Were Sleeping? He is a great actor.
George Clooney and George Clooney were both in The O.C.. Is he a great actor?
Glad to be of help
That was written by Dean Koontz who also wrote The Watchers.
I'm not sure who wrote it, but Odd Thomas was written by George R.R. Martin.
Jonathan Kellerman also wrote The Dictator and The Lady in the Water.
Treasure Island was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Do you like his work?
Treasure Island is speculative fiction and science fiction. Do you like those genres?
You are welcome
I'm not really a fan of her music but I think she is a great singer.
I haven't heard much of her music but I do like dance pop music. Are you familiar with Nicki Minaj?
Certainly! Have you heard of Nicki Minaj, do you like Nicki Minaj?
Sure! Something Borrowed has genre Speculative fiction, fantasy, and romance. Do you like those genres?
Yes it was. Would you like me to add it to your reading list?
I like thrillers like Shark Night and xXx State of the Union. Have you seen those?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Judd Apatow wrote the comedy film Knocked Up. Do you like comedies?
Groundhog Day is produced by Russell Crowe and produced by Russell Crowe.
I don't think so, he starred in Ghostbusters.
I don't think so, he directed Year One. He also directed The Rock, and The Avengers.
Groundhog Day is a comedy-drama film. It was released in 1994.
He wrote Year One. It's a comedy-drama
You're welcome.
I know he's a composer and song writer. Do you like his work?
The Disco is a Rhythm and Blues
hmm, i have never heard of them
I see, do you know if he is a good person?
I'm not too sure about Mary, but There's Something About Mary is written by Bobby Farrelly.
I agree! Did you know that Peter Farrelly also wrote There's Something About Mary?
I'm not sure about it but it is written by Peter Farrelly and starring Tom Hanks.
She wrote Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
The books briefly are historical fiction and historical fiction genres. Do you like those genres?
You're very welcome!
Great! Have a great day.
George Orwell wrote it and released it in 1945. Do you like books by George Orwell?
He also wrote Nineteen Eighty-Four. Have you heard of this one?
Yes, she is a wonderful author. She wrote The Color Purple and The Temple of My Familiar. Have you read either of those?
Temple of My Familiar was released in 1993
Temple of My Familiar has genre Drama
You are welcome
Oldboy is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
You might like X-Men 2 or X-Men 2. They are both in the mystery genre.
I don't know who Lady Vengeance is starring in it but Lady Vengeance is a comedy/drama.
Sorry, I don't have any information on any other movies she stars in. Sorry.
You're very welcome!
The Ice Storm is a good one, have you heard of it ?
He produced The Ice Storm and The Prisoner of Azkaban. Have you seen them?
Woody Allen wrote To Rome with Love. To Rome with Love is starring Tom Hanks.
I don't know about Zsa Zsa Gabor, but Woody Allen also wrote The Incredible Hulk. Have you seen it?
It's a crime fiction novel. Do you like those types of books?
Jurassic Park is written by Steven Spielberg, do you like his work?
Yes there was! Jurassic Park is a horror film.
Yes, he did. Colin Tervorrow directed Jurassic World.
I don't know much about him other than he plays golf. Do you like him?
I don't know much about Rickie Fowler, is he a golfer?
Is that the movie written by Adam Sandler right?
Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien? He wrote The Lord of the Rings.
The Golden Compass written by Chris Weitz is a fantasy adventure book.
Yes, there are many. The Silmarillion is written by J.R.R. Tolkien.
Wes Craven wrote My Soul to Take which is starring Kevin Spacey.
Yes, My Soul to Take is also a Horror Thriller. Is that the genre you are looking for?
I do as well! Is there anything else I can help with?
The Lost World: Jurassic Park stars Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
Have you seen Ocean's Thirteen? That's a good adventure film.
If you like X-Men, you might also like The Revenant or The Amazing Spider-Man 2.
Bob Peck starred in Jurassic Park and Jurassic Park. Have you seen either of those?
Bob Peck is American. He was born in Murrieta.
Joss Ackland also starred in the Romance film Joss Ackland. Have you seen it?
It's considered a historical period drama.
You're welcome.
I think he's a great quarterback, but I don't know much about him. What do you think?
I didn't see that one. I think Meryl Stuck on You is a great movie.
He also starred in The Devil Wears Prada, have you seen that one?
I do! I really liked Die Hard with a Vengeance. It was written by Bruce Willis. It's a great crime fiction thriller.
Me too! He also starred in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen it?
Yes he did. Roderick Thorp also wrote Die Hard with a Vengeance.
I think you would enjoy them too!
Alien is written by Ronald Shusett. Have you seen it?
I can definitely recommend horror movies. It came out in 2010 and stars Steve Buscemi and Scarlett Johansson.
I don't know much about Bats, but I do know that it was released in 1988. It's considered a horror film.
You're very welcome!
Sure! David Lynch directed The Terminator. It's a Thriller/Drama movie. Have you seen it?
Have you seen The Witch of Blackbird Pond? It's a great sci-fi movie.
Yes he did, he also starred in The Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen it?
I'll do that right away!
Alice Braga starred in The Rite and Repo Men
Repo Men is written by Michael Braga. Do you like his work?
Eric Garcia also wrote The Martian, which is a drama.
Sure! Brett Helquist wrote The Vile Village, The Slippery Slope, and The Reptile Room. Have you read any of these?
Sure, The End is a Fantasy/Comedy novel by Brett Helquist, released in 1982
Sure, it was released in 2014, the same year as The Vile Village
I do, did you know he dated or dated Hayden Panettiere?
Yes he does, he also has a son named Durant.
No I have not, but I will have to check it out. Thanks for the info!
I will send you a link now!
Noah Emmerich starred in Windtalkers and Tumbleweeds. Have you seen them?
If you like Windtalkers, you might like The Manchurian Candidate or The Manchurian Candidate. They are both dramas.
I'm not sure who stars in Windtalkers, but I think you might like it too. It's a drama. It was written by Peter Hyams.
I'm glad I could help.
He's one of the best soccer players in the world and plays for FC Barcelona, right?
I don't play much football, I prefer American football. How about you?
I agree. Anything else I can help you with?
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban wrote the book The Death Cured Child
Jack Thorne has also starred in Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
I don't know too much about them. I'm a a fan of the Kansas City Chiefs.
Yes, they play Wolf Brother. Is that something you'd like?
They're in the AFC West division. Did you know they were coached by John Fox and a part of the team?
Sure! Eoin Colfer wrote The Phantom. It is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it was released in 2008
Yes it was released in 2008
I do, did you know he is friends with Selena Gomez?
I like Indie rock. what about you?
I don't know if he starred in anything else, he starred in The Giver, what kind of music do you like?
You're welcome!
Kyrie Irving is a professional basketball player who plays as a point guard for the Boston Celtics.
I don't know much about basketball but I do know they play in the Celtics. They are part of the NBA as well.
Yesterday was the finals game against the Celtics, did you know that?
Yes, Christopher Nolan also directed The Dark Knight Rises, Batman Begins, and many more. Have you seen any of these?
Yes, Fyodor Dostoyevsky wrote Pnin and Pale Fire, have you read those?
Yes, it was written in English.
It was released in 1866, the same year as The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
You are very welcome, enjoy!
The Oz books written by Diana Gabaldon, are you interested in other books by this author?
I'd recommend The Wonderful Wizard of Oz, it's part of the series. It's part of the Marvel comics.
I would recommend The Hunger Games and The Giver. Have you read either of those?
You're very welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he is a midfielder for the Germany national football team.
I don't know if he has a relation to Marco Reus.
Yes, he is also a famous athlete.
I've never seen it, but I love Leonardo DiCaprio. Have you seen it?
I can tell you that A Corn of Thorns and Roses is written by James Patterson. Would you like to know more about this book?
Sarah J. Maas wrote a few books called A Corn of Thorns and Roses. Would you be interested in more of her books?
I would recommend Witches Abroad, if you haven't read it.
You're welcome!
James Cameron directed True Lies, which is a Sci-Fi/Action film.
Yes, it stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet, it is a Romance film.
Titanic came out in 2012 and also stars Leonardo DiCaprio
You're welcome
I do! Madame Bovary is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You might also enjoy Percy Jackson or The Fountains of Paradise. Have you read those?
Yes, Voyager is considered a romance novel.
She wrote The Hunger Games and The Giver. Have you read either of those?
I like Serena Williams too. What do you think of her?
Did you know he played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics?
I didn't know that!
She is a Korean professional Golfer born in Honolulu.
Did you know she was born in Honolulu. Did you know she was born in Hawaii?
I agree! I really enjoyed her last time in LPGA.
She wrote The One Plus One and The One Plus One. Have you read either of those?
Reflected in You and One With You is a Thriller, have you read that?
I am not sure, but I can tell you that Sylvia Day also wrote Seven Years to Sin. Have you read that one?
Sure! Margaret Atwood wrote The Year of the Flood and The Robber Bride. Have you read those?
I'm not sure of the genre but I do know that it's romance novel.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Great, I think you'll enjoy it.
I do! He's one of my favorite thrillers. Do you like thrillers?
The move Carlos is a drama starring Edgar Ramirez and Martha Higareda.
Sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Ted Hughes acted in this film.
Sure, do you like the book because it is a Fantasy or a Romance?
Tahereh Mafi wrote  [Z no shmetsu].
Yes, it was released in 2014 and that was the year that released Me. Me was released. Anything else I can help you with?
The World of Ice and Fire was written by George R.R. Martin. It was released in 2014 and is a young-adult fiction.
I don't know any fantasy books, but I do have The Looking Glass Wars and The Golden Compass.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Wally Lamb wrote The Hour I First Believed and The Hour I First Believed.
We Are Water was published in 2012. It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure, he directed Finding Neverland. Have you seen it yet?
Machine Gun Preacher is considered a Romance and Historical period drama.
It stars Robin Williams and Scarlett Johansson to name a few.
It was released in 2002.
Sure. Enjoy the movie.
You're welcome
I do! He wrote A Seperate Peace which is a young adult novel.
It is a Young-adult fiction novel.
I'm sorry I do not know the similar book but I do know it was released in 1971
You're welcome
Are you looking for more books written by Jane Austen or other books by her?
Jane Austen also wrote Sense and Sensibility and Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
Sure. Shadow Kiss and Shadow Kiss are both historical novels.
It is a book about a life of aristocrat Mary.
Sure! Did you like the Giver because it was written by Lois Lowry or because it is a Young-adult fiction?
Okay, if you like young adult fiction, you'll like Wildwood Dancing and Wicked Lovely.
You're welcome.
Did you like Fight Club because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
I don't know, but I do know that it is a thriller starring William Hitchcock.
You are welcome.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Have you seen it yet?
Have you seen Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban? It's one of my favorite fantasy movies.
You're welcome.
Mindy Kaling wrote The Secret Life of Bees and The Iron Giant. Have you read any of those?
Why Not Me is a comedy starring Mindy Kaling and Mindy Kaling.
I do not know, but I do know that Why Not Me is written by Mindy Kaling
You are welcome, enjoy!
Aylmer wrote оскресение and мерт илиа.
Anna Karenina wrote нна аренина and it was written in English
You're very welcome.
Cathereine Hardwicke wrote The Twilight Series. Have you heard of it?
Red Riding Hood stars Danny DeVito and Danny deVito.
I don't have any information on anything else she directed. Sorry.
He's a soccer player. He's from Liverpool and plays the forward position.
He played for Manchester United F.C. and the Manchester United F.C. Is a soccer player?
Yes he is. He is a very good player.
I have not read it, but I heard it is a great book. I love Locker because it is written by Stephen King.
Yes, he was in the English Patient. Have you seen it?
I haven't seen it, is it good? I like Colin Firth too. Have you seen him in The Hunger Games?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Where'd You Go, Bernadette is written by Maria Semple. It was released 2012.
Yes she was also a teacher! She wrote I Heart Huckabees. She wrote that one too.
I'll add them now.
Lauren Kate wrote Passion and Rapture. Have you read either of those?
Torment was released in 2010. It's considered young adult fiction. It's considered speculative fiction.
I hope you enjoy it!
Lewis Carroll starred in Cars 2. He also starred in Cars 2. Have you seen it?
Yes, I do. It also starred Johnny Depp. Have you seen this movie?
Oh yes, if you haven't seen it, you should check out The Rum Diary and The Pirates of the Caribbean movies. Both are considered children's movies.
You're welcome. I'm happy to help.
You're welcome! I'm glad I could help.
I know they are coached by David Platt. Do you like them?
Manchester United has a slewiss player
You're very welcome!
Lauren Oliver wrote To Rome with Love. To Rome with Love is a good one. Have you read it?
I have a couple of good thrillers to recommend to you. Lauren Oliver has written a number of thrillers as well. One of them is The Doom Generation. Have you read that one?
It's considered a Thriller/Drama. It's also considered young adult fiction.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! David Silverman directed The Simpsons Movie, have you seen it?
It was written by Walt Disney Pictures. Do you like animated films?
That is correct. David Mirkin also wrote The Simpsons Movie, which is a TV series.
You too!
I am not a huge fan, but I do know he is a Cricket player.
Not really. I'm more into speculative fiction.
I didn't know he was an author. I wonder if he is a scientist?
Yes, it stars Orlando Bloom and Billy Boyd. Do you like the Lord of the Rings?
I sure can, Orlando Bloom starred in Wilde and Zulu. Have you seen them?
Great, I think you will enjoy it, have you seen it?
Yes I do! The Death Cure is written by James Dashner. It was released in 2011
It was written by Rick Riordan. It is a Young-adult fiction novel.
If you like young adult fiction, you should check out The Scorch Trials or The Kill Order.
Nicola Kraus starred in The Nanny Diaries. Have you seen it?
I sure can. I think you'd enjoy The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. It was written by Anne Hathaway.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is written by Kate Chopin. It's a fantasy fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure if he starred in a TV show, but he starred in The Hangover as well. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure if he starred in a TV show, but he was also in The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
Yes, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen them?
Sure! Do you like Horror movies?
Have you seen Grindhouse? It's written by Robert Rodriguez. He starred in it.
It's about a murder and a murder mystery. Do you like crime fiction?
It is definitely a good Tarantino film
I'm a big fan of hers. Did you know she starred in The Muppets?
John Carpenter directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13.
Yes, he also starred in The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen them?
I don't know who else starred in Dirty Dozen, but he did star in the Dirty Dozen. Do you like horror films?
Yes, it stars Orlando Bloom and Billy Boyd.
I do too! He also starred in Troy. Have you seen that one?
Yes, that is a great movie. Enjoy!
I'm not a huge tennis fan, but she has won a lot of trophies.
Yes, I haven't seen it yet. Is it like Serena better?
Wow, I didn't know she was in the Miami Dolphins. What sport do you like?
I don't know much about him other than he plays for FC Barcelona. Do you like soccer?
I don't think so. I think he is a captain.
I prefer American Football. What is your favorite team?
I would. Home Alone is written by John Hughes and genre is a family comedy. Do you like comedies?
Sure, it was released in 1998 and the sequel is Home Alone 2 and the sequels is Home Alone.
I do not know, but I can tell you it is written by John Green
You're welcome
Isn't he a songwriter from Miami?
I don't know if he does anything else. Is he a friend with Jordin Sparks?
I have not heard of that one. Is he a good artist?
Did you like Shawshank Redemption because it was written by Stephen King?
He also wrote The Green Mile, which is a crime fiction piece. Do you like crime fiction?
You're welcome!
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland was written by Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Do you like the author or genre?
Yes it is. Lewis Carroll also wrote a book called Through the Looking-Glass.
Yes, it was written by her as well.
Yes, I do. He starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
Yes, Radivoje Bukvic also starred in The Transporter Refueled. Have you seen it?
It's a crime drama. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore to name a few.
It's a thriller, similar to The Secret Life of Bees.
You're welcome
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade is written by Philip Kaufman.
Do you like the genre or do you like the actors?
Have you seen the Star Wars Holiday Special? It is a Historical period drama
He plays Cricket for the Mumbai Indians.
He plays Cricket for the Mumbai Indians.
I am not sure, but he is also a model.
Did you know Rohit Sharma is from Mumbai, and he played in the Indian Premiere League?
Aldous Huxley wrote The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that The Doors of Perception was released in 1988.
Yes he did. It was released in 1954. I'm more of a fan of the band name.
No I do not know the author but I do know it was written by Ian McEwan and is a thriller.
Christopher Hampton wrote Christopher Hampton's The Martian Chronicles. Have you heard of it?
The film is considered a historical period drama.
Without Remorse is written by Ian McEwan and is considered a thriller.
You're welcome, enjoy!
2012 was written by Roland Emmerich and Harald Kloves and Harald Kloser. Are you looking for something similar?
Its a crime fiction movie
The Thirteenth Floor stared Jim Carrey
Sure, do you like it because it's written by Chris Columbus or because it's a Fantasy?
Did you like the Help because it was a drama?
I definitely agree. Did you know she starred in The Watcher also a comedy?
Yes, and he also starred in How to Train Your Dragon 2.
I know she starred in The Muppets and The Muppets.
I haven't seen it yet, but I heard it was good. Bradley Cooper has produced it too. Have you seen it?
Yes, it was written by John Grisham and is a thriller.
The Client is in the genre Drama/Comedy.
Sure, have you heard of Shark Night or X-Men 2?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about him other than he plays football
I know he acted in a role in tv role
I like basketball and football as well
Baseball is great, what is your favorite team?
The Packer is a great player, have you ever seen him play live in person?
I'm not really a soccer fan. I just know they were the winner in the 2009 UEFA Champions League Final.
Isn't David Platt the current coach?
I agree, they're having a good season. They're having a good season.
I can tell you that The Time Traveler's Wife is a young-adult fiction book written by John Scalzi. Do you like that genre?
Yes Violets Are Blue is a mystery novel
Happy reading!
You're welcome
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She also wrote Mansfield Park.
It is written by Jane Austen
The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York is written by Virginia Woolf.
Daniel Defoe wrote To The Lighthouse and The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York. Have you read any of these?
I am not sure about that, but I do know it was released in 1922.
You're very welcome!
I think so. Did you know Call Me Maybe was released in 2016?
No I didn't, did you know Call Me Maybe was filmed in Los Angeles?
I liked that one, I liked it too. I liked it too.
Yes, he directed both The Family Man and The Book of Eli. Have you seen them?
The Others stars Scarlett Johansson and Liam Neeson. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
He wrote Madame Bovary which is a romance novel. Do you like those genres?
Sure, it was released in 1856. It is a romance novel.
If you like romance novels you'll like Welcome to the Monkey House, this is a good one.
He's known for his novel The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
Sure, it was released in 1856. It's a classic.
Madame Bovary has genre Speculative fiction.
If you like fiction, you'll like The Return of the Native by John Scalzi.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Tom Clancy starred in The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October. Have you seen them?
Yes, he wrote The Secret Agent: A Simple Tale
I am not sure of the book, but Joseph Conrad also wrote The Secret Agent: A Simple Tale.
Nostromo: A Simple Tale was released in 2015.
He wrote The Road and The Crossing. Have you read them?
I have The Road by Cormac McCarthy, you should check it out.
It is written by Ann Patchett, have you heard of it?
Your Heart Belongs to Me was released in 1998.
You're very welcome!
Jane Eyre is a novel written by Charles Dickens. It was released in 1953.
Yeah, he also wrote a series called Jane Eyre. It's a romance novel, if you like romance novels, you might like The Fountains of Paradise, if you like romance novels.
I don't think so, but Jane Eyre was influenced by William Shakespeare.
You're welcome.
It was written by Malala Yousafzai
I don't have any other pieces of work by Paulo Coelho.
Veronika Decide Morrer is a speculative fiction and Maktub is a romance novel.
I don't know, but I can tell you that he is a scientist.
I think he plays for the Boston Celtics.
I like basketball. I am a big fan of the New Orleans Saints. Do you like basketball?
I like the Lakers as well! Do you have a favorite player?
O Alquimista is written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988. Have you read this book?
Paulo Coelho wrote The Alchemist in English. Have you read that one?
I am sure you will enjoy.
Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood is a novel written by Rebecca Wells. Do you like her books?
Rebecca Wells also wrote Ya-Yas in Bloom, have you read this one yet?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Kami Garcia wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Redemption. Have you read either of these?
It is a Fantasy novel. Do you like Fantasy books?
You're very welcome!
She wrote Throne of Glass and The Assassin's Blade. Have you read either of those?
The Assassin's Blade is a great one. She also wrote The Assassin's Blade.
I hope you like it!
Enjoy your reading!
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a Sci-Fi/Action film. It was written by Richelle Mead. Do you like those genres?
Kodi also starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which is a comedy.
Dead Europe is an Action Film. Do you like action films?
No problem, enjoy!
Yes. Artificial Intelligence is a thriller starring Steven Spielberg. Do you like his movies?
I recommend X-Men 2 starring Bruce Willis have you seen it?
You are welcome have a great day
This Is The End stars Rosemarie DeWitt and James Franco. Are you interested in either of those actors?
Is there anything in particular you would like to know about it?
I'm sorry, I don't have anymore information on Whatever It Takes.
Do you like the book because it is speculative fiction or because it is a thriller?
He also wrote Thirteen Moons and The Cold Mountain.
Thirteen Moons has genre Speculative fiction. Do you like these genres?
Sure, I am happy to help.
I think they've been a very good game since they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Jerry Jones was in the movie Jerry Jones. He was also in the movie The Green Mile. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure if Zach Galifianakis was in Reality Show, have you seen it?
Bruce Almighty was written by Steve Oedekerk and starring Jim Carrey. Do you like Jim Carrey?
It was produced by Steve Carell, who also directed Ace Ventura: Pet Detective.
I'm not sure about that, but it was released in 1998 and directed by Paul Walker.
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Hunger Games. Have you seen it?
I can tell you that Josh Hutcherson starred in The Kids Are All Right and also directed it.
She starred in The Kids Are All Right and also in The Polar Express.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information at hand but I can tell you that it is a drama/mystery movie.
You're welcome!
Do you like Pulp Fiction because it's a drama?
He also wrote Grindhouse, which is a drama.
You are welcome.
You're welcome.
She wrote Mean Girls and Bossypants. Have you read either of those?
Yes, he was in The Kite Runner. Have you seen it?
Sure! Tate Taylor directed The Help, starring Emma Stone, and Bill Murray. Have you seen it yet?
Yes, Cicely Tyson starred in Help and Get on Up! Do you like Crime Fiction Films?
Oprah Winfrey starred in The Women of Brewster Place with Oprah Winfrey.
You're welcome
Inception is written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Dark Knight.
The Dark Knight is directed by Christopher Nolan
George Lucas also starred in The Fault in Our Star Wars. Have you seen it?
Indiana Jones starred in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Have you seen it?
Indiana Jones is a great actor. He also starred in the Star Wars Holiday Special. Have you seen this movie?
It was written by Paula McLain and released 2011. She also wrote Circling the Sun. Have you heard of her?
She also wrote Circling the Sun. Have you heard of it?
I'm not sure about that one, but I know it was released in the year 1967.
I'm not sure, but it was released in 2015. It's considered young adult fiction.
You're very welcome!
Lea Thompson starred in The Wild Life, The Wild Life, and The Wild Life.
She's mainly a drama film and a comedy, as well as a comedy. Do you like children's films?
I really like Back to the Future Part II too. Did you know she starred in The Mask of Athena?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on any other movies he wrote. Sorry.
Great, I'll add those to your watch list.
I do, it was written by Francis Ford Coppola and starred Al Pacino.
Yes, he starred in The Godfather Part II with Francis Ford Coppola.
Yes, and II was directed by Francis Ford Coppola.
Gustave Flaubert wrote Unaccustomed Earth which is a Psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
I don't have any other Romance novel, but I do have other Romance novel recommendations. Have you read this one yet?
Yes, it was released in 2004. Another Romance novel you might like would be Happy Gilmore. Have you read that one?
You got it! Is there anything else I can help you with?
He wrote Män som hatar kvinnor.
Kristin Cashore wrote Graceling, Fire, Bitterblue. Have you read any of these?
Some of her novels include Graceling, Fire and Bitterblue.
I do! He's also a scientist, but I don't know any other books he's written.
There's The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories.
It is written by Lois Lowry
I think he's a good quarterback for the Green Bay Packers.
I do! I'm a huge fan of Aaron Rodgers. I think he's my favorite quarterback.
I've never been to a football game before. But I've heard he's a great quarterback.
That was a good one, I think you'd enjoy it too. It was a fantasy adventure film like Snow Dogs.
Yes, The Lost Hero is written by Rick Riordan. It is a speculative fiction book.
The Lost Hero is a Drama
Yes,It is written by Rick Riordon
You are welcome
Monsters University Movie
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Steve Buscemi also starred in Monsters University, if you have not seen it. It is a Sci-Fi/Horror.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he wrote The Lathe of Heaven and The Fountains of Paradise. Have you read either of those?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you The Prince is in the Romance genre.
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People is a self-help book written by Barbara F. Scott Fitzgerald.
Yes, he's a great actor. He starred in Desperado and Desperado.
I am not a huge fan of Latin music but I have heard some of the songs he has a lot about it now
I haven't heard of some of his music I like. Is he a good artist?
Would you be interested in other books written by Truman Capote?
He also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Truman Capote. Have you read either of those?
You're very welcome!
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Skloot and it has a genre Science. Do you like science fiction?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on other biographies, but I can tell you that Ted Tally starred in it.
Sure, Walk the Line is written by Rebecca Wells and it's a historical period drama.
It was written by Margaret Atwood. It's a historical period drama.
I think she's a very good singer. I like her song Almost Is Never Enough on You.
I am not a big fan of Taylor Swift, I like her song Valentine's Day.
I see. Is she a good artist?
She starred in The Princess Diaries. It's a drama film.
White Squall stars Jeff Bridges and Jason Marsden. Do you like these actors?
Are you looking for something similar to this movie?
I don't know, but I do know that The Secret Life of Bees is a drama. Do you like drama?
You too!
Charles Dickens wrote The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club, The Old Curiosity Shop, and Oliver Twist. Have you read any of these?
Sure! Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club was written by Charles Dickens. It's considered children's literature.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that he is most famous for his contribution to the work of Dickens.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He wrote Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog. Have you read it?
Sure, Marley & me is a thriller. Have you seen Marley & Me?
Scream is a Horror film. Do you like Horror films?
I'm not sure, but I did enjoy Red Eye. It was directed by Wes Craven. Have you seen it?
Sure, it was released in 1999 and directed by Wes Craven. It also starred Johnny Depp.
Sylvester Stallone directed The Expendables. Have you seen it?
Yes, Randy Couture starred in The Expendables. Do you like him as an actor?
I don't know, but Sylvester Stallone also starred in Redbelt. Do you like him?
It was written by Cassandra Clare who also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex. Have you read it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, The Mortal Instruments is written by Cassandra Clare.
It's a fantasy novel that was written by John Scalzi. It's part of a series.
Sure! Do you like Pulp Fiction because it's a drama?
Royal Kill stars Tika Sumpter and Rupert Grint.
Ma Long is a table tennis athlete from China. Are you a fan?
Did you know he was also a table tennis player?
I don't really know much about him other than he is a table tennis player.
You're very welcome!
Bobby Farrelly starred in Stuck on You and Stuck on You. Have you seen them?
It's considered a Romance. Do you like Romance?
That's a great movie. Matt Damon also starred in the movie The Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen it?
Rob Cohen directed The Skulls. Have you seen it?
Yes, it also starred Paul Walker and Roger Allam. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
I know they're a soccer soccer team, but I don't know much about soccer. Do you like soccer?
I know it. Louis van Gaal is a German sports coach
Yes he did, and FC Bayern Munich II
I think he is a good cricketer. Do you like cricket?
I'm not sure about that. I think he was born in Johannesburg.
Sure, he directed Million Dollar Baby starring Hilary Swank and many more. Have you seen it yet?
It stars Morgan Freeman, Tommy Lee Jones Greta
You are welcome.
Yes, he directed The Lives of Others, have you seen it?
The Tourist is a psychological thriller starring Ulrich Tukur and Ulrich Tukur.
I am not sure who starred in it but I know it was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr..
I am not sure of the year they were released, but I think Angelina Jolie Pitt was in The Tourist.
I'm not sure who wrote it but I do know it was released in 2008.
You're very welcome!
I agree! They're a great basketball team. I think they've won a lot of a lot of trophies. Who's your favorite player?
I agree! Did you know he won the NBA All Rookie Team?
Yeah I like Davis too! I think he won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award.
Jane Eyre wrote Villette and The Professor. Have you read either of those?
He also wrote The Fountainhead, which is a Romance novel
Have you read The Time Machine yet? It is a good one
I do. He's a point guard right?
I like to watch college football and I like to watch college football. What about you?
No I didn't.
He wrote The Boyne: The Boy in the Striped Pajamas. Have you read it?
The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas has genre Young-adult fiction.
You're welcome.
It was written by James Frey and a Speculative fiction genre. Do you like those genres?
Sure, it was released in 2016 and is a speculative memoir.
Sorry, I don't have any information on the other films he directed.
Richard Andrews wrote The Trigicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark didn't he?
1600 is the year that released The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark
Shakespear's Tale was part of the Winter's Tale.
Sure. Added to your list
Yes he plays for the Germany national football team.
Yes he is, Thomas Muller also plays midfielder and a midfielder as well.
Not really but I like American Football. I like American Football.
Isn't he a tennis player?
Basel is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I do! She's a pretty good singer. I like her song Call Me Maybe. Have you heard of her?
No I didn't, but I heard she won the MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year
Did you know Call Me Maybe was released in 1985?
Do you like jaws because it is written by Steven Spielberg, or because it is a horror movie?
Yes, he was also in the movie as well. Keith Gordon also starred in the movie as well.
You are welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie
Amelie is written by Frances Mayes.
Amelie has genre Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he starred in The King's Speech. Have you seen it?
The skulls is a drama. Do you like that genre?
It is written by Steven Spielberg and stars Morgan Freeman. Do you like his movies?
I can tell you that Craig T. Nelson starred in the Psychological Thriller genre
I'm not sure what else he has starred in but I do know he is also a musician.
You're welcome
I don't know too much about football but I do know the team is coached by Lovie Smith.
I don't really know a lot about football but I do like the New England Patriots. Are you a football fan?
I like basketball. I like the New York Jets and the San Francisco 49ers. How about you?
I love Linkin Park, I like some of their music. I like the song Tiny Dancer, how about you?
That is a good one. I think he is a friend with a lot of people.
I haven't heard of them, what type of music do they play?
Yes, I do. My favorite team is the New England Patriots.
Yes they did! They were the runner ups in Super Bowl XXXXVIII.
Tom Brady is the owner. Who's your favorite Patriots player?
In Cold Blood was written by Truman Capote. He also wrote To Kill a Mockingbird which is a drama.
Truman Capote also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's, and Gone with the Wind.
Yes, it was based on a true story.
Sure, do you like Tom Skerrit because it stars Tom Skerrit or because it is a fantasy?
Yes it is a Thriller/Crime film.
Garfield also starred in The Casual Vacancy. Have you seen it?
I don't know much about them but they are owned by Jay-Z.
I'm not a big fan of basketball but I like to watch it when it's the Cleveland Cavaliers. How about you?
I like football and football. How about you? Do you like Basketball?
I haven't seen it but I heard it was ridiculous. I think it was a war film.
She starred in Milo. She was also in the movie Ted. Have you seen that movie?
Ted was hilarious! It also starred Emily Blunt.
You're very welcome!
Sure! He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton. Have you seen it?
Yes, Robin Williams also starred in The Birdcage.
Yes, I do. It was released in 1994.
Yes I do. I like the Pirates of the Caribbean because it's a fantasy movie.
Yes he was. He also starred in the Pirates of the Caribbean: At World.
If you like thrillers, you'll like Troy Garity. Have you seen it?
Do you like X-Men Origins because it is a Thriller or because it stars Hugh Jackman?
Sure, he also starred in The Wolverine and The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide.
I am not sure, but I do know Waiting is starring Ryan Reynolds and it was released in 2005.
You're very welcome, enjoy!
True Grit is a war movie, starring Matt Damon. Do you like movies starring Matt Damon?
He's been in a lot of movies. I like Matt Damon, he's been in a lot of movies. I like Matt Damon, have You Got Served, and The Patriot.
Matt Damon starred in The People Speak, which is a thriller. Would you like to watch it?
You're very welcome!
Yes, it was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
I don't have any information on other films he directed, but I can tell you that he also directed Slacker. Have you seen it?
Confused was released in 1999 and starring Scarlett Johansson. Have you seen this movie?
You're welcome, enjoy!
King Kong was written by Steven Soderbergh. It's a thriller.
I believe it is a Drama/Krimi.
You might like Zoe's Tale, or X-Men 2.
Yes, it was released in 2005 and stars Tom Hanks.
They are a sports team. They are a part of the NFC South Division.
You're very welcome!
That was a good Super Bowl X. What's your opinion
Sure! Evan Goldberg directed Maleficent. Have you seen it yet?
This is the End stars James Franco, Seth Rogen and James Franco.
Yes, Channing Tatum also starred in the film.
You might like White Oleander, which is a fantasy film.
It is starring Mindy Kaling, Mindy Kaling, and Mindy Kaling.
You're welcome!
The Silence of the Lambs is a Psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
Ralph Fiennes is a great actor. He also starred in Wrath of the Titans and The Giver. Have you seen them?
You're welcome
I have a lot of thrillers that you might like. Is there anything else you would like to know?
She was in The Lion King and The Lion King. Have you seen either of those?
If you like action films, you would like The Running Man or The Watchmen.
You're welcome.
Yes, it was written by Vince Flynn and starring Will Smith.
Will Smith also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness and The Pursuit of Happyness.
Shia LaBeouf is a Thriller and Drama. Do you like those genres?
Sure, Playing it now.
Isn't he a player on the Manchester United F.C?
I don't know much about Fabio Capello, only that he is a midfielder.
I am not a big sports fan but i know Fabio Capello was born in England.
That's a great idea! He was in Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back. It's an animated movie.
I like contemporary R & B but I like contemporary R &B.
They are both from South Korea and they are a boy band. Is that a hip hop artist?
I'm not sure, but I believe they were released in 1998. Seoul was a great place in South Korea.
Jason Flemyng starred in Wild Bill, Welcome to the Punch, The Social Network, and many more. Have you seen any of these?
I am not sure, but Jason Flemyng also starred in Wild Bill as well.
I hope you like it!
You're welcome!
I sure can! She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Marion Wiesel.
Un di Velt Hot Geshvign has genre Speculative fiction.
You're welcome.
Do you like it because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Hugh Jackman stars in Wolverine. Would you like to know more about it?
You're very welcome.
Isn't he a soccer player?
He was influenced by Kurt Vonnegut Jr..
Yes, he starred in The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1, and Part 2.
Sure, have you seen him in The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 2?
She starred in Terminator 2: Judgment Day. Have you seen it?
It is a Science Fiction/Action film.
I would suggest The Fault in Our Stars then. It is a drama.
Yes, Steven D. Levitt is known for his books Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything, if you haven't read it.
Great! Steven D. Levitt also wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything. Have you read this one yet?
I have not. Steven D. Levitt is from New York. Have you read this one?
That's a good one. Steven D. Levitt is also a professor and he writes non-fiction books.
Edgar Wright wrote The Iliad, have you heard of this one?
Yes and it is a part of a series.
I agree. Did you know he acted in The World's End?
Coldplay is a band with Justin Timberlake. Do you like their music?
Its a great movie starring Denzel Washington and Josh Brolin
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Laini Taylor wrote Dreams of Gods and Monsters, Inc.
Dreams of Gods & Monsters is written by Lauren Oliver. It is a Fantasy/fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
I am not sure when it came out, but I can add that as well.
You're very welcome! Enjoy!
Is he a point guard for the Portland Trailblazers?
That's right. Do you like basketball? Do you like basketball?
I have seen a few movies. My favorite player on the movie was Leonardo DiCaprio. Have you seen it?
Quentin Tarantino starred in Pulp Fiction and Grindhouse. Have you seen either of those?
It was written by Rhett Reese. It also starred Rob Zombie.
He also starred in Zombie 2 and Monsters Inc. Have you seen those?
Do you like Big Fish because it's a drama?
Kenny also directed Monster's Inc and Toy Story 3. They are both great choices.
Sure, have you seen What's Your Number and The Giver.
You are welcome.
Phil LaMarr starred in Scream 4. He also starred in Zathura: A Space Adventure.
It has a genre of Thriller, Drama and Comedy. Do you like those genres?
Leonard Nimoy has genre Thriller, Drama and Comedy. Do you like this genre?
You're very welcome!
The Nets are a basketball team. The Nets is a part of the Nets. Do you like basketball?
Me too! That is a sci-fi thriller. Do you like sci-fi?
The Terminator 2: Judgment Day also starring Ramon Rodriguez
It is a action movie and it also stars Robert Downey Jr.
PS, I Love You was written by Cecelia Ahern and it's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, Voyager is also a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
Yes, it is also a Romance novel, have you read it?
You are welcome, have a great day.
I think she is a tennis player. She was born in Mumbai. She played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics. Have you seen it?
I don't follow tennis but I do know Serena Williams sisters are in Mumbai.
I did not know she was in Hair Show. I hope they do. Have you seen it?
He starred in Looking for Richard, which is a crime fiction film.
It's a drama.
I don't think so, but Shark Night is another Crime Drama movie starring Al Pacino.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
Yes, it was written by Robert Zemeckis and is a satire.
She also wrote Lord of the Flies. Have you read that one?
You're welcome!
Yes, she is a pretty talented singer.
I don't know of any of her songs, but I do know that he is a friend with Perri.
That was the year that released You Are Not So Smart?
You're welcome
Edgar Ramirez starred in a lot of action films. Do you like action films?
Yes, I like crime fiction movies like Zero Dark Thirty. Do you like crime fiction movies?
No the two are listed. Mark Boal also starred in The Hurt Locker with Edgar Ramirez.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
He starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Hangover. Have you seen them?
Unaccompanied Minors starred Mindy Kaling and Jessica Walter. It is a comedy film.
Sure. You might like The Skulls, or The Giver.
Sure. Unaccompanied Minors is added to your watch list. Is there anything else I can do to help?
You're very welcome.
Yes, he starred in Water for Elephants and The Green Hornet. Have you seen either of those?
It's a Romance starring Sara Shepard. Would you like to see it?
He also starred in The Boy in the Striped Pajamas.
Yes, it was written by Quentin Tarantino and stars Hugh Jackman and Anne Hathaway.
Yes he did. Leo Tolstoy also wrote Boyhood.
Yes, I do. Leo Tolstoy also starred in The Boy in the Striped Pajamas.
You're very welcome.
Yes, I can. Twilight is written by Stephanie Meyer. Have you read that one?
Yes I have a suggestion of her as well.
You're welcome
Sure! The Social Network stars Steve Buscemi and Justin Timberlake. It's a biographical film.
Sure, Holden Scott starred in The Social Network. Did you know it starred Tom Hanks?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information at hand but I can tell you other films he has starred in such as What Happens in Vegas
You're welcome
Sure, he wrote the book David Copperfield. Are you familiar with this author?
Jeremy Tambling is probably best known for his book The Little Friend. Have you read it?
I like Zadie Smith too. He wrote The Temple of My Familiar, The Iron Giant, and The Apostle. Have you read any of those?
John Carpenter directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13.
The Fog is a Thriller starring John Carpenter and J.K. Simmons. It is a Thriller.
Yes it is! I think you will enjoy it.
Escape from New York is a drama/fantasy.
Sure, do you like the book because it is written by J.R.R. Tolkien or because it is a Fantasy?
Women in Love was written by Liam Neeson
He also wrote The Little Friend and The Iron Giant
The Matrix starred Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, and Keanu Reeves.
The Matrix is starring Keanu Reeves and Laurence Fishburne.
Inception is starring Keanu Reeves, Fernando Hierro, and Total Recall
A Wrinkle in Time is a Science Fiction Novel written by Madeleine L'Engle and it's a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
You might like The Witch of Blackbird Pond. It is also Science Fiction. Have you read it yet?
Yes. It was written by Richelle Mead. It was released in 1982.
You might like the Witch of Blackbird Pond by Elizabeth George Speare. It's part of a series.
It was released in 1974. It's part of a series.
You're welcome.
Ayush Mahesh Khedkar starred in Slumdog Millionaire. Have you seen it?
Slumdog Millionaire has genre Thriller.
It was released in 2013. Do you like that genre?
You're very welcome!
I know a few books he's written such as The Hobbit series and The Complete Maus. Have you heard of those?
I do not know any other Turner films. Would you like to know more about Aidan Turner?
The genre is fiction
There are a lot of movies with this genre
Golden Compass directed by Sam Elliott
Did you like the book because it was written by Roald Dahl or because it was a fantasy?
Zoe's Tale, Z for Zacharia, is a Speculative fiction novel written by John Scalzi. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, it is Speculative Fiction as well as Fantasy and Children's literature.
The Goldfinch is written by Donna Tartt and released in 2013. It was released in 2013.
She won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. Would you like to know more about her?
Yes she did. She also wrote The Secret History
I do not have that information, but I can tell you The Secret History is in English.
You're welcome!
Me Before You was written by Jojo Moyes. Do you like the author Jojo Moyes?
The Ship of Brides is also written by Jojo Moyes, have you read it yet?
Great, I hope you enjoy them.
Yes, it is written by John Green and is a young-adult fiction book.
Did you know Sam Trammell also starred in Looking for Alaska?
I'm not sure what year that was released, but it was written by John Green and stars Sam Trammell.
If you like Young-adult fiction, you'll enjoy The Fault in Our Stars.
He wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Great Gatsby. Have you read either of those?
I would recommend The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. It is a fiction novel.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help with?
Tim Miller starred in The Pacifier. Have you heard of it?
Do you like The Goon because it is a fantasy movie or because it is written by Ken Burns
The Goon is a great movie, some other movies he directed are The Black Hat and The Goon
You are welcome
Pan's Labyrinth is a young adult fiction novel written by Guillermo del Toro
Yes, it is a Spanish film.
I don't have any information on the genre for this movie, but I can tell you that Alex Angulo is a Spanish film.
Would you be interested in The Looking Glass Wars or The Golden Compass?
No problem! I am happy to help.
I do! He wrote The Water is Wide and The Prince of Tides. Have you read them?
Did you know that George Nelligan also starred in The Water is Wide and The Big Lebowski?
Yes it was also written by Michael York and it was released in 1969
I don't know too much about him but he wrote  which was released 750 A.D. Salinger. Have you read this?
I did not. Did you know Homer's Iliac was written by John Scalzi?
I like dramas as well. Have you seen The Godfather 2?
Robert Duvall also starred in The Apostle.
Into the Wild is written by Sean Penn. Do you like Sean Penn?
Yes, it was. Sean Penn directed it and starred in it. Sean Penn also directed it.
I would recommend True Romance if you haven't seen it already
Me too! Did you know Garth Williams starred in Men in Black 3?
Tom Hooper directed The King's Speech, The Damned United, and Les Miserables.
Les Miserables is starring Diane Keaton, have you seen it?
You're quite welcome!
I think he is a very talented artist. I like his song Marry You. What about you?
I don't know too much about her, is she a good singer?
I would have to agree. I like her. I like her. What song do you like to listen to?
I haven't had a chance to listen to those!
I do not know much about soccer, but I think they are a soccer team. Do you like soccer?
They were coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
They were the runner-ups in Super Bowl XLVIII.
The Maze Runner is a young-adult fiction book. Do you like fiction books?
James Dashner is the author and he is a young-adult fiction writer
You're welcome
Sure! Arundhati Roy wrote The God of Small Things, The God of Small Things, and The God of Small Things.
It's considered a Drama/Fantasy
I am not sure about that, but I do know it was adapted into a film.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
That was written by Sue Monk Kidd and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Its written by Sue Monk Kidd and is a Speculative fiction
i do not have information about the book but i can tell you The Secret Life of Bees is a great drama
She wrote Dracula. Do you like female authors?
Nina Auerbach also wrote The Diary of a Young Girl. Have you read that one?
Well she was influenced by Nina Auerbach. She also wrote The Diary of a Young Girl.
You're welcome, have a good day.
Yes, it's written by J.R.R. Tolkien and stars Orlando Bloom.
Orlando Bloom starred in The Good Doctor. He also starred in Troy, which Orlando Bloom starred in
You're very welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
I'm not really a fan of the Texans, but I think they are coached by Gary Kubiak.
Not really, but I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. What about you?
Jerry Jones owns the Houston Texans. Do you like the Texans?
Yes, he starred in Troy, which is a fantasy film. Do you like those genres?
I'm not sure, but it was written by Emily Bronte and directed by David Fincher.
I'm not sure when it came out, but I think Saffron Burrows came out in 1847.
Sure! Wuthering Heights is written by Emily Bronte. It stars William Hurt and Emily Bronte. It's a historical drama that came out in 1988.
Pearl S Buck wrote The Good Earth which is a Historical period drama. Do you like this genre?
I don't have that information, but I do know Pearl S Buck wrote The Good Earth which is a Historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
I don't have any other information on that novel, but I do know that The Waves was released in 1931.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I do! Did you know she starred in The Princess Diaries 2?
I know she is married to Serena Williams and she is also a model.
That's right, I've heard they are very good this year.
I didn't know that! What sports do he play?
It was written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
I don't have any information on what else he has written, but I can tell you he wrote Como agua para chocolate. It was released in 1989.
You're very welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
You're very welcome!
Sure, do you like the Avengers because it stars Scarlett Johansson or because it is a superhero movie?
Yes he also wrote X-Men 2
Incident at Loch Ness was released in 2010
You're welcome
Crazy, Stupid, Love is written by Dan Fogelman. Do you like movies starring Dan Fogelman?
If you like romance films, you'll like The Fault in Our Stars. It's also a good one.
You're welcome. Enjoy the movies!
Sure! He wrote Cycle of the Werewolf. Have you read that one yet?
I'm sorry I don't have that information, is there anything else I can help you with?
The Dead Zone is a fantasy novel
I'm sorry, I don't have access to that information right now
Yes, do you like the movie Forrest Gump because it stars Tom Hanks?
Tom Hanks starred in The Postal Service and The Road to El Dorado. Have you seen either of those?
Tom Hanks also stars in Larry Crowne, which is a comedy. Would you like to watch it?
Great! Anything else I can help you with?
You're very welcome!
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets.
It is, similar to Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
It stars Pierre Perrier and it's a mystery film. It's considered a thriller.
I don't know much about Pete Carroll, but I think they're a very good team.
They're both in the AFC West division. They're a great team.
Have you ever heard of The Seahawks?
Stargirl is written by Jerry Spinelli, who also wrote Milkweed and Maniac Magee.
Jerry also wrote Milkweed and Maniac Magee. They are both young-adult fiction.
Sure! Wicked Lovely is a young-adult fiction book written by Melissa Marr. It was released in 1995.
I don't know much about him but I think he is a very good tennis player.
I don't know. What sport do you like?
I agree. I like Federer too. He has a lot of good stats.
Mary GrandPre wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. Have you read it?
You are correct, if you like that one you should read The Casual Vacancy.
Sure, What Alice Forgot is written by Liane Moriarty and released in 2009. Are you interested in this genre?
Yes she did. That book was released in 2016. Liane Moriarty also wrote What Alice Forgot.
You're welcome, I'm happy to help.
I think they're a great team but I'm a fan of the Dallas Cowboys. What do you think about them?
My favorite team is The Dallas Cowboys. They've been a long time since they were runner ups.
They seem to be having a good season. They're having a good season
I do. I think he's a great player
Yes he starred in X-Men Apocalypse. Have you seen it?
Stan Lee also wrote X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
The Incredible Hulk stars William Hurt, Ty Burrell, and Tim Blake Nelson.
Sure. She wrote The Hiding Place. Have you read that one yet?
The Hiding Place has genre Autobiography and Autobiography.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it.
Noah Emmerich starred in Windtalkers. what else can i do for you?
If you like Martial Arts movies, you might like The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars.
You're welcome.
Have a good day!
Phil Lord directed The Lego Movie and 22 Jump Street. Have you seen them?
I don't know who starred in it, but Phil Lord directed it. Do you like him?
I don't think so, but White House Down was written by Steven Soderbergh.
You're very welcome!
Into the Wild stars Sean Penn and is a Thriller. Do you like him?
I think you'll enjoy it! Is there anything else I can help you with?
No Strings Attached is one of her most popular movies.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like it because it is a Sci-Fi or because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Then you might like World War Z, have you seen that yet?
Zombieland starred Robert Downey Jr, Richard Portnow and Bill Murray. Do you like any of these actors?
I do not know when it was released, but I do like Woody Harrelson he also starred in X-Men
She wrote The Red Tent, The Last Days pf Dogtown, and The Red Tent. Have you read any of those?
Sure! I also recommend The Last Days of Dogtown. Have you read that one?
You're welcome!
Sure. A Little Princess was written by Shel Silverstein. It's a Speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
The King of Attolia is written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
I would recommend World Without End, Wolf Brother and Witches Abroad.
Sure, A Farewell to Arms is written by Ernest Hemingway. Do you like Hemingway?
You might like To Kill a Mockingbird, written by Ernest Hemingway, it is also a Fiction Novel.
To Have and Have Not was released in 1989. It is a Speculative Fiction Novel.
Groundhog Day is a war movie. Do you like movies starring Ryan Gosling?
It stars Danny DeVito and Bill Murray.
Harold Ramis wrote Ghostbusters
You are very welcome
I love Linkin Park, I like some of their music. I like the song Tiny Dancer, how about you?
Do you like Green Lantern because it stars Tom Hanks or because it is a comedy?
Green Lantern is starring Tom Hanks and Chris Hemsworth. Do you like Tom Hanks?
Yes, it is. It has the sequel, X-Men: First Class. Is that your interest?
I'm not sure, but I think she is best known for The Walking Dead.
Sure, Jean-Pierre starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Fifth Element. Have you seen them?
Yes he does. He also starred in The Man in the Iron Mask.
I do not know when he started. I do know he is a comedian.
Don't mention it
The Ocean at the End of the Lane is written by Neil Gaiman who also wrote The Ocean at the End of the Lane.
The Ocean at the End of the Lane is written by Neil Gaiman and was released in 2013.
You are welcome, enjoy!
John Travolta is the main actor in No Country for Old Men.
Tommy Lee Jones starred in The Casual Vacancy, The Shawshank Redemption, and many more.
Colin Firth directed Natural Born Killers.
Do you like the movie because it stars Tom Hanks?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
It sure is. You may like Zombieland.
You're welcome!
Me Before You was written by Rhonda Byrne. Have you seen it?
Jojo Moyes also wrote The Ship of Brides and The One Plus One.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Alexandre Dumas starred in The Comte de Monte-Cristo.
Yes he was the author of Three Musketeers.
He also wrote The Third Musketeers, which is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
Sure, he wrote The Little Friend and The Red Pony. Have you read either of those?
Yes, that is a great movie starring Tom Cruise. Have you seen it?
I have not, but I know Peter Capaldi also starred in The Last Samurai. Have you seen it?
Great, hope you enjoy the movie
Katherine Paterson wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and The Great Gilly Hopkins. Have you read either of these?
I don't have a sequel, but it is written by Katherine Paterson.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
The Hunger Games has genre Young-adult fiction. Is that what you are looking for?
Shark Night is a thriller and stars Kyla Pratt. Have you seen it?
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore to name just a few.
Yes, he wrote Walking Disaster, have you read any of those ?
Walking Disaster is a young-adult fiction book.
I don't know any murder mystery, but I do have a similar book called Walking Disaster.
You are welcome
The Matrix Reloaded is starring Keanu Reeves. Would you be interested in more movies starring Keanu Reeves?
Then you might like Youngblood or Youngblood.
John Wick also starred Keanu Reeves. Would you like to know more about Keanu Reeves?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about her other than he composed Titanium. Do you like him?
Yes she did, she also won the MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year
Yes she is on the bucket list as well. Have you heard of her music?
Lana Wachowski starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Avengers. Have you seen either of those?
I have a lot of good movies like The Incredibles and The Avengers. Have you seen them?
Yes, it is also a great movie, have you seen it?
Sure! Do you like Young-adult fiction books or fantasy books?
She also wrote The Lady in the Lake series, have you read those?
It was written by Richelle Mead, it has genre Speculative fiction and Fantasy. Do you like these genres?
Yes, he did and it was released in 1971
Do you like because Tom Cruise is in it or because it is a Action/Adventure movie?
Do you like it because it is a Fantasy or because it is starring Morgan Freeman?
Sure! You might also like the movie X-Men. That stars Will Ferrell, Morgan Freeman, and Morgan Freeman.
I'm not sure if he did, but he also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness which is a Comedy.
Yes, I'm glad I could help!
Tom Skerritt starred in Ted, Ted, and Ted. Would you be interested in any of those?
Ted Danson has genre Thriller.
You're very welcome!
Maruice Hindle starred in The Missing. Have you seen it?
Yes, he also wrote The Last Manchurian Candidate written by Percy Bysshe Shelley
I do not have any information on them but I do know they are written in English.
Yes, he wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror. Have you read either of those?
It was released in 1856, have you heard of this one?
Yes, she did. It was released in 1856
I am not, but I know she is coached by John Fox.
I haven't heard much about the Cowboys though I heard they are coached by Jim Caldwell.
I love hockey and baseball as well. Have you seen any of these games?
Yes, Toy Story 2 and Toy Story 2 are the sequels.
Toy Story 2 and Toy Story 3. Toy Story 3 are in the sequel to Toy Story 3. Toy Story 2 is starring Toy Story 3. Toy Story 2 and 3
I am not sure, but Tom Hanks does star in Toy Story 3. It is a comedy too!
Yes, I can!
Blake Griffin is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Do you like basketball?
I've heard a lot about him, I'm not sure who he is. Is he a good player?
I'm more of a baseball fan. I like to watch college football. What about you?
Blade Runner stars Michael Fassbender and Zach Galifianakis. It's considered a Sci-Fi film.
William Sanderson starred in Zoom, Zombieland, and many more. Have you seen any of those?
I agree, it's very entertaining! One of my favorites is The Quick and the Dead. Have you seen it?
Bood Diamond starred Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
He's been in so many things. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a number of things. He's been in a lot of movies.
The Wolf of Wall Street stars Stephen Collins, he's a great actor.
James Nesbitt starred in The Missing. Have you seen it?
It's considered a Romantic Comedy.
I'm not sure, but Frank Dillane is in it.
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
Law Abiding Citizen is starring F. Gary Gary who directed The Italian Job which you might like.
Roger Bart also starred in The Manchurian Candidate which also stars Roger Bart and Richard Portnow.
I like thrillers like Shark Night, xXx: State of the Union. Have you seen it?
Did you like the fifth element because it was written by Christopher Nolan?
Do you like the movie because it is starring Chris Rock or because it is a thriller?
You're welcome
Yes, I am familiar with her. She starred in Who's That Girl and Swept away.
I've heard some of her songs a lot. One of my favorite songs from her is What About Us. Have you heard of it?
Did you know she starred in The Muppets a musical comedy?
Sure! He wrote The Virgin Suicides and The Last Man. Have you read either of those?
It was released in 2002. It is a speculative fiction novel.
I don't know much about it but I think it was released in 2002.
Anita Diamant wrote The Red Tent, The Red Tent, and The Red Tent. Have you read any of those?
Its speculative fiction.
Anita Diamant also wrote The Red Tent
You're welcome
Did you like the Untouchables because it's a Crime Fiction Film?
Capone was released in 2010 and stars Tom Hanks. Have you seen it?
It is a great movie. If you haven't seen it I recommend it.
It is starring Sofia Coppola and Meryl Streep
You're welcome
I have not, but I know it was written by Preston and directed by Preston
I am not sure about the genre but it is a drama
The Golden Compass is a good historical drama movie
I'm not sure, but I do see 12 Years a Slaves stars Meryl Streep and Liam Neeson
You're welcome
Sure, she wrote Beautiful Redemption and Beautiful Redemption. Have you read either of those?
It's considered a Romance. Do you like Romance?
I'm not sure about Fantasy, but I believe it was written by Margaret Stohl.
Glad to be of help
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time is a Fantasy/Comedy. Do you like Fantasy films?
The Golden Compass and The Looking Glass Wars are both fantasy movies.
I don't know who stars in that movie, but I do know it was written by Terry Pratchett
You're very welcome!
It was written by Sophie Kinsella and released in 2005. Do you like her work?
She wrote Wedding Night and The Undomestic Goddess. Have you read any of these?
I'm not sure, but it was released in 2013 and is a romantic comedy.
I hope you enjoy them!
She wrote Graceling, Fire, Bitterblue. Have you read any of these?
Yes,It is a Romance novel
Do you like Voyager?
No problem
I have not, but I have read The Search. Have you read it?
It was released in 1943
Yes it was in English
I am not a huge fan of football but I think he plays for the Belgium national football team.
I didn't know that. What position does he play for?
I am not a fan of baseball but the Boston Red Sox are a great team!
My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks. What is yours?
David Fincher starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen it?
No I have not, but I heard it was a great movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
I don't know much about his other movies, but he starred in Zero Dark Thirty and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
Embeth starred in Shackleton which is an action film.
Kevin McNally is also in Shackleton. Do you like him?
I do not know when it came out. Sorry.
William Goldman starred in The Princess Diaries.
He writes in the genre of Speculative fiction.
Yes, if you like thrillers, you'll like Shark Night and Kyla Pratt.
You're welcome.
Sarah Dressen wrote a series called the Assassin's Blade , which is a historical fiction novel.
I'd have to read them now. I've heard they're very good. They're a good read, and they're a great adventure.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Emma Stone is in it. Do you like her?
Yes he is. Emma Stone is married to Andrew Garfield.
Yes, Rashida Jones also starred in The Social Network. Did you know she was also in The Amazing Spider-Man 2?
You're welcome!
I know that he wrote the book called Things Fall Apart. Did you know that he is a teacher?
The Truth About Forever, It was written by Chinua Achebe, have you heard of it?
No I have not seen it. Is it a crime fiction?
No problem enjoy the movie.
Sure! Do you like Pulp Fiction because it's a drama?
I'm not sure if Jamie Foxx was in it, but he was also in Pulp Fiction.
Your welcome
Mitch Alborn wrote The Time Machine and The Time Machine. Have you read those?
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre Memoir
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre Speculative fiction as well as fiction
Lana Wachowski also wrote V for Vendetta, The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded.
Ninja Assassin stars Keanu Reeves and Laurence Fishburne.
I'm not a big fan of The Weekend but I do enjoy a romance with a lot of action
Alright, have you ever seen him play live?
I think they have made some appearances. They have a great voice.
I do! It's a mystery/suspense book written by John Grisham. Are you familiar with his work?
Sure. He also wrote The Pelican Brief, The Firm, and The Firm.
The Brethren was released in 1987. It's considered a Thriller.
I'm not sure Jeffery Deaver is known for his novel, but it was released in 1995.
I don't have access to that information, but it is in English.
You're very welcome!
Green Eggs and Ham was written by Dr. Seuss. Dr. Seuss also wrote The Cat in the Hat and Other Dr. Seuss Favorites.
The Cat in the Hat, The Grinch Who Stole Christmas and The Cat in the Hat. Have you read any of those?
Yes, I do. There's a Wocket in My Pocket and The Cat in the Hat.
You're very welcome!
I do too! I love his song Maroon 5. I like it when Adam Levine is on the show.
I do as well. Do you like Maroon 5?
I like the X Factor because it's a comedy with Maroon 5 and Adam Levine.
Peter Dinklage starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog. Have you seen those?
Yes it is. It's a Thriller/Drama.
You're very welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, The Tragedy of Othello, The Moor of Venice is written by William Shakespeare.
You may like Romeo and Juliet, A Midsummer Night's Dream, or the Winter's Tale.
You might like Romeo and Juliet, it is a play by William Shakespeare.
You're very welcome!
Anthony Hopkins starred in The Edge. It's a crime fiction film. Do you like that genre?
Yes Anthony Hopkins also starred in Bobby
I do not have the year it was released.
Anthony Hopkins starred in Zookeeper. It is a crime fiction movie.
you are welcome
He wrote Wizard and Glass and The Graveyard Book. Have you seen them?
Yes, he did. It's a fantasy film. Do you like fantasy?
He was influenced by Alice Munro and Tom Hanks.
Yes, it is considered children's literature.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, Her stars Scarlett Johansson and Scarlett Johansson.
Scarlett Johansson starred in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie, which also starred Scarlett Johansson.
Great! Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, Scarlett Johansson starred in Under the Skin along with Scarlett Johansson.
I'm glad I could help!
You're very welcome!
Yes, it stars Vivica A. Fox and David Carradine and is a Thriller. Do you like those genres?
Vivica A. Fox also starred in Why Did I Get Married, have you seen it?
Yes, he also starred in Pulp Fiction, have you seen it?
I'm not really a fan of the Tennessee Titans. I do know Ken Whisenhunt is their quarterback.
I think Bud Adams was influenced by Ken Whisenhunt
I think he was alive, did you know he passed away in Tampa?
Sure, he starred in The Apostle. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, he also wrote the Apostle with Valerie Tian.
Yes, Tarnation and the Apostle also stars Cameron Diaz. Do you like that genre?
Yes, she starred in A Thousand Splendid Suns and a few more.
i didn't know that. do you like his work?
Wayman : Film Executive Produced: John Lennon. : Film Executive Produced: John Lennon. what else can i do for you?
i think so. have you ever seen a game live in person?
I'm not really a fan of his but I do know he dated Hayden Panettiere.
I haven't heard anything from her, what is the genre of this song?
I have never heard of it, is it good? Is it a good one?
Yes, The Fellowship of the Rings stars Billy Boyd. Do you like Fantasy movies?
I don't know, but he starred in The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring.
Christopher Lee starred in The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers and The Two Towers.
The Battle of Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
I actually haven't read any of the books in the series. The Titan's Curse is written by Rick Riordan.
The Lost Hero is another one. Have you heard of it?
You're welcome!
He directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen it?
He also directed There's a Wocket in My Pocket, which is a comedy. Have you seen it?
Then you might like Snow Dogs. It's also in the Animation genre.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Jennifer L. Armentrout has written several books such as Wicked and White Hot Kiss. Would you like to know more about those?
Yes, Wicked was played by Jennifer L. Armentrout.
I don't know, but I do know she authored her books Wicked.
You're welcome!
I do! She wrote Snatch which is a drama. Do you like drama?
Braveheart also starred Sylvester Stallone. Do you like his work?
It was released in 1994.
You're welcome.
I do! He wrote The Thousand Autumns of Jacob de Zoet. Have you heard of it?
The Bone Clocks is written in English. It was released in 1998.
I believe it was written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King books?
You're welcome!
Sure, he directed Superbad, which is a drama. He also directed The Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen it?
Super is starring Scarlett Johansson, Chris Hemsworth and Kevin Dillion to name a few.
He also starred in Troy, which is a historical period drama.
I hope you enjoy them!
Paul Werstine wrote The Merchant of Venice and The Merchant of Venice. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it was released in 1606. That is the same year as The Tragedie of Antony.
Yes, it was written by Robert Zemeckis.
Yes, Elysium is a thriller starring Matt Damon and Olivia Wilde. Do you like thrillers?
It's a really good movie. It's a thriller starring Matt Damon and Josh Brolin. Do you like thrillers?
I have seen him in The Martian. It also stars Tom Hanks and Matt Damon.
The Martian is starring Matt Damon. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
I'm not sure when it came out, but I do like the song Too Good at Goodbyes starring Sam Smith.
I'm not sure if it was a popular one, but I can tell you that The Thrill of It was a drama/romance.
I don't know if he like his work, but Pray is a great artist. I think he is a great artist.
I like both of them as I am a huge fan of both. What about you? What about you?
He wrote рестууление и накаание and рестууление и накаание.
It was released in 1895
Speculative fiction
I think he is a good mixed martial artist.
I don't know much about him, but he was born in Rio de Janeiro.
I'm not sure, but I think she's American as well!
He wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes
Stephen Hawking wrote The Universe in a Nutshell, The Grand Design, and A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
It's a very good one, with a lot of famous actors from the Big Bang Bang to Black Holes. It's a sci-fi/comedy film.
You're very welcome, enjoy!
I do! I like his song New Perspective. Have you heard it?
Under the Tuscan Sun was written by Frances Mayes. Would you like to know more about this book?
Under Magnolia was released in 1999.
Under Magnolia was released in 1986.
Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier and The Pacifier. Have you seen either of those?
The Pacifier is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that The Pacifier is a thriller.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like the movie because it is a drama or because it is a drama?
The Escapist is starring Seu Jorge and Seu Jorge. It is a Crime movie.
Yes, he also starred in The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou. Have you seen it?
He wrote Thirteen Moons and The Future of Us. Have you read them?
You can try Wildwood Dancing. It is also a young adult book written by Asher.
You should check out Without Fail. It is also young adult fiction.
It was released in 1995.
Is there anything else I can help with?
City of Lost souls is written by Cassandra Clare. It is a young-adult fiction novel.
I'm not sure about that, but she did write The Mortal Instruments as well.
The Mortal Instruments was released in 2011 as well. Do you like this genre?
You Are Not So Smart is written by Chris Rock.
Sure! The Historian starred in The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you seen them?
I don't know much about suspense but it was written by Ernest Hemingway. It was released in 1993.
Without Fail is written by Tony Gilroy. It is also a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're very welcome.
Would you be interested in other books written by Markus Zusak, or do you like young-adult fiction?
Did you like the movie Help because it starred Scarlett Johansson, or because it was a drama?
Yes, he did. He was also in Zookeeper. Have you seen that one?
It's considered a Romance and Drama.
You're welcome!
Sure. Did you like the movie because it starred Robert Downey Jr. or because it was a crime fiction?
The Ghost and the Darkness is a Mystery.
Yes, it is the one that stars Val Kilmer and Christopher Lee.
You are welcome.
Sure, Rupert Sanders directed Snow White and the Huntsman. Have you seen it?
Yes she did, she also starred in The Huntsman
They were written by John Lee Hancock
You're very welcome!
Mark of Athena is a Greek mythology book written by Rick Riordan.
Did you know that The Titan's Curse was written by Rick Riordan?
You're welcome!
I don't know too much about The Weeknd, is he a friend with Selena Gomez?
The Muppets is a great movie. Did you know she starred in The Muppets?
What Happens in Vegas is a comedy. Is that your favorite genre?
I do! I loved her in the movie The Muppets. Have you seen it?
Do you like Will Smith as an actor? He starred in The Pursuit of Happyness.
Yes, he did. Michael Ealy starred in a Romantic Comedy, have you seen it?
Sure, he wrote Terms of Endearment and The Merchant of Venice.
That's a good one. You might like The Incredibles. It's directed by James L. Brooks.
I think you'd enjoy Under the Tuscan Sun. It's a romantic comedy.
He directed Maleficient starring Angelina Jolie. Have you seen it?
Great, have a great day!
Yes, this is the End is a drama and comedy. Do you like those genres?
You are welcome enjoy!
John G. Avildsen starred in The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen it?
Yes, there are many great martial arts films such as The Karate Kid and The Devil's Advocate.
I am not sure who starred in The Last Dragon, but I do know it was written by George R. R. Martin.
Yes, she starred in The Cosby. It is a drama film.
You're welcome!
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is written by Kate Chopin. The next in the series is Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire
The genre is young adult fiction
Do you like the movie because it is a fantasy movie or because of the actors?
There are 3 parts in this series. The Last Man
No, I do not have that information
You are welcome
Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
Have you read The Valley of Horses or The Shelters of Stone?
The Shelters of Stone is a fantasy book that was released in 1993. It is part of a series.
If you like that one, you might also like The Graveyard Book or The Last Colony.
You're very welcome!
Derek Jacobi starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine. what else can i do for you?
Unforgivable Blackness starred Derek Jacobi and it's a Romantic Comedy
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Box and The Devil's Advocate.
That is correct. I think you'll enjoy it.
He's an Indian international cricketer and plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders. Do you like cricket?
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you? What about you?
Yes, I do. It's a great sport to watch.
I didn't know he's also an actor. What sport do you like?
Isn't he a really good basketball player?
Michael Jordan is such a great player. Do you like Space Jam because it's a comedy?
I didn't know Ghostbusters was directed by Ivan Reitman. Did you know he also directed The Longest Yard?
I don't think they are having a bad season. I'm not a fan of the Broncos.
The Sea of Monsters is written by Rick Riordan. It is a young-adult fiction novel.
It is a young-adult fiction book
Yes he wrote the Lord of the Rings
He wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Great Gatsby. Have you read any of these?
I'm not sure when it was written. I do know that it was released in 1987.
He also wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. Have you read either of those?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Michael Crichton wrote a book called Disclosure that he also wrote the book Disclosure.
I'm sorry, I don't have access to that information.
Robin Cook has written a lot of short stories and has written a lot of short stories.
You're welcome.
I've never seen it, but I love Ratatouille too! I loved the movie that he was in. It was hilarious!
Yes he does. Jason Lee starred in The Incredibles. He also starred in The Wolfman.
You're welcome
Jeremy Copperfield wrote the book David Copperfield, have you read it?
Yes it is a biography
Jeremy Tambling also wrote a book called Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
I don't know any other song by him, but I do know that he's a really good artist.
Yes, it was Rhythm and Blues and blues
I don't know if he's a good person, but if you like Justin Bieber you should check out Better Luck Tomorrow
It's speculative fiction novel written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. It's a speculative fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
Siddhartha was written by Hilda Rosner and Hermann Hesse. Would you like more books written by Hesse?
The Thief of Always was written by George R>R. Martin.
He has also written The Little Friend and The Thief of Always. Have you heard of them?
You're very welcome!
Yes, it was written by J.R.R. Tolkien. It also starred Orlando Bloom and Billy Boyd.
Then you might like The Return of the King or The Lord of the Rings.
I haven't heard much about him, but I heard he's a great athlete.
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes is part of a series written by Arthur Conan Doyle. The next book in the series is The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes. Do you like the genre or the author?
Cool! The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes is the first book in the series by Arthur Conan Doyle. Would you like to know more about this book?
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes is the genre Crime Fiction.
I am not sure about the short story, but it was released in 1998.
The Girl on the Train is a psychological thriller novel written by Paula Hawkins. Do you like her work?
The Girl on the Train was written by Reese Witherspoon. It was released in 2012.
I don't know anything about movies filmed in Mexico but The Girl on the Train was filmed in Mexico.
I'm not really familiar with his music, but I heard he's a good singer
I've never heard of him. Is he a good actor?
I do like her! She starred in What Happens in Vegas. Have you seen it?
David O. Russell starred in The Shawshank Redemption and The Princess Diaries. Have you seen them?
Yes, Nora Dunn starred in it, have you seen it?
He also starred in The Rock, have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995. It is a drama/romance novel.
Yes, it was also written by Christopher Bigsby
Yes, it is. Do you like Drama movies?
Christopher Bigsby also wrote The Manchurian Candidate which you might like
You're very welcome!
He starred in The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban.
Yes, it is the same.
I don't know any of her movies, but I do know she starred in The Witch of Blackbird Pond and The Giver.
Yes, it is a great movie! I think you will enjoy it!
You're very welcome!
David Yates directed The Legend of Tarzan and The Colditz Story. Have you seen either of those?
Absolutely! He has directed Fantastic Mr. David Yates. He also directed The Legend of Tarzan. Have you seen that one?
You're very welcome!
He wrote The Mask and The Dark Knight. Have you read either of those?
I don't know any other books in that genre but I do know Catch-22 is written by Joseph Heller.
You're welcome!
Stefan Kapicic Starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
It also stars Stefan Kapicic and Charlize Theron. Have you seen that one?
I believe it is the power of a lead film, as well as a comedy.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is written by J.K. Rowling. It's a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I recommend Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
E. Lockhart wrote We Were Liars and The Disreputable History of Frankie Landaue-Banks
It is in English. Did you know that it was released in 2002?
You're welcome. Enjoy the books.
Interstellar starred Matthew McConaughey. Do you like the movie because it's a drama?
If you like Interstellar, you might like Zombieland. Have you seen that one?
If you like that one, you might also like the X-Men series. Have you seen this one yet?
I am not sure who stars in this movie, but it is directed by Chris Weitz, have you seen it?
If you like Peter Capaldi, you might also like Zombieland, have you seen this one yet?
I do! I like his song We Rode in Trucks.
I don't know, but I do know that he is a pop rock singer.
I don't know, but I do know that he is a pop artist.
He directed Equilibrium and Timequake.
You might like The Prestige also starring Emily Watson. Have you seen it?
She's great. I really liked her in The Stand. Have you seen it?
You're welcome
I do, he starred in The Verdict. Have you seen it?
He also wrote At the Water's Edge
It is speculative fiction genre
Do you like The Selection because it is written by Kiera Cass or because it is a Young-adult fiction?
She also wrote The Siren, The Queen, and The Prince. Have you read any of these?
Hope you enjoy it
You're very welcome
Richard Linklater directed Waking Life. Waking Life is starring Steven Soderbergh. what else can i do for you?
It is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like those genres?
You are welcome
He directed Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
It was written by John Green and is a young-adult fiction.
John Green also wrote Paper Towns and Looking for Alaska.
Are you interested in any other books written by John Green?
Would you be interested in other books written by John Green?
Good Will Hunting is directed by Matt Damon. Do you like drama films?
He also directed Pretty Little Liars. Have you seen that one?
Yes! That is a great movie. Did you know he also produced My Own Private Idaho?
I loved him in My Own Private Idaho! That was a great movie!
He wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames and Naked. Have you read either of those?
I don't know much about him, but he did write When You Are Engulfed in Flames and SantaLand Diaries. Are you a fan of that genre?
I don't know too much about them either. He is influenced by Selena Gomez
It was written by E. Lockhart. It was released in 2014 and written by E. Lockhart.
E. Lockhart also wrote The Silence of the Lambs, The Black Dahlia and The Wild Life. Have you read any of these?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that it was released in 2014, which is the same year as The Boyfriend List.
You're very welcome!
Yes, he wrote Thirteen Moons and the book The Little Prince. Have you read either of those?
Thirteen Moons is considered a historical novel. Do you like these genres?
Thirteen Moons is written by Charles Frazier. It is also considered historical fiction.
You're welcome.
I have not heard much about BTS, other than they are a K-pop band. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure. I know they starred in What About Bob? and The Mask. Have you heard those?
Scott O'Dell starred in Island of the Blue Dolphins . Have you seen it?
He wrote Island of the Blue Dolphins and The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
Yes, he did. Éric-Emmanuel Schmitt is a writer, poet, film director and film director.
Ma Long is a table tennis athlete from China. Are you a fan?
Yes, he did. Do you like any other sports ?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Het Achterhuis: Dagboekbrieven 14 juni 1942 - 1 augustus 1944 - 1 augustus 1944 - 1 augustus 1944 - 1 augustus 1944 - 1 augustus 1944
It is in English
I don't know anything about Eleanor Roosevelt, but he was born in Franklin D. Roosevelt
You're welcome
That was written by Nicholas Pileggi and Robert Zemeckis. It is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Goodfellas is starring Nicholas Cage. Do you like his acting?
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller?
What Just Happened is starring Robert DeNiro and Julia Robert DeNiro.
Yes, it was written by Art Linson.
You're welcome!
Do you like it because it is a drama or because it is a crime movie?
Beneath stars in What Lies Beneath along with Holly Hunter.
I don't have any information on what Lies Beneath was released in 1998.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Boston Celtics is a basketball team coached by Doc Rivers and Brad Stevens. Are you a fan?
I do. I like to watch football movies. How about you?
I do, I like to watch the Lakers. I am a huge Lebron James fan.
Is he a good player?
Yes, he starred in the Pianist. Have you seen it?
Yes Jason Statham also starred in The Wash which is a crime fiction film
Simon West directed The Secret Life of Bees, which is a crime fiction film
Natalie Babbitt wrote Tuck Everlasting, which is a Speculative fiction book.
Yes, Tuck Everlasting is a Children's book. It is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like children's literature?
Yes, Voyager is a romance novel. It is part of a series.
No problem, enjoy!
Did you like the movie because it was a comedy?
Roland Emmerich also directed The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Have you seen those?
Yes, Tom McCarthy starred in that movie as well
You are welcome!
I know that Basher Savage starred in Gravity, have you seen it?
Gravity was released in 2010. It also stars Alfonso Cuarón.
Gravity was released in 2013. Alfonso Cuarón also directed it.
The Sci-Fi Adventures of Huckleberry Finn starring Alfon Savage is Sci-Fi
You're very welcome
I don't really like Las Vegas, but I do like the Oakland Raiders. Do you like the Oakland Raiders?
I didn't realize they were in Oakland, right? I thought Oakland was a great place to visit.
I'm not sure, but I think it was Dallas Cowboys & Aliens. Do you like Oakland?
Yes, it was written by Christopher Nolan and starring Hugh Jackman and Christian Bale.
Yes, The Prestige is starring Scarlett Johansson
Rebecca Hall starred in The Dark Knight
You are welcome
Catch 22 is written by Joseph Heller. It's a war novel.
Yes, it is a war novel. Have you read it?
I don't know any similar books, but I do know that Scarlett Johansson also wrote it.
You're welcome.
Sure, P.C. Cast wrote Untamed, Redeemed, Tempted, and Revealed. Have you read any of these?
It was released in 2012. It's considered a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I do. It's written by Richard Maxwell. It's a historical novel. Do you like historical fiction?
It sure is! Did you know the book was released in 1988?
You are correct. Did you know that Zadie Smith also wrote A Tale of Two Cities?
You're welcome.
John Lasseter directed The Truman Show, which is a drama. Do you like drama?
Cars was released in 1998.
Yes, Peter Jacobson starred in Cars 2 along with Tom Hanks.
You're very welcome!
Wladimir Klitschko starred in Ocean's Eleven.
I don't know much about her but I do know she starred in Ocean's Eleven.
Yes, he is. I love the movie Remember the Titans.
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football team based in Chicago, Illinois
I like the redskins. Who is their quarterback this year?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure. That was written by Terry Pratchett and Neil Gaiman, who also wrote The Last Hero.
Yes that is correct. Terry Pratchett also wrote Wyrd Sisters
I would recommend Witches Abroad, Witches Abroad and Witches Abroad
I'm not sure, but I think he plays for the Golden State Warriors.
I think he is 41 years old
Yes, he is the taller
You're welcome
Anthony Heald starred in The Silence of the Lambs. Have you seen that movie?
I am not sure Ted Tally starred in The Silence of the Lambs. Ted Tally also starred in The Casual Vacancy.
If you like thrillers, you might also enjoy Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard. Have you seen either of those?
You're welcome!
Yes, I am a fan of the Transformers. Do you like action movies?
Yes, Shia Lebouf also starred in that movie as well.
I recommend Horrible Bosses 2 or Escape from the Planet of the Apes.
I do not know much about him, but I do know he's a basketball player.
Not really a basketball fan. I prefer the Lakers. How about you?
I'm not sure when they played, but Michael Jordan was pretty good. Do you like him?
I don't have any books similar to Hush but I can recommend movies directed by Chris Weitz. Have you seen it?
Yes it is. Spells is a series
Yes it is, another Romance novel is Beautiful Creatures
You're welcome, enjoy!
You too!
Justin Rose is a professional Golfer born in London.
That's a great sport to watch. What genres do you like to watch?
I have seen Happy Gilmore! It stars Adam Sandler and Adam Sandler.
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know they are coached by Jim Caldwell
I like the New England Patriots, but I'm not a big fan of the New England Patriots. What is your favorite team?
I don't know too much about theirs, I'm a Bears fan too. I like the Dolphins too.
Yes, he wrote Rayuela in 1963.
I have not read that one, but I heard it was released in 1963.
You're welcome.
I don't know a lot about her, but I think she is a singer.
I had no idea. Did you know she was in The Giver, a science fiction film?
That's good. Did you know the Giver was produced by Lois Lowry, who also produced The Lorax.
Are you talking about the book Looking for Alaska written by John Green?
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars and Paper Towns.
If you like young adult fiction, you would like The Fault in Our Stars written by John Green. It is a similar book.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He starred in Breakfast at Tiffany's and Murder by Death.
Yes he did. In Cold Blood was written by Truman Capote. Have you seen it?
I have not seen it but I know it was directed by Truman Capote. Have you seen Murder by Death?
Yes, he starred in Tangled. Would you like to know more about this movie?
Mandy Moore was also in Shark Night. Have you seen it?
I would recommend True Greno if you haven't seen it.
Yes, he sure does! He's such a wide range of talents!
Tom Hanks also starred in Larry Crowne as well as wrote it!
You're very welcome!
I do! It's a science fiction novel written by Philip Pullman.
The Goonies, starring Robin Williams, is a good Sci-Fi movie. Have you seen it yet?
I do not have that information, but I can tell you that The Third Kind was released in 1998.
I can tell you that A Beautiful Mind starred Charlize Theron. It was written by Margaret Stohl.
You're welcome. He also starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which is a comedy.
I'm sorry, I don't have anything else I can do to help.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Another movie starring Marlon Brando is Goodfellas. Have you seen it?
Tony Cox directed The Scent of a Woman.
No, Joe Mantegna actually directed The Godfather Part II. Have you seen it?
I don't know of any films he has acted in but he did star in The Godfather Part III.
Witless Protection is a Drama and Romance Film.
Witless Protection is written by Margaret Atwood and stars Al Pacino. Al Pacino is a great actor.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that one.
You're welcome!
Isn't she a singer?
I'm sorry I don't know much about her, is she a singer?
I'm not sure but I do know she has a few of her songs. Is there any particular genre you like?
Not really, I am a huge fan of the old music but I have heard some of their old music. What's your favorite song of his?
I personally like their pop rock, so I like some of their songs. What's your favorite?
I'm a huge fan of their pop and soul music genres. I would recommend checking out some of their playlists.
Craig T. Nelson starred in movies like Wag the Dog, Wag the Dog, and The Devil's Advocate. Have you seen any of these?
He was also in The Witch of Blackbird Pond. Have you seen that one?
He was also in The Wicker Man. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Tyrone Giordano also starred in The Titanic and The Aviator.
I don't know anything about Diane Keaton, but I do know she starred in The Winter's Tale and The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
Sylvia Plath wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath.
No I don't have that, but I do have The Journals of Sylvia Plath, Ariel, Ariel, a children's literature.
I don't have that information, but I can send it to you.
I'm not sure if he acted in but he was in The Wiz. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure if it's a ballad, but it was written by John Lennon.
That's right! It was written by John Lennon, who also wrote The Whale.
I sure can! Tim Miller directed Deadpool. Have you seen it?
Deadpool has genre Fantasy. Do you like comedy films?
I don't know who directed Zoolander, but it is directed by Frank Herbert.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He wrote II Principe didn't he?
I'm not sure about that, but it was released in 1513.
Il Principe was written by Niccolo Machiavelli. It was released in 1513.
Il Principe was written by Niccolo Machiavelli.
Yes, he wrote The Last Man in Rome and The Virgin Suicides.
I'm sorry. I do not have that information.
Yes, it is written in English.
Alice Walker wrote The Temple of My Familiar, have you read any of these?
The Color Purple is a fantasy book, it was released in 1958
I am not sure if it is Musical, but it is speculative fiction
Memento is written by Christopher Nolan, Christopher Nolan, Christopher Nolan, Christopher Nolan, and Christopher Nolan.
Angus Macfadyen starred in Memento
You are welcome
I think he is a very good athlete
Real Madrid is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a striker for French club Barcelona
I like Arsenal a lot, I like them too. Real Madrid is great.
Sure! Did you like The Scarlet Letter because it was written by Jane Austen or because it is a historical fiction?
He wrote The World According to Garp and The Cider House Rules.
It is a crime fiction. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 1986.
You're welcome!
Yes, F. Gary Gray starred in Set It Off, The Matrix Revolutions, and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen any of those?
Princess Mononoke stars Jada Pinkett Smith. Are you a fan of hers?
It is an animated film. It stars Tom Hanks and Rosario Dawson. Do you like animated films?
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
Have you seen Ocean's Thirteen? It's a drama.
The Fight Club is a drama film directed by Matt Damon. It stars Ocean's Thirteen.
I don't have a specific genre but I can tell you that The Scarlett Johansson is starring in Brat Club.
If you like Brad Pitt, you might like The Women of Brewster Place. It is a drama.
You're welcome.
It's a romance novel written by Kurt Wimmer. Do you like romance novels?
If you like action films, you might also enjoy X-Men 2 or World War Z. Have you seen those?
It is! It is considered a Romantic film. You might also like The Fountains of Paradise.
Yes, Harbhajan Singh plays cricket for the Mumbai Indians.
Do you like a particular genre? Or are you a fan?
That's a great post apocalyptic fiction.
I'm not really a fan of the Los Angeles Lakers. I think they are coached by Doc Rivers.
I think he is a good coach
Yes, Holes is written by Louis Sachar. It was released in 1998.
Louis Sachar also wrote Les Fleurs du mal. They are both speculative fiction books.
I think you'd enjoy it. Is there anything else I can help with?
I know that he's a professional basketball player. He plays the point guard for the Golden State Warriors. Do you like basketball?
I'm not sure, but I think he has won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award.
They've been in a lot of great movies. They've been in a lot of great movies. They've been in a lot of great movies.
You're welcome!
Ethan Suplee is a composer and songwriter. He starred in Vulgar
It is a drama and comedy. It stars Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie Pitt, to name a couple.
Yes, it is a drama and comedy film. It was released in 1999.
Sure, he is best known for his roles in The Titans and The Lady in the Iron Mask.
Glad I could help. Enjoy the film.
I don't know much about soccer, but I think they are a soccer team. Do you like soccer?
I haven't heard much about soccer, what sports do you like?
Yes, it was written by Terry Goodkind. It was released in 1994. Have you read it?
Sure, have you tried The Pillars of Creation or The Young-adult fiction genre?
It's considered Speculative fiction and Fantasy.
Nineteen Eighty-Four is written by George Orwell. It's a great book.
It is Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
He wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
It is a Historical novel.
You are welcome.
It is a children's book.
You are welcome.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about him other than he plays quarterback for the Carolina Panthers.
I think so. Did you know he was born in Houston? That's a great quarterback.
I like Stephen Gostkowski too. I think he's a great quarterback. Do you like him?
I do! He fought Oscar De La Hoya. Do you like boxing?
What is your favation?
Yes, I did know he was also a teacher.
The Time Machine was written by H.G. Wells who also wrote The War of the Worlds. Have you heard of it?
It was written by John Green. Are you interested in other books by him?
Star Wars is a science fiction book
Twilight is written by Stephenie Meyer, who also wrote The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner.
Then you might like The Warrior's Way, also written by Stephenie Meyer. Have you seen those?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great! Anything else I can help you with?
Andrew Garfield starred in The Social Network and The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you seen either of those?
The Other Boleyn Girl starred Andrew Garfield and Andrew Garfield. It stars Emma Stone and Emma Stone.
I am not sure, but I do know she also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man 2.
Sure, how to Win Friends and Influence People is written by Dale carnegie. Similar books are The Happiness Project and The Happiness Project.
I would recommend How to Win Friends and Influence People by Dale Carnegie.
He also wrote How to Win Friends and Influence People.
You're welcome.
Do you like the movie because it's a drama?
Jack Reacher is starring Tom Cruise. It is a action adventure film. Do you like adventure films?
Tom Cruise is a great actor. He starred in Days of Thunder. Have you seen that one?
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore to name a few.
I do! He's one of the best hip hop artist now.
I don't know much about Ziggy Marley. Did you know he is from Brazil?
I don't have any of his songs, but he is a great artist. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Do you like the movie Ratatouille because it is a Romantic Comedy?
Do you like the movie because it's a thriller?
You're welcome!
Do you like it because it is a Thriller?
Have you seen Shark Night or X-Men 2? They are both crime thrillers.
I'm not sure about that, but I do know it stars Steve Buscemi and Jake Gyllenhaal
Great, I'll add them to your list.
It's a fiction novel written by Paula McLain and released in 2011.
No I have not, but I heard it was written by Paula McLain.
I'm not sure of the year but it was released in 2011.
I am not sure, but it is in English.
I don't know too much about her, but I think she's a really good singer. Do you like her music?
I don't know a lot about her. I think she is a great friend of Taylor Swift though. I think she is a friend of hers.
I don't know if she does. I think she is a friend with Aiken, but she hasn't won the awards for her performance.
I do, I love reality television shows. I also like the movie The Truman Show. Have you seen it?
Yes, it was written by Cassandra Clare. Would you like to know more about it?
If you like the City of Fallen Angels, you might also enjoy The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars.
Sure! Cassandra Clare also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Ashes; City of Ashes; City of Ashes; City of Glass, and City of Ashes. Have you read any of these?
No problem, enjoy!
Terry George directed Hotel Rwanda, starring Sophie Okonedo and Robert Duvall.
It's considered a drama.
The Other Boleyn Girl starred Scarlett Johansson, who also starred in The Jungle.
The Other Boleyn Girl is a Psychological Thriller.
The Other Boleyn Girl is a history movie. Do you like this genre?
I am not sure about that but I can tell you The Other Boleyn Girl is starring Ginnifer Lewis.
He wrote The Castle as well as Amerika.
The Castle was released in 2003. It's a speculative fiction novel.
It's a fiction novel. It's considered young adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're very welcome!
Steven Spielberg directed Maleficent. Have you seen it?
I don't have that information, but I do know that Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks star in Catch Me If You Can. It's a comedy.
Paula Hawkins wrote The Red Pony which is a fiction novel.
Yes it was, it was directed by Paula Hawkins
You're very welcome
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren, The Queen, and The Prince. Have you read any of these?
The Siren is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
Yes, I do. If you like young adult fiction, you'll enjoy The Siren. It's similar to The Queen.
Modern Prometheus is written by Percy Bysshe Shelley and Percy Bysshe Shelley.
Percy Bysshe Shelley wrote Frankenstein and The Last Man.
He has also starred in The Last Man in Romeo and Juliet.
Oh yeah, I loved her in Valentine's day as well. She also starred in The Iron Giant. Have you seen it?
Yes, it was written by John Green. It is a young-adult fiction book. Do you like that genre?
No I have not. Are you interested in any of these books?
Isn't he a basketball player?
Did you know Walt Frazier starred in Space Jam
Yes they have become a point guards as well. Do you like basketball?
It was written by James Dashner and is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Yes I have. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure. Do you like X-Men because it's a sci-fi or because it's a sci-fi movie?
I do not have that information, but I can tell you that Robert Downey Jr. starred in this movie.
Volcano is starring Tom Berenger and Liam Neeson. It is a Thriller/Crime film.
I have not seen it, but I heard it was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr..
Yes, she was in that movie as well. It was directed by Roland Emmerich
Missy Eliot was the male lead in the film.
You're welcome
Cristiano Ronaldo plays soccer for the Real Madrid F.C Barcelona and the Portugal national team.
Not really. I prefer American Football. Real Madrid is a great place to visit. Have you been there?
I like basketball and football. What is your favorite sport?
I do. What sports do you like?
My favorite team is the Redskins. What is yours?
I do too! I think their home venue is beautiful.
Alan Rickman starred in The Wildest Dream. Have you seen it?
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Yes! Did you know that Rodney Dangerfield also starred in The Manchurian Candidate? That's a drama.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Jonathan Dayton has written Little Miss Sunshine, a children's literature, and he wrote Little Miss Sunshine.
Did you know that Abigail Breslin also produced Little Miss Sunshine?
I don't have that information, but I do know The Incredible Burt Wonderstone was released in 2007.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Jason Derulo is a singer-songwriter and songwriter. Do you know if he is in a relationship with Jordan Sparks?
I don't know if Jason Derulo is in a relationship with Jordin Sparks, he is a good songwriter
I haven't had a long time since I've heard of it. Is that a good one?
Sure, What Alice Forgot was written by Liane Moriarty and released in 2009. Are you interested in this genre?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you Big Little Lies was released in 2014. It's a comedy.
I can tell you that Ender's Game has a sequel called Speaker for the Dead.
Speakers of the Dead is speculative fiction and science fiction genre
Waylander is written by George R. R. Martin
you are welcome
Aladdin is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
The Princess and the Frog is directed by Ron Clements
You are welcome
She starred in The Muppets and The Muppets.
I haven't seen it yet, I will have to check it out. Did you know she starred in The Wedding?
Yes, she was in The Muppets too. Have you seen it?
Do you like Coldplay because it's a band?
I don't know too much about Yellow, just that it was released in 1985. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes they were! Amsterdam was a great place. Have you seen it?
Sure! He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton. Have you seen it?
Titan A. E. Also starred Tom Hanks.
Yes she is starring in The Birdcage.
You're welcome.
Kahilbran wrote The Good, the Bad, the Weird Science. Have you read this one yet?
yes it is. what else can i answer for you today?
The Prophet was released 2011. what else can i do for you today?
you are welcome
Yes, he starred in the movie Better Luck Tomorrow.
Sure, he starred in What Happens in Vegas, Star Wars: Episode II - Revenge of the Fallen.
I'm not sure genre, but it's hip hop music.
I do! He starred in The Wildest Dream. Have you seen that movie?
I am not sure about it but i believe it is a fiction book
It came out in 2004
I will try it
Do you like it because it's a thriller or because it stars Hugh Jackman?
Rise of the Guardians has genre Drama
William Joyce also wrote Rise of the Guardians.
You're welcome
The movie Red stars Morgan Freeman. Do you like crime fiction movies?
Yes, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen them?
Mike Starr also starred in The Black Dahlia, have you seen it?
I don't have any more information on that author, but he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia.
Great choice, Shooter is written by Stephen King and starring Scarlett Johansson. Do you like his movies?
It stars Scarlett Johansson and Robert Downey Jr. Do you like any of them?
Yes, Tate did star in the tv series The O.C. Is there anything else I can help with?
I hope you enjoy it!
Did you like the movie because it was starring Marlon Brando?
You might like the movie The Godfather, written by Francis Ford Coppola, or the movie written by Francis Ford Coppola.
I am not sure who stars in it, but it is a drama film.
Yes, Maleficent stars Sam Elliott and Ashley Judd. It's a fantasy movie. Do you like that genre?
Sure. She was also in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen that one?
Yes Mr and Mrs Smith was in Mr. and Mrs Smith. Have you seen it?
Yes, I did see that one as well.
Owen Wilson was in Zookeeper too. He was in that one too.
Yes he plays for the Germany national football team.
He plays the position of Midfielder and forward.
Toni Kroos plays the position of forward and midfielder.
Isn't he a player on the Portugal national football team?
No, I am not sure. I do know he is a player on the Portugal national football team.
I do not know, but I do know he was born in Barcelona.
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Would you like to know more about this movie?
Yes, he was in Edge of Tomorrow. Did you know he also starred in The Fault in Our Stars?
If you like thrillers like Edge of Tomorrow, you might also like A Bug's Life or The Avengers.
Yes that is true. Do you like him as an actor?
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's a great movie! It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
I haven't seen it either, but I heard it's a drama. Do you like dramas?
I like murder mystery too. I think you will enjoy it.
I haven't seen it but I heard it is great. Is it a good one?
Margaret Stohl wrote Beautiful Redemption and Beautiful Redemption. Have you read either of these?
Sure. She wrote a couple of her books, such as What My Mother Doesn't Know. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it did. It was directed by Margaret Stohl. Are you interested in this genre?
I am not a baseball fan but I do know they are owned by George Steinbrenner.
I am not sure where he is from. Did you know the Yankees are owned by George Steinbrenner?
The movie Inside Man is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I do not have that information, is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm not sure what else he produced, but he produced Tootsie which is a crime fiction film.
I am not sure but I do know it was produced by Steve Oedekerk
I don't know much about it but I do know it is a comedy.
Do you like Michael Rapaport because of his work?
Yes, Good Will Hunting starred Matt Damon and was written by Matt Damon. Do you like drama films?
That is correct and Robin Williams starred in it as well.
No I have not heard of them. What genre do you like?
You're very welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Bill Neukom.
I didn't he? I like Joe Montana too. I like the New York Jets though, how about you?
I like the Steelers, they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLVIII.
Do you like the book because it is a drama or because it is also a film?
The Women of Brewster Place is written by William Shakespeare.
The Women of Brewster Place is starring Scarlett Johansson and John Ratzenberger.
Oprah Winfrey also starred in The Color Purple and Oprah's Calling.
You're very welcome.
Dark Lover is speculative fiction novel written by J.R. Ward and released in 2005. It is a part of a series.
Yes, it was also released in 2005. It also starred Ralph Fiennes.
The Mist was written by John Scalzi and it's considered a thriller. I think you'd enjoy it too.
You might like Zoe's Tale, Xenocide or Xenocide.
You're very welcome!
Shelley Starred in Time Bandits which is a romantic comedy. Do you like comedies?
It's considered a horror film. It was written by Frank Darabont and starring Frank Welker.
I'd recommend checking out The Big Bang Theory if you liked it.
You're very welcome!
Oliver Hirschiegel starred in The Invasion and Downfall
The Invasion stars Robert Downfall. He also starred in the movie The Invasion.
She's been in quite a few films. She's been in The Day After Tomorrow, The Death Cure, and The Black Dahlia.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know he's a basketball player but I don't follow basketball much. Do you like her?
Cadillac Records stars Dwyane Wade. He also starred in Truly Mady Guilty. Have you seen it?
I think so. Did you know she starred in The Muppets?
I have not, but I think I've seen the movie that Bradley Cooper was in. Is it a drama?
I'm not sure, but I do have Will Smith and Morgan Freeman to name a few. I think you'd enjoy it.
Martin Gardner wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you seen that?
It was written by Christopher Paolini and released in 1843. It is considered young adult fiction.
Yes, it was written by Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.
You are very welcome!
Do you like the movie because it is a Fantasy or because it is a Fantasy movie?
He was in Troy, Troy, and Troy. Do any of those sound interesting to you?
He also starred in Troy, have you seen it?
You're very welcome!
I like Sylvia Plath. She wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath. Have you read it?
I don't know much about him other than he plays golf. Do you like him?
I've seen Happy Gilmore. I love Adam Sandler in that movie. What genre do you like?
I loved Hot Tub Time Machine too. Did you see that one?
Eric Bress directed The Butterfly Effect and The Butterfly Effect.
The Butterfly Effect is a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
Do you like it because it's a thriller?
It is a drama/fantasy that was released in 1999.
I don't have any more information on the Crime Dramas, but I do have some other movies directed by Alan Pakula.
Juno has genre Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
I would recommend X-Men Apocalypse, which is also a Young Adult Film.
Yes, it is a comedy film.
Bradley Cooper stars in the movie You've Got Mail and The Messenger
Bradley Cooper has been in a lot of movies. One of my favorites is X-Men Apocalypse
Bradley Cooper starred in The Hangover too, you should watch it
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans and The Light Between Oceans.
Yes it was released in 2012 and it was written by Audrey Hepburn
Have you seen The Golden Compass? It is also a drama and it was released in 2012.
You should watch Without Remorse if you haven't seen it.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
Ralph Fiennes wrote Lullaby.
He also wrote Persuasion, Persuasion, and Jumanji.
Yes, Shooter is written by Robert Mark Kamen and starring Scarlett Johansson.
I liked it. Did you know that Tate Donovan starred in The Olympics?
He was also in The Fountains of Paradise and The Fountains of Paradise. Have you seen either of those?
It's been a long time since I watched it.
Rocky is a Thriller movie. Do you like the genre or are you interested in movies in the same genre?
Sylvester Stallone also wrote The Temple of My Familiar. Have you seen it?
It's considered a martial arts film.
You're welcome.
Water For Elephants is written by Sara Gruen. She also wrote At the Water's Edge.
Great. You should check out At the Water's Edge. It's a historical period drama.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome.
I didn't know he's a good basketball player. Did you know he starred in The Pacifier?
I am not a big basketball fan. What is your favorite player?
What is your favorite sport to watch?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Sure, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time by Mark Haddon is written by Mark Haddon, and it was released in 2003.
He also wrote The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time and The Casual Vacancy. Have you read either of those?
Do you like the movie Godfather because it is a drama?
Yes it is. It also starred Scarlett Johansson. Do you like her movies?
Have you seen The Godfather II? It stars Scarlett Johansson.
I would recommend The Godfather Part II, it stars Scarlett Johansson.
I do! I loved her in The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen it?
Absolutely. Prisoner of Shark Island is a drama film, have you seen it?
Absolutely. I really like his music.
Private Benjamin is a Parody movie
You are very welcome
Sure, Meg Cabot wrote The Godfather and The Boy in the Striped Pajamas. Have you read either of those?
Underworld is a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy books?
I don't know any other books by her, but I do have one called White Oleander which is drama.
You're very welcome!
Do you like the actors in Insomnia because it's a thriller?
I don't have any information on the actors, but I can recommend some other thrillers if you like.
I don't know when it came out, but I do know he also stars in The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1, and Part 2.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Craig Ferguson starred in movies like Winnie the Pooh and Winnie the Pooh. Have you seen either of those?
Sure, he also starred in Who's That Girl and Loossip Girl
Saving Grace was released in 1994.
Isn't she a tennis player?
Oh I see. Its so funny. Its been a while since I watched the movie. Its about tennis, have you seen it?
I didn't know that but I know she starred in the movie Hair Show.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Bill Neukom.
Oh wow! I think they are both a great team. I think they have made some appearances on Monday Night Football.
I'm not sure. The title is a book. Would you like to know more about it?
127 Hours is a Thriller/Drama. Do you like Thriller movies?
James Franco also starred in X-Men 2. Have you seen that one?
He was also in X-Men: First Class. Have you seen those?
Yes, it was written by Vince Flynn. It stars Tom Hanks and Robert Downey Jr.
It's considered a Romance and Drama
You're welcome!
Isn't he a cricket player?
It's soccer. It's more of a sport to play. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure. Is there anything in particular you'd like to know?
The Chronicles of Narnia is written by C.S. Lewis and it is a young-adult fiction book. Do you like fiction books?
He wrote The Voyage of the Dawn Treader, The Silver Chair, The Silver Chair, and The Silver Chair. Have you read any of these?
I believe it to be fantasy. Would you like to know more about this?
Glad to be of help
Sure, J.M. Barrie wrote Peter pan
There is another great book called The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
Yes, The Story of a Doctor Dolittle was adapted into a film. Another good book is The Golden Compass
Sure, The Sea Wolf is a fiction book.
Sure, The Sea Wolf is a Fiction/ Children's literature book.
Sure, The Sea Wolf was written by Maleficent.
Richard Pevear wrote Paccka. It is in English.
That is the only book I have by Richard Pevear. Did you know he is a scientist?
I do not have that information at my finger tips but I do have some information on Eecbl.
No I don't, but I do have The Cabin in the Woods written by Josh Brolin.
Yes, she wrote it and it was released in 2012. Do you like her work?
Yes it is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Do you like the movie because it's a Sci-Fi movie or because it's a romance movie?
Then you might like The Incredible Hulk or The Avengers.
Yes he directed The Lost World: Jurassic Park and The Raiders of the Lost Ark
It also has genre Sci-Fi
2006 was the year it was released. Have you seen it?
I would have to say, The Blind Side is a war film. Is that the genre you are looking for?
I recommend The Long Goodbye if you like biographies.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information at hand but I do know that Sean Penn is a film producer and director.
You're very welcome! Enjoy!
I think she is a very good tennis player. She and her sister Serena are very good at it.
I do not watch tennis but I do watch it when it comes on TV.
I don't have either but I do have a doubles as Serena
Yes, it is a great movie. It stars Tom Hanks and Chris Hemsworth. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Woman in Gold is a great movie. I haven't seen it yet, but I have seen it yet. I haven't seen it yet. I haven't seen it yet.
I haven't seen it but I've heard Scarlett Johansson also stars in The Prestige. Is it good?
Sure, Do you like Hugh Jackman movies or just dramas?
It was directed by Woody Allen. Do you like his movies?
It stars Edward Scissorhands and Emma Stone.
I don't have that information, is there anything else I can help you with?
I have not seen it but I know it was written by Michael Dougherty. Do you like him?
It is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
You've Got Mail is a great drama. It also stars Frank Welker. Have you seen it?
Tom Hanks also starred in The Campaign, an Indie Film.
I'm sure you will enjoy it.
you're welcome
Did you like the movie because it was written by Dan Brown or because it was a thriller?
What else can i answer for you today?
what else can i do for you today?
Do you like Marley and Me, because it is a Romantic comedy?
I am not sure, but it is adapted as a film.
The movie is based on the book, but the movie is based on the book is based on the book.
OK, have a good day.
Yes, and if you like Daniel Handler, you'll enjoy the movie.
You're very welcome!
Great, have a good day.
I have not read Outlander but I know it was written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
I'm not sure what else she wrote, but she has written Outlander. Are you a fan of science fiction?
I don't know any other books by her but I do know My Own Heart's Blood is a fiction novel.
Drums of Hearts is the second book in the series. Its part of a series.
I think he's a great soccer player but I don't know much about him.
I don't really follow soccer, but I do know he is a midfielder.
Yes Ryan Gosling starred in The Fifty Shades of Grey. Have you seen that one?
Roland Emmerich directed The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Have you seen those?
Independence day is a sci-fi thriller. Do you like sci-fi?
I don't have any information on his other movies, but I can tell you he starred in Who's That Girl.
Wyatt Earp was directed by Roland Emmerich.
I love Madonna! I think she starred in Who's That Girl. What about you?
I don't have a favorite, but Madonna is a songwriter too. Who is your favorite artist?
I like his song Tiny Dancer. What about you?
I like the New York Jets. They're a great team. I'm a fan of the New York Jets.
I'm not a big fan of football but I do know they're a great team. Who's your favorite player?
I did not know that. I think the New York Jets has won a lot of trophies.
Yes, he wrote Snatch and Snatch. Have you heard of them?
It stars Robert Downey Jr. and is a thriller. Do you like these genres?
I'm not sure of the release date. Sorry.
Sure, I can do that. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, I know he starred in Scream 4 and a Thriller. Are you a fan?
I haven't heard much about them. I am not a big fan of their music but I have heard they're very good.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
Stefan Kapicic has starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
I'm not sure if Ryan Reynolds starred in Deadpool, but he also starred in The Proposal.
Eminem was in The Wash and The Wash. Have you seen those movies?
I'm not sure about Snoop Dogg, but I think he is friends with Snoop Dogg.
I don't think so, but if you like Timabaland you might also like Snoop Dogg, you might like it.
You're very welcome!
Shelley Duvall starred in Time Bandits. Do you like comedies?
Time Bandits was released in 2002 and also stars Eddie Redmayne and Al Pacino.
It's a drama/romance released in 2002. It was released in 2002.
She was also in Twilight of the Ice Nymphs. Do you like horror films?
Donna Tartt wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read any of these?
It's considered a historical fiction. Do you like those genres?
She also wrote The Little Friend and The Goldfinch. Have you read those?
It's considered a historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
Michael Bay starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you seen it?
I don't know a lot about it, but if you like Sci-Fi genre you might like X-Men 2. Have you seen it?
Yes, that's correct. Dwayne Johnson also starred in another one called The Hunting Party.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Is he an athlete that plays Cricket for the Mumbai Indians?
Not really. I know a few cricket players like Rohit Sharma. Is he a good player?
Yes. I like football. What's your favorite team?
I think the commercials will make it to the Super Bowl XLI. It's been a while since I watched it.
She starred in The Wild Life, The Wild Life, and The Wild Life.
Yes, she was also in Little Man. Have you seen that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that movie. Can I help you with anything else?
I do! I'm sure you will enjoy it!
Audrey Niffenegger wrote The Time Traveler's Wife and The Time Machine. Have you read either of those?
It is a Romance Film
Stanlee was written by John Scalzi
Yes, she starred in Memento. Have you seen it?
It is written by Jeffrey Eugenides, who also wrote the movie Memento.
He wrote The Dark Knight, which is a horror film.
Certainly, adding them now.
I'm not really a Packers fan, but I do like their coach Mike McCarthy.
I like them too. I've been a fan since they were the Runner-ups.
They were the runner-ups in Super Bowl XLVIII. They were the XXXV Champs.
I don't think they've played this season but I do catch a few games every so often.
Yes, he wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it yet?
Yes, I would also recommend Notre Dame de Paris and Les Miserables.
I'm not sure, but Victor Hugo also wrote Notre Dame de Paris, which is also under the Romantic genre as well.
Sure! Do you like Deadpool because it's a superhero film?
I do not know if it's written by Douglas Adams, but it was directed by Douglas Adams.
Deadpool was released in 2010 and stars Bruce Willis and Scarlett Johansson.
You're very welcome! Enjoy!
You are very welcome, please enjoy the film!
I don't know much about him other than he plays football for the Belgium national football team.
I like football, but I prefer American Football. How about you?
Wow i didn't know that. What other sports do you like?
Yes she is! I liked her in Princess Protection Program. Have you seen it?
I don't remember if he was in it, but I do like Selena Gomez.
I haven't seen it, I think I'll check it out. Enjoy!
It's a comedy starring Step Brothers. It was released in 2002.
John C. Reilly is hilarious too. Did you know he was also a director?
I don't know if it was released, but Will Ferrell is hilarious too.
Sure! The Tragedy of Macbeth was written by William Shakespeare. It was released in 1606. It was released in 1606.
The Tragedy of Macbeth is written by William Shakespeare.
It's considered children's literature.
That is correct. William Shakespeare is influenced by William Shakespeare.
He directed The King's Speech, The Damned United, and Les Miserables.
King's Speech is rated PG and PG - PG - PG - X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
The King's Speech was released in 1995.
I'm a NY Giants fan, but I'm not a fan. I like their coach John Fox.
I didn't know that. I think he was a defensive back too.
I didn't know that. That's a great year for the Broncos.
Yes, it stars Nicolas Cage and Nicolas Cage. Do you like either of those actors?
I'm a big fan of Rihanna. Is she a good singer?
I'm not sure, but Taylor Kitk also starred in Valentine's Day. Have you seen that?
I like Liam Neeson. I think you will enjoy it.
Yes, he is a singer-songwriter. Do you like his music?
I do not know about tennis but I do know he was born in Mumbai.
I do as well.
Yes, it was written by Rick Riordan. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
Yes he was, he also starred in The Rum Diary. Have you seen it?
No I have not, but I have seen The Pirates of the Caribbean. Have you seen it?
I think you'll enjoy it.
Sure, do you like the book because it's written by J.K. Rowling?
Have you read Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban?
Juraissic was directed by James Cameron. Do you like James Cameron?
You might like The Polar Express, it is a science fiction movie.
Yes, Burt Reynolds starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine
Some of the actors were in X-Men Origins include Liam Neeson
Some other adventure films include, The Running Man, The Iron Man, and The Hunger Games
I don't think so, but I recommend the movies X-Men
Sure! Dave McKean wrote Wizard and Glass and The Graveyard Book. Have you read them?
Yes, it co-written by Stephen King. It's a young adult fiction novel.
I'm not sure if he's a fan of his work, but he has a couple of starring roles.
You're welcome!
Yes. Forrest Gump starring Tom Hanks is written by Winston Groom.
I don't know too much about football but I do know that they are coached by Lovie Smith.
I am not really a big football fan
i believe he play a midfielder
I am not sure how they are doing this year
I don't know too much about her, but I think she is a great singer. Did you know she was born in Austin?
She's been in quite a few films. I heard she was in Ocean's Thirteen
I like Liam Neeson, I like Liam Neeson, I like Liam Neeson, I like Liam Neeson
Yes I do. He starred in Desperado and Desperado. Have you seen either of those?
Yes he was he starred in Desperado. Did you know he was also a model?
I am not sure what is her singles. do you like dance music?
I would recommend Villette and The Professor. Both are considered classics.
It was released in 1853 the same year that The Professor was released. Have you read any of these books?
I'm sure you will enjoy it!
Robin Buss also wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo released in 1844
Robin Buss also wrote Therese Raquin, have you heard of it?
It was written by Robin Buss and is considered children's literature.
It was written by Emily St. John Mandel and was released in 2014, Do you like the genre or the author?
Sure, she also wrote The Little Friend and The Hangover. Have you read either of those?
It's a drama, similar to Station Eleven.
You're welcome!
Yes I am. The 5th Wave was written by Rick Yancey. Are you familiar with his work?
I don't know too much about The Last Star, but I've heard he also wrote The Infinite Sea.
Yes, if you like Robert Graves, you might also like The Last Star or The Infinite Sea.
Have you ever seen the movie starring Leonardo DiCaprio? It was written by him.
It was written by Robert Jackson and released in 1986
It was released in 1868
The Notebook was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like him because it's romance?
Is it a historical film, if you haven't seen it already?
Yea, I'm not sure who stars in it, but I do think it was written by Sara Gruen.
Sure, I'll add them now.
Yes Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet is written by Jamie Ford Do you like Historical fiction?
That's a good one. It was released in 2013.
I think it is somewhere in the United States of America.
That is a good read. Chamber of Secrets and Chamber of Secrets
Do you like the movie Batman Begins because it stars Tom Hanks?
Morgan Freeman starred in The Civil War, have you seen it?
Morgan Freeman starred in The Civil War. Have you seen it?
It is written by John Grisham. Do you like speculative fiction genre?
You might also like Xenocide if you haven't read that one yet.
I don't know any books written by James Patterson, but I do know that The Crow Road is also a Historical novel.
Margaret R. Higonnet wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
Yes, he did. Do you like his writings?
He also wrote the Picture of Dorian Gray which was released in 1891.
He wrote both The Silkworm and The Cuckoo's Calling
She also wrote The Silkworm and The Cuckoo's Calling.
You are welcome.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is in the genre of speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Its a fantasy
There is The Hunger Games and The Giver
The genre is Fantasy
you are welcome
The Ambassador's Mission is similar. Have you heard of it?
No, it wasn't written by J.D. Salinger.
The Merchant of Venice is a good one
I do, he starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but he also starred in The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that one?
I don't know too much about him, but James Coburn is a great actor.
You'll like The Polar Express, it's a great movie.
I'm sure you will enjoy them. Enjoy!
I think he was born in Oakland, he played the point guard for the Portland Trailblazers. Do you like basketball?
I have been a fan since he was in the NBA All-Rookie Team.
He is a point guard.
The Ambassador's Mission is similar. Have you heard of it?
I don't have any examples but I can recommend other books by J.D. Salinger. He's a great writer.
I don't know much about the K-pop genre but I know they are a K-pop boy band.
I can't find any information on that artist, but I can tell you that he has a certain genre as well.
I've never heard of Pink, but I've heard that she's really good. Is that a classic?
It is a historical fiction book written by Wes Anderson.
The Poisonwood Bible was released in 2012. It is a historical novel.
I would recommend World Without End, it is written by Barbara Kingsolver.
I would recommend World Without End, if you haven't read it.
You're very welcome!
Yes, Looper stars Bruce Willis and Josh Brolin and is a Thriller.
yes that is true. what else can i do for you today?
have a good day
Sure, A Beautiful Mind is a drama starring Charlize Theron. Do you like her movies?
He also directed The Missing. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome.
It was written by Tony Gilroy and Bernie Mac is a political thriller. Do you like that genre?
Tony Goldwyn has also starred in Alice in Wonderland
It is a drama
You're welcome
It's a great book. It was written by J.D. Salinger.
He wrote Franny and Zooey and Nine Stories
You are welcome
I don't know much about soccer but I think he plays for the Argentina national football team
I do not know, but I do know it was released in 1994.
I am not sure who else starred in that one but it was released in 1962
I think you would like The House of Hades written by Charles Dickens.
Sure, Fiona Stafford wrote Emma. It's a romance novel. Do you like romance books?
Philippa Gregory wrote Wideacre, The White Queen, and The White Princess. Have you read any of these?
It's considered Children's literature. Do you like that genre?
Yes, they are both historical fiction books. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome
It's a soccer soccer team. It's a European Football Team based in England.
They're currently playing the Patriots. They're a great team.
I'm a Packers fan myself. My favorite team is the Washington Redskins.
Wally Lamb is a great actress. Did you know Wally Lamb starred in The Hour I First Believed and starred in it?
I Know This Much Is True is a fiction novel written by Wally Lamb. Do you like fiction books?
I haven't read that one yet I will have to check it out. Thanks for the info.
You're welcome.
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know they are coached by Jim Caldwell
Not really, I like the Bears. My favorite team is the Redskins.
I've been a Packers fan since they were the runner-ups in Super Bowl XXXVIII. What about you?
Inside Out is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Both the Jurassic Park movies are starring Hugh Jackman as the main character, as well as many other movies.
I'm not sure when it was released, but it also starred Alexander Payne.
You're very welcome!
I do agree. I think she is very talented and also a friend with Taylor Swift.
Yes Victoria Justice also starred in Tropic Thunder and The Secret Life of Bees.
Yes Victoria Justice also starred Scarlett Johansson and Morgan Freeman.
Yes it was the one with Ben Stiller.
Downfalls in the genre of War. It was written by George R.R. Martin.
I don't have any information on Windtalkers, but Bruno Graf Graf Graffiti also starred in the film
Absolutely! I hope you enjoy it!
It's a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
If you liked that one, you should try The Fault in Our Stars. It is also Fiction as well. Have you read it?
Sure, I'll add that for you.
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
Big Hero 6 is a Sci-Fi/Action/Horror.
That is correct! Another sci-fi movie you might like is The Avengers. Have you seen it?
Yes he has starred in Despicable Me. Have you seen it?
Great movie! Mindy Kaling starred in Wreck It-Ralph & WALL-E.
You're welcome!
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver.
I like them too! I've been a fan since they were the runner-ups.
Tony Romo has done a lot in movies. Did you know he was born in Houston?
Wes Anderson starred in The Fault in Our Stars, The Plains, and The Hillbillies. Have you seen any of those?
Owen Wilson plays the role of Owen Wilson. He was also in The Royal Tenenbaums. Have you seen it?
I agree, I don't think so. Anything else I can help you with?
Justin Rose is a professional Golfer born in London.
I don't know a lot about him, but I think he won the 2012 PGA Championship.
I am not sure if he's in a relationship with Tiger Woods, but he was born in Hancock.
She wrote The Lighthouse and The Waves. Have you read either of those?
Yes, she wrote The Running Man, and The Obsessed Girl.
I don't have that information, but I do know it was released in 1971.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he is a professional basketball player for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association.
He is on the New Orleans Pelicans, who are currently playing for them.
Yes, I am a fan of the Denver Nets.
Shelly Duvall starred in Time Bandits. Do you like comedies?
Time Bandits is considered a comedy and a comedy. Do you like comedies?
You're very welcome. Enjoy the movie.
Michael Mann directed Zookeeper and The Manchurian Candidate.
Michael Mann directed the movie Public Enemies, which starred Michael Fassbender. It's a drama.
It's a Romantic Comedy starring Tom Cruise.
Me too! Frances Mayes wrote Under the Tuscan Sun. Have you read it?
She also wrote Little Men, which was made into a film.
You're very welcome!
I do! I loved her in The Lorax and The Giver. Have you seen them?
Did you know she starred in The Lorax and The Giver
She is also in the movie Valentine's Day, which is a romantic comedy.
I don't really know much about football, but I do know the Steelers are a professional football team based in Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
I don't know much about Roethlisberger, but I think he's a very good athlete.
I like Night Star. Have you read Evermore?
Shadowland is written by Alyson Noel. It's part of a series of books that combine young adult fiction and fantasy.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome.
I know a little, he plays soccer for the Colombia national football team. Do you like soccer?
Yes he plays for the Columbia national football team.
I would have to say he is a good athlete.
Sure! It's a great book written by Charlaine Harris. It stars Robin Wright and Gwyneth Paltrow.
It's a Romantic Comedy
Yes, he also wrote The Mists of Avalon which is drama/fantasy.
Have you seen Welcome to Mooseport 2? It's a drama.
You're very welcome.
John Tiffany starred in The Truman Show and The Secret Life of Bees. Have you seen those?
Yes, The Casual Vacancy, Parts One, and Two were written by J.K. Rowling. Have you read any of these?
I am not sure about that, but I can tell you The Silkworm is a book that was made into a movie.
Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
I'm not sure, but Milan Kundera was influenced by Gnomeo & Juliet.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Bourne Identity starred Matt Damon and Matt Damon. Do you like the movie because it's a thriller?
The Bourne Identity- The Scarlett Johansson starred in The Bourne Identity-Time. He also starred in The Bourne Ultimatum. Have you seen it?
The Bourne Identity : Filmacy: The Bourne Identity : Filmacy: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Legacy
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit
She also wrote Unbroken: A World War Story Story.
I'm sorry. I do not have any idea when it was written.
Sure, he directed Walk Two Moons and Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Have you seen them?
Yes she was, and she starred in it as well. If you like Johnny Cash, you should check out The Road by Viggo Mortensen.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I do know that Joaquin Phoenix starred in The Incredibles.
I would recommend The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and The Giver. Both are considered Romance films.
You're very welcome!
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like to know more about this book?
Yes another book written by F. Scott Fitzgerald is Go Set a Watchman.
I haven't read this one yet, I will have to check it out!
Jason Cope starred in District 9 and Dredd. Have you seen either of those?
Spud is a drama
I don't know, but Jason Cope starred in the movie Red Dragon
Rosario Dawson stars in that movie
Yes, he directed Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi and The Last Temptations
The Return of a Man Called Horse stars William Hurt and Matt Dillon.
You're welcome.
I do! He starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys.
Rob Riggle is starring in The Other Guys and he also starred in Unaccompanied Minors
It was released in 1994
You're welcome
Sure! Morgan Freeman starred in The Civil War, The Republic of Love, and The Civil War. Have you seen any of those?
That is true. Did you know Ned Bellamy also starred in The Green Mile?
Yes he is and he also starred in The Civil War.
You're very welcome
Blood Diamond is a drama film starring Tom Hanks.
Do you like the movie because it's a drama?
Leonardo DiCaprio starred in The Aviator and The Aviator.
I am glad you like it, I think you will enjoy it. It is a biographical film.
I like James Cameron too! He also starred in True Romance and The Avengers.
You're very welcome!
Yes, 50/50 is a Romance/Comedy/Crime movie. Are you interested in those?
Well I can give you a couple of recommendations, have you ever seen A Man Named Jackie?
Sure, have you watch Shadowboxer or The Incredibles?
You're welcome.
Yes it is a basketball team. Are you a fan of basketball?
Yes they are. Are you a fan of basketball?
I have! Nanking is a great movie. Do you like movies starring Stephen Dorff?
I do! Laura Ingails wrote These Happy Golden Years and The Little House Collection. Have you read either of those?
These Long Winter is a novel by Laura Ingalls Wilder.
If you like historical fiction, you would like The Looking Glass Wars. It is written by Frank Beddor.
Sure thing. Is there anything else I can do to help?
Sure, he wrote Thunderstruck. Have you read that one yet?
Do you like dramas? If you haven't read the book, I would recommend Xenocide.
Sure, it was written by Christopher Bigsby and is considered a drama. Do you like that genre?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information at hand but I do know it was released in 2005.
It was directed by Dave Pelzer. Are you familiar with his work?
It is written by Dave Pelzer and released in 1988.
Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier, The Pacifier, and The Pacifier
Jim Belushi also starred in The Pacifier. If you haven't seen it, I recommend you watch it.
I'm not sure when it was released, but Jim Belushi also directed The Pacifier. Have you seen it?
You're very welcome! Is there anything else I can help with?
It's a Romance. Do you like Romance?
There are a lot of the characters in that movie are Laurence Fishburne and Anne Hathaway
The Golden Compass is a romance film
It was directed by Lana Wachowski
It came out in 2011
You're welcome
Sure, she starred in The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Giver. Have you seen either of those?
James Rodriguez plays soccer for the Colombia national football team.
Yes, it is. Rodriguez is also a midfielder.
I don't know, but I do know Falcoa is a midfielder.
I don't know who acted in this movie, but I do know Falcoa plays football
I, Robot stars Will Smith and James Franco to name a few. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
That was a great movie starring Yeardley Smith and produced by James Brooks. Do you like James Brooks movies?
That one stars Danny DeVito and Jack Nicholson. It's considered a comedy-drama.
That movie was released in 1994
You're welcome
I don't know much about football but I think they are one of the best football teams in the AFC West Conference.
I think Tyron Brackenridge is the owner of the Jaguars. It was released in 1996.
I like the Steelers, who isn't?
Saina Nehwal plays badminton, did you know she was born in Hisar (Indian district)?
That's right! She was actually in the 2012 Summer Olympics. Did you know she was born in London?
I like football and football. What about you?
He's from Northern Ireland. I think he's from Northern Ireland.
You're very welcome!
Sure! He wrote Two By Two, and The Wedding. Have you read any of those?
It was released in English. It is a novel in the English language.
He also contributed to his contribution to films, such as The Notebook and The Notebook.
Yes he was and it producer as well.
Tony Hendra is a famous comedian. He is also a director.
You're welcome.
Pulp Fiction was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
I'm not sure. There is a sequel, but Pulp Fiction is directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Yes she is. She is also in Pulp Fiction, and Grindhouse.
You're very welcome!
Sin City is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I do not know, but Robert Rodriguez also starred in the movie Sin City. Do you like his movies?
I don't know who starred in Gentlemen Broncos but Robert Rodriguez starred in The Manchurian Candidate.
No I have not, but I'm glad to help.
Sure, it was written by Khaled Hosseini. Do you like Khaled Hosseini?
Yes, it starred Kite Runner and Khaled Hosseini.
Sure, it is a Romance/drama film. Have you heard of it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I would would say she is a good writer, would you like me to tell you more about her?
Yes, he did. Veronika is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes, The Pilgrimage is directed by George Orwell.
Sure, J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and The Rules of Attraction.
It's a historical fiction.
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like to know more about it?
I do not know, but I do know it was released in 1925. It was released in 1925.
The Curious Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories are both dramas.
It's written by Benjamin Button. It was released in 1925. It's a drama.
I'm not sure when it was released, but it was released in 1925.
Yes, I love it! It stars Micky Ward, Mark Wahlberg, and Melissa McMeekin to name a few. It's a Superhero thriller.
Jane Eyre is a novel written by Charles Dickens. It was released in 1953.
She also wrote Villette and Villette.
Villette is considered Speculative fiction, Gothic Fiction, Novel.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Sarah Dessen also wrote What Happens and The Truth About Forever. Have you read either of those?
This Lullabye is considered children's literature.
Marc Webb starred in The Amazing Spider Man and The Amazing Spider Man 2.
Yes. Steve Kloves also wrote The Amazing Spider-Man. Steve Kloves also wrote The Amazing Spider-Man.
Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is starring Steve Kloves. It is a great movie.
You're welcome! I'm glad I could help.
I think he is a good cricketer. Do you like cricket?
Did you know he was born in Johannesburg?
Not really. I am more of a baseball fan myself. Have you seen a couple of games?
Baz Luhrmann directed The Great Gatsby. The Great Gatsby (Award-Winning Work) was produced by F. Scott Fitzgerald. what else can i do for you?
I am not sure who starred in it but I do know it was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald
You're welcome
You are welcome
Yes, it was written by Meg Cabot. It is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like Romantic Comedy movies?
I actually haven't seen it yet, but I've heard it's hilarious. I think it was released in 2002.
Yes, it is. It was written by John Scalzi and adapted into a film.
I like Red Riding Hood, it is a drama, written by John Scalzi. Have you seen it?
Yes, The Call of the Wild is written by Jack London. It's a Historical novel. Do you like that genre?
Sure. White Fang is another fiction book written by that author. You might like it.
To Build a Fire was written in 1903 in the English language. It was released in 1922.
I have not, but I heard it was written by Jamie McGuire.
I agree. Did you know that he is also a scientist?
I hope you enjoy it!
No problem, enjoy!
You're very welcome!
Jennifer Lawrence starred in X-Men Apocalypse
Yes, Robert De Niro starred in Silver Linings Playbook as well
Meet the Parents is a comedy.
Enjoy!
I'm not really a fan of the Arizona Cardinals. I think they are a great team.
I am not a big football fan but I do like the Bears. They are a great team in the AFC West division.
I agree. Playoffs is definitely a contender too. I think they'll be a great team.
Did you like the Beloved because it was written by Toni Morrison?
Did you like Tombstone because it was written by Richelle Mead, or because it was a thriller?
Love Actually stars Natasha Richardson. It's also considered a thriller.
I think she is a very talented singer. I like her in the movie Victorious, have you seen it?
I don't know too much about Liam Hensworth, isn't he?
I haven't seen it yet, is there anything else I can do to help?
Sure, do you like the book because it is a romance or a drama?
The Notebook is a really good one. It was released in 2000. It is a speculative fiction novel.
The Notebook was made into a movie. It was made into a movie. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
She starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but I do know he directed Animal Kingdom.
No, it's about the Queen.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
I do not have any information on that movie, can I help you with anything else?
I'm not sure if she has acted in but I do have some movies she has starred in such as The Lady in the Air.
Sure, will do.
Fast and the Furious is written by Gary Scott Thompson. Do you like movies starring Vin Diesel?
The Fast and the Furious 2
Fast and the Furious is starring Vin Diesel, Do you like his movies?
Youre Welcome
Did you like the movie because it was a War movie or because it was a War movie?
World War Z was directed by Max Brooks. Do you like his movies?
Yes I do. It was written by Frank Miller and starring Frank Miller. Have you seen it?
Yes, he also starred in a movie called Wedding Belles.
Steve Jobs starred in The Handmaid's Tale and The Big Lebowski.
You're welcome.
Cradle is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Do you like his work?
The Truth About Forever is a good one. Kurt Vonnegut Jr also wrote Cat's Cradle.
Yes you are correct. It was released in 1959.
You too!
I think he is a great basketball player but I don't know much about him.
I didn't know he was a point guard. Speaking of point guards, did you know he was also a model?
I heard he also played for the LA Clippers as well.
I do not know much about him but I do know he starred in The Princess Diaries. Are you familiar with him?
I do not know any other songs by Sam Smith, but I do know he starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which is a romantic comedy.
No I do not. I think she is a good screenwriter.
I'm not a huge basketball fan. They are owned by The Madison Square Garden Company. Are you a fan?
Yes, The Madison Square Garden Company owns the Madison Square Garden Company. Do you like the Madison Square Garden Company?
Do you like the Philadelphia sports teams? I just think they are a little more fun to watch.
Yes, he wrote American Pie and The Golden Compass. Are you familiar with these?
It also starred Chris Weitz. Do you like his acting?
It sure is! Warren Zix also produced it as well. It's a comedy.
Do you like the movie because it's a Romance or because it's a Romance?
I did not. I'm not a a fan of thrillers.
I don't know if he acted in anything that I like. I do like him. He was also in The Day After Tomorrow.
I'm not sure, but Jake Gyllenhaal was in The Avengers. Did you see that one?
I'm not really a fan of the Golden State Warriors but I think they are coached by Steve Kerr. Are you a fan?
Oh wow! That's one of my favorite basketball players. I've heard they're very good.
I didn't know that! I loved The Men in Black. I loved it too.
I didn't know that! I loved him in The Pursuit of Happyness! That's a great movie!
Madame Bovary is written by Gustave Flaubert.
Yes, it was released in 1843. Would you like to know more about this book?
Well I'm sorry, I don't have any similar authors. Would you like to know more about this book?
You're welcome.
Ara Celi has starred in American Beauty, have you seen it?
I'm not sure who wrote it, but Ara Celi also starred in Who's That Girl. Have you seen it?
He also starred in What About Bob? and it's a comedy.
I don't know much about tennis but I do know she is married to Serena Williams.
I do not really think so
Good Deeds is definitely one of my favorite romantic comedies.
Yes he directed The Storm and Thelma & Louise.
He also directed Cloverfield, have you seen it?
Sure, All The Money in the World was written by Vince Flynn and released in 1994
I don't have any information on anything else he has done, but he starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which is Crime Thriller
You are welcome
I'm not sure if she has a new album but I do know she starred in X-Men Apocalypse.
Love in the Time of Cholera stars Cameron Diaz and Emily Blunt. Do you like Drama films?
Love in the Time of Cholera the Psychological Thriller
Coraline is a great Children's literature book written by James Patterson. It is a Speculative fiction novel.
It's considered a Thriller. Do you like those genres? If you do you like Coraline, you might also enjoy the book Underworld.
If you like horror films, you might like The Avengers or The Avengers. Both are highly recommended.
Sure! Wicked City is written by Jamie Lee Curtis. It is a Thriller/Horror.
She wrote The Year of the Flood and The Robber Bride
Wilson Rawls is an American author who wrote Where the Red Fern Grows.
Yes he has actually written The Red Fern Grows, have you heard of it ?
It was released in 1958
Your welcome
You're very welcome
The Notebook was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like his work?
I'm not sure if it's romance, but it's similar to The Notebook.
I don't know a book by him, but he did write The Notebook and The Notebook. They are both romance novels.
You're very welcome!
Tom Quirk wrote Moby Dick and The Whales. Have you read either of those?
That is correct. It was written by Tom Quirk.
You're welcome.
Sure, P.D. Eastman wrote The Best Nest and Go, Dog Go!
Yes, it is considered Children's Literature and children's literature.
Yes, Dr. Suess also wrote Go, Dog, Go.
Bob Peck starred in Jurassic Park and Jurassic Park. Have you seen them?
Surviving Picasso is a Drama Film genre
Surviving Picasso starred Al Pacino, Al Pacino, Al Pacino, and many more
He wrote The Sicilian and The Last Don. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it is. It is written by Francis Ford Coppola.
You're welcome
Danny Boyle has directed Young Frankenstein, have you seen it?
I don't think so, but he directed 127 Hours, which is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I'm not sure about the genre, but I can tell you that Kate Mara also starred in X-Men 2.
Brad Pitt starred in Troy. Brad Pitt also starred in Troy.
He is in twilight movie
Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No One
Debi Derryberry
ok
Fantastic 4: Rise of the Silver Surfer stars Ioan Gruffudd. Do you like Ioan Gruffudd?
Chris Evans also starred in The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer and The Portable Atheist.
You're very welcome!
I don't know too much about soccer, but I do know she plays the position of forward.
Do you like the movie because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
He wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke.
Robin Jarvis wrote The Dragon Keeper and The Man in the Iron Mask.
You're welcome.
Stanley Corngold wrote Die Verwandlung, have you read this one yet?
I do not know the genre but I do know it was released in 1915
I haven't seen it but I do know that Tom Cruise starred in it. It's a war film.
Mike Colter starred in Take Chance and Taking Chance. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, Linus Roache also starred in Zero Dark Thirty.
Yes, Doug Ferrell also starred in The Tenth Circle as well.
Glad I could be of help
Casino Royale is a spy film written by Royale. It was written by Ian Fleming.
Casino Royale is starring Jack Nicholson and Ian McKellen.
I am not sure of the exact year but it was released in 1995.
I am not sure about that but I do know it was directed by Robert Wade.
You're welcome.
Sure! Did you like it because it was written by David Mitchell or because it stars Tom Hanks?
Tom Tykwer directed Escape from the Planet of the Apes, which is a Sci-Fi film.
Charlize Theron has been in such films as The Portable Atheist and The Fighter
You're welcome
You're very welcome
Taxi Driver is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
You're very welcome
There's The Murders in the Stripes and The Kill Order
Great, I'll add them to your watch list. Enjoy!
That's a great book. It was written by J.R.R. Tolkien. I haven't read it, have you?
Yes, he wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is a historical drama. Do you like that genre?
The Day of the Jackal was directed by Steven Spielberg, who also directed The Pirates of the Caribbean.
Yes, I do! She starred in The Diary of a Young Girl. Have you seen it?
Okay, I could recommend The Diary of Anne Frank. Anne Frank also wrote The Diary of Anne Frank.
I don't have any more information on that one, but I can tell you that The Diary of Anne Frank wrote it as well.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Revenge of the Sith is a Sci-Fi/Action movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith stars Cameron Diaz and Cameron Diaz.
He's been in a lot of movies. He was in The Ground Beneath Her Feet, The Handmaid's Tale, and many more. Have you seen any of those?
I hope you enjoy it.
Chris Buck directed True Grit and The Wild Life. Do you like comedies?
Ok, if you liked that one, you might also enjoy the Romantic Comedy Zookeeper. That one has Chris Buck in it.
You're very welcome!
He wrote Angels & Demons, which is a speculative fiction book.
Yes, he directed This Means War, which is a thriller. Do you like that genre?
It is about football. It's a comedy about football.
I don't know who wrote that movie, but I do know it was released in 1999.
I know that the team is coached by Lovie Smith and Greg Schiano
Yes he did. Do you like any other linebackers?
Have a great day!
I agree! Isn't he a very talented athlete?
I like golf and baseball. What about you? What sport do you like?
I'm a huge fan of the New York Red Sox.
Scream is a horror film. Do you like Horror films?
Yes, they are. Jamie Kennedy also starred in Scream 3.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
The Matrix starred Keanu Reeves and Laurence Fishburne. Have you seen them?
V for Vendetta is starring Stephen Fry and Rupert Grint.
V for Vendetta is a drama. Would you like to watch it?
Sure. That was written by Cornelia Funke and released in 2003. Do you like her work as well?
Anthea Bell also wrote Tintenherz: The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban
Cinderella is a Romance Novel.
King Kong starring Scarlett Johansson and many more. It's a war film.
Naomi Watts has starred in The Portable Atheist and The Pillars of the Earth. Have you seen them?
The Painted Veil has genre Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome.
Gary Chapman starred in The Five Love Languages and The Five Love Languages.
I'm not sure about those songs, but The Five Love Languages: How to Express Heartfelt Commitment to Your Mate is in the genre of Christian music.
Tori Amos starred in The Five Love Languages of hers and The Five Love Languages. Have you seen either of those?
I don't see a lot of information on him, but I can tell you he is a musician and a musician.
Frank Capra wrote It's a Wonderful Life. It's a Wonderful Life is written by Philip Van Doren Stern, have you read it?
Frank Capra is a great actor, he also starred in The Devil Wears Prada
Frank Capra wrote It's a Wonderful Life
I agree, he produced it too!
She starred in Un di Velt Hot Geshvign, have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but it was released in 1958
I'm sorry, I do not have that information.
I don't have one at this time but I do have the English translation
I'm not sure if it was written, but it was released in 1958
It stars Christian Bale and Jennifer Lawrence, do you like it because it is a drama?
It's considered a Thriller. Do you like those genres?
Author is J.K. Rowling
Woody Herman wrote The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban.
You're very welcome!
Washington Redskins suckskins sucks. i love the Redskins. do you think they are a great team?
Did you know Oakland Raiders starred Tom Brady, Did you know that?
I like tennis too! Did you know that Angelina Jolie is their coach?
Sure! In the comedy genre, you might enjoy The Fault in Our Stars or the Avengers. Have you seen those?
Sure Easy was written by Tammara Webber, Do you like her work? She also wrote Where are You, and Breakable.
It's about Between the Lines and Where You Are. Have you read them?
Tammara Webber wrote Between the Lines and Where You Are. Have you read those?
Between the Lines is a good read. It was released in 2014. I hope you enjoy it.
Great. Have a good day.
Steven Soderbergh directed Ocean's Eleven. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure who stars in it, but Steven Soderbergh is a great actor.
He's been in quite a few films, including Winter's Bone, The Poker House and The Devil's Advocate.
You're welcome!
Alan Moore starred in The Warrior's Way and The Man from Snowy River. Have you seen them?
It was released in 2004. It's a science fiction/thriller.
You're welcome.
Richard J. Dunn wrote Wuthering Heights, have you read it?
It's considered a Gothic fiction. It's based on the book written by Richard J. Dunn.
I think you'll enjoy it.
Yes, The Eye of the World is written by Robert Jordan and it is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards, Rules of Attraction, and Virtuosity. Have you read any of these?
It was released in 1987 and the genre is fantasy
I recommend Return to Paradise and The Silence of the Lambs. Both are great books.
You're welcome.
Spirit Bound is a young-adult fiction book written by Richelle Mead. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Twilight is written by Rick Riordan.
It's considered a Fantasy
You're welcome
Charles Dickens wrote The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club, The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club, and Oliver Twist.
He was influenced by Charles Dickens and Oliver Twist.
It is. It's considered a historical period drama.
Did you know he wrote Oliver Twist? I don't know much about Gnress, but I do know he wrote Oliver Twist
Great, have a great day
Yes, Peter Segal directed The Longest Yard and The Longest Yard. Have you seen either of those?
Yes he did! And if you like Adam Sandler, he also produced The Longest Yard.
I'm not sure, but Adam Sandler also starred in Happy Gilmore. He's a great actor.
Yes, he wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. Have you heard of it?
J. K. Rowling also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
It's considered children's literature. It also falls under the genre of speculative fiction.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them are two works of art written by him.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them has JK Rowlings. It's a Thriller/Crime Fiction genre.
Yes. Where to Find Them is a speculative fiction book. Would you be interested in that?
Michael O'Neill starred in Transformers and Traffic
Traffic and Seabiscuit is a drama. Do you like drama?
Have you seen State of the Union? It is a crime drama.
You're welcome.
Yes! Andrés Iniesta is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Barcelona and Barcelona F.C Barcelona.
I am not much of a fan of soccer but I do know he plays for FC Barcelona and Andrés Iniesta
I hope you enjoy it!
Another movie similar to The Hangover Part II is Meet the Parents. Have you seen it?
It was released in 2004. Todd Phillips wrote it as well.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Woody Allen directed it. Do you like his work?
It is a Romantic Comedy.
I like murder mystery as well. Have you seen Up in the Air?
I am going to add that one to my watch list.
Mansfield Park is written by Tony Gilroy and a genre Speculative fiction. Do you like those genres?
Persuasion is written by Adam Smith. Would you like to know more about this book?
Persuasion was released in 1817!
Yes, Horrible Bosses is written by Michael Markowitz and a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
I don't think so, but he did have a great role in the movie.
Me too! Kevin Spacey also starred in that movie.
He's a great tennis player. He played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics. Do you like tennis?
Not really, I think he's a great tennis player. What's your favorite sport?
I don't have a chance to watch tennis, what matches can i do for you?
Yes, Cornelia Funke wrote Inkheart which is a Fantasy book. Do you like Fantasy books?
The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban is similar one
I have not read any of her books. What type of books do you like?
Gary Paulsen wrote The Good, the Bad, the Ugly Truth and The Rainmaker. Have you read any of these?
The River is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
I would recommend X-Men 2 or World War Z. They are both both Thrillers.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure! Shawn Levy directed Night at the Museum and Real Steel to name a couple. Have you seen either of those?
Real Steel stars Matt Damon and Josh Brolin. It's a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Real Steel was produced by Steven Spielberg, but I don't know who produced it.
Did you like it because it was written by Tony Gilroy or because it is a Crime Fiction Film?
You might like Crime Fiction movies like You Got Served, You, Me and Dupree. Have you seen them?
You're welcome
I like the movie Red Dragon, it is a crime fiction movie. Have you seen it?
Isn't he a player on the Manchester United F.C?
Yes they did
She wrote The Temple of My Familiar, have you heard of them?
He wrote The Temple of My Familiar, and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
You're welcome
He's one of the best soccer players in the world and plays for FC Barcelona, right?
No I didn't know that. What position does he play for?
Bojan Krk also plays for Barcelona did you know he was born in San Francisco?
Yes he was a midfielder as well did you know he was born in San Francisco?
I do! It was written by Patrick Rothfuss. It was written by Patrick Rothfuss.
The Wise Man's Fear is written by Patrick Rothfuss. He also wrote The Name of the Wind.
I'm not sure what it's about
You're welcome
I do! It was written by Kiera Cass. It was released in 2013.
Kiera Cass also wrote The Siren, which is a film.
Kiera Cass also wrote The Siren, which was released in 2016. Have you seen it?
The Guard is produced by Roland Emmerich and Kiera Cass
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. What genre do you like?
Did you like the movie because it starred Justin Timberlake or because it was a Biographical film?
Jesse Eisenberg also starred in The Big Year and The Huntsman: Winter's War
I'm not sure when it came out, but it was directed by Steven Spielberg.
You're welcome.
Yes! Treasure Island was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. It is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
The genre is Treasure Island and was released in 1882.
Great, I hope you enjoy it.
Sure. I also recommend The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories.
I haven't seen it but I do enjoy it. It was written by Philip Seymour Hoffman and it stars Morgan Freeman.
Danny Aiello has been in a lot of movies. He was also in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and The Halloween Tree.
Yes, he was the executive producer in that movie.
You're welcome.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit, Seabiscuit, and Seabiscuit.
Laura Hillenbrand also wrote Unbroken A world War II story of survival, resilience and Redemption.
I'm not sure.
You're very welcome!
Aladdin is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Aladdin was written by Ron Clements and he also wrote The Little Friend and The Hangover.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you The Lion King was released in 1985.
You're very welcome!
Sure! He wrote To Have and Have Not, The Sun Also Rises, and The Sun Also Rises. Have you read any of these?
He wrote To Have and Have Not., The Sun Also Rises, and The Tree of Life. Have you read those?
Old Man and the Sea was released in 1936.
You're very welcome!
You're very welcome!
I do! He's a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
I don't really follow football, but I do like Drew Brees. Who does he play for?
Is he a good comedian?
i also like him
Yes, I do. He's a great writer. He wrote The Men Who stare at Goats and a few more.
White Oleander also starred Sylvester Stallone and it was released in 1994. Do you like them?
I'm not sure, but White Oleander has genre Science Fiction and Drama.
Sure! A Grief observed is written by C.S. Lewis. It was released in 1961.
It was released in 1945. It is a speculative fiction genre.
Yes, that is a great book written by C.S. Lewis. It was released in 1949. Do you like that book?
I will send them right now.
Sure! Sharlto Copley starred in The A-Team. Have you seen it?
They're in the AFC North division. They're in the AFC North division.
Oh no, I never been there. Are you a fan of the New York Yankees?
It is a great place to visit. Have you been there?
John Berendt wrote The Lady in the Lake series and The Lady in the Lake series. Have you read them?
I don't know, but I do know Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil was written by John Berendt.
You're welcome!
You're welcome.
I'm not sure who directed it, but I do know it was written by Sarah Dessen.
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars, which is a mini-series.
He did! John Green also wrote Paper Towns, which was a mini-series.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about him other than he plays soccer for FC Bayern Munich II
I didn't know he is from Germany. Is he a midfielder?
I don't know much about soccer but i do know he has a decent stats.
I like him too. I think he has a good stats.
Gore Verbinski directed Rango, a fantasy film. Do you like fantasy films?
Well, if you like westerns, you might like The Polar Express. It's a great western movie.
You're welcome.
The Prestige is written by Christopher Nolan. He also wrote The Dark Knight.
The Prestige is a thriller
I am not sure, but Jonathan Nolan also directed The Prestige
I do not have information about Memento but i can tell you that Christopher Nolan also directed The Dark Knight
Thomas Lennon starred in The Farthest Shore
You are welcome
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a popular one by L. Frank Baum.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a fantasy novel. Does that interest you?
I don't know any other books by L. Frank Baum, but I do have The Wonderful Wizard of Oz and The Golden Compass.
Yes, it was written by Diana Gabaldon.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on any other romance novels.
You're very welcome!
Sorry, I don't have that information right now. Is there anything else I can help with?
I do not have that information, can I help you with anything else?
It is a Romance/Comedy.
i'm sorry i do not have any information on the genre for this movie.
yes Kate Winslet starred in The Wedding which is a Romance Film.
WALLE is a great young adult fiction book written by J.E. Abrams. Do you like adult fiction?
I would recommend X-Men 2 or World War Z. Have you seen those?
Sure- it's a sci-fi movie. It stars Hugh Jackman and Jennifer Lawrence.
I'm not sure if it's Sci-Fi, but it is directed by Brett Ratner.
I'm not sure if it's action, but it is directed by Brett Ratner.
I'm not sure if it was released, but it is directed by Brett Ratner.
Just Listen is written by Sarah Dessen and is a young-adult fiction book.
I also like the book What Happened to Goodbyes and The Truth About Forever. Have you read those?
Of course, some other books you might like include What Happened to Goodbye and The Truth About Forever.
Katherine Paterson wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and The Great Gilly Hopkins. Have you read either of these?
Yes, it's considered children's literature.
It was written by Elizabeth George Speare. It was written by Elizabeth George Speare.
I have not seen Ocean's Twelve. It's a drama starring George Clooney. Do you like his work?
Ocean's Twelve stars George Nolfi and George Nolfi.
Matt Damon also starred in Ocean's Twelve.
Robert Lewandowski is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich II
I don't watch much football but I do like football. How about you?
I would have to say they are more of a baseball team.
Paul Sorvino has starred in movies such as; The Stuff, The Rocketeer, and The Rocketeer.
Yes, he's a screenwriter. He wrote The Assassination of Jesse James. Have you seen it?
It is a fiction work. Do you like fiction work?
Yes, he's a great actor. Jack Thorne starred in The Casual Vacancy. Have you seen it?
Sure, I can do that for you.
She wrote Snow Flower and The Secret Fan
China Dolls is an autobiography that was released in 2005
I am not very familiar with Snow Flower but I do know that it was released in 2014 and is about the life of aristocrat Mary Burroughs.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you like Pulp Fiction because it's a crime fiction movie?
Grindhouse was directed by Rob Zombie, who also directed Death Proof.
It was released in 1999 and directed by Steven Spielberg. Do you like him?
Sure! It was written by Stieg Larsson and released in 2006.
Seig Larsson wrote The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which was released in 2005
The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo stars Scarlett Johansson and Robert Downey Jr.
You're very welcome!
You're very welcome!
Michael Parks starred in The Princess and the Frog Song. Do you like his movies?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Wicked is a Thriller.
You're welcome! I'm glad I could help.
You're very welcome!
Yes, Ken Kesey also wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest. It is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Do you like the movie because it is a Speculative fiction?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I think he's a great basketball player but I don't know much about him other than he plays professional basketball
Michael Jordan is my favorite. Do you like Space Jam? Michael Jordan is my favorite.
Yeah, I like Ghostbusters too. I have a lot of Thrillers for sure. Do you like Thrillers like it?
Yes he did. That movie starred Leonardo DiCaprio.
Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls. Have you seen it?
Yes, Vin Diesel also starred in The Fast and the Furious and The Fast and the Furious 2.
Yes, he was also in A Man Apart. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
He also wrote Travels with Charley: In Search of America, Tortilla Flat, and The Winter of our Discontent.
He's a great actor. He starred in What Lies Beneath as well. Have you seen it?
Yes he did, he also starred in What Lies Beneath
I have not seen What Lies Beneath but I know it is a drama.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLVIII.
I've never seen a quarter back but I've heard a little about it. Who's your favorite athlete?
I like action thrillers like Shark Night and Zodiac.
It was written by Paula McLain and released 2011. She also wrote Circling the Sun. Have you read it?
It was released in 2013 and written by Paula McLain. She also wrote Circling the Sun, which is a fantasy novel.
You're welcome!
You're very welcome!
That is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Eraserhead starred Holly Hunter. what else can i answer for you today?
its a thriller. what else can i answer for you today?
you are welcome
He directed The Fault in Our Stars and The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen them?
The Fault in our Stars is written by Josh Boone. He also directed The Fault in Our Stars.
It's considered a Romance and Drama.
You're welcome!
Hotel Rwanda is a Thriller written by Tony Kgoroge. Do you like Thriller movies?
Yes I do. It was written by Robert Zemeckis and directed by George R.R. Martin.
Yes, We Were Soldiers is a drama. Do you like movies starring Tony Kgoroge?
Great, I think you will enjoy it.
Sure! She wrote Between the Lines and Where You Are. Have you read them?
Where You Are was released in 2011
I don't have any information on any books released in 2011 but I can tell you that Where You Are was written by Rebecca Wells
Yes, The Phantom Tollbooth was written by Norton Juster.
Peter Cushing starred in The Man in the Iron Mask and The Fault in Our Stars.
OK. Peter Cushing also starred in The Twins of Evil and Torture Garden. Do you like those genres?
Frankenstein is written by Steven Spielberg. Would you like to watch it?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Peter Gallagher starred in The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen either of those?
While You Were Sleeping stars Robert De Niro and Josh Brolin. Would you like to know more about these actors?
Collateral Damage was written by Robert Zemeckis. Do you like his work?
Glad I could help. Enjoy!
He starred in The Thomas Crown Affair and The Running Man, to name a couple.
The Running Man is a war film, The Running Man is a War film.
Some other action movies you might like are The Running Man or The X-Men
You are welcome, goodbye
Hush is written by Tony Gilroy and starring Tom Hanks. It is a comedy film.
She also wrote Hush Hush and Crescendo. Have you read either of those?
You are welcome, have a great day!
You're very welcome! Enjoy!
It was written by Jeannette Wells and released in 2005.
The Glass Castle is written by Jeannette Wells
It is written by Jeannette Walls
Your welcome
John Carpenter directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13. Do either of those interest you?
I'm not sure if he did. I would recommend Escape from New York if you haven't seen it.
I'm not sure what he's done, but Kurt Russell also starred in Monster's Ball, which is a drama.
Rhonda Byrne wrote The Secret, have you read it?
I don't know any other books by her, but I do have some recommendations for you such as The Secret.
She wrote The Secret which was turned into a film. Have you seen it?
John Ratzenberger starred in The Patriots and The Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales.
Your Friend the Rat is a comedy/drama film that was released in 2007. Would you like to know more?
I don't think so, but Your Friend the Rat is a cartoon that was released in 2007. It's considered a cartoon.
You're welcome!
I do! It's written by Spike Jonze. It's a great book.
The BFG is a good family friendly movie. It's a very funny movie.
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
Still Alice is written by Tom Hanks. Do you like his work?
Do you like Love Anthony because it is a drama?
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
I will have to add that to your list. I think you'll enjoy it.
Sure, he wrote the books The Lost Symbol and The Time Machine. Have you read either of those?
Yes, The Red House was adapted into a film.
Yes he did and he also produced The Messenger.
You're welcome!
Frank Coraci starred in Zookeeper and The Waterboy. Have you seen either of those?
Kevin James also starred in Zookeeper. That is a romantic comedy.
Salma Hayek is a comedy-drama.
Once Upon a Time in the West was a similar movie.
The Good, the Bad, the Weird is a good one similar to Once Upon a Time in America. Have you seen it?
I don't know who stars in Nightcrawler, but I do know that Jack Nicholson starred in it.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I do! He's a great actor. He's a great actor. He starred in The Patriot.
It came out in 1999
It also starred Scarlett Johansson and Morgan Freeman
Glad to be of help
Yes, The Blind Side is written by Philip Seymour Hoffman and stars Tom Hanks.
I'm sorry, I don't have any more information on Drama movies. Can I recommend something else for you?
Moneyball stars Sean Penn and is a comedy drama movie. Do you like comedy movies?
It's written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
Cassandra Clare also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Ashes; City of Ashes; City of Ashes; City of Ashes; City of Ashes; City of Ashes; City of Ashes; City of Ashes; City of Ashes; City of Ashes; City of Ashes; City of Ashes; City of Bone, Cassandra Clare, have you
Then you'll like The Shadowhunter's Codex by Cassandra Clare. It is a fantasy novel.
Is there anything else I can help with?
Alfonso Cuaron directed The Little Prince and The Little Prince.
Yes, he did. That movie also starred Anne Hathaway.
I do not know the genre but I do know he wrote Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets.
You're very welcome!
I know it was written by C.S. Lewis and it's a speculative fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
He wrote Till We Have Faces, The Magician King, and The Magician King. Have you read any of those?
You're welcome.
I love Paul McCartney! He wrote Yellow Submarine and Yellow Submarine.
I don't know much about him, I'm more of a Beatles fan. What about you?
I don't know much about him, I don't know much about him. What is his name?
I do. I've never been to a Beatles fan before.
She's great! Laurie Halse Anderson wrote Wintergirls and Twisted. Have you read either of those?
Wintergirls is a Fiction/Fantasy novel. It was released in 1999.
Sure, I will download it now.
Yes, Rihanna is a very talented singer. Is that your favorite song from her?
Yes, that is a great song too. Did you know she has a starring role in Hard as Thieves?
It's a science fiction film.
Marc Forester starred in The Portable Atheist and The Portable Atheist.
Marc Forester starred in The Calling. Have you seen this movie?
I don't have that information but it is a Romance Film.
You're welcome!
Mockingjay is a speculative fiction book written by Suzanne Collins. Do you like fiction books?
Have you read Xenocide or Xenocide? They are both very good reads.
Yes, that is correct.
Jonathan Dayton starred in Little Miss Sunshine. Have you seen it?
Yes, that is correct. Elizabeth has genre Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
He also starred in Little Miss Sunshine. It is a historical drama.
I think she is a very talented actress. She has been in quite a few films.
You're very welcome!
It is written by Nicholas Sparks and is a Speculative fiction book. Do you like these genres?
He also wrote When You Reach Me and The Wedding. Have you read those?
Yes, it is also a film, have you seen it?
I like crime fiction as well, I would recommend The Wedding if you haven't read those.
The Matrix Revolutions was produced by Lana Wachowski and directed by Lana Wachowski
I do not know, but I do know that Keanu Reeves starred in The Matrix Reloaded.
I'm not sure, but I do know he starred in The Man of Steel, which is a drama.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you Shark Night is another comedy starring Kyla Pratt
Tony Goldwyn directed Mystic River and it was directed by Mystic River.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he directed The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate
Do you like it because it is a comedy?
I don't know if he did but he did star in The Manchurian Candidate
You're welcome
You're very welcome!
The Light Between Oceans is one of M.L. Stedman's books.
Yes, I have seen that one. It was released in 2012 and it's a drama. Do you like dramas?
Sure, he directed The Three Musketeers and The Last Man. Have you seen either of those?
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. She wrote Rebecca, My Cousin Rachel and Rebecca.
My Cousin Rachel is a slasher movie starring Daphne du Maurier.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Daphne du Maurier also wrote Jamaica Inn.
You're welcome.
I don't really know much about them except that they were the Runner-up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
I would have to say that. The New England Patriots place is the place of birthplace in Pittsburgh.
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the New England Patriots.
I think he is a great coach. have you ever seen his game live in person?
I think they've made a lot of money to the playoffs.
I'm not really a fan of his but I do enjoy his romantic relationship with Cameron Diaz.
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romance?
I'm not sure who else stars in it, but Justin Timberlake is a good actor.
I do. I love her music. I like Tip of My Tongue and Some Kind of Miracle. Do you like her?
I love American Idol, did you know Clay Aiken is friends with Clay Aiken?
I loved Tyra, have you ever seen The Truman Show? It is a great show.
I have never seen that one, is it good?
Do you like the movie because Joseph Sikora starred in it or because it is a Thriller?
The Watcher is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he did. Leonardo Dicaprio also starred in The Watcher.
You're welcome!
Me too! She wrote Under the Tuscan Sun. Have you read it?
Would you like to know some other poets from San Francisco?
You're welcome
It was written by Emily St. John Mandel and was released in 2014, and was written by St. John Mandel. Do you like her work?
Toni Morrison wrote The Bluest Eye and The Bluest Eye.
Its a fiction
You may like The Bluest Eye and The Red Pyramid
It was written by Lois Lowry
You're welcome
Downfalls is a War film. Do you like War films?
I don't have that information right now. However, it is written by Walter Hill.
Anytime!
Andrew Stanton directed The Little Prince, which is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
He also starred in The Walt Disney Company. Have you seen that one?
Yes, it was written by Andrew Stanton, who also wrote Cars and Finding Nemo.
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you be interested in more books by him?
The Great Gatsby is written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
The Painted Veil, The Painted Veil, and The Painted Veil are all really good.
You're welcome. I'm glad I could help.
He's a fine writer. He wrote The Princess Diaries which is a Historical period drama.
It is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 2010. Another good Romantic Comedy is You've Got Mail.
I'll play it for you now. Enjoy!
I have not, but I know it was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Colin Farrell and Colin Farrell.
I do not have that information at my finger tips but I do know it was released in 1994.
Yes, he did. That movie also stars Orlando Bloom and Christopher Lee.
You're very welcome.
Sure, he wrote American Pie and The Golden Compass. Have you seen either of these?
He also directed American Pie, which was written by Chris Weitz. Have you seen it?
No I have not. What genre are you looking for?
Yes, he directed both The Trial and The Lawnmower Man.
I would. It's a great Young-adult fiction book. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
I don't know any of her work but I do know she wrote The Nightingale, which is a Children's literature.
I don't have any more information on True Colors. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I think he's a good tennis player. Did you know he starred in The Expendables 2.
I can tell you that he starred in The Expendables 2 and he also starred in The Expendables 2.
You're welcome.
I do! I love Die Hard with a Vengeance. It's written by John Grisham. It's a war film.
Yes he did! It is a great movie starring Robert Downey Jr.
How the Grinch Stole Christmas is a Drama. It was written by James Patterson. Do you like his work?
Did you mean The Lorax, The Cat in the Hat? It was released in 1957.
Yes, I think you'd enjoy it.
You're welcome!
I do! It was released in 2014 starring Melissa Benoist and Melissa Benoist. Have you seen it?
She also starred in The Longest Ride along side Melissa Benoist.
I am not sure, but Melissa Benoist also starred in The Longest Ride.
Yes, it is a romantic comedy. Do you like comedies?
Yes, I have seen Faster. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome have a good one!
I do not really know much about them, I think they are coached by Doc Rivers and coached by Doc Rivers
I like to watch a lot of movies. I like to watch a lot of the Lakers. I like the Lakers, too.
Do you like the Lakers because they are a Lakers fan?
She wrote books in a language I cannot translate.
Eecccbl was released in 2015 and he wrote Paccka и ес.
I hope you enjoy them!
Sure! Did you like the book because it was romance or because it was written by Nicholas Sparks?
Have you read Post-Apocalyptic fiction?
It sure is! Tuck Everlasting is written by Rachel Carson.
I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
I don't know much about them, I think they are owned by Dwight Schar and owned by Dwight Schar.
I don't know much about Pete Rozelle, but I think he's a good player.
I didn't know that! What sports do you like?
She wrote Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail.
Absolutely! White Fang is another one by Cheryl Strayed. Have you read that one?
You're welcome.
Sure! The Cuckoo's Calling is written by J.K. Rowling and released in 2013. It is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
She's been a fan since she wrote The Cuckoo's Calling. Are you interested in this genre?
It's considered a fantasy book. It was released in 2013.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I do! He starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Human Stain. Have you seen them?
Yes it is! It is also a comedy film. Do you like comedies?
I haven't seen it but I heard it was good. Do you like Crime Fiction?
That book was written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Little House on the Prairie.
Little House on the Prairie is written by Lauren Oliver. She also wrote The Little House on the Prairie
Little House on the Prairie has genre Speculative fiction, Novella and Fiction
Yes, I do! She is the sister of Serena Williams, who is a great tennis player.
I did not know that. What genre do you like?
I didn't know that! Yetunde Price actually starred in Yetunde Price actually. Did you see it?
Yes, the Lost Symbol is the best seller list. It was released in 2002 and written by Dan Brown.
Tom Hanks Directed Larry Crowne and Directed That Thing You Do!
Yes he did. Tom Hanks also wrote The Da Vinci Code and The Inferno.
Tom Hanks Directed The Da Vinci Code and Inferno.
Yes, it's a drama like The Da Vinci Code.
You're welcome
Yes, X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse.
It's a Thriller. Do you like those genres?
You might like the movies You've Got Mail, or X-Men.
Yes he did, he also starred in the movie The Avengers.
Tim Dolin wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
It is a young-adult fiction book.
I don't have any information on any other books written by Tim Dolin.
Rick Yancey wrote The Monkey House and The Infinite Sea. Are you interested in Young-adult fiction?
He has written The Road to Little Dribbling, The Mother Tongue: English and How It Got That Way
Absolutely, Enjoy
We're The Millers is a great comedy starring Tom Hanks. Do you like comedies?
Thomas Lennon also starred in Zookeeper. It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
I will have to check it out!
Gone with the Wind was written by Margaret Mitchell. It stars Thomas Mitchell, Hattie McDaniel, and a few more
The Golden Compass is a good Romance movie. Have you seen it?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that The New World is a Crime Fiction Film that was released in 1999.
You're welcome.
I do too! Did you know the Last Song was written by Nicholas Sparks?
Two By Two is written by Nicholas Sparks. Have you read either of these?
The Notebook is a good one by Nicholas Sparks.
I don't know much about the K-pop genre but I know they are a K-pop boy band
Sure! Cornelia Funke wrote Inkhheart and Tintenherz. Have you read either of those?
I don't know any other books by Cornelia Funke, but I do know she wrote Inkheart.
You're welcome.
Did you like the Hangover Part II because it is a comedy?
Its a science fiction movie, written by John Green
You're welcome
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them might be a good read.
It's a crime fiction novel. Do you like those kinds of books?
You're very welcome!
He starred in Hook Ya Crook. Have you seen it?
What sport do you like to watch?
Robert Duvall starred in Hook Ya Crook. Have you seen it?
Tracy Chevalier wrote The Virgin Blue, The Last Runaway, and The Lady in the Lake. Have you read any of these?
The Last Runaway was released in 1993.
You're welcome.
Sure! Did you like the book because it was written by Roald Dahl or because it was a fantasy?
Yes, it is a children's literature. Other books in this genre include The Witch of Blackbird Pond and The Giver.
Yes, he also wrote The Twits and The Witches Abroad.
You're very welcome!
I don't know much about football, are they a soccer team?
I do! He wrote The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes, The Complete Sherlock Holmes, and The Return of Sherlock Holmes. Have you read any of these?
Well, it was directed by Matt Reeves and it's a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Stan Lee also wrote The Incredible Hulk and he also starred in The Iron Giant
Sure, some other films starring Stan Lee include Thor and Thor
Absolutely, enjoy and have a great day
I can tell you that The Hunger Games is similar to that movie. Have you seen it?
Jon Favreau wrote Made, starring Faizon, starring Faizon. Have you seen it?
Joe Johnston directed The Wolfman and Jurassic Park III. Have you seen those?
The Scarlett Johansson also stars in The Third Avenger and The End of the Affair.
Yes he did. Chris Evans also starred in The Portable Atheist and The Portable Atheist.
You're welcome.
Sure, did you like Sharp Objects because it was written by Gillian Flynn or because it was genre Suspense/Mystery?
She also wrote Sharp Objects, Dark Places, and Dark Places.
Yes it was. It was directed by Peter Hyams.
It was released in 2010. It's considered children's literature.
I do! He wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and starred in it. Have you read it?
Cold Blood has genre Drama. Do you like Drama?
Sure! Did you like it because it's a sci-fi or because it was a sci-fi or because of the actors?
It's a science fiction film that was produced by Steven Spielberg and directed by George Lucas.
Yes, it was directed by Steven Spielberg.
You're welcome!
Sure. Mark Cotta Vaz has written several books such as Stardust, Eclipse, and Eclipse. Have you read any of these?
Yes, it is a part of the Twilight series. Anything else I can help you with?
You're right! Stephanie Meyer also wrote The Twilight Series, have you heard of it?
You're very welcome!
Sure, he directed Seven Psychopaths. Have you seen that one?
It is a Psychopath movie starring Will Smith and Morgan Freeman.
You're welcome
Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and is a drama. Do you like the book because it is a drama?
It's a drama that was released in 1999.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome
He's a golfer from Murrieta. Do you like him?
I haven't seen it, I heard it was great. Is it a comedy?
Yes, I like Julia Bowen too! She starred in The Wedding Planner too. Have you seen it?
She starred in The Ice Harvest and The Hunted, among others.
The Situation also starred Scarlett Johansson, who also starred in The Ice Harvest
The Situation is a Thriller
The 5th Wave is a Fantasy/Horror. Do you like those genres?
It was released in 2016 as a thriller/fantasy. Have you seen it?
I like both both Sci-Fi and Fantasy. Do you like those genres?
Sure, have a good one
No problem, enjoy!
I do not know much about her other than she was in Valentine's Day, have you seen it?
She's been in quite a few movies. She's been in The Giver, Valentine's Day, and Valentine's Day. They are all really good.
I didn't know she was in Valentine's Day, did you know she was friends with Taylor Swift?
I do! He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine. Have you seen it?
I have not seen it but I heard it was good. Is it good?
I like Ted. Did you know he was in The Proposal? He was in that too.
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
Me too! Did you know he starred in Men in Black 3?
I like all of her music. What about you?
Yes, that is a good one too.
Revenge of the Sith is a Sci-Fi/Action movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Nolan Gerard Funk starred in it as well
He also starred in the Expendables
Sure, do you like it because it is a romance or because it is a comedy?
Grownups was directed by Steven Spielberg and it was released in 2008
Yes he did and starred in it as well.
You're welcome
Victor Hugo is a actor, he starred in The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly.
It was released in 2010. It's considered young adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 1831 along with Victor Hugo. Have you read it?
You might also like Notre Dame de Paris, it is another good one.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Paul Thomas Anderson is an American filmmaker. He wrote There Will Be Blood and The Master. Have you heard of them?
I don't know a lot about her, but I like the song You Love Me. Do you like her?
I haven't heard any of his music. I like Dance wiv Me and Dance wiv Me.
I'm not sure if he is, but he has a similar vocal range.
Anthony Hopkins starred in both Bobby and The Edge.
Peter and Paul has genre Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I do! Anthony Hopkins also stars in Peter and Paul, which is a drama film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about them, but I do know Ken Whisenhunt is the coach. Do you like them?
I haven't been following them too much but I do know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt. Do you like them?
I think they might have a shot this year. Do you think they have a shot this season?
I do! He was the point guard for the Denver Nuggets.
I didn't know he's with the Denver Nuggets
I love Space Jam. Have you seen it or heard of it?
Yes. It was written by William Shakespeare. It's a children's literature.
This book was released in 1600
Great glad i could help
She's a tennis player. She's also in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
I do not know women's tennis but I do know Serena Williams is also a model.
Did you know she was born in Honolulu.
I'm not a fan of the Ravens, but I do like their coach Jim Caldwell.
I'm not sure if he coached any teams, but he did coach the Detroit Lions.
It was the year that he coached the Colts.
Yes, Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
That book was released in 1886. Would you like to know more about this book?
I'm not sure of the genre. However, it was released in 1886.
I would recommend X-Men 2 or World War Z. Have you seen those?
I'm not sure who stars in it, but it was released in 1886.
Sure thing. I'm sure you will enjoy it.
There was a movie called Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone that was directed by Steve Kloves.
Where the Wild Things Are was written by Terry Brooks.
Yes, he wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
Kenneth H. Blanchard wrote Who Moved My Cheese, it was released in 1981.
It was released in 1998. It's a self help book.
You're welcome.
Yes, The Fountainhead is written by James Dashner.
Yes, she did. She also wrote The Fountainhead. Have you heard of that one?
You're very welcome
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Adventures?
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales from the same time period as Dracula.
I'm not sure who wrote it, but The Girl Next Door was written by Scarlett Johansson.
He is also a film producer and film producer
She wrote Little Lord Fauntleroy, have you read it?
Under the Tuscan Sun is a Romance novel. Would you like to know more about this novel?
You're very welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
To Kill a Mockingbird is written by Harper Lee. It was released in 1960.
Yes, she also wrote Go Set a Watchman
You are welcome
She also wrote Go Set a Watchman
Yes I do. It starred Scarlett Johansson and Sofia Coppola. Do you like dramas?
I have not, is it written by Al Pacino?
I see, I like it too! Al Pacino also stars in it as well! I think you might like it.
I'm sorry, I don't have any more information on Michael Byrne, but I can tell you that he also starred in a movie called X-Men 2.
Michael Byrne also starred in the movie Vampire Academy, have you seen it?
You're welcome
Seamus Heaney wrote Beowulf. Have you read it?
It is considered young adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
It is written in English.
Yes, he starred in The Terminator and The Order.
He's been in a lot of action movies. He was also in The Terminator and The Order.
Lionheart is an action film directed by Roland Emmerich. It also starred Brian Thompson
Lionheart also starred Meryl Streep
Liam Neeson, Morgan Freeman are some of the starring actors in this film.
You're welcome
He directed Seven Psychopaths. Do you like dramas?
Seven Psychopaths, In Bruges also starred Kevin Spacey, and Morgan Freeman.
It's a Psychopath. It's considered a psychological thriller.
I'm not a big basketball fan but I do know he was born in Houston
I watch a lot of basketball but I think it's because I'm more of a basketball fan. What about you?
Did you know that Willie Chandler is also a shooting guard?
Would you be interested in other books written by Patrick Rothfuss?
Alien is a series Aliens. Aliens is written by Ronald Shusett. Have you seen it?
Yes he does! He also produced Superbad. Have you seen that one?
I don't know if he produced anything, but he did star in Titanic. It is a horror film. Do you like horror films?
You're very welcome!
Yes, it was written by Graeme Simsion and released in 2013.
Yes, I heard that The Rosie Project was written by Ray Bradbury. Are you interested in his other works?
Yes, it is written by Rachel Carson. Do you like her work?
Sure! Antoine Fuqua starred in Olympus Has Fallen and Olympus Has Fallen. Have you read either of those?
Robert Downey Jr. also starred in Olympus.
Danny Lerner produced White Oleander which is a drama film.
War Inc was written by Steven Spielberg.
Yes, I do. Did you know he dated or dated Hayden Panettiere?
I didn't know she was in Zoolander. That was a romantic comedy.
I'm not sure if he's a friends with Will Smith, but I do know he starred in Men in Black 3.
The Ambassador's Mission is similar. Have you heard of it?
Harper Lee wrote To Kill a Mockingbird. Would you like to know more about this book?
Yes, Go Set a Watchman is another classic book by Harper Lee, have you heard of it?
You're welcome!
Sure, it was written by Cassandra Clare. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes, you are correct. Did you know she also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I'm not a huge baseball fan but I do know they are owned by George Steinbrenner.
He owns the Boston Red Sox
I see, they have a lot of unfortunate players like Ernest Hemingway and George Steinbrenner
I remember Michael Jackson, he had a deadly heart attack. I remember it when it was a tragedy.
Yes, he is a very talented person.
I think she is a great athlete, did you know she was born in Hisar (Indian district)?
I don't think I've seen badminton, I think I've heard that she's a good athlete. Is that your favorite sport?
That's a great place to visit. Have you been there?
I do! I haven't seen Last Sacrifice, but I know that it is a Thriller/Crime Fiction. Do you like that genre?
I do! The Amazing Spider-Man is written by Stan Lee and starring Emma Stone and Emma Stone. It was written by Stan Lee.
Steve Kloves also wrote The Amazing Spider-Man and The Amazing Spider-Man
Yes it was, it also starred Maggie Smith
Great, enjoy the movie
Gillian Flynn wrote What Do You Do and Sharp Objects.
It is a Objects.
I don't know a lot about those but I do know Sharp Objects
You are welcome
He wrote Heretics of Dune and Heretics of Dune.
Have you seen the movie True Romance? That's a good one.
I'm not sure of the release date. Heretics of Dune is written by William Shakespeare.
Sure, enjoy the book!
Did you like it because it's a romantic comedy?
You might like White Fang or X-Men 2. They are great comedies.
You're welcome.
Yes, it was written by Robert Jordan and is a Speculative fiction novel.
It was written by Wizard of Oz, do you like it because it is a speculative fiction genre?
I'm glad to assist you!
You're very welcome!
Little Miss Sunshine was written by Louise May Alcott. She also wrote Little Miss Sunshine.
Sure! It is written by the same director as Little Miss Sunshine. It was released in 1999.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I do! It was written by Sara Gruen. It is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novel?
Yes, I have read At the Water's Edge.
I have not heard of that one. Is it written by Sara Guen
I will have to check it out
Have a good one!
Have a great day
Beautiful Disaster is written by Jamie McGuire and released in 2011
I don't know any other books by him, but Jamie McGuire wrote Beautiful Disaster. Are you familiar with this author?
You're welcome!
Pulp Fiction was written by Quentin Tarantino
John Travolta also starred in Zombieland. Have you seen that one?
She was in Walk the Line and Self/less. Have you seen either of those?
Sandra Ellis Lafferty also starred in the movie Walk the Line
She was also in the movie Walk the Line with Will Smith
Yes he is! He wrote The Chronicles of Narnia and The Lion King. Have you read either of those?
I don't know much about them. What can you tell me about them?
Not really. I am more of a baseball fan. What about the Nets do you like?
I am not much of a basketball fan. I prefer to root for the Lakers. How about you?
Jake Gyllenhaal is a film director. He directed The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen it?
It was released in 2002.
It is directed by David Ayer, I don't have any more information on the stars in it, but I do have other movies directed by him?
Sure, have a good day!
Norton Juster wrote The Phantom Tollbooth and The Dollbooth.
Norton Juster also wrote the Harry Potter series, The Prisoner of Azkaban.
Yes it is. Another book in the series is The Looking Glass Wars, written by Frank Beddor.
It was released in 2004.
She wrote The Mists of Avalon, The Forest House and the Forest House. Have you read any of these?
It is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
Marion Zimmer Bradley is the author of the novel The Mists of Avalon, have you tried it?
You're welcome. Enjoy your reading!
John Ratzenberger starred in The Pirates of the Caribbean: Deadpool.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. What type of movies do you like?
It is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like those genres?
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Adventures.
Yes, it is a Drama-drama.
You're welcome!
Yes, I did. I love O Brother, Where Art Thou. It stars Vince Flynn. Do you like it because it is a Romantic Comedy?
Sure, he also wrote The Big Lebowski which is a crime fiction film.
Yes, it was released in 2014.
You're welcome.
Anthony Daniels starred in The Fugitive and The Notebook. Have you seen either of those?
Wally Lamb wrote The Hour I First Believed and The Hour I First Believed. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it was released in 2010 and is a mystery.
Yes! Wicked Appetite is also by Janet Evanovich. Do you like her work?
I have not, but I heard he wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest
Yes, I have The Fault in Our Stars. It is a speculative fiction.
Yes, he was the author of that book as well. Alan Cumming also starred in the movie.
Leo dicaprio is similar to leo dramma
Mark Wahlberg starred in The Good, the Bad, the Ugly and The Lost Symbol.
Sure, he starred in The Ice Harvest and The Hunting Party.
They starred in The Hunger Games and The Giver.
I am not sure but they starred in The Polar Express which is a drama.
You're welcome
Yes, The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is written by Joel Coen.
He also wrote The Silver Chair and The Chronicles of Narnia. Have you read either of those?
The Silver Chair is Speculative Fiction and Fantasy.
Sure, he directed District 9, a crime fiction film. Do you like those genres?
I'm not sure about that, but District 9 is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes! Kyla Pratt is also in Shark Night, with Kyla Pratt.
You're very welcome!
She starred in What's Up, Doc, and Virtuosity to name a couple.
I'm not sure, but I know she is a very talented singer.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Barcelona and the Mexico national team.
I'm not sure, I don't know much about Javier Hernández, but I believe he plays for the Mexico national football team.
I believe he is from Guadalajara.
Bobby Farrelly directed the movie Stuck on You. Stuck on You is written by Bobby Farrelly and stars Bella Thorne.
Bobby Farrelly also starred in Shallow Hal and Stuck on You. Have you seen them?
Jim Carrey also starred in The Minority Report. Have you seen that one?
You're very welcome!
Yes he plays basketball for the Chicago Bulls. He plays point guard position in the Chicago Bulls.
I'm not sure if he play again, but he was born in Chicago.
I don't really know much about basketball but I've heard a lot about it. Is that your favorite sport?
Yes, it was written by Lois Lowry and is a Speculative fiction book.
Yes, it was also written by Lois Lowry and is a Historical novel.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it.
He wrote The Twits and The Witches.
He wrote The Twits and The Witches
Yes that is a fantasty. I think you will enjoy it.
I am not sure when it was released, I do recommend it.
I am sure you'll like it!
Will Grayson was written by John Green. He also wrote The Fault in Our Stars and The Forest of Hands.
He also wrote Paper Towns, Looking for Alaska, and Looking for Alaska.
You're welcome!
The Firm is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It's considered a Thriller.
You're very welcome!
Aldous Huxley wrote The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell
Yes, The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell was released 1956. 1956 was the year that released The Last Man.
Yes, The Last Battle was released in 1956. Would you like to know more about this?
You're very welcome, I hope you enjoy it.
I do! He wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes. It was released in 1987. It was released in English. Have you read it?
He also wrote The Secret History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
He also wrote The Grand Design and The Universe in a Nutshell.
You're very welcome!
You're welcome.
Mary McDonnell starred in The Awakening and Scream 4. Have you seen them?
Yes, Redford also stars Robert Redford and Danny DeVito. Have you seen it?
I don't think so, but I think Scarlett Johansen was in The Horse Whisperer.
The Horse Whisperer is a War film.
He wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames and SantaLand Diaries. Have you read either of those?
I don't have that information, but I do know it was released in 1998.
Yes, it was released in 2008
You're very welcome
Yes, I do. She is very talented and is a very talented singer.
I didn't, didn't he? I've seen her in the show Victorious, did you know that?
Yes, it is a Woman, I love her!
Sure! Robin Williams starred in The Fauntleroy. Have you seen that one?
Mrs. Doubtfire is a comedy also starring Pierce Brosnan. Do you like comedies?
Yes, Leslie Dixon also starred in Zookeeper and The Pick-Up Artist. Have you seen those?
You're very welcome!
The Bourne Identity starred Matt Damon. Do you like movies starring Matt Damon?
Yes, he did. It also starred Rob Zombie and Xander Berkeley.
I would definitely recommend Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt and Kyla Pratt. It is also a psychological thriller.
I'm sure you will enjoy it!
Sure, Christopher Bigsby starred in The Crucible and All My Sons. Have you seen them?
Sure, The Crucible has genre Speculative fiction and was written by Christopher Bigsby.
Yes, if you like Drama movies you should check out To Kill a Mockingbird. It was written by Christopher Bigsby and starred Christopher Bigsby.
I don't have that information at hand but I do know it was written by Christopher Bigsby
You're welcome.
I think he's a great basketball player but I'm not sure if he's in the Basketball Hall of Fame.
I don't know much about him but I think he is a point guard.
There are a few basketball teams in the NBA, like Space Jam. Have you heard of it?
He's a point guard.
Sure! Mary Harron has directed such films as Warcraft and The Last Man. Have you seen either of these?
Mary has genre Thriller
your welcome
I do not stared in
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Would you like to know more about this movie?
The Matrix Reloaded is similar to he also wrote The Matrix Reloaded.
He directed the movie The Matrix Revolutions, it is a drama film.
He directed The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen it?
Scott Glenn starred in Allegiant. Do you like his acting?
Naomi Watts is a great actor in that movie. It is considered a War film.
He wrote The Light Between Oceans and The Light Between Oceans.
The Light Between Oceans has genre Fiction. Do you like fiction?
Yes, he starred in The Light Between Oceans. Do you like science fiction movies?
You're very welcome!
Andy Tennant is an American professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 1 in singles.
Andy Tennant starred in The Bounty Hunter. Have you seen it?
Fool's Gold is starring Katherine Heigl. It's a romantic comedy.
Yes, he did. Matthew McConaughey also starred in it as well.
You're very welcome!
He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
I don't know any books by him, but I do know he wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side
You're welcome
Taxi Driver is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Cruise?
Taxi Driver is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
You're welcome!
Isn't he a Uruguayan professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Barcelona and the Uruguay national team?
I don't think so, did he play for Liverpool F.C.
Did you know he was born in Rio de Janeiro.
Tom Brady is their quarterback. Do you like him?
The Half-Blood Prince is written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote The Casual Vacancy. Have you read it?
Thank you for all the information!
Do you like fantasy books? You might like The Casual Vacancy. It's one of my favorites.
Yes, O Brother, Where Art Thou is written by Ray Bradbury. It starred Tom Hanks and Kevin Spacey.
There are several films in the movie Troy including O Brother, Where Art Thou, and The Odyssey.
No problem. What genre are you looking for?
You're welcome.
That was written by Tennessee Williams. Do you like Southern Gothic books?
That is a true story. If you enjoyed the novel, you might also enjoy The Handmaid's Tale. Have you read it?
It's a drama that was released in 1945. It was written by Harriet Walter.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I do! Hayao Miyazaki starred in The Phantom which is a drama film. Have you seen it?
Ponyo is a drama starring Xander Berkeley and Al Pacino.
Yes, Yuria Nara starred in the movie Ponyo.
You're welcome.
Ma Long is a table tennis athlete from China. Are you a fan?
I am not sure about that. I do know he went to the 2012 Olympics.
2004 was the year that olympic swimming swimming and swimming was the olympics.
I didn't know they were in the National League. Who's your favorite team?
I do not like them, but I think they were the runner ups in Super Bowl XLVIII.
I do, I think Rangers is a great team, I'm not really a fan of the Rangers.
I don't know much about soccer, but I know they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
Not really. I like American Football. I prefer American football.
I like Manchester United F.C. I'm a huge fan of the New England Patriots.
Horse and His Boy is a great book. It was written by George R.R. Martin, and is a children's literature.
Do you like it because it's a children's story or because it is a comedy?
You're welcome.
Sure! She wrote In Her Shoes, a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Did you know she also starred in The Order of the Phoenix, which is a drama film.
I don't know any recommendations for Girls Night in, but I do know she also wrote The Scarlatti Inheritance.
I hope you enjoy it!
I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
You're very welcome!
Odd Thomas stars Dean Koontz and Dean Koontz. Do you like his work?
If you like movies starring Dean Koontz, you'll like The Fountains of Paradise. It's a great movie.
Worth Dying For is written by Philip Van Doren Stern. It's a thriller. Do you like that genre?
Jane Austen also wrote Sense and Sensibility, have you read it?
Pride and Prejudice is considered a Romance novel.
Certainly! It's a classic! It was released in 1851. It's considered a classic.
You're very welcome!
Titanic was directed by James Cameron. Do you like James Cameron?
Then you might like True Romance or The Aviator. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, it was. Divergent was adapted from the book and movie. Do you like the genre or the actors?
You might like The Giver or The Lawnmower Man.
Me too! She starred in The Proposal and The Proposal. Have you seen either of those films?
She also starred in The Proposal. Do you like her movies?
The Proposal has genre Romance Film
You're very welcome
Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors and The Secret Life of Bees. Have you read either of those?
I do it with Mirrors has genre Historical period drama.
I do. She also wrote They Do It with Mirrors and The Secret Adversary.
I do! She starred in The Special Relationship and The Queen. Have you seen either of those?
That is a great Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Ralph Fiennes is a great actor. I think you'd enjoy The Casual Vacancy.
John Woo directed Red Dragon, which is a Thriller/Horror.
Red Cliff is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
If you like action films, you would like War films. Have you seen them?
You are welcome, enjoy!
Madagascar is a Sci-Fi movie starring Selena Gomez. Selena Gomez is in it, do you like Sci-Fi movies?
He was in Madagascar if you haven't seen it already. Madagascar is a drama. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Edgar Wright wrote The Iliad, which is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Worlds End is a Science Fiction Romance Film. Do you like Science Fiction Films?
I'm not sure about Shaun of the Dead, but it is directed by Edgar Wright.
I hope you enjoy it
I don't really know much about him, I'm a big fan of the basketball but I do enjoy watching the basketball games. How about you?
I do, he's a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks.
I think he plays the position of Point guard, right?
A Grief observed is written by C.S. Lewis. It was released in 1961.
He also wrote Till We Have Faces, The Magician's Nephew, and The Horse and His Boy.
You're very welcome!
I think he's a great tennis player but I don't really know much about him.
I don't know much about tennis, but I do know he was born in London.
No I didn't know that. Did you know he was born in London?
I didn't realize that, I wonder if he did enjoy his work?
He starred in Fast Times at Ridgemont High
Yes, Walt Whitman is the writer of Fast Food Nation. Did you know Walt Whitman wrote The Incredibles?
Leaves of Grass is considered children's literature. Do you like children's literature?
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! He starred in The Skulls along with Paul Walker. Have you seen it?
Paul Walker also directed Fast and the Furious as well.
Paul Walker starred in The Fast and the Furious. Paul Walker also starred in The Fast and the Furious
I don't know if he passed, but I do like Takers too.
Peter Krause starred in The Truman Show, The Secret Life of Bees, and The Truman Show. Have you seen any of those?
I don't know any genre but I do know it stars Peter Krause. Peter Krause also starred in The Truman Show.
You're very welcome!
Yes he is an athlete. He plays cricket for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
Fannie Flagg wrote Wreck-It Ralph. Is that of interest?
I Still Dream About You is a drama/fantasy written by Robert Zemeckis and is about a trip to Paris, je t'aime, and t'aime
I don't know any psychological thrillers, but I do know There's a Wocket in My Pocket and The Warrior
You're welcome
Toy Story 3 is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks movies?
Andy grew up and produced Toy Story 3. Do you like toy story stories?
Yes, it is written by Andrew Niccol and it is starring Tom Hanks
Absolutely! Do you like Memento because it's written by Jonathan Nolan?
You might like Shark Night, starring Kyla Pratt. It's a psychological thriller.
I'm not sure who stars in Wicker Park, but it is a crime fiction film. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, Jean M Auel wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
The Valley of Horses is considered historical fiction. Is that something that you would like to know?
Yes, it is. It was released in 1966.
You're welcome!
The Battle of the Labyrinth is written by Rick Riordan. It is a young adult fiction book.
Sure! He wrote The Titan's Curse, The Son of Neptune, and The Titan's Curse. Are those of interest?
Yes, he did. It starred Tom Hanks and Rick Riordan. Are you interested in either of those?
I don't know much about him other than he plays soccer for FC Bayern Munich II.
I don't watch much soccer either. Is he a midfielder?
I don't know much about him either, I think I heard he's a good midfielder.
I am not a huge football fan but I do like the athlete Alex Morgan plays the forward position. Are you a football fan?
i do not follow soccer much. what sports do you like?
That's a great movie! Then you should watch it now.
She wrote Pretty Little Liars. She wrote the Pretty Little Liars, which is a Speculative fiction book.
Yes, it is. She also wrote The Secret Life of Bees which is a drama on television.
You're very welcome!
I do! It was written by Orson Scott Card. It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes that is a great one also starring Nicolas Cage. Have you seen it?
That is a great movie. Did you know that Kate Walsh also starred in The Casual Vacancy?
Sure can I do that now?
No problem!
Do you like the Grapes of Wrath because it is written by John Steinbeck?
The genre is fiction/fantasy
The novel is based on the novel of the novel The Secret River. The novel was published in 1999.
She's a writer, a musician, actress, and actress.
I don't know much about football but I do know that Zooey Deschanel is their home venue. Have you seen it?
No, I don't think so. I'm more of a football fan. What about you?
I don't have any information on what countries that are like.
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know they are coached by Pete Carroll. Are you a fan?
Michael Higgins wrote Der Zauberberg and Drei Kameraden. Do you like his work?
Sure! Brandon Sanderson wrote Radiance and Warbreaker. Have you read either of those?
Yes he did and it's genre is science fiction/fantasy
Yes it was released in 2008
You're welcome
It's a crime fiction film starring Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal. It's considered a Thriller.
Robert Downey Jr. also starred in The Shining and The Kill Order. Have you seen either of those?
If you like Robert Downey Jr., you should definitely watch The Avengers. It stars Robert Downey Jr.
I'm glad I could help!
Yes! Bryan Singer directed The Usual Suspects, X-Men Apocalypse, X-Men Apocalypse. Have you seen any of those?
Sure! Bryan Singer starred in the movie X Men 2.
I am not sure about that, but it is X-Men 2 starring Hugh Jackman.
I don't have a problem with Hugh Jackman, but I do have some thrillers as well.
You are welcome, have a good day.
Yes, it was released in 2000 and directed by Ang Lee. Have you seen it?
Yes, he also starred in The Hobbit series and The Player. Have you seen any of those?
I've added them to your watch list. I hope you enjoy them!
You're very welcome!
Terry Gilliam wrote The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus which he directed.
I am sorry I do not have that information at hand but I can tell you TheImaginarium of Doctor Parnassus is written by Terry Gilliam
You're welcome
You're welcome
Sure. Do you like the book because it is a drama or a crime fiction?
Have you read True Believer or The Wedding? Those are two of his works.
Sure, The Wedding was released in 2012 and written by Edith Wharton.
Yes, Zane Grey was the author of the book The Wedding. I recommend it for you.
You're welcome.
Sure! Do you like the movie because it stars Leonardo DiCaprio or because it's a thriller?
Mastering the Art of French Cooking was released in 1999. It's a great book. Other books in the genre include The Martian Chronicles and The Martian.
You're welcome!
Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
You might like The Clan of the Cave Bear. It was written by John Scalzi. Have you read that one?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Callum Rennie starred in eXistenZ and Warcraft. Do either of those interest you?
Callum Rennie starred in eXistenZ and a comedy. Do you like comedies?
That was written by Vladimir Nabokov. He also wrote Lolita.
It was written by George R.R. Martin, and is considered a children's literature.
You might enjoy the book How to Win Friends and Influence People by Oscar Wilde
Sure, do you like the author Gillian Flynn, or the genre of Dark Places?
The Scar is a fiction novel written by Roland Emmerich. Do you like fiction books?
Yes, it was directed by Kurt Wimmer. Do you like Kurt Wimmer?
He also directed The Theory of Everything.
The King is a drama film that was released in 1999.
Total Recall is written by Roland Emmerich and starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Crime Fiction movies?
I don't have any other movies he's starred in. But he starred in The Hangover and The Ice Storm.
Ronny Cox was in The Car and The Beast Within You.
You're welcome
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Adventures?
Vanishing Acts is considered a horror novel. Do you like horror novels?
Vanishing Acts was released in 2014. I haven't read it yet, have you read it?
Brave was released 2012 and stars Brad Pitt. Brad Pitt also stars in the Thriller genre.
Have you seen Toy Story 2? It's hilarious.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He's a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Real Madrid and Flumino.
I don't know too much about soccer but I do know that Fernando Hierro is from Rio de Janeiro
Yes Luis Fabiano also plays the forward position
Yes, I do. He wrote The Bourne Identity which is a very good book.
Yes, it's a drama. Do you like dramas? If you like dramas, you might like The Maze Runner.
It's a drama! It stars Jennifer Lawrence and Liam Hemsworth.
I'll add that now.
I know that he plays cricket for the Mumbai Indians and was born in Jalandhar.
I'm not sure, but I do know that Harbhajan Singh plays Cricket
I don't watch it , but I do watch it from time to time.
She wrote If You Give a Pig a Party and If You Give a Pig a Party. Have you read them?
Yes, it was released in 1985. If you Give a Mouse a Cookie was released that year, I highly recommend it.
I don't have that information, but If you Give a Mouse a Cookie was released in 1985.
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, Simon Elkeles is an author. He wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction.
I don't think so, but Wild Cards is written in English.
I am sure you will enjoy Perfect Chemistry!
Harold Ramis is best known for his role in Stripes. He also starred in The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen it?
Since you like comedy movies, Harold Ramis is the writer of Stripes and he also starred in What's Up, Tiger Lily have you seen it?
Groundhog Day is a comedy movie and it is in the comedy genre
Steve Jobs is written by Walter Isaacson.
I don't know any other books written by Wither, but I do know that Wither was released in 2013, the year that released The Shape of Water and The Time Machine. Have you read those?
Sure! Lauren DeStefano also wrote The Tree of Hands and Fever. Have you read either of those?
I do! She wrote The Night Circus, have you heard of it?
I do have a book called The Last Song. It was written by Nicholas Sparks.
Yes, Nicholas Sparks also wrote True Believer and The Notebook.
Nicholas Evans also wrote True Believer and The Notebook.
It's considered a Romance Film.
No problem!
I don't know much about the cowboys, but I do know that he was in The Fault in Our Stars.
Yes, the Cheerleaders is actually one of the best teams in the U.S.C.S.A.
I agree, they're amazing. I love the art collection.
Yes, Yuvraj Singh starred in Jumbo
Yes, he was in Slumdog Millionaire.
If you like horror films, you might like The Witch of Blackbird Pond. It's an excellent Indie film.
To Kill A Mockingbird is written by Harper Lee who also wrote Go Set a Watchman.
No, Harper Lee wrote To Kill a Mockingbird and The Twits.
You're welcome.
I think she is a great athlete, did you know she was born in Hisar (Indian district)?
I didn't know a lot about Zlatan Ibrahimovi, did you know he played in the Olympics?
Yes, I have heard of Serena Williams have you heard of Venus?
I do! I love his music. I love his old school Maroon 5
I'm not sure if she is known but she is a songwriter too.
I don't know anything on that label, but I do know that he starred in What Do You Do
Kick Ass starred Keanu Reeves and Nicolas Cage.
It is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
I don't have that information, but Nicolas Cage directed it.
Nicolas Cage also starred in a thriller called Lord of War.
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is considered a War film.
He directed The Sorcerer's Apprentice and Lord of War.
You're welcome.
I do! He's one of the best hip hop artist now.
I don't know a lot about Zakira. I know he is a good writter.
I think he was born in Zakira. I wonder if he has done his music?
Inside Man is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate are good ones. Have you seen them?
Its a great movie, and it was directed by David Ayer. Its a romance film.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it's one of my favorite movies. It's written by Steven Zaillian.
Yes Liam Neeson also starred in The Mask. It's an Action/Comedy.
Sure. Schindler's List is starring Tom Hanks. It's a Historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
Do you like the movie because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Yes, there are a couple other books in the same genre as Tuck Everlasting and The Secret Life of Bees.
Great! The Golden Compass is a good one as well. It was written by Anne Tyler.
You're welcome.
Sure, it's written by Mark Twain. It's considered children's literature. It's considered children's literature.
Sure! Lucia Graves wrote La sombra del chivo, El prncipe de pis putas tristes, El prncipe de pis putas tristes. Have you read any of these?
I do. It was released in 1987. It's considered children's literature.
2008 was the year that released The Name of the Wind.
You're welcome!
I know she is an actress, she starred in The Muppets and The Muppets.
It was released in 1986
I do not know, but I do know she starred in the television series The Muppets.
The Muppets starring Vanessa Ferlito and Lady Gaga
I'm not a big fan of the Baltimore Ravens, but I do like their coach Jim Caldwell.
I don't know too much about him, I think Lamar Jackson is a good quarterback. Is he a good guy?
Do you need any other information?
Spirit Bound was written by Richelle Mead. She also wrote The Grapes of Wrath which is a young-adult fiction.
Yes, some of the Young Adult Fiction books are Frostbite, Shadow Kiss and The Pillars of Creation.
The Fault in Our Stars has a genre of Young-adult fiction and was released in 2010.
I don't have any other books in the genre, but I can recommend other books in this genre as well. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, it was written by Lois Lowry. Are you familiar with her work?
Lois Lowry wrote Anastasia Krupnik and The Giver.
I don't have that information. However, Lois Lowry also wrote The Giver.
Christopher Bigsby wrote The Crucible and All My Sons. Have you read those?
He also wrote The Crucible, have you heard of it?
It was written by Wes Anderson, who also wrote The Grand Budapest Hotel, have you heard of it?
I am not sure of his other titles, but I can tell you he is a writer as well. He wrote Insomnia and The Tree of Life.
I'm not sure, but I do know she is also a film producer.
Of course, I think you'll enjoy!
Yes, I love it. It was written by Quentin Tarantino.
It stars Roger Avary and is a drama/mystery. It was released in 1994.
He also starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which is a drama film.
Silent Hill came out in 1994. Do you like Horror movies?
I do! She starred in A View to a Kill and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade.
She starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo have you seen it?
You're very welcome!
I do. Did you know she starred in The Muppets a musical comedy?
Is that the song you like to listen to?
I'm not sure if she's in it, but it's catchy. I think she's from the 90's.
Colleen McCullough wrote The Thorn Birds and The First Man in Rome.
The Thorn Birds was released in 1993 and The First Man in Rome was written by Colleen McCullough.
The First Man in Rome has the same genre as The First Man in Rome.
Alison Doody starred in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Have you seen it?
It came out in 1994
The Last Crusade also starred Shia LaBeouf
you are welcome
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azk was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like the book because it's a fantasy?
Have you read Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets or The Fault in Our Stars?
You're welcome
Yes, I can! Daphne du Maurier wrote Rebecca and My Cousin Rachel.
Rebecca was released in 1938.
No. I don't have any information on that.
Yes, I do. He wrote The Muse which was also made into a movie.
Yes, The Muse is a great Comedy-drama movie. Have you seen it?
I do! The Muse is a great Comedy. It also stars Joe Pesci and Debi Mazur.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I like it too! Despicable Me 2 with my son is Sylvester Stallone. What else can I do for you?
Yes, he does. Steve Carell also starred in The Island and the X-Men. Have you seen them?
You're welcome.
Wilson Rawls wrote What Alice Forgot and Truly Mady Guilty. Have you read either of those?
Susan Meissner wrote This Is Spinal Tap. This one has genre Speculative fiction and fantasy.
You are welcome.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Terminator is a sci-fi thriller. Do you like sci-fi?
Jeff Goldblum also starred in The Manchurian Candidate and The Panther.
You're very welcome!
I don't really know much about Philadelphia Eagles, but I think they are a great team. I think they are a very good NFL team.
Tom Brady is such a great player. What's your opinion?
I've never seen his wife, Gisele, but I love his movies!
I like John Lennon, he wrote The Yellow Submarine.
John Lennon has a few songs. I like Tropic Thunder and Tiny Beautiful Things.
Sure, do you like it because it's a thriller or because it's a thriller?
I don't have any of them, but I do have some comedies written by Steve Kloves, who also wrote Ant-Man.
The Postman has a genre Adventure, I think you might like it because it is a comedy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome.
Pearl Harbor is a Romance film. Do you like Romance Films?
Pearl Harbor has genre War. Do you like War movies?
Yes, I do. It was written by Chris Columbus. It stars Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone.
There is a sequel called the Harry Potter series
Chris Columbus also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Isn't he a really good basketball player?
I don't really know much about basketball but I think he plays for the Golden State Warriors. Are they good?
I'm not sure if it does, but Steve James also starred in The Hangover as well.
I have not seen Space Jam. Is it a comedy starring Jim Carrey?
Yes, she wrote The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is a Science Fiction novel.
You're welcome.
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football team based in Denver, have you been to a few games?
It is a scottish football team.
I like Basketball and Football. What about you?
Robert Duvall starred in The Apostle. Have you seen this movie?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. I do know that Robert Duvall starred in The Apostle. He also starred in The Apostle.
You're very welcome!
Yes he starred in Friends with Benefits. Did you know he starred in Friends with Benefits?
He did. He had a starring role in those films as well. Have you seen it?
I don't know. I wonder if he's acted or not in any films that he was in.
Total Recall is a sci-fi thriller. Do you like sci-fi?
There are so many great science fiction books that you might enjoy are; The Island, The Running Man, and The Lost Hero. Have you seen any of these?
I am not sure who stars in it, but it is written by Philip K. Dick. It is considered science fiction as well.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I do! He's a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
I have heard he is a good one as well.
I have not seen that one. I do know he is a writer and a film producer.
I do! Last Sacrifice is written by Paulo Coelho and it's a paranormal romance novel. Do you like those genres?
I am not sure about that but it was released in 2013
She also wrote The Secret Life of Bees that you might like
You're welcome
Sure! Divergent was written by Veronica Roth. Do you like her books? She wrote The Giver.
It's Young-adult fiction, similar to Divergent.
Do you like the movie because it is a Thriller?
Yes he did. Eric Carle also wrote The Very Hungry Caterpillar.
Another great children's book is The Iron Giant. Have you read that one?
Yes he also wrote The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and The Fault in Our Stars.
Yes, he also wrote Cars and Finding Neverland.
You're welcome.
Bruce Greenwood starred in The Republic of Love and The Republic of Love. Have you seen either of those?
Jackie Burroughs also starred in The Republic of Love with Jackie Burroughs. Do you like her?
I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about him other than he's a quarterback for the Green Bay Packers.
I don't know much about him except he has won a quarterback for the Green Bay Packers.
Mike McCarthy also plays for the Green Bay Packers, have you heard of him?
Yes, she's a great tennis player. She won the UEFA Team of the Year Award.
I can tell you that The Scarlett Johansson also wrote The Handmaid's Tale and The Handmaid's Tale.
I don't know any other books by him, but I can tell you that he was influenced by Vladimir Nabokov.
You're welcome.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other information on A Little Princess, but I do have a similar story.
Yes, they are children's literature like Winnie-the-Pooh. Do you like that genre?
Yes you are right. I think you'll enjoy it.
You're very welcome!
I don't really know much about basketball but I do know they are owned by Jay-Z.
I'm not really sure. He was the runner-up in Super Bowl XLVIII. Have you seen it?
I think it is a great place to visit. I'm not sure if it was the Greek Freak.
Yes, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by Steve Kloves.
Yes he did. Wonder Boys was released in 2001. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but I do know they both starred in The Catalyst.
The Road is a Thriller written by Rick Riordan. Do you like Thrillers?
There is a book similar to The Road called The Fault in Our Stars written by Vince Flynn.
I'm sorry, I don't have access to that information right now.
He wrote a lot of fiction genres including Fantasy, Children's literature and speculative fiction.
Yes he does, he also writes science fiction as well.
You're very welcome!
Do you like Tom Hanks as an actor?
Tom Hanks also starred in Larry Crowne, and That Thing You Do!
That Thing You Do is actually a drama. Tom Hanks also starred in The Shawshank Redemption which is a drama.
You're welcome, enjoy!
She's a great actress. She starred in The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. Have you seen it?
She also created Monster's Inc. You may want to see her on Saturday Night Live.
Yes, I do. The show is based on a satire and historical period drama. Do you like those genres?
Yes, it is. Do you like that genre?
Yes, that's where aired the Invention of Lying
Isn't she the athlete who plays the forward position in soccer?
I know he's a famous athlete but I don't know much about him. Is he a football player?
I didn't know she was a woman. What sport do you like?
I love her song Your Love is My Drug. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about her as a fan of Adele, but I do know she won the Grammy Award for Record of the Year
I like Yellow Submarine, did you know he was born in Houston?
Sure, Beatrice Sparks wrote Go Ask Alice, have you read it?
Yes, it was released in 1997. Do you like thrillers?
I'm not sure about that but I do know it was written by Beatrice Sparks and was released in 1997.
You're very welcome!
He wrote The Martian Chronicles and The Illustrated Man. Have you heard of them?
Yes, it's speculative fiction. Another example would be The Martian Chronicles is The Illustrated Man.
I'm not sure if they are, but Wintersmith is a science fiction novel.
You're welcome!
You're welcome, enjoy!
He wrote Freakonomics and Horrible Bosses.
I am not sure who starred in Freakonomics. I do know that Seth Gordon directed Freakonomics.
Cristiano Ronaldo plays soccer for the Real Madrid C.F. and the Portugal national football team
Yes he is from Portugal. Did you know he is also an athlete?
Yes she is. Did you know she was born in Addis Ababa?
Total Recall starred Arnold Schwarzenegger. Would you like more movies with Arnold Schwarzenigger?
Absolutely! Arnold Schwarzenegger also stared in The Terminator and The Quick and the Dead.
Great choice! Arnold Schwarzenegger is playing his main role, as well as Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Yes, Ella Enchanted stars Tika Sumpter and Temuera Morrison.
Ella Enchanted stars Rita Wilson and Rip Torn
There is no information available for you
You are welcome
Irwin kershner starred in The Return of the King. Have you seen it?
Tom Hanks and Reese Witherspoon both star in this movie.
William Lucking was also in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back.
He wrote Madame Bovary. Are you interested in Literary realism?
It was released in 1856. It is a Romance novel.
I do not know when it was published. Sorry.
It's considered a Sci-Fi/Horror.
Law Abiding Citizen starred F. Gary Gary who also starred in The Green Mile.
Yes he was and he also starred in The Lawyer
No I have not, what is it about?
Heart of Darkness is written by Joseph Conrad and is a Fiction Novel.
Certainly. He wrote The Portable Atheist and The Secret Agent. Have you read either of those?
Yes it is. It is in the English language.
He wrote Peter Pan
It was released in 1904
No, I do not think so. J.M. Barrie also wrote Wrath of the Titans.
It was originally written in English.
You're welcome!
She wrote a book called Welcome to the Monkey House.
Jane Eyre is considered a Romance novel. Do you like Romance Novels?
Will do! I hope you enjoy them!
Sure, he wrote David Copperfield. Have you read this one yet?
Charles Dickens wrote Oliver Twist and The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club.
You're welcome!
Blood Promise is a young adult fiction book written by Richelle Mead. It is part of a series of young adult fiction books.
Yes, it is written by Richelle Mead.
I do not know, but I do know it is a young adult fiction.
You're welcome! Wicked Lovely is a good one.
Sure! He is a famous tennis player. He was born in Switzerland and he played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
I don't know too much about tennis but I do enjoy Serena Williams. Do you like her?
It's a science fiction film. Do you like science fiction?
Blake Griffin is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Do you like basketball?
I don't know too much about basketball but I do know he was born in Detroit.
I didn't realize he's 2 feet tall, but I think ha ha ha! I think ha ha ha!
Are you looking for other books written by Chris Columbus?
Speculative fiction and Fantasy
You're welcome.
Yes, The Help was starring Scarlett Johansson. Have you seen it?
She's been in quite a few movies. She's been in a number of movies as well.
I don't have any information on other films he has been in, but I can tell you that he was in Fifty Shades of Grey.
He directed The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. Have you seen this movie?
Yes he did direct that one as well. State Fair is a drama and he also directed Monster's Inc.
Yes he did. Another one of the musicals you might like is The Green Mile. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Pat Conroy wrote The Water is Wide and The Prince of Tides. Have you read them?
Yes, it is written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like his writings?
She wrote Tiny Beautiful Things, The Secret Life of Bees, and The Day After Tomorrow.
Wise Blood is a fiction novel.
Your welcome.
Yes, she starred in Aliens.
Bill Paxton has also starred in The Brothers Grimm and The Prisoner of Azkaban. Have you seen those?
Tombstone also starred Russell Crowe and Bruce Willis. Do you like his movies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Pride and Prejudice is written by Jane Austen.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. what else can i do for you today?
You're welcome
Simon Elkeles wrote Wild Cards, Rules of Attraction and Virtuosity.
Some of her most famous novels are When You Reach Me and Wildwood Dancing. Have you heard of these?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
Paul Verhoeven starred in The Last Man in Rome. Have you seen it?
He was also a director. He directed The Emperor's New Groove.
Total Recall is a 2004 science fiction film directed by Roland Emmerich.
You're welcome.
Snow White and the Huntsman was written by John Lee Hancock. It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I'd say you'd enjoy Snow White and the Huntsman. It's a romantic comedy.
I'm not sure about that, but I do know it stars Scarlett Johansson and Bill Cobbs
I don't know, but I do know that Scarlett Johansson starred in Undertow as well.
I'm sure you'll enjoy it
Yes, I do. It was written by Rick Riordan. It's a Thriller, do you like that genre?
Then you might enjoy The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars.
The Golden Compass was written by Philip Pullman.
Glad I could help.
You're welcome.
Tom Cruise directed Collateral. Do you like his movies?
Yes, he did. That movie starred Ronan Bennett and Johnny Depp. Have you seen that one?
If you enjoyed the movie Night Night, you might also enjoy The Proposal. Have you seen it?
Absolutely! Is there anything else I can help with?
Total Recall starred Arnold Schwarzenegger. Would you like more movies starring Arnold Schwarzenegger?
Total Recall stars Jeff Bridges, Jeff Bridges, and Jeffery DeMunn to name a few.
Total Recall also stars Tim Pigott-Smith and Tim Pigott-Smith.
You are welcome.
Yes, I do agree. They were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLVIII.
I'm not sure about 2014 but they were the runner-ups in Super Bowl XLI
I've been a huge fan since they were the runner-ups in Super Bowl XLVII.
Denzel Washington and James Wilcox star in Equalizer.
Sure. She was in The Hunger Games, The Fifth Element, and The Giver. Have you seen any of those?
I do. Trolls was written by John Scalzi and it's a drama.
You're very welcome!
Ma Long is a table tennis athlete from China. Are you a fan?
Yes, he's from China. He was born in China. Did you know he's from China?
That is correct. Zhang Ziyi also starred in Hidden Dragon. Have you seen it?
He wrote The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
He also wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. They are both great books.
Mark Twain also wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, as well as The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn has genre Speculative fiction, fantasy, and children's literature.
Enjoy
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen who also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
Pride and Prejudice and Zombies, have you read them?
Persuasion is a Romance novel.
Hunt for Red October is written by John Scalzi and he also wrote To Rome with Love.
It's considered a Romance and Historical Fiction genre.
You're welcome.
Ben Stiller wrote Zookeeper which starred Ben Stiller also a director.
Owen Wilson is hilarious in Zoolander. Did you know he was in it?
Yes, he was also in Zoolander 2 along with Ben Stiller.
Really, I am glad I could help.
I am a big fan of hers. I like the song X-Men Apocalypse.
I didn't know she was a fan of hers. I remember when she and Britney both starred in Downhill.
I haven't seen that one, what is the genre of Black Snake Moan, do you know?
The Terminal is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
It is written by Liisa Garner and released in 2012, have you heard of it?
Tom Hanks also wrote Larry Crowne, have you seen that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Steve McQueen starred in Transformers and Traffic. Have you seen them?
The Great Escape came out in 2014. Steve McQueen also starred in The Casual Vacancy. Have you seen that one?
Great choice! Diana Rossio was the main character, as well as the film.
You're very welcome! Enjoy!
Do you like Heart of Darkness because it's written by Joseph Conrad or because it's a Novella or because it's a Fiction Novel?
Mary Shelley wrote that one.
The Very Hungry Caterpillar is written by Eric Carle
That is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
It was released in 2001.
It was written by George Orwell
Yes you are correct and it is in the Adventure Genre
Do you need anything else?
Yes, Lionel Messi is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Barcelona and the Brazil national team.
I agree! I wonder if he enjoy watching college games.
I didn't know that! Louis van Gaal also coached the Manchester United F.C. Sports Sports Complex.
Yes, Tom Hanks starred in the movie. Did you know he also starred in Larry Crowne?
Yes, he was in Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back, The Empire Strikes Back, and The Empire Strikes Back.
I can't add anything else to queue.
He directed The Perks of Being a Wallflower and The Perks of Being a Wallflower.
Hugh Jackman stars in it. Do you like him?
Yes she was. She was also in Zookeeper.
He also directed The Perks of Being a Walflower.
You're welcome.
Yes, it's written by Anne Rice, and it stars Brad Pitt and Tom Cruise
Tom Cruise also starred in Vanilla Sky and The Last Samurai.
Andres Iniesta is a soccer player from Spain.
I'm not a huge baseball fan but I do enjoy watching the Dodgers from time to time.
I don't know too much about the Astros but I think they have a goof team.
That is correct. The San Francisco Giants have won a lot of trophies.
I would have to say they are more of a baseball team.
The Devil Wears Prada stars Anne Hathaway. Do you like Anne Hathaway movies?
You might enjoy The Dark Knight or The Thin Red Line. Have you seen them?
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, he starred in The Phantom which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, it was released in 1999 and Laurie Metcalf also starred in it. Do you like science fiction?
Yes, The Legend of Zorro is starring Scarlett Johansson and Robert Downey Jr.
Yes, William Friedkin directed The Hunted, The Old Man, and the Seabiscuit. Have you seen any of these?
It is a drama. Do you like that genre?
I don't know any other thrillers by him, but if you like thrillers you should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt
You're very welcome!
Pearl S Buck wrote The Good Earth which is a Historical period drama. Do you like this genre?
Yes, it is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, it is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're very welcome!
I haven't heard much about it but I do know they are owned by Leslie Alexander.
I like basketball and football. What about you?
I love tennis, how about you?
He directed Little Miss Sunshine which is a drama film.
He also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
Yes, some of the actors that starred in Little Miss Sunshine are Tracy Chapman and Kirsten Dunst.
Alan Arkin also starred in The Kite Runner. Have you seen it?
Yes she is. Did you know she starred in The 2012 Olympics?
I am not sure, but I do know she is currently ranked world No. 1 in singles.
You're welcome.
He wrote Three Cups of Tea and a few more. Have you read any of those?
Ralph Steadman starred in The Mists of Avalon. Have you seen it?
Absolutely, he also wrote Loathing in Las Vegas that came out in 1988. Have you read it?
Absolutely, enjoy and have a great day.
Ella Enchanted has genre Speculative fiction do you like that genre?
She also wrote The Three Musketeers, have you read it?
Yes, The Two Princesses of Bamarre is a Fantasy novel, have you read it?
Tombs of Atuan is written by Terry Gilliam, have you read this one yet?
I'm not really a fan of the Denver Broncos. I like their mascot, Miles.
I haven't he coached the Denver Broncos
Is he also a free agent?
He's a football player. He was born in Rio de Janeiro. Do you like soccer?
He plays for the Argentina national football team.
I don't really know anything about soccer. Is he a good player?
Sure, you might like The Long Haul. It was released in 2004.
It is a romantic comedy, have you seen it or seen the movie?
You are welcome have a good day.
Apocalypto is written by Francis Ford Coppola and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
He also wrote Apocalypto. Have you seen it?
Sure! It stars Christo Jivkov, Christo Jivkov, and Gwyneth Paltrow. It is considered a historical period drama.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure. Divergent is a Science Fiction, Dystopian fiction. Do you like those genres?
Sure, she wrote Insurgent and The Gift.
You're Welcome
Yes, that was written by Veronica Roth.
PS, I Love You is written by Cecelia Ahern and it's a novel. It was released in 1997.
She also wrote Where Rainbows End
It is a Romance novel.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is written by Steve Kloves. It is a fantasy movie. Do you like that genre?
Did you like the movie because it was written by Steve Kloves or because it is a fantasy?
The Golden Compass is written by Philip Pullman. Do you like him?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He directed Cutthroat Island and The Long Kiss Goodnight. Have you seen them?
Yes, he also starred in The Long Kiss Goodnight.
I do not know, but I do know that Tom Everett starred in The Long Kiss Goodnight.
You are welcome.
I don't know much about her other than he composed Titanium. Do you like him?
I like Shakira more Tho. What is your favorite song of hers?
Did you know Ricky Martin starred in The Muppets?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that it was written by Jojo Moyes.
Me Before You was written by Quentin Tarantino. He also wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that?
I'm not sure, but I do know that it was released in 1999. Do you like his work?
I don't know much about her other than she's a Danish tennis player. Do you like her?
I haven't really watched tennis but I believe Venus has won a lot of trophies.
I agree! Do you have a favorite sport?
They're pretty good. I'm a fan of the Madison Square Gardeners. Do you like them?
He also played for the New York Jets
I didn't know that too much about Hoop Dreams though. Who is your favorite actor?
I know a little, he's an athlete on the Wales national football team.
Not really, but I like Manchester United F.C. and the Manchester United F.C.
I like Jerry Maguire, he is a great player as well.
Pat Conroy wrote The Water is Wide and The Prince of Tides. Have you read them?
I'm not sure but it was released in 1969
I don't know any other books by him, but he wrote The Water is Wide
Your welcome
The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
I am not sure who wrote Fear Nothing, but it was released in 2014.
It's considered a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it is a great book written by Sergio Leone. Do you like his work?
Well it was written by Mickey Knox and adapted into a film starring Scarlett Johansson.
Unfortunately I don't have much information on that, but I do know that Once Upon a Time in America is also a great action film, have you seen it?
It stars Martin Scorsese and Cassandra Clare. Have you seen it?
If you like dramas, you might like Zoe's Tale and X-Men 2. Have you seen them?
To Kill a Mockingbird stars Robert Duvall and it's a drama.
Yes, The Old Manchurian Candidate was written by Robert Jackson.
Did you like the movie because Tom Hardy starred in it or because it was a crime fiction?
Yes, he is a composer/DJ. Abrams. He's also a composer and songwriter.
Yes he is a lyricist
I think he's a great athlete, but I don't really know much about him. I think he's a great athlete, but I think he's a good athlete
I like tennis. I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer. What about you?
I like tennis better than tennis. How about you?
She wrote The One Plus One and The One Plus One. Have you read either of those?
I am not sure about it. I do know Seven Years to Sin is a Thriller
You're welcome
I like Rob Riggle. He starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Hangover.
I don't know what type of songs she sing. Is that a type of genre you like?
I didn't know that. Is she a good singer?
I don't like Shakira, but I like Sia. I like her song Love You. Have you heard of her?
I don't think so, but I like The Hangover too. Have you seen it?
Isn't he the athlete that plays cricket?
Did you know Wladimir Klitschko is also an actor?
Yes, he was in that movie as well.
Bob Peck starred in Jurassic Park and Jurassic Park. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, Bill Paxton also starred in Jurassic Park as well.
Yes, that is a great movie. Kevin Costner also starred in it as well, and he also starred in it as well.
1989 was the year that released You Are Specials.
Do you like the movie because it is a Fantasy or Adventure movie?
I would recommend The Hunger Games and The Book Thief. Have you seen either of those?
It was produced by Steven Spielberg. It's a fantasy movie. Do you like him?
Yes, he is and Kevin Zegers was in it as well.
You're welcome.
It was written by Sophie Kinsella and released in 2003. Would you like to know more about this book?
She also wrote Twenties Girl which is a romance novel
She tends to write drama too. Have you seen The Wedding?
Great, hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome
He plays cricket and was recently named Cricketer of the Year.
I am not a fan of cricket but I do know he plays in Indian national team.
I've been a fan since the game was a lot of games. It's been a while since I watched the game.
Sure! Did you like Sharp Objects because it was written by Gillian Flynn or because it was written by Gillian Flynn, or because it was released in 2006?
She also wrote Sharp Objects and Dark Places. Have you read either of those?
I'm not sure if it is, but it was released in 2014 and written by Amber Heard.
Sure! Dominic Copper starred in Warcraft and The History Boys. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, Mamma Mia is a Thriller/Horror. It's a great movie.
It also starred Penelope Wilton. Are you familiar with her?
You're welcome.
I sure do! Anne-Marie is a singer. Is that your favorite singer?
They're a pretty good baseball team. I think they're one of the best teams in the MLB.
That's a great place to visit. They've been there so far.
I never heard of that one. It was great! It was great. It was written by George Steinbrenner.
Yes, Aaron Rodgers is great! Aaron Rodgers is a quarterback too.
It came out in 1999.
Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Wayside School Gets.
Louis Sachar also wrote Wayside School Writings, have you heard of this one?
It falls under Children's literature. Do you like children's literature?
I'm not a big golf fan but I think he won the 2010 Masters Tournament.
I think he does as well! Did you know Phil also starred in the movie Tin Cup?
That is a drama. It was released in 2012. It also stars Benicio del Toro and Tomb Raider.
Weeds was produced by John Scalzi and is a drama. Enjoy!
The Time Machine, The Invisible Man and The Island of Dr. Moreau are some of his notable works.
I don't have that information, but The Time Machine was released in 2010.
I have not seen it yet I will have to add it to my watch list. Thanks for your time!
You're welcome have a great day!
I have not seen it yet I will have to add it to your watch list. Thanks for the recommendation!
I do! He is a pretty good shooting guard, he won the NBA All Rookie Team of the Year Award.
That is a good one, he was born in San Francisco, have you seen it?
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I am not a baseball fan but I do know they are owned by George Steinbrenner.
I'm not really a baseball fan but I do enjoy watching the World Series where they play in.
I can tell you that the Yankees are owned by George Steinbrenner, the owner of the Yankees, the owner and former world No. 1 in singles.
Psycho is a psychological thriller starring Bruce Willis. Do you like that genre?
i do not know who starred in Psycho, but Robert Bloch also starred in The Hangover as well. have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but Alfred Hitchcock directed and produced it. Do you like Alfred Hitchcock?
I don't know much about soccer but I think they are coached by Ryan Giggs.
Yes, he is. Do you like any businesspeople?
Did you know he starred in The Watchers?
Sure! Do you like Rocky because it is written by Sylvester Stallone?
He also starred in The Box and The Devil's Advocate.
Creed is a drama movie that also stars Nicole Kidman and Emily Blunt
You're welcome, enjoy!
Michael Crichton wrote a book called Disclosure that it's part of a series.
The Great Train Robbery is a Drama/Fantasy. It was released in 1985.
You're very welcome!
I don't know, but I do know he directed The Good Doctor. It's a war film.
I don't know, but it is directed by James Cameron
He also starred in The Good Doctor
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen and it's a young-adult fiction novel.
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You might like the book The Invisible Man. It's a satire.
The Time Machine and The Invisible Man is written by Jane Austen. It's in the genre of Science Fiction.
Colin Trevorrow directed Jurassic World and Jurassic World. Have you seen them?
It's an adventure film. Do you like adventure films? Colin Trevorrow is a thriller.
You might like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee.
You're very welcome!
He starred in Things Behind the Sun and The Wild Life. Have you seen them?
Yes! That was a great movie. I think you'd enjoy it.
It is! It's considered a drama. It also stars Edward Norton.
That is true. Did you know he also starred in The Curious Case of Benjamin Button?
I think they've been a very good game since they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
That is the only one I have heard of. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am not sure. But the Dallas Cowboys are owned by Jerry Jones and their home venue is the Dallas Cowboys.
Irwin kershner directed The Return of the King
It stars actors like Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back and many more. Do you like action movies?
I don't have any information on Sean Connery.
Yes, Dark Places is written by Gillian Flynn. It was released in 2009 and in the genre mystery.
Gillian Flynn also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. Have you read any of these?
I don't know any authors, but Gillian Flynn also wrote Dark Places, which is a thriller.
Yes, I agree.
Yes I do, I like it.
Great, enjoy!
He plays cricket and was recently named Cricketer of the Year.
I don't know much about him other than he plays cricket. Do you like cricket?
I don't know too much about cricket but I think he played in Star Wars. Do you like cricket?
I have not. I've been to a couple of games. I've been to a couple of games. Have you been to any games?
I'd be glad to assist you. What sports do you like?
You too!
Yes, Houston Rockets is a professional basketball team owned by Leslie Alexander.
It is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Do you like Warlock because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Yes it is. Another one you might like is Zombieland. Have you seen that one?
You might also like the movie X-Men 2. Have you seen that one?
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like the movie because it is a drama?
Have you read Utterly Cold Blooded? It was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald.
Erich Maria Remarque wrote Im Westen nichts Neues and Drei Kameraden. Are you into foreign books?
I'm not sure when they came out, but I can tell you that Erich Maria Remarque is a German writer and a musician.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Erich Maria Remarque is a German author.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about her other than she's a Danish tennis player. Are you a fan?
She plays tennis. Do you like tennis?
I know Williams sisters play tennis, but I don't follow tennis much. Do you like tennis?
I didn't love it but I think I like it too!
I agree. I love the fashion fashion. Is that your favorite?
Yes, I do. Did you like the movie because it was written by Tennessee Williams, or because it was a drama?
Williams also wrote Cat on a Hot Tin Roof
Williams also wrote Cat on a Hot Tin Roof
you are welcome
In the Woods was written by Tana French and it's a Speculative fiction genre. Do you like these genres?
In the Woods has genre Speculative fiction. Do you like these genres?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I know a few of his books, such as  [Z no shmetsu],  and .
He has starred in Zombieland and The Hangover. Have you seen either of those?
Harsh Times is starring David Ayer, David Ayer, David Ayer, David Ayer, David Ayer, David Ayer, and many more. David Ayer starred in The Mask.
Yes he starred in Harsh Times. Have you seen it yet?
You are welcome
I do! They're in the AFC North division. They're in the AFC North division.
The Vikings are 2nd in the NFC North. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't really follow football, but I do enjoy Bears movies. Are you a Packers fan?
He was in The Amazing Spider Man and The Amazing Spider Man 2. Have you seen them?
You're welcome
The Social Network is a Biographical Film
It was released in 1999 and the genre is music director
2010 is the genre of the film.
2010 is the year that  1.  1 is written by Andrew Garfield
You as well!
Sure Ang Lee starred in Hollywood Chinese with Wayne Wang. Have you seen it yet?
I'm not sure, but Tobey Maguire also starred in The Ice Storm. Did you know that Tom Hanks acted in this movie?
He also wrote The Ice Storm. Have you seen this one?
It was written by Christopher Paolini and released in 2014. It is a young-adult fiction book.
I'm not sure if it is a Speculative fiction novel, but it is also considered Young-adult fiction.
You're welcome
Throne of Glass is written by Sarah J Maas. She also wrote The Assassin and the Desert.
It was released in 2013. It's considered a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I think you'll enjoy it!
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion.
I don't think so, but I do know that Persuasion was released in 1817.
I have not, but I have heard of it. It was released in 1817. Have you read it?
I know she plays badminton. I think she was born in Hisar (Indian district)
I don't know any other players like her, but I do know that Renee Zellweger was also in the 2010 Olympics. Do you like badminton?
I'm not sure where the game is played. Do you like badminton?
It was written by Andrew Niccol, who also wrote What Alice Forgot.
I do! He directed Seven Psychopaths, which is a great movie.
Yes he was a scientist, scientist, and director. Do you like scientist?
Yes he did and he directed The Polar Express. Have you seen that one?
Robin Williams starred in the movie The Next Best Thing. Have you seen it?
Mrs. Doubtfire is also in the genre Drama. Another good family movie is The Mask. Have you seen it?
Mrs. Doubtfire starred Robert Patti, who also starred in the movie.
Sure, I'll do that right away.
I know nothing about the Homer but I do know he wrote The Simpsons. Are you a fan of this genre?
Sure! Epic Poets and The Iliad were also written by Homer. Are you familiar with them?
I'm sorry, I don't have any more information on Beowulf. Anything else I can help you with?
I'm not a big football fan, but I like the Seahawks. Who is your favorite coach?
I didn't realize that. That was a great game.
No, they haven't played this year. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Proposal is written by Sandra Bullock and stars Tom Cruise and Sandra Bullock.
She starred in X-Men: Apocalypse
Yes Oceans 8 is a romantic comedy starring Sandra Bullock
He wrote The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October. Have you read those?
It actually is. It was released in 2008 and written by Charlaine Harris.
Yes it was! It was also written by Tom Clancy.
They're in the AFC North division. They're a basketball team.
The team is owned by Woodson
No,I don't have that information
You are welcome
In Bruges is written by Martin McDonagh and stars Tom Wilkinson.
Colin Farrell has been in a number of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a number of movies. Is there a certain genre you are interested in?
I'd recommend Seven Psychopaths. Colin Farrell also stars in that movie as well. Colin Farrell also starred in it as well.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football team based in Denver Nuggets
I don't have that information, but I do know they were runner-ups in Super Bowl XLVIII
I do! Fast Five is written by Gary Scott Thompson and Vin Diesel stars in it.
I don't know anything about Triller, but Gary Scott Thompson also starred in That Thing You Do which is a Crime Fiction Film. Do you like Crime Fiction Films?
Matt Schulza also starred in The Postal Service. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome.
Have you seen the movie X-Men 2 or X-Men 2?
Yes, the movie is based on the book.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, Jordan Spieth American professional golfer. Do you like golf?
That's a good place to visit Dallas. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes it is, it is. Do you like any other sports movies?
Yes, I am. She's a very talented person. She's also a film producer.
I'm not sure of any other works by her, but I think I'm familiar with Maya Angelou. Have you read any of her poetry books?
I don't know when it came out, but I do know it was written by Edmund Morris and is a graphic novel.
Sure. I hope you enjoy them.
He wrote она и мир and она и мир.
James Franco is an actor who starred in Whatever It Takes. Have you seen it?
This is the End stars Seth Rogen and James Franco. It is a comedy.
This is the End is a comedy-drama.
You're welcome!
You're very welcome!
Isn't he a soccer player?
I am not a huge fan of his but I do enjoy watching him play the same as Alexis Sanchez. What is your favorite sport?
Yeah that's a great movie. It's a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Doctor Zhivago also stars Kyla Pratt and Hugh Jackman. Is that your favorite movie?
It is a young-adult fiction book written by Rick Riordan. Are you interested in young adult fiction?
Vespers Rising is the only book I can find by Rick Riordan
It was written by Rick Riordan and is a Young Adult Fiction
She wrote Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
Mary Ann Shaffer wrote a lot of comedy books
Mary Ann Shaffer starred in The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
I do! He starred in Imagine That. Have you seen it?
Ray Bradbury wrote Ray Bradbury. He wrote The Martian Chronicles, The Illustrated Man, and The Illustrated Man.
Is there anything in particular you would like to know?
The Bradbury Chronicles was released in 1953
You are welcome, enjoy!
Isn't he a Chile national footballer who plays for FC Barcelona and the Chile national team?
Yes, I have! He's a professional golfer from Dallas, Texas.
Is that the one with Adam Sandler in it?
I like Rob Schneider in Grown Ups too. He's a great actor. Do you like him?
Yes, she was in Frida.
Joe Morton starred in What Lies Beneath as well. Have you seen this movie?
Beneath is a thriller, so you might like Shark Night. That is a thriller.
Total Recall is a great movie. Did you like the movie because it was written by John Scalzi?
You're very welcome!
Yes, Saina Nehwal is a famous badminton player from India.
I am not sure, but I do know he competed in the 2012 Olympics.
Yes he is from Hisar.
Thor is starring Natalie Portman and Chris Hemsworth. Do you like the movie because it's a thriller?
Thor is a great movie starring Robert Downey Jr and Scarlett Johansson, Thor and Chris Hemsworth
Robert Downey Jr. starred in The Manchurian Candidate, Thor, Iron Man and many more. Have you seen any of these movies?
Thor is an Action Adventure movie starring Robert Downey Jr..
Eric Brees is a children's literature. He wrote The Butterfly Effect.
The Butterfly Effect is a thriller starring Eric Brees. It is also starring Tom Hanks.
The Butterfly Effect is starring Scarlett Johansson and Eric Brees. It is a horror film.
William Lee Scott also starred in The Butterfly Effect and The Final Destination 2.
October Sky is a drama film. It was directed by Eric Brees.
You're welcome.
Yes, I do like her music. I like the movie Crossroads and the movie Crossroads.
I'm not sure who else starred in it, but I do know Pauly Shore is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
You're welcome.
Sure! He directed The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen either of those?
Pencil 300 is a Romance Film. It is a War film.
Sure, It starred Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Gerald Butler starred in it and Michael Fassbender acted in it.
Yes, Kill Bill: Vol. 1 is considered a thriller. Do you like that genre?
Scarlett Johansson starred in it. Do you like his movies?
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion, which was released 1817
Yes idre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion, have you read it?
That is correct. It's a great Thriller.
Sure, it's written by Cassandra Clare. It's a young-adult fiction novel. Do you like young adult fiction?
The Shadowhunter's Codex, The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Ashes; City of Ashes; City of Glass. Do you like young adult fiction?
I'm not sure but I believe it was speculative fiction
Tom Cruise starred in Rogue Nation along with Tom Cruise. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was also in Days of Thunder. Have you seen that movie?
Tom cruise starred in Days of Thunder and The Last Samurai. Have you seen them?
You're welcome
I'm not a Packers fan, I'm a Packers fan. They're coached by Mike McCarthy. Do you like them?
I've been a Packers fan since they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XXXXXVIII.
I've been a fan since I watched the Super Bowl XXXXVIII. What about you?
The book was written by Jodi Picoult, who also wrote The Sister's Keeper.
Yes, have you read The Sister's Keeper or The Tenth Circle? They are both written by Jodi Picoult.
Yes, I would definitely recommend Plain Truth as well.
I don't watch soccer, but I do watch the Dortmund match.
I do not watch soccer, but I do watch it when it comes on TV. Is that your favorite sport?
I do too! It's such a fun way to play. Is there anything else I can help with?
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing and The Sweet Far Thing
The Sweet Far Thing is Speculative fiction and The Diviners is in the genre of Children's literature.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on the genre but The Sweet Far Thing is in the fantasy genre.
Yes Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
No, but Milan Kundera is from Poland.
You're welcome. Have a good day.
I do! He's a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
I'm not sure, but I do know that Drew Brees plays for the New Orleans Saints.
You're welcome
Yes,He is a professional Golfer born in Honolulu.
Yes, I do. Is there anything in particular you would like to know?
Wow, I didn't know so much about her. What other sports do you like?
Yes, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen them?
Bodyguard also starred Tom Hanks and Liam Neeson.
It was released in 1994. It also stars Frank Welker.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I don't know much about him other than he dated Toby Jones. Do you like him?
I did not know he was in the MTV Music Music Music Award. Do you like his music?
I'm not sure. I think he's married to Hailey Baldwin.
Do you like it because it is a Sci-Fi/Action movie?
The Looking Glass Wars written by Frank Beddor
If you like Adventure Films, you might like The Running Man or The Lost Boys.
She wrote The Ship of Brides and The One Plus One. Have you read either one?
It's considered a Romance/Comedy.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
The Oz books written by Diana Gabaldon, are you interested in other books by her?
I have not, but I have heard of it. It was released in 2001.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
I am not a big tennis fan but I do enjoy watching tennis matches.
I like Serena Williams and Rafael Nadal
I'm not sure, but I like Serena Williams too.
You're welcome!
Arthur Conan Doyle wrote The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes, The Complete Sherlock Holmes, and The Return of Sherlock Holmes. Have you read any of these?
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was released in 1950. The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was released in 1945.
Excellent! I hope you enjoy the book!
He wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke.
Have you read The Golden Compass or The Ruby in the Smoke?
You're welcome!
I have not. I've never read the book before but I have seen it. It was written by Diana Gabaldon.
Some of her other books are Divergent and Insurgent
Tobias Tells the Son: Tobias Tells the Divergent Story has genre Speculative fiction and fantasy.
You're welcome
I do! She starred in A Thousand Years and Lovestrong. Have you seen any of those?
I like pop rock and pop rock. Do you like her?
I don't think so, but I do like her song a thousand years. Have you heard of the movie Dreamworks?
Thor starred Chris Hemsworth. Would you be interested in more movies starring Chris Rock?
I don't know another movie he starred in, but I think you might enjoy The Green Mile. Have you seen it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure. Have you read The Tenth Circle? I highly recommend it.
Where There's Smoke is written by Jodi Picoult. It is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
Where There's Smoke is a Fictional novel.
He's a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Real Madrid and Fluminense FC.
Yes I do. Premier League is a great movie. Have you seen it?
I like the Patriots. Who's your favorite team?
I'm not a huge football fan, but I do know they are coached by Mike Pettine.
I do! I'm a huge fan of Jake Allen, but I don't really know anything about the Browns. Is he a good player?
I don't know too much about him, I know he also plays for the Cleveland Browns.
Peter Weir directed Witness, The Truman Show, and The Truman Show. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, he did and Peter Weir directed Witness. It is starring Scarlett Johansson and Richard Portnow.
I do! She starred in Spring Breakers and Spring Breakers.
I have never heard of that one, is it good?
Number the Stars is a fiction book written by Lois Lowry. Do you like fiction?
Sure. Lois Lowry also wrote The Giver, which is a Young-adult fiction as well.
Yes, it is written by Lois Lowry and is a Speculative fiction.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Yes, Rosemary Wells wrote Charlotte's Web
I'm not sure about that, but Rosemary Wells wrote a play adapted from Charlotte's Web.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Bradly Cooper starred in What's Up, Tiger Lily, and The Giver. Have you seen any of those?
Sure, if you like comedies, you should check out Zoolander or Young Frankenstein.
Sure. Submarine is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
He was also in Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back.
You're welcome.
Sure! Did you like the book because it was written by Douglas Adams?
Douglas Adams also wrote The Restaurant at the End of the Universe and The Restaurant at the End of the Universe.
It was released in 1993. It is a Fiction/ Adventure book. Do you like those genres?
I don't know much about the Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul, but I do know that it was released in 1980.
Absolutely! Is there anything else I can help with?
I like contemporary R & B but I like contemporary R &B.
Those are similar to Nsync and Backstreet Boys. They are also very popular in the K-pop genre.
Yes I do. They have a lot of good songs. They've been a while since I've been a kid.
I'm a NY Giants fan. They are a pretty good team. Do you like them?
Yes he was. Do you like any other linebackers?
I'm a huge sports fan. I like the Redskins and the Cowboys. What about you?
Shark Night is a great Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Similar to TRON: Legacy is Shark Night. Shark Night is another science fiction movie you might like.
You're welcome.
L.A. Confidential is a thriller starring Scarlett Johansson and Chris Hemsworth.
L.A. Confidential is a thriller. Other movies in the series are The Martian and The Visitor.
You are welcome.
Taxi Driver is starring Tom Hanks and Johnny Depp.
Yes, it is a comedy and drama and comedy. Do you like those genres?
Yes, that is correct. Denzel Washington also starred in Zookeeper which is a drama. Have you seen that one?
You're very welcome!
Djimon Hounsou directed Unlawful Entry and The Vatican Tapes
Yes and he also starred in the Pianist. Have you seen that one?
She also starred in Shooting the Past. Have you seen that one?
The Pianist is a drama. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome
I don't know a lot about tennis but I do know she is dating Rory McIIroy
I did. I loved her in Hair Show. I loved her in that one. Have you seen it?
American Gangster also starred Ryan Gosling. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure where Serena is. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure! Neil Burger directed The Illusionist. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It's a Action Film. Do you like Action Films?
I'm sorry, I don't have access to that information. However, Neil Burger directed The Illusionist. It was released in 1998.
You're welcome!
Do you like the book because it is written by John Green, or because it is a young-adult fiction?
Have you read Sleepers or X-Men 2? They are both great thrillers.
Trojan Odyssey was written by Charles Dickens. It was released in 2014. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I can.
Sure, do you like the genre or the genre? It was written by Preston and directed by Preston
Broken Silence was released in 2004. It's also considered young adult fiction.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! Do you like the author Lauren Oliver or the genre of this book?
Pandemonium is written by Lauren Oliver. You might also like Zoe's Tale, Xenocide.
It was written by Robert Zemeckis. Do you like his work?
You're welcome! Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I love her music. Did you know she starred in Who's That Girl?
Did you know she was influenced by Madonna. She also starred in Sex.
Yes you are right and she has a relationship with Madonna.
Yes she did. She also starred in The Wash which is a comedy.
That is a good musical. Did you know Madonna was also a producer?
Yes, that was written by Joel Coen starring Tom Hanks and Joel David Moore.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Tilda Swinton was in Burn After Reading and also starred John Malkovich.
You're welcome!
It was written by Henning Koch and released in 2012.
Yes it is in English.
Of course, he wrote Britt-Marie var här and The Maggot People.
James Patterson has written Zoo and You've Been Warned among others.
He also wrote The Manchurian Candidate, which is a Historical novel.
You're right! Ray Chandler has written Lois Lowry, It's a Thriller.
Did you like Forrest Gump because it stars Tom Hanks?
Tom Hanks also starred in Larry Crowne. Have you seen that one?
I don't have any more information on Cast Away. Tom Hanks directed Cast Away.
You're welcome!
Darren Aronofsky directed Requiem for a Dream and The Wrestler. Have you seen them?
It is a drama
I am not sure who starred in it but I do know Requiem of a Dreams stars Ellen Burstyn
Francis Ford Coppola directed Apocalypse Now. Have you seen it?
Sure, some of the actors in Apocalypse Now are Billy Boyd, Eddie Redmayne, and Billy Crudup
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on the genre for Apocalypse Now, but I can tell you that Apocalypse Now is a war film.
Mr and Mrs Smith starred Colin Farrell and Jamie Foxx. Do you like movies starring Mr. F Smith?
It is a romance/drama.
You might like Shark Night. It stars Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore.
You're very welcome!
I do! Hayley Atwell wrote The Pillars of the Earth and The Pillars of the Earth. Do you like her work?
I am not sure, but Hayley Atwell also starred in The Wedding Date. Have you seen that movie?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I'm not a big fan of the Baltimore Ravens, but I do like their coach Jim Caldwell.
I don't watch much football, I like the Patriots. Who's your favorite patriots player?
Yeah, I didn't know that. I think he's a good guy, though.
Yes, it stars Mad Max Fury Road and Mad Max Fury Road. Do you like Sci-Fi thrillers?
Yes she did and she also starred in The Brave One.
Yes, he is also from the United States of America.
She was in the movie The Brave One, she starred in it as well.
You're welcome
E Lockhart wrote We Were Liars and The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. Have you read either of those?
It was released in 1929
We We Were Liars is a fiction novel by James Patterson. Do you like his work?
You're very welcome
Seven Pounds starring Will Smith, is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
That's a great book. One of my favorites is The Hunger Games. Have you read it?
Yes it does! Unknown is also a film. It's a drama.
I haven't seen it, but I have heard that it's a good movie. It was released in 2002.
I'll add it now. Enjoy!
I know a little, he's an athlete on the Wales national football team.
I don't think so, he's a midfielder.
I didn't know that. Is he from Wales?
Sia Furler is an American singer-songwriter. She's similar to Taylor Swift and Selena Gomez.
I love her music. I really liked her in the movie Whatcha Say. Have you seen it?
I like her too! I really liked her in the movie The Chandelier. Have you seen it?
I have not, but I have heard of it. It was written by Anne Tyler. Do you like her work?
I have not, but I know it was written by Anthony Heald.
I do! Anthony Hopkins starred in The Silence of the Lambs. It was released in 1986. Have you seen it?
Emily Griffin is a professional basketball player. Do you like basketball?
It was released in 2012 and written by Emily Griffin.
It's a great movie. Some other stars include Tom Hanks and Reese Witherspoon
You're welcome.
Kazuo Ishiguro wrote "Never Let Me Go".
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on anything else I can help you with.
Yes, it is a Science Fiction/Fantasy book.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He's a Polish footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich II
He plays the Midfielder
Mr. Robert Lewandowski is from Warsaw
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren, The Queen, and The Queen.
Sure! The Selection is a fantasy novel written by Kiera Cass'. It was released in 2011. It is about the first book The Selection.
I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Did you like X-Men because it was written by Bryan Singer, or because it stars Hugh Jackman, or because it is a Thriller?
I like Action movies like The Chronicles of Narnia. Have you seen them?
Hugh Jackman stars in the second one. Anything else I can assist you with?
I did not know that. Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Sure, Gone Girl was written by Gillian Flynn, who also wrote What Do You Do
Yes, Gillian wrote "Harp Objects" and "The Dark Knight". Would you like to know more about those?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Is that the movie written by Yann Martel and starring Shailene Woodley?
It was written by William Shakespeare and starring Scarlett Johansson. It was released in 2002.
It's considered a Mystery. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it was written by Richelle Mead. It is a Thriller/Drama book.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on any books written by Gladwell.
I'm not sure if Stephen Gladwell did have a podcast, but he did have a series.
You're welcome.
Sure! Doug Liman directed Fair Game and The Bourne Identity. Have you seen either of those?
Fair Game is a drama
The Golden Compass is a great action film
Fair Game starred Jim Carrey
Yes, he directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest and Amadeus. Have you seen those?
Yes he did and Amadeus was directed by Francis Ford Coppola too.
Sure, I can do that for you
C. S. Lewis also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Adventures.
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is a fantasy book written by the same author as The Silver Chair.
Sure! The Silver Chair was released in 1953. It is a fantasy novel.
You're welcome! Is there anything else I can help with?
He's an excellent cricketer. He plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders. Do you like him?
I don't really know anything about cricket, but I do know he was born in Delhi. Is he your favorite player?
I never heard of him. Is he a good athlete?
I love Adam Levine. I like his work The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
I am not sure about the movie. I do know he starred in the movie Maroon 5 is written by Adam Levine.
I don't know of any movies he has acted in but Adam Levine starred in The Good, the Bad, the Ugly and the Ugly
It's written by James Frey. Do you like his work?
Sure, he wrote The Secret Life of Bees, and The Little Friend. Have you read any of those?
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Michael Crichton is similar to Michael Crichton. He wrote a book called Disclosure that you might like.
Michael Crichton has written a lot of books
it is a crime fiction genre
You are welcome
I think he is one of the best soccer players of all time.
I like Basketball and Football. What about you?
I do too! What sports do you like to watch?
Ken Kesey wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest
I'm not sure if he wrote a book, he also wrote The Truman Show.
Yes, it is a film that was released in 1969.
Of course! Ben Stiller wrote "Wooh" which is an all-star cast.
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
He also wrote The Merchant of Venice and The Aleppo
It's a Historical fiction.
You're welcome.
Yes, G.O.T Tom Brady is a professional footballer who plays as a point guard for Chicago Bulls and the New England Patriots.
I don't have that information, but I know Tom Brady starred in The Devil Wears Prada
Eva Mendes has also starred in the movie A Bug's Life
American Sniper is a war movie. It stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Bradley Cooper. Do you like war films?
Bradley Cooper is in many popular movies. One of my favorites is X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
It's a drama. It's also a comedy.
You're very welcome!
I do! Martin Scorsese wrote The Wedding Belles. Have you seen it?
Yes. It is written by Steven Zaillian, who also wrote The Green Mile.
If you like Step Brothers, you should also like The Rules of Attraction.
If you like comedy movies, you'll like The Fault in Our Stars.
Sure. It also stars Edward Scissorhands. Have you seen this movie?
It is an adventure movie. It also stars Adam Lowes.
You're welcome.
Yes, Toy Story 2 is written by Andrew Niccol and starring Tom Hanks.
Tom Hanks Directed Larry Crowne and Cast Away.
Tom Hanks produced Larry Crowne and it's a Romantic Comedy.
It's a Romantic Comedy. Do you like those genres?
Tom Hanks also produced My Big Fat Greek Wedding and it's a comedy.
You too!
I'm not sure about that but I can tell you that The Phantom Menace is starring Scarlett Johansson.
The Golden Compass starring Neeson is a fantasy movie. Have you seen it?
The Lord of the Rings is produced by Steven Spielberg.
You're very welcome! Enjoy!
I am not a big football fan but I do know they are coached by Mike Pettine.
Wow that's great! That's a great year for football. What team is your favorite team?
I like the Dallas Cowboys, but I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. What is your favorite team?
I am not a baseball fan but I do know they are coached by John Farrell. Do you like baseball?
Yes he is, he is from Monmouth Beach. Have you been there?
I like Verona too! Wayne was born in New Jersey.
I did not see that one, did you know she also starred in The Doors?
John Seelye wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and A Princess of Mars.
Yes he did. He also wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
You're very welcome, I hope you enjoy them
Did you like Divergent because it was written by Diana Gabaldon or because it was a Science Fiction Film?
The Hunger Games is similar. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
Sure. It was written by Chris Columbus, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets. Have you seen it?
It starred Robert Downey Jr. as Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
I think she's ok. Did you know she starred in The Muppets ?
Did you know she was born in Los Angeles, California.
I didn't know she acted in a rap music genre, but I'm not sure if she's done anything in particular.
Yes I do. It was written by Jhumpa Lahiri
Yes I do. Unaccustomed Earth is a science fiction book. Have you read it?
I do like thrillers. Is there anything else you would like to know?
Dr. Seuss wrote The Lorax and The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss. Do either of those interest you?
Theodore is a cartoon movie written by Theodore
I do not have that information
Have you read Witches Abroad or The Golden Compass?
Youre Welcome
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know they are a part of the NFL.
I like the New England Patriots, but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. What about you?
It was written by Kazuo Ishiguro and it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
He also wrote Never let me go. It is in the Science-fiction genre as well.
I am not sure if he has made any movies. Sorry.
Great! I hope you enjoy them!
Sure! Ruben Fleischer starred in The Man in the Iron Mask. Have you seen it?
It was released in 2002
It is a crime drama
You are welcome
I do. The book Luftslottet som sprängdes was written by Stieg Larsson and Reg Keeland.
Stieg Larsson also wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes, have you read that one?
Yes, I can. He wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes, have you read it?
Sure, he directed Yojimbo and Ran. Have you seen either of those?
Yojimbo stars Yojimbo, Takashi Shimura and Takashi Shimura.
Yes, I would recommend Toy Story and The Manchurian Candidate.
You're very welcome!
The Good, the Bad, the Weird is a great one similar to Oldboy.
Confessions starred Michael Fassbender. Michael Fassbender acted in this movie. what else can i answer for you?
I can tell you that The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is a comedy film. what else can i do for you?
you're welcome
I'm not a big football fan but I think they're doing okay in the AFC East.
I like the New England Patriots. I'm a big football fan.
Washington is a great place. Have you been there?
Michael Jackson starred in Dirty Movie and Dirty Movie. Do you like his work?
Yes, I have seen it. It starred Scarlett Johansson, Robert Downey Jr., and Michael Jackson.
Yes, he was also starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen that one?
Scream is a horror film. Do you like Horror films?
Max Brooks wrote World War Z, have you seen that one?
Brad Pitt also starred in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade
I do! They're a pretty good baseball team. They've won a World Series since they were runner ups.
I don't know too much about Baltimore Orioles, but I think they are coached by John Farrell.
I'm not sure. They've had a lot of good players on the team. I think they've had a good season.
Sure, he directed Slither. Have you seen it?
Sure, it is a thriller starring Tom Everett Scott and Kevin Spacey. Do you like either of those actors?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes he wrote X-Men 2 a sci fi movie.
Yes! Hugh Jackman starred in The X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
That is correct! Stephen Sommers also wrote Van Helsing. It's a thriller.
Sure! Douglas Adams was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. He also wrote The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Souls.
I do not have the year it was released, sorry
Sorry, I don't have anymore information on that book, can I help you with anything else?
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, The Godfather Part II starred Marlon Brando and was written by Francis Ford Coppola.
Francis Ford Coppola wrote Apocalypto so the two might be similar.
Marlon Brando also starred in The Godfather Part II. Have you seen that one?
Marlon Brando also starred in The Godfather Part II. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he also wrote Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that one?
That's a great choice! You should watch The Godfather II. It stars Marlon Brando too.
I'm not really a Packers fan, but I do know they are coached by Mike McCarthy.
I didn't know that! What position does he play for?
I'm not a huge fan of Pittsburgh, but I think he is from Pittsburgh too. He's a great place. Have you been there?
I'm not a big football fan. I'm a Bears fan and Bears fan aren't doing too well this year. What do you think?
I do as well! Are you a fan of Bears?
I like tennis too. What college team do you like?
Yes, it stars Zooey Deschanel and Joseph Gordon- Levitt.
Yes, Pruitt Vince also starred in Beautiful Creatures and Beautiful Darkness.
You Again was a Lie. It is written by George R.R. Martin and stars Tom Cruise and Emily Blunt.
No I don't have any other books written by Jhumpa Lahiri
I would recommend The Chronicles of Narnia if you haven't read it.
Xenocide is written by Orson Scott Card and has genre Speculative fiction.
Certainly, I hope you enjoy it
Thomas F. Wilson starred in Zoom, Zombieland, and Transformers. Have you seen any of those?
Thomas F. Wilson also starred in Zoom. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
I do, he starred in The Christmas Blessing and The Tree of Life.
I don't know if he has a record label but I do know he is a Country Pop artist.
I'm not sure where he started. I don't know where he played.
She wrote Pretty Little Liars. She wrote the Winnie-the-Pooh series. Have you heard of those?
Yes, it was a TV series. It was released in 1999.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you The Secret Life of Bees which was written by Sara Shepard. Have you heard of it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I don't know a lot about soccer but I think they are coached by David Platt. Do you like soccer?
I love Tropic Thunder, have you seen it?
That's a good example of basketball. Do you like college football?
I don't know much about the Steelers, but I do know they are a part of the Pittsburgh Steelers.
He's the current current coach for the Pittsburgh Steelers, the Pittsburgh Steelers. He's a great player.
I didn't know that! Isn't Jamis Winston from Tampa?
Yes, Ridley Scott starred in The Skulls along with Sean Penn.
I'm not sure who starred in it but I know it was written by Sean Penn.
I'm sending now. Enjoy!
You're welcome
Laura Esquivel wrote Como agua para chocolate and The Love of Others.
What was the year that came out?
Yes she did. Do you like her work? I recommend it as well
You are welcome
The Memory Keeper's daughter is a novel written by Kim Edwards.
I don't know a similar author, but I can tell you she wrote The Secret Life of Bees which was released in 2005.
You're welcome
William Landay wrote Defending Jacob
It's a thriller. Would you like to watch it?
It's a thriller and it's in the genre Mystery
Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors, do you like her work?
It was released in 2010
You're Welcome
Yes, Romeo and Juliet is written by William Shakespeare. He also wrote The Tempest, The Merchant of Venice, and The Tempest.
What You Will is a fantasy novel written by William Shakespeare. It is about the life of a young girl who meets his inner child and becomes a teacher.
You're very welcome!
Yes, Morten Tyldum directed The Imitation Game and Headhunters
Yes, it stars Rory Kinnear and Benedict Cumberbatch
You're very welcome, enjoy!
Sure! It was written by Khaled Hosseini and released in 2012 and written by the same author. Have you read it?
He also wrote The Kite Runner. Have you heard of it?
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
Isn't he in Whiplash?
I don't know a lot about his books, but I know he has written The Phantom Tollbooth which is a Dramatography.
I am not sure about that, but I know it was released in 1963 and is about a documentary film.
You're very welcome!
You're very welcome.
She starred in The Situation and The Ice Harvest. Have you seen them?
The Situation is a dramatic thriller that was released in 1999.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
He starred in Friends With Benefits, a comedy.
Its a comedy-drama
Did you know that Mila Kunis also starred in Frankenweenie a science fiction film
Yes, it was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
It's considered a Sci-Fi/Horror.
To Kill A Mockingbird is a fiction book written by Harper Lee. Do you like books in this genre?
The Two is written by Harper Lee and a drama. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome!
The Last Lecture was written by Randy Pausch and Jeffery Zaslow. Do you like his work?
Yes, he did. Did you know he also starred in The Last Lecture?
Sure, adding them now. Enjoy!
Sure, he directed The Wackness, starring Jane Fonda and Jonathan Levine.
The Wackness is a drama. Do you like drama?
Sure, some of the actors are Vanessa Redgrave and Jack Nicholson starred in the movie. Do you like comedies?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Treasure Island was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Do you like his work?
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror. Have you read those?
I think you'd enjoy the books that he wrote.
I'll add that to your read list.
Sure! Roman Polanski directed The Ghost Writer, which is a thriller. Have you seen it yet?
Definitely! He wrote The Ghost Writer, which is a thriller.
2012
Do you like the genre or do you like books written by Suzanne Collins?
Jack London starred in The Thin Red Line. Have you seen that?
That is correct, I like White Fang too.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I do. Donnie Darko stars Scarlett Johansson, who also starred in The Incredibles.
Seth Rogan has been in such films as The Incredible Hulk and The Road to El Dorado.
James Franco also starred in True Romance and the Boyfriend List.
I'm not sure. Judd Apatow also starred in Freakonomics.
Shadows and Lies was released in 2010. It also stars Edward Norton.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley wrote Frankenstein and The Modern Prometheus. Have you read either of those?
Frankenstein is considered a historical novel. It is also considered a historical novel.
It is written by Percy Bysshe Shelley
You're very welcome!
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It stars Nicolas Cage, Fight Club, and Gwyneth Paltrow.
You're very welcome!
Yes, A.W. Wheen wrote Im Westen nichts Neues.
He wrote Im Westen nichts Neues and Drei Kameraden. Have you read any of these?
You're welcome. Have a good day.
Edward Zwick directed The Siege. Have you seen it?
Yes, you are correct. He also starred in Jurassic Park.
Yes, he also starred in Jurassic Park as well. Have you seen it?
You're right! Snoop Dogg was in The Preacher's WIfe as well.
Yes, he was in Volcano High as well.
You're welcome!
I've heard they're a good baseball team. I've been following them a few times since they've won a World Series.
I'm not a fan of baseball, I prefer to watch baseball more. What about you?
I like baseball too! Who's your favorite team? Dodgers are the Lakers.
Sure! He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
It was released in 1999
I do not have that information at my finger tips but I can tell you that Stephen J. Dubner is the author of Freakonomics.
Absolutely, I am happy to help.
He wrote The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly. Have you read any of these?
Yes he did. Eli Wallach also starred in The Good the Bad and the Ugly.
He also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
He also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
The Good, the Bad, the Weird is a great action film.
You're very welcome!
Yes, he wrote Timequake and Welcome to the Monkey House.
I don't know any other books by Kurt Vonnegut Jr, but he also wrote Welcome to the Monkey House, have you heard of this one?
The Sirens Titan is speculative fiction that you might like.
Do you like the movie because he's in it or because he's been in?
Million Dollar Baby stars Hilary Swank and Clint Eastwood. Do you like those actors?
Yes, it did. Morgan Freeman also starred in The Civil War. That's a drama.
Djimon Hounsou starred in Unlawful Entry and The Vatican Tapes
I'm not sure when it came out, but it also came out in 1994.
I do not have that information at my finger tips but I can tell you it also stars Jennifer Lawrence.
Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier. Have you seen it?
Underdog is a Drama/Fantasy film written and directed by Steven Spielberg and released in 1994. It is about a boy born in Bohemia.
He has starred in The Mask, The Mask, and The Giver.
I agree! Didn't they win Super Bowl XLVIII?
No I didn't. I'm actually more of a football fan myself.
I've never been to a football game, but I've been a huge fan myself.
I like the Patriots, too! I've been a huge fan of the Green Bay Packers!
Ara Celi has starred in American Beauty. Have you seen it?
American Beauty also starred Renee Zellweger and Morgan Freeman.
Yes, it is actually considered a historical period drama as well.
Did you like the Incredible Hulk because it was written by Stan Lee, or because it stars William Hurt and Ty Burrell?
The Incredible Hulk also stars William Hurt and Ty Burrell. Have you seen these?
It was released in 2010. It also starred Robert Downey Jr..
You're very welcome! Enjoy!
Do you like Die Hard because it's a thriller or because it's a thriller?
I recommend Die Hard a Thriller if you like action genre
Did you like the movie because it was a War movie or because it was a War movie?
Brad Pitt also starred in The Manchurian Candidate and Insomnia
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he starred in The Truman Show, The Secret Life of Bees, and The Truman Show. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, she is the girl from the Rings in We Don't Live Here Anymore. Have you seen that one?
Naomi Watts has also starred in The Wedding Planner and the movie The Butterfly Effect. Have you seen those?
Yes, X-Men Origins: Wolverine stars Hugh Jackman, Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman.
He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine and X-Men: Apocalypse. Have you seen those?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that one. But Ryan Reynolds starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Shark Night and X-Men: Apocalypse.
You're very welcome, Enjoy!
He directed The Transporter and The Transporter. Have you seen them?
Transporter stars Jason Statham and Liam Neeson. Do you like Jason Statham?
I don't know anything else he has directed, but Francois Berleand also starred in The Incredible Hulk and The Transporter.
Good Will Hunting is written by Matt Damon. Do you like movies starring Matt Damon?
Ben Affleck is the star of the movie. Ben Affleck also starred in The Road to El Dorado.
Yes, it was written by Ben Affleck.
The Town is a horror movie. It's a very good movie, if you like horror movies.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he wrote a book called Pretties. Have you read it?
It was released in 1856. It is a speculative fiction novel.
It was released in 1856.
It's genre is Speculative fiction.
Sure. I can recommend Zoe's Tale, Xenocide, Xenocide and The House of the Seven Gables. Have you read any of these?
You're welcome!
Tom Cruise starred in Collateral. Do you like movies starring Tom Cruise?
Sure, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick, and he also directed Blade Runner.
Tom Cruise also starred in Days of Thunder, have you seen that one?
Auto Racing was released in 2010. It's a great movie.
You're very welcome!
Bruce Willis also starred in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen it?
Bruce Willis starred in Hudson Hawk which is a action film. Have you seen it?
Have you seen Hudson Hawk? It's a great action movie.
ok
I do! I like his song New Perspective. What's your favorite song of his?
Did you know he is also a musician?
I don't know too much about him but I do know he does do a lot of music
Sure! Leonard Nimoy starred in The Halloween Tree and The Halloween Tree. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, Star Trek III starring Leonard Nimoy
I do! It was written by Hilda Rosner and Hermann Hesse. It is a speculative fiction novel.
She also wrote The Scarlet Letter and The Ground Beneath Her Feet. Have you read either of these?
That was released in 1922.
You're welcome.
I do! Reginald VelJohnson starred in You Again, Wolfen, and Turner and Hooch. Have you seen any of those?
Jamie Lee Curtis starred in You Again, have you seen it?
Great, I think you will enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote Life of Pi and Beatrice and Virgil.
I'm more into Adventure movies. Is that the genre you are looking for?
Yes, it was also written by Yann Martel.
It was, have you seen it?
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Do you like his work?
No I don't have that information, is there anything else you would like to know?
You are welcome , you have a great day !
Vladimir Nabokov wrote Pnin and Pale Fire, have you read these?
I don't know much about him other than he plays basketball. Do you like him?
He is a basketball player and plays point guard.
I do, did you know Curry is a point guard?
Frank McCourt wrote Teacher Man. Have you read this book?
Do you like the author Frank McCourt?
you're welcome
I think it is a great book that was written by Jodi Picoult.
Thomas Harris also wrote The Silence of the Lambs. Have you read it?
It was published in 2004. It is also a thriller.
You're very welcome
I think they're a great soccer team, but I haven't heard much about them. Is that a soccer team?
Real Madrid C.F is a soccer team coached by Fernando Hierro.
Real Madrid is coached by Fernando Hierro
Jack London wrote To The Lighthouse and The Waves. Have you read either of those?
I'm not sure if it's fiction but if you like fiction you might like The Looking Glass Wars and The Golden Compass.
Million Dollar Baby stars Hilary Swank and Clint Eastwood. Do you like Hilary Swank?
I did not know that. Did you see Million Dollar Baby? It's a drama.
I think you'd enjoy it. Did you see it? It's a drama.
Did you see the movie Undisputed with Peter Jason? It's a drama.
Great, I think you'll enjoy it.
Do you like comedies because it's a comedy?
It was released in 2009
Yes. J.K. Rowling starred in The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. Have you seen it?
She wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard. Have you read it?
I definitely agree. J.K. Rowling also wrote The Casual Vacancy. Have you read that one yet?
I actually don't know any books written by J.K. Rowling but there are so many great books that I would recommend are; The Hunger Games, The Giver, and The Golden Compass.
The Hunger Games is a science fiction novel written by Jane Austen. It's part of the Harry Potter series.
You're welcome!
Yes! Andrew Adamson starred in both The Nutty Professor and The Poker House. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, Shrek 2 was written by Andrew Adamson and he also wrote Monster's Inc.
I'm not a fan of the Mets, but I do know that Tom Wilkinson owns the New York Mets.
I haven't been to several, but I've heard that it's a great place to visit. I've been there a few times.
I don't know too much about Minutemaid and the crowd is drowned by LaGirls!
Thomas Lennon starred in The Yellow Submarine. what else can i do for you today?
Yes, it is a television series starring Thomas Lennon. It was released in 1999.
I'm not a huge fan, but I do like the song Tiny Beautiful Things.
I love Manchester United F.C. Is there anything else I can help with?
Agreed! Anything else I can help you with?
King Kong stars Tom Hanks and Liam Neeson. Do you like action films?
Yes. Thomas Kretschmann starred in King Kong and he also directed The Matrix Revolutions.
I am not sure
I don't know a lot about them, but I think they are a pretty good team. Do you like them?
I've been a fan since they were runner-ups in Super Bowl XLVIII.
Jerry Richardson is a great player as well. He used to play for the Broncos.
Then I would definitely recommend that you watch it. It's drama.
You're very welcome!
I don't know a lot about them, but I do know they are owned by Fred Wilpon and owned by Fred Wilpon.
I've never heard of MBA. Are they a good team?
I don't like sports movies, but I do like Fantasy movies. How about you?
Isn't he a point guard for the Chicago Bulls?
Isn't he a good athlete?
I have not, but I heard he's a good athlete
It's a great movie starring Men in Black. It was written by John Lee Hancock.
You might like The Hunger Games, it is really good and it was written by James Cameron.
I am not sure about it, but it was directed by Peter Hyams and starring Men in Black.
You're very welcome!
Batman Begins is written by Steve Kloves. Would you be interested in other films starring him?
I'm not sure if it does have a sequel, but it is directed by Christopher Nolan and a Thriller
You're welcome!
He wrote The Mad Ship and The Golden Fool.
I don't have that information, but The Golden Fool is a fantasy novel that was released in 1972.
Sure, he wrote Welcome to the Monkey House and Timequake. Have you heard of them?
It's speculative fiction genre
You can try Zoe's Tale, Xenocide, Wolf Brothers
Sure! American History X was written by Tony Gilroy and starring Scarlett Johansson. Do you like Thriller movies?
Lake of Fire stars Tony Kaye and Al Pacino
Lake of Fire stars Robert Capron and Kaya Scodelario
Absolutely!
E.V. Rieu wrote .
is written by E.V. Rieu. Is there anything I can help you with?
He also wrote The Martian Chronicles and The Shelters of Stone
Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
Wild: From Lost to Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail has genre Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, If You Give a Mouse a Cookie is written by Felicia Bond and was released in 1985.
No. James Patterson is the same author as If You Give a Mouse to the Movies.
You're very welcome!
I'm not sure if it's similar but Eyes Wide Shut is considered crime fiction. Do you like that genre?
I would recommend X-Men 2 or World War Z. They're both psychological thrillers.
I don't have when it's Cold, but it's directed by Stanley Weiser.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Charles Duhigg wrote The Power of Habit. have you read this one yet?
Charles Duhigg also wrote The Power of Habit
Absolutely, I am sure you have a good read.
Did you like The Godfather because it starred Marlon Brando or because it was a drama?
Did you know they were the runner-up in the 2008 NBA Finals?
I'm not sure, but he did win the NBA All-Rookie Team.
The Chicago Bulls are a great team owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I am not sure, but I can tell you that Thomas Lennon plays for the Chicago Bulls
I am not sure about that but I do know Jerry Reindsdorf is also in Chicago
You are welcome
Dear John is written by Nicholas Sparks and is a Speculative fiction book. Do you like those genres?
Yes, it was written by Nicholas Linden and is considered a Thriller. If you like that one, you should check out True Believer. It was also a movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Crescendo is a drama starring Tom Cruise. Do you like the actors or genre?
Did you like it because it was written by Jane Austen or because it was a romance novel?
Sense and Sensibility is another one by Jane Austen. She also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
It is a romance novel that was made into a film.
You're welcome!
I love Linkin Park, I like some of their music. They're a great band. They're a great band. Do you like their music?
I like Warner Bros. Records have some hip hop music in them. Do you like hip hop music?
Sure, do you like science fiction movies or do you like science fiction movies?
It was released in 2006 and is a Thriller/Fantasy genre.
Yes, Ellen DeGeneres does star in it as well as produced and directed by Andrew Stanton.
You're welcome!
Phil LaMarr starred in Zathura: A Space Adventure. Have you seen it?
Yes, that is correct. Do you like movies starring Jennifer Hale?
I have a lot of good family movies. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome
Yes, Yuvraj Singh starred in Jumbo
Yes, he was. He was also a former world No. 1 in singles.
Yes and it was written by Simon Beaufoy.
Yes he is a point guard and a Point guard. Do you like basketball?
Yes he does. Paul Allen owns the Portland Trailblazers.
I'm not sure if he owns Seattle Seahawks, but he owns the Boston Red Sox
Yes, it was written by Charles Dickens and starring Tom Hanks.
Yes, it is a drama, do you like drama?
Jesus of Nazareth was released in 2005 and also starred Al Pacino. Do you like Al Pacino?
I like her song Whenever, Wherever. Is she the one that sings?
I don't know a lot about her, but I think I saw her on The Voice. Did you know she was born in Houston?
She is a very talented singer, did you know she was born in Houston?
They're a pretty good team, I think they're one of the best teams in the AFC West Conference.
I've seen a few Cowboys games. I like the Bears. They've been a long time since they've been so successful.
I think I've been a fan since they were the runner ups in Super Bowl XXXII.
Isn't he a good basketball player?
I'm not sure. I do know he's a point guard.
Yes he does, he also does.
Hayley Atwell starred in The Pillars of the Earth and The Pillars of the Earth. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, I would recommend The Gift and The Pillars of the Earth.
I would suggest The Pillars of the Earth and The Pillars of the Earth.
You are welcome.
Yes, that is a great movie. It was written by Jerry Bruckheimer.
She was also in X-Men 2. Have you seen that one?
I don't know too much about football but I do know that they are coached by Lovie Smith.
I do! I think Lovie Smith is a great coach.
I don't really know a lot about football but I do enjoy watching the Seahawks games.
Would you be interested in other books written by J.K. Rowling?
I would recommend Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. It's also in the fantasy genre as well.
Did you know she also starred in The Casual Vacancy?
Great! Anything else I can help you with?
Woody Allen starred in To Rome with Love. To Rome with Love is starring Robin Williams. what else can i do for you?
To Rome With Love stars Cicely Tyson and Morgan Freeman to name just a couple.
You're welcome, I think you'll enjoy it.
Spirited Away is a drama. Do you like dramas?
I have The Hangover as well as Scream of the Banshee.
I would recommend World War Z if you haven't seen it.
You're welcome!
Jeffrey Eugenides wrote The Virgin Suicides and The Picture of Dorian Gray. Have you read either of those?
The Virgin Suicides has genre Speculative Fiction. It's about a novel that was released in 1993.
The Virgin Suicides was released in 1993. It is a fiction book.
You're welcome
Sure! Do you like it because it's comedy?
Seth Rogen starred in The Fault in Our Stars and The Handmaid's Tale.
Yes that is correct, Mindy Kaling also starred in Knocked Up too.
You're very welcome!
He wrote The Virgin Suicides and The Virgin Suicides. Have you read either of those?
Yes, Miranda Richardson starred in Gideon's Daughter. She also starred in The Polar Express which is a Historical period drama.
I don't know, but I believe it is a Fantasy.
Absolutely, I can send it right now.
Yes, I do. I love her song Till the World Ends. Have you heard of it?
Yes, I like What's Your Number and Whatcha Say
I haven't seen any of them yet, I like it too. Did you know he is from Hawaii?
Inception is directed by Christopher Nolan. He also directed The Dark Knight.
Yes, Christopher Nolan also directed The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
The Prestige is produced by Christopher Nolan. Christopher Nolan also directed The Prestige.
The Prestige is a Drama and The Dark Knight Rises is a drama film. Have you seen it?
Waterworld has genre Thriller and Sci-Fi.
You're welcome.
He plays soccer for FC Barcelona and he is a midfielder.
Isn't Dani Alves from Paris Saint-Germain?
I don't know too much about them, I'm a Bears fan. They're a great team.
I don't follow football too closely, I think the Bears are doing a great job. They're having a good season.
Did you know they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLVII?
Sure! Do you like the book because it is written by Charles Dickens or because it is a fantasy?
It was originally published in 1853 the same year that the Bleak House was released. Have you read that book?
That's a great book. He also wrote A Tale of Two Cities, which was released in 1843.
It was written in 1838. It is a book about the history of social criticism.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Glad to be of help
Kierra Cass is an author. Some of her works include The Siren, The Queen, and The Prince.
Sure, she also wrote The Siren. It was released in 2011.
It's a young-adult fiction novel by Kierra Cass. It's part of the series The Siren.
You're very welcome!
Do you like because Tom Cruise is in it or because it is a Action/ Adventure movie?
Yes, it is an action packed movie.
You might like The Last Samurai. It is a drama.
You're very welcome!
Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell. Do you like George Orwell's work?
Animal Farm was written by George Orwell. It was released in 1949. Do you like books by George Orwell?
You're very welcome!
Gabriel Garcia Marquez wrote Relato de un náufrago, Memoria de mis putas tristes.
Ralph Steadman wrote The Subtle Knife and The Fountains of Paradise
I'm not sure who wrote it, but Ralph Steadman is known for his illustrations.
I haven't read any books similar to this one, but I do know that it was released in 1988.
You're very welcome!
Adam Brown starred in the Hobbit series. Do you like fantasy genre films?
I don't know when it was released, but I do know it was written by Andrew Smith.
You're welcome!
Bradley Cooper starred in The Words and The Words. Have you seen either of those?
Sure! The Woods is a comedy-drama film that was released in 1999.
It is a science fiction/fantasy book written and directed by Roland Emmerich.
Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien? He wrote The Lord of the Rings.
Think and Back Again has genre Speculative fiction. what else can i do for you?
yes he was. what else can i do for you today?
you are welcome
Edgar Allan Poe wrote The Tell-Tale Heart, The Raven, and Other Poems. Do any of those interest you?
Raven was released in 1993
You're welcome
I know that he plays for FC Barcelona, but I don't know much about him.
I don't know much about soccer but I do know that on Flubber is a Barcelona player
I'm not sure where he plays. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Aladdin is a Thriller. Do you like the genre or the actors?
That was a great movie. Aladdin also starred in The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
Certainly. It was written by Jeffery DeMunn
Neil Jordan directed The Good Thief and The End of the Affair. Have you seen them?
I am not sure, but Neil Jordan also directed The Scarlett Johansson which also starred Ralph Fiennes
Yes, he did. Neil Jordan also directed The End of the Affair as well.
You're very welcome!
Quentin Tarantino directed Pulp Fiction and Grindhouse. Have you seen either of those?
Yes he was in that movie as well. Do you like crime movies?
He was also in the movie Grindhouse. Have you seen it?
You're welcome
Downfalls in the genre of War. Do you like War films?
Sorry I don't have that information at hand but it is written by Jodi Picoult
Xander Berkeley starred in the Baader Meinhof Complex.
You are welcome
Isn't he a songwriter from Miami?
Didn't Nicki Minaj play a lot of instruments like it? I like dance pop.
I haven't heard that one yet. Is it a recent release?
Yes, it written by Cassandra Clare and released 2014. It was released in 2014 and is a novel. Have you read it?
She also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex. Have you read it?
Yes, The Mortal Instruments is a series
You're welcome
It was written by David Sedaris and is a Speculative fiction book. Do you like fiction?
I like it too! Its funny because it's a comedy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Fred Willard starred in X-Men Apocalypse. Have you seen that movie?
Youth in Revolt is a science fiction film
You are welcome.
Have a great day
Enjoy the movie.
Blood Diamond stars Charlize Theron. Do you like the movie Blood Diamond because it is a drama?
Did you mean the movie starring Robert Duvall?
The Lord of War was released in 2002
CCH Pounder starred in Crypt. It's a drama. Do you like drama?
I don't know, but I do know he also starred in The Brothers Grimm.
Yes and also Kevin Zegers starred in The Mask
Yes, that movie stars Meryl Streep and Anne Hathaway.
She was also in The Devil's Advocate and Anne Hathaway.
Yes she was, she also starred in The Iron Lady.
You're very welcome! Enjoy!
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was released in 2001.
You may be interested in Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. It was released in 1997.
Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger.
Okay, if you like Fiction you'll like The Witch of Blackbird Pond and The Giver. Have you read those?
You're very welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Dan Gilroy wrote Angels & Demons, which is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
The Last Man, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Devil's Advocate are some of the other movies he directed.
The Bourne Identity, The Bourne Identity, and The Bourne Legacy are all action movies. Do you like those genres?
I do! Hayao Miyazaki directed The Princess Diaries. Have you seen it?
Ponyo is an adventure film, Hayao Miyazaki also directed Ponyo, have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but Hayao Miyazaki also directed Ponyo, have you seen it?
Yes, it is an anime film, starring Yuria Nara, have you seen it?
Paul Thomas Anderson starred in Water for Elephants and The Stand. Have you seen them?
I am not sure who stars in it, but I do know it was written by Paul Thomas Anderson.
You're welcome.
Sure. Paula Hawkins wrote The Grand Budapest Hotel, The Grand Budapest Hotel
Sure, The Girl on the Train is a psychological thriller novel written by Paula Hawkins, have you read it or seen the movie?
You are welcome, enjoy!
No problem, enjoy!
Sure, have you read The Manchurian Candidate or The Manchurian Candidate?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I haven't read it personally but I know it is a mystery/fantasy. Is that your interest?
You got it. Vacation Vacation is a great book. Have you read it?
Yes it is! Its one of James Patterson's most famous works.
You're welcome!
Vladimir Naokov wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. Do you like his work?
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror
Yes he did
I do not have information about that one
youre welcome
Memoirs of a Geisha was written by Arthur Golden. Its a drama film.
They have written a book called Memoirs of a Geisha
He wrote Memoirs of a Geisha, have you read it?
You're Welcome
Wladimir Klitschko starred in Ocean's Eleven.
Yes! It was written by Kevin Williamson. Kevin Williamson also wrote Monster's Inc, which is a horror film.
I'm not sure if they're in it, but if you like her in Shark Night, she's definitely a Slasher.
What is your favorite sitcoms?
Green Eggs and Ham was written by Dr. Seuss. Dr. Seuss also wrote The Cat in the Hat.
The Cat in the Hat is another one written by Dr. Seuss. Would you like to know more?
Yes, the original one was released in 1958. Would you like to know more about this one?
It's a fun children's movie. It was released in 2013 and a science fiction film.
He's been in a lot of movies like Freddy vs Jason, World War Z, and Monsters Inc.
Yes, she was in that movie as well.
You're welcome!
Yes E.B. White wrote Stuart Little and Charlotte's Web
Sure. Safe Haven was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Nicholas Sparks movies?
Liam Neeson stars in Cheaper by the Dozen. Do you like Drama movies?
I don't have that information, sorry.
Sure, it is a movie with 12 Stupids.
Sure, enjoy the movie
Sure, I can tell you that Tom Cruise starred in Terminator. It is a sci-fi thriller.
Yes, that is correct and Brian Thompson also starred in The Women of Brewster Place.
I don't know much about Oprah Winfrey but I do know he starred in The Women of Brewster Place.
Yes, I can. Robin Givens was also in The Women of Brewster Place too.
Natascha McElhone starred in The Truman Show and The Secret Life of Bees. Have you seen them?
The Truman Show was released in 1999. It also stars Tom Hanks.
Deception Point is written by Dan Brown. It was released in 1999. It's considered a thriller.
It is speculative fiction
Maurice Sendak wrote Where the Wild Things Are, The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss, and The Pillars of the Earth. Have you read any of these?
Little Bear has genre Historical period drama, have you read it?
Great! I think you will enjoy this series. Have a great day.
You're very welcome!
I'll do, I'll play it for you now!
He directed The Terminator and The Order of the Phoenix. Have you seen those?
Inland Empire is a thriller
Idiocracy stars Robin Wright and Rosario Dawson. Do you like his acting?
It was released in 2001. It is a great movie.
Certainly, I hope you enjoy it.
You're very welcome.
Gone with the Wind is written by Margaret Mitchell. Is this what you would like to know about it?
Yes, Gone with the Wind is a drama. Do you like dramas?
I'm not sure about that, but it was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald.
You're welcome
Ellen starred in The Stone Angel and The Wicker Man. Have you seen either of those?
Isn't he a tennis player?
I do agree! I like Serena too. I think she's won a lot of trophies.
I didn't know that. I think Garfinkel is the owner of the Miami Dolphins, did you know that?
To Kill a Mockingbird is written by Harper Lee who also wrote Go Set a Watchman.
Sure, have you seen To Kill a Mockingbird and The Manchurian Candidate?
You're welcome!
I love her music. My favorite is What About You. Have you heard of it?
I do, I like her music. I like Dancer, Dancer, Dancer, Dancer, and Dancer. What about you?
I didn't know she is married to Kelly Hart. She starred in The Scarlett. Do you like her?
Peter Gallagher starred in The Nanny Diaries. Have you seen it?
Yes it is. Do you like Sandra Bullock because she is in it?
I don't have any more romantic movies with Peter Gallagher. What type of movies do you like?
You're welcome.
Martin Gardner wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you seen that one?
I am not sure if it is a fantasy
He wrote The Portable Atheist and Alice Adventures in Wonderland. Have you read either of those?
You're welcome
I do! He's a midfielder on the Colombia national football team.
He played on the Colombia national football team. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about soccer, do you like any other sports?
I am not a huge tennis fan so I do not know much about her other than she is Serena Williams. Do you like her?
I didn't know that. Brett Ratner also starred in True Romance. Have you seen that?
I loved her in Shark Night. That was a thriller too.
The Glass Castle is written by Jeannette Wells. She also wrote Half Broke Horses: A True Life Novel. Have you read it?
Greg Mortensen wrote it. He also wrote Three Cups of Tea.
Alice Sebold wrote The Lovely Bones and The Illustrated Man. Have you read any of these?
It is a crime fiction novel.
Certainly. It has genre Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes it was written by Jack London.
You're very welcome
I think she's a great tennis player. Did you know she was born in Mumbai?
I think she plays Tennis, did you know she was born in Mumbai?
Hantuchucha lost to Rafael Nadal, did you know that?
Yes he was. Usain Bolt was the current running running coach, John Lennon, is the current coach.
Thor: The Dark World stars Chris Hemsworth. Do you like his movies?
The Golden Compass starring Christopher Lee is another fantasy movie. Have you seen it?
I don't have any information on that movie, but I can recommend other adventure movies like The Golden Compass if you like.
I'm sure you will enjoy it!
I do! It was released in 2014 starring Melissa Benoist and J.K. Simmons. Have you seen it?
Yes Wade Williams also starred in Troy Garity
Yes he did and he also starred in Troy, have you seen it?
Breakfast of Champions is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr... Do you like Kurt Vonnegut Jr?
That's a good one. It's considered a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I think you'd enjoy Doomsday Book. Have you heard of it?
Mark Waters wrote a lot of movies. Would you like to know more about his movies?
John Sayles did. Did you know he also wrote The Thorn Birds?
It's considered a historical drama.
I like Phil Mickelson, he won the 2010 PGA Masters Tournament, he also starred in Tin Cup.
I don't know too much about Phil but I think he was a part of the 2010 Masters Tournament.
I have never seen it, is it good?
Truman Capote wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's, have you read it?
Yes, he did. Mickey Rooney also starred in Breakfast at Tiffany's. He also starred in Truman Capote.
I can't remember if he acted in any movies, but he did star in The Truman Show. That's a romantic comedy.
He wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement, and Who Moved My Cheese?
It's a self help book.
That is correct. Spencer Johnson also wrote Who Moved My Cheese, which is a self help book.
Sam Taylor-Johnson starred in Nowhere Boy and Fifty Shades of Grey.
Nowhere Boy starred Fifty Shades of Grey. It's also a drama.
Nowhere Boy is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Do you like the author John Las Vegas or do you like the genre of this book?
Yes he did and it's a thriller, similar to Zero Dark Thirty. Have you seen those?
I'm not sure about it, but it's considered a Political Thriller.
I do! Tracy Chevalier wrote The Virgin Blue, The Last Runaway, and The Lady and the Unicorns. Have you read any of these?
The Last Runaway is considered Young-adult fiction and was released in 1997. Have you read any of these?
I would recommend Girl With a Pearl Earring, it was produced by Tracy Chevalier. It's a great movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Frank Darabont starred in The Mist. Have you seen it?
If you have not, you should try The Mist. It is written by Jeffrey Eugenides.
Great, would you like to watch National Lampoon Presents?
Great, i recommend Annie Hall if you like Woody Allen.
Yes, Dan Gilroy wrote Angels & Demons and he wrote The Da Vinci Code.
Evan Gilroy also directed Bourne Legacy
Romance Genre
Shark Night is another action thriller
have you watch any action movies
you are welcome
Where the Sidewalk Ends is considered poetry. Do you like that genre?
Shel Silverstein also wrote Where the Sidewalk Ends and The Giving Tree. Have you read those?
I'm sorry I don't have any information on any similar authors, but I can recommend some books similar to him if you like
You're very welcome
Isn't he a country singer?
I don't know any songs by her, but I do like Taylor Swift! She starred in Valentine's Day, The Lorax, and Valentine's Day.
Yes, I do!
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit
It's a historical novel that was released in 1999.
You're very welcome!
Oliver Stone directed The Doors and The Doors.
The Doors stars Steve Buscemi, Liam Neeson, and Liam Neeson.
Yes, The Doors is a musical comedy. Do you like musicals?
You're welcome, I'm happy to help!
He's a great actor. He starred in The Wise Man's Fear and The Name of the Wind. Have you seen them?
You should check out The Name of the Wind. It was written by Patrick Rothfuss.
You're very welcome
Would you like recommendations for movies similar to Divergent?
You might like The Hunger Games, it is also Young-adult fiction. Have you read it?
Isn't he a player on the Manchester United F.C?
He is a soccer player
I don't know much about Thiago Silva, do you know who he is
I don't really know much about them except they were the runner-up team in Super Bowl XLI.
Not really, I'm more of a Pittsburgh Steelers fan. How about you?
Did you know the Patriots won the Superbowl XIXVIII?
Sure! Are you looking for a specific genre, or do you like the actors in it?
She also stars in a movie called White Oleander which is a romantic comedy.
I would recommend xXx: State of the Union and Zodiac.
I don't know any movies in that genre, but I do have a couple that she has starred in such as The Hunger Games and The Giver.
Some other great comedies include X-Men Apocalypse and Slapstick.
You are welcome.
E.H. Gormbrich wrote The Road to El Dorado. It's a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Suresh Rainia is an athlete on the India national cricket team.
I am not a fan, but I do know that Raina is from India.
I don't know, but I do know he plays for the Royal Challengers.
Scott Westerfeld wrote Uglies and Touching Darkness.
It is a science fiction book that was released in 2014
Yes, I would recommend Wizard's First Rule also, it is a great read.
You're very welcome!
I don't know much about him other than he plays for FC Barcelona. Are you a fan?
I think I remember that he played for FC Barcelona, right?
Yes, he did. Louis van Gaal also coached the Manchester United F.C. soccer team.
I heard Louis van Gaal coaches the Netherlands national football team. Is that your favorite team?
Joseph Heller wrote The Manchurian Candidate. anything else i can do for you?
He was also a film producer and a director. He directed The Dark Knight, if you haven't seen it.
Sure. Fifty Shades Freed was written by E.L. James and the next book is The Gathering Storm.
Yes, I have you read The Third Generation and The Giver. Have you read those?
Bared to You is written by E.L. James.
Bared to You was released in 2008
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, he wrote The Castle as well as Amerika.
It's considered a Tragicomedy.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
It was written by Laura Hillenbrand and it was released in 2010. Do you like this book because of the author or because it is a war film?
Laura Hillenbrand also wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption.
You're very welcome!
James Robinson is a great actor. He starred in The Man in the Iron Mask and The Man in the Iron Mask.
Yes, it was written by John Grisham.
Yes he did and he also directed Braveheart
I see he wrote The Golden Compass starring James Robinson
Great. I think you will enjoy it.
Martin Gardener wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer, The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer
The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-Believer was released in 2008.
I don't have much information on Wreck This Journal, but I do know it was written by John Green.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Washington Redskins suckskins sucks. i love the Redskins. do you think they are a great team?
That's right, they were the runner-ups in Super Bowl XLVIII.
I don't think so, he is still playing for the Broncos.
Sure. It was written by Steven Zaillian and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is a Biographical Drama - it is also a great book
I'm not sure who wrote Snow Crash but it is written by Edith Wharton
Tropic Thunder was directed by Ben Stiller who also directed Tropic Thunder. Ben Stiller also directed Tropic Thunder.
I do not have that information at all, but I can tell you The Cable guy is starring Ryan Gosling and Johnny Depp.
I recommend you to watch X-Men 2 and X-Men 2
Yes! Diana Gabaldon wrote My Own Heart's Blood. Do you like her work?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, My Own Hearts Blood was released in 1993.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
You're welcome!
He directed Cutthroat Island and The Long Kiss Goodnight. Have you seen them?
Renny Harlin starred in this movie
It was released in 1995
Your Welcome
I'm not really a Bears fan, but I think they are having a good year. Are they having a good year?
I think they did better than they starred in Super Bowl II
The Bears have been having a good season so I would have to agree. The Bears have been having a good season. They have a great game this year.
Sure! Doug Liman directed both Fair Game and The Bourne Identity. Have you seen them?
I'm not sure about that, but John Liam also directed Fair Game. Do you like his movies?
I don't have that information, but John Lee Curtis did the music for Fair Game.
I don't know who starred in Fair Game, but I do know that Tom Hanks starred in it. Do you like his music?
Yes, he also starred in Thor and The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
Dwyane Wade starred in Just Wright didn't he?
I don't know much about him, but I do know that Dwyane Wade starred in Who's That Girl.
I'm not sure if it was. Steve Harvey also directed Monster's Inc.
Yes, I do. Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a Sci-Fi thriller. Do you like those genres?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Gary Oldman also starred in Zombieland.
If you like sci-fi, you might like Zombieland.
You're very welcome.
Yes he directed 300: Rise of an Empire. Have you seen it?
300: Rise of an Empire stars Sullivan Stapleton and Peter Mensah.
I do. It was released in 1999.
I would recommend Tower Heist. It is a fantasy movie as well.
I don't think so, but I do see the movie Eva Green the Origins: War of the Worlds.
I do not know, but I do know she was born in London.
You as well!
I'm not really a fan, but I do enjoy watching the Dodgers games. Are you a Dodgers fan?
I don't know too much about Magic Johnson, I think it was produced by Magic Johnson.
I've never heard of that one, I definitely definitely will love it!
Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde stars Robert Downey Jr and Alfred Hitchcock.
It was released in 2008 and written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Do you like his work?
I don't have any other books written by Robert Louis Stevenson, but I do have a sequel called The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
You're welcome.
Sure! Their Eyes Were Watching God is a fiction novel written by Zora Neale Hurston. Do you like fiction?
I don't know, but it's a great book written by George R.R. Martin.
I don't have any information on other movies she wrote, but she wrote some other ones called The Sword of Shannara.
I don't know a lot about him, but I know he's a football player.
I don't know much about him, but I think he plays the forward position. He's a great player.
I would have to say I'm more of an American Football fan. How about you?
I don't know much about football but I think I'd like to learn more about it. I think he can be a good player.
Patrick Suskind is an author. He wrote Snatch which is a romance novel. Have you heard of it?
Do you like John Steinbeck? He wrote The Pearl of the World.
Tropic of Cancer has genre Historical fiction do you like those genres?
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't know, but I do know that it was written by Anne Tyler. Anne Tyler also wrote The Grapes of Wrath which Anne Tyler also wrote. Anne Tyler is a great author.
I don't know who wrote it but I do know it was released in 2006. I recommend it for you.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you like the Bruges because it is written by Martin McDonagh, or because it is a thriller?
Yes, it does. Tom Waits also starred in it as well.
Sure! She also starred in the movie Tin Cup. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, O Brother, Where Art Thou starred Scarlett Johansson and Robert Downey Jr.
She was also in Thirteen. Have you seen it?
I don't have any information on other movies she's starred in, but I can tell you that Thirteen is a drama/fantasy.
You're welcome!
It was written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010
It is written by Rebecca Wells.
The genre is science fiction
He also wrote The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul
It was written by Henning Koch and released in 2012. Are you interested in those genres?
2012 was the year that released The Som Heter Ove was released. Have you read it?
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller?
The Golden Compass and The Running Man are both action movies. Do you like that genre?
I have The Golden Compass and Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. They are both in the genres.
Interstellar stars Robert Downey Jr. and Emily Blunt
You're welcome
Yes, The Hunger Games: Catching Fire is written by Suzanne Collins. It's a young-adult fiction novel.
He directed American Pie and The Golden Compass. Have you seen either of these?
I don't know who else starred in it, but he did star in American Pie.
She also starred in The Golden Compass. Have you seen it?
You're welcome
Isn't he a tennis player?
I never had a chance to watch a match. Who's your favorite tennis player?
I don't play tennis, but I've heard a lot about it.
She wrote the book Le Petit Prince.
Melina Karakosta did. Le Petit Prince was released in 1946.
I don't have any more information onAntoine de Saint-Exupéry, but I can tell you that he was born in Lyon.
Sure. Do you like X-Men: The Last Stand because it's a Thriller or because it's a Thriller?
The Last Stand has genre X-Men: Apocalypse, have you seen this one?
Logan stars Scarlett Johansson and Chris Hemsworth.
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, he is a great writer. Have you seen his movies like Up?
Yes, Rian Johnson directed Zookeeper. Have you seen that one?
I like drama films, have you seen To Kill a Mockingbird, a drama film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Peter Bart starred in The Godfather and The Godfather Part II. Have you seen either of those?
I do not know, but I can tell you The Godfather is written by Francis Ford Coppola
The Godfather was released in 1994
Green Mile is written by Frank Darabont. He also wrote The Shawshank Redemption and The Shawshank Redemption.
Stephen King wrote The Shawshank Redemption, The Mist, The Shawshank Redemption, The Shawshank Redemption
There is a film adaptation of The Dead Zone. The Dead Zone is directed by Frank Darabont.
You're welcome.
You're welcome!
She wrote one book called The Orphan Train which was released in 2013. Are you interested in that one?
She also wrote A Piece of the World.
Yes they are. They are romance books
I Am Legend starred Will Smith and Emma Thompson. I am Legend is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I'm not sure, but Will Smith also starred in The Pursuit of Happiness. Have you seen that movie?
He also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness which is also a Sci-Fi movie. Have you seen this one yet?
Hot Fuzz is a black comedy starring Jim Carrey. Are you a fan of his work?
Hot Fuzz is an action and adventure film. If you haven't seen it, you should check out Toy Story 2. It is an action and adventure film.
Yes it is. If you like Adventure movies you should watch Adventure films.
Yes, he is a lyricist. I like his song We Found Love.
I like a lot of pop music, do you like any of those genres?
I do, he is a great artist. I like his music a lot
Harper Lee wrote To Kill a Mockingbird. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes it was written by Incredible Journey.
Sure! Les Miserables is a Romantic Comedy starring Anne Hathaway and Anne Hathaway.
I'd recommend The Book of Mormon, it's a musical theater movie.
I don't know any other films he has directed, but Oliver is classified as a comedy-drama.
Yes, I do. It was written by Hirsch Hirsch and stars Tom Hanks. Have you seen it?
No I do not have that information
Yes, I haven't seen this movie
The River Wild also stars Meryl Streep
I'm not a fan of the Denver Broncos. I'm a NY Giants fan.
I don't know too much about 2017 but they were released in 2017 with a court of wings and ruin. Have you been to any of those games?
Cold Mountain is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like it because it is a War film?
Yes, I did. Did you know Renee Zellweger also starred in Shark Tale and Monster's Ball?
Cold Mountain is a Historical period drama. Do you like those genres?
Yes, J.K Simmons is an American professional basketball player who plays as a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics.
He's been in a number of films. He's been in a number of great thrillers including The Warrior's Way, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Rock. Have you seen any of those?
It is starring Scarlett Johansson and Morgan Freeman. Have you seen it?
Public Enemies starred Jim Carrey. Do you like Jim Carrey?
I'm not sure what else he has been in, but James Depp has been in The Rum Diary and The Rum Diary. Have you seen those?
I'm not sure if he has acted in but he was funny in The Rum Diary which was released in 2002. Have you seen it?
Ok, I'll have to check it out, thanks for the recommendation!
The Fugitive stars Selena Gomez and Selena Gomez.
I don't know, but Daniel Roebuck also starred in the movie Fugitive.
You should check out Return of the Jedi as well.
Harrison Ford also stars in Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back, Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi
Yes he was, he was great in The Fugitive as well.
You're very welcome!
J. M. Barrie wrote The Little Prince. Have you read it?
Peter Pan also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. Do you like the same genre?
It's considered children's literature. It was released in 1904.
You're very welcome, I hope you like it!
I think he is a very good athlete
I think he plays for Manchester United F.C.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a great movie! It stars Vin Diesel, Paul Walker and Michelle Rodriguez.
He also starred in The Chronicles of Riddick. Have you seen it?
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Joh Favreau is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich II
Yes it did and Jonathan Silverman also starred in it as well.
Did you like this movie because it starred Tom Hanks?
Yes it did! Kevin Nealon also starred in The Longest Yard too.
Yes and he also starred in The Diary of a Young Girl.
The Gazebo is considered a drama/mystery.
Sure, Seth MacFarlane wrote and directed and starred in it. He directed Freakonomics. Would you like to hear more about it?
Family Guy is starring Brad Pitt, Seth MacFarlane, and many more
Seth MacFarlane starred in True Grit and The Wild Life
Skyfall starred Scarlett Johansson and Nicholas Cage.
Yes, he has also starred in The Longest Yard, The Long Kiss Goodnight, and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Quantum of Solace is produced by Roland Emmerich.
It's considered a Romance and Drama.
I'm not sure about Adventure, but I think it is a drama.
You're very welcome!
I do! It was written by Charlaine Harris and is a Speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
I don't know too much about her, but I heard she has a good voice. She's also a film producer and a film producer.
I don't know any other books by him but I do know if you'd like to try Violets are Blue by James Patterson.
You're welcome!
Yes, David O. Russell directed The Devil Wears Prada. Are you familiar with it?
It is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes he was in it as well.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it was written by John Green. It is a young-adult fiction book. Do you like that genre?
He also wrote The Fault in Our Stars and The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen them?
It came out in 2008. It's considered young adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Max Brooks wrote World War Z, are you interested in that book?
World War Z was released in 2006. Would you like to know more about this book?
Absolutely! Is there anything else I can do to help?
You're welcome!
Yes, he was in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Woman in Gold, and Transformers. What genre are you interested in?
If you like X-Men you should watch it. It also stars Ryan Reynolds.
I think you'll enjoy them.
Yes I do. Rufus Beck wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, have you read it?
Do you like the movies starring Orlando Bloom or Billy Boyd?
Have you seen The Good Doctor or The Good Doctor? They are both fantasy movies.
Yes, it was written by Michael Endear.
Do you like because Tom Cruise is in it or because it is a Action/Adventure movie?
Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder. Have you seen that one?
You're very welcome!
You're welcome.
Great, I hope you like it!
Yes, he starred in The Snows of Kilimanjaro. Have you seen it?
Yes he did have and he also wrote What's Your Number?
I do like dramas as well. Have you seen Up in the Air?
Casino Royale is written by Ian Fleming. It stars Tom Hanks and Ian McKellen.
I recommend True Lies, but Daniel Craig also starred in The Jungle. It is one of my favorite spy films.
Yes, it is. It is also a thriller starring Robin Wright.
I know he plays soccer for the Mexico national football team
I'm not sure. I don't really know much about soccer but I believe Manchester United F.C is coached by Ryan Giggs.
You're welcome.
O Alquimista was written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988. Have you read this book?
Paulo Cohelo wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Liars
Yes, onze minutos. Onze minutos is considered a Portuguese language.
Jeffrey DeMunn starred in The Shawshank Redemption and The Mist. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, she did star in that movie as well. Did you know she was also in The Mist?
You're welcome, I'm glad I could help.
Yes, he plays for the Germany national football team.
I know they are a part of the NFL. They are a part of the National Football League.
I like to watch football. I like to watch college football. How about you?
I like the Redskins, they've been having a great season. Who's your favorite team?
Yes, The invention of wings is a film. It was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and adapted into film.
Yes, Tom Cruise starred in The Last Samurai along with Tom Cruise. Have you seen it?
Yes he did, and he also starred in The Pink Panther. Do you like action movies?
Andy Garcia also starred in The Shining. Have you seen it?
Andy Garcia also starred in the movie I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With, which also starred Tom Cruise.
You're welcome!
I think they've been a very good game since they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
I have not, but I've heard that Ned Beatty is one of the stars in that movie.
I have not seen Jerry Maguire, is it good?
I'm also going to add to my watch list.
I can tell you he directed The Kingdom. Did you know that he starred in this movie?
It is a War film. Do you like those kinds of movies?
You're very welcome. Enjoy.
It was written by R.J. Palacio and released in 2012. Are you familiar with this author?
I don't know any other books by him, but I can tell you that The Julian Chapter was released 2014
Yes, he was a writer and a director
I am not sure but I can tell you it was released in 2014
Glad to be of help
Bill Murray starred in What's Your Number? which is a comedy film.
I don't know, but Wild Things is starring Rebecca Hall and Liam Neeson.
She wrote The Scarlet Letter. Have you read it?
She wrote The Shadowhunter's Code. Have you read this one?
It's considered a historical fiction.
It was written in 1850. It was released in 1850.
Yes, if you like books written by J.K. Rowling, I would recommend The Witch of Blackbird Pond and The Giver.
Persuasion is written by James Connelly and released in 1817
Sense and Sensibility, Persuasion, Pride and Prejudice, and Persuasion are some of her works. Have you read any of her work?
If you like romance books, you might like Violets Are Blue, or The Fountains of Paradise. Have you read those?
You're very welcome!
Judd Hirsch starred in The Little Prince and The Horse Whisperer. Have you seen them?
Tower Heist is a comedy-drama film that was released in 1996.
Tower Heist is a political thriller and Thriller.
I don't have any information on any crime movie, but I can tell you Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt.
She wrote оскресение and нна и мир.
Yes, I can be sure to read Russian. Would you like to read Russian?
You're very welcome!
I do! It's a fantasy movie. It stars Orlando Bloom and Billy Boyd.
I liked him in Troy. Did you know he also starred in The Good Doctor?
I do! It was written by Kim Edwards. It was released in 2005.
The Secret Life of Bees is another one written by Kim Edwards. Have you read that one?
That is a great one! Kim also won the Whiting Writers' Award.
Snow Crash is a Speculative Fiction book written by Neal Stephenson. It is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Sure! He starred in What's Your Number? and The Perfect Score. Have you seen either of those?
Charlie Cox also starred in What's Your Number. Did you know that Charlie Cox also starred in the film?
I don't have that information, but I do know What's Your Number was released in 1998.
You're welcome.
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you be interested in other books written by F. Scott Fitzgerald?
Yes he is. Ernest Hemingway also wrote The Great Gatsby.
You're welcome.
You're welcome
Sure! He is a famous tennis player. He played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics. Do you like tennis?
I am not a fan of tennis but I do know he competed in the 2012 Olympics.
He competed in the 2012 Olympics. It's been a while since I've seen him play.
Do you like the book because it is a Mystery or because it is a thriller?
A Wolf at the Table is a science fiction novel released in 1982. It was published in 1979.
I am not sure about that. I do know You Better Not Cry is a sequel.
You're very welcome!
Definitely! It was written by Jared Diamond. It was released in 1997. Have you read it?
It's a Thriller. Do you like those genres?
I do not have any information on that author. I can tell you that The Melancholy Death of Oyster is written by Margaret Atwood.
He wrote My Soul to Take, where is starring Rachel McAdams. Do you like her work?
Yes he also wrote My Soul to Take, have you seen it?
Yes he did. Harris Yulin also starred in My Soul to Take. He also starred in The Last Man in the Iron Mask.
Glad to be of help
Sure! Anne Rice wrote Vittorio the Vampire Academy and Vittorio the Vampire Academy. Have you read either of those?
Yes, she did write Frankenstein.
I haven't seen any of her books but I do know she wrote The Martian Chronicles and The Titanic
The Graveyard Book is written by Neil Gaiman, have you heard of him?
The Golden Compass is a great children's book. Have you read it?
Happy to help!
Lois Lowry wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read either of those?
It's considered both Young-adult fiction and Science Fiction.
I'm not sure of the year it was released.
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio and F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like this actor or genre?
Sure, he directed The Hunger Games and The Giver. Have you seen them?
Moon starred Scarlett Johansson, Morgan Freeman, and Richard Portnow.
It's considered a Warcraft film. Do you like those genres?
I don't really know much about them except they were the runner-up team in Super Bowl XLI.
I am not a huge fan of the Seahawks. They have a X-Men Affair and X-Men Affair. Is that your opinion?
I would have to agree. I like the Seahawks. who is your favorite player?
I have never been to a football game before but I love the Seahawks!
Sure! Did you like it because it was written by George Lucas, or because it was a thriller?
Garry Marshall directed the movie
George Lucas also directed Gone Baby Gone which is another good movie
Yes, it was written by Tony Gilroy and it's a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Do you like Crime Fiction Films? I heard he also starred in The Pacifier.
I haven't seen Ghost Protocol but I'll have to check it out.
Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien? He wrote The Lord of the Rings.
Yes, J.R.R. Tolkien also wrote The Lord of the Rings and The Two Towers.
I have not seen it, but I believe Mirror Mirror is a drama. Do you like the genre or the actors?
Matt Damon starred in Grimm's Fairy Tales. Do you like his acting?
He was also in Zookeeper. Have you seen that movie?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Lightning Thief is a young-adult fiction book written by Rick Riordan. Do you like fiction books?
I haven't read any of those, but I do know that Percy Jackson and The Titans Curse is also written by Rick Riordan. Have you read any of them?
It is speculative fiction and fantasy. Do you like that genre?
I hope you enjoy it!
She is a very talented actress. She starred in The Mists of Avalon which is a Romantic Comedy.
She wrote The Stuff and The Rocketeer. Have you read either of those?
I do not know who starred in that movie, but I do know she also starred in the movie Tootsie.
Inception is written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Prestige.
Yes, Christopher Nolan also wrote The Prestige.
Yes, For Whom the Bell Tolls is written by Ernest Hemingway.
Sure. He wrote Toll the Hounds, The Sun Also Rises, and many more. Have you read any of these?
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
Stefan Kapicic starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
Deadpool also stars Stefan Kapicic and Stefan Kapicic
Deadpool has genre Fantasy
I love Lebron James. I think he is a great athlete. Is he a point guard?
I don't know too much about Lebron James, I think he is a good actor. Is he a good actor?
Yes he did. They both starred in Coco-cola.
The Fault in Our Stars is written by John Green, who also wrote Paper Towns.
I have not read either The Fault in Our Stars, but The Book is written by John Green and the genre is young adult fiction.
Have you read Xenocide or Xenocide?
Yes, it was written by Margaret Atwood, have you read it?
You're welcome
James Franco starred in Palo Alto and Whatever Works. Do you like his work?
Whatever It Takes is starring Liam Neeson. It is considered a Romantic Comedy.
I don't have that information, is there anything else you would like to watch?
You're very welcome!
I do! She's a wonderful actress. She starred in The Joy Luck Club. Have you seen it?
The Hundred Secret Senses is a fiction novel. It's considered young adult fiction. Do you like fiction?
Yes, it is. Would you like me to add it to your reading list?
I do! He starred in The Apostle. Have you seen it?
I didn't know that. But I do know Robert Duvall starred in The Apostle.
I don't know, but Robert Duvall also directed it.
I'm not sure, but Billy Bob Thornton is a great actor.
You're welcome.
Yes, I do! Mark Waters directed The Red Pony which is a Thriller.
Yes, Tod Fennell also starred in the film. Would you like to hear more about the movie?
It's considered a Romance and Historical period drama.
You are welcome!
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen who also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility are two of her books.
Janet Fitch wrote White Oleander which is a Drama. Do you like Drama books?
Paint It Black is a historical fiction novel. Paint It Black is classified as a dystopian fiction novel.
You're welcome.
Akira Kurosawa starred in Yojimbo and Ran. Have you seen either of those?
I would recommend X-Men 2 or World War Z. Have you seen those?
It starred Samurai and Marcia Gay Harden.
I would be happy to. I hope you enjoy it.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was directed by Chris Columbus.
Yes, he wrote Les Miserables.
Yes,it was released in 1862
Muc is written by John Scalzi
Did you know he also wrote The Tragedy of Othello, The Moor of Venice and The Moor of Venice
Once Upon a Time in the West is a western film similar to Open Range & Aliens.
Shane is a great actor he starred in the movie Spy
You are welcome, enjoy!
Jodi wrote Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts.
Jodi also wrote Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts.
You're very welcome!
Charles Dickens is a great author! He wrote The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club, The Old Curiosity Shop, and Oliver Twist. Have you read any of these?
Charles Dickens wrote Oliver Twist as well as Oliver Twist. Have you read either of those?
Yes he did. It's a great book that you should read.
That's correct! Anything else I can help you with?
You're very welcome!
He's a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics.
I do, I like to watch it a lot
I really like to watch college football. What about you?
I have not. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan myself.
Yes, Hellboy is a great movie. Did you know it was written by Walter Hill and starring Tom Hanks?
He also directed Unleashed and The Man in the Iron Mask. Have you seen them?
I'm not sure, but Hellboy II is a sci-fi/adventure film.
Atlas Shrugged is a science fiction book written by Leonard Peikoff and Ayn Rand. Do you like science fiction books?
Yes, he wrote We Are the Living and Ayn Rand. Do you like the novel?
I do not know, but I can tell you We the Living was written in 1953
It was written by Gayle Forman, who also wrote The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Souls.
Have you read The Name of the Wind, The Giver, or The Giver. Those are all really good reads.
You're welcome have a great read.
You're welcome.
Mark Osborne starred in The Little Prince, Kung Fu Panda and the Spongebob Square Pants movies.
Yes, Seth Rogan also starred in The Little Prince. He's a great actor.
Sure, he also starred in The Women of Brewster Place and The Most Dangerous Mind.
I'm sure you will enjoy them!
The author James Patterson also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. Do you like this genre?
Sure, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and The Great Gilly Hopkins. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it is also considered Children's literature and was released in 1961.
You're very welcome, enjoy!
I'm not really a fan of the Golden State Warriors but I think they are coached by Steve Kerr. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure where the team is located. I think it is located in New York City. Have you been there?
I do. Is there anything in particular you would like to know?
I like football. What's your favorite team?
I know he plays cricket and was born in Delhi.
Yes. I like football. Tom Brady is a great player.
That's interesting. He starred in The Devil Wears Prada.
John Boyne wrote The Boy in the Striped Pajamas. Have you read it?
It is a Children's literature novel. Do you like children's literature?
I don't have that information, but I do know it was released in 1968.
You're very welcome!
I do! The Devil's Advocate was directed by Tony Gilroy. It starred Scarlett Johansson.
Yes, he did. Did you know he also starred in the film?
Blood In, Blood Out was released in 1999
No problem
Do you like the movie because it's a Science Fiction genre?
The Hunger Games is written by Suzanne Collins, who also wrote The Hunger Games.
Actually this is a book written by Tatiana de Rosnay. It was released in 2007
Yes, it did. Boomerang was released in 2011.
She also wrote The Little Friend. Have you read that one?
You're welcome!
She wrote the Children's literature
I'm not sure, but she wrote The Secret Life of Bees. Have you read that one?
Glad to be of help
I don't know any of them, but I heard they were a very good band. Have you heard any of their music?
I'm not sure if he did play any instruments, but Adam Levine has been in a lot of movies.
I'm not sure if it was a TV show, but it was a great show as well.
Yes, Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline and released in 2013. Do you like her work?
No, Orphan Train is considered historical fiction. Do you like those genres?
She also wrote A Piece of the World and A Piece of the World.
Glad to be of help
L.A. Confidential is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that one.
I couldn't find any information on that, but I can tell you that Brenda Blethyn also starred in it.
You're welcome.
Yes I do. J.J. Cohen starred in Back to the Future.
Yes. There are so many great Adventure movies like There's a Wocket in My Pocket and The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
CCH Pounder : Film Executive Produced: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Ashes; City of Ashes; City of Ashes; City of Glass. Do you like either of those?
Oh, I love Kevin Zegers, but he did star in the film as well.
Aidan Turmer was in a lot of thrillers. Would you like to see more of her movies?
I'm not sure about Zodiac but it was directed by David Fincher.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I'm not really a fan of Russel Wilson, but I do know he starred in The Matrix Revolutions.
Yes he does. Do you like the Seahawks?
I don't watch much football but I like the Cowboys.
Hayao Miyazaki directed The Emperor's New Groove. Have you seen it yet?
Ponyo stars Benicio del Toro and Robert Duvall to name a couple.
It's a Princess Mononoke was released in 2002. It also stars Ralph Fiennes.
You're very welcome!
The Bourne Identity starred Matt Damon and Matt Damon. Matt Damon also starred in The Last Samurai.
Have you seen The Manchurian Candidate? That's a great mystery. I highly recommend it.
I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
I'm not sure, but it does have a genre of Thriller. Do you like that genre?
I don't have access to that information right now. Enjoy!
I don't know too much about him, I know he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints.
I'm not sure if he played for any other sports. I do like the New England Patriots. Drew Brees is my favorite quarterback.
I'm hoping they have a good chance
Sure! Bruce Willis starred in Hudson Hawk. It's a great movie. Have you seen it?
Have you seen Hudson Hawk? It's one of his old movies.
I don't know, but I do know he is a great actor. He was also in The Hobbit series. Have you seen those?
I am not sure, but I can tell you that Elisabeth Shue is also in a series of movies.
I sure can! Is there anything I can do for you today?
You're very welcome.
Gran Torino is starring Clint Eastwood and Dreama Walker. Do you like Clint Eastwood films?
Warm Bodies starred Cory Hardrict and Clint Eastwood. Do you like Cory Hardrict?
I am not sure who starred in this movie. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're very welcome!
Brandon Sanderson wrote Radiance and Warbreaker, have you read those?
It's a Warbreaker. Do you like Warbreakers?
It was released in 2004
You're welcome
Do you like the movie because Mandy Moore starred in it?
Absolutely! One of my favorite Disney films is Treasure Planet. Have you seen it yet?
I'm not sure, but Molly Shannon starred in The Princess Diaries. Have you seen it?
Do you like the book because it is a science fiction?
Yes, Orson Scott Card is a science fiction novelist. He wrote The Gate Thieves and The Gate Thief. Have you read those?
Have you read The Witch of Blackbird Pond? Orson Scott Card also wrote that one.
You're very welcome!
David O. Russell directed The Little Prince. It's a drama. Do you like drama?
Yes, he did star in the movie. Its a great movie.
You are welcome.
Anthony Daniels is an actor. He starred in The Making of Star Wars with Harrison Ford. Are you familiar with this film?
Anthony Daniels is known for his role in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Do you like Indiana Jones's work?
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're very welcome!
Did you like Forrest Gump because it was written by Winston Groom?
No, I don't have any information on any other movies
You're Welcome
I'm not really a fan of A Christmas Carol, but I heard it was written by Charles Dickens. Have you read it?
Mickey's Christmas Carol is a great movie. Did you know he starred in The Princess Diaries 2?
Do you like Fantasy genres?
Did you know Evernight Fingersmith was based on London?
Happy reading!
I don't really know much about Philadelphia Eagles, but I think they are one of the best teams in the NFL.
I didn't know that. What position does he play for?
I did not know that. I do know Philadelphia Eagles is owned by Woody Harrelson
I did not know that. I have never heard of it. I have heard of it.
Absolutely! Watership Down is written by Diana Gabaldon. It is a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy books?
Yes, The Lord of the Rings is considered speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is speculative fiction as well as Fantasy and Children's literature.
I don't know much about them, but I do know Ken Whisenhunt is the coach. Do you like them?
The Tennessee Titans was the runner-up in Super Bowl XXXXVIII.
I would say that is true. It's been a while since they were the runner ups.
Sure, some of his top films are The Manchurian Candidate, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen any of these?
I recommend Troy, which is a historical film. Troy is a historical film. Do you like historical films?
It's a great movie. United United States is considered a historical historical film. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, Return of the Jedi stars Scarlett Johansson. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
If you like the sequels, you might want to check out Return of the Jedi or The Matrix Revolutions.
I'm not sure about that but Aeon Flux stars Charlize Theron. Do you like her?
Awesome! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it's a great movie! It's a comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes he was in that thriller movie. Do you like thrillers?
I'm sorry, I don't have anymore information on that show, but Joseph Gordon Levitt starred in The Mask.
Do you like the book because it's written by Nicholas Sparks?
The name of the author is Nicholas Sparks.
No, it's written by Nicholas Sparks.
I think he's a great quarterback, but I don't know much about him. What do you think?
I liked Wildcats. Did you know Rudy was produced by John Lennon?
I like Couples Retreat too. Have you seen that one?
Aliens is a sci-fi movie. Aliens is written by James Cameron. Do you like sci-fi films?
Volcano was written by Tony Gilroy and Steve Buscemi also wrote it and it was released in 1979
Tommy Lee Jones starred in the sci-fi movie The Space Between Us. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was also in Dante's Peak.
You're welcome.
I would. It starred Scarlett Johansson, who also starred in The Butterfly Effect.
William Scott also starred in The Butterfly Effect. Have you seen it?
The Go-Girl is a thriller. Have you seen it?
Sure! Leonard Nimoy starred in The Halloween Tree and The Halloween Tree. Have you seen them?
Star Trek III: The Voyage Home is a science fiction film. Would you like to know more about Walter Koeing?
The Voyage Home also stars Leonard Nimoy. Walter Koeing also stars in The Last Man in Romeo and Juliet.
You're welcome!
You're welcome
Inside Man is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
I haven't seen it yet, but I haven't seen it yet. It's considered thriller and crime fiction, so I would recommend it.
You're welcome.
Cesc Fabregas is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Barcelona and the Spain national team.
I don't know much about American Football, but I do know that Cesc Fabregas is a midfielder.
I don't know much about tennis but I do know that he was born in Honolulu.
I'm not really a fan of the Nets but I think they are doing pretty well this season.
I don't think so, but he was a point guard too.
Yes, he did. The Bucks is a great team.
Memento is a thriller starring Bruce Willis. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, William Morgan Sheppard starred in The Prestige.
I have not seen them but I heard they are great movies
Yes, he is a composer/DJ. Abrams and he is the composer and lyricist.
Rita Ora is an American singer-songwriter, songwriter, artist, and film director. She starred in the movie What Happens in Vegas.
I hope you enjoy it!
Adam Brown starred in The Hobbit series. Do you like fantasy genre films?
Adam Brown also starred in The Hobbit. Do you like fantasy films?
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Is there anything I can do for you?
Have a great day
James Harden plays basketball for the New York Knicks. He's a point guard. Do you like basketball?
Yes. I think he played for the Golden State Warriors in the NBA. Do you like basketball?
Yes, he is the current coach of the Los Angeles Lakers.
Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull starred Shia LaBeouf.
He was also in Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull
X-Men 2 and World War Z
your welcome
Crescendo is a fantasy book written by Vince Flynn. Have you read this book?
She also wrote Silence and Hush, Hush. Have you read either of those?
Great, I think you will enjoy them.
The Maze Runner is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Scorch Trials is starring Rory Kinnear and Young adult fiction.
You're welcome
Jake Gyllenhaal starred in Drama and Thriller. Do you like these genres?
Absolutely, it is a Romance and Drama film, have you seen it?
I would definitely recommend Cloverfield, it is a drama and action movie.
Will Gluck starred in Friends with Benefits and Friends with Benefits. Have you seen them?
Annie stars Tracie Thoms and Emma Stone. It is a Thriller
I don't have any information on other movies he's been in but I can tell you that Will Gluck is also starring Jamie Foxx
The Notebook is a romance novel written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like romance books?
Yes, he was. He wrote Message in a Bottle and Dear John. Have you read them?
I'm sorry, I don't have access to that information.
Liam Neeson is the author of the book.
Yes he did. He also wrote "The Notebook" and "The Running Man".
You're very welcome!
Yes, it was written by Sue Monk Kidd and released in 2002. Have you seen it?
It's a Romance novel that was released in 2002.
You're very welcome!
Sure. Good in Bed was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like books written by Sparks?
He wrote The Crucible. Have you read that?
Yes he did and it was written by Christopher Bigsby. Do you like dramas?
Yes, he also wrote The Crucible, The Handmaid's Tale and The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou.
Sure! You may also like The Handmaid's Tale. It's a tragedy.
I'm a NY Giants fan, but I'm not a fan. I like their coach John Fox.
They're not a Super Bowl, but they've had a a runner up in Super Bowl XLVIII.
They've been to a few Super Bowls. They'll have to look them up. They'll have to look them up.
Lolita wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
Pale Fire is a horror novel written in English.
Is there anything else I can help with?
You're welcome
I have never heard of his music. Is he a good artist?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. I do know she was married to Justin Timberlake.
I have not. I've heard that one. Is it good?
Both were written by Chris Weitz, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Have you read it?
Another book in the series by J.K. Rowling is The Tales of Beedle the Bard. Have you read it yet?
Sure, it was released in 2014. It's considered young adult fiction, fantasy and adventure.
Absolutely! Do you like this genre because it's written by Ralph Fiennes or because it's an autobiography?
I'm sorry, I don't have any more information on those books, but Frank McCourt also wrote The Secret Life of Bees, which is an autobiographies.
It was written by Nicholas Sparks. It was released in 2013. Do you like his work?
The Tales of Beedle the Bard, The Casual Vacancy, The Silkworm, The Silkworm, and The Silkworm.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you The Silkworm is in English.
I'm not sure. Would you like me to add it to your list?
I actually don't have that information, but I do show that it was released in English.
Glad to be of help
Total Recall starred Tom Hanks and Total Recall a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I don't know a lot about football, I think he plays for France national football team.
I don't know much about basketball but I do know James Harden plays the position of forward.
I love reality TV shows. Have you ever seen it?
I'll have to check back later. Thanks for the info.
I don't have the ones I've seen. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Inception is written by Christopher Nolan, starring Tom Berenger.
Yes, she did. She also starred in The Prestige.
It was released in 2002 and Anne-Marie Duff stars in it as well.
I will add it to your watch list.
Rob Reiner is an author. He wrote This Is Spinal Tap.
He also directed the movie This Is Spinal Tap. Have you seen it?
The Met Sally was produced by Danny DeVito and it's starring Tom Hanks.
Your welcome.
Yes, he has written a few books. Jamie Ford wrote Songs of Willow Frost and the Lord of the Rings. Have you read those?
I am not sure of the genre, but Willow Frost was fiction. It is fiction.
You're very welcome!
I haven't heard much of her music but I think she starred in Princess Protection Program.
I'm sorry, I don't know who else was in that movie. I think Selena Gomez was in Spring Breakers.
I would consider it a historical drama.
Do you like Michael Parks because it is a thriller or a drama?
Yes, they were the runner-ups in Super Bowl XLVII, did you know that?
Not really, I am more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I'm not sure, but the Red Sox is coached by John Farrell. I think it would be a great place to start.
I think he is a great golfer, do you follow golf?
Is he still playing for Tiger Woods?
I didn't know Phil Mickelson is also a teacher!
Yes, I can tell you that The Hurt Locker is directed by Kathryn Bigelow
Yes he did, he also starred in Thor as well. Do you like his work?
Sure, it is written by Jeremy Renner and also stars Tom Hanks and Emily Blunt
Trucker is added to your watch list. Have a great day.
I don't know a whole lot but I do know they are part of the NFC West and are part of the NFC West.
they moved to Arizona from New York City. I am not sure if they were interested
I do like college games. What college games do you like?
I don't know much about him but I do know he's a professional footballer.
I didn't know that, I'm more of a Manchester United fan. They're having a good season this year. They've had some pretty good players.
I like to watch college football and it's been a while since I watched it.
El amor en los tiempos del cólera is written by Gabriel Garcia Marquez and released in 1985.
Debora Smith also wrote El otoo del cólera.
Yes it is written in English as well.
Along Came a Spider is written by James Patterson.
Yes it is! Along Came a Spider is also a science fiction film.
It was written by James Patterson, would you like to know other books by him?
You're welcome!
I do! It's written by Ian McEwan and stars Tom Hanks. It's a great movie.
Have you seen True Romance? It's one of my favorite Romance Films.
Have you seen The Sun Also Rises? It is a Tragicomedy.
I sure do! He starred in Jurassic Park and Jurassic Park.
Did you like the movie because it starred Robert Downey Jr. or because it is a thriller?
Sure, some of the actors are Charlie Korsmo and Josh Brolin. It was released in 2002.
You're very welcome, enjoy!
Snow Flower and the Secret Fan is a novel written by Anne Tyler. Do you like her work?
It's considered children's literature.
Great, I can recommend anything else I can do for you today?
I didn't know that! I know that she played badminton, but I remember watching the Olympics. It was pretty good.
No, I did not know that! Do you like the London 2012 Summer Olympics?
Yes he is the same author as Hamlet.
I agree. Romeo & Juliet is my favorite. I haven't read it yet. Is it written by William Shakespeare?
No, I don't believe she is a play but I do enjoy Deep.
Sense and Sensibility was written by Jane Austen who also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
She also wrote Sense and Sensibility and Pride and Prejudice.
I think he's a great singer and song writer. Do you like his music?
I don't know too much about her, did you know Anna Kournikova is also a musician?
Did you know he also starred in The Muppets a musical comedy?
Yes, Leonardo DiCaprio starred in The Aviator. Do you like his work?
Leonardo DiCaprio also starred in The Aviator.
I don't think so, but I can tell you Kelli Garner also stars in The Aviator. Anything else I can help you with?
Ok. Enjoy the film!
True Grit and The Wild Life. Have you seen them?
Yes, she is also in this movie. It was directed by Aaron Sorkin.
You're welcome, enjoy!
She wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read either of these?
The Swan Thieves is a young-adult fiction novel, and the Historian
The Swan Thieves is a young-adult fiction novel.
Absolutely, I am sending it now
Yes, he is an athlete that plays Golf. Do you like Golf?
what is your favs. do you like to watch?
i did not know that. do you like any other sports?
i like football and baseball. what about you?
i have never been to a boxing live. have you ever been to a live game?
i believe he is a fav player. do you like any other sports?
I'm a NY Giants fan, but I'm a NY Giants fan.
I don't have that information, but I do know their home venue is the Georgia Dome.
I like Tom Brady too. Who is your favorite Patriots player?
I do! She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Marion Wiesel.
I do. It was released in 1958. It is a speculative fiction novel.
Yes, that was the year that released The Man in Havana. That was written by Marion Wiesel.
Ethan Suplee starred in Vulgar
He also starred in Clerks and Clerks. Clerks is in the same genre as Vulgar.
Yes and he also starred in The Butterfly Effect. Have you seen it?
You're very welcome.
I can tell you that they starred in the movie Tiny Dancer and a movie called Friendship
Yes, Gwyneth Paltrow is friends with Gwyneth Paltrow.
I have no idea. Coldplay is a touring film.
You're welcome.
Yes, Tom Brady is the owner of the Patriots. Do you like them?
Yes, it is. Do you like any other football teams?
Oh I see. That's a good question. I haven't really heard much about the Patriots. They're playing the Red Skins today.
Wow he certainly did! And so was Walter Payton!
Terry George directed Hotel Rwanda, starring Sophie Okonedo and Robert Duvall.
I am not sure, but Terry George also directed The King's Speech which is a comedy.
It's a drama.
Your welcome.
Sure! Beatrix Potter wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard, The Tale of Beedle the Bard, and The Tale of Beedle the Bard. Have you read any of those?
I don't have that information, but I do know it was released in 2000.
It sure does! Beatrix Potter has many professions including Drama, Family, Drama, and Children's literature.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by X-Men Apocalypse
He has also starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and The Fugitive.
The Croods is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like that genre?
It is a Science Fiction/Action Film.
It's considered a Romantic Comedy.
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland is written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like fantasy books?
Lewis Carroll also wrote Alice in Wonderland. Alice in Wonderland is a children's literature. What else can I do for you?
Great. Anything else I can do for you today?
You're welcome. What else can I do for you today?
The Incredibles is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Yes, there is a lot of other family friendly movies like The Incredibles such as The Road by Viggo Mortensen and The Portable Atheist.
Zoe Lister-Jones also starred in Ratatouille.
Yes, he plays professional basketball as a point guard for the Denver Nuggets
I don't know a lot about it, I like it. I like it when it comes on TV, what about you?
I'm a huge fan of the New England Patriots, what about you?
I like to watch college football and I like the Lakers.
I've heard they're good. The New England Patriots have a lot of good players on the team.
Yes I do. Fight Club is written by Jim Uhls and starring Brad Pitt. It is a Thriller.
I do. I love her music. I like Tip of My Tongue and Some Kind of Miracle. Do you like her?
I haven't heard much of her music. Is she a good listener?
I'm not sure if she is a fan of the music genre, but she does have some hip hop and hip hop as well. Have you heard of her songs?
I would recommend Heavy Metal and Electronic rock.
Hot Fuzz is a comedy starring Jim Carrey and Michelle Pfeiffer.
Do you like the movie because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Another thriller you might like is Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee, and Joel David Moore.
Rum Diary stars Nicole Kidman and Anthony Hopkins
Glad to be of help
I think he's a great golfer from Dallas. Do you like golf?
Did you know he's from Dallas?
I have never played or watched a golf game, but I have never played it. I like golf more. How about you?
Serenity is starring Naomi Watts and Emma Stone. Do you like those actors?
You're welcome! Tamara Taylor also starred in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
I don't have the information for Cloverfield, but I'm sure you will enjoy it!
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, he starred in The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
I do not know who starred in Kind Rewind but he also starred in Be Kind Remind.
I do! I like Maroon 5 and Adam Levine. Do you like them?
I like a lot of them. I like Taylor Swift and Selena Gomez
I like it too, I like it too! I like Taylor Swift too.
I'm not a huge fan of his but I do like Moonwalker which is one of my favorite songs.
I didn't know it does! Diana Ross also starred in True Romance and The Wiz.
I'll have to agree!
He plays on the Argentina national football team.
I'm not a huge Manchester fan but I have watched a few games. Is there anything in particular you like to watch?
I like Pellegrini! He's a very good player.
Sure, Shrek is a family comedy film. Do you like those genres?
Yes, do you like thrillers or action movies?
That movie stars Temuera Morrison and Josh Brolin. Do you like them?
You're welcome.
Do you like her acting? She starred in The Wild Life.
I don't know who else stars in Wild Life but The Little Rascals is a drama. Do you like dramas?
I am not sure who starred in Wild Life, but Randy Quaid also starred in The Little Rascals.
Yes, she wrote Silence and Hush, Hush. Have you read either of those?
She also wrote Silence. Have you read it?
Hush hush is a Thriller
You're welcome
I'm not sure who directed it but it was directed by James Cameron.
He also directed Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade
Zoe Lister-Jones also starred in Monsters Inc.
You're welcome
Gore Verbinski wrote Rango, a fantasy film. Do you like those genres?
It was released in 2002. It is a Thriller/Drama.
Yes, Rango is considered an action film. Do you like that genre?
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Do you like 21 Jump Street because it's a drama?
I don't have that information right now. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome.
I don't have the information about that one but you might like Zombieland. That is a great Comedy movie.
I do! She wrote A Little Princess, which is Speculative fiction.
I have read that one as well! It was written by Rick Riordan. It's a Children's literature.
The Vampire Chronicles is written by Rick Riordan. It's a great book.
The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins who also wrote Gregor and the Marks of Secret.
I don't know. But The Passage was written by Suzanne Collins. It's a speculative fiction novel.
You're very welcome!
She wrote Mansfield Park, have you read it?
Mansfield Park is a Science Fiction genre book.
Mansfield Park is considered a romance novel. Do you like romance books?
I would suggest To Kill a Mockingbird if you like murder mystery.
I haven't seen Murder on the Orient Express, but I heard it was great
He starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
These books fall into the Speculative Fiction genre.
You're very welcome!
She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie
Amelie is a romantic comedy. She was also in the movie Valentine's Day. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I do, he sings We Rode in Trucks and Someone Else Call Me Maybe. What song do you like?
Yes, he is from Leesburg, do you like his work?
I don't know if he has the record label that he has with the Virgin Records
Marlon Brando starred in The Young Lions and The Wild One. Have you seen them?
Viva Zapata is a drama film. Do you like those genres?
I don't have either of those, but I do have The Young Lions. It's a drama.
I don't know much about him but I do know he's won the NBA All Rookie Team of the Year Award.
Yes I am a basketball fan. I like the Lakers. How about you?
Yes, he won the NBA All-Rookie Team
Yes he did the Golden State Warriors too
Mervryn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
I'm not sure of the genre, but it was released in 1886.
Vladimir Nabokov has written several books such as The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and Mr Hyde.
Luigi Pistilli starred in The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
I don't have that information, but I do know that he starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly
Yes she was and she also starred in The Notebook.
You're welcome!
Yes, I can recommend a couple of my favorites. What kind of music do you like to watch?
I was not aware of that. Did you like the movie because it was written by Tim Bessed?
Well, he was also in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, which is a drama film.
Ok. I will send it to you.
I do not have any more information about Gabourey Sidibe. Gabourey Sidibe starred in Weight Loss
Sure! The Dark Knight is a superhero movie. Do you like superhero films?
Have you seen The Manchurian Candidate? it's a really good fantasy movie.
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn are some of the most adventure films in the genre.
I don't know if one is a blockbuster or movie but it was released in 2006.
I hope you enjoy it.
L.M. Montgomery wrote We Were Soldiers and The King's Speech. Have you read either of those?
The Blue Castle came out in 1994.
The Heart of Darkness came out in 1926
He starred in The Wackness and The Ghost Writer. Have you seen them?
Christopher Meloni also starred in The Warrior's Way, have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have anymore information on Nights.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it was written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King books?
Yes, he did. Did you know he starred in The Mist?
The Mask of Zorro is a great horror movie. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
David Guetta sang Night of Your Life, Love Is Gone and Wild Ones.
I do like his music. Did you know he is from France?
I don't know if I like his music but he does have some good songs like Wild Ones.
I like him too. He's a great vocalist.
The Interview stared James Franco and it's a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
It is a drama and it was released in 1999
i hope you enjoy it
you're welcome have a great day
Did you like it because it's a Romantic Comedy?
I'm not sure when it came out, but it is directed by Peter Hyams.
Ray Romano starred in Funny People, it is a comedy.
You're welcome.
I'm not sure if Paul Pogba is playing for Manchester United F.C. I'm sorry.
Yes they were the runner ups, and Xavier Becerra.
I do like American Football. What is your favorite team?
I don't know much about Ryan Griggs, but he played for the Seattle Seahawks.
Yes, he's a great author. He wrote The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban.
It's a romantic comedy.
I'm not sure if Spike Lee directed it, but he also directed The Manchurian Candidate.
Sue Monk Kidd wrote The Grand Budapest Hotel
Some of her influencers are Elliot and Tintenherz.
Yes he is from the United States.
Barbara Kingsolver starred in The Poisonwood Bible and The Lacuna. Have you seen them?
It's historical fiction and is considered young adult fiction.
Zoe's Tale is a science fiction novel written by John Scalzi.
You're very welcome
I think she's a good listener. I like her in Camp Rock and Camp Rock. Have you heard of her?
I think so. Didn't Tom Hanks star in Larry Crowne?
I haven't seen that one yet, is it good? I like Ashton Kutcher. He's a great actor.
Do you like it because it's written by Charlaine Harris?
The author Charlaine Harris also wrote The Southern Vampire Mysteries, which is a mystery book.
It's a speculative fiction novel by Charles Dickens. It's part of a series.
You're very welcome!
Sure! Quantum of Solace was written by Richard Matheson. He also wrote The Young-Adult Fiction.
Skyfall is a War film. It is a War film.
I do not have that information at this moment but I do have other thrillers you might like ?
You are welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know too much about football but I do know they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLVIII.
Did you know they were the runner ups in Super Bowl XLVIII?
They were the runner ups in Super Bowl XLVIII.
Yes, The Usual Suspects is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I do like thrillers. You should check out Shark Night. It is also starring Kyla Pratt.
I have not seen that movie. It is directed by Terry Brooks.
I do like hip hop music. Do you like that genre?
I like rock as well. I'm a huge fan of alternative rock.
Did you know Zipper was released in 2015?
Yes, it was written by John Green and is a young-adult fiction book.
I don't know too much about the book but it was written by John Green. Do you like the book?
You're welcome!
I know that TRON Legacy is starring Tom Cruise and Eddie Redmayne, have you seen it?
Zoe Lister-Jones also starred in that movie as well
I like Working Girl too. It has genre Thriller
You're welcome
Frank McCourt wrote Teacher Man. Have you read it?
I'm not sure, but it's considered children's literature.
I actually haven't seen any of those, but I've heard they're good.
You're welcome!
Do you like 21 Jump Street because it's a drama?
Yes, Channing Tatum starred in White House Down. Would you like to watch that movie?
I do not have that information
You are welcome.
I do. It was written by Diana Gabaldon and is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
She has a great voice. Did you know she was in Princess Protection Program?
Sam & Cat is a great show. She starred in a lot of other movies as well.
I didn't know she was on that show too. I remember watching the show when she was on the TV show.
Yes, she did star in that movie The Name of the Wind
Great, I hope you enjoy it
The Hobbit: There's a Wocket in my Pocket and Back Again came out in 2006.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that The Hobbit: There and Back Again was released in 1937.
Sure, The Rock was released in 1996. Have you seen the sequel, The Rock?
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore to name a couple. Do you like either of those actors?
Yes, I think you'd enjoy watching it.
Yes, he plays football for the Brazilian national football team.
I am not a huge fan of football but I have heard about the names of the team. Are you a fan of the sport?
He plays the position of Midfielder
The Matrix is written by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
The Golden Compass starring Keanu Reeves is a good fantasy movie
You're welcome.
Harold Ramis wrote Groundhog Day which stars Bill Murray. Have you seen it yet?
It stars Bill Murray and Rosario Dawson. Do you like them?
It is considered a Romantic comedy film. Do you like those genres?
Kill Bill Vol. 1 and Kill Bill Vol 2. are very good films.
The Sky Crawlers came out in 1994. Do you like drama films?
The Sky Crawlers came out in 1994 and also stars Tom Hanks. Do you like his work?
I don't have any information on that movie, but I can tell you The Great Yokai War was written by Frank Darabont.
Sure, the Great Yokai War was played by Frank Darabont.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is written by Diana Gabaldon. The next book in the series is The Oz Books, have you read them?
The Secret Life of Bees, The Secret Life of Bees, The Secret Life of Bees, and The Golden Compass. Have you seen any of those?
You're very welcome!
I have not, but I heard that she is a good rap artist.
I haven't heard that one yet, I just heard it. Is it a classic?
I didn't know she is from California, I think I heard she's from a lot of places I've been hearing.
Truman Capote's In Cold Blood was written by Kurt Wimmer. He also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's.
Breakfast at Tiffany's stars Sean Connery and Danny DeVito, have you seen it?
Breakfast at Tiffany's starred Meryl Streep and Emily Blunt
I do! Steve Jobs Jobs was released in 2013. Steve Jobs also starred in Star Wars: Episode II - Attack of the Clones.
SteveJobs is an American actor. He starred in Star Wars: Episode II - Attack of the Clones. Have you seen it?
It is a drama/fantasy.
You're very welcome!
You're very welcome!
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on anything else he has directed.
I'm not sure if he has written art of the art of the animation, but he wrote The Art of the Beast.
He wrote The Winnie-Pooh and The Winnie-Pooh. Have you read either of those?
The Secret Life of Bees is another one he wrote. It was released in 2002
It was released in 2010
You're Welcome
I don't know too much about basketball but I think he's a good player
I don't know a lot about basketball but I know he plays the point guards.
I'm glad I was able to help.
I don't know a lot about them, but I do know they are owned by Fred Wilpon and owned by Fred Wilpon.
Did you know they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLVIII?
I like the Red Sox. What about you?
I think he is a good soccer player, but I don't really know much about him.
I catch a game here and there. Is he your favorite player?
I'm not too sure about that, but I think he's a great artist.
Stephen Sommers directed Van Helsing and The Mummy Returns. Have you seen them?
It's considered a Fantasy/Drama. Do you like these genres?
Sure, you'll like The Polar Express. It's also considered Fantasy. Do you like this genre?
Yes, it's considered a fantasy. Another great one to watch is The Polar Express. Have you seen this one yet?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Trainspotting is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
You might enjoy The House of Hades, which also starring Shirley Henderson. Have you seen it?
Do you want me to proceed with the list of the movies directed by Steven Soderbergh?
I don't know much about Rogue Nation but I do know it was written by Fernando Hierro.
You might like White Fang starring Tom Cruise. Have you seen it?
Pound of Flesh stars Tom Cruise and Eddie Redmayne.
You're welcome.
Sure, P.C. Cast wrote Untamed, Redeemed, Tempted, and Revealed.
The Tempted is a young adult fiction. Another book you might like is Xenocide. Have you read that one?
I'm not sure if it's a series, but it was written by Melissa Marr.
I'm sorry, I don't have any suggestions for books in the series but I do have suggestions of other books by her.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, For Whom the Bell Tolls is written by Ernest Hemingway. Would you like to know more about this book?
It is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
I would recommend Toll the Hounds if you haven't heard of it.
You're welcome.
I don't really know much about Tom Brady but I think Tom Brady is a great quarterback. What do you think?
I'm not sure. I think they'll win the Super Bowl XLVIII.
I'm sorry, I don't know his wife, but I do know he's a wife.
The Town was directed by Ben Affleck. Ben Affleck also directed it.
It starred Laurence Fishburne and Liam Neeson.
I do not have that information
Okay. Have a good day.
Do you like the movie because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Have you seen Transformers? It is a great sci fi movie
It stars Robert Downey Jr and Scarlett Johansson.
I don't know if he directed anything else, but I do know he also directed The Goonies, starring Tom Hanks
I'm not a fan of Katy Perry, but I think Katy Perry is a great performer.
I did not know that! That was a great movie. Did you know she was born in Rochester?
Yes, I do like him. Did you know he was born in Murrieta?
We're the Millers, starring Thomas Lennon, is a great actor.
I have not seen that movie, but I heard he is great in Who's That Girl. Do you like Horror films?
I agree! Anything else I can help you with?
I do! It's a drama starring Anne Hathaway and Anne Hathaway. It's a drama.
I don't have any other information on Merryl's work, but he did star in The Devil's Advocate starring Anne Hathaway
I do recommend it . It is a great comedy drama film
You're welcome, enjoy!
peter starred in X-Men Apocalypse
It's a X-Men: Apocalypse.
You might like The Chronicles of Riddick, or the Watchmen.
The main lead in X-Men: Apocalypse
You're welcome.
Thomas E Connolly starred in The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer
Thomas E. Connolly authored The Scarlet Letter, have you heard of it?
You're very welcome!
Into the Wild stars Sean Penn and is a Thriller. Do you like Sean Penn?
Yes, I believe he wrote Into the Wild. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory stars Johnny Depp. Do you like Johnny Depp movies?
Sure, I would recommend The Rum Diary and The Rum Diary. Have you seen them?
You're very welcome!
Robin Hobb wrote The Mad Ship and The Golden Fool.
Robin Hobb wrote The Mad Ship and The Golden Fool. Have you read them?
Ship of Magic is written by Philip Pullman. Other books in this genre include The Golden Compass and The Looking Glass Wars
You're Welcome!
Oscar Wilde wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Picture of Dorian Gray. Have you read either of these?
Yes, The Picture of Dorian Gray is considered a historical novel. Dorian Gray is a historical novel as well.
I don't know that but I do know it was released in 1969.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it was written by Sarah J Maas and released in 2012. It was released in 2012 and written by Sarah J Maas.
Yes, it was released in 2012 and written by Sarah J Maas.
The Avengers, The Avengers, and The Avengers are some of her other movies
You're welcome!
Sure! She's been in a lot of movies. She's been in a lot of movies. She's been in a lot of films. She's been in a lot of films. She's been in a lot of films. She's been in a lot of films. She's been in a lot of films. She's been in a lot of films. What's your favorite?
Yes, Mark Boal wrote Mark Boal, he also wrote The Hurt Locker. Have you seen that movie?
I agree. Have a great day.
Isn't he a midfielder on the Colombia national football team?
I don't know a lot about him. Is he a midfielder?
I've heard Shakira is from Columbia. What's her?
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory stars Johnny Depp. Do you like the movie because it's a Mystery?
He also directed Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
You're welcome!
My favorite team is the Broncos. They've been a very long time since they were runner-ups.
Not really. I like to watch the New England Patriots and the New England Patriots.
I don't know much about them - I think the 49ers are a professional football team.
I'm not really a fan of soccer but I do enjoy watching the Premier League. Have you seen it?
I like to watch football and comedies. How about you? What sport do you like?
Yeah, I didn't know that! That's a great sport to watch.
I'm not sure if it's similar but it was written by Andrew Niccol.
He has written many self-help books, such as How to Win Friends and Influence People and How to Win Friends and Influence People
1989 was the year that released You Are Not So Smart, written by Stephen R. Covey
what else can i do for you?
Pacific RIm is an adventure film directed by Guillermo del Toro. Have you seen it?
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is a family movie, I would say it is a drama/fantasy
Have you seen the Pirates of the Caribbean: At the World's End?
Have you seen the Pirates of the Caribbean: At the moment, if you haven't seen it all?
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest is written by Jonathan Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, a drama. Do you like drama?
I loved Milo Forman too! You may also like Ernest Hemingway as well.
I loved Prefontaine. You might also like Milo Forman.
I'd suggest To Kill a Mockingbird, which is a very good one!
You're very welcome!
Yes, Lauren Oliver is a wonderful author. She wrote The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly. Have you read either of those?
It's considered Young-adult fiction, similar to Vanishing Girls.
You're welcome.
Paul McCartney and John Lennon wrote Yellow Submarine.
Did you know that Tambourine was written by John Lennon?
Yes, he is part of the Velvet Underground Underground.
Kyrie Irving plays for the Boston Celtics.
I didn't know that! What other sports do you like?
I didn't know that! I think he is American as well.
The Island was directed by Steven Spielberg. Do you like his work?
The Manchurian Candidate would be a sci-fi movie as well, as The Manchurian Candidate.
Tom Everett Scott also stars in it, I think you would enjoy it.
Glad to be of help
I like his movie Harsh Times. Are you a fan of his?
I didn't know it was a crime fiction, did you like those genres?
The Prestige stars Hugh Jackman and Christian Bale. It is a drama film.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was turned into a movie. It was written by Rick Riordan. Have you seen it?
Sure, The Throne of Fire and The Sea of Monsters are similar
you are welcome
He starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
I don't know much about football but I do know he played with lionel messi.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like the Dallas Cowboys?
Sean Barrett wrote The Bodyguard and The Secret Life of Bees. Have you heard of them?
Yes it was in English.
I have not read Waiting for the Barbarians but I heard it was a good book
I am not sure, but I think I heard it was good too.
I'm not a huge basketball fan but I do know they are owned by Leslie Alexander.
I am not a huge basketball fan but I do like college basketball.
I haven't heard much about them lately. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I see he wrote Candide.
I'm not sure of the release information for it, but it was released in 1964.
I would recommend The Hangover or The Hangover. Both are great satires.
You're welcome!
Sure. How about Alice's Adventures in Wonderland? It's one of my personal favorites.
He also wrote the book When We Were Very Young. Have you read it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I do, he's a great actor. Did you know he starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly?
Yes, Colleen Rooney is also a soccerer. Do you like soccer?
Who else do you like?
Real Madrid C.F is coached by Fernando Hierro.
Real Madrid C.F. is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Spanish club Barcelona and the Spanish national team.
Not really, but I think Copa del Rey is a great player
Do you like the book because it's young adult fiction?
You might like the Harry Potter series, or the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Sure, have a great day!
Pulp Fiction genre would be Reservoir Dogs. Reservoir Dogs is a crime fiction genre
John Travolta also starred in Zombieland.
Sure, have a great day!
Isn't he a soccer player?
Marina is in the genre of children's literature.
Yes, he wrote The Last Man
I'm not sure.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that version.
No problem
I am not a fan of the baseball but I do know they are owned by George Steinbrenner.
They did! They've won a few World Seriess. They've won a World Series recently recently.
No. I'm sorry. I do not have that information.
I'm not really a fan of the Tennessee Titans. I do know Ken Whisenhunt is the coach.
Marcus Mariota plays for the New York Jets, did you know the team?
I don't know much about it either. What is your favorite player?
It was written by Mitch Albom. It's a satire and was released in 1997.
Yes, I do! Patricia Cornwell wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. Have you read it?
She wrote Trace and Trace. Are you a fan of Cops?
I haven't seen that one yet, will I check it out?
Yes he did! Dennis Lahane also wrote Lolita, have you heard of that one?
Sure. Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented is written by Tim Dolin. Do you like his work?
He also wrote the Picture of Dorian Gray: in 1891.
It's non-fiction and was released in 1891.
It was released in 1985 and is a Fiction/Comedy.
Yes, he starred in Thirteen Reasons and The Big Lebowski. Have you seen either of those?
Hugh Jackman starred in The Hate Me. It is a psychological thriller.
You're very welcome!
She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you she starred in The Visitor. Have you seen that?
Yes, it is a French film.
Absolutely! I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about golf but I do know he won the 2012 PGA Championship.
I haven't, but I've heard he's from Northern Ireland.
I'm not sure if they're in Northern Ireland, but I think he's from Northern Ireland too.
Sure! Other movies in that genre include The Avengers, The Avengers, and The Avengers. Have you seen those?
The Island of Dr. Moreau is an action movie.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other information on anything else I can do to help.
Great, have a great day!
District 9 is written by District 9 and starring District 9 is written by District 9 and starring District 9 is written by District 9 and starring District 9 is written by District 9
You might like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee and Joel David Moore.
The Neon Demon stars Tom Hanks and Rick Riordan. It's a thriller that you might like.
You're welcome! Is there anything else I can do to help?
I do! She sung A Thousand Years and Lovestrong right?
Wow! I didn't know that! I wonder if she's been in a relationship with Tiger Woods?
I like both Taylor Swift and Selena Gomez.
I'm not sure if they were released, but they're pretty good.
Yes, it was written by Diana Gabaldon and published in 1992. It is a romance novel.
Fiery Cross is a fiction novel by Diana Gabaldon, it's part of a series. The next book in the series is Fiery Cross.
Edward Jones also wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer, and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer
You're welcome!
Todd Phillips wrote The Hangover and The Hangover. Have you read those?
Have you seen Part II? Todd Phillips wrote The Hangover Part II
The Hangover Part II is a comedy. The Hangover Part II is very funny too
I'm not sure. Is there a specific sport you like to watch?
I do. It's a great book written by Madeleine L'Engle. It's a great teen film.
I haven't read anything by Hans Christian Andersen, but I know he also wrote The Nightingale. Have you read it?
Yes she did, she also wrote Winter Garden as well. Have you read it?
You're very welcome!
He wrote II Principe didn't he?
I'm not sure I can tell you it was written in Spanish
Would you like me to proceed with the list of his books?
There are many. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Up was written by Pete Docter and is a Fantasy film. Do you like Fantasy films?
I am not sure, but she wrote The Green Mile. Are you interested in that genre?
It is a crime movie
I like Family Movies. How about you?
You're welcome
The Houston Rockets is a professional basketball team owned by Leslie Alexander. They are part of the NBA.
Quentin Tarantino
I don't have much information on Hardaway but I do have some information about Hardaway
I like Renaldo Balkman as well
The Gunslinger is written by Stephen King and released in 1982. Do you like Stephen King books?
Mr. Mercedes was released in 1945. It's considered young adult fiction and fantasy.
You're welcome.
Sure! Do you like Fight Club because it's a Thriller or because it's a Thriller?
It's considered a Thriller/Drama. Do you like those genres?
It was produced by Steven Spielberg
I'm not a huge football fan, but I do know they are coached by Mike Pettine.
I'm not really a fan of the Texans. Is that the team owned by Bob McNair?
I see. Randy Lerner also owns the Houston Rockets.
I see. They're from New York City and they're in the AFC South division.
He's been in a number of movies. One of them being Jay Rubin's latest is 1Q84 Books 1-2
I'm not sure but he wrote a book called The Fault in Our Stars
I'm not sure but he wrote a book titled
I am not sure , but he also wrote
You're welcome
Tuesdays with Morrie is written by Mitch Albom. It's a speculative fiction book.
It's considered Speculative fiction.
Sure, he also wrote Lolita, have you heard of this one?
You're welcome.
Transformers: Dark Moon is a Sci-Fi/Action movie similar to that one. Would you be interested in more movies in this genre?
Yes Predator is a Sci-Fi movie
Captain America: The Winter Soldier is starring Scarlett Johansson
Insurgent is written by Diana Gabaldon and stars Scarlett Johansson
You're welcome
Is it the book written by Billie Letts and released in 1995?
The Honk and Holler Opening Soon are good examples
Yes he also wrote The Crucible
Thank you.
Nathan Lane starred in The Shawshank Redemption and The Huntsman. Have you seen either of those?
It sure is! It also stars Topher Grace. Do you like her?
I'm not sure who else was in it, but it was directed by Sex and the City, which is a drama.
I'm not sure, but Cynthia Nixon also starred in Too Big to Fight.
William Hurt also starred in The Campaign, which is a Historical period drama.
F. Murray Abraham is an excellent actor. He starred in Thir13en Ghosts and The Grand Budapest Hotel
He starred in Thir13en Ghosts and The Assassination of Jesse James.
Yes, do you like fiction movies or science fiction movies?
Do you like the Avengers because it is sci-fi or because it is starring Scarlett Johansson?
Unbreakable is a science fiction movie. If you haven't seen it, you should watch The Last Stand. It's a great action movie.
You're welcome!
Isn't he a really good basketball player?
I like watching college football. What sports do you like to watch?
I'm not a huge football fan but I like the Washington Redskins. What about you?
I don't know much about it, but I do know they are coached by John Fox.
I am not a fan of Seahawks, but I do know they are coached by Pete Carroll.
I like the Patriots. Who's your favorite Patriots player?
I would. Outlander is written by Charles Dickens. It is a science fiction book. Do you like science fiction?
If you liked Outlander, you might also enjoy The Scottish Prisoner or The Fiery Cross.
Xeneocide was also written by Orson Scott Card. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Yes, To Kill a Mockingbird is written by Harper Lee. Would you like to know more about this book?
Is it the book written by Margaret Atwood and a history genre?
I would recommend To Kill a Mockingbird, it has genre Drama
You're welcome
I think they're a great soccer team, but I don't know much about soccer. They're coached by Louis van Gaal.
Have you ever seen a game live in Munich? It's a great movie.
I think he's a great actor. He's also a musician, songwriter and film producer.
Sure, Do you like the book because it's a crime fiction?
Princess Diaries is written by Meg Cabot
Yes, Stephenie Meyer wrote Twilight as well
Yes, it was a series and Therese Raquin
You are welcome!
Inside Out is a Thriller, starring Denzel Washington.
She was also in V for Vendetta.
This is the End is a comedy-drama.
I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
Great, have a great day!
He starred in I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With, which also starred Amy Sedaris. Have you seen it?
Yes, she starred in a tv show called The Painted Veil. Have you heard of it?
She's been in a number of movies. She's been in a number of movies like The Color Purple and The Polar Express. Have you seen any of those? Would you like to know more about any of those?
He's been in a number of movies. My favorite is The Missing. Have you seen it?
I would recommend "The Pacifier" if you haven't seen it. It is a historical period drama.
I didn't know that. I did enjoy his movies.
Well, he also directed The Princess Diaries. Have you seen that one?
Mr & Mrs Smith starred Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie Pitt. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
If you like Brad Pitt, you'll like Troy. It also starred Al Pacino.
Sure, Donnie Darko starred in The Throne of Fire and The Assassin. Have you seen them?
Yes he did and it was released in 1994. Do you like his movies?
Yes, it is considered a Thriller/Crime Thriller.
If you like Fantasy, you might like The Looking Glass Wars. It stars Frank Beddor.
You're very welcome!
Throne of Glass is written by Rick Riordan. The next in the series is The Assassin's Blade
The Throne of Fire and Queen of Shadows are both in the same genre.
I'd also recommend The Assassin and the Underworld.
I would recommend World War Z. It's part of the series.
Gothika is a drama/fantasy that was released in 2001. It also stars Anthony Edwards.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Beatrice Sparks wrote Go Ask Alice.
It sure is. Do you like romance books?
You're welcome.
Proposal is starring Sandra Bullock and is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
She's been in a lot of movies. She was also in The Proposal. Do you like her?
It's a drama. Do you like drama?
You're welcome
I've never read any books written by John Green. Are you familiar with his work?
He also wrote The Fault in Our Stars and The Forest of Hands. Have you read either of those?
It's considered children's literature.
You're welcome.
Sure! Outlander was written by Charles Dickens. Do you like his writings?
It was released in 1943.
It is a science fiction novel.
Eleanor & Park is written by Rainbow Rowell
I'm not sure, but she also wrote My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories
I am not sure, but I do know that Lola and the Boy Next Door is Mystery
You're welcome
Rich Moore wrote Wreck-It Ralph.
Yes, he did. It's a great comedy. Do you like comedies?
He also starred in Monster's Inc, which is a family film.
I don't know much about her other than she's a Danish tennis player. Do you like her?
I like Serena better than Serena. I like Serena better better than Serena.
I'm not sure about that but I do like Serena too. It's a comedy.
Sure! Zach Snyder directed The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that one?
Yes, some of the actors starred in Night Watchmen are Vanessa Ferlito, Kristy Swanson, and Morgan Freeman.
Sure, it is considered a comedy and a comedy. Would you like to know more about it?
Sure, I would recommend To Kill a Mockingbird and The Manchurian Candidate. Both are considered dramas.
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing and The Sweet Far Thing.
Then you'll like The Looking Glass Wars and The Golden Compass. Have you read them?
Yes, it's a series. It's part of the Wizard's First Rule series by Elizabeth George Speare.
Sure, I would recommend The Witch of Blackbird Pond by Elizabeth George Speare. Have you read that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Rebecca is written by Daphne du Maurier. Do you like her work?
My Cousin Rachel has genre Young-adult fiction.
No I do not. I am sorry.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I don't know a lot about them, but I do know they are a part of the NFL.
Case Keenum starred in The New England Patriots, which is also a Super Bowl XLVIII.
The current head coach is John Fox. He's a great player.
I like basketball. What sports do you like?
I don't know Curry too much about basketball but I think Curry was a great player too.
Yes! Andrés Iniesta is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Barcelona and the Spain national team.
I'm not sure, but I know he was born in Rio de Janeiro.
Yes it is the home stadium.
Wrinkle in Time is written by Madeleine L'Engle and it's a Young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
It is a Speculative Fiction book. Do you like that genre?
I would recommend Xenocide if you like science fiction.
Yes it was written by Robert O'Brien. Enjoy!
I've never heard of him. Is he a singer?
I don't know a lot about it, but Bruno Mars is a great performer. Do you like his music?
No I haven't. What is the genre of this film?
Jules Feiffer wrote The Phantom Tollbooth which is a Speculative fiction novel.
The Phantom Tollbooth is a Fiction/Fantasy novel, have you heard of it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
You are welcome, have a great day.
I know he was born in Atlanta and plays quarterback. Are you a fan?
The Wildcats is written by John Grisham. It is about football, do you like football?
What a great movie! Did you know Woody also starred in True Romance?
Yes, Jean-Pierre Jeunet wrote A Very Long Engagement and Micmacs.
Micmacs is a French Crime Fiction Film, have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it is a thriller starring William H Macy.
You are welcome.
It's written by Jay Asher and it's in the genre of young adult fiction.
He has also written The Future of Us and The Future of Us. Have you read those?
I do, both of these are young-adult fiction. I am sure you will enjoy them.
I don't have that information, sorry. I do know he will enjoy it.
It's written by Emma McEmma. It's a great book. It was released in 1989.
Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility are some of her books. Have you read those?
I don't know, but Jane Austen also wrote Lady Susan. Have you read that one?
No problem, enjoy!
Tony Gilroy wrote Michael Clayton. Did you know he is a director?
I would recommend X-Men 2 starring Tilda Swinton. Have you seen that one?
The Red Violin stars Tilda Swinton and Michael Clayton which is a mystery film. Do you like mystery films?
Sure, I will do. Is there anything else I can help with?
