Do you like the movie RED because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
It's a great movie. It's based on a novel. Do you like Romance movies?
The Hitman's Bodyguard and Spy are also in the same genre.
Yes, The Hitman's Bodyguard is a Sci-Fi movie and it is a action movie.
I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, M.L Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans and The Light Between Oceans
She wrote The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian. Have you heard of it?
It was released in 2011
Glad I could help
Yes, there's Something About Mary was written by John Green and is a speculative fiction
Sarah Silverman also starred in The Wedding Date, which is a drama.
I am not sure who else starred in that movie, but I can tell you it is a comic.
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her work?
Sarah Dessen is a writer, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author
Yes she did. The Moon and More was also written by Sarah Dessen.
I hope you enjoy Dreamland.
Sure! Don Cheadle starred in Wildwood Dancing, Wildwood Dancing, and Wildwood Dancing. Have you seen any of those?
It's a drama. Do you like those kinds of movies?
The Guard is a comedy starring Don Cheadle. Do you like comedies starring Don Cheadle?
I hope you enjoy it!
Ravichandran Ashwin is a cricket player. Do you like cricket?
He is currently playing for the Mumbai Indians.
I don't have any information on that team, but I can tell you he is from India.
Yes, he directed a lot of great films. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Yes, it was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like his work?
You're welcome!
Okay, enjoy!
I think he's a good basketball player but I don't know much about him. Are you a fan of his?
Yes, Steph Curry is a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
I don't know much about basketball but I do know Steph Curry is a basketball player.
I'm not sure about that. Is there anything else I can help with?
I am not a big fan of the sport but I do know they are coached by Kevin Durant.
Sure! Hot Fuzz is starring Matt Damon and is a sci-fi film. Do you like sci-fi?
Yes, he was in Star Trek and Shaun of the Dead is starring Simon Pegg. Have you seen it?
It was released in 2005 and is a science fiction film.
You're welcome!
Frank Finlay starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen that one?
Wild Geese is a Romance movie. Do you like Romance movies?
You're very welcome!
Yes, I like the movie The Game. It was written by Steven Spielberg. Do you like him?
Yes, I like thrillers like The Pledge. Have you seen it?
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
I'll add it now.
You're welcome.
He directed 3 Days to Kill and This Means War. Have you seen those?
We Are Marshall was written by Stephen Fry. He also wrote The Means War. Have you seen it?
Brian Geragtly starred in a few of his movies. Would you like to hear more about this?
Okay, have a good day!
Yes, it is a horror film. Do you like horror films?
You're welcome.
Yes, it was written by Thomas Christensen and was released in 1989.
I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
William Friedkin directed a lot of movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Yes, he was in The Hunted and The French Connection. Have you seen those?
The Devil and Father Amorth is a Crime Fiction Film starring Tom Hanks.
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
Have you read the Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald?
The Surgeon is written by Steven Spielberg. Do you like his work?
Do you like the clockwork princess because it is a thriller?
Yes, Cassandra Clare also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex. Have you read that one?
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Yes, Unforgiven was written by Steven Spielberg. He also directed Unforgiven 2.
They are both Sci-Fi movies. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Blade Runner was directed by David Peoples.
Sure! Josh Hutcherson has starred in The Matrix series, The Matrix Revolutions, and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, he also starred in The Hunger Games Triology. Have you seen it?
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I love Madonna's music. Did you know she was a singer?
RocknRolla is a young adult rock film. It was filmed in the 1980s.
I'm not sure about that, but I do know he is a celebrity friend of Madonna's work.
Isn't he a cricket player?
Yes he did play for the Super Kings.
You're welcome!
Do you like Amy Poehler because she is a writer or author?
what else can i answer today?
Mean Girls is starring Lorne Michaels. what else can i answer for you?
Tina Fey has written Tina Fey. anything else i can answer today?
Arsenal is a sports team. Do you like sports teams?
I am not familiar with the Dodgers but I know they are part of the National Football League.
You're welcome!
He directed a lot of great movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Jane Adams also starred in The Wackness which is a comedy.
Yes it was released in 2012.
You are welcome
Sure! He starred in Taken and Taken. Have you seen those?
Liam Neeson starred in Taken 3 along with Liam Neeson
Taken 2 is starring Liam Neeson and Liam Neeson
Enjoy!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Bill Bidwill.
I am not sure about that, but Mike McCarthy is a Packers owner who is not overrated.
I agree. Aaron Rodgers is a great player.
Do you like Iron Man because it is a sci-fi movie?
Yes, Peter Gallagher wrote The Assassination of Jesse James. Have you seen it?
Yes, Tate Donovan was in The O.C., While You Were Sleeping and The O.C. is a great movie.
I'm not sure about that, but I do know that George Clooney is a writer and actor.
You're welcome!
Do you like the author Dean Koontz?
Trunk Music is written by Dan Brown. It's a Thriller.
Jonathan Kellerman also wrote The Secret Agent: A Memoir. Have you heard of it?
Do you like Treasure Island because it is a mystery or because it is a mystery?
Then you might like Treasure Island. It's a fiction.
You are welcome
I love Nikki Minaj. She's a great singer, singer, and actress.
I don't know a lot about her music but I do know she is a singer/songwriter.
I don't know any similar musicians but I do know that David Guetta is a musician.
Sure, Something Borrowed is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
That's right. Emily Griffin also wrote Where We Belong.
If you like thrillers, you might also like Shark Night. It is a thriller.
You're welcome!
Judd Apatow wrote a lot of thrillers. Do you like thrillers?
Groundhog Day was written by Steven Spielberg and produced by Steven Spielberg. Do you like Steven Spielberg?
I'm not sure if he was in a movie, but Harold Ramis also starred in a movie called X-Men Origins.
I'm not sure if he directed any other films, but Harold Ramis also directed The Assassin's Blade. Have you seen that one?
It's a horror film. It's about a young man who wants to stay with his family.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he is a composer and composer. Do you like his music?
Yes, he was in The Disco
Yes, he is a great songwriter
Yes, he is a great singer
Do you like that book because it is a drama?
I haven't seen it but I do know it is starring Ben Stiller and Matt Dillion.
It is a Romantic Comedy starring Willie Garson.
Mary Ann Shaffer wrote The Silence of the Lambs. Have you read that one?
Both books are written in English and are in English.
You're very welcome!
Great. Have a great day!
Do you like books written by George Orwell or books by George Orwell?
Yes, Animal Farm is a Fairy Story is also a book written by George Orwell.
Yes, she's a great singer. Did you know she was a musician?
The Temple of My Familiar was released in 1960
The genre is fiction
Your welcome
Oldboy is a Drama/Mystery movie. Do you like that genre?
Have you seen X-Men Origins: Wolverine or War of the Worlds?
Lady Vengeance is starring Katharine McPhee and Jane Austen.
She's starred in a lot of thriller movies. I'm not sure if Kim Yoo Jung is in any other thriller movies.
You're welcome.
Ang Lee is a great actor. Have you seen him in a movie or seen it?
He produced a few films, such as X-Men: Days of Future Past, and X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen any of those?
Sure! Woody Allen wrote, directed, and produced, and directed, and produced, and directed, and produced, and directed, and produced, and directed, and produced. Have you seen any of those?
Zsa Zsa Gabor is an American novelist, critic, critic, critic, critic, and author.
Touch of Evil is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Jurassic Park is written by Steven Spielberg. Do you like his work?
Yes, it was a Jurassic Park movie. Do you like Jurassic Park movies?
Yes, he directed Jurassic World. He also directed Jurassic World 3.
Rickie Fowler is a professional golfer born in Murrieta.
I don't know much about Rickie Fowler, but I do know Rickie Fowler plays golf.
I agree, Happy Gilmore is a great movie. It stars Jennifer Jason Leigh. Do you like that one?
Do you like books written by J.K. Rowling?
Then you might like The Hobbit. It is a fantasy. It is also a fantasy.
Yes, The Silmarillion is a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy?
Yes, Wes Craven is a writer, director, and director. He is best known for his movies, Where the Wild Things Are. Have you seen it?
If you like Horror, you might want to check out My Soul to Take. It is also a Horror film.
Yes, Joshua Leonard also starred in The Last Stand, which is a horror film.
The Lost World: Jurassic Park is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
Have you seen The Lost World: Jurassic Park? It's a sci-fi film.
If you like X-Men, you might want to check out Zombieland or Zombieland.
Sure! Bob Peck has starred in a number of films, including X-Men Origins: Wolverine, X-Men: Days of Future Past and X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen any of those?
Surviving Picasso is a British film based on the English language.
I don't have any other information on Joss Ackland but I can tell you he also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
The Little Prince is a drama film.
You're welcome!
He's a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
Yes, he was in Stuck on You. He is a great actor.
That's a good one. I'll have to check it out, thanks for the recommendation.
Yes, I like Die Hard with a Vengeance. Are you a fan of thrillers?
If you like Bruce Willis films, you might also like The Hunger Games. Have you seen that one?
Yes he did and it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes they are. I hope you enjoy them.
Yes, Alien is written by Steven Spielberg. Do you like his work?
If you like horror movies, you might also like Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee. It's a horror movie.
Bats is a series of horror movies. It's based on a series of horror movies.
You're welcome!
Sure! David Lynch directed The Good Doctor, The Bad Doctor, and The Bad Doctor. Have you seen any of those?
Then you might also like Zombieland, which is a sci-fi movie.
Yes, she did. Saw III is a sci-fi movie.
I hope you enjoy them!
Sure! Alice Braga starred in a number of movies. Would you like to know more about that?
Robert Duvall wrote Repo Men. Are you familiar with his work?
Eric Garcia is a great writer. He wrote a lot of thrillers, such as X-Men: Days of Future Past and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Sure! Brett Helquist is a writer, author, author, and author. He wrote The Matrix Revolutions, The Matrix Revolutions, and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you read those?
The End is a novel written by Brett Helquist and is a fantasy novel
Sure, he is a writer, author and author from the United States of America.
I do like him. Did you know he was a singer/songwriter?
Yes, he has a son named Justin Timberlake in the series of movies.
No I have not. Is there anything else I can help with?
You got it! Enjoy!
Yes, he's a great actor. He's starred in a lot of movies. Have you seen them?
Windtalkers is a drama. Do you like those kinds of movies?
I'm not sure who starred in Windtalkers, but I do know Noah Emmerich starred in it.
I hope you enjoy it!
I think he's a good athlete. Did you know he plays for the Argentina national football team?
I don't play football but I do enjoy watching American Football. What about you?
I don't have that information right now. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Harry Potter and the cursed child part of the series is written by Jack London.
Harry Potter and the cursed child part of the Harry Potter series, have you seen it?
I don't know much about them but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver.
Yes, they are in the National Football League. Do you like hockey?
Yes, they are part of the AFC West. Do you like them?
Sure! Eoin Colfer wrote The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you heard of it?
Yes, it was released in 2008.
Yes, The Six Wives of Henry VIII is a great read
I do. Did you know that he is a singer?
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you he's a great singer.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on any of his songs. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Kyrie Irving is a basketball player who plays point guard. Do you like basketball?
I don't have any information on that, but I can tell you that Kyrie Irving won the NBA All Rookie Team of the Year award.
I'm not sure about that, but I do know they were runner ups in Super Bowl XLVII.
Sure! Christopher Nolan directed The Dark Knight Rises, The Dark Knight Rises, and The Dark Knight Rises.
Yes, he is a writer and author. Do you like his work?
Yes, рестуление и накаание was written in English.
рестуление и накаание was released in 1866.
Glad I could help!
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a children's literature written by Oz. Do you like children's literature?
Then you might like Wizard of Oz or Wizard of Oz. They are both fantasy books.
Yes, I would recommend The Looking Glass Wars, which is a fantasy film.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he plays for the Germany national football team. Do you like football?
I don't know much about him but I do know he is from Germany.
Yes, Yuvan Shankarkar Raja is also a player on the team.
Yes, I do. Did you know it was written by John Scalzi and is a thriller?
Sure! Do you like books written by Cornish or children's literature?
Sarah J Maas wrote A Corn of Thorns and Roses. She also wrote A Corn of Thorns and Roses.
I'm not sure, but Sarah J Maas also wrote A Corn of Thorns and Roses.
I hope you enjoy them!
Sure, he directed The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen that one?
That's right. DiCaprio is starring Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet was released in 2012.
Titanic was released in 2004.
Glad I could help
Yes, I like Madame Bovary. It is a romance novel. Do you like romance?
Then you might also like The Other Bovary, which is a romance novel.
Yes, it is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Do you like books written by Suzanne Collins? She wrote The Princess and the Frog.
I like Venus Williams better than Venus Williams. Do you like Venus Williams?
I'm not sure if they were better than Venus Williams but I do know they are both tennis players.
I'm not sure if she is a female tennis player but I do know Venus was born in London
She is a Korean professional golfer born in Hawaii.
Yes, Michelle Wie is a golfer born in Hawaii. She won the 2005 PGA Championship.
Michelle Wie is also a golfer from Hawaii.
Sylvia Day wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
Reflected in You and One With You is a novel.
I don't have any similar novels, but Sylvia Day also wrote The Other Boleyn Girl, have you read it?
Sure! Margaret Atwood wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex, which is speculative fiction. Have you read it?
The Handmaid Tale is considered a historical novel.
Glad I could help!
I'm not sure if it's a good read but it's a dystopian fiction.
I don't know much about him but I do know he is a football player. Do you like soccer?
It's a thriller that was released in 2002.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
Do you like the book because it is a fantasy or because it is a fantasy?
Tahereh Mafi has written a lot of books. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
I'm sorry I don't have any information on that.
The World of Ice and Fire was written by Anne Hathaway. It is a young-adult fiction.
If you like fantasy novels, you might like The Looking Glass Wars. It is also a fantasy novel.
Glad I could help!
Yes, Wally Lamb wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
We Are Water was published in 2003 and is in English.
You're welcome!
Sure! Marc Forster directed a number of great movies, including The Good Doctor, The Bad Doctor and The Bad Doctor. Have you seen any of those?
Machine Gun Preacher is a science fiction film.
Robert De Niro is starring in Neverland.
Neverland was released in 2011
Of course!
You are welcome.
Yes, John Knowles wrote A separate Peace. Have you read it?
It is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Un Lun Dun is a book similar to Un Lun Dun.
You're welcome
Do you like Emma because it is speculative fiction?
Jane Austen is also a writer. Other authors include Anne Hathaway, Anne Hathaway and Anne Hathaway.
Yes. Other historical dramas include Wuthering Heights, Xenocide, and Xenocide.
Jane Austen wrote Wuthering Heights and Wuthering Heights.
The Giver is a Speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
If you like young adult fiction, you might want to try Wildwood Dancing or Wildwood Dancing.
You're welcome.
Do you like Fight Club because it is a thriller?
Sure! Straw Dogs is in the genre of Thriller.
You're welcome!
Do you like Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix because it is a fantasy?
If you like fantasy movies, you might also like Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix by JK Rowling.
You're welcome.
Mindy Kaling wrote a number of books, including Thir13en Ghosts, Thir13en Ghosts, and Thir13en Ghosts.
Sure, Why Not Me is written by Mindy Kaling and released in 2011.
It's a drama. Do you like those kinds of books?
Glad I could help!
Sure. He wrote мерт ивана илиа and мерт вана илиа.
нна аренина is written by Aylmer Maude. Anna Karenina also wrote нна аренина.
You're welcome.
Sure! Cathereine Hardwicke is a writer, author, and author.
The movie starred Robert De Niro. Are you a fan of his work?
I don't have any information on any other movies she directed, but I can tell you it is a thriller.
Yes, he is a soccer player who plays for Manchester United F.C.
I don't know much about him except that he plays for the Manchester United F.C.
Yes, he is a top tier player as well.
I like Hurt Locker because it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Ralph Fiennes was in the English Patient. Did you know he was also a musician?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Juliette Binoche also starred in a historical period drama called The Goodbye Girl.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Where'd You Go, Bernadette is written by Maria Semple.
Yes, I Heart Huckabees was written by Maria Semple. Maria Semple was also a writer as well.
I'll add it to your library.
Sure, if you like books written by Kate Kate, you may want to try The Wedding.
Torment is a young-adult fiction novel written by Kate Kate. It was released in 1847.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Lewis Carroll is a driver and he is a driver. He is a driver and he is a driver.
I don't have any information on that movie, but Johnny Depp starred in Alice in Wonderland.
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland is a great children's movie. Have you seen it yet?
You're welcome!
I'm sure you will enjoy it!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by David Platt.
I don't have any information on any of their current players, but I do know they were coached by David Platt
You're welcome!
Sure! She has written a number of books, including Thir13en Ghosts, Thir13en Ghosts, Thir13en Ghosts, Thir13en Ghosts, and Thir13en Ghosts.
Then you might like The Hunger Games. It's a thriller.
Vanishing Girls is a Thriller.
You're welcome.
Sure! David Silverman directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen it?
The Simpsons Movie was written by David Silverman. It is a Sci-Fi movie.
Yes, the same team is based on the television series.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him but I do know he plays for the Mumbai Indians.
I am not a fan of the sport but I do like to watch it.
I'm not sure if he was a author, but I know he was a writer.
Yes, I like the Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King.
Orlando Bloom starred in the fantasy genre of The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King
Great, hope you enjoy it!
Yes, The Death Cure is a young adult fiction book written by James Dashner
The Death Cure is written by Rick Riordan
Yes, When You Reach Me is a young adult fiction novel written by James Dashner.
Sure, Kraus wrote The Nanny Diaries. Have you heard of it?
Do you like the author Emma MdLaughlin or the genre of it?
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is written by J.K. Rowling.
Yes, he does. He is a TV show performer as well as a TV show.
I'm not sure if he starred in a TV show, but I can tell you that Michael McElhatton is in a TV show called The Hunger Games.
Yes, he's a great actor. He's starred in a lot of movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Sure! Quentin Tarantino has starred in a number of movies, such as Zombieland, Zombieland, and Zombieland. Have you seen any of those?
Sure, Grindhouse is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Death Proof is a horror film. Do you like horror films?
I hope you enjoy it!
Katy Perry is a great singer, singer, singer, and singer.
John Carpenter is a great director. He directed The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen it?
Yes, he also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
Robert De Niro was also in that one as well.
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom and Orlando Bloom. Do you like fantasy?
If you like thrillers, you should check out Shark Night. It is a thriller.
I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about Venus Williams but I do know Venus Williams is a tennis player.
I am not sure about Serena but Venus Williams is arguably the best player of all time.
I'm not sure about that, but I do know Venus Williams is a tennis player.
I don't know much about him. I know he plays for the Colombia national football team
I don't think so. He is a midfielder.
I don't follow American Football but I do like American Football.
Home Alone is a family film. Do you like family films?
Sure, it is a comedy that was made into a movie. The sequel is Home Alone. Have you seen it?
The Breakfast Club was released in 2005
You are welcome
I do! He's a great singer. Do you like his music?
I agree. He is a great artist. He is a musician, musician, and musician.
I haven't heard it, but I do know she is a singer.
Do you like Shawshank Redemption because it is a thriller?
He is a great actor. He also starred in The Mist which is a Thriller.
You are welcome.
Are you looking for other books written by Alice's Adventures in Wonderland because it is a children's literature?
Yes, it is. Lewis Carroll also wrote Through the Looking-Glass.
Yes, she wrote Through the Looking-Glass.
I do! He starred in The Transporter Refueled and Deadpool.
Yes, Radivoje Bukvic is also in The Transporter Refueled. Have you seen it?
It's a drama. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that one.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a treasure hunting movie. Do you like treasure hunting?
Do you like treasure hunting because it is a thriller?
The Last Crusade is written by Marion ravenwood
Rohit Sharma is an Indian international cricketer. Are you a fan?
Well, Rohit Sharma is an Athlete who plays cricket for the Mumbai Indians.
Yes, Rohit Sharma is still playing for the Mumbai Indians.
I am not sure, but Rohit Sharma is from Nagpur.
Sure, Aldous Huxley wrote The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell. Have you read it?
The first one was published in 1851.
Yes, Jim Morrison is the band name of The Doors of Perception and Brave New World.
Atonement is written by Neil Gaiman. He is a scientist and author.
Yes, Christopher Hampton also wrote Insurgent and The Son of Neptune. Have you read either of those?
The Quiet American is a science fiction film.
Without Remorse is a thriller movie.
You're welcome!
2012 is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
The Thirteenth Floor is a thriller
The Thirteenth Floor starred Brad William Henke
Do you like Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone because it is a fantasy?
Did you like The Help because it is a drama?
Yes, The Rocker is a Romance film. Have you seen it yet?
Yes, he was in that one as well.
Yes, Lady Gaga is a singer-songwriter and songwriter.
I haven't seen it but I've seen it. It's a great movie.
Yes, The Client is written by David Fincher.
The Client is a thriller, do you like thrillers?
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a good one, have you heard of it?
You're welcome!
I love Sergio Agüero. He's a great football player. Do you like football?
I know he is a Brazilian professional footballer
Football is my favorite sport
I like baseball too
Who is your favorite Packer player?
I don't know much about them but I do know they are coached by David Platt
I don't know much about soccer, but I do know that David Platt is a former coach.
I don't know much about soccer, but I do know they are coached by David Platt.
Do you like the Time Traveler's Wife because it is a Speculative fiction?
Violets Are Blue is a mystery novel.
You are welcome.
Have a great day!
Pride and Prejudice is written by Jane Austen. Do you like books by Jane Austen?
It was written by Jane Austen
Yes, Mariner wrote The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York.
Have you read any of his books?
It is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
Yes, she wrote Call Me Maybe. Did you know she is a singer/songwriter?
No, I didn't know she was on that show, did you know that?
I agree, it is a catchy song. Did you know she was a singer?
Yes, I can tell you that Alejandro Amenábar directed The World According to Garp. Have you seen it?
The Others stars Jennifer Jason Leigh and Kevin Costner.
You're welcome!
Do you like him because he wrote Madame Bovary?
Madame Bovary is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Sure, another romance novel you might enjoy is Madame Bovary, which was released in 1856.
Malcolm Bowie is a great author. He has written a lot of books, including A Christmas Carol, A Christmas Carol, and A Christmas Carol. Have you read any of those?
Madame Bovary is also a novel written in English.
Madame Bovary is a romance novel.
Madame Bovary is a novel. It's a fiction book.
I hope you enjoy them!
Do you like Tom Clancy because it is a thriller?
Joseph Conrad wrote The Secret Agent: A Simple Tale. Have you read it?
Yes, The Secret Agent: A Simple Tale is a novel.
Nostromo: a Tale of the Seaboard was released in 2009.
Yes, he wrote The Road to El Dorado. Have you heard of it?
Have you heard of Xenocide? It is a Romance.
Your Heart Belongs to Me is written by John Green
Your Heart Belongs to Me was released in 2011.
You're welcome!
Jane Eyre is a novel written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
He also wrote Jane Eyre. Have you read that one?
Yes, Jane Eyre was adapted from the 2008 Summer olympics.
Glad I could help!
It was written by Malala: The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and was Shot by the Taliban was written by the Taliban
I don't have any other pieces of work by Lamb, but I can tell you that it was a book that was written by the Taliban.
Veronika is a drama. Do you like drama?
I don't have any information on Coelho but I do know he is a writer.
Kyrie Irving is a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
I like basketball. I am a Bulls fan. Who is your favorite player?
I like Lakers. Who is your favorite Lakers player?
O Alquimista was written by Alan R. Clarke and was released in 1988.
Paulo Coelho also wrote The Alchemist which is in English. Have you read it?
I'm sure you will enjoy it!
Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood is a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Rebecca Wells is a great author. She has written a few books, such as Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Wells also wrote a great author who wrote many books,
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Kami Garcia wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Redemption. Have you read either of these?
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome.
Sarah J Maas is a writer, author, author, author, author, author, and author.
Sarah J Maas wrote Throne of Glass and the assassin's Blade.
I hope you enjoy it!
Hope you enjoy it!
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a science fiction novel written by John Green. Do you like science fiction?
Kodi Smit-McPhee also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Dead Europe is an action film. Do you like action films?
You're welcome!
Artificial Intelligence is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
There is a good one called Artificial Intelligence have you seen it yet?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! This Is The End is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, it is a Psychological Thriller and a comedy.
I'm not sure who else is in Whatever It Takes, but Evan Goldberg also starred in it as well.
Do you like Cold Mountain because it is a thriller?
Charles Frazier has also written a book called Calling. Have you heard of it?
Thirteen Moons is a science fiction novel. Do you like science fiction?
Of course!
The Dallas Cowboys are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
Jerry Jones starred in The Cowboys. Have you seen that one?
Oh yeah, Zach Galifianakis is a reality show. Do you like reality shows?
Sure, do you like Bruce Almighty because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
It's a Sci-Fi movie starring Steve Carell and Evan Almighty. It's a sci-fi movie.
It's a war film that also starred Evan Almighty.
Sure! Josh Hutcherson is an actor who starred in The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen it?
Yes, Zathura: A Space Adventure Genre is a Sci-Fi movie.
She's been in a lot of movies. She's been in a lot of movies. Would you like to know about any of them?
It's a Sci-Fi movie.
You're welcome.
Do you like Pulp Fiction because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Quentin Tarantino also wrote X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Tina Fey wrote Tina Fey, which is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he was. Do you like Kite Runner because it is a thriller?
Sure, Tate Taylor directed a number of movies, including X-Men: Days of Future Past, and X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen any of those?
Cicely Tyson starred in The Help and Get on Up. Have you seen it?
Yes, she was in that movie as well as The Women of Brewster Place.
You're welcome!
Inception was written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Prestige.
The Dark Knight is directed by Christopher Nolan
Do you like Star Wars because it's a Sci-Fi or because it's a Sci-Fi?
Indiana Jones starred in the movie Indiana Jones. It is a Thriller.
It's a drama. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Sure! Do you like fiction books?
Paula McLain also wrote The Paris Wife. Have you read it?
Circling the Sun is a novel that was made into a movie.
I'm not sure about that, but it's a fiction novel.
You're welcome!
Sure! Lea Thompson starred in The Matrix and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen either of those?
She has starred in a few children's films, such as The Wild Life, The Little Rascals, and The Wild Life. Have you seen any of those?
That's a good one, it's a great movie.
John Milius also wrote A Christmas Carol, which is a comedy. Have you seen it?
Great! I hope you enjoy them!
I do. Did you know it was written by Francis Ford Coppola?
I don't have that information, but Francis Ford Coppola starred in The Godfather. Did you know that?
Yes, he also directed The Godfather.
Do you like Gustave Flaubert because it is a speculative fiction?
Yes, you might also like Gustave Flaubert's work, it is a Romance novel.
Yes, it was written by Gustave Flaubert and was released in 2004.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
I know that Stieg Larsson is a singer, songwriter, and songwriter. Are you a fan?
Kristin Cashore wrote Graceling, Fire, and Bitterblue.
Sure. Kristin Cashore wrote Graceling, Fire, and Fire. Have you read any of these?
Sure. Margery Williams Bianco is also a writer and author.
Sure. Other books in the genre of children's literature include The Book of Elisabeth, The Book of Elisabeth, and The Book of Elisabeth.
The Giver is written by Philip Pullman.
He is a quarterback for the Green Bay Packers. Do you like him?
I do like to watch football. What about you?
I haven't been to a long time but I haven't been to a long time but haven't heard of him.
I'm not sure, but it was a great year for the Bills.
Yes, The Lost Hero is written by Rick Riordan. Are you interested in this book?
The Lost Hero is speculative fiction
Yes,It is written by Rick Riordon
You are welcome
Dan Scanlon starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen that one?
Steve Buscemi also starred in Monster's Adventures in Wonderland.
You're welcome!
Yes, Niccol Machiavelli wrote  [Z no shmetsu no shmetsu].
The Prince is speculative fiction.
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People is written by Niccolo Machiavelli.
Yes, he's a singer-songwriter. Do you like his music?
I'm not sure, but I do know that Enrique Iglesias is a Brazilian artist.
I think you will enjoy his music.
In Cold Blood was written by Truman Capote. Would you like to hear more about this author?
Then you might also like Truman Capote's book, called In Cold Blood. Have you read it?
You're welcome!
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Lacks.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is a biography and also a biography. Do you like that genre?
Walk the Line is written by Rebecca Wells and is a biography.
The Long Hard Road Out of Hell is a novel written by John Scalzi and is a historical novel.
She's a great singer. I like her music. What about you?
I agree. I like Taylor Swift too. She's a great singer.
I agree. Shakira is a talented singer.
Sure! Caroline Goodall starred in a number of films, including The Princess Diaries, The Princess Diaries, and The Virgin Suicides. Have you seen any of those?
White Squall is a Thriller. White Squall is an action film. Do you like action films?
Coming of Age is a horror film. Do you like horror films?
Yes Whale Rider is a whale film. It is a drama film.
You are very welcome!
Charles Dickens wrote a few books, but if you like his writing style, I would recommend The Crucible. Have you read them?
The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club is written by Charles Dickens.
I don't have any information on that, but I can tell you that he was influenced by Charles Dickens.
I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, John Grogan wrote The Warrior's Way and The Last Samurai. Have you heard of those?
Yes, Marley & Me is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Do you like Scream because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Yes, I am a fan of horror movies. Do you like horror movies?
It's a horror movie that also stars Johnny Depp. Do you like horror movies?
Yes, Sylvester Stallone directed The Expendables 2 and The Expendables 2. Have you seen those?
Yes, Randy Couture starred in The Expendables. Did you know Sylvester Stallone was also a director?
Robert De Niro is also in Redbelt. Have you seen it?
Are you looking for other books written by Cassandra Clare?
City of Bones is a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy books?
If you like fantasy, you'll like The Looking Glass Wars by Cassandra Clare.
Do you like Pulp Fiction because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Royal Kill stars Robert De Niro and Robert De Niro. Do you like thrillers?
Ma Long is a table tennis player from China. Do you like table tennis?
I don't know much about him but I know he is a table tennis player.
Yes, I like Michael Phelps. He is a great athlete.
You're welcome!
Yes, Bobby Farrelly is an actor who starred in The Fault in Our Stars.
Stuck on You is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I don't have any information on that one but I can tell you it was written by Bobby Farrelly.
Rob Cohen directed The Skulls. Have you seen it?
I do not have that information but I can tell you it was directed by Paul Walker and released in 2012.
You're welcome.
I know they are a German football team based in Munich. Do you like soccer?
It is coached by Louis van Gaal
Yes, he is
I don't know much about him but I do know he is a musician.
I am not sure, but I do know AB de Villiers is from Johannesburg.
Sure. Clint Eastwood directed The Thriller, The Lost Symbol, and The Lost Symbol. Have you seen any of those?
The movie is starring Tommy Lee Jones Greta
Glad I could help!
Sure! Florian Henckel starred in Taken and Taken. Have you seen either of those?
The Tourist is a drama. Do you like dramas?
I am not sure who starred in this movie but I do know it is a thriller.
I am not sure, but I do know it was released in 2004.
The Tourist was written by Steven Spielberg. He is a great writer.
I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about basketball but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like basketball?
I agree. He's a great point guard in his time.
I agree, he's a great player. He's also a point guard.
Jane Eyre wrote Jane Eyre. Have you read it?
Jane Eyre is actually a Romance novel
Have you read any of his other books, such as The Time Machine?
I do! He's a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics.
Basketball is my favorite sport. What about you?
No, I didn't know he is Canadian.
Yes, John Boyne wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read that?
The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas is a drama.
You're welcome.
Yes, it was written by Million Little Pieces. It is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
The authoi is a novel written by James Frey and has genre Speculative fiction.
Yes, he also directed A Million Little Pieces. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Richard Andrews wrote The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark
Yes, it was released in 1600
Yes. The Winter's Tale is a series.
Sure. Anything else I can help you with?
I know he plays for the Germany national football team.
Yes, Thomas Muller is also a midfielder on the team as well.
Not really, but I like American Football. What about you?
Yes, he is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Basel is located in Switzerland. Do you like tennis?
I do! She is a singer, song writer, singer, and song writer.
No I didn't know she won the Pulitzer Prize for Best Video.
I'm not sure about that, but I do know that she won the Bravo Award for Best Actress of the Year
Do you like Jaws because it is a sci-fi or because it is a sci-fi?
Yes, he was. He was in the movie Jaws 2 as well.
Glad I could help!
Isabelle Nanty starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie
Amelie is written by Frances Mayes.
Amelie is a romance film. Do you like romance films?
Yes, rob cohen wrote The Assassination of Jesse James. Have you seen it?
The skulls is a drama film
The skulls is written by Robert Cohen and is a thriller.
It is a Suspense starring Craig T. Nelson, have you seen it?
I don't have any information on that but I can tell you it is a Suspense film.
You are welcome.
Yes, they are a professional football team based in Tampa, Florida. Do you like football?
I don't know much about the Buccaneers but I do know they are in the National Football League.
I like football. I'm a huge fan of the San Francisco 49ers.
I like Linkin Park because it is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like Romantic Comedy?
Somewhere I Belong is a song written by Joe Hahn. Did you know Joe Hahn is also a musician?
Somewhere I Belong is a rock rock band. Do you like rock?
I don't know much about football, but I do like the Philadelphia Eagles. Who is your favorite player?
They were runner ups in Super Bowl XXXIX. They were runner ups in Super Bowl XXXXIX, and won the Super Bowl XXXXIX.
They won the Super Bowl XXXII, and the Patriots won the Super Bowl XXXII.
In Cold Blood was written by Truman Capote. Would you like to hear about other books by Truman Capote?
Then you might also like Truman Capote, which is written by Truman Capote.
Yes, it was based on a true story.
Did you like it because it is a fantasy?
Yes, it is. It is a fantasy movie.
Sure. You might also like Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee
I don't know much about them but I do know they are owned by Steve Tisch and owned by Steve Tisch.
I'm not a big fan of basketball. I'm more of a basketball fan. What about you?
I like basketball. Who is your favorite player?
The Book of Eli is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like his movies?
Sure, Mila Kunis is an American film producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer
Ted starred in it as well. It's a drama.
You're welcome!
Sure, he has starred in a number of movies, such as The Road to El Dorado, The Road to El Dorado and The Road to El Dorado. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, Robin Williams was also in The Birdcage. Have you seen it?
I don't have that information, but I do know it was released in 2005.
Yes, I do like the Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End. Do you like the Pirates of the Caribbean?
Yes, he was. He was also in The Golden Compass.
If you like thrillers, you should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
Do you like X-Men Origins because it is a sci-fi movie?
Sure, he was also in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen it?
Waiting is a great movie, also starring Ryan Reynolds. Do you like Ryan Reynolds?
You're welcome!
True Grit is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
He also starred in True Grit. Have you seen it?
He's a great actor. He's been in a lot of movies. I'm not sure if he's been in any of them, but he's a great actor. He's been in a lot of movies. I'm not sure if they're action movies.
You're very welcome!
Boyhood is directed by John Boyne. Do you like his work?
Yes, he also directed The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate.
Confused was released in 2014. Do you like Mystery movies?
You're welcome!
King Kong is a sci-fi thriller. Do you like sci-fi?
It's a drama. Do you like those kinds of movies?
If you like science fiction, you might also like World War Z and World War Z. Have you heard of those?
I'm not sure if it's a good one, but it's a great sci-fi movie.
I don't know much about them but I do know they are a sports team based in New Orleans
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't know much about them. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure! Evan Goldberg directed a number of movies, including The Hangover Part II and The Hangover Part II. Have you seen either of those?
The End starred Seth Rogen and Seth Rogen. Seth Rogen also directed The Interview.
Yes, Channing Tatum starred in it as well.
Channing Tatum also starred in The Golden Compass. Have you seen it?
Yes, Coach Carter also starred Robert De Niro and Kevin Costner.
You're welcome!
The Silence of the Lambs is written by Steven Spielberg. Do you like Steven Spielberg?
Ralph Fiennes also starred in The Silence of the Lambs. Have you seen it?
You are welcome.
You might also like Shark Night, which is a thriller.
She starred in The Lion King. Have you seen that one?
I would recommend The Lion King, which was written by Irene Mecchi
You're welcome!
Yes, Hancock is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
Will Smith also starred in The Hunger Games. Have you seen that one?
Shia LaBeouf is a science fiction film.
Okay, enjoy!
Yes, he is a soccer player from Manchester United F.C.
I don't follow football much, but I do know Fabio Capello is a midfielder.
Not really, but I do know Fabria Capello is from London.
Yes, Christmas is a family movie. Have you seen it yet?
I don't know much about them except they are a K-Pop boy band.
They are from South Korea and they are from South Korea. They are from South Korea and they are from South Korea.
I'm not sure if they started in Seoul, but they're a great place to visit.
Sure, Jason Flemyng starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
The movie also stars Jason Flemyng and was released in 2012.
You're welcome.
You're welcome!
Sure! Marion Wiesel wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign.
Un di Velt Hot Geshvign is a speculative fiction.
You're welcome.
Sure! Do you like the movie because it is a drama?
The Wolverine is starring Scarlett Johansson and Hugh Jackman
You're welcome.
Yes, Alejandro Amenábar is an athlete who plays for the Argentina national football team. Do you like football?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you he was a composer who is also a musician.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
I don't have that information right now, but I can tell you Ziggy Marley was also a producer.
Sure! Epatha Merkerson starred in a number of films. Would you like to know more about that?
The Six Wives of Henry Lefay is a drama.
There is a sequel to The Six Wives of Henry Lefay which is a drama.
Steven D. Levitt is a writer, director, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter and screenwriter. Do you like his work?
Stephen J. Dubner is a writer and author. Have you read any of his books?
No, I haven't read any of his books but I do know he is a writer and author.
Stephen J. Dubner is a great author. I think you will enjoy it.
Sure! Edgar Wright wrote The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby.
Yes it is science fiction. Do you like science fiction?
Yes, Ben Feldman was in it as well. Did you know he was a writer?
Yes, Coldplay is a band based in Nashville. Do you like their music?
The Escapist is starring Scarlett Johansson
I do not have any information on any of them
Laini Taylor wrote Where the Wild Things Are. Have you heard of that one?
Dreams of Gods & Monsters is a fantasy novel written by Laini Taylor. Are you interested in fantasy novels?
It was released in 2014. I hope you enjoy them!
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers.
I'm not sure if that's where he is from. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I haven't seen him either. Is he a basketball player?
Yes, Quentin Tarantino starred in a lot of movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Yes, it was written by Rob Zombie and was released in 2011.
He starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen it?
Do you like Big Fish because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Yes, Kenny Ortega is also in Star Wars, which is a drama film.
Yes, have you seen the other romantic movies, Windtalkers, Windtalkers, Windtalkers, and many others?
You're welcome!
Sure! Phil LaMarr has starred in a lot of movies, including Where the Wild Things Are, and The Wild Life. Have you seen any of those?
Sure, Zoey Deschanel starred in it. Do you like Zoe's Tale?
It is a drama, do you like those kinds of movies?
You're welcome!
Yes, they are a basketball team. Are you a basketball fan?
Do you like sci-fi movies?
If you like action movies, you should check out Shark Night. It is an action movie.
Need for Speed is a action movie directed by Steven Spielberg.
Sure. Do you like books written by Stephen King? He also wrote The Good Doctor.
Voyager is a Romance novel written by John Scalzi. Do you like Voyager?
Yes, it is a Romance novel.
Glad I could help!
I don't have that information but I do know she is from India.
No, I don't follow tennis. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I didn't know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure! Al Pacino starred in a lot of movies, such as X-Men: Days of Future Past and X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen those?
Two for the Money is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I don't have that information right now. I do know that Al Pacino starred in a comedy called X-Men.
Pride and Prejudice is written by Jane Austen. Do you like Jane Austen?
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen.
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice, which is a romance novel.
You're welcome.
Yes, she is. She is a singer, songwriter, and songwriter.
Yes, Jar of Hearts is a song written by Christina Perri.
Yes, it was in the early 2010s
You're welcome
Yes, he is a great actor. Did you know he starred in The Matrix Revolutions?
If you like Crime Fiction movies you should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
No, The Hurt Locker is starring by Mark Boal.
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
Sure, Rob Riggle starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Unaccompanied Minors is an animated film starring Rob Riggle. It is a comedy.
Sure. Unaccompanied Minors, The Other Guys, and The Other Guys are also in the teen film.
Sure. Unaccompanied Minors is added to your watch list.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he is a soccer player who plays for the Germany national football team. Do you like soccer?
Water for Elephants is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it was written by John Boyne. It is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller?
Yes, Leo Tolstoy wrote Leo Tolstoy.
Yes, Linklater also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
Twilight is a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Yes she wrote The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner
Glad I could help
Sure! The Social Network is a Social Network starring Tom Hanks. It is a Social Network.
The Social Network starred Denis Leary and Denis Leary.
Rashida Jones, Max Minghella, Xenocide
You are welcome
Yes, David Copperfield is written by David Copperfield.
Jeremy Tambling is a great author. He wrote a few books, but a few would be The Last Stand, and The Last Stand. Have you read those?
Zadie Smith is a great writer. He wrote a lot of books, but if you haven't read Zadie Smith's books, I would recommend Zadie Smith's books.
John Carpenter directed The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen it?
It was written by John Carpenter and is a science fiction film. Do you like science fiction?
Curtis is also a TV series. I think you will enjoy it.
Escape from New York is a drama.
Lord of the Rings is written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like fantasy books?
Women in Love was written by J.K. Rowling
He also wrote The Lord of the Rings and The Lord of the Rings.
The Matrix is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
The Matrix is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Inception is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
A Wrinkle in Time is written by Madeleine L'Engle
If you like Young-adult fiction, you might want to check out A Wind in the Door or A Wind in the Door. Have you read those?
Yes, The Chocolate War is also a science fiction book.
If you like young adult fiction, you might like The Maze Runner. It's also a science fiction book.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it was released in 1974.
You're welcome!
Yes, Ayush Mahesh Khedkar starred in The Mumbai Indians. Have you seen it?
Slumdog Millionaire is a drama. Do you like drama?
Millionaire was released in 2011.
You're welcome.
Yes, Aidan Turner starred in a lot of movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Aidan Turner starred in The Hobbit. Have you seen it?
Mortal Instruments: City of Bones
The Looking Glass Wars is a fantasy movie
The Golden Compass is directed by Steven Spielberg
Do you like books written by J.K. Rowling?
Zoe's Tale is also a children's book and Zoe's Tale is also speculative fiction.
Yes, it is Speculative fiction and is also a children's book.
The Goldfinch is written by Donna Tartt and was released in 2013.
Yes Donna Tartt won Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.
Yes Donna Tartt also wrote, The Secret History
Yes, it is in the United States of America.
You are welcome.
Me Before You is a young-adult fiction book written by Dan Brown. Do you like young-adult fiction?
The Ship of Brides was also written by Jojo Moyes. Have you read it?
I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, it is a great book written by John Green. Do you like his books?
He also wrote Paper Towns. Have you seen that one?
That's a good one. It's also a Romance movie.
Yes, Paper Towns is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Sure, F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote The Good Doctor, The Bad Doctor, and The Bad Doctor. Have you read any of those?
It is a fictional novel. Do you like fictional novels?
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote The Matrix Revolutions. Have you heard of it?
Yes, The Black Hat 2015 is a sci-fi movie.
I do not have any other recommendations but I can tell you that The Goon is starring Tom Cruise
Glad I could help
Pan's Labyrinth is a speculative fiction written by Dan Brown. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is. Alex Angulo is in the English language.
Pan's Labyrinth is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Looking Glass Wars is a good one.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Pat Conroy wrote The Lord of the Rings. Have you read that one?
Kate Nelligan and George Carlin also starred Kate Nelligan.
Michael York wrote the Vampire Chronicles, did you know he was a writer?
Yes, I do. He wrote  and .
I haven't read the Odyssey but I do enjoy it.
I'm not sure about the dramas, but I do like The Godfather Part II.
Robert Duvall is a great actor. Did you know he is also a producer?
Sure, it was written by Sean Penn and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I don't have any information on that one but I can tell you that it was directed by Sean Penn.
Then you might also like The Wild, which is an adventure movie.
Do you like him because he is a tennis player?
Yes, he directed The Proposal. Have you seen that one?
Sure! Les Miserables is starring Hugh Jackman, have you seen that one?
Glad I could help!
I think he is a great singer, singer, singer, and musician. Do you like him?
I don't know a lot about her but I do know she was born in Honolulu.
I don't know a lot about her, but I do know she's from Honolulu.
You're very welcome!
Yes, it is a German football team based in Munich. Do you like soccer?
They are coached by Jose Mourinho
I am not sure, but I do know they are coached by Jose Mourinho.
The Maze Runner series is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
The author is Rick Riordan
Glad I could help
Sure! Arundhati Roy wrote The Mists of Avalon which is speculative fiction. Have you read it?
The God of Small Things is a science fiction book
Yes, it was a movie and it is a movie.
Glad I could help!
The Secret Life of Bees was written by Rick Riordan. He also wrote The Secret Life of Bees.
The book was written by Jodi Picoult
the book was written by Mark Isham
Nina Auerbach wrote Dracula. Have you read it?
Nina Auerbach wrote a book called The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you heard of it?
Nina Auerbach is a writer, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author
You are welcome.
Yes, The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Do you like fantasy movies?
Sure. Orlando Bloom starred in The Looking Glass Wars. Have you seen it?
I hope you enjoy it!
They are a great Texans football team. Do you like football?
I am not a fan of the Texans but I do like the Texans.
Yes, he owns the Texans and owns the Texans.
Sure! Julian Glover starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you seen it?
Sure! It's a great movie! It stars Jennifer Jason Leigh. Do you like thrillers?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it was released in 2011.
Wuthering Heights is a drama/mystery that was released in 2013.
Pearl S Buck is an American author who wrote The Shadowhunter's Code.
I don't have that information but I can tell you it is a Historical period drama.
The Waves is a Historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
Great, enjoy!
Yes, she is a great tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I don't know much about her but I do know Maria Sharapova is a tennis player.
I am not a basketball fan but I do know Maria Sharapova is also a tennis player.
I don't know much about Wayne Rooney, but I know he is a tennis player.
Sure, it was written by Thomas Christensen and was released in 1989.
I'm not sure what else was released in 1989, but I can tell you about Thomas Christensen.
You're very welcome!
You're welcome!
The Avengers is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes X-Men 2 is written by Zak Penn
Incident at Loch Ness was released in 2011
Glad I could help
Crazy, Stupid Love has genre Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
If you like romance movies, you might also like The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, he wrote The Last Stand and The Last Stand. Have you read either of those?
Stephen King is a nationality. He was born in New York.
The Dead Zone is speculative fiction
Yes he has starred in the Romance Film and Crime Fiction Film
Do you like Forrest Gump because it is starring Tom Hanks?
Tom Hanks starred in a lot of movies, but he also starred in The Hangover Part II. Have you seen it?
Larry Crowne is one of the most popular movies in the world.
I hope you enjoy them!
You're welcome!
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like the Harry Potter series?
Yes, it is a mystery. Do you like mysteries?
Yes it does. The Returned is starring Pierre Perrier.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Bill Bidwill.
I don't know much about the Seahawks but I do know they are in the National Football League.
Yes, the Seahawks are too loud. Do you like the Seahawks?
It was written by Neil Gaiman and was released in 2010.
Yes. Jerry Spinelli also wrote Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which is a young adult fiction.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
I don't know much about him but I do know he is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I'm not sure about that, but I do know Rafael Nadal won the 2007 PGA Championship.
I agree, Federer is better than Roger Federer.
Sure! Mary GrandPre is a children's literature. Do you like children's literature?
Yes, they are written by JK Rowlings.
What Alice Forgot is written by Liane Moriarty. Do you like her work?
Yes she did. That book was also made into a movie.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them but I do know they are owned by Bill Bidwill
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. What about you?
I don't know much about them but I do know they are doing well this season.
I am not sure if he's a good coach but I think he's a good coach now.
Yes, he starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Stan Lee also wrote X-Men 2 and X-Men 2
The Incredible Hulk is a sci-fi thriller. Do you like sci-fi?
Sure, she wrote God's Smuggler and God's Smuggler
The Hiding Place is a Speculative fiction.
You're welcome.
Yes, Noah Emmerich starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure, but Noah Emmerich also starred in the movie "Warrior".
Great, Ip Man is a great movie.
Great, enjoy!
Phil Lord directed The Lego Movie
I don't have any information on that movie, but I can tell you it is a fantasy movie.
Yes, Channing Tatum was also in White House Down.
You're welcome.
It was written by Sean Penn and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Would you like me to send it to you?
Yes, Natalie Portman was in No Strings Attached.
You're welcome!
Did you like it because it was a thriller?
If you like sci-fi, you should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt. Have you seen that one?
Zombieland is starring Tom Hanks, who also starred in the movie.
War of the Worlds was released in 2009
Sure! Anita Diamant wrote The Secret History of Beedle the Bard. Have you read it?
Yes, The Last Days of Dogtown is also a good read.
You're welcome.
Do you like books written by A Little Princess because it is a children's literature?
The King of Atolia is written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
If you enjoy Speculative fiction, you'll like The Looking Glass Wars and The Looking Glass Wars.
Do you like books written by Ernest Hemingway?
Then you might also like A Farewell to Arms: A Farewell to Arms: A Farewell to Arms: A Farewell to Arms: A Farewell to Arms is a Fiction Novel.
To Have and Have Not is written by Ernest Hemingway and is a romance film.
Do you like Groundhog Day because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Year One is starring Scarlett Johansson
Yes he was in Ghostbusters
You're welcome!
I like Linkin Park because it is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like Romantic Comedy?
Sure, do you like the movie because it is a thriller?
Green Lantern is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Yes, it is. If you like adventure movies, you might also like Shark Night. Have you seen it?
Yes, she was in Seven Sons. She also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Sure! Jean-pierre jeunet directed The Assassination of Jesse James. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Yolande Moreau starred in Micmacs. Have you seen it?
I don't have that information but I do know he is a comedian.
You're welcome.
The Ocean at the End of the Lane is written by Neil Gaiman. Do you like Neil Gaiman books?
It was written by Neil Gaiman and was released in 2013.
You're welcome.
No Country for Old Men is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
Tommy Lee Jones also starred in The Hunger Games, which is a thriller.
Robert De Niro directed that movie.
The Dictator is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
It's a drama. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Yes, it is a spy genre. Do you like spy movies?
You're welcome!
Me Before You is written by Dan Brown. Do you like thrillers?
Sure. Jojo Moyes also wrote Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth
Glad I could help!
Alexandre Dumas is a great actor. He starred in The Virgin Suicides and The Virgin Suicides.
Yes Monte Cristo was the only writer for the Three Musketeers.
Do you like novels written by Monte Cristo?
Glad I could help!
Sure! Mark Haddon wrote The Book Thief and The Book Thief. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it is a great movie starring Tom Cruise. Do you like Tom Cruise?
I have not seen it but I do like Peter Capaldi. He is a great actor.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Katherine Paterson wrote The Sandman: The End of the Affair and The Sandman: The End of the Affair. Have you read those?
Yes. Katherine Paterson wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins which is a Children's literature.
I hope you enjoy it!
Do you like the Hunger Games because it is a Thriller?
If you like thrillers, you might like The Hunger Games. It's a thriller.
Shark Night is starring Katharine McPhee and Jennifer Jason Leigh.
Yes, Jamie McGuire wrote The Sworn Sword. Have you heard of it?
Walking Disaster is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
I'm sorry, I don't have any recommendations for murder mystery
You're welcome
The Matrix Reloaded is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Have you seen The Matrix Reloaded? It's a sci-fi movie.
John Wick also starred Keanu Reeves. He is a great actor.
I hope you enjoy it!
I like Sia Furler. She's a singer-songwriter and songwriter.
Yes, she won the MTV Music Prize for Best Chorography and the MTV Music Music Award for Best Chorography.
Yes, Australia is on the bucket list as well.
Lana Wachowski starred in The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen it?
I don't have any romance recommendations but I do have a few recommendations for romance movies.
Yes, it is. It is a Romance film.
Blood Promise is written by Richelle Mead. Do you like her work?
I know Richelle Mead wrote Vampire Academy: The Graphic Novel. Have you read it?
Vampire Academy is written by Richelle Mead, it is a young-adult fiction novel, have you read it?
Yes, it was also written by Richelle Mead
Do you like Mission: Impossible because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Do you like the Lego Movie because it is a Sci-Fi or because it is a Sci-Fi?
Sure! Do you like movies starring Will Ferrell or because it is an adventure movie?
Yes, Will Ferrell starred in the movie Storks, along with Will Ferrell.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Tom Skerritt starred in a lot of movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
It's a drama. Do you like drama?
You're welcome!
Yes, Maruice Hindle is a writer, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, he wrote a piece of Maruice Hindle wrote
Did you know Maurice Hindle is a writer who wrote The Modern Prometheus?
Yes, they are written in English. They are also written in English.
Yes, Gustave Flaubert wrote The Silence of the Lambs. Have you read it?
It was released in 1817.
Yes she did, she also wrote Madame Bovary.
I know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt. Do you like them?
I don't know much about the Cowboys but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver.
I know Anthony Hamilton is from Charlotte, NC.
Yes, there is a sequel to Toy Story 2.
Toy story 3 is starring Tom Hanks, Tim Allen, and Tim Allen.
I am not sure about that, but I can tell you that Tom Hanks starred in Tom Hanks and Joan Cusak.
Sure! Sending it now.
Yes, Blake Griffin is a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
I don't know if he plays basketball but I do know he is a point guard.
I'm not a big sports fan but I'm a big fan of basketball.
Sure! Blade Runner is a sci-fi film starring Tom Hanks. Do you like sci-fi movies?
William Sanderson also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
It's a great movie. It's a great movie. It's also a comedy.
Bood Diamond is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like his movies?
He is a great actor. He starred in the movie The Lost Symbol. Are you familiar with that one?
I would recommend "The Wolf of Wall Street" if you haven't seen it yet.
James Nesbitt starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen that one?
It is a drama. Do you like dramas?
It is a drama. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome!
Law Abiding Citizen was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr. who also wrote Insurgent.
Roger Bart also starred in The Hunger Games. Have you seen that one?
Then you might like The Hunger Games, which is a psychological thriller.
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
You're welcome!
Yes, Pink is an amazing artist. She has starred in a lot of movies. I love her music.
Yes, she has a great voice. She has a great voice. She has a great voice.
Lady Gaga is one of my favorite songs of hers.
Sure! Carlos Ruiz Zafon wrote The Soccer Player, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It's a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure about that but I can tell you it was translated in English.
Anita Diamant is a writer, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist
It is fiction
Anita Diamant has written a lot of books but i do not have information on different genre
You're welcome
Sure! Do you like the Untouchables because it is a thriller?
Yes, Capone is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Godfather trilogy is a science fiction movie. Do you like science fiction movies?
It's a great movie. It stars Robert De Niro, Robert De Niro and Robert De Niro
You're welcome!
I have not, but I know it was written by Elizabeth Fitzpatrick.
It is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Yes, similar historical drama is Welcome to the Monkey House
The main lead in 12 Years A Slaves is Natasha Preston
You're welcome
Sure! Margaret Stohl wrote Where the Wild Things Are. Have you heard of that one?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
I'm not sure if it would qualify as a Young Adult Fiction, but it's similar to Beautiful Darkness.
You're welcome!
Do you like Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time because it is a sci-fi movie?
You might like The Looking Glass Wars. It's a fantasy movie.
I'm not sure who starred in that one but it's a fantasy movie.
You're very welcome!
Sure, it was written by Sophie Kinsella and was released in 2005. Do you like her work?
Sophie Kinsella wrote The Undomestic Goddess and The Undomestic Goddess
Wedding Night is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome!
Kristin Cashore wrote Graceling and Fire. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it is a romance novel
It is written by Kristin Cashore
You're welcome
She wrote The Search. Have you read that one?
It was written in 1905
Yes it was
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Belgium national football team.
I don't know much about Chelsea but I do know Eden Hazard plays for the Belgium national team.
I'm not a baseball fan, but I'm a baseball fan.
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys.
Yes, he is an actor who starred in a lot of movies. Are you familiar with his work?
No, I haven't seen it but I do know it was directed by David Fincher.
Yes, David Fincher also directed and starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen it?
Yes, he starred in a lot of movies. Would you like to know more about those?
Kevin McNally is also in Shackleton.
Shackleton was released in 2010.
William Goldman is a professional basketball player. He is a point guard and a point guard.
He is a novelist and a screenwriter. He wrote a lot of books. Would you like to know more about him?
I would recommend Xenocide, Xenocide, and Zodiac.
You're welcome.
Sarah Dressen has written a number of books. Would you like to know more about either of those?
I would also recommend What Happened to Goodbye. It's a great book.
You're welcome!
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 stars Scarlett Johansson and Hugh Jackman.
Yes, she is married to Andrew Garfield.
Yes, Rashida Jones also starred in The Social Network with Andrew Garfield.
You're welcome!
Yes, Chinua Achebe is a novelist. Do you like her writings?
Do you like fiction? I can tell you that Chinua Achebe is a fictional story.
No, I didn't see it. Is there anything else I can help with?
You're welcome!
Do you like Pulp Fiction because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Yes, Jamie Foxx starred in it as well.
You're welcome
Mitch Alborn wrote Mitch Alborn. Mitch Alborn is a writer, author, and author. Do you like his writings?
Tuesdays, The Magic Strings and The Five People You Meet in Heaven
Tuesdays, The Magic Strings and The Five People You Meet in Heaven are non fiction books I recommend.
Do you like the Matrix because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Ninja Assassin stars Scarlett Johansson and Jennifer Jason Leigh. Do you like thrillers?
The Weekend is a great movie. Did you like it because it was a romantic comedy?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm not sure, but Echoes of Silence is a great song too.
Yes, it is a great book written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King books?
Yes, he wrote a few thrillers, such as A Time to Kill, and A Time to Kill. Have you seen any of those?
The Brethren was released in 2003 and is a thriller.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that novel.
Yes. The Vanished Man is in the genre of Thriller.
You're welcome.
Green Eggs and Ham is a children's literature book. Do you like children's literature?
Green Eggs and Ham is a great book written by Dr. Seuss. Have you read it?
There's a Wocket in My Pocket is a great book.
I hope you enjoy them!
I like Adam Levine. Did you know he is a singer?
Do you like Maroon 5. He is a great singer.
I'm not sure if they have a genre Talent Show but I do like Talent Show.
Peter Dinklage is a great actor. He starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen those?
It's science fiction. Do you like science fiction movies?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, The Tragedy of Othello, The Moor of Venice is written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
He also wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream. Have you heard of it?
Well, if you like fantasy, you might also like A Midsummer Night's Dream. It is a fantasy.
You're welcome.
Yes, he starred in The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he is in bobby
The movie was released in 1994
Anthony Hopkins also starred in a movie called Unaccompanied Minors
You're welcome
Do you like Dave McKean because he is a writer or director?
Yes, he did. That was a great book.
I don't have any influences on him but I can tell you that Volume One is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, The Graveyard Book is a children's literature.
Glad I could help!
Sure! Her is a romance film written by Scarlett Johansson.
Scarlett Johansson is starring Scarlett Johansson. It's a Sci-Fi movie.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes, Scarlett Johansson is starring in Under the Skin with Scarlett Johansson.
Under the Skin was released in 2013.
You're welcome!
Yes, I like Kill Bill: Vol. 2 because it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Uma Thurman is a great actor. She starred in a lot of thrillers, including X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Yes, John Travolta is in Pulp Fiction as well.
They are coached by Wayne Weaver. Do you like them?
I don't know much about him except Bud Adams was a Tennessee Titans owner.
I don't know a lot about him but I do know Bud Adams was a member of the Titans.
Robert Duvall starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you seen it?
Yes, he wrote that one as well.
Sure, Tarnation and the Apostle is an Indie film. Do you like those kinds of films?
Christina Perri is a singer-songwriter. Do you like her music?
yes she does. do you like her work?
yes he is. do you like basketball?
i love basketball. do you like basketball?
I think he's a good singer. Did you know he was a singer?
I don't know any of his songs, but I do know he was influenced by Justin Timberlake.
I'm not sure if it's a syNC but if I'm a big fan of Justin Timberlake, I'm going to add it to your playlist.
Yes, The Fellowship of the Ring is based on the book. The Fellowship of the Ring is based on the book.
Yes, he was in the Hobbit series. He was also in The Lord of the Rings trilogy.
Christopher Lee also starred in The Lord of the Rings and The Fellowship of the Ring.
The Battle of Labyrinth is a novel written by Rick Riordan. Do you like this author?
Have you read the Titan's Curse?
Greek Mythology is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
He directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen that one?
The Simpsons Movie is a comedy. Do you like those kinds of films?
Have you seen The Simpsons Movie? It was directed by David Silverman.
You're welcome!
Sure! Jennifer L Armentrout has written a number of books, including Wicked Lovely, Wicked Lovely, and Wicked Lovely. Have you read any of those?
Yes, Wicked is a play written by Jennifer L Armentrout.
Yes, another author who wrote Wicked is Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.
You're welcome.
Mhari Calvery wrote Slumdog Millionaire. Have you heard of it?
Robert De Niro is also starring in Braveheart.
I don't have that information but I can tell you it was released in 2005.
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. He wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Reading for the Non-believer. Have you read that?
The Bone Clocks is written by David Mitchell and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Bone Clocks is written by David Mitchell and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You are welcome.
Yes, he directed a lot of good movies. I can recommend a few of them if you haven't seen them.
It's a great movie. It's a drama/mystery. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Zach Gilford starred in a lot of movies. He was also in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back.
I hope you enjoy!
Paul Werstine wrote The Virgin Suicides and The Virgin Suicides. Have you heard of those?
Yes, 1606 is a historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it was written by John Scalzi. It was released in 1606.
Yes, Elysium is a sci-fi thriller. Do you like sci-fi?
I'm not sure if it's worth watching, but it's a Sci-Fi/Drama.
I haven't seen him but I'm not sure if he's a good actor. I'm not sure if he's a good actor.
I'm not sure if they're good, but they're also science fiction.
You're welcome!
I'm not sure, but I do know Sam Smith was a singer-songwriter.
I'm not sure about that, but I do know Sam Smith was influenced by Sam Smith.
I am not sure of any similar artists but I do know he is a singer/songwriter.
I am a big fan of hard rock. What about you?
He wrote рестуление и накаание.
Words in nature is written by рестуление и накаание
Words in nature is a thriller
I don't know much about Thiago Silva but I do know he is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for the Brazil national football team.
I don't know anything else about him, but I do know he was born in Rio de Janeiro.
I don't know much about her, but I know she was born in Rio de Janeiro.
He wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
He also wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
It's a great movie. It's based on a book that was made into a movie.
You're welcome!
Brendon Urie is a composer, composer, song writer, song writer, and song writer. Do you like his work?
Under the Tuscan Sun is written by Frances Mayes.
Under Magnolia: A Southern Memoir was released in 1960.
Under Magnolia: A Southern Memoir was released in 1960.
Sure, Brad Garrett starred in a lot of great movies, such as X-Men: Days of Future Past, X-Men: Apocalypse, and X-Men: Apocalypse.
The Pacifier is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Underdog is a thriller.
I hope you enjoy it!
City of God is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
The Escapist is starring Seu Jorge and Seu Jorge. Seu Jorge also starred in The Incapist.
I'm not sure about any other Seu George films, but I can tell you that Seu Jorge also starred in The Assassin's Blade. Have you seen it?
Jay Asher is a writer, author, and author. He wrote The Pillars of the Earth. Have you heard of it?
The Short Second Life was written by Jay Asher. He also wrote "Thirteen Reasons Why"
I'm sorry, I don't have any other suggestions for young adult fiction books.
It was released in 2004.
I hope you enjoy it!
City of Lost souls is written by Cassandra Clare.
The Mortal Instruments was released in 2004.
I'm not sure about that one, but I can tell you it was released in 2011.
You're very welcome!
Sure! The Historian is a dystopian, dystopian, dystopian, dystopian, dystopian, dystopian, dystopian and dystopian novel.
The Historian is a book written by Steven Spielberg. He is also a writer and author.
Sure. Without Fail is a thriller. It is also a thriller.
You're welcome.
Are you looking for something similar to The Book Thief because it is a thriller?
Did you like Help because it was a Romantic Comedy?
Yes, he did. Did you know he was a writer and a politician?
It's a drama. Do you like drama?
You're welcome!
Do you like the genre of this movie because it is a fantasy?
The Ghost and the Darkness is a drama.
Yes, it is. Val Kilmer is also in the Thriller genre of movies.
Glad I could help!
Yes, Rupert Sanders directed Snow White and the Huntsman. Have you seen it?
Yes she did, she starred in Snow White and the Huntsman
The Brothers Grimm wrote The Huntsman, have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Yes, The Mark of Athena is written by Stephen King. He also wrote The Son of Neptune.
That's a good one. It's a young adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
You're welcome!
I agree. Did you know that The Weeknd is a Romantic Comedy?
I'm not sure, but I do know Selena Gomez is friends with Selena Gomez. She starred in The Muppets film.
What Happens in Vegas is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, I like Lady Gaga. She is a great singer.
Do you like Will Smith because it's a comedy?
Yes, Michael Ealy is in that movie as well. Do you like his movies?
Sure, he starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
As Good as It Get is a Romantic Comedy. Have you seen it yet?
What a Girl Want is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Yes, Evan Goldberg is a director. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies.
That's a great film! Emma Watson starred in that one as well, along with Emma Watson.
Yes, this is the End is a fantasy film.
You're welcome!
Yes, John G. Avildsen is a screenwriter, director, director, and director. He is a screenwriter.
Yes, if you like martial arts, you might like The Incredible Hulk or The Incredible Hulk.
John G. Avildsen starred in the Last Dragon. He is a great actor.
Yes, she is. She is a great actor.
Glad I could help!
Are you looking for movies written by J.K. Rowling?
Children of Attolia is a fantasy
There is a movie similar to the Harry Potter series
There are 3 in the series
Yes, the director is J.K. Rowling
You're welcome
Do you like the Clan of the Cave Bear because it is speculative fiction?
Jean M Auel wrote The Clan of the Cave Bear. Have you read that one yet?
The Shelters of Stone is a novel that was released in 1939 and is a novel.
Zoe's Tale is also a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Sure, he starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Underworld: Evolution Unforgivable Blackness also starred Derek Jacobi
Yes, he did. He also starred in a movie called Unforgivable Blackness. Have you seen it?
Yes, that is correct. I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Gautam Gambhir is an athlete who plays for the Mumbai Indians.
I don't know much about it, but I know Gautam Gambhir plays for the Mumbai Indians.
I don't know much about tennis but I do know Venus Williams is a tennis player.
I'm not sure if he's a good athlete. Is there anything else I can help with?
I do! He's a great actor. He's been in a lot of movies. Is there a specific movie you are looking for?
I like Michael Jordan too. He's a great actor.
Yes, Ivan Reitman directed The 2nd one. Have you seen it?
I don't know much about them but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf. Do you like them?
The Sea of Monsters was written by Rick Riordan. He also wrote The Sea of Monsters.
The Lightning Theif is speculative fiction.
The Looking Glass Wars is a good one
F. Scott Fitzgerald is a great author. Do you like his books?
This Side of Paradise was written in 1847 and it is a great book.
He also wrote The Secret Agent: A Tale of Two Cities. Have you read that one?
Glad I could help!
Do you like Michael Crichton because he is a writer or author?
I'm sorry, I don't have any similar writers. Is there anything else I can help with?
Robin Cook is an author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author
You're welcome.
Have you seen Ratatouille? It's a great movie.
Yes, Jason Lee is one of the voices of the Incredibles. He is a great actor.
Glad I could help
He wrote David Copperfield. Have you read that one?
Yes, it is
Yes, he also wrote The Last Stand and The Last Stand
I don't know any other songs by him but I do know Ed Sheeran is a singer-songwriter.
I'm not sure, but I do know Ed Sheeran is a musician.
I'm not sure if he's a song by him, but if you like Justin Bieber, he's my favorite song of his.
Cat's Cradle is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Siddhartha is a speculative fiction. Do you like speculative fiction?
The Thief of Always is written by Terry Pratchett.
I'm not sure what else Clive Barker has written, but I can tell you it is a book similar to Siddhartha.
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. Did you know it was written by J.K. Rowling?
Then you might also like The Return of the King. Have you seen that one?
I agree. He's a great elf warrior. He was born in Orlando.
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was written by J.K. Rowling. She also wrote The Return of the King.
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes is a series.
It is a short story.
Yes, The Girl on the Train is based on a book written by Paula Hawkins
The Perfect Game was written by Rebecca Wells.
I'm not sure about any other films filmed in Mexico, but I can tell you it was directed by David Ayer.
Yes, I like Sam Smith. He is a singer-songwriter. Do you like his music?
I do like her music. She is a great artist.
Yes, I like Zooey Deschanel. She has starred in a lot of movies.
I do! He's a great actor. He's starred in a lot of movies, including The Fault in Our Stars, The Fault in Our Stars and The Fault in Our Stars.
Yes, Nora Dunn starred in Three Kings, have you seen it?
Do you like dramas?
You're welcome!
Yes, Where the Heart Is is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is a young-adult fiction.
Billie Letts wrote Where the Heart Is, which is a drama.
Yes, it is a drama.
Yes, I would also recommend The Other Boleyn Girl, which is a drama
You're welcome!
Mark Margolis starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Marisa Tomei also starred in The Wrestler.
I'm not sure of any of her movies but I do know she starred in The Wrestler. Have you seen that one?
Yes, the Wrestler is a good one. Enjoy!
Glad I could help!
Sure! David Yates is a director, director, director, and director. He directed a lot of thrillers. Do you like thrillers?
Sure! He has starred in such films as The Legend of Tarzan and Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. Have you seen those?
You're welcome!
Sure, Joseph Heller wrote The Silence of the Lambs. Have you heard of it?
Catch-22 is a historical novel. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome
Sure! Stefan Kapicic starred in Deadpool, Deadpool, and Deadpool. Have you seen those?
It is a very good movie. It also starred Robert De Niro and Robert De Niro.
The Power of the lead character is Thriller.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is a great book. Do you like books written by J.K. Rowling?
Harry Potter series is a good one
Sure! E Lockhart wrote The Secret History of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. Have you read those?
Yes, it is. It is in English.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Do you like Interstellar because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Do you like Sci-Fi movies because they are a sci-fi movie?
If you liked Reign of Fire, you might also like X-Men: Days of Future Past.
It's a sci-fi movie, starring Tom Hanks, Robert Downey Jr., and Robert Downey Jr.
If you like Peter Capaldi, you might want to check out Zombieland if you like Zombieland.
I do, he's a great singer. Do you like his music?
I Don't Want This Night to End is a pop music song.
I don't have that information but I do know Luke Bryan is a singer/songwriter.
Sure! Kurt Wimmer directed The Assassination of Jesse James. Have you seen that one?
Have you seen Equilibrium starring Christian Bale?
Emily Watson is a great writer. I think you will enjoy her work. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Sidney Lumet is a singer-songwriter. Are you a fan of his?
Sidney Lumet also wrote The Secret Life of Bees
Crime is fiction
The Selection is a young adult fiction book written by Kiera cass. Do you like young adult fiction?
Kiera Cass also wrote a book called The Selection. Have you heard of it?
Hope you enjoy it!
Glad I could help
Sure! Richard Linklater directed The Pillars of the Earth. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Waking Life is a romance film. Do you like romance films?
You're welcome.
Yes, he directed The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen that one?
The Fault in Our Stars is written by John Green. He also wrote Paper Towns.
Yes, John Green also wrote Paper Towns. Have you read it?
I don't have any other books written by John Green but I can recommend other books by him.
Great. I hope you enjoy Paper Towns.
Yes, Good Will Hunting was directed by Robert Louis Stevenson. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, he also directed The Hunting. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he was in that movie. Did you know he was also a director?
Yes, River Phoenix was a favorite of mine, too.
David Sedaris wrote Where'd You Go, Bernadette. Have you read it?
He is a writer who wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames and SantaLand Diaries. Are you familiar with his work?
Flannery O'Connor was influenced by O'Connor. Dorothy Parker was also a film producer.
Sure, it was written by E. Lockhart and was released in 2014.
E Lockhart wrote a book called We Were Liars. It was released in 2014 and is in English.
It's a young-adult fiction book that was released in 2014.
You're welcome!
Yes, Charles Frazier is a scientist and author. Do you like science fiction?
Thirteen Moons is a historical novel. Do you like that genre?
Thirteen Moons and Cold Mountain was written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
Glad I could help!
Yes, I like contemporary R&B.
I don't have that information but I do know they are a band of theirs. They are very popular.
Yes, he starred in Island of the Blue Dolphins. Have you seen it?
He wrote Island of the Blue Dolphins which is a drama/mystery.
Yes, Éric-Emmanuel Schmitt wrote a lot of books. He is a writer, writer and author.
Ma Long is a table tennis player from China. Do you like table tennis?
Yes, he participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics.
You're welcome.
Het Achterhuis: Dagboekbrieven 14 juni 1942 - 1 augustus 1944
It is in English
Eleanor Roosevelt is a writer and author as well.
Glad I could help
Did you like Goodfellas because it is a drama?
Robert De Niro starred in Goodfellas II. He also starred in The Goodfellas.
Robert De Niro also starred in Zookeeper. Have you seen it?
What Just Happened was a great movie. Robert De Niro starred in it.
Yes it is. Art Linson wrote Art Linson as well.
You're welcome.
Do you like 12 Angry Men because it is a thriller?
What Lies Beneath is starring Robert Downey Jr. and Kate Walsh.
What Lies Beneath was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
The Boston Celtics is a professional basketball team based in Boston, Massachusetts.
I do like to watch football. What about you?
I do. I like the Lakers because I am a Lakers fan.
I agree, he is a great basketball player.
Yes, he is a great actor. Did you know he starred in The Proposal?
Yes Jason Statham is a movie starring Jason Statham
I am not sure if Simon West directed anything else I can help you with
Yes, Natalie Babbitt is a writer, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author,
Yes, Tuck Everlasting is a children's literature. Do you like children's literature?
Yes, Voyager is a romance novel.
No problem, enjoy!
Sure, do you like thrillers or thrillers?
Roland Emmerich also wrote The Hunger Games. Have you seen it?
Yes, that is correct. Tom McCarthy starred in the movie Independence Day.
You're welcome!
I know that Basher Savage starred in Gravity
Gravity was released in 2011.
Gravity was released in 2013.
Gravity is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
You're welcome!
I don't know much about the Oakland Raiders. Are you a fan of the Oakland Raiders?
They moved to Los Angeles in the 1980's and then moved to Los Angeles.
I'm not sure if they've won any Super Bowl XLVII, but they're moving to LA.
Yes, The Prestige is written by Steven Spielberg and is speculative fiction.
Yes, the movie is based on a book by Christopher Nolan
Rebecca Hall starred in a lot of movies, including X-Men: Days of Future Past
Glad I could help
Catch 22 is a Speculative fiction book written by Stephen King. Do you like Speculative fiction?
Yes, it is a war novel.
I don't have any similar books, but Joseph Heller is a satire writer.
You are welcome.
Sure, do you like books written by P.C. Cast because they are speculative fiction?
It's a Romance novel. It's based on a novel by a young-adult fiction.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I do! It's a great book written by Charles Dickens. Do you like his books?
Yes, White Teeth is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, that is correct. Zadie Smith wrote White Teeth.
You're welcome.
Yes, John Lasseter directed a number of great movies, including The Pillars of Earth, The Pillars of Earth, and The Pillars of Earth. Have you seen any of those?
Cars 2 was released in 2011. Cars 2 was directed by John Lasseter.
Peter Jacobson is also a voice over voice actor. Peter Jacobson is also a voice actor.
You're welcome.
I think Wladimir Klitschko is a good boxer. Do you like boxing?
She is married to Hayden Panettire. She is married to Hayden Panettire. She has starred in a few movies.
I think you'll enjoy it!
The Denver Broncos are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
Yes, I like the Redskins.
Sure, it was written by Terry Pratchett and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes Wyrd Sisters is also a film adaptation
Speculative fiction is a good one, have you read it?
I don't know much about him but I do know he is a basketball player.
I don't know, but I do know he is a basketball player
Yes, he is also a basketball player.
You're welcome.
Did you like Anthony Heald because it was a thriller or because it was a thriller?
Ted Tally wrote The Silence of the Lambs. Have you seen it?
If you liked The Juror, you might also like The Silence of the Lambs. Have you seen it?
You're very welcome!
Yes, I am a fan of sci-fi. Do you like sci-fi?
Yes, Shia Lebouf starred in it as well.
Yes, Shia Lebouf was in that one as well. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Yes, he is a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
I am not a basketball fan but I do know that Russell Westbrook is a point guard.
I'm not sure about that. I don't know when they played.
Do you like Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush?
Yes it is a series
Yes it is. Do you like romance novels?
I hope you enjoy them!
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Justin Rose is a golfer born in London.
I don't know a lot about Tiger Woods, but I do know he is a golfer. Do you like golf?
I have seen Happy Gilmore, it is a great movie.
I don't know much about them except that they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I haven't been to a long time but I haven't been to a long time but I haven't been to a few games.
I don't know much about their coach, but I do know they are coached by David Nicholls
Yes, Gregory Rabassa is a writer, author, and author. Are you familiar with his work?
Sure, Rayuela is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like speculative fiction?
You're welcome.
Yes, she is a singer, singer, singer, and singer.
I didn't know she was in a science fiction movie called The Giver.
Yes, The Giver is based on a book and is about a young boy.
Yes, Looking for Alaska is written by Neil Gaiman.
John Green also wrote Looking for Alaska. Have you read it?
I don't have any other books written by John Green but I can tell you it is Young Adult Fiction.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Truman Capote is a thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like thrillers?
Yes he did. In Cold Blood is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I have not seen it but I do know it was written by Truman Capote. It is a thriller.
Yes, he starred in a lot of movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Yes, Mandy Moore was in it. It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, I would recommend The Incredibles. It's a great family film.
Yes, he was in Toy Story 2 and also starred in it.
Larry Crowne has a big name in the movie. It's a great movie!
You're welcome!
Yes, Artificial Intelligence is written by Steven Spielberg. Do you like Steven Spielberg?
Yes, you might enjoy The Goonies, which is a sci-fi movie.
The Extra-Terrestrial and Close Encounters of the Third Kind was released in 2009.
A Beautiful Mind is a book written by Margaret Stohl. It is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
You're welcome.
I'm not sure if you'd like another Sci Fi movie you might like, but you may want to check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt. It's a good one.
You're welcome!
The Godfather is starring Marlon Brando and Marlon Brando.
The Scent of a Woman is directed by Al Pacino. Al Pacino is also a director.
Yes, Joe Mantegna is also a director.
He's been in a number of films, including The Godfather. I'm not sure if he's acted.
Witless Protection is a drama film directed by Steven Spielberg.
Sure! Witless Protections is a Crime film and also a film directed by David Fincher.
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is starring Al Pacino. Al Pacino also starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo
You're welcome!
Yes, she is a singer. Do you like singers?
Sure, Anne-Marie is a singer, singer, singer, singer, and actress.
Anne-Marie is a singer. She has a few albums, like The Princess Diaries, and The Princess Diaries. Have you heard any of them?
Yes, I like Linkin Park's old music. Do you like any of them?
I do. I love their song You Love Me. What is your favorite song?
I'm not sure if that's the genre, but I can tell you they're a couple of songs.
Sure! Craig T. Nelson starred in a number of movies, including Winnie-the-Pooh series, The Fault in Our Stars, and The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen any of those?
Yes he was. Pete Doctor also starred in The Incredibles. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure if he was in but I can tell you he also starred in The Incredibles. Have you seen it?
Yes, Tyrone Giordano also starred in The Incredibles.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Diane Keaton also starred in The Wedding Date and The Wedding Date.
You're welcome!
Sure! Sylvia Plath wrote The Secret Life of Henrietta Lacks. Have you read that one?
Yes, The Journals of Sylvia Plath wrote Sylvia Plath, The Collected Poems, and The Collected Poems.
I don't have that information, but Sylvia Plath wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath.
I'm not sure, but I do know he is a singer and songwriter.
I'm not sure if it's a ballad. I'm sure Billy Jean is a talented person.
Yes, it's a whale. Do you like whales?
Sure! Tim Miller directed The Assassination of Jesse James. Have you seen it?
Deadpool is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I'm not sure who directed Zoolander, but I can tell you it was directed by David Fincher.
You're welcome!
He is an author who wrote II Principe
Il Principe is a novel written by Niccol Machiavelli.
Il Principe is also written by Niccolo Machiavelli. It was released in 1513.
It was written by Niccolo Machiavelli. It was released in 1513.
Yes, he is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for the Brazil national football team.
I'm not sure, but I do know it was released in 2011.
Yes, it was written in English.
Alice Walker wrote The Silence of the Lambs. Have you heard of that one?
The Color Purple is a children's literature
Yes, it is Musical
It's a thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like thrillers?
It is a psychological thriller, do you like those kinds of movies?
Glad I could help
Karim Benzema plays for the France national football team. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about Real Madrid but I do know he is from Spain.
I'm more of a fan of Real Madrid, but I don't know much about them.
Did you like The Scarlet Letter because it is a drama?
Yes, John Irving is a professional basketball player who plays point guard for the Irving National Basketball team.
The World According to Garp is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The book was published in 1926.
You're welcome!
Yes, F. Gary Gray is a writer, director, and director. Do you like his work?
Princess Mononoke is a great movie. Have you seen it?
Sure. Treasure Planet is an animation film directed by David Fincher. It is also a drama film.
Sure. I hope you enjoy it!
Do you like Ocean's Thirteen because it is a Thriller?
The Fight Club is starring Brad Pitt and is a drama/mystery.
I don't know a comedy but I can tell you it is a comedy.
Yes, Brad Pitt is a great actor. He also starred in a movie called X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Glad I could help!
The Theory of Everything is a novel written by Lauren Oliver. Are you familiar with her work?
Yes, you might also like The Other Boleyn Girl, which is a Romantic film.
Yes, it is a Romantic film. It also stars Emily Watson.
Yes, Harbhajan Singh is an athlete that plays cricket for the Mumbai Indians.
It is a sport that you might like. It is a sport that is a sport you enjoy.
I don't know much about that, but I know he was born in India.
I don't know much about them but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a coach
Yes, Holes is written by Louis Sachar. Are you familiar with his work?
Louis Sachar also wrote Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth. Have you read those?
I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
Yes, he is a basketball player and plays point guard. Do you like basketball?
I don't have that information but I do know he is a basketball player.
They are basketball movies. Do you like basketball movies?
You're welcome!
Ethan Suplee is an actor who starred in a lot of movies. Did you know he was also a musician?
Sure, Vulgar is a horror film that was released in 1994.
I hope you enjoy it!
Kevin Smith is a professional basketball player who is a point guard and a point guard.
Glad I could help!
I don't know much about them but I know they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like them?
I don't know much about soccer, but I do like American Football.
Yes, it was written by Wizard's First Rule and is speculative fiction.
Have you read Wizard's First Rule or Wizard's First rule?
It is speculative fiction. Do you like those kinds of books?
Yes, Nineteen Eighty-Four is written by Steven Spielberg. Do you like his books?
Nineteen Eighty-Four is speculative fiction.
I don't have any fiction novels by him but I do know that George Orwell wrote a book called The Hobbit.
It is a political fiction novel.
Glad I could help.
The Shadow of the Torturer is a novel.
Glad I could help
You're welcome.
I know he is a quarterback. Do you like him?
Wes Welker is a quarterback for the New England Patriots. Did you know Wes Welker is from Boston?
Yes, I like Stephen Gostkowski. He's a great player.
I don't know much about him but I do know he is a boxer.
I'm not sure, but I do know Floyd Mayweather Jr is a boxer.
I didn't know he was married to Floyd Mayweather.
Do you like Time Machine because it's a science fiction book?
It was written by John Scalzi. He also wrote Star Maker.
The genre is speculative fiction
Do you like Twilight because it is a thriller?
Then you might like The Looking Glass Wars. It's a Romance.
Youth in Revolt was written by Steven Spielberg and was released in 2012.
Great! I hope you enjoy them!
Andrew Garfield starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen it?
The Amazing Spider-Man was written by Andrew Garfield and is a sci-fi film.
Yes, she won the Academy Award for Best Actress of the Year.
How to Win Friends and Influence People is a non-fiction book written by Dale carnegie.
How to Win Friends and Influence People is a good one.
He also wrote How to Win Friends and Influence People.
You're very welcome!
I am not sure about that, but I can tell you it is a thriller.
Yes, it was written by Jack Reacher and is a speculative fiction.
Jack Reacher is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt. Do you like Kyla Pratt?
Yes, he's a great singer, songwriter, and singer. Do you like his music?
Yes, I like him a lot. Did you know he is a musician?
He is a singer, songwriter, and songwriter. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you like Ratatouille because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Do you like Ratatouille because it is a Thriller?
You're welcome.
Se7en is a sci-fi thriller. Do you like sci-fi movies?
If you like Crime Thrillers, you might also like Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure who starred in Zodiac but it was directed by David Fincher.
Great. I hope you enjoy them.
It's a fiction novel written by Paula McLain. Do you like fiction?
No, I haven't, but I know it was released in 2011.
Circling the Sun was released in 2011.
Yes, it was written in English. I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, she is a great singer and singer. Do you like her music?
I do. She is a very talented singer. She is also a musician and songwriter.
I don't know if she has any other celebrity fans but I do know she is a singer-songwriter and songwriter.
Yes, I do. I like reality television. What about you?
City of Fallen Angels is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
City of Fallen Angels is a fantasy/Adventure book written by David Fincher.
I'm not sure about any other books written by her but I can tell you it was released in 2013 and is in the Fantasy genre.
You're welcome!
Yes, Terry George directed The Fault in Our Stars, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Hotel Rwanda is a drama. Do you like drama?
The other Boleyn girl is starring Robert Downey Jr., who also starred in Zookeeper.
The Other Boleyn Girl is a drama.
The Other Boleyn Girl is a history movie. Do you like history movies?
The Other Boleyn Girl is starring Scarlett Johansson.
Sure! Franz Kafka wrote The Tales of Nmenor and Middle-Earth.
The Castle is a speculative fiction book that was released in 1920.
The book America is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
You're welcome!
He directed a lot of great films. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Catch Me If You Can is starring Tom Hanks and Nathalie Baye.
Sure! Paula Hawkins wrote The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you read that one?
Yes it was, it was a movie.
You're welcome!
Kiera Cass wrote The Time Machine and The Time Machine. Have you read those?
The Siren is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, I would recommend The Siren. It is a young-adult fiction.
Sure! The Modern Prometheus is a novel written by Stephen King. Are you familiar with his work?
The Modern Prometheus is a novel written by Percy Bysshe Shelley.
He also starred in The Last Stand, which is a comedy.
Yes, she was in Valentine's day, along with Robert De Niro.
Yes, Paper Towns is written by John Green and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, The Fault in Our Stars is written by John Green and is a young-adult fiction.
I don't know much about him but I do know he is a basketball player.
Yes, Walt Disney Allen was also a point guard as well
Yes they become point guards as well
The Scorch Trials is written by Steven Spielberg and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Way Station is a great sci-fi novel.
No, I haven't. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you like X-Men because it is a sci-fi or because it is an action movie?
I do not have that information but I can tell you it is a Sci-Fi movie.
Volcano is a sci-fi film starring Tom Hardy. Do you like sci-fi movies?
I haven't seen it but I have seen it. It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Missy Eliot starred in the movie Pink in the Thriller.
Missy Eliot was the lead in the film, but I don't have that information.
Glad I could help
He is a soccer player who plays for the Real Madrid C.F.
Not really. I am more of a soccer fan. I prefer American Football.
I like American Football. I prefer American Football. What about you?
I like American Football. I like American Football. What about you?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. What about you?
I think they will win the Super Bowl XLVII.
Alan Rickman is an actor. He starred in a lot of movies. He is a writer, actor, and a musician.
Scarface is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
If you like crime/thrillers, you might also like The Pillars of Earth.
That's right! Rodney Dangerfield also starred in Zookeeper and Zookeeper. Have you seen those?
Glad I could help!
Jonathan Dayton has written a lot of books. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Yes, Steve Carell also starred in it as well. Have you seen it?
The Incredible Burt Wonderstone was released in 2011.
You're welcome!
I know he is a singer, songwriter, and songwriter. Do you like his music?
I like some of Jordan's music. What about you?
I'm not sure, but I do know she is from Phoenix.
What Alice Forgot is written by Liane Moriarty and was released in 2009. Do you like her work?
It was released in 2010. It is a series.
Do you like Ender's Game because it is speculative fiction?
Speakers of the Dead is speculative fiction
Waylander is written by Steven Spielberg
You're welcome.
Do you like Aladdin because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
The Princess and the Frog is directed by Aladdin
You're welcome
She's a great singer, singer, singer, and actress. Do you like her music?
Did you know Lady Gaga is a composer and starred in The Edge of Glory?
Yes, Bradley Cooper was in the muppets too.
Do you like Coldplay because it is a song or because it is a song?
Do you like Coldplay because it's a comedy?
Yes they were. Amsterdam was a great place to visit.
Yes, he starred in a lot of movies. Would you like to know about any of them?
Yes, he starred in Titan A. E. and Trixie.
Yes, she is in Trixie.
You're welcome.
Kahil Gilbran wrote The Power of Thinking Without Thinking. Have you heard of that one?
The Prophet is a fantasy. what else can i answer for you today?
The Prophet was released in 2011. what else can i answer for you today?
you are welcome
Yes, Justin Timberlake is a singer-songwriter. Do you like his music?
Justin Timberlake is a singer, songwriter, and actor. Do you like any of his songs?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you he is a singer/songwriter.
I do! He's a great actor. Did you know he starred in a movie called Ayn Rand?
This book is a speculative fiction book
It was released in 2011
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you like the Wolverine because it is a Thriller or because it is a thriller?
Rise of the Guardians is a science fiction film
William Joyce wrote The Looking Glass Wars, which is a fantasy.
You're welcome.
Yes, it is a great movie. Do you like it because it is a thriller?
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in a lot of movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
The Last Dragon is a drama, do you like those kinds of movies?
Blood and Wine is written by Mike Starr. It's a drama.
The movie Shooter is written by Steven Spielberg and he is a Thriller.
I am not sure, but I can tell you it is written by Stephen Hunter. It is a thriller.
Yes, he did. The O.C. series is based on a series.
I hope you enjoy it!
Did you like Godfather because it is a Sci-Fi?
If you like crime movies, you might also like The Hunger Games. Have you seen it?
I am not sure who starred in Training Day, but it is a crime movie.
Sure! Maleficent is a sci-fi thriller. Do you like sci-fi?
Sure Angelina Jolie Pitt starred in a few movies, including The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
Yes, Mrs Smith was in it as well.
I didn't see Wedding Crashers, but I did see that one.
I'm not sure about that one but I can tell you it is a comedy.
He plays for the Minnesota Timberwolves. Do you like basketball?
He plays for the Germany national football team.
Toni Kroos plays for the Germany national football team.
Yes, he is a soccer player who plays for the Real Madrid C.F.
I don't know, but I do know Cristiano Ronaldo is from Spain.
I don't know much about her, but I do know she is from Portugal.
Sure, do you like Fantasy movies?
Yes, he starred in Edge of Tomorrow. Have you seen it?
If you like Edge of Tomorrow, you might want to check out Shark Night. It stars Tom Cruise and Noah Taylor.
Yes, Bill Murray is a great actor.
I hope you enjoy it.
I do. Did you know 500 Days of Summer is a Romance film?
Zooey Deschanel is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
If you like murder mystery, you should check out Zooey Deschanel if you like murder mystery.
I haven't seen Pacifier, but I haven't seen it yet. Have you seen it?
Yes, Margaret Stohl is a writer, author, and author. She is a writer, author, author, and author.
She's written a few great romance novels, but if you like romance novels, you might want to try The Looking Glass Wars. It's a good one.
Beautiful Darkness is a movie. Beautiful Darkness is a movie. Are you interested in that movie?
I don't know much about them but I do know they are in the National League.
George Steinbrenner is from New York, New York.
Yes, it was written by Steven Spielberg. He is a great writer.
The movie was produced by Michael Pavone
Michael Pavone also produced A Walk in the Woods which is a thriller.
The genre is Thriller
Inside Out is a comedy
Yes Bruce Dern starred in that movie along with Michael Rapaport
Good Will Hunting is starring Will Hunting. Are you a fan of thrillers?
Yes, it is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
No, I haven't heard of Push, Nevada.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them but I do know they are in the National Football League. Do you like them?
Yes, Joe Montana is a great player. I like Joe Montana.
I don't know much about the Steelers. Who is their quarterback?
The Thorn Birds is a Speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
The Women of Brewster Place is written by William Shakespeare.
The Women of Brewster Place is starring Gloria Naylor and Gloria Naylor.
Yes. Gloria Naylor starred in The Women of Brewster Place.
I hope you enjoy it.
Dark Lover is written by J.R. Ward and is a speculative fiction book.
Yes, Tyrannosaur Canyon was released in 2005.
The Mist is a great sci-fi thriller. Do you like those kinds of books?
The Mist is a great sci-fi book. If you like sci-fi, you might also like The Maze Runner.
I'm sure you will enjoy them!
Shelley Duvall starred in The Pillars of the Earth. Have you seen it?
It's a horror film. It's based on a novel that was made into a movie. Do you like horror films?
I'm sorry, I don't have any ideas for that movie.
You're very welcome!
Sure, Oliver Hirschiegel starred in a lot of movies. Would you like to know more about those?
The Invasion is starring Scarlett Johansson. Are you a fan of thrillers?
She also starred in The Invasion of the Body Snatchers.
You're welcome!
I know a little bit about him, but I don't know much about him. Are you a fan of his?
Cadillac Records is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Lady Gaga is a very talented actress. Did you know she starred in a lot of movies like The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo?
No, I haven't seen it. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Will Smith is a great actor. Will Smith also starred in The Muppets.
Martin Gardner starred in a lot of movies. Did you know he is also a director?
Essential readings is a non-fiction book written by Martin Gardner. Do you like non-fiction?
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland is written by John Scalzi.
You're welcome!
Do you like the Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers because it is a fantasy?
He starred in The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers, and The Return of the King. Have you seen those?
I'm not sure if he starred in Zulu, but if you like Thrillers, he also starred in The Return of the King.
You're welcome!
Yes, I like Sylvia Plath. She is a writer, poet, and author.
I don't know much about him other than he plays golf. Do you like golf?
I like Caddyshack. I've seen Happy Gilmore. Have you seen it?
Yes, I loved Hot Tub Time Machine too.
Yes, he directed The Road to El Dorado. Have you seen that one?
The Butterfly Effect is a drama.
You're welcome.
Now You See Me is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It's a drama/mystery that was made into a movie.
The Pelican Brief is a crime/action film directed by Alan Pakula. It is based on a novel.
Do you like Juno because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Have you seen X-Men Origins: Wolverine? It is a young adult film.
It is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Bradley Cooper is starring in The Perks of Being a Wallflower
I don't have any recommendations for any new movies but I do have recommendations for movies he's starred in.
I'm not sure if he's a comedy movie but if you like comedy movies, you might also like X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans, The Light Between Oceans, and The Light Between Oceans.
It was released in 2012 and is a thriller.
X-Men: Days of Future Past is a great thriller movie
Have a good day.
Pride and Prejudice is written by Jane Austen. Do you like books written by Jane Austen?
Lullaby is written by Jane Austen.
He also wrote Sense and Sensibility, which is speculative fiction.
Yes, I like Shooter because it is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
I don't have any information on that movie, but I do know that Tate Donovan was in the O.C. because it is a Sci-Fi.
Peter Gallagher also starred in The Last Stand, which is a comedy.
I'm not sure if it's a movie, but it's a drama/mystery.
Sure, Rocky is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Do you like martial art movies?
Undisputed is a martial art film. Do you like martial art movies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like Water for Elephants because it is a drama or because it is a fantasy?
If you like historical period dramas, you might also like Water for Elephants, which is a historical period drama.
I don't have that information but I do know that The Age of Innocence was released in 2004.
You're welcome.
Yes, he is a great basketball player. Do you like basketball?
I'm not much of a basketball fan. I don't know much about him. What is your favorite player?
I agree, I agree. I agree.
I'm not sure about that, but I do know that he is a basketball player.
Yes, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time is written by Rick Riordan.
I don't have any information on any other books by him but I can tell you that Mark Haddon wrote a book called The Invisible Man.
Sure, do you like Godfather because it is a thriller?
Yes it is. Do you like it because it is a comedy?
Apocalypses Now is a science fiction movie. Do you like science fiction movies?
Apocalypse Now is a great movie.
She's a great actress. She's been in a lot of movies. Did you know she starred in The Princess Diaries?
Do you like Prisoner of Shark Island because it is a fantasy movie?
Yes, James Newton Howard is a great actor.
Private Benjamin is a Parody.
You're very welcome!
Meg Cabot wrote Meg Cabot. Meg Cabot is a writer. Do you like science fiction?
Underworld is speculative fiction
Meg Cabot is a writer, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, & Twilight is a great. Meg Cabot also
You're very welcome!
Insomnia is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Insomnia is starring Scarlett Johansson, Robert De Niro, and Robert Duvall.
It came out in 2012. It is a thriller.
Glad I could help!
Do you like him because he starred in a lot of movies?
Yes, he also starred in a few of his movies, such as Winnie the Pooh. Have you seen it?
Saving Grace was released in 2011.
Yes, she is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I don't know much about tennis but I know Simona Halep is from Switzerland.
Yes Victoria Azarenka is also a tennis player.
I don't know much about them but I do know they are in the National Football League. Do you like them?
I agree. Did you know that Jon Gruden was a member of the National Football League?
It's a book written by John Madden, but I don't have that information right now.
127 Hours is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
If you like thrillers, you might also like The Incredibles. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he was in the rom-com 1-3. Have you seen that one?
Yes, The Wrestler is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
The Wrestler is a drama.
You're welcome.
Yes, Virat is a cricket player from India. Do you like cricket?
I don't know much about soccer but I do know Virat is from Bangalore.
I'm not sure, but I know Virat Kohli is from Bangalore.
Yes, The Chronicles of Narnia is written by J.K. Rowling and is speculative fiction.
Sure! C.S. Lewis wrote The Chronicles of Narnia, The Chronicles of Narnia, and The Return of the Native.
Prince Caspian is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
Glad to be of help
Sure. J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan. Have you read it?
There is one similar to Peter Pan, it was released in 1904
I'm sorry, I don't have any other examples.
The Sea Wolf is a Speculative fiction, do you like that genre?
Sure, The Sea Wolf is a mystery, written by Peter Pan.
The book Male is a speculative fiction novel.
He wrote расска и овести, рат и овести.
Eecbl was also written by Richard Pevear. He was also a teacher.
Eecbl is in the genre of science fiction.
Yes, The Cabin in the Woods is written by Jack London.
Kristen Connolly wrote Cabin in the Woods. Have you seen it?
Yes it is. Do you like Ty Olsson?
Hope you enjoy it!
Do you like Batman v Superman because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
If you like Superhero movies, you might want to check out Avengers: Age of Ultron. Have you seen it?
Sure, he also directed Transformers and The Lost World: Jurassic Park. Have you seen those?
I don't have any other Sci-Fi movies I can recommend.
2006 is the year that released A Scanner Darkly.
The Blind Side is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
If you like Biographical films, I would recommend The Last Stand. It's a good one.
It's a biographical film about a young woman who meets a young woman and falls under a romantic relationship with a young woman.
Glad I could help!
Venus Williams is a great tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I do, but I don't follow tennis too closely
Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus Venus
Yes, it is a great movie. Do you like superhero movies?
Woman in Gold is a great movie. It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I haven't seen The Other Boleyn Girl but I think you will enjoy it.
Do you like Crime movies?
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time is directed by Steven Spielberg.
It's a great movie. It stars Robert De Niro, Robert De Niro and Robert De Niro.
It was released in 2004.
I have not seen Superman Returns, but I do like it because it is a Sci-Fi movie.
It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
That's a great movie. Did you know You've Got Mail was directed by Steven Spielberg?
Yes, he was in that movie as well. Did you know that Tom Hank also starred in a movie called The Last Samurai?
I hope you enjoy it!
You're very welcome!
The Deception Point is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
yes Techno-thriller is listed. what else can i answer today?
what else can i answer today?
Do you like Marley & Me because it is a comedy?
I'm not sure about that, but Lemony Snicket wrote The Wide Window.
The Wide Window is based on a book that was made into a movie. It is based on a novel.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote Slippery Slope.
You're welcome!
I hope you enjoy it!
I love Outlander. It was written by Steven Spielberg. Do you like Steven Spielberg?
Diana Gabaldon also wrote Inferno, which is a romance novel.
I'm not sure, but Diana Gabaldon wrote My Own Heart's Blood is a novel.
The second book in the series is My Own Heart's Blood.
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Brazil national football team.
I am not a fan of football but I do know Marcelo Vieira is from Rio de Janeiro.
I'm not sure if Hayden Panettiere was in it, but I think Hayden Panettiere was in it as well.
Yes, Roland Emmerich directed The Road to El Dorado. Have you seen it?
Independence day is a drama. Do you like drama?
I don't have any information on that one, but I can tell you that he also starred in a movie called Unbreakable. Have you seen that one?
Wyatt Earp was directed by Roland Emmerich.
I love Madonna! She's a great singer, singer, and actress.
I like some of Madonna's music. What about you? I'm a big fan of Madonna.
Michael Jackson is a favorite song of his. What about you?
I don't know much about them but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer
I don't know much about them except that they are in the National Football League. Are they your favorite team?
I don't know a lot about football, but I do know that the Jets are coached by John Fox.
Yes, I do. He is a writer, actor, and actor. He starred in a lot of movies. Have you seen them?
Snatch is a Sci-Fi movie starring Robert Downey Jr. and is a thriller.
It was released in 2012. It's a crime film.
Sure. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, I have heard of them. They are in the National Football League. Are you a fan?
I am not sure, but I do know they are based on a popular K-pop group.
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you it is a war film based on a novel.
He starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
Yes, he is. He was also in X-Men Origins.
Do you like Eminem because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Yes, Timbaland is also friends with Snoop Dogg. Did you know he is also a musician?
I'm not sure if it's a Thriller, but if you like Thrillers, you might also like Xenocide.
You're welcome!
Shelley Duvall starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen that one?
Time Bandits is starring Shelley Duvall, Shelley Duvall, Shelley Duvall, Shelley Duvall and many others.
Twilight of the Ice Nymphs is starring Shelley Duvall and is a drama film.
She was also in a movie called Unbreakable. Have you seen it?
Donna Tartt wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read those?
The book is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Donna Tartt wrote The Secret History and The Secret History. Have you read those?
It's a fiction book. Do you like fiction books?
Sure! Michael Bay starred in a number of movies, including The Good Doctor, The Bad Doctor and The Bad Doctor. Have you seen any of those?
I don't have any information on that movie, but I can tell you it was directed by Michael Bay if you like action movies.
Yes, Dwayne Johnson starred in Pain & Gain which is a thriller.
Thx is an action film. Do you like action movies?
Yes, Rohit Sharma is an Indian international cricketer who plays for the Mumbai Indians.
I'm not really familiar with this sport but I do know Rohit Sharma is from India.
I don't know much about American football but I do like American Football.
I think I will win the Super Bowl XLVII
Sure! Lea Thompson starred in The Mists of Avalon which is a thriller. Have you seen it?
Yes, she was in Babysitting. Have you seen that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that movie.
I'm sure you will enjoy it!
Audrey Niffenegger wrote The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you read it?
Time Traveler's Wife is a drama
Stanlee was written by Philip Pullman
Sure! Jorja Fox starred in a lot of movies. Would you like to hear more about those?
Memento is written by Steven Spielberg. He is also a TV producer.
Yes, he also wrote The Manchurian Candidate which is a drama.
Will do.
I don't know much about them but I do know they are in the National Football League. Do you like them?
I like the Kansas City Chiefs. Who is your favorite player?
I don't have any information on that team but I do know they are in the National Football League.
I don't have that information but I do know they are coached by John Fox.
Yes, he wrote Victor Hugo, which is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Have you read Les Miserables?
Do you like books written by Victor Hugo because it is a Romantic Fiction?
Deadpool is a superhero movie. Do you like superhero movies?
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy is written by Douglas Adams.
Deadpool was released in 2004 and is a superhero movie.
Glad I could help!
I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about him but I do know he plays for the Belgium national football team.
I like American Football. What about you?
I'm not sure. Is there anything else I can help with?
She's a great actress. Did you know Selena Gomez starred in The Wedding Date and was also in The Wedding Date.
I'm not sure, but I do know Selena Gomez starred in Men in Black 3.
No, I haven't seen it. I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Step Brothers is a Sci-Fi film directed by Steven Spielberg. He also directed The Last Stand. Have you seen it?
Yes, John C. Reilly is a great writer. Did you know that Will Ferrell is also a writer?
It was released in 1994. Did you know that Will Ferrell is also a writer?
Sure, The Tragedy of Macbeth is written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
The Tragedy of King Richard the Third is written by William Shakespeare.
The Tragedy of King Richard the Third is a drama.
Yes, William Shakespeare is influenced by William Shakespeare.
Sure, he directed The Proposal. Have you seen that one?
King's Speech is rated PG and a screenwriter.
Zero Effect was released in 2011.
I don't know much about them but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I didn't know that. I'm not sure if he's a defensive back.
I'm not sure, but I do know that they were coached by John Fox.
Sure! Face/Off is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like his movies?
I like Rihanna. She is a great singer. Do you like her music?
Battleship with Taylor Kitsch also starred Jennifer Jason Leigh. Do you like thrillers?
Liam Neeson is a great actor. I think you will enjoy it.
Yes, AB de Villiers is a singer-songwriter. Do you like his music?
AB de Villiers is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Yes, I listen to R&B and Gospel.
Yes, it is a great movie. Do you like it because it is a thriller?
Yes, he was. Did you know he also starred in The Rum Diary?
I haven't seen them but I do know they are in the Thriller genre.
I hope you enjoy it!
Are you looking for other books written by J.K. Rowling?
Have you read Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone?
Do you like Juraissic because it is a science fiction movie?
Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, Burt Reynolds starred in X-Men Origins
I don't have any information on that, but I can tell you it is a science fiction movie
Sure, have you ever seen the X-Men series, X-Men: First Class, X-Men: Apocalypse?
I don't have any information on any of his movies
Dave McKean wrote Wizard's First Rule, Wizard's First Rule, and Wizard's First Rule. Have you read any of those?
Yes, it was co-written by Stephen King.
It's a great book. It's a great book. It's a great book.
You're very welcome!
Yes, Forrest Gump is written by Winston Groom.
I don't know much about them but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I don't know much about the Buccaneers.
I'm not sure
They are going to make the playoffs today
I agree. She is a very talented singer. Did you know she was born in London?
She is a great singer
Do you like Liam Neeson because Liam Neeson is friends?
Yes, I do. He's one of the most popular singers of all time. Have you heard of him?
yes he was. do you like his music?
i love her. do you like her music?
Charlotte Bront wrote Charlotte Bront, which is a novel. Do you like her work?
Jane Eyre is a novel written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his writings?
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Le Comte de Monte-Cristo is written by Robin Buss and was released in 1844.
Robin Buss wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo, which is in the genre of Speculative fiction.
It was written by Robin Buss and was released in 1847.
Station Eleven was written by St. John Mandel. Do you like the author, St. John Mandel?
Sure, she also wrote Into the Wild which was released in 2014.
Last Night in Montreal is a drama. Do you like drama?
You're welcome!
Yes, The 5th Wave is written by Rick Riordan. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, I like The Last Star and The Infinite Sea. Have you read them?
Robert Graves is also a writer and author. Are you familiar with his work?
Robert Jackson wrote a lot of good books, but he also wrote Into the Wild. Have you read that one?
King Richard the Second is written by Robert Jackson
King Richard the Second was written in 1867
Do you like the Notebook because it is a thriller?
I'm not sure if they have a historical feel to them but they have a classic Romance.
Water for Elephants stars Jennifer Jason Leigh. It's a great movie.
Of course!
Yes, I do! It is a great book written by Jamie Bitter and Sweet is a great book.
I am not sure, but I do know that Songs of Willow Frost was released in 2013
I believe it is somewhere in the United States of America.
I'm not sure, but I do know that Songs of Willow Frost is in the same genre.
Batman Begins is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Morgan Freeman starred in a lot of movies, but if you like action movies, you might also like X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Morgan Freeman also starred in the movie X-Men Origins: Wolverine, have you seen it?
Do you like Time to Kill because it is a Speculative fiction?
If you like mysteries, you might also like The Time to Kill. It is a mystery.
Have you read any of the books by James Patterson?
Margaret R. Higonnet wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented. Have you read it?
Yes, Tim Dolin is a writer and author.
He has written a few books, but he has written a few of them. Would you like to know some of them?
Robert Galbraith wrote Silkworm and the Cuckoo's calling
She also wrote The Silkworm and The Cuckoo's Calling.
You're welcome
Do you like books written by J.K. Rowling?
It is a fantasy
The Looking Glass Wars is a good one
The goonies is a fantasy
Your welcome
Do you like books written by J.K. Rowling?
Yes it was written by Simmons. Simmons is a writer and author.
Yes, he also wrote The Dark Knight Rises.
I do, he is a great actor. He starred in a lot of movies. Have you seen them?
I don't have any information on that one, but I can tell you he is a great actor.
I'm not sure, but I do know that James Coburn also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Yes, Young Frankenstein is a great movie.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about him but I do know he is a point guard for the Portland National Football team.
I'm not a big basketball fan but I do know he is a point guard.
He is a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers.
Do you like books written by J.K. Rowling?
Sure. You might also like The Return of the Native, which is a literary realism.
I know they are a K-Pop band. They are a K-Pop band.
I don't have any information on that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Pink is a singer, singer, singer, singer, singer, and dancer.
The Poisonwood Bible is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Poisonwood Bible was released in 1926.
I would definitely recommend World Without End, it is a great book.
That is a good one, you might also like The Looking Glass Wars.
You're very welcome!
Yes, Looper is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
yes it is. what else can i answer for you today?
have a good day
Sure! Do you like romance movies?
Yes, he also directed A Beautiful Mind. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
The Devil in the White City: Murder, Magic, and Madness at the Fair Fair that Changed America was written by Tony Gilroy.
Tony Goldwyn also wrote Into the Wild which is starring Tom Hanks
Someone Like You is a comedy
You are welcome
It was written by J.K. Rowling and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like Speculative fiction?
Yes, it is a book written by Peter Jackson.
You are welcome.
I don't know much about him but I do know he was born in Argentina.
A Clockwork Orange was released in 2012.
Yes, it is a great movie starring Tom Hanks
I'm not sure if it's a good one but it's classified as a drama as well.
Sure! Fiona Stafford wrote Emma, Emma, and Emma. Have you read any of those?
Sure! Philippa Gregory wrote The Matrix, The Matrix, and The Matrix. Have you read any of those?
Wideacre is speculative fiction, do you like that genre?
Yes, The White Queen is a historical fiction book.
Glad I could help!
Yes, Arsenal is a sports team. Do you like sports teams?
They play the New England Patriots in the NFC North.
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like them?
Yes, I like Wally Lamb. Did you know Wally Lamb is a writer, author, and author?
Yes, I Know This Much Is True is a great Fiction novel.
Did you know Anne Tyler is also a writer?
You're welcome
I don't know much about them except that they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
Not really, but I am a Packers fan. How about you?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
Sure, do you like thrillers, because it is a thriller?
Part III stars Robert Downey Jr. and Robert Downey Jr.
It was released in 2003 and also starred Alexander Payne.
You're welcome!
Yes, I agree. She is a great singer. Did you know she was born in Rio de Janeiro?
Yes Victoria Justice was great in Victorious. Did you know she also starred in The Women of Brewster Place?
I'm not sure, but Victoria Justice also starred in the children's television series Victorious.
Yes, she was in that one as well. She is a great actress.
Downfall is written by Dan Brown. It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure! Windtalkers is a war film, about the code of the code that was used during war.
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
The Catchter in the Rye is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, I would recommend The Fault in Our Stars, which is also a fiction novel.
Sure, you might also like The Witch of Blackbird Pond, which is also a fiction novel.
Glad I could help!
Yes, Big Hero 6 is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, Ralphand Wall E is a Sci-Fi movie.
I'm not sure if that's true. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Mindy Kaling was the author of Wreck-it Ralph.
Glad I could help!
The Miami Dolphins are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
Do you like them because they are in the National Football League?
I don't know much about him, but I do know that he is a professional football player.
Yes, Wes Anderson wrote The Assassin's Blade. Have you seen that one?
Owen Wilson starred in The Royal Tenenbaums, The Royal Tenenbaums, and The Royal Tenenbaums.
Yes, he is a minor role in the movie.
Justin Rose is a golfer born in London.
I don't have any stats on him but I do know he is from England.
I'm not sure if he's a good golfer but I do know he won the 2012 PGA Championship.
Sure! Virginia Woolf is a writer, author, author, and author. She wrote The Shadowhunter's Code, which is a fiction novel.
She is a writer, writer, writer, writer, and author. She wrote a few books. Would you like to know more about those?
To The Lighthouse was released in 1817.
Sure. Sending it now.
Yes, he is a basketball player who plays point guard for the Denver Nuggets.
He is on the New Orleans Saints. Do you like basketball?
I am a fan of the Denver Nuggets. Are you a fan of them?
Shelly Duvall starred in a lot of movies. Would you like to know about other movies he starred in?
Time Bandits is an action film. Do you like action films?
You're welcome!
Sure! Michael Mann directed The Incredible Hulk and The Incredible Hulk. Have you seen either of those?
I don't have any information on that one. However, I can tell you that Shawn Hatosy also starred in a movie called The Manchurian Candidate.
Collateral is a Romantic Thriller.
Do you like Frances Mayes because she is a tennis player?
She also wrote Under the Tuscan Sun, which was made into a movie.
I hope you enjoy it!
I do! She's a great singer, singer, singer, and actress.
She is very talented and has a good voice
That is a good one
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver.
I don't know much about Roethlisberger, but I do know he is a football player.
He wrote Shadowland and Night Star. Have you read either of those?
Shadowland is a fantasy novel written by Alyson Noel. Would you like to read it?
Evermore is a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy books?
You're welcome!
Yes, James Rodrguez is a midfielder and plays for the Colombia national football team. Do you like football?
Do you like American Football?
I agree Radamel Falcao is a good athlete. I like Radamel Falcao because he is an athlete.
Dead Poets Society is written by Charlaine Harris and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Dead Poets Society is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I'm sorry, I don't have any similar books.
Well, if you like Drama, you might also like the movie Welcome to Mooseport.
Great, enjoy!
Yes, John Tiffany is a singer-songwriter, songwriter, and author.
Yes, it was also written by J.K. Rowling. Did you know she is also a teacher?
Yes, it is a movie. Do you like movies written by JK Rowling?
Sure! Milan Kundera is a writer, author, and author. Do you like his work?
Smni lásky is a romance novel.
You're welcome!
The Bourne Identity is starring Matt Damon. Do you like it because it is a thriller?
The Bourne Identity-The Story is starring Matt Damon. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, The Bourne Legacy is starring Scarlett Johansson.
Sure! Laura Hillenbrand wrote The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban. Have you read those?
Laura Hillenbrand wrote a few books, but I don't have any information on any of them.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes, he directed The Golden Compass. Have you seen it yet?
Yes, Reese Witherspoon starred in Walk the Line and Kate & Leopold.
Yes, it won the Bravo Award for Best Actress of the Year Award for Best Actress.
If you like Romance films, you might also like X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
To Kill a Mockingbird is written by Harper Lee. Do you like books by Harper Lee?
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
Sure, Jason Cope starred in The Matrix. Have you seen it?
Spud is a drama
Yes, he starred in a romance movie called Unbreakable
Robert De Niro is also in Spud
Yes, Irwin kershner directed Irwin kershner starred in a lot of movies. Irwin kershner starred in a lot of movies.
The Return of a Man Called Horse is a thriller and The Last Temptation of Christ is starring Tom Hanks
You're welcome.
Yes, Rob Riggle is an actor. He starred in a lot of movies. Have you seen any of them?
The Other Guys is starring Rob Riggle
The Other Guys was released in 1994
Glad I could help
Sure! Morgan Freeman starred in The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby. Have you seen those?
Yes. Ned Bellamy also starred in The Green Hornet. Have you seen it?
Yes, Jonathan Hyde is also an actor.
Glad I could help. Enjoy!
Blood Diamond is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I am not sure about that, but I can tell you it is a thriller.
Did you like Leonardo DiCaprio because it was a biographical film?
Inception is a biographical film. Do you like that kind of movie?
Yes, James Cameron did. He is a great actor.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! 50/50 is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Okay, have a good day! 50/50 is starring Jennifer Jason Leigh.
Yes, Vanessa Fertilio starred in a lot of movies, but I would recommend checking out X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
You're welcome.
Yes, they are a basketball team. Do you like basketball?
Yes, the Washington Wizards are a basketball team.
Yes, Nanking is a basketball movie starring Stephen Dorff. Do you like basketball?
I do! She is a great author. She is a writer, author, and author. Have you read her books?
The Long Winter was written by Laura Ingalls Wilder and was released in 2012.
If you like historical fiction, you might like The Looking Glass Wars.
I'm sorry, I don't have that right now.
Sure, he wrote Then Came Love and Then Came Love. Have you read those?
Have you read Xenocide?
If you like that one, you might want to try Out of the Blue, which is also a good read.
Afraid of Virginia Woolf is also a play written by John Scalzi.
One child's Courage to Survive was directed by David Platt.
It was written by David Platt and released in 1991.
Brad Garrett starred in a lot of movies. Would you like to know more about the movies he starred in?
Yes, Jim Belushi and Jay Leno star in it as well.
The Pacifier was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
The Devil Wears Prada is a drama. Do you like drama?
The Devil Wears Prada is starring Scarlett Johansson
There is a romance movie called The Time Traveler's Wife
I am not sure, but I do know it was directed by Jennifer Jason Leigh
Water for Elephants was released in 2004
Glad I could help
Sure! Jennifer lopez starred in Taken and Taken. Have you seen either of those?
He is a soccer player who plays for the Colombia national football team. Do you like soccer?
Yes, they are. They are coached by Jose Mourinho.
I don't have that information, but I do know he is from Colombia.
I don't have that information but I do know Radamel Falcao is from Columbia.
Yes, it is a great movie. It stars Robert De Niro and Robert De Niro. Are you a fan?
Do you like As Good as It Gets because it is a thriller?
It's a drama/mystery that was released in 2012.
Terms of Endearment was released in 2011.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver.
I don't know who owns the team but I know Tyron Brackenridge owns the team.
I haven't heard much about them but I do know Wayne Weaver is a good owner.
Saina Nehwal is a professional cricketer who plays for the Mumbai Indians.
Yes she did. She was also in the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.
I'm a huge sports fan. My favorite sport is Basketball.
He's from New Zealand. He's also from India.
You're welcome!
Yes, I can tell you that Nicholas Sparks wrote The Notebook and The Notebook. Have you read those?
It was released in the English language. It was also written in English.
I am not sure about that, but I can tell you that Nicholas Sparks is also a writer and a writer.
Yes, he was also a Screenwriter.
Tony Hendra is a comedian, comedian, comedian, comedian, comedian, and author.
You're very welcome!
Pulp Fiction was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
There is. Kill Bill is a sequel to Kill Bill. It's a thriller.
Yes, Uma Thurman is still in Kill Bill. She's starred in it as well.
You're welcome!
Sin City is a great movie. Do you like it because it is a thriller?
Sin City is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Robert Rodriguez starred in it as well as Robert Rodriguez.
You're welcome!
Kite Runner is a Kite Runner book written by Khaled Hosseini.
Yes, Khaled Hosseini is a movie and it was a movie.
I don't have that information but I do know that Khaled Hosseini also starred in that movie.
I hope you enjoy it!
Christina Lamb is a singer-songwriter. Do you like her music?
Yes, Veronika wrote Veronika decide morrer.
Yes, The Alchemist is a theater director. Do you like theaters?
Sure. J.M. Barrie wrote peter pan
Peter Pan is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his books?
The Great Gatsby is a drama that was released in 2009.
Yes, I would also recommend The Great Gatsby, which is a drama.
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is written by John Scalzi.
It was released in 1925 and is a drama.
Yes, The Fighter is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Jane Eyre is a novel written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
Charlotte Bront wrote Jane Eyre. She also wrote Jane Eyre.
Villette is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Just Listen is a speculative fiction. Do you like speculative fiction?
Sarah Dessen is a writer of Young-adult fiction. Sarah Dessen also wrote Sense and Sensibility. Have you read those?
This Lullabye is a young-adult fiction novel.
Do you like him because he is a musician or a musician?
Yes. Steve Kloves wrote The Amazing Spider-Man and 500 Days of Summer.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
Glad I could help!
I don't know much about him but I do know he is a musician.
I don't know much about cricket, but I do know AB de Villiers is from Johannesburg.
I do. I am not a fan of cricket but I do follow it.
Baz Luhrmann directed The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it?
I am not sure who starred in this movie but Baz Luhrmann starred in The Great Gatsby
Glad I could help
Hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I do. Did you know that The Princess Diaries was written by Stephanie Meyer?
Then you might like The Princess Diaries. It is a romantic comedy.
Yes, that is a great fairy tale. It is a great movie.
Yes, it is a very dark movie. It is based on a classic.
The Call of the Wild is written by Rick Riordan. Are you familiar with his work?
Sure. Jack London also wrote The Return of the Native and The Return of the Native.
To Build a Fire is a great book. It was released in 1847 and is a novel.
I have not, but I know it was written by Jamie McGuire
Yes, Walking Disaster was written by Jamie McGuire. It is a speculative fiction.
I think you will enjoy it. It is a great book.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like her movies because it is a drama or because it is starring Jennifer Lawrence?
Yes Robert De Niro was in Silver Linings Playbook
Meet the Parents is a comedy.
Glad I could help
I don't know much about them but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf
The Bears are owned by Bill Bidwell. Are you a Bears fan?
I don't know much about football, but I do know they are owned by Bill Bidwell.
Beloved is written by Toni Morrison. Do you like her work?
If you like historical fiction, you might also like The Last Stand or The Last Stand.
Love Actually is a movie starring Billy Bob Thornton. It's a thriller.
I love her music. Did you know she is a singer/songwriter?
Yes, Liam Hensworth is also a musician and musician.
Did you know Nicolas Sparks also starred in The Last Song?
The Lucky One is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Nicholas Sparks wrote The Lucky One. He also wrote The Casual Vacancy. Have you read that one?
The Notebook was made into a movie. Nicholas Sparks also wrote The Notebook which was made into a movie.
You're welcome.
Jean-Marc Vallée starred in The Virgin Suicides and The Virgin Suicides. Have you seen either of those?
I'm not sure, but Jean-Marc Vallée starred in a lot of movies.
Yes, it's about the Queen.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
Sorry, I don't have that information right now.
She also starred in The Princess and the Frog.
Sure. Sending Queen Victoria now.
The Fast and the Furious is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
I'm sorry, I don't have any latest racing movies
The Fast and the Furious movie is starring Daniel Radcliffe
You're welcome
Do you like World War Z because it is a Thriller?
Do you like World War Z because it is a War movie?
Yes, it is a great movie. Do you like it because it is a thriller?
Yes, he also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Sure, he also starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse
You're welcome.
Cat's Cradle is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr is a writer and author. Kurt Vonnegut Jr wrote a lot of mythology. Do you like mythology?
I don't have any information on Vonnegut's Vonnegut Jr. but I can tell you that Kurt Vonnegut Jr is a writer and author.
I hope you enjoy!
Kyrie Irving is a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
Yes, Doc Rivers was a point guard as well.
I'm not sure about that, but I do know he was drafted to the LA Clippers
I do! He is a great singer, songwriter and songwriter. Are you a fan?
I don't know any other singers but I do know Sam Smith is a singer/songwriter.
Yes it is. Emile Zola is also a screenwriter as well.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are in the National Football League.
No, I didn't know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am not a basketball fan, but I do know the Philadelphia 76ers are a basketball team.
Yes, he's a great actor. He's starred in a lot of movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
It was written by Chris Weitz. It is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Yes, it is. Warren Zide is a producer of American Pie.
Are you looking for a specific genre of movies by the same author or genre?
I haven't seen Zodiac, but I haven't seen it.
I don't know a lot about him, but I do know he was in The Assassin's Blade. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure if he was in Iron Man but he was also in The Assassin's Blade. Have you seen that one?
I am not a big basketball fan but I do know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt
I'm not sure about Golden State Warriors, but I do know Philadelphia 76ers is a National Basketball Association.
I'm not sure about that, but I'm sure it's hilarious!
I'm not sure if he produced it, but Kevin James also produced it. He's a great actor.
Madame Bovary is written by Frances Mayes.
Yes it was. It was released in 1800.
There is a similar book called Madame Bovary that was also written by Margaret Mauldon.
You're welcome.
Yes, Ara Celi starred in American Beauty. Have you seen it?
It was written by Ara Celi and also starred Jennifer Jason Leigh.
Sure, he has starred in a few of his movies, including X-Men: Days of Future Past, and Xenocide
I don't know much about her but I do know she is married to Serena Williams.
Yes, she is a great tennis player.
I'm not sure about that, but I do know Maria Sharapova is also a tennis player as well.
Yes, Ridley Scott directed The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen it?
I don't have any information on that movie but I do know that Ridley Scott directed The Pillars of Earth
All The Money in the World is a Sci-Fi movie directed by David Fincher
He has also starred in a lot of movies, such as X-Men: Days of Future Past, X-Men: Apocalypse, X-Men: Apocalypse, X-Men: Apocalypse
Glad I could help!
I am not sure if Shakira has a new album out, but I do know she is a singer-songwriter.
Love in the Time of Cholera is starring Katharine McPhee
I'm not sure, but Shakira won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.
Coraline is a great book written by Neil Gaiman. Do you like his work?
Coraline is an animated film. Do you like animated films?
I'm sorry, I don't have any similar movies. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Wicked City is a horror film written by Neil Gaiman. It is based on a novel.
Sure, Margaret Atwood wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex. Have you heard of it?
He wrote Where the Red Fern Grows and Where the Red Fern Grows. Have you read either of those?
Yes, he also wrote the book Where the Red Fern Grows. Have you read it?
It was released in 1994
You're welcome
You're welcome
The Notebook is a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure if he's written any other Romance novels, but Nicolas Sparks also wrote The Notebook.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other recommendations for novels by him.
You're welcome!
Sure, he wrote Moby Dick and The Whale. Have you read either of those?
Yes, that's right. Did you know that 1851 was the year that released The Crucible?
You're very welcome!
P.D. Eastman wrote The Best Nest and Go, Dog Go.
Yes, it is a Children's Literature. Do you like children's literature?
Yes, Dr. Suess wrote Go!
Sure! Bob Peck is a scientist, a scientist, and a scientist. Do you like science fiction?
Surviving Picasso is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Surviving Picasso is starring Scarlett Johansson
Sure, he wrote The Last Stand and The Last Stand. Have you read those?
Yes, The Godfather is a drama. Do you like drama?
Done
Danny Boyle is a great director. Do you like his movies?
Yes, he was in Trance. He also starred in a few of his movies.
127 Hours is a drama. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Sure! Brad Pitt starred in a lot of great movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
I don't have any information on that
X-Men: Days of Future Past is another good one
Brad Pitt also starred in the movie Troy
You are welcome
Are you looking for a movie similar to Fantastic 4: Rise of the Silver Surfer?
Yes, he starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen that one?
Glad I could help!
I don't know much about soccer but I do know she is a member of the American soccer team.
Do you like Oldboy because it is a Thriller?
Do you like Philip Pullman because he is a scientist?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on Robin Jarvis.
You are welcome.
Stanley Corngold wrote Die Verwandlung and Die Verwandlung.
The Verwandlung is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
Zero Dark Thirty is a sci-fi thriller. Do you like sci-fi?
Yes, he was in Take Chance. Have you seen it?
Yes, Linus Roache starred in The Psychological Thriller.
I'm not sure, but Linus Scott starred in The Ten Commandments.
Glad I could help!
Yes, Casino Royale is written by Philip Pullman and is a speculative fiction.
I do not have that information but I do know it was written by Robert Wade.
It was released in 2012.
Yes, it is a television series.
You're welcome.
Sure, do you like sci-fi films?
Tom Tykwer starred in the Sci-Fi Genre, which is a thriller
Charlize Theron has been in a number of films, including X-Men: Days of Future Past, X-Men: Apocalypse
You're welcome
You're welcome.
Do you like Taxi Driver because it is a thriller?
Yes, you are right, have a great day!
There is a lot of other movies you may enjoy are; Zombieland, Zombieland, and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Great, enjoy!
Do you like it because it's a science fiction movie?
Ken Follett wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is a thriller. Have you read that one?
The Day of the Jackal is a horror attempt attempt by an assassination of a murderer.
Yes, she is a great author. She wrote The Princess and the Frog. Have you read it?
Yes, Anne Frank also wrote A Christmas Carol. Have you heard of that one?
The Bell Jar is written by Anne Frank. It's a historical period drama.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like his work?
He's a great actor. He's been in a lot of movies. I'm not sure what else he's been in, but I do know he was also in the X-Men series.
Hope you enjoy it!
Sure, he directed a lot of great movies, including X-Men Origins: Wolverine, X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and Transformers.
Well, if you liked Surf's Up, you may want to check out Surf's Up. It was written by Chris Buck.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Dan Brown wrote The Dark Knight and The Dark Knight Rises. Have you read either of those?
Yes, he is a great director. He directed 3 Days to Kill and This Means War.
Yes, it is a football movie. Do you like football?
Angelo Pizzo was the writer of The Game of Their Lives.
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional American football team based in Tampa, Florida.
I don't know much about them but I do know Lovie Smith used to coach them as well.
Great! Have a great day!
Yes, I agree he is a very good athlete
I like American Football. I like American Football. What about you?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. What about you?
Scream is a horror film. Do you like horror films?
Yes, Jamie Kennedy is starring in Scream 3 and also in The Pillars of Earth.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Do you like the Matrix because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
I do not have that information but I can tell you it was released in 2005.
V for Vendetta is an adventure film.
Sure! Cornelia Funke wrote Tintenherz, Cornelia Funke, and Tintenherz. Do you like cornelia funke?
Anthea Bell also wrote Tintenherz: A Tale of Two Cities. Have you heard of it?
Cinderella is speculative fiction.
The King Kong movie is written by Steven Spielberg. Steven Spielberg starred in it.
Naomi Watts also starred in The Princess Diaries, which is a romance film.
The Painted Veil is a romance film starring Naomi Watts.
You are welcome.
Sure! Gary Chapman is a writer, director, and director. He wrote The Matrix Revolutions. Have you heard of it?
The Five Love Languages: How to Express Heartfelt Commitment to Your Mate is a romantic comedy.
I don't have any information on Tori Amos, but I can tell you she is a singer/songwriter.
I don't have any information on him, but I can tell you that he is a singer/songwriter.
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in a lot of movies. Have you seen them?
Yes, he has starred in a lot of movies, including X-Men: Days of Future Past, X-Men: Days of Future Past, X-Men: Apocalypse, X-Men: Apocalypse, X-Men: Apocalypse.
I don't know much about Frank Capra, but I do know he was influenced by William Shakespeare
I'm not sure if it's a good Romance movie.
She starred in Un di Velt Hot Geshvign and Un di Velt Hot Geshvign.
It is in English
it is in English
I don't have one
i dont have that
Did you like it because it is a crime movie?
It's a drama. Do you like those kinds of movies?
It's written by Jennifer Lawrence.
Woody Herman is a writer and author. He wrote a lot of books including The Girl with a Dragon Tattoo.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about them but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer
Do you like the Raiders because they are coached by Mike Shanahan?
Yes, Tennis is a great sport. Do you like any other sports?
Sure! Do you like comedy movies?
Easy was written by Tammara Webb and was released in 2012. Do you like her work?
It is a drama written by Tammara Webber. Do you like drama?
Sure. Tammara Webber wrote Where You Are, Breakable, and Breakable.
Great. Hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Sure! Steven Soderbergh directed a number of great films, including The Wolverine, X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and Insurgent. Have you seen those?
I'm not sure who starred in The Good German, but Joseph Kanon starred in The Good German.
He's been in a lot of films. I'm not sure if he's been in any other ones, but he also starred in The Good German, which is a drama.
You're welcome!
Alan Moore is a great actor. He starred in a lot of movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome.
Richard J Dunn wrote Wuthering Heights
It's a novel written by Richard Dunn and is considered a Gothic fiction. Do you like that genre?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! The Eye of the World is written by Rick Riordan. It is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
Sure! Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards, Wildwood Dancing, Wildwood Dancing, Wildwood Dancing, Wildwood Dancing, Wildwood Dancing and many more.
Rules of Attraction is a thriller and was released in 2011.
Sure. Do you like books written by Simone Elkeles?
I hope you enjoy it!
Spirit Bound is a speculative fiction book written by Neil Gaiman. Do you like that genre?
Twilight series is written by Rick Riordan.
Vampire Academy is a series
You're welcome!
Charles Dickens wrote a few great books, would you like to know about some of them?
Yes, Leo is influenced by Leo. Did you know Charles Dickens was influenced by him?
Yes, that's right. I think you'll enjoy it.
Yes, Gnghis Khan is a great author. I think you would like it.
Great. Have a great day.
Yes, Peter Segal directed a number of great films, including The Fault in Our Stars and The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, Adam Sandler was the executive producer. He was also a producer.
I'm not sure, but I do know Adam Sandler starred in Happy Gilmore.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is a good one.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is written by JK Rowling. Have you seen it?
It is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy books?
Yes, Newt Scamander wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
Fantastic Beasts is a young-adult fiction novel written by John Scalzi.
Yes. Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is a book written by JK Rowlings.
Michael O'Neill starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and Transformers.
Traffic and Seabiscuit is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
If you like crime drama, you should check out Zoolander. It is also a crime drama.
You're welcome.
He is a soccer player who plays for the Spain national football team. Do you like soccer?
I don't know much about him but I do know Andrés Iniesta is from Spain.
You're welcome!
Do you like the Hangover Part II because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Due Date was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was a great movie. It was written by Frank Beddor. Are you familiar with his work?
Midnight in Paris is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I like murder mystery. Do you like murder mystery movies?
Shutter Island is a murder mystery. Do you like murder mystery?
Do you like Mansfield Park because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Persuasion is written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Do you like his work?
Persuasion was released in 1867.
Yes, Horrible Bosses is written by Steven Spielberg. Do you like his books?
Yes she does and Lindsay Sloane starred in this movie. Do you like her movies?
Kevin Spacey also starred in The Accidental Husband. Have you seen it?
I like Stan Wawrinka. He is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I do, but I don't know much about Stan Wawrinka. Are you a tennis fan?
I am not sure, but I do know Stan Wawrinka is a tennis player.
Sure! Cornelia Funke wrote The Silence of the Lambs. Have you heard of that one?
Yes, she also wrote Inkheart. Have you read that one?
Shel Silverstein wrote The Giving Tree and A Light In The Attic. Have you read either of those?
Sure! Gary Paulsen wrote Where'd You Go, Bernadette. Have you heard of that one?
The River is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
If you like science fiction, you might also like The Looking Glass Wars. Have you read it?
Glad I could help!
Sure, Shawn Levy directed The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen that one?
Sure! Real Steel starred Evangeline Lilly. It's a comedy. Do you like comedies?
I don't have that information but I can tell you it was produced by Steven Spielberg.
Did you like it because it was a thriller or because it was a thriller?
If you like Crime Fiction movies, you might also like The Return of the Native.
Glad I could help
If you like Crime Fiction movies, you might also like The Pillars of the Earth.
I don't know much about him but I do know he is a soccer player.
Yes they play in Wembley Stadium
Alice Walker is a writer, author, and author. Do you like her work?
Benjamin Franklin has written a number of books. Would you like to know more about Alice Walker?
You're welcome.
I think he's a good athlete. Did you know he plays for the Argentina national football team?
No I didn't know that
Yes Bojan Krkic also plays for the Argentina national football team.
I don't know much about him but I do know he was a midfielder.
I do. Did you know that Wise Man's Fear is written by Stephen King?
The Wise Man's Fear is also written by Patrick Rothfuss.
The Slow Regard of Silent Things is a mystery
You're welcome
Yes, The Elite is written by Kiera Cass
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren, which is a film.
I don't have any information on that, but I can tell you Kiera Cass also wrote The Siren. Have you seen it?
The film is produced by Kiera Cass. Kiera Cass also produced The Siren.
I don't have any information on his music but I do know he is a musician.
Do you like Social Network because it's a Social Network because it's a Social Network?
Jesse Eisenberg also wrote The Social Network. Have you seen that one?
The Hummingbird Project was released in 2009.
You're welcome.
Treasure Island is a great book written by Steven Spielberg. Do you like his books?
Treasure Island is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
Glad I could help. Enjoy!
Have a good day!
I haven't seen it but I know it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Danny Aiello is a great actor. He also starred in a few of his movies, such as X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was in that movie as well.
You're welcome.
Sure! Laura Hillenbrand is a writer, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, . Laura Hillenbrand has written a lot of books.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
Yes, it is. You might also like The Last Stand.
You're welcome!
Do you like Aladdin because it is a thriller or because it is a drama?
Aladdin is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Lion King was released in 2014.
You're welcome!
Hemingway wrote The Sun Also Rises and The Other Boleyn Girl.
Hemingway also wrote A Farewell to Arms and A Farewell to Arms. Hemingway also wrote A Farewell to Arms.
The Old Man and the Sea was released in 1936.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him other than he is a quarterback. Do you like him?
I don't know much about Drew Brees, but I do know he is a quarterback.
I like Drake Bell. What about you?
I like Young Buck. What about you?
Yes, he is a great author. He wrote a lot of books. Is there anything else I can help you with?
White Oleander also starred Tom Hanks. Do you like his work?
White Oleander is a thriller. Do you like thriller?
A Grief Observed is written by C.S. Lewis.
The book was released in 1946.
Do you like Weight of Glory because it is a drama?
Sure. Sending it now.
Yes, Sharlto Copley is an actor who starred in The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen it?
They are in the National Football League and are owned by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
No, I haven't. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Oh, that's a great place to go to. Did you know the Hornets won the NBA Finals?
Yes, John Berendt wrote The Virgin Suicides and The Virgin Suicides. Have you read those?
Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil, The Lady & Sons Savannah Country Cookbook was published April of 2010.
You're welcome.
You're welcome!
I'm not sure who directed it but I can tell you it was directed by Alaska.
Yes, he also wrote A Christmas Carol, which is a mini-series.
Yes, he did. He also wrote Paper Towns, which is a mini-series.
You're welcome!
I think he is a great football player. Do you like soccer?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is from Germany.
I don't know much about him except that he plays for the Germany national football team.
I agree. He has a good stats.
Gore Verbinski directed Gore Verbinski. Have you seen it?
Well, if you like westerns, you might also like X-Men: Days of Future Past.
You're welcome.
The Prestige is written by Steven Spielberg and directed by Steven Spielberg.
The Prestige is a thriller.
I am not sure, but Jonathan Nolan also wrote The Prestige
Robert De Niro is also in Memento
Thomas Lennon also starred in The Prestige
You're welcome
Sure! L. Frank Baum wrote L. Frank Baum and was influenced by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
Yes, it is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy books?
Yes, Voyager is a fantasy book. Do you like that genre?
Yes it is. Diana Gabaldon is also a writer and author. She is also a writer.
I don't have any other romance novels by that author, but I do know Diana Gabaldon is also a writer.
You're welcome!
The latest one is Winslet
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it was released in 2012.
The Pillars of the Earth is a comedy-drama film
X-Men is a thriller movie. Have you seen it yet?
Yes Kate Winslet starred in that movie.
Yes, WALLE is a great book written by Steven Spielberg. Do you like his work?
I would recommend X-Men Origins: Wolverine, which is a Sci-Fi movie.
It's a sci-fi movie. It's a sci-fi movie starring Tom Hanks.
State of the Union is a great X-Men movie.
I don't have any information on that. But I can tell you it's very difficult to access to that information.
Crash was released in 2006.
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
Sure! Will Grayson was written by Sarah Dessen and is a young adult fiction. Do you like those kinds of books?
Sure. Nick & Norah was written by Sarah Dessen and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure! Katherine Paterson wrote The Road to Little Dribbling. Have you heard of that one?
Yes, it's a children's literature. Do you like children's literature?
The Witch of Blackbird Pond is written by Philip Pullman.
I haven't seen Ocean's Twelve but I have seen Ocean's Twelve. Have you seen Ocean's Twelve?
Ocean's Twelve was starred by George Nolfi. It is a Sci-Fi movie.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Robert Lewandowski plays for the Poland national football team. Do you like football?
I'm not a big fan of football. What about you?
I'm not sure if SC Freiburg is a German football team.
Paul Sorvino is an actor who starred in The Sorvino series. Have you seen it?
Yes, Jack Thorne is a screenwriter and author. Do you like screenwriters?
It is a fantasy novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he starred in it as well.
Sure, adding them to your list.
Sure! Lisa See is a great author. She wrote The Year of the Flood. Have you read that one?
I do not have that information but I can tell you it was released in 2012 and it is a drama.
It was written by Lisa See and released in 2014 and is in the English language.
You're very welcome!
Do you like Pulp Fiction because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Grindhouse was directed by Rob Zombie and starred Rob Zombie
It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
It was written by Stieg Larsson and was released in 2006
I don't have any other books by Syeig Larsson, but I can tell you Steig Larsson is a writer and author.
The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo trilogy was released in 2006 and is in the English language.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Yes, Michael Parks is a singer, songwriter, and songwriter. Do you like his music?
Wicked is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome!
You're welcome.
Yes, Ken Kesey wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest.
It's a great book. It's a speculative fiction.
I hope you enjoy it!
I think he is a good basketball player. Do you like basketball?
I'm not sure if Michael Jordan was in it, but Michael Jordan is a great actor.
I love Ghostbusters. Do you like those kinds of movies?
I'm not sure if he wrote the Ghostbusters movies, but he was a great actor.
Yes, Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls. Have you seen it?
The Fast and the Furious is starring Vin Diesel. Do you like Vin Diesel movies?
Yes, he was in A Man Apart. Have you seen it?
Glad I could help!
Yes, he also wrote The Night of Your Life. Have you read that one?
I do, he's a great actor. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. Have you seen any of them?
Yes he did, he also starred in a lot of movies
What Lies Beneath is considered a drama. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Do you like them because they are in the National Football League?
I'm not sure who is your quarter back, but Eli Manning is a good Quarterback.
I like action thriller movies. I'm going to watch a few of them.
The book written by Paula McLain is fiction. Do you like fiction?
Circling the Sun is a novel written by Paula McLain.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like thrillers or thrillers?
Eraserhead is starring Tom Hanks. what else can i answer for you today?
drama. what else can i answer for you today?
you are welcome
Yes, he directed The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen that one?
Yes. Josh Boone is famous for his role in The Fault in Our Stars.
The Fault in Our Stars is a science fiction film.
You're welcome!
Do you like Hotel Rwanda because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Yes, it was written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
Yes, Soldiers is a war movie. Do you like war movies?
Hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Tammara Webber wrote Easy and Breakable.
Where You Are was released in 2005.
I'm not sure, but there are many great books released in 2011
Yes, The Phantom Tollbooth was written by Stephen King. Do you like his books?
Peter Cushing starred in a lot of movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Twins of Evil is starring Tom Hanks and Kate Winslet. Would you like to know more about him?
The Revenge of Frankenstein was written by John Scalzi.
Hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Peter Gallagher starred in a lot of movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
While You Were Sleeping has a recurring role in the television series The O.C.
Collateral damage was written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
Glad I could help!
Yes, Yaphet Kotto starred in a lot of movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Yes, The Running Man is an action film
X-Men is a great movie with Vin Diesel.
Glad I could help
Hush Hush Hush is a Hush Hush, Hush Hush is a Hush Hush, Hush Hush is a Hush Hush.
Becca Fitzpatrick wrote Hush Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush
You're welcome!
Hope you enjoy it!
The Glass Castle is written by Jeannette Walls and was released in 2005.
Jeannette Walls also wrote Silence of the pryor
It was released in 2005
Glad I could help
Yes, John Carpenter directed The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he did. Did you know that John Carpenter directed Escape from New York was released in 1994?
Yes Kurt Russell was in that one as well. Kurt Russell also starred in The Hunger Games. Have you seen it?
Rhonda Byrne wrote The Power, The Power, and The Power. Have you read any of these?
I don't have any similar books but I can tell you that The Secret was written by Byrne.
He wrote The Secret which was turned into a film. Have you seen it?
Yes, John Ratzenberger has starred in a number of movies. Would you like to know more about that?
Sure! Your Friend the Rat was written by John Ratzenberger. It is a drama/mystery.
Yes, it is a cartoon. Do you like cartoons?
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a great book written by Rick Riordan. Have you read it?
Yes, there is a family friendly film called Where the Wild Things Are, which is a family friendly film.
I'm sure you will enjoy it.
Yes, Still Alice is a great book written by Neil Gaiman. Do you like his work?
Love Anthony is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Hope you enjoy it!
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Mark Haddon is an actor who starred in a lot of movies. He was also a musician and a musician.
Yes, it was adapted into a film. The movie is based on a film.
Yes he did and it was directed by Mark Gordon.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Frank Coraci is a writer, director, and director. Do you like his work?
Kevin James also starred in Grandma's Boy. Have you seen it?
Yes it is. It's a comedy.
Do you like Once Upon a Time in the West?
Once Upon a Time in the West is a good one. Have you seen that one?
Nightcrawler is starring Scarlett Johansson and Robert Duvall.
You're welcome!
Heath Ledger is an athlete who plays tennis. Are you a fan of his?
It was released in 1996
I'm not sure who else starred in it, but I do know it was written by Heath Ledger
Glad I could help!
Yes, The Blind Side is a horror film starring Tom Hanks. Do you like horror movies?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on any other movies based on Drama.
Moneyball is written by Michael Lewis and is a drama film. Do you like sports movies?
City of Ashes is a young-adult fiction book written by Cassandra Clare
Cassandra Clare also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex. Have you read it?
Sure, it is written by Cassandra Clare and is based on a series.
You're welcome.
Yes, Alfonso Cuaron directed the sci-fi thriller The Messenger. Have you seen it?
Yes, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban was directed by J.K. Rowling.
It is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy movies?
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it was written by Christian Bale and is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance?
I don't have any information on any other books written by C.S Lewis but I can tell you that C.S. Lewis is a great author who wrote The Lord of the Rings. Have you read that one?
You're welcome.
I love Paul McCartney! He wrote Yellow Submarine. Yellow Submarine is a good one.
Yes, I like Liverpool. Did you know that John Lennon starred in The Beatles?
I'm not sure if he's in Liverpool, but I do know he is from Liverpool.
I don't have any songs in my playlist, but I do know he is a Beatles fan.
Laurie Halse Anderson is a great writer. Did you know she was a teacher?
Wintergirls is a romance novel written by Laurie Halse Anderson. Do you like romance novels?
I'm sure you will enjoy it!
Yes, Rihanna is a singer, singer, singer, and song writer. Do you like her music?
I didn't know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Battleship is a science fiction film.
He is a great actor. He starred in a lot of movies. He is a great actor. Have you seen any of them?
Sure! Marc Forester starred in The Matrix Revolutions, The Matrix Revolutions, and The Time Machine. Have you seen any of those?
Finding Neverland is a Thriller, based on a romance novel. Do you like romance movies?
Glad I could help!
Yes, Mockingjay is a young-adult fiction written by Stephen King. Are you familiar with his work?
Have you read the book or read the book Xenocide?
Yes, Gregor the Overlander is also a science fiction film
Yes, he is a singer, songwriter, and author. Are you a fan of his?
Yes, Elizabeth is a great movie. Did you know she also starred in Little Miss Sunshine?
I am not sure if John was in the version of Elizabeth. I do know that she is a singer-songwriter.
Fanny Ardant is a great actress. She has starred in a lot of movies, including The Princess Diaries, and Little Miss Sunshine.
You're welcome.
Yes, A Walk to Remember is written by Charles Dickens and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
I don't have any other books by him, but Nicholas Sparks has written a few books called A Walk to Remember.
True Believer is a teen drama. Do you like those kinds of books?
Then you might also like A Walk to Remember if you haven't read it.
The Matrix Revolution is a sci-fi film. Do you like sci-fi?
Yes, Keanu Reeves starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Reloaded.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Keanu Reeves starred in The Matrix Revolutions, which is a drama.
I don't have any information on that one, but I can tell you it is a comedy that he was in.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. Simon West directed a number of great movies, including The Road to El Dorado. Have you seen any of those?
Did you know that Simon West directed The Expendables 2?
I'm sorry, I don't have any more recommendations for that movie.
Glad I could help
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans, The Light Between Oceans, and The Light Between Oceans.
Yes, 2012 was the year that released The Light Between Oceans.
I don't have any other movies written by him but I do know he was influenced by Roland Emmerich. Are you familiar with his work?
You're very welcome!
Daphne du Maurier wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. Have you heard of that one?
My Cousin Rachel is a romance film. Do you like romance?
Jamaica Inn was released in 2004.
Glad I could help!
I don't know much about them but I do know they are in the National Football League. Do you like them?
They play in the Green Bay Packers, but I don't know much about them.
I am not sure who is your favorite player.
I don't know much about him but I do know he is a quarterback.
I think they will make it to the super bowl this spring.
I am a big fan of Justin Timberlake. Did you know he starred in a few movies?
Time and Friends with Benefits is a comedy.
I'm not sure who else starred in it but I do know it was written by Justin Timberlake.
I do! She's a great singer, singer, singer, and singer.
No I haven't. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm not sure if that's the case. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you like Joseph Sikora because Joseph Sikora starred in it or because it is a thriller?
The Watcher is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, that is correct. Leonardo Dicaprio also starred in a movie called The Assassination of Dicaprio.
You're welcome!
Me too! Did you know Frances Mayes wrote The Virgin Suicides?
I don't know of any other poets, but I do know that she is from San Francisco.
You're welcome!
Station Eleven was written by St. John Mandel and was released in 2014.
Toni Morrison is a writer who wrote The Nanny Diaries. Are you familiar with her work?
It is a drama
There is a lot of good ones
Enter's Game was written by John Scalzi
You are welcome
Downfall is a war movie. Do you like war movies?
I'm not sure who starred in it, but it is a Biography.
You're welcome.
Yes, he directed a lot of great movies such as X-Men: Days of Future Past and X-Men: Apocalypse.
Yes, he also starred in The Walt Disney Company. Have you seen that one?
Toy story 3 was written by Andrew Stanton. He also directed The Walt Disney Company. Have you seen it?
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
The Crucible is written by Neil Gaiman who also wrote "2012".
The Crucible is written by Harald Kloser and is a Drama. Do you like Drama?
You're welcome!
Do you like him because he is an actor or because it is a thriller?
It is a drama. Do you like those kinds of movies?
It was released in 2010. It's a great movie.
Yes, I'll play it for you.
Yes, it was written by Martin Scorsese. Are you familiar with his work?
Thekla Reuten also starred Robert Duvall and was released in 1994.
Yes, he was in Wrath of the Titans and The Prince of Egypt.
You're welcome!
Sure, he starred in a lot of movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Sure, he also directed a movie called American Pie. Have you seen it yet?
No, I haven't seen that one. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I can tell you that Alejandro Amenábar directed a lot of movies. Would you like to hear more about those?
The Nightingale is a young-adult fiction book written by Philip Pullman.
Kristin Hannah wrote The Nightingale, which is a short story.
I don't have any information on that one but I can tell you it is based on a novel.
I don't know much about him but I do know he is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
The Expendables 2 is a science fiction film. Do you like science fiction movies?
You're welcome.
Yes, I like Die Hard with a Vengeance. Are you a fan of thrillers?
Yes he wrote Hudson Hawk. Have you seen it?
How the Grinch Stole Christmas is a family movie. Do you like family movies?
Yes, The Lorax and Cat in the Hat are both children's literature.
Yes, The Sneetches and Other Stories is also a children's literature.
You're welcome!
Whiplash is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Yes, she also starred in The Longest Ride.
Yes, Tiago Riani also stared in The Longest Ride. Did you see it?
Yes, it is a Romance movie.
I haven't seen Men of Honor but I'm not sure if I've seen Men of Honor.
You're welcome.
I'm not a big fan of the Lakers, but I do like the Lakers. Do you like them?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is from Los Angeles.
I agree. The Lakers have won a lot of championships this year.
She wrote расска и овести and рат арамаов.
Eeccbl wrote расска и овести, рат и овести.
Glad I could help.
The Notebook is a speculative fiction. Do you like speculative fiction?
Have you read Apocalyptic Fiction? I would recommend that one.
Yes, both are written by same author.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by John Fox.
I don't know much about Pete Rozelle, but Pete Rozelle is a good player.
I don't know much about Pete Rozelle but I do know he was a member of the National Football League.
Yes, she wrote Wild: A Tale of Two Cities. Have you heard of it?
Have you heard of The Secret Life of Love and Life from Dear Sugar?
Glad I could help!
The Cuckoo's Calling is written by Robert Galbraith.
J.K Rowling also wrote The Cuckoo's Calling. Have you read that one?
It is a speculative fiction novel.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a great actor. Did you know he starred in The Yellow Submarine?
Yes, it is. Do you like Comedy Central because it's a comedy?
I'm not sure about that but I do know that Reno 911 was filmed in the Crime Fiction genre.
Do you like books written by Little House on the Prairie because it is a speculative fiction?
Sure, Little House on the Prairie is a book similar to Little House on the Prairie.
Little House on the Prairie is a book similar to Little House on the Prairie.
Yes, she is a tennis player. Are you a tennis fan?
I didn't know she was in the Hair Show. Did you know she was also a musician?
I didn't know that, but I did know that. Did you know Victoria Azarenka is a tennis player?
Yes, The Lost Symbol made the best sellers list.
Yes, Ron Howard also produced The Lost Symbol. Ron Howard is a great actor.
Yes, he wrote The Da Vinci Code and The Inferno.
I don't have any information on any of his films but I can tell you that The Lost Symbol is starring Tom Hanks.
Yes, it is a drama. Do you like those kinds of movies?
You're welcome!
Yes, I like X-Men: Apocalypse. Are you a fan of X-Men?
It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure, you will like The Hunger Games, which is a Sci-Fi movie. Have you seen it yet?
I haven't seen that one, but I'll have to check it out.
Tim Dolin wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented. Have you read it?
d'Urbervilles: A pure Woman Faithfully Presented
I don't have any other books written by him but I do know it was released in 1891
Do you like Rick Yancey because it is speculative fiction?
Gareth Stedman Jones has written a number of books. Would you like to know more about these?
You are welcome
No, I haven't seen it. Did you know it was written by Steven Spielberg?
I don't have any information on any of his movies, but Thomas Lennon was in The Ten. Have you seen it?
Yes, I think you will enjoy it.
Do you like Gone with the Wind because it is a thriller?
If you like Romance movies, you might also like X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen it?
The Untouchables is written by John Scalzi and is based on a novel.
You're welcome!
Do you like the Last Song because it is a thriller?
Nicholas Sparks also wrote The Last Song. Have you read it?
Nicholas Sparks also wrote The Last Song, have you read it?
I don't know much about them but I do know they are a boy band.
Sure! Cornelia Funke wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
She also wrote Inkheart. Have you heard of it?
You're welcome!
Do you like the Hangover Part II because it is a comedy?
It is a science fiction film that was directed by Steven Spielberg and was released in 2012.
You are welcome.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is a good one.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is a thriller.
You're welcome!
Mahendra Singh Dhoni is an actor who starred in Hook Ya Crook. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure about soccer but I do know Robert Duvall was in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Robert Duvall starred in a few movies. I'm not sure if he's been in any of them but I do know he is from India.
Sure! Tracy Chevalier wrote The Virgin Suicides and The Virgin Suicides. Have you read those?
The Last Runaway was published in 1994.
You are welcome.
Sure, do you like books written by J.K. Rowling?
Yes, Going Solo is a children's literature. Do you like children's literature?
I don't have any autobiographies out, but I can tell you that it is a children's literature.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like football?
Yes, I do. He wrote The Great Gatsby. Have you read that one?
Are you looking for movies in the same series or in the same genre?
Yes, Stan Lee also starred in The Incredible Hulk
Iron Man 3 also starred Robert Downey Jr. and Robert Downey Jr.
Glad I could help!
Sure! Howls Moving Castle is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Jon Favreau is known for starring in The Road to Little Dribbling. Have you seen it?
Sure, he directed The Assassination of Jesse James. Have you seen that one?
Then you might also like The Last Avenger. Have you seen it?
Yes, he is. He was also in The Last Stand. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Sure! Sharp Objects was written by Gillian Flynn and is a suspense novel. Do you like suspense genre?
Yes, Gone Girl is a suspense novel written by her. Do you like suspense?
Yes it was. It was a movie. Do you like thrillers?
What Do You Do was released in 2014.
Yes, Truman Capote is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Cold Blood is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Do you like Transformers because it is a sci-fi movie?
Artificial Intelligence is a great movie. It stars Robert Downey Jr. and Robert Downey Jr.
I'm not sure who directed it but it was directed by Steven Spielberg.
You're welcome.
Yes, Mark Cota Vaz wrote the book Eclipse: The Complete illustrated Movie companion.
Yes it is. It was turned into a movie as well.
I am not sure if that's true, but the Twilight series was turned into a movie as well.
You're welcome!
Martin McDonagh directed The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen that one?
Seven Psychopaths is a Thriller
You are welcome
Yes, Where the Heart Is is written by Frank Beddor. Do you like the author or genre?
Gap Creek is a young-adult fiction book that was released in 1960.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome!
Yes, Rickie Fowler is a golfer born in Murrieta.
I don't know much about Golf, but I do know that he is from Guadalajara.
Yes, Julie Bowen is a great actress. She starred in a lot of movies as well.
Sure! She's been in a number of movies, including Wicked Lovely, Wicked Lovely, and Wicked Lovely. Have you seen any of those?
Sandra Bullock also starred in that movie.
The Situation is a drama
The 5th Wave is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The movie was released in 2016 and was directed by Rick Yancey.
The Last Star is a sci-fi movie.
The Last Star is a mystery movie.
You're welcome!
I do! She's a great singer, singer, singer, and actress.
I liked her in the movie Valentine's day. Did you see that one?
Yes, she was in Valentine's day as well. Did you know she was a musician?
I do! He's a great actor. He's been in a lot of movies. Did you know he's starred in The Nanny Diaries?
No, but I haven't seen Wolverine. Did you know it was directed by David Fincher?
Yes, Ted is a comedy movie. Have you seen it yet?
I hope you enjoy Deadpool.
Do you like him because he is a singer/songwriter?
I'm a big fan of Justin Bieber. What about you?
What's your favorite song?
Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, Nolan Gerard Funk starred in it
Nolan Gerard Funk was also in Star Wars, have you seen that one?
Do you like the movie because it is a Thriller?
Grown up was directed by Steven Spielberg
Yes he did and Dennis Dugan directed the movie 50 Dates
You're welcome
He's a great actor. He's starred in a lot of movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
The Hunchback of Notre Dame was released in 1817
Yes, it is a Gothic fiction book.
Have you read any of the other books by Victor Hugo?
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Paul Thomas Anderson is a writer, director, and director. Are you interested in his work?
I love Sia Furler's music! I like Sia Furler's song You Love Me. Have you heard it?
Yes, I like Sia's Dancer, I like Sia's Dancer, and I like Sia's Dancer.
I'm not sure about that, but I do know he is a composer and songwriter.
Sure, he starred in a lot of movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Peter and Paul is a drama. Do you like drama?
Peter and Paul also starred Robert De Niro and Robert De Niro.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I don't know much about them but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I'm not sure about that, but I do like the Tennessee Titans. Do you like them?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are in the National Football League as well.
Yes, I do. He's a great player. He plays point guard and point guard.
I don't follow basketball too much. I'm not sure if they're having a good season this year.
I'm not sure if that's a classic, but I'd like Space Jam.
The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet Prince of Denmark is written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
This book was released in 1922
Glad I could help
She is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I don't know much about Venus but I do know Venus is a tennis player.
I'm not sure about Victoria but Maria Sharapova is a tennis player.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer
I'm not sure if he coached any other teams, but Jim Caldwell also coached the Detroit Lions.
I don't have that information, but I do know it was a National Football League coached by Jim Caldwell
Yes, he is a great author. Did you know he is a writer and author?
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was released in 2009.
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde is speculative fiction.
Have you heard of Xenocide?
Twilight Eyes is starring Jennifer Jason Leigh and Jennifer Jason Leigh.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes, there is a movie based on Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone.
Where the Wild Things Are was written by J.K. Rowling. He also directed The Return of the Native. Have you seen it?
Yes, he wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement
Who Moved My Cheese is written by Kenneth H. Blanchard. Kenneth H. Blanchard wrote that book.
You Can Win is a thriller that was released in 2012.
You are welcome.
Yes, The Fountainhead is written by Rick Riordan.
Ayn Rand also wrote The Fountainhead. Have you read that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, do you like books written by Nina Auerbach or books by that author?
Bram Stoker wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales from the same time period.
The Girl Next Door is written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
The Girl Next Door is written by Robert Louis Stevenson
Sure! Frances Mayes wrote The Virgin Suicides which is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Under the Tuscan Sun is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
No problem, enjoy!
Do you like Kill a Mockingbird because it is a thriller?
Yes, Go Set a Watchman was written by Harper Lee
You are welcome
Harper Lee also wrote Go Set a Watchman
Yes, I do. Did you know it was written by Steven Spielberg?
No I haven't, but Al Pacino is a great actor. Have you seen The Godfather: Part II?
That's a good one, I think you'll enjoy it!
He's a great actor. He also starred in The Godfather and The Last Samurai.
Robert De Niro also starred in Vampires
You're welcome!
Sure. Seamus Heaney is a writer, author, and author. He wrote The Seamus Heaney. Have you read it?
Beowulf is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
The original language is English.
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in a lot of movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Yes, he starred in a lot of movies. He was also in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
Lionheart is an action film starring Brian Thompson and was released in 1994.
I'm not sure who else starred in it, but I can tell you it is an adventure film.
I'm sure you will enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Martin McDonagh starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen it?
Seven Psychopaths was a great movie. It was directed by Martin McDonagh and was released in 2011.
Seven Psychopaths is a psychological thriller. Do you like psychological thrillers?
I don't know much about basketball but I do know he is a point guard. Do you like basketball?
I'm not a huge basketball fan, but I do enjoy watching the basketball games.
Wilson Chandler is a great shooting guard. Willie Green is a great shooting guard.
Do you like books written by Wise Man's Fear because it is speculative fiction?
Sure! Do you like Alien because it is a sci-fi or because it is a sci-fi?
Yes, he produced that one as well. It is a thriller.
I don't have any other horror films that he produced but I do know he is also a producer and producer.
Glad I could help!
Yes, The Rosie Project was written by Graeme Simsion and was released in 2013.
Yes, The Project Effect was also written by Graeme Simsion.
Yes, it is. It was released in 2014.
Sure! Antoine Fuqua wrote Antoine Fuqua, have you heard of it?
Olympus Has Fallen is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like his work?
Danny Lerner Produced is a great movie. He also produced The Manchurian Candidate.
War Inc is written by John Cusack.
I do. Did you know he's starred in a lot of movies?
I'm not sure if they were together, but they also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure if he is friends with Will Smith, but he was a celebrity friend with Will Smith.
Do you like books written by J.K. Rowling?
To Kill a Mockingbird was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald and was released in 1847.
Yes, Harper Lee also wrote The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby.
You're welcome.
Clockwork Angel is written by Cassandra Clare.
Yes, the Shadowhunter's Codex was written by her.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I don't know much about them but I do know they are in the National League and the Boston Red Sox
I don't know much about baseball but I do know that George Steinbrenner also owns the Yankees.
I don't have any information on that, but I can tell you that George Steinbrenner is also a baseball player.
I don't have any information on that one but I can tell you that Michael Jackson was influenced by George Steinbrenner
I don't have any info on Tiny Tim but I can tell you he is a folk rock artist.
I don't know much about her, but I know she is a professional badminton player.
I don't know much about badminton but I do know Saina Nehwal is an athlete.
Yes, Western Europe is a great place to visit.
I do. Did you know Last Sacrifice was written by Paul McCartney?
The Amazing Spider-Man is written by Stan Lee and is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy books?
He also wrote The Amazing Spider-Man and The Amazing Spider-Man 2.
Yes, it is also a fantasy film
Great, enjoy!
Sure, Gillian Flynn wrote The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you heard of that one?
Sharp Objects is speculative fiction
Yes, if you like suspense, you should check out Xenocide.
You're welcome
Yes, he is a great author. He wrote a lot of good books. Is there a particular genre you prefer?
Then you might also like X-Men Origins: Wolverine, which is Psychological Thriller.
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you it was released in 1850.
You're welcome!
Do you like Madagascar because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Then you might like Zookeeper, it is a good family comedy.
Glad I could help!
Yes, The Eye of the World is written by Rick Riordan. It is a speculative fiction novel.
Do you like the Wizard of Oz because it is a fantasy movie?
I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
You're very welcome!
Yes, Little Miss Sunshine is a romance movie. Do you like romance movies?
Sure. Serving Sara is a drama/mystery that was released in 2013.
You're very welcome!
Yes, I love Water for Elephants written by Sara Gruen. Are you a fan of her work?
I have not, but I know Sara Guen wrote At the Water's Edge.
Ape House was written by Sara Guen and was released in 2015.
I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome.
Have a great day!
Beautiful Disaster is written by Jamie McGuire and was released in 2011.
Jamie McGuire wrote Beautiful Disaster, which was released in 2011. Have you heard of it?
You're welcome!
Pulp Fiction was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
John Travolta also starred in the movie Pulp Fiction. Have you seen that one?
Sandra Ellis Lafferty starred in The Hunger Games: Catching Fire. Have you seen it?
Sandra Ellis Lafferty was also in the movie Walk the Line
She was also in Walk the Line with Sandra Ellis Lafferty
Yes, Joseph Heller is a great author. He wrote a few great books, such as Where Men Win Glory and Where Men Win Glory. Have you heard of those?
I don't know much about them but I do know they are a sports team.
I'm not really a fan of the Nets. I'm a big fan of the Seattle Seahawks.
I like Lakers. Who is your favorite Lakers player?
Sure! Jake Gyllenhaal is a writer, author, and author. Do you like his work because it is a thriller?
Zodiac was released in 1994.
It's a great movie, starring Tom Everett, Robert De Niro, Robert De Niro, and Robert De Niro.
Of course! End of Watch is a series, which is a series.
Norton Juster wrote The Phantom Tollbooth
The Looking Glass Wars is a fantasy book.
Yes, it is. Another Fantasy novel is The Looking Glass Wars.
The Looking Glass Wars was released in 1961.
Sure! Marion Zimmer Bradley is a writer, author, and author. She wrote The Shadowhunter's Code which is a thriller.
The Mists of Avalon is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
The author is Marion Zimmer Bradley. She is a writer, author and author.
You're welcome!
Yes, John Ratzenberger starred in a lot of movies. Would you like to know about any of them?
It is a drama/mystery that also starred Tom Hanks.
It's a drama.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes,Jennifer Weiner wrote The Proposal. Have you heard of it?
The Next Best Thing is a comedy-drama
You're welcome!
I haven't seen O Brother, Where Art Thou but I do enjoy O Brother, Where Art Thou.
Joel Coen also wrote Where Art Thou. Have you seen it?
I don't have that information right now.
You're welcome.
Yes, he has starred in the Star Wars films, The War of the Worlds, and The Avengers. Have you seen those?
Sure! Wally Lamb wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that one?
Wishin' and Hopin': A Christmas Story was released in 2011.
Yes, Wicked Appetite was written by Janet Evanovich.
I have not read any of his books but I know he is a writer and author. Are you interested in his books?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Ken Kesey wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest is a film.
Yes, Alan Cumming starred in it as well. He was also in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Mark Wahlberg starred in a lot of movies, but he also starred in a movie called The Voyage of the Dawn Treader
I don't have any other recommendations for movies similar to Leo dicaprio but i do know Kate Winslet is friends with him
Lukas Haas Haas has been in a number of movies, including The Voyage of the Dawn Treader.
They both starred together together in a movie, Contraband.
You're welcome.
Yes, The Voyage of the Dawn Treader was written by J.K. Rowling.
C.S Lewis also wrote The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you heard of it?
The Silver Chair is a fantasy and The Wardrobe is a fantasy.
Yes, Neill Blomkamp directed The Secret Agent: A Simple Tale. Have you seen it?
Yes, District 9 is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Kyla Pratt is in that film as well. She was also in The Assassin's Blade, which is a thriller.
You're welcome.
She is a singer, song writer, singer, and song writer.
Call Me Maybe was stuck in my head for a while. She has been in a few years and has been in a few years.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a soccer player who plays for Manchester United F.C.
Javier Hernández is also a player on the team.
He is from Guadalajara, Mexico.
Sure. Bobby Farrelly directed The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure if they are, but there's Something About Mary starring Bobby Farrelly is a comedy.
Me, Myself & Irene is starring Jim Carrey. Jim Carrey also starred in Myself & Irene.
You're very welcome!
He's a point guard for the Minnesota Timberwolves. Do you like basketball?
He plays for the Minnesota Timberwolves.
I like the Bulls. Who is your favorite player?
Sure! Number the Stars is written by John Green and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Lois Lowry is a similar writer to Virgina Lee Burton. Do you like her work?
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Quentin Blake wrote Where the Wild Things Are. Have you heard of it?
He wrote The Looking Glass Wars and The Looking Glass Wars. Have you read them?
If you like fantasy books, you might also like The Witches by Quentin Blake.
It was released in 2011.
You're welcome!
Will Grayson is a young-adult fiction book written by John Green. Do you like young-adult fiction?
I don't have any other books written by John Green. Are you interested in other books by him?
You are welcome.
The Firm is a speculative fiction. Do you like speculative fiction?
It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome!
Sure, Aldous Huxley wrote The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell. Have you read that?
Yes, it was. It was also written by Aldous Huxley.
Yes, The Last Battle was released in 1956. Did you know that Aldous Huxley was also a writer?
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes
Cao Chi also wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes. Have you read it?
Stephen Hawking also wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Glad I could help.
You're welcome.
Sure! Mary McDonnell starred in a number of movies, including The Princess Diaries, and The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, Robert Redford also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
Yes, Scarlett Johansen was great in that movie. Did you know that Mary McDonnell was also in Scream 4?
Scoop is an action film. Do you like action movies?
David Sedaris is a writer, author, and author. He wrote The Devil's Advocate and The Devil's Advocate. Have you heard of those?
When You Are Engulfed in Flames is a drama. Do you like drama?
Yes, it was released in 2008
You're welcome!
Yes, I love her music. Did you know she is a singer?
Yes, I did. Did you know that she is a singer/songwriter?
That's a great one! I love her song a lot.
Sure! Robin Williams starred in a few movies, such as X-Men: Days of Future Past, X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Mrs. Doubtfire is a comedy also starring Pierce Brosnan. Have you seen it?
Yes, Leslie Dixon was in that movie as well, along with Robin Williams.
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like thrillers or thrillers?
I'm not sure, but I do know it was directed by David Fincher
If you like thrillers, you might also like Shark Night, which is a thriller.
You're welcome!
Sure! Christopher Bigsby starred in The Crucible and The Last Samurai. Have you seen them?
The Crucible is written by Christopher Bigsby and is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure, have you seen The Crucible? It is a tragedy movie
The Fall of the House of Usher is written by Christopher Bigsby
You're very welcome!
I think he's a good basketball player. Do you like basketball?
I don't know much about Russel Westbrook but I do know he is a point guard.
I don't have any information on some basketball teams but I can tell you it is a basketball movie. Do you like basketball?
He is a point guard.
Sure! Mary Harron directed The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it yet?
Mary is a psychological thriller
You are welcome
It was released in 2011
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Do you like fantasy movies?
He Matrix wrote The Matrix Revisited and The Matrix Revolutions.
He also wrote The Matrix Reloaded, which is a thriller.
Yes, Robert Schwentke is an author who wrote The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you read it?
Allegiant is a sci-fi film. Do you like sci-fi?
It is a action movie. Do you like action movies?
M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans and The Light Between Oceans.
The genre is speculative fiction.
I do. It is a drama film that was based on a novel.
You're welcome.
Yes, Andy Tennant is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Andy Tennant has starred in a few of his movies, but he has starred in a few of them. Have you seen them?
Fool's Gold is starring Jennifer Jason Leigh. It is a drama film.
Yes, he did. He also starred in A Christmas Carol, which is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome!
Stephen Dubner is a writer, director, and director. He wrote a lot of thrillers. Do you like thrillers?
Sure, I can tell you more about him
You are welcome
Yes, I do. Did you know that Taxi Driver is starring in a movie called The Pillars of Earth?
Taxi Driver was directed by Paul Schrader. Paul Schrader also wrote The Last Stand, which is a comedy.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him but I do know he plays for the Uruguay national football team. Do you like soccer?
Yes he did play for Liverpool but I don't know much about him.
I don't know much about him but I do know he is a midfielder.
They are a football team based in New England. Do you like football?
Yes, I do. Did you know that Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is written by J.K Rowling?
That was the sixth book in the series. Have you read any of his books?
The last book was Harry potter and the Deathly Hallows was written by J.K. Rowling
Yes, O Brother, Where Art Thou is written by Charles Dickens and is a Speculative fiction.
The movie is based on a novel and the movie is based on a novel.
Okay, sorry, I do not have that information.
You're welcome.
Sure, do you like books written by Sara Gruen or books by that author?
Did you know that Tenessee Williams wrote a book called A Streetcar Named Desire because it was a biography?
Cat on a Hot Tin Roof is a romance novel.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Hayao Miyazaki starred in The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen it?
Ponyo is starring Tom Hanks. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, Yûki Amami also starred in a movie called Yuria Nara.
You're welcome.
Yes, Ma Long is a table tennis player from China. Do you like table tennis?
I am not sure about the last year, but I do know that Ma Long won the 2010 PGA Championship.
I am not sure, but I do know it was the summer olympics.
I don't know much about them but I do know they are in the National Football League. Do you like football?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they won the 2012 World Series
I don't know much about them, but I do know they won the World Series in 2012.
I don't know much about them but I know they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like them?
Not really. I am more of a soccer fan. Do you like soccer?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite soccer player?
Yes, Horse and His Boy is a great book written by grade grade grade grade children.
How about Horse and His Boy?
You're welcome.
Yes, I love Jennifer Weiner's work. Have you seen it?
I am not sure about that one but I do know Susannah Grant is a writer and author.
Girls Night in is a comedy film starring Susannah Grant.
I hope you enjoy it!
She's also a writer as well.
You're welcome!
Yes, Dean Koontz starred in Odd THomas. Do you like his movies?
If you like Thrillers, you might also like The Return of the Native. It's a thriller.
Worth Dying For is written by John Scalzi. It is a Thriller.
Jane Austen wrote Sense and Sensibility. Would you like to know more about her books?
Pride and Prejudice is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Jane Austen starred in Pride and Prejudice, along with Jane Austen.
You're welcome!
Sure! Do you like Titanic because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
If you like romance films, you might like The Looking Glass Wars. It's a good one.
Yes, Divergent was adapted from a book and was written by Veronica Roth.
If you like dystopian fiction, you might enjoy The Last Stand or The Last Stand.
She's a great actress. She's starred in The Princess Diaries and The Fault in Our Stars.
Yes, Sandra Bullock also starred in The Proposal. Have you seen it?
The Proposal is a thriller.
You're welcome
Agatha Christie starred in a number of movies. Would you like to know more about that?
It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
She also wrote The Secret Adversary. Have you read that one?
Yes, Helen McCrory is a great actress. She starred in The Princess Diaries. Have you seen it?
Yes it is. It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Ralph Fiennes starred in a few movies, including Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince. Would you like to know more about those?
Yes, John Woo directed The Woo is a science fiction film.
Red Cliff is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Have you seen the War film or the War film?
Glad I could help. Enjoy!
Do you like Madagascar because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
I don't have that information but I can tell you it was directed by Eric Darnell.
You're welcome.
Sure! Edgar Wright directed The Great Gatsby, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I'm not sure about that, but I do know that Anna Kendrick also directed The Worlds End, which is a thriller.
Yes, Shaun of the Dead is directed by Edgar Wright. Shaun of the Dead is an action film.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he is a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics.
Yes, he is a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics.
Yes, he plays for the Oklahoma Titans
A Grief observed is written by C.S. Lewis. It is a book written by C.S. Lewis.
C. S Lewis also wrote A Confederacy of Dunces which is a historical fiction.
You're very welcome!
I like Andy Murray. He is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I don't know anything else about him, but I know he is from London.
No, I didn't know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm not sure about that, but I do know that Roger Federer was also a tennis player.
Yes, he is a writer, author, and author. Do you like his books?
I am not familiar with Walt Whitman but I do know he is a journalist.
Leaves of Grass is a children's literature. Do you like childrens literature?
You're welcome!
Sure! Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls. Have you seen it?
The Fast and the Furious is a great movie.
Yes, he is in both of them. I like Paul Walker's acting.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
Peter Krause starred in The Matrix series, The Matrix Revolutions, and The Matrix Revolutions.
The Truman Show is a drama. Do you like drama?
You're welcome.
Yes, Gautam Gambhir is an athlete that plays for the Mumbai Indians.
Sure! Fannie Flagg wrote The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you read those?
I Still Dream About You is written by Fannie Flagg, and it is in English.
I Still Dream About You is also a psychological thriller
You are welcome
Did you like Toy Story 3 because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Toy story 3 is written by Adam Sandler and was released in 2012.
Toy story 3 is written by Adam Sandler and is a Speculative fiction.
Do you like Memento because it is a thriller?
Then you might like X-Men Origins: Wolverine, which is a psychological thriller. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
You're welcome!
Yes, Jean M Auel is a writer, poet, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, and essayist.
Then you might also like "The Valley of Horses" or "The Plains of Passage"
Yes, that's correct. I'm not sure if you're interested.
You're welcome!
Yes, The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. It is a speculative fiction novel.
The Battle of the Labyrinth is written by Rick Riordan. It is a young-adult fiction.
Yes, he did. The Lost Hero is a young-adult fiction book.
I think he is playing for the Germany national football team. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about soccer, but I know he plays for the Germany national football team.
I don't know much about him but I do know he is from Germany.
I am not a big fan of hers but I do enjoy watching her games.
i don't follow soccer so I don't follow soccer. do you like soccer?
I agree. Remember the Titans is a great movie.
Sara Shepard wrote How to Win Friends and Influence People. Have you heard of those?
Yes, she wrote Pretty Little Liars which is a teen drama on television
You're welcome!
Yes, National Treasure is a great book written by Steven Spielberg. Do you like his books?
Do you like Family Man because it is starring Nicolas Cage?
Yes that is a great movie with Kate Walsh. Did you know she is also a producer?
Yes that is a good one.
You're welcome
Do you like Grapes of Wrath because it is speculative fiction?
The Secret River is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
The novel is based on a novel written by Stephen King and is a novel.
Chelsea is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I'm not sure about that, but I do know that Chelsea is based in London.
No, I don't have any information on that. Is there anything else I can help with?
I'm not sure if they play in London, but they are in the Premier League in London.
I don't know much about them but I do know they were runner-up in Super Bowl XLVI
Do you like books written by Michael Henry Heimheim because it is a fantasy?
Sure! Brandon Sanderson wrote Water for Elephants which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he wrote that one as well as The Hero of Ages.
Yes, it was released in 2008
Glad I could help!
Yes, it is a Thriller starring Tom Hardy. Do you like thrillers?
I don't have any information on that, but I can tell you that he is also a director. Is there anything else I can help with?
If you enjoy Iron Man, you'll like The Incredible Hulk or The Incredible Hulk.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he directed a number of great movies, such as Where the Wild Things Are, and Where Men Win Glory. Have you seen any of those?
X-Men 2 stars Scarlett Johansson, Morgan Freeman, and Robert Downey Jr.
Yes it is. Zak Penn is a super hero thriller.
I don't have any super hero thrillers, but I can tell you about Zak Penn if you like it.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Bruce Willis starred in Unbreakable. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure if I've seen any other movies by him, but I do know that he was in a movie called Unbreakable. Have you seen that one?
I'll add Pulp Fiction to your list.
You're welcome!
Sure! Terry Gilliam directed The Good Doctor and The Bad Doctor. Have you seen either of those?
The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus is an adventure film starring Tom Hanks
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like books written by Lucky One because it is speculative fiction?
Do you like romance books written by Nicholas Sparks because they are romance books?
The Wedding is a romance novel that was released in 2012.
Yes, Zane Grey is a romance novel.
You're welcome.
The Wolf of Wall Street is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Mastering the Art of French Cooking is a non-fiction book. Other books in that genre include The Book of Mormon and The Book Thief.
Glad I could help!
Are you looking for something similar to The Clan of the Cave Bear because it is a fantasy?
Do you like Historical novels because of the genre or because it is a mystery?
You're welcome!
Sure! Callum Rennie starred in a number of movies. Would you like to know more about them?
eXistenZ is a comedy. do you like comedies?
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was written by Vladimir Nabokov. He also wrote The Other Boleyn Girl.
The book was written by Jane Austen and was released in 1847.
You might also like The Other Boleyn Girl, which is a mystery novel.
Sure! Gillian Flynn wrote Dark Places and it's a mystery. Do you like mystery books?
Sure, The Scar is a mystery novel written by John Scalzi and is based on a novel.
Yes, The Theory of Everything was directed by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
Yes, Lames Marsh directed The Theory of Everything. Have you seen that one?
The King and Man on Wire is a drama film directed by Steven Spielberg.
Total Recall is written by Steven Spielberg. Do you like his work?
Ronny Cox also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen it?
Ronny Cox also starred in a movie called The Huntsman.
You are welcome.
Sure, do you like books written by Nina Auerbach?
Vanishing Acts is a horror novel. Do you like horror novels?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
Do you like Brave because it is a sci-fi movie?
Yes, Up is a great Sci-Fi movie. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
I know he is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for the Brazil national football team.
I don't know much about him but I do know he is from Rio de Janeiro.
Yes, he plays with Luis Fabiano
Yes, I like J. R. Ward because he's a writer, director, and director. Do you like his work?
Yes, The Shadows is a drama and crime story. Do you like those kinds of movies?
It's a drama that also starred Robert De Niro and Robert Duvall.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Harbhajan Singh is an Indian international cricketer.
I don't know much about cricket but I do know Harbhajan Singh is from India.
I'm not sure about that but I do know Harbhajan Singh is from India.
She wrote If You Take a Mouse to the Movies and If You Take a Mouse to the Movies. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it was. If you give a Mouse a Cookie was released in 1985.
It was released in 1985. If you give a mouse a pancake pancake is a great book.
Glad I could help. Enjoy!
Yes, Simone Elkeles is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Yes, Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction is written in English. Would you like to know more about her books?
Perfect Chemistry is a novel written by Simone Elkeles. Would you like to hear about other books written by him?
Sure, Harold Ramis starred in a lot of movies. Do you like movies he was in?
Harold Ramis is a comedy. Do you like comedy movies?
Groundhog Day is a comedy movie
Yes, he is a writer and author. He wrote a lot of books. Have you heard of them?
Of course! Wither was written by Steve Jobs and was released in 2011. Are you interested in any of his books?
Sever and Fever is a novel written by Lauren DeStefano. It is a dystopian novel. Are you interested in this genre?
Yes, Erin Morgenstern wrote The Night Circus. Have you read it?
Yes, The Last Song is written by Nicholas Sparks and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Nicholas Sparks wrote True Believer, which is a fiction novel.
I don't have that information but Nicholas Sparks was influenced by Nicholas Evans. Nicholas Sparks was influenced by Nicholas Evans.
At First Sight is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome!
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like the Cowboys?
I don't know much about the Cheerleaders but I do know Jason Garett is from Pennsylvania.
That's a great choice. I'm not sure about the owner.
Yes, Yuvraj Singh is an actor who starred in a lot of movies.
Yes, he was in Slumdog Millionaire.
If you like horror films, you might also like The Manchurian Candidate, which is a horror film.
To Kill A Mockingbird is written by Harper Lee. He also wrote Go Set a Watchman.
Yes, both are written by same author.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about her, but I know she is a professional badminton player.
I don't know much about Zlatan Ibrahimovic, but I know he's a good athlete.
I have heard of Serena Williams, but I don't know much about her.
Adam Levine is a singer-songwriter. He is a singer-songwriter. Do you like his music?
I don't know a lot about her, but I do know she is a singer-songwriter.
I don't have any information on Interscope Records, but I can tell you it is based on a book.
Kick Ass is starring Tom Hanks, Tom Hanks, and Kevin Spacey. Do you like any of these actors?
Kick-Ass is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Kick-Ass was directed by David Fincher.
Yes Nicolas Cage also starred in a movie called Kick-Ass
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a drama film.
Nicolas Cage is the first one of his films.
You're welcome!
I do! He's a singer-songwriter. Do you like his music?
I don't know much about him but I do know he is a musician.
I'm not sure, but I do know that he is a musician.
Do you like thrillers, because it is a thriller?
If you like Jodie Foster, you should check out Shark Night, which is a thriller.
Its a thriller, and a mystery. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Gangs of New York is written by Steven Spielberg. Do you like Steven Spielberg?
Do you like Liam Neeson or Liam Neeson?
It is a historical drama. Do you like historical dramas?
You're welcome.
The great gatsby is a speculative fiction book. Do you like speculative fiction?
Monsters of Men is a similar book.
If you like Fiction, you might also like The Last Samurai. Have you read that one?
You're welcome.
Sure! The Adventures of Tom Sawyer is a children's literature written by speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure! Lucia Graves wrote The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you heard of it?
I do. Lucia Graves wrote La sombra del juego del angel.
I'm not sure about that. I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Yes, Lady Gaga is an amazing actress. She is an amazing actress.
It was released March 28, 1986
Lady Gaga was in the Muppets
Lady Gaga is married to Gisele
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf
I don't know much about him, but I think Lamar Jackson is a good quarterback.
Yes, he is great.
Spirit Bound is a speculative fiction. Do you like speculative fiction?
Sure. Other books by Richelle Mead are Vampire Academy, Shadow Kiss, and Wicked Lovely.
The Fault in Our Stars is a young adult fiction novel written by Richelle Mead.
I do not have any other recommendations for movies in the genre but I do know Richelle Mead starred in the movie The Fault in Our Stars.
Yes, it was written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King books?
I don't have any other books written by Lois Lowry, but I can tell you that Lois Lowry also wrote The Other Boleyn Girl.
The Giver is speculative fiction.
Christopher Bigsby is a writer similar to Christopher Bigsby
Have you read any of the books by Christopher Bigsby?
Do you like Moonrise Kingdom because it is a thriller?
Wes Anderson wrote The Moonrise Kingdom, which is a mystery. Do you like mysteries?
I'm not sure who else starred in it, but I can tell you it is a drama film.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Pulp Fiction was written by Quentin Tarantino. Have you seen it?
Pulp Fiction was directed by Roger Avary. It is based on a novel.
He was also a writer and a teacher. He was also a teacher.
Silent Hill came out in 2004.
I do! She is a great actress. She starred in a lot of movies. Have you seen them?
She was also in the movie Avatar. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome.
I do. Did you know Lady Gaga is starring in a lot of movies?
Just Dance the most is a great song. Have you heard it?
I'm not sure about that, but I do know Lady Gaga is a singer.
Sure! Colleen McCullough wrote The Memory Keeper's Daughter. Have you read it?
The Thorn Birds was released in 1867 and The First Man in Rome was released in 1851.
There are so many great dramas. The first Man in Rome is a sequel to The Thorn Birds.
Yes, Alison Doody starred in a lot of movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade was released in 1994
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade also starred Tom Hanks
Glad I could help
Do you like books written by J.K. Rowling?
Have you read Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets?
Glad I could help
Daphne du Maurier wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. Have you heard of it?
Rebecca was released in 1926.
Rebecca was released in 1938. Do you like fantasy books?
Yes, I do. He is a musician and author. Do you like his books?
I have not, but I can tell you he starred in The Muse. Have you seen it?
Yes, I watch a ton of mobster movies. Have you seen any of them?
You're welcome!
Sure! Despicable Me 2 is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, Steve Carell also starred in a few of his movies. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome.
Do you like books written by Wilson Rawls because it is speculative fiction?
Susan Meissner wrote A Confederacy of Dunces which is a speculative fiction.
You're welcome.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Do you like Terminator because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
I don't have any information on that one but I can tell you that Will Smith starred in a few movies.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I don't know much about Patriots, but they were runner ups in Super Bowl XXXIX and XXXVIII.
I'm not sure about that, but I do know that he was a Patriots fan.
I love John Lennon. He wrote The Yellow Submarine. Did you know he was a musician?
John Lennon also wrote The Yellow Submarine. Have you heard it?
Sure! Ant-Man is a comic movie. Do you like comic movies?
Be Cool and Bad Boys 2 is a comic book. Do you like comic books?
If you like drama, you may want to check out X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
You're welcome!
You're welcome.
Pearl Harbor was written by Dan Brown. It is a speculative fiction.
Pearl Harbor was also a movie starring Jennifer Garner
Yes, I love Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone. Have you seen it?
There is a sequel.
That one is written by J.K. Rowling.
You're very welcome!
I do! He's a great actor. He's been in a lot of movies. Is there a specific movie you are looking for?
I don't know much about him, but I know he is a basketball player.
I'm not sure if that's true, but it's a basketball movie.
Space Jam is a basketball movie, but I haven't seen it yet. Are you a basketball fan?
Rebecca Skloot wrote Rebecca Skloot's works are speculative fiction.
The Immortal Life is speculative fiction and science fiction.
You're welcome!
I know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf. Do you like football?
The Packer is a football team. Do you like football?
I like football, but I'm more of a Packers fan.
Robert Duvall starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you seen it?
The Apostle is a Romance film. Do you like Romance films?
You're very welcome!
Yes, he is a basketball player who plays point guard. Do you like basketball?
I'm not sure if he used those, but he was also a teacher.
I'm not sure if he was in skateboarding, but he was in the 2012 Summer Olympics. Have you seen it?
Total Recall is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Have you seen the Sci-Fi movies? Philip K. Dick also wrote The Return of the Native.
The Adjustment Bureau is starring Stephen Fry. He is a great actor.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the New Orleans Saints.
Yes, he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints.
No, I haven't seen Wildcats. What is your favorite movie?
Yes, Last Sacrifice is written by Paula Hawkins
Yes it is
I'm sorry I don't have any information on that
You're welcome
Sure! Divergent is a speculative fiction book. Do you like speculative fiction?
The Hunger Games is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure, do you like the very hungry caterpillar because it is a thriller?
Yes, he wrote a few other children's books. Would you like to know more about those?
Another great children's book is A Walk to Remember. Have you read it?
Yes, White Fang is a great example of literature.
I'm not sure about any other books by him but I can find some other books by him.
You are welcome.
Bruce Greenwood is a great actor. He starred in a lot of movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
I'm not sure who else starred in The Republic of Love, but Jackie Burroughs also starred in that movie.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a quarterback for the Green Bay Packers. Do you like him?
I don't know much about him except he plays for the Green Bay Packers.
I don't have any information on that, but I can tell you that Mike McCarthy is a great player
Yes, she is a tennis player. Are you a fan of tennis?
The Historian is a horror book and The Swan Thieves is written by Elizabeth Kostova.
I don't have any information about Emile Zola's works but I can tell you a lot about her.
You're welcome.
Do you like books written by A Little Princess because it is a children's literature?
Yes, it is a children's literature, similar to Winnie the Pooh.
Yes, Rabbit is the next in the Rabbit series.
I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about them but I do know they are in the NBA.
I don't have any information on the last team, but I do know he is a professional basketball player.
I don't know much about the Greek Freak, but I do know they are coached by Steve Tisch.
Yes, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by J.K. Rowling.
Yes he did Wonder Boys was released in 2010 and is in English.
Yes, Linkin Park is still together
The Road is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Do you like Post-Apocalyptic fiction?
Zoe's Tale is written by John Scalzi.
He normally writes science fiction.
Yes he does. He is also a writer and author.
You're welcome!
The Terminal is a sci-fi thriller. Do you like sci-fi?
Larry Crowne also stars Tom Hanks, and Larry Crowne.
Yes, The Green Mile is also starring Tom Hanks.
Glad I could help!
Yes, she is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I haven't seen that one but I do know she is a singer-songwriter.
I'm not sure, but Parks and Recreation is a comedy.
Yes, it's a satire show.
30 Rock is a satire show.
Yes, she's an athlete that plays for the Manchester United F.C.
I don't have any information on who he is. Is there anything else I can help with?
I'm not sure about that. I'm not sure if she was a woman.
She's a great singer, singer, singer, and song writer.
I like Adele because she is a singer, singer, and singer.
I agree, Yellow Submarine is a great song.
Yes, Beatrice Sparks wrote Go Ask Alice.
Yes it was. Go Ask Alice was released in the early 1070's.
I am not sure about that but I do know that it was released in the early 1070's
You're welcome!
Ray Bradbury wrote Ray Bradbury. Ray Bradbury is a scientist and author. Do you like science fiction?
Yes, The Illustrated Man is speculative fiction.
I'm not sure if they are, but they're also speculative fiction.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Yes, he directed the movie, Seth Gordon. Have you seen it?
Freakonomics was directed by Seth Gordon. Seth Gordon directed Freakonomics. Do you like that genre?
Cristiano Ronaldo plays football. Do you like football?
I don't know much about soccer but I do know he was born in Rio de Janeiro.
Yes, Victoria is one of my favorite tennis players, Victoria.
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Sure! Arnold Schwarzenegger stared in a lot of movies, such as To Kill a Mockingbird, To Kill a Mockingbird, and To Kill a Mockingbird.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
Ella Enchanted is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Ella Enchanted is a Sci-Fi movie
There is information about Ella Enchanted
You are welcome
Sure! Irwin Kershner starred in The Last Stand and The Last Stand. Have you seen them?
The Return of a Man Called Horse is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like his work?
William Lucking also starred in The Return of a Man Called Horse.
He wrote Madame Bovary. Are you familiar with that?
It was released in 1847.
Zoe's Tale was published in 1847.
Zoe's Tale is a speculative fiction.
Yes, Law Abiding Citizen is written by Kurt Vonnegut and starred by Kurt Vonnegut.
Yes he was
No I haven't but I do like Love Ranch.
Heart of Darkness is written by J.K. Rowling. She is a writer, author, and author.
The Portable Atheist is a series of books written by Theroux. Are you interested in reading them?
Yes, it is. It is a audiobook.
Peter Pan is a good one.
The Boy Who Would Never Grow Up was released in 1904
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
It was written in English.
You're welcome.
Sure! Emily Bront wrote The Road to Little Dribbling. Have you heard of it?
Wuthering Heights is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Sure! I'll add them to your reading list.
Sure! He wrote David Copperfield and David Copperfield. Have you heard of those?
Charles Dickens was influenced by William Shakespeare. He also wrote The Dark Knight Rises. Have you read it?
You're welcome!
Blood Promise is written by Richelle Mead and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, it is written by Spirit Bound in the series.
Blood Promise is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
Yes, you might also like Wildwood Dancing, which is a urban fantasy.
Yes, Stan Wawrinka is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I am not a fan of tennis but I do enjoy Venus Williams.
I'm not sure about that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, Blake Griffin is a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
I'm not sure, but I do know that Blake Griffin is from the United States of America.
I didn't know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Are you looking for other books written by J.K. Rowling?
The Looking Glass Wars is a good one
You're welcome
Yes, The Help was turned into a movie. Did you like it because it was a movie?
Yes, she won the Academy Award for Best Actress and the Academy Award for Best Actress.
Viola Davis has been in a lot of films. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, Joseph Kosinski directed The Maze Runner and The Maze Runner.
Yes, he did direct State Fair which is a musical.
I'm not sure if he's on the subway, but he's a great actor.
You're very welcome!
Sure, do you like Pat Conroy because it is a speculative fiction?
Yes, the author is Pat Conroy.
Flannery O'Conner is a writer, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author
Wise Blood is speculative fiction.
You're welcome.
She starred in Aliens. Have you seen it?
Bill Paxton also starred in Aliens. Have you seen that one?
Sure, Tombstone also starred Tombstone. It's a great movie.
I hope you enjoy it!
Pride and Prejudice is written by Jane Austen.
Jane Austen wrote Pride and Prejudice. what else can i answer for you?
You are welcome
Simone Elkeles is an author who wrote Wild Cards, have you heard of it?
Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards, Wildwood Dancing, and Wildwood Dancing. Have you read any of those?
You're welcome!
Paul Verhoeven wrote The Silence of the Lambs. Have you heard of it?
He is also a director. He was influenced by Stephen King.
Total Recall is based on an indie film that was released in 2012.
You're welcome!
Snow White and the Huntsman was written by Scott Kosminsky and is a speculative fiction.
I don't have any information on that one but I can tell you Vincent Regan starred in The Huntsman. Have you seen it?
The Undertow is a drama/mystery that was released in 2013.
I don't have any information on that one but I can tell you that Vincent Regan also starred in a film called The Truman Show.
Yes, Shiri Appleby also starred in The Thirteenth Floor.
Sure! Do you like Fantasy movies?
Then you might like The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies, it is in the fantasy genre.
The Golden Compass was written by J.K. Rowling.
You're welcome!
Glad I could help!
Yes, Collateral was directed by Roland Emmerich. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, he did. Public Enemies is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
If you enjoy thrillers, you might also enjoy X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Total Recall is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Robert De Niro starred in Prometheus.
Sean Harris was the main actor in the movie.
You're welcome.
Yes, they are a good baseball team. Do you like baseball?
I am not sure about 2014, but I do know they won the World Series in 2012.
I like the San Francisco Giants. Who is your favorite player?
The Equalizer is starring Denis Leary. Are you familiar with her work?
Sure! Chole Grace Moretz also starred in The Pillars of the Earth, which is a drama film.
I don't have that information but I can tell you it is a psychological thriller film.
You're welcome!
Ma Long is a table tennis player from China. Do you like table tennis?
Yes, he is from China. He is from China.
Yes, Zhang Ziyi also starred in a movie called X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Guy Cardwell wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn is a good one.
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn is also written by Mark Twain.
Andy Hunt wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
You're welcome.
Pride and Prejudice is written by Jane Austen. Do you like Jane Austen?
Jane Austen wrote Pride and Prejudice, which is a speculative fiction novel.
Persuasion is a speculative fiction novel.
The Hunt for Red October book is a great book written by the same author. Have you read it?
Patriot Games is a war film.
You're welcome!
Ben Stiller starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Owen Wilson is hilarious in Zoolander. Did you know Ben Stiller starred in it?
Yes, he was. Did you know that Owen Wilson was also a producer?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
She's a very talented singer. I like her song You Love Me. Have you heard it?
I don't know much about her but I know Kevin Federline was a celebrity friend of Kevin Federline. Kevin Federline is a celebrity friend of hers.
Friends with Benefits is a great movie. I like Black Snake Moan.
The Terminal is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
Catch Me If You Can is written by Liisa Garner. It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I'm not sure about that, but I can recommend Catch Me If You Can starring Tom Hanks.
Glad I could help!
Sure, he directed a lot of great films such as Where the Wild Things Are, The Wild Life, and The Wild Life. Have you seen any of those?
The Great Escape was released in 1994.
The Towering Inferno was a great movie. It stars Robert De Niro, Robert De Niro, and Kevin Spacey.
You're welcome!
Do you like Heart of Darkness because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
J.K. Rowling is the author.
The Very Hungry Caterpillar is a picture book written by Eric Carle
Do you like Monty Python because it is a comedy?
The Wizard of Oz was written by Oz and released in 1937.
The Writers of this wonderful movie is John Scalzi
Yes that is correct
Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory O.k is a great movie.
Yes, he plays for the Argentina national football team. Are you a fan of his?
I'm not sure if he play, but he's from Barcelona.
I'm not sure if Louis van Gaal is on the team but he's a great player.
Yes, Tom Hanks is the lead actor. Do you like his movies?
Yes, Sela Ward also starred in Zookeeper. Have you seen that one?
Yes, I will.
Stephen Chbosky directed The Assassination of Jesse James. Have you seen it?
The Perks of Being a Walflower was starred by Stephen Chbosky.
Yes, Emma Watson starred in it as well.
I'm not sure if he directed any other movies, but he was also a director.
You're welcome.
Yes, Interview with the Vampire is written by Steven Spielberg. Do you like his work?
Tom Cruise also starred in The Last Samurai. Have you seen that one?
Andres Iniesta is a science fiction film. Do you like science fiction?
I don't know much about them but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I don't know a goof team but I do know they are a baseball team
Yes that's right. I'm not sure about that.
I'm not sure, but I do know that they were runner-ups in the 2010 World Series.
Are you looking for something similar to The Devil Wears Prada because it is a drama?
Aline Brosh McKenna wrote The Devil Wears Prada, which is a drama. Have you seen it?
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, he starred in The Assassination of Jesse James. Have you seen that one?
Yes, it was. Do you like movies with Martin Short?
The Legend of Zorro is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
Sure! William Friedkin directed The Devil's Advocate and The Hunt for Red October. Have you seen those?
It's a drama. Do you like dramas?
I don't have any other thrillers by him, but if you like thrillers, you should check out Shark Night, which is a thriller.
You're welcome!
Yes, Pearl S Buck is an American author, author, author, author, author, author, author, and author.
Yes, it is a Romance.
Yes, Black-and-White is a Black-and-White
Glad I could help.
The Houston Rockets is a professional basketball team based in Houston, Texas.
I like basketball
I enjoy watching tennis. How about you?
Are you looking for a particular director or something similar to Jonathan Dayton?
He also directed Little Miss Sunshine. Have you seen that one?
Yes, it stars Jennifer Jason Leigh. It is a drama/mystery.
Alan Arkin has been in a number of films. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, she is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Her current ranking is Serena Williams.
You're welcome.
David Oliver Relin has written a lot of books, but he has written a few of them. Would you like to know more about them?
Sure! Ralph Steadman is a writer, author, and author. He wrote The Great Gatsby. Have you read it?
Sure, he also wrote The Last Samurai which was also made into a movie.
You're welcome!
Ella Enchanted is a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Yes, she also wrote The Magician's Daughter, The Magician's Daughter, and The Magicians.
Yes, it is a fantasy novel
It is a fantasy novel written by Gail Carson Levine, it is also a novel.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by John Fox.
I don't know if he had a potent relationship with the Broncos
Yes, he is a free agent.
Yes, he is a soccer player who plays for the Argentina national football team.
He plays for the Argentina national football team.
I don't know much about them but I do know they are in the National Football Conference in Argentina.
Do you like books written by Jeff Kinney?
Yes, it is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You're welcome!
Apocalypto is a science fiction novel written by John Scalzi. Are you interested in science fiction?
He also wrote Apocalypto: Apocalypto
It is a Romance film that was made into a movie.
You're welcome!
Do you like Divergent because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Other books written by Veronica Roth include The Secret Life of Bees, The Secret Life of Bees, and Insurgent.
You're welcome.
Yes, Allegiant is written by Veronica Roth.
PS, I Love You is written by Suzanne Collins. Do you like her work?
Rainbows End is a novel written by Cecilia Ahern.
It is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
Do you like the Harry Potter movies because it is a fantasy?
The Golden Compass movie is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
Philip Pullman wrote the book The Golden Compass. Have you seen it yet?
You're welcome!
Sure! Renny Harlin directed The Shawshank Redemption which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, it was written by Shane Black. Shane Black also wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight.
I do not have that information but I can tell you it is based on a book by Shane Black.
Glad I could help!
I like Sia Furler. She's a singer-songwriter and songwriter.
I like Shakira more tho. I like Shakira more.
I'm not sure if Ricky Martin is a singer, but he's a singer.
Me Before You is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Me Before You is a Sci-Fi book. Do you like Sci-Fi books?
It's a great movie. It's a great movie. Do you like those kinds of movies?
I don't know much about her but I do know she is a tennis player.
I agree Venus Williams is a great tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I agree. Did you know Venus is also a tennis player?
I don't know much about them but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
Oh yea, he's a good player
Oh yeah, I like Hoop Dreams too.
I know that he is a football player. Are you a fan of football?
Not really, but I prefer American Football. What about you?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Pat Conroy wrote The Lord of the Rings and The Lord of the Rings. Have you read either of those?
Water is Wide is speculative fiction
I don't have any other suggestions
Glad I could help
The Battle of the Labyrinth is written by Rick Riordan. Do you like the author or genre?
Fear Nothing is written by J.K. Rowling. He also wrote The Battle of the Labyrinth.
Fear Nothing is a horror book.
You're welcome!
Once Upon a Time in the West is written by Suzanne Collins. Do you like her work?
Once Upon a Time in the West is a film that was made into a movie. It's based on a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Sure! The Good, the Bad and the Ugly is based on a classic, and the Ugly is based on a novel.
City of God is a war film directed by Paul Kalanithi. Do you like war films?
Well, if you like dramas, you might also like X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
The Manchurian Candidate is starring Alice Braga and Alice Braga.
Yes, it was. It's a drama that was made in 1960.
The Revenant is starring Tom Hardy. Do you like Tom Hardy?
Yes, he's a singer-songwriter. Do you like his music?
Yes, he is a DJ, he is also a DJ
I don't know much about him but I do know he is a tennis player.
I like tennis. What about you?
I think Victoria Azarenka is a great tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Sylvia Day wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
Seven Years to Sin is a romance novel
Happy to help
Rob Riggle starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Anne-Marie is a singer. She is a singer, singer, and songwriter.
I'm not sure, but Anne-Marie is a singer-songwriter.
I like Sia Furler. I like Sia Furler. I like Sia Furler. I like Sia and Shakira. I like Sia.
Yes, she is. She is a great Lyricist.
He is a cricket player. Do you like cricket?
I don't know much about Wladimir Klitschko. I know he is from India.
Yes, Hayden Panettiere was in that one as well.
Sure, he starred in a lot of movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Yes, Bill Paxton starred in Sense of Snow as well as starred in Jurassic Park III.
I have not, but Kevin Costner starred in it as well.
It was released in 1989. Its a great movie.
Do you like the Hobbitt: An Unexpected Journey because it is a fantasy?
Have you seen The Hobbitt: An Unexpected Journey? It is a Sci-Fi movie.
It's a fantasy movie. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Yes, Kevin Zegers and Kevin Zegers starred in Zoom. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
You're welcome.
It was written by Sophie Kinsella and was released in 2003.
Sophie Kinsella also wrote The Wedding Date
I'm not sure, but I do know Emma Corrigan is a writer and actress.
I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Ravichandran Ashwin is a cricket player. Do you like cricket?
I am not a fan of cricket but I do know Ravichandran Ashwin is from India
I'm not sure, but I'm a big fan of tennis.
Sure! Sharp Objects was written by Gillian Flynn and has genre Suspense
I'm not sure if she wrote any other Suspense books, but if you like Suspense books you might enjoy The Last Stand or The Last Stand.
What Do You Do is a Suspense Mystery book.
Sure! Dominic Cooper starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Yes, it is a musical. Do you like musicals?
I am not sure about that but I do know it was directed by Michael Streep
You're welcome!
Yes, Anne-Marie is a singer. Do you like singers?
The Chicago Cubs are a baseball team based in Chicago, Illinois.
I'm a fan of the San Francisco Giants. Who is your favorite player?
No, I haven't. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I agree. Aaron Rodgers is a great player.
I'm not sure of the exact date but I do know it's a baseball movie.
Louis Sachar is an actor who starred in a lot of movies. Have you seen any of those?
The Wayside School novels are popular, have you heard of that one?
The genre is children's literature, do you like children's literature?
I don't know a lot about Phil Mickelson but I do know Phil Mickelson is a golfer.
I don't know much about him but I do know Phil Mickelson is a golfer. Do you like golf?
Yes, Entourage is a drama. It's also a comedy.
I hope you enjoy them!
H.G. Wells wrote The War of the Worlds, The Invisible Man and The Island of Dr. Moreau.
The Time Machine was released in 1994. Have you read it yet?
I have not, but I know it is a movie starring Bill Murray.
You're welcome!
A Space Odyssey is a sci-fi movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Yes, he's a great basketball player. Do you like basketball?
I don't know much about that, but I do know that Willie Green is a great shooting guard.
I'm sure you will enjoy it!
I don't know much about them but I do know they are in the National League.
I don't know much about the Yankees, but I do know they are in the National League as well. Are you a baseball fan?
I don't have any information on baseball, but I can tell you that the Yankees are doing well this year.
Psycho is a psychological thriller. Do you like psychological thrillers?
I'm not sure who starred in Psycho, but Robert Bloch was also a writer.
Janet Leigh starred in the Wicker Park, which is a drama.
I don't know much about them but I do know they are coached by Louis van Gaal.
I'm not sure about that, but Malcolm Glazer owns the Buccaneers.
I'm not sure if that helps, but Lovie Smith also owns the Titans.
Do you like the movie Rocky because it is a thriller?
Yes, he was in a lot of movies. I can tell you if you like Sci-Fi movies. Have you seen X-Men 2?
Creed is a Sci-Fi movie that was released in 2014.
You're very welcome!
Yes, Michael Crichton wrote The Secret History of Henrietta. Have you read it?
The Great Train Robbery is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome!
Yes, Orlando Bloom is starring in a few movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
I do not have that information but Orlando Bloom starred in The Good Doctor
He also starred in a Thriller called The Good Doctor
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen and is a romance novel.
Jane Austen is a romance novel.
Then you might also like The Virgin Suicides. Have you heard of that one?
The Time Machine and The Invisible Man is written by Philip Pullman.
Yes, he directed a lot of great films. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Jurrasic World is an adventure film. Do you like adventure films?
Cloverfield is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I hope you enjoy them!
He's a great actor. Did you know he starred in The Matrix Revolutions?
Yes, Rosanna Arquett was in that one as well.
Yes, it is a drama. Do you like drama?
That's a great one. I'm sure you will enjoy it!
The Dallas Cowboys are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I don't have that information but Jason Garrett is the owner of the Cowboys.
The Cowboys play at AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT AT
Irwin kershner directed a lot of movies. Irwin kershner starred in a lot of movies. Irwin kershner starred in a lot of movies.
Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back is a Sci-Fi movie.
I'm not sure about that but I know Sean Connery was in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. Are you interested in that one?
Yes, Gillian Flynn wrote Dark Places. Have you read it?
Gone Girl is a great one. Gone Girl is a popular one of his.
Gillian Flynn is also a writer. He was influenced by William Shakespeare.
I agree. China Mieville is a great writer.
Yes, I like science fiction.
Great. Have a great day.
Ravichandran Ashwin is a cricket player. Do you like cricket?
I don't know a lot about him but I do know he is from India.
Yes, I agree that he's a good cricket player.
I haven't, but I know Virat is a cricket player from India.
I'm not sure about that but I do know Virat is from India.
You're welcome.
Yes, they are a basketball team based in Houston. Do you like basketball?
Looper is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Warlock is a great sci-fi film. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Yes, it's a zombie movie. If you like zombie movies, you might also like The Last Samurai.
If you like zombie movies, you might also like The Hunger Games. It's a great movie.
Do you like the Great Gatsby because it is a drama or because it is a drama?
Have you read The Great Gatsby or The Great Gatsby?
Erich Maria Remarque wrote Im Westen nichts Neues and Drei Kameraden.
I'm not sure when they came out. I'm not sure when they came out, but they are both in English.
I'm not sure when they came out, but I'm not sure if they were written in English.
You're welcome!
I love Caroline Wozniacki. She is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
She plays tennis. Do you like tennis?
The Williams sisters are a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I love tennis. What about you?
I like fashion too.
Yes, I do. Did you know it was written by Tennessee Williams?
The movie is starring Tom Hanks
Yes, he also wrote A Streetcar Named Desire
You are welcome
Do you like the Woods because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
In the Novel genre is speculative fiction.
You are welcome.
I know a little bit about David Ayer. He is a writer, author, and author. He wrote a lot of books. Are you familiar with his work?
He has been in a number of films, including The Hunger Games, The Hunger Games, and The Hunger Games. Have you seen any of those?
I don't have that information but I can tell you it is directed by David Ayer.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Will Smith is also a producer and screenwriter
You are welcome
The Minnesota Vikings are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
The Vikings are 2nd in the NFC North. Do you like them?
I don't know much about them except that they play in the NFC North. Who is their coach?
He's been in a lot of films. He's been in a lot of films. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
The Social Network is starring Andrew Garfield and Andrew Garfield
Social Network is a Social Network.
The Social Network was released in 1994 and the Music Directors are the Music Directors.
It's a Social Network.
2010 is written by Andrew Garfield.
You're welcome!
Sure, Ang Lee directed a lot of movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Yes, Tobey Maguire also starred in Tobey Maguire.
Yes, he wrote a lot of movies. He was also a writer and a director.
Yes, Brisingr was written by Christopher Paolini and is speculative fiction.
Inheritance Cycle is a young-adult fiction novel.
You're welcome!
Throne of Glass is written by Sarah J Maas. She also wrote The Assassin's Blade.
Yes, it was released in 2012.
I hope you enjoy it!
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion.
Yes, she wrote Persuasion, which was released in 1817.
No, I haven't. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, Saina Nehwal is a professional badminton player.
I don't have any information on that. I do know Saina Nehwal is from India.
I don't have that information but I can tell you she was a player from India.
Sure! Do you like books written by Stephenie Meyer?
Martin McDonagh is a director similar to Martin McDonagh. Do you like his movies?
Yes, he was a scientist as well as a scientist.
I don't have any information on that. However, I can tell you that he is a scientist who is a scientist.
Yes, Robin Williams starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
There is a great family movie you might enjoy called The Last Samurai. It is also starring Robin Williams.
We Bought A Zoo is starring Robert Duvall, who also starred in the movie.
Of course, enjoy!
Yes, Homer is a writer who wrote The Simpsons. Are you familiar with his work?
Epic Poetry is a good one. You might also like The Iliad and the Odyssey.
Yes, Beowulf is considered a classic poetry.
I don't know much about them but I do know they are coached by Pete Carroll.
I'm not sure about that, but I do know they were runner ups in Super Bowl XXXV.
I am not sure, but I do know that they won the Super Bowl XXXV championship in 2012.
The Proposal is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sandra Bullock starred in The Proposal which is a drama film
Oceans 8, The Blind Side and Gravity just to name a few.
Do you like books written by Tom Clancy because they are romance novels?
Dead is a new book. It was released in 2010.
Yes it was written by Tom Clancy.
They are in the National Football League and are in the National Football League. Do you like them?
Mike Woodson owns the New York Knicks
They are a part of the National Football Conference
You are welcome
In Bruges is starring Denis Leary. Are you familiar with her work?
Colin Farrell starred in The Expendables 2 and The Assassin's Blade. Have you seen those?
Seven Psychopaths is a psychological thriller. Do you like psychological thrillers?
You're welcome!
They are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I don't have that information but I do know they are coached by John Fox.
Yes, I like Fast Five. Did you like it because it was a Sci-Fi movie?
I don't know a lot about Triller movies but I do know that Gary Scott Thompson starred in it. Do you like him?
Yes, Michael Irby was in it as well. Do you like thrillers?
I hope you enjoy it!
Hunger Games is written by Michael Grant. Do you like dystopian literature?
Yes, Divergent is based on the book.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
No problem, enjoy!
Jordan Spieth is a golfer born in Dallas, Texas.
I don't know much about that, but I do know that Jordan is from Dallas.
I'm not sure if it's a Major League Soccer team, but Jordan is also a golfer from Dallas
Yes, Maya Angelou is a writer, poet, and author. Are you familiar with her work?
She is a poet, poet, poet, poet, poet, and author.
It was first published in 1817.
Of course, enjoy!
Yes, he wrote она и мир and н.
He's a great actor. He's starred in a lot of movies. Have you seen any of them?
This is the End is a science fiction film that was released in 1999.
This is the End is a drama.
You're welcome.
Glad I could help.
I don't know much about him but I do know he plays for the Manchester United F.C.
I don't know much about him except that he plays for the Chile national football team. Are you a fan?
I love Bend It Like Beckham. Did you see that movie?
Do you like Doctor Zhivago because it's a comedy?
The Sea of Monsters was written by Rick Riordan. It is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Rick Riordan also wrote The Sea of Monsters
Yes, The Titan's Curse was also written by Rick Riordan
Sure! Mary Ann Shaffer wrote The Silence of the Lambs. Have you heard of it?
Mary Ann Shaffer is a writer, author, and author.
Mary Ann Shaffer wrote Mary Ann Shaffer's work is based on a novel.
Yes, he is a basketball player. He's a point guard for the Denver Nuggets.
Sure! Ray Bradbury wrote Ray Bradbury's most famous work, The Devil's Advocate. Have you heard of that one?
I'm not sure, but Ray Bradbury wrote the book is a romance novel
The Bradbury Chronicles was released in 1994
Glad I could help
I don't know much about him but I know he plays for the Chile national football team.
Yes, Jordan Spieth is a golfer born in Dallas.
Happy Gilmore is a great golf movie. Did you know Adam Sandler was in that movie?
I like Rob Schneider in Grown Ups because it's a comedy.
Yes, she was in Frida.
Joe Morton starred in a lot of movies. Have you seen them?
What Lies Beneath is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
That's a great movie. Did you know that Stephen Fry starred in Total Recall?
You're welcome!
Yes, Saina Nehwal is an athlete that plays for the Mumbai Indians.
I am not sure, but I do know Saina Nehwal is from India.
Yes he is from Hisar.
Do you like Thor because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Iron Man is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Robert Downey Jr. is a great actor. He starred in The Incredible Hulk, The Incredible Hulk, and The Incredible Hulk.
If you like adventure movies, you might also like The Incredible Hulk or The Incredible Hulk.
Do you like him because he is a musician or a musician?
If you like thrillers, you might want to check out Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee.
The Butterfly Effect is a Thriller and was directed by Eric Bees
William Scott also starred in The Secret Agent: A Time to Die Hard and A Time to Die Hard. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, October Sky is a Thriller. It is based on a novel.
Glad I could help!
Yes, she has overcome so many things. Did you know she was born in New York City?
Pauly Shore is Dead also starred Scarlett Johansson. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
Sure, he directed a lot of great movies, including X-Men Origins: Wolverine, X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
It's a drama. Do you like drama?
Sure, a great cast of starred in 300. It's based on a novel by the same name.
Sure, a great cast of starred in 300. It's a war film.
Yes, I like Kill Bill: Vol. 1 because it is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Robert De Niro is in it. Do you like his work?
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion.
Yes, Jane Austen also wrote Persuasion.
That's right. It was adapted into a film.
Yes, Clockwork Angel is written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
Cassandra Clare wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Last Samurai.
Mortal Instruments is speculative fiction.
Tom Cruise starred in Mission Impossible - Rogue Nation.
Yes, he was in Days of Thunder.
Yes he starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen it?
You are welcome.
I don't know much about them except that they are owned by Wayne Weaver.
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like them?
I'm a Niners fan. My favorite sport is Football. What about you?
Do you like books written by Sister's Keeper because it is speculative fiction?
Do you like books written by Jodi Picoult?
No, I don't have that information right now. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, he plays for the Germany national football team. Do you like soccer?
I'm not sure about that but I do know Marco Reus is from Germany.
I'm not sure about that, but I do enjoy watching football.
Libba Bray is a writer and author. She wrote a lot of books. Would you like to know more about some of them?
The Sweet Far Thing is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
There is a series called Sweet Far Thing, which is also a fantasy.
Yes, Milan Kundera is a midfielder and plays for the Germany national football team.
Yes, Milan Kundera is a Polish poet, poet, and playwright.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the New Orleans Saints.
I don't know who else is on that team but I do know that Drew Brees is a football player.
You're welcome!
Yes, she is a Korean professional golfer born in Hawaii.
Yes, Michelle Wie is a Korean professional golfer born in Honolulu.
Yes, she won the U.S. Women's Open in 2005.
Yes, he starred in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
I do not have that information but I can tell you it was written by Mike Starr.
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
I do! He's a great singer, singer, and singer.
Yes, he won the MTV Music Award for Best Choreography.
Yes, he is married to Justin Timberlake.
Do you like Monsters Inc because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Have you seen the other Walt Disney movies, or have you seen them?
Have you seen the other Walt Disney movies, or if you like Adventure films, you might like The Incredible Hulk or The Avengers.
Yes, Jojo Moyes wrote The Secret Agent: A Simple Tale. Have you heard of that one?
The Ship of Brides is a drama. Do you like drama?
You're welcome.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a children's literature written by Oz. Do you like children's literature?
No, I haven't read that one. I haven't read it yet.
I hope you enjoy them!
I don't know much about him other than Rafael Nadal. Are you a tennis fan?
I like Roger Federer. What about you?
I'm not sure if Marat Safin lost against Marat Safin.
You're welcome
Sure! Arthur Conan Doyle wrote The Crucible and The Crucible. Have you read those?
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was released in 1851. Have you read it?
I hope you enjoy Yellow Wallpaper.
Do you like Philip Pullman because he wrote Speculative fiction?
If you like mystery books, you might like The Looking Glass Wars. It's a good one.
You're welcome.
I have not, but I do know it was written by Dan Brown.
The Insurgent is also written by Veronica Roth.
It is a young-adult fiction novel written by Veronica Roth
You're welcome.
I do! I love her song You Love Me. What about you?
She is a singer, singer, and dancer. Do you like sing?
I'm not sure, but I do know she is a singer.
Do you like Thor because it's a Sci-Fi movie?
Sure! Vacation is a great movie starring Chris Hemsworth. Have you seen it yet?
You're welcome!
Sure! Jodi Picoult wrote Where the Wild Things Are. Have you heard of that one?
Where there's Smoke is a book that was written by Susan Sarandon.
Where there's Smoke is a Fictional novel.
Yes, he is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for the Brazil national football team.
I do like Premier League. Do you like Premier League?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. What about you?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I don't know much about him but I do know he is a coach for the New England Patriots.
I'm not sure if he's a good coach but he is a good coach.
Sure! Peter Weir directed The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen those?
Yes, Peter Weir directed it as well as starred in it.
She's a great actress. She's starred in a lot of movies. Did you see them play live?
I love Love Song. What about you?
Yes, it is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
I don't have any other examples but Lois Lowry is also a Speculative fiction writer.
Yes, Zoe's Tale is considered a Speculative fiction. Do you like those kinds of books?
No problem, enjoy!
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Rosemary Wells is a tennis player. Are you a fan of tennis?
Yes, it was. Rosemary Wells was also a play writer for Charlotte's Web.
You're welcome.
Sure, Bradly Cooper starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Yes he was in the X-Men series, X-Men: Days of Future Past and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Submarine is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes he was in a few of his movies, but he was a great actor. He also starred in a few of his movies, including The Fault in Our Stars, and The Fault in Our Stars.
You're very welcome!
Yes, The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide: Five Complete Novels and One Story is written by Douglas Adams.
Sure! Douglas Adams is most famous for writing The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide: Five Complete Novels and One Story. Would you like to hear more about him?
The Restaurant at the End of the Universe was written by Douglas Adams. Would you like to hear more about the book?
The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul is a novel written by Douglas Adams. Would you like to hear more about that book?
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them except they are a K-Pop boy band.
They are very popular boy band in the K-pop genre. Are you a fan of Nsync?
Yes, I like the Boys Boys Boys. What about you?
I don't know much about them but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
Yes, that's right. Did you know Ray Lewis was a member of the National Football League?
I'm a fan of American Football. I'm a fan of American Football.
Sure! Do you like sci-fi movies?
Yes, there is a sequel to TRON: Legacy, which is a sci-fi film.
You're welcome.
Sure! L.A. Confidential is a science fiction film directed by David Fincher. Do you like science fiction movies?
I'm not sure about that but if you like L.A. Confidential you might also like The Golden Compass starring Kevin Spacey.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a Taxi Driver driver. He is a driver for the Mumbai Indians. Do you like him?
Did you know Wag the Dog is based on a book by Robert De Niro?
The Manchurian Candidate is starring Denzel Washington. Denzel Washington is a great actor.
You're very welcome!
Djimon Hounsou is a great actor. Do you like his movies?
Yes, Rufus Sewell also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
She is a great actress. She also starred in The Wedding Date. Have you seen it?
The Pianist is a biographical film. Do you like those kinds of films?
You're welcome!
I don't know much about tennis but I do know Caroline Wozniacki is married to Rory McIIroy
No, I didn't know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. Smokin' Aces was written by John Scalzi.
I don't have that information but I can tell you she is a tennis player.
Yes, I do. Neil Burger directed a lot of great movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Interview with the Assassin is a drama.
The Illusionist and Interview with the Assassin is a suspense film. Do you like suspense films?
You're welcome!
Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Have you read any of Chasing Vermeer's books?
Trojan Odyssey was written by John Scalzi. It is a young-adult fiction.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
Sure. Do you like the author becca fitzpatrick who wrote Silence?
Broken Silence was released in 2011. It was also written by Natasha Preston.
You're welcome.
Pandemonium was written by Lauren Oliver and is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Then you might like The Looking Glass Wars. It is a speculative fiction.
I'm not sure who wrote that one but I do know it was released in 1999.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I love her music. Did you know she is a singer/songwriter?
I'm not sure about that, but Madonna's relationship with Madonna is similar to Madonna.
I'm not sure if it's a song but it's a good relationship with Madonna.
I'm not sure if she's acted in any good movies but I do know she was in a movie called Sex. She's been in a lot of movies.
That's a good one. I'll have to check it out.
Sure! Burn After Reading has a genre of Thriller, Science Fiction, Drama, and Drama. Do you like those genres?
I don't have that information but I can tell you it was released in 2012.
You're welcome!
It was written by Henning Koch and released in 2012.
Yes, it is.
I don't have any other books written by Henning Koch, but I can tell you that Fredrik Backman wrote The Man som heter Ove
Sure, do you like Crime Fiction?
Zoo is a crime fiction. Do you like that genre?
Anything else I can help you with?
Did you like Forrest Gump because it was starring Tom Hanks?
Tom Hanks also starred in The Hangover Part II. Have you seen that one?
Cast Away was directed by Tom Hanks. It's a classic!
You're welcome!
Yes, Darren Aronofsky directed The Skulls. Have you seen that one?
The Wrestler is a drama film directed by Darren Aronofsky
Requiem of a Dreams is starring Mickey Rourke
Yes, he directed a lot of popular movies, including The Last Samurai. Have you seen that one?
Sure! Apocalypse Now is a sci-fi thriller, starring Tom Hanks. Do you like sci-fi?
Apocalypse Now is a science fiction film. Do you like science fiction films?
Do you like movies written by Mr and Mrs. Smith because it is a drama?
Date Night is a drama. Do you like drama?
Then you might like "Adult Night" which is a thriller. Have you seen it yet?
You're welcome!
Yes, Hayley Atwell wrote The Pillars of the Earth. Are you familiar with that?
The Pillars of the Earth also starred Eddie Redmayne. Have you seen it?
It is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf
I don't know much about them. Who is their coach?
Yes, Belichick is a great coach. I like him a lot.
Mad Max Fury Road is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Yes, that's right. Did you know the Brave One is starring Tom Hardy?
Yes, she is. She is also a musician and a musician.
Yes, she is a singer-songwriter and actress.
You are welcome.
E Lockhart is a writer, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author
It was released in 1856.
Do you like books written by E Lockhart or books by this author?
You're welcome!
Do you like it because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Sure! Do you like young-adult fiction?
Yes it is. It's a film based on a book.
Yes, it's a foreign film. If you like foreign films, you'll like Zoolander.
I'm sure you will enjoy it!
I know that he is a football player. Are you a fan of football?
Yes, he's a Midfielder.
Yes, he's from Wales.
Sia Furler is a singer-songwriter and songwriter. Do you like her music?
I love her music. What about you?
She is a singer, singer, singer, singer, singer, and actress.
Yes, Misery is written by Suzanne Collins. Do you like her work?
I haven't seen it but I know it is a psychological thriller. Do you like psychological thrillers?
Yes, he is a great actor. He also starred in The Silence of the Lambs. Have you seen that one?
Emily Griffin is a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
Where we belong was released in 2012.
Joe Cocker also starred in the movie Where we Werelong.
You're welcome.
Kazuo Ishiguro wrote  [Z no shmetsu] and  [Z no shmetsu].
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
Zoe's Tale is a speculative fiction book.
You're welcome.
Robert Lewandowski is an athlete who plays for the Poland national football team. Do you like football?
Robert Lewandowski plays Forward
He was born in Poland
Kiera Cass wrote The Time Machine and The Time Machine. Have you read either of those?
The Selection is based on a novel by Kiera Cass. Kiera Cass wrote the book.
I hope you enjoy it!
You're very welcome!
Do you like X-Men because it is a sci-fi movie?
If you like action movies, you might like The Hunger Games. It's a thriller.
The first one is X-Men: First Class and second is X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Yes, X-Men and X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class.
Do you like Gone Girl because it is written by Gillian Flynn or because it is speculative fiction?
"Sharp Objects" is written by Gillian Flynn, who also wrote "Rogues"
You're welcome!
Do you like Life of Pi because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Yes, Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil is starring Robert De Niro. Are you interested in this movie?
Yes, it is a Thriller.
The Tipping Point book is a speculative fiction book written by Dan Brown.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on any other books by him.
I'm not sure about that, but I do know that Malcolm Gladwell wrote The Tipping Point Book and The Tipping Point Book.
You're welcome.
Sure! Doug Liman directed The Incredible Hulk and The Incredible Hulk. Have you seen either of those?
Fair Game is a science fiction movie
Wildwood Dancing is a good one
Fair Game has genre Biography
He directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest and Amadeus. Have you seen those?
Yes, he did direct Amadeus
Sure, adding it now.
Do you like books written by C.S. Lewis?
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is a fantasy novel written by C.S Lewis and is a fantasy novel.
The Silver Chair was released in 2004 and is a fantasy.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him but I do know he is a cricket player. Do you like cricket?
I don't know much about him. I don't know much about him. I know he is from India.
I don't know much about him. Is he a good athlete?
I like Adam Levine. He is a singer-songwriter. Do you like his music?
I am not sure, but I do know he is from Los Angeles.
He is a singer, songwriter, and songwriter. He was born in Los Angeles.
Yes, it was written by Million Little Pieces by Steven Spielberg. Do you like his work?
Sure. He also wrote A Million Little Pieces, which is a fiction book.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Do you like Michael Crichton because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Michael Crichton has written a lot of books, but he has written a lot of books. Do you like thrillers?
A Killing in Zion is written by Andrew Hunt
Glad I could help
He is a German professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for FC Bayern Munich.
My favorite sport is Football. What about you?
I like basketball. What is your favorite basketball team?
Ken Kesey wrote Neverwhere. Have you heard of that one?
Yes, Ken Kesey wrote "Go Further" with a cast including "Go Further" with a cast including "Go Further"
Sometimes a Great Notion is a drama/mystery that was released in 1961.
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
Paulo Coelho is a writer. Do you like his writings?
I don't have any information on what else he wrote but I can tell you El Aleph is a writer.
It's a drama.
You're welcome.
Yes, he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like football?
Stuck on You also starred Tom Brady
Eva Mendes also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine
American Sniper is a sci-fi thriller. Do you like sci-fi?
Bradley Cooper is one of the most popular actors in the world. He was also in the movie X-Men Origins.
Silver Linings Playbook is a drama.
You're welcome!
Martin Scorsese wrote The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you seen it?
I don't know about Gangs of New York, but Robert De Niro also starred in The Last Samurai.
Step Brothers is a great Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Well, if you like comedy, you should check out Zoolander. It is also a comedy.
It's a comedy starring John Cleese. It's a comedy.
It is an adventure movie starring Katie Lowes.
You're welcome.
Yes, Toy Story 2 is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, The Toy Story 2 and The Toy Story 2 are Romance.
Tom Hanks also produced the movie Larry Crowne. Have you seen that one?
It is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure if it is a comedy, but if you like comedy you should check out My Big Fat Fat Greek Wedding.
Glad I could help!
Do you like the Star Wars movies because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
If you like Liam Neeson, you might like The Looking Glass Wars. It is also a fantasy movie.
The Lord of the Rings is starring Liam Neeson. Liam Neeson is the producer.
I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about them but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I don't know much about them except that they are in the National Football League.
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys.
I like the Red Sox because they are a baseball team. Do you like baseball?
Yes, John Farrell is from Monmouth Beach, California.
I am not much of a fan of New Jersey. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I didn't see that one. What Women Want is a drama/mystery.
John Seelye wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and A Princess of Mars.
Yes, they both were co-written by John Seelye.
You're welcome!
Do you like sci-fi movies?
Well, if you like sci-fi, you might also like The Hunger Games. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome
Do you like Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone because it is a fantasy?
Kevin McNally starred in Goonies. Do you like his movies?
Nicki Minaj is a good rapper. Do you like her music?
I agree. Nicki Minaj is also a musician and a musician.
No, I didn't know she is a pop artist.
Yes, it is a great book written by Neil Gaiman. Do you like his work?
Yes, I like fiction. Do you like that kind of book?
Without Remorse is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Do you like Dr Seuss because it is speculative fiction?
Theodore is a cartoon movie
I don't have that information
Have a good day
No problem
The Kansas City Chiefs are a professional American football team based in the National Football League.
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
Sure! Never let me go was written by Neil Gaiman and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Kazuo Ishiguro also wrote Never Let Me Go. Have you heard of it?
I am not sure if he has made any of his films but he is a film producer.
You're very welcome!
Sure! Ruben Fleischer wrote The Secret Agent: A Simple Tale and A Simple Tale. Have you read those?
It was released in 2011
The genre is Thriller
Glad I could help
Luftslottet som sprängdes was written by Stieg Larsson
I don't have that information right now. I do know that Stieg Larsson wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes. Have you read that one?
I don't have any other recommendations for any other crime novels by Agatha Christie, but I do know he is a writer and author.
Sure! Akira Kurosawa directed Kung Fu Panda and Kung Fu Panda. Have you seen those?
Yojimbo is a Japanese film starring Yojimbo. Do you like Japanese films?
Toshiro Mifuni, Yojimbo, and Toshiro Mifuni also starred in this movie.
Glad I could help!
Do you like Oldboy because it is a Thriller?
Confessions is starring Tom Hanks. what else can i answer for you?
i'm sorry i don't have any recommendations for comedy films. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
They are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. What about you?
That's a great place to visit. I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan.
Michael Jackson is a great singer. Do you like his music?
I haven't seen it but I do know it was written by Michael Jackson.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you he was in a movie called Moonwalker. Have you seen it?
Scream is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Cool. Max Brooks is a great director. You might also like X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
Brad Pitt also starred in the movie Brad Pitt as the lead
I do like the Red Sox because they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I don't know much about them except that they play in the National Football League. Are they your favorite team?
I'm not sure if they've had a good season but they're having a good season this year.
Sure! Timur Bekmambetov has directed a number of great movies, including War of the Worlds and The Last Samurai. Have you seen any of those?
Night Watch was directed by Timur Bekmambetov and also directed by Timur Bekmambetov. It is a Thriller.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he directed a lot of great movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Yes, Hugh Jackman starred in The X-Men 2 and The X-Men 2
Stephen Sommers wrote Van Helsing. Stephen Sommers also wrote The Wolverine.
Sure! Douglas Adams is a writer, author, author, and author. He is a writer, author, and author.
It was released in 1986 and is in English.
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy series was also written by Douglas Adams
Glad I could help!
Sure, do you like Romance movies?
Francis Ford Coppola wrote The Godfather. Have you seen that one?
Marlon Brando also starred in The Godfather. Have you seen that one?
He's a great actor. He was also in The Godfather. Have you seen that one?
Did you know that Francis Ford Coppola also wrote Apocalypse Now?
Apocalypse Now is a classic. Have you seen that one?
I am not a big football fan but I do like the Green Bay Packers. Do you like football?
I don't know much about him but I do know he founded the New England Patriots.
I don't know much about Pittsburgh. I'm not sure if there's a lot of business trips there.
I'm not a Bears fan but I do like the Bears. Do you like Bears?
Yes, they are having a good season this year. Do you like them?
I like college football. What about you?
Sure! 500 Days of Summer is a young-adult fiction film directed by Steven Spielberg. Do you like his work?
Beautiful Creatures is a romance film, and Zooey Deschanel is starring Scarlett Vince.
You Again is a great romance movie. It is also a film that was made into a movie. Do you like romance movies?
The Namesake is a novel written by Rick Riordan. Do you like books written by Riordan?
Then you might like The Namesake, which is a novel.
Xenocide is a science fiction novel written by John Scalzi and is a novel.
I'll add it now.
Do you like movies starring Thomas F. Wilson?
Born to Be Wild is a drama. Do you like those kinds of movies?
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he is a singer, songwriter, and songwriter. Do you like his music?
God Gave Me You is a country singer. Do you like Nashville?
I'm not sure, but I do know he was born in Nashville.
Sure! Sara Shepard wrote Winnie-the-Pooh and Winnie-the-Pooh
Pretty Little Liars was a TV series. It was also made to a movie.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that. I can tell you more about Pretty Little Liars.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by David Platt.
I'm not really a fan of American Football, but I do like American Football. What about you?
I love college football. What about you?
I don't know much about them but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver
I don't know much about the coach, but Mike Tomlin is from Pittsburgh. He's a great player.
I don't know much about him, but I do know the Buccaneers are coached by Mike Tomlin.
Yes, Ridley Scott is a writer, actor, and author. Are you a fan of hers?
It's a great movie starring Denis Leary. Do you like Denis Leary?
I'm sure you will enjoy it!
You're welcome.
Laura Esquivel is a writer, writer, author, and author. She wrote a lot of books. Would you like to know more about her?
That is a great book
Mary Higgins Clark wrote that
You're welcome
Yes, The Memory Keeper's daughter is written by Kim Edwards and was released in 2005.
Kim Edwards is a great author. You may want to check out The Memory Keeper's Daughter.
You're welcome
William Landay wrote The Virgin Suicides. Have you read it?
Yes, it is a movie
2012 is a Thriller.
Agatha Christie wrote Agatha Christie was influenced by Agatha Christie. Are you familiar with her work?
It was released in 1922
You are welcome
Yes, Romeo and Juliet is written by William Shakespeare. He also wrote Romeo and Juliet.
What You Will is a fantasy novel written by William Shakespeare. Do you like fantasy novels?
You're welcome!
Yes, Morten Tyldum directed The Imitation Game and Headhunters
Imitation Game is starring Tom Everett, Tom Everett and Kevin Spacey.
Great, enjoy!
It was written by khaled Hossi and was released in 2012.
Khaled Hosseini also wrote A Thousand Splendid Suns. Have you heard of it?
You are welcome. Enjoy!
I'm not sure, but I can tell you he's a point guard for the Mumbai Indians.
Sure, Damien Chazelle is a director, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer, producer
La La Land is a Thriller about a murder and falls under the genre of Speculative fiction.
You're welcome!
I hope you enjoy it!
Connie Nielsen starred in The Princess Diaries. Have you seen it?
The Situation is a drama/mystery that was released in 2012.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
I think he's one of the most well-known people in the world, but he's also a teacher.
Friends with Benefits is a snowboarder, snowboarder, snowboarder, and musician.
Yes, Mila Kunis was in that show
Yes, The Breakfast of Champions is written by Rick Riordan. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Monkey House is a speculative fiction.
To Kill A Mockingbird is written by Harper Lee. Do you like books written by Harper Lee?
If you like fiction, you might want to try To Kill A Mockingbird. It's a fiction book.
You're welcome.
Yes, The Last Lecture was written by Nicholas Sparks. Are you familiar with him?
Yes, he did. He also starred in Star Trek: The Last Lecture.
Sure, will do.
Sure, he directed a lot of great movies, including Where the Wild Things Are. Have you seen that one?
The Wackness is a drama. Do you like drama?
The Wackness is starring Jennifer Jason Levine. Do you like comedy movies?
I hope you enjoy it!
Do you like Treasure Island because it is a mystery or because it is a mystery?
Have you read any of the Pirates and Treasure Island?
I'm sure you will enjoy them!
I'm not sure about Treasure Island but I can tell you it is a great book.
Sure! Roman Polanski directed a lot of great movies, such as The Lost Hero and The Lost Hero. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, if you like Roman Polanski, you may want to check out The Lost Symbol or The Lost Hero.
Chinatown was released in 2013
Do you like the Hunger Games series because it is a science fiction?
Sure! Jack London wrote The Assassination of Jesse James. Have you seen that one?
Yes, White Fang was made into a movie. Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome.
Yes, Donnie Darko is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like his movies?
Seth Rogan has been in a number of movies. Seth Rogan has been in a number of films, including The Incredible Hulk, The Incredible Hulk, and The Incredible Hulk.
Yes, James Franco was in that movie as well. He also starred in The Incredible Hulk.
Judd Apatow also starred in The Incredibles. Have you seen that one?
Shadow and Lies was released in 2012.
Sure! Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley wrote Frankenstein, The Modern Prometheus.
Frankenstein is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
The original language is English.
You're welcome!
Fight Club is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Fight Club is starring Jennifer Jason Leigh. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome!
Yes, A.W. Wheen wrote Im Westen nichts Neues
He is a German author who wrote Im Westen nichts Neues.
You're welcome.
Yes, Edward Zwick directed The Siege.
Yes, it does. Denzel Washington also starred in The Last Samurai. Have you seen it?
Yes, Denzel Washington was in The Siege and The Last Samurai. Have you seen those?
Yes, Snoop Dogg was also in Training Day.
Yes, he was in Volcano High.
You're welcome!
I am not a baseball fan but I do like the Mets. Do you like baseball?
I don't know much about baseball. Is Fred Wilpon a baseball owner?
I am not a baseball fan but I do know Fred Wilpon is from Brooklyn.
Sure. Stephen J. Dubner wrote The Shadowhunter's Code which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I don't have that information but I can tell you it was released in 2012.
I don't have that information but I can tell you it was released in 2009.
I'll add it now.
Yes, I do. He is a writer, poet, and author. He wrote The Last Stand.
Yes Eli Wallach starred in The Good , the Bad and the Ugly and Once Upon A Time in the West.
Yes, Eli Wallach also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly and Once Upon A Time in the West.
A Fistful of Dollars is a good one. It's a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Sure, a couple of good ones are The Good , the Bad and the Ugly, and Once Upon a Time in the West.
You're very welcome!
Yes, Kurt Vonnegut Jr. wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. Have you read it?
I don't have any other books written by him but I do know Kurt Vonnegut Jr. wrote Welcome to the Monkey House.
Then you might like Welcome to the Monkey House, which is speculative fiction.
Sure, he directed a lot of movies. I can recommend a few of them if you haven't seen them.
It was starred by Clint Eastwood. Do you like Clint Eastwood movies?
I'm not sure if it's a movie with him but it's a drama.
Djimon Hounsou wrote Un naufrago
It was released in 2011 and was directed by Steven Spielberg.
It is a thriller that also starred Robert De Niro and Robert De Niro
Sure! Brad Garrett starred in a lot of movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Underdog is a Sci-Fi film starring Brad Garrett and was released in 2013.
Jay Leno has been in a number of movies. I'm not sure if Jay Leno has starred in any of them but he is a great actor.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by John Fox
Yes, the Philadelphia Eagles owns the Philadelphia Eagles.
I don't have any other teams I've followed.
My favorite Patriots team is the Dallas Cowboys.
Sure! Ara Celi starred in American Beauty. Have you seen it?
Sam Mendes also starred in American Beauty. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is a historical period drama film.
Do you like the Incredible Hulk because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Sure! You might like The Incredible Hulk, or The Incredible Hulk. They are both Sci-Fi movies.
It was released in 2014.
I hope you enjoy it!
Do you like Die Hard because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Then you might like Die Hard, it is a action movie.
Do you like War Z because it is a sci-fi movie?
Sure. Brad Pitt also starred in a movie called X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
Yes, Peter Krause starred in a lot of great movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Yes, she was. She also starred in We Don't Live Here Anymore. Have you seen it?
Naomi Watts also starred in We Don't Live Here Anymore. Have you seen that one?
Yes, X-Men Origins is starring Hugh Jackman. Do you like X-Men movies?
He is a great actor. He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen it?
It is a great movie with Ryan Reynolds. It is a Thriller. It is also a Thriller.
Glad I could help!
Louis Leterrier directed The Incredible Hulk and The Incredible Hulk. Have you seen either of those?
Transporter has a genre of Thriller and was directed by Louis Leterrier. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, he also starred in A Girl Cut in Two and The Incredible Hulk.
Good Will Hunting is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I am not sure, but I do know Buffy the Vampire Slayer is starring Ben Affleck.
Yes, it is written by Ben Affleck.
Yes, The Town is a horror movie.
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, gustave flaubert is a writer, author, author, author, author, and author.
Sure. Madame Bovary is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 1856.
Literary Realism is a novel. Do you like literary fiction?
Sure. You might like The Secret History of Dr. Seuss. It is also a novel.
You're welcome.
Sure, Collateral was a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Sure! Eyes Wide Shut is a sci-fi thriller. Do you like sci-fi?
Yes, Tom Cruise starred in The Assassination of Jesse James, have you seen that one?
Days of Thunder was released in 2009.
You're welcome!
Bruce Willis was in Die Hard with a Vengeance. Have you seen it?
Yes, if you like Bruce Willis movies, you might like The Other Boleyn Girl, it's a good one.
Well, if you like action movies, you might like The Hunger Games. It is a great movie.
You are welcome.
I know he is a composer, song writer, song writer, song writer, song writer. Do you like his music?
Did you know he is also a composer?
I don't know a lot about Panic music but I do know he is a musician from Nevada
Sure! Leonard Nimoy starred in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. Would you like to hear more about those?
Yes he was
Siddhartha is written by Hilda Rosner and is a speculative fiction.
Sure. Other books by Hilda Rosner include The Shadowhunter's Code and The Witches Abroad. Have you read those?
Journey to the East was released in 1922.
You're welcome.
Yes, I do. Reginald VelJohnson starred in Taken and Taken. Have you seen those?
Yes, Jamie Lee Curtis starred in You Again, which is a drama.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I like Yann Martel because he is a writer and author.
I'm not sure, but I do know Yann Martel was influenced by William Shakespeare. He is a great writer.
Yes, she wrote Wolf Brother. Michelle Paver wrote that one as well.
Yes, it is. Michelle Paver also wrote The Looking Glass Wars. Have you seen that one?
Strange Case of dr Jekyll and mr Hyde was written by David Koepp. He also wrote The Dark Knight Rises.
I do not have that info but I do know that it was written by William Shakespeare
You're welcome
Vladimir Nabokov also wrote The Silence of the Lambs.
I don't know much about him but I do know he is a basketball player.
He is a basketball player who plays point guard.
Yes, Steph Curry is a basketball player
Frank McCourt is a writer, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, essayist, essay essay essay essay essay essay essay essay essay essay essay essay essayist,
Teacher Man is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
I love the book Silence of the Lambs. It was written by Neil Gaiman and is speculative fiction.
He is a great author. He also wrote The Silence of the Lambs. Have you read that one?
Red Dragon was released in 2012. It is a thriller.
You're very welcome!
Real Madrid C.F is coached by Fernando Hierro. Are you a soccer fan?
Real Madrid C.F is coached by Fernando Hierro. Do you like him?
I don't know a lot about soccer, but I know he is from Madrid
Sure! Jack London wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
White Fang is a great fiction book. Do you like fiction?
I haven't had a chance to see Million Dollar Baby. I haven't seen it yet. Do you like it because it is a thriller?
I didn't know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's a good one. Did you know Beverly Hills starred in it?
That's a good one. Did you know that Peter Jason also starred in a movie called The Last Samurai?
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
Do you like comedies because it is a comedy?
Cinder was released in 2005.
I do. Did you like Fanstatic Beasts because it was written by J.K Rowling or because it is a thriller?
Yes, Maurice Hindle is a writer, author, and author. He wrote The Amazing Spider-Man series.
Have you read any of his books?
If you like young-adult fiction, you might also like The Looking Glass Wars. It's a great read.
The Divergent Series is a young-adult fiction novel written by Maurice Hindle.
You're welcome!
Yes, he starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that?
Do you like Sci-Fi movies? Or you might want to check out Shark Night.
I don't know much about them except that they are in the National Football League. Do you like baseball?
The only one I have been to is The New York Mets' Stadium. Have you been there?
Minute Maid is a baseball team based in Chicago, Illinois.
Sure! Thomas Lennon starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wild Life. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, it is a television series.
I love Chealsea! She is a great tennis player. Do you like tennis?
The best team in the world is Manchester United F.C.
Yes, I agree.
King Kong is a sci-fi thriller. Do you like sci-fi?
Thomas Kretschmann is a writer, director, and director. He is also a director.
It was released in 1994
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I'm a fan of the Broncos, but I don't follow football.
I'm not sure if he's played football, but if he's a good player, he's a good player.
I'm not sure if that's what you're looking for, but if you like drama, you might like X-Men Origins.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them except that they are in the National Football League. Do you like them?
I don't know much about MBA. Are you a fan of the Mets?
Field of Dreams is a sports movie. Do you like sports movies?
I don't know much about him but I do know he is a point guard for the Minnesota Timberwolves
I don't know much about him but I do know he's a point guard.
I have not, but I know Lebron is a basketball player
Yes, it was written by John Scalzi and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Do you like sci-fi films, because it is a sci-fi?
I am not sure about that, but I do know that Lowell Cunningham directed it. It is a sci-fi film.
You're welcome.
Sure! Do you like Batman Begins because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Yes, The Dark Knight has a sequel
You're welcome!
Robin Hobb wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. Have you read it?
The Golden Fool was released in 1847.
Sure. Kurt Vonnegut Jr wrote The Secret Agent: A Space Adventure. Have you heard of it?
It is a speculative fiction
Yes, if you like speculative fiction, you will like Welcome to the Monkey House
Sure! Did you like it because it was a Sci-Fi movie?
Lake of Fire is starring Robert De Niro
Lake of Fire is a film, with a genre of Thriller
You're welcome
E.V. Rieu wrote
Have you read  or ?
The Flattered Fish and Other Poems was released in 1962
Sure! Cheryl Strayed wrote Wilde, Wilde, Wilde, Wilde, and Wilde. Have you read any of those?
Wild: From Lost to Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail is a novel.
You're welcome.
If you give a mouse a mouse a cookie is written by Felicia Bond and released in 1985.
Yes, both are by same author. If you enjoy a mouse a mouse a mouse to the Movies.
You're very welcome!
Do you like Eyes Wide Shut because it is a thriller?
If you like psychological thrillers, you might also like Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
I don't have that information but I can tell you it is a psychological thriller.
Glad I could help!
Charles Duhigg wrote The Power of Thinking Without Thinking and The Power of Thinking Without Thinking.
The Power of Habit is a book written by Charles Duhigg
Sure, adding it now
Did you like The Godfather because it was a drama or because it was a drama?
He is a great player. Did you know he was born in Boston?
Yes, he is. He's also a member of the Boston Celtics.
The Chicago Bulls is a basketball team based in Chicago. Do you like basketball?
I don't have any information on that, but I can tell you that Chicago Bulls is one of their top basketball teams
I don't think so
You're welcome
Dear John is a young-adult fiction book written by Stephen King.
Yes, True Believer was written by Nicholas Sparks and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! Do you like thrillers?
Are you looking for other books by the same author, Margaret Stohl?
Jane Austen also wrote Sense and Sensibility. Have you read that one?
Persuasion is a Romance novel written by Jane Austen.
Glad I could help!
Yes, I do. I love Linkin Park because it is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like Romantic Comedy?
Do you like Warner Bros? Warner Bros. Records have Warner Bros. Records have Warner Bros. Records have Warner Bros. Records have Warner Bros. Records have Warner Bros. Records have Warner Bros.
Sure! Andrew Stanton directed The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it yet?
Finding Nemo was written by Andrew Stanton and is a thriller.
Yes, Ellen DeGeneres starred in it as well as Robert De Niro.
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. He starred in The Martian Chronicles and The Martian Chronicles. Have you seen those?
That's right. Jennifer Hale also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
I'm not sure about Family movies but I can tell you it's a family movie.
You're welcome.
Yes, Yuvraj Singh is an actor who starred in a lot of movies.
I don't know much about him but I know he is a famous bowler.
Yes, Simon Beaufoy was a writer of Hunger Game.
Yes, he is a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers.
Yes, Paul Allen owns the Portland Trail Blazers.
I'm not sure about that, but he's a point guard for Seattle Seahawks.
Yes, The King's Speech was written by Rick Riordan and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, it is a TV program that also starred Helena Bonham Carter
Yes, that is a great mini-series.
I do! She's a great singer, singer, singer, and singer.
I don't know a lot about Sia Furler, but I do know she is a singer.
I don't know about her music but I do know she is a singer.
The Chicago Bears are a pretty good team. Do you like them?
I don't know much about the Bears, but I do know they're coached by John Fox.
I'm sure you'll enjoy them!
I think he is a good basketball player. Do you like basketball?
He is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Do you like basketball?
Yes he does. He is also a point guard for the Houston Rockets.
Hayley Atwell starred in The Pillars of the Earth. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Hayley Atwell also starred in The Pillars of the Earth. Have you seen that one?
Then you might like The Pillars of the Earth or The Pillars of the Earth.
You're welcome.
Yes, I do. Did you know Brokeback Mountain is starring Tom Hanks?
Yes. She was also in the movie X-Men: First Class. Have you seen that one?
I don't know much about them but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I don't know much about Lovie Smith, but I do know Lovie Smith is a coach.
I am a big fan of football.
Do you like books written by J.K. Rowling?
Have you read Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets?
It's a great book. It's a great book. It's a great book.
I hope you enjoy them!
Sure! Woody Allen starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
To Rome With Love was starred by Woody Allen. It's a Romance film.
You're welcome.
Sure. Do you like his work because it is a drama?
Do you like Japanese cartoons?
Sure. You might also like The World's End, which is a comedy.
You're welcome!
Yes, Jeffrey Eugenides is a writer, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author
It's a mystery. Dorian Gray is a novel.
It was released in 1867.
You're welcome.
Do you like action comedy movies?
Seth Rogen is a great actor. He starred in a lot of action movies, including X-Men Origins: Wolverine, X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Yes, Mindy Kaling also starred in The Imitation Game. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote a lot of books. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Sure, Miranda Richardson was in Gideon's Daughter, which is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Phantom of the opera is a fantasy film.
Sure, I'll send it now.
I do! She is a singer-songwriter. Do you like her music?
I love Adele's song Whatcha Say. What about you?
Oh yes, I like that one. I think you will enjoy it.
Inception is directed by Christopher Nolan. He also directed The Prestige.
Yes, Christopher Nolan directed The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
I'm not sure, but Christopher Nolan also directed The Prestige and The Prestige. Have you seen those?
I'm sorry, I don't have any similar Sci-Fi films.
Waterworld is a Sci-Fi film.
Glad I could help!
He plays for the Brazil national football team. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about soccer but I know Daniel Alves plays for the Brazil national football team.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer.
Yes, they are doing well this year. Do you have a favorite team?
I think they will win the NFC North.
Are you looking for something similar to great expectations because it is a fantasy?
Charles Dickens is influenced by Charles Dickens and was influenced by Charles Dickens.
I don't know anything else about Empire Falls, but Charles Dickens wrote A Tale of Two Cities, which is a social criticism.
Great Expectations is also a book written by Charles Dickens.
Working class is based on a novel written in English.
You're welcome!
Kierra Cass is a great author. Have you read the book The Time Traveler's Wife?
Sure, she also wrote The Siren. Have you read that one yet?
The Siren is a young-adult fiction and was released in 2012.
You're welcome!
Do you like Mission: Impossible - Ghost Protocol because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Born of War is an action packed movie. Do you like action movies?
If you like Romance, you might like The Last Samurai. It is also a movie.
I hope you enjoy it!
Nineteen Eighty-Four is a self help book. Do you like self help books?
Animal Farm was written by George Orwell. George Orwell also wrote Nineteen Eighty-Four. Have you read that one?
You're welcome!
Yes, Gabriel Garcia Marquez wrote Un naufrago and Un naufrago.
Yes, he is a writer. He wrote a lot of books. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Fear and Loathing was written by Virginia Woolf.
Well, if you like cartoons, you might also like The Golden Compass. Have you read that one?
You're welcome.
Adam Brown starred in a lot of movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
Bradley Cooper starred in a lot of movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
The Woods was written by Bradley Cooper and is a Thriller.
The Words was written by Bradley Cooper and is a Thriller.
Do you like books written by J.K. Rowling?
Think and Grow Rich has genre Adventure. what else can i answer for you today?
yes he was. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome. anything else i can do for you?
Edgar Allan Poe wrote The Poems and The Poems. Have you read those?
The Raven was released in 1851.
You're welcome.
I know he plays for the Spain national football team. Are you a soccer fan?
I don't have that information right now but I do know they are coached by Jose Mourinho.
I don't have that information but I do know that he is from Barcelona.
Do you like Aladdin because it is a Thriller?
X-Men: Days of Future Past is a good one
I'm sorry I don't have that information
Neil Jordan directed a lot of great movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
The Good Thief also starred Ralph Fiennes. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. He also directed The End of the Affair. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Quentin Tarantino directed a lot of movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Yes, Rob Zombie was in Grindhouse. Have you seen it?
I don't have any information on that, but I can tell you that he was also a director.
You're welcome.
Do you like Downfall because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
The Baader Meinhof Complex is a Sci-Fi movie, have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
You're welcome.
I do! He's a great singer. Do you like his music?
Nicki Minaj is a singer, songwriter, and songwriter. Do you like her music?
That's a good one. I'll have to check it out.
Yes, it was written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
Cassandra Clare also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex
Yes it is a series
You're welcome
Sure! Dress Your Family in Corduroy was written by James Dashner and was released in 2012.
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you it is a comedy.
You're welcome!
Fred Willard starred in a lot of movies. Would you like to know who starred in them?
Youth in Revolt is a science fiction film
You're welcome!
Great! Have a great day!
You're welcome!
Do you like Blood Diamond because it is a Thriller?
Yes, David Hounsou is starring in that movie
The Lord of War was released in 2003
Yes, CCH Pounder starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen it?
He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Yes, it is. Kevin Zegers also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
The Devil Wears Prada is starring Scarlett Johansson.
Meryl also starred in The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen it?
Yes, she was in that one as well. She also starred in The Devil Wears Prada.
I hope you enjoy it!
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was released in 2009.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was also released in 1997.
Do you like Louis Sachar because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
If you like Fiction, you might like The Looking Glass Wars, or The Looking Glass Wars. Have you read either of those?
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Dan Gilroy directed The Golden Compass. Have you seen that one?
The Bourne Legacy is starring Matt Damon and was released in 2012.
Sure, you might like The Bourne Legacy, which is a action movie.
Yes, Hayao Miyazaki directed The Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Ya-Yaa-Ya-
Ponyo is an adventure film, do you like adventure films?
I don't have any information on Ponyo, but Hayao Miyazaki starred in it.
Yes, Ponyo is an animated film. It's based on a series of anime films.
Yes, he directed The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen that one?
There Will Be Blood is starring Willie Garson. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Paula Hawkins wrote a number of books, including Where the Wild Things Are. Have you heard of it?
The Girl on the Train is written by Paula Hawkins and is a drama. Do you like drama?
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
The Girl on the Train is a drama, have you read that one?
No problem, enjoy!
The Bad Beginning is a young-adult fiction book written by Rick Riordan. Do you like young adult fiction?
Ok. I'll add that for you.
Yes, it is.
You're welcome!
Do you like Vladimir Naokov because he is a writer?
Pinn has written a lot of books, but if you like Vladimir Naokov you may want to try The Last Samurai.
Yes, Nabokov wrote it
It is speculative fiction
your welcome
The book Memoirs of a Geisha was written by Steven Spielberg and is a speculative fiction.
The author is J.K. Rowling
Yes he also wrote Memoirs of a Geisha
You are welcome
I think Wladimir Klitschko is a good boxer. Do you like boxing?
Yes, he wrote Scream 4.
Yes, Courteney Cox and Anna Paquin starred in Scream 4.
I'm not sure about that, but if you like sitcoms, you should check out The Expendables.
Green Eggs and Ham is written by Dr. Seuss
There is also a book written by Dr. Seuss. Would you like to read it?
Yes, that's right!
Kung Fu Panda is a science fiction film starring Tom Hanks. Do you like science fiction movies?
Seth Rogan also starred in The Incredibles. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Emma Stone was in Superbad with Emma Stone.
You're welcome!
Yes, E.B. White wrote The Trot of the Swan and The Elements of Style.
Sure. Do you like romance movies?
I do not have that information but I can tell you it is a drama and comedy. Do you like comedy?
I don't have that information but I can tell you it is a drama.
Yes, it is a family movie. Do you like family movies?
No problem, enjoy!
The Terminator is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
Yes, that is correct. Did you know the Women of Brewster Place is starring Tom Hanks?
I don't know much about him but I do know he was in The Women of Brewster Place.
Sure. Is there anything else I can help with?
Natascha McElhone is a singer-songwriter. Do you like her music?
The Truman Show was released in 1999.
Deception Point is written by Dan Brown. It is a thriller. Do you like thriller?
Deception Point is speculative fiction
Do you like books written by Maurice Sendak because they are speculative fiction?
Little Bear is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
Great, enjoy!
You're welcome!
I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
He's directed a lot of great movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Inland Empire is a Thriller.
Idiocracy is a science fiction movie.
It was released in 2004.
Of course!
You're welcome.
Do you like Gone with the Wind because it is a drama or because it is a thriller?
Do you like the Great Gatsby because it is a drama or because it is a drama?
The Sound of Music is a great movie. The Sound of Music is starring Tom Hanks.
You're welcome.
Sure! Ellen Burstyn starred in a few movies, including The Wedding Date, The Wedding Date, and The Wedding Date. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, Rafael Nadal is a tennis player. Are you a tennis fan?
Yes, Venus is my favorite tennis player. Venus is my favorite tennis player. Venus is my favorite tennis player.
I didn't know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
To Kill a Mockingbird is written by Harper Lee who also wrote Go Set a Watchman.
Then you might like To Kill a Mockingbird. It was written by Harper Lee.
You're welcome!
She's a great singer and actress. I love her music.
Yes, I like her music. She's also a singer, dancer, and dancer.
I didn't know she is married to Natalie Portman. She is also a musician.
Peter Gallagher starred in a lot of movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Yes, it is. Sandra Bullock also starred in a romantic comedies called The Last Stand.
I don't have any romantic movies with Peter Gallagher but if you like romantic comedies, you might also like Zoolander. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome.
Yes, he is a great writer. He wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer. Have you heard of that one?
The Portable Atheist is speculative fiction
I am not sure if he has written any other books
Glad I could help
Yes, he plays for the Colombia national football team. Do you like football?
He played on the Colombia national football team. Are you a fan of his?
I'm not sure if he was on FC Porto but he was a midfielder on the team.
Venus Williams is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I'm not sure if Brett Ratner starred in that movie, but he was also in a movie called Serena.
I'm not sure if Michelle Pfeiffer was in it, but it was a thriller as well.
Sure! The Glass Castle is written by Jeannette Walls and is a memoir. Do you like memoirs?
The Three Cups of Tea was written by J.K. Rowling.
Alice Sebold is a writer, author, and author. Are you interested in any of her books?
It is a fiction novel written by Alice Sebold
Yes. Lovely Bones was written by Alice Sebold and is a fiction novel.
Yes. Jack London wrote White Fang.
You're welcome.
I know she is a tennis player, but I don't know much about her.
I think Shoaib Malik is an athlete. He is also an athlete.
Hantuchova was runner-up in the 2012 Olympics. Hantuchova was runner-up in the 2012 Olympics.
Yes. Usain Bolt was also in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Are you looking for a specific genre of movies by Christopher Nolan?
If you like fantasy movies, you might also like The Looking Glass Wars. Have you seen it?
The Golden Compass is written by Chris Weitz and stars Jennifer Jason Leigh. Do you like fantasy movies?
I hope you enjoy it!
Whiplash is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Yes Wade Williams and Troy Garity star in the Good Doctor
Yes, he did. Elizabethtown is a thriller.
Breakfast of Champions was written by J.K. Rowling and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
That's a good one. Did you know Kurt Vonnegut Jr is a writer and author?
I agree. Did you know that Kurt Vonnegut Jr wrote The Timequake Book?
Yes, he directed a lot of great movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Yes, John Sayles wrote The Spiderwick Chronicles. Have you heard of that one?
The genre is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Phil Mickelson is a great golfer. Do you like golf?
I'm not sure, but I do know Phil Mickelson won the 2005 Masters Tournament.
I'm not sure but I do know Phil Mickelson was a member of the 2010 Masters Tournament.
Truman Capote wrote Truman Capote is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Mickey Rooney starred in the movie. He also starred in the movie The Wedding Date. Have you seen it?
Yes, you might like The Fault in Our Stars. It's a great movie.
Yes, he wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement
It is a young-adult fiction book.
That's a good one. Spencer Johnson also wrote A Walk to Remember which is a great book.
Sure! Sam Taylor-Johnson starred in Taken, Taken, and Taken. Have you seen any of those?
Nowhere Boy was starred by Jennifer Jason Leigh. Do you like thrillers?
Nowhere Boy is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Do you like Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas because it is a thriller?
Yes he did, he also wrote The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen it?
V for Vendetta is a political Thriller. Do you like political thrillers?
Yes, she wrote The Princess Diaries. Have you heard of that one?
The Last Runaway is a drama. Do you like drama?
I'm not sure if it's a good one, but it's a historical fiction.
You're welcome!
Frank Darabont is a great actor. He starred in a lot of movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Yes, it is also a movie starring Chris Owen and Cherami Leigh. Do you like thrillers?
I am not sure if that is true but I do like National Lampoons Dorm Daze great films.
Annie Hall is a great movie. I recommend Annie Hall if you like Annie Hall.
Yes, he is a great golfer who won the 2012 PGA Championship.
The lead role in the Bourne Legacy is Matt Damon
The genre is Thriller
X-Men Origins
the series is a series
you are welcome
Sure! Where the Sidewalk Ends is written by Arty poetry. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he wrote Where the Sidewalk Ends, and A Light in the Attic
The Giving Tree, Falling up, and Falling up are similar.
You're welcome!
I know he is a singer, songwriter, and musician. Do you like his music?
Yes, I like Taylor Swift. She is a great singer, singer, singer, and songwriter.
Yes, I agree.
Sure! Laura Hillenbrand wrote The Wedding Date and The Wedding Date. Have you read those?
Seabiscuit is a novel written by Laura Hillenbrand.
Glad I could help!
Sure, he directed a lot of great films. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
The Doors stars Willie Garson, Robert Duvall, and Robert De Niro.
Yes, the band is a member of the band.
You're welcome!
Patrick Rothfuss is a great author. He is a writer, author, and author. Do you like his books?
I'm not sure if that's what you're looking for. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Glad I could help!
Do you like Divergent because it's speculative fiction?
Then you might like The Looking Glass Wars. It's a Young-adult fiction.
Yes, he is a soccer player who plays for Manchester United F.C.
I don't know much about him but I do know he is a football player
I don't have any information on Thiago Silva but I can tell you he is an athlete
I don't know much about them but I do know they are in the National Football League.
I am a fan of the Seattle Seahawks. Who is your favorite player?
Yes, the 49ers were the Superbowl XIX champions.
Sure! Do you like pitch perfect because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Anna Kendrick also starred in The Wackness, which is a drama film.
Yes. The Last Five Years is a drama/mystery film.
Yes. The Last Five Years is a Sci-Fi movie. Would you like to see it?
I'm not sure about any other comedies, but Anna Kendrick also starred in The Last Five Years, which is a musical comedy.
You're welcome!
Yes, E.H. Gormbrich is an actor who starred in a lot of movies. Do you like his movies?
Yes, he is an athlete that plays for the India national cricket team.
I am not a fan of cricket, but I do enjoy watching it.
Yes, he is a cricket player. Do you like cricket?
Sure, he wrote The Road to El Dorado. Have you heard of that one?
Sure, it is a science fiction novel, do you like science fiction?
I'm not sure if there is anything else I can help you with
You're welcome
I don't know much about him but I do know he plays for the Spain national football team.
I'm not sure, but I do know he plays for the Spain national football team.
Yes, Louis van Gaal is a midfielder and forward for Barcelona.
I'm not sure about that but I do know Louis van Gaal is a midfielder.
Sure, Joseph Heller wrote The Silence of the Lambs. Have you heard of it?
Joseph Heller is a writer, author, author, and author. He is also a scientist.
Sure! Fifty Shades Freed was written by E.B. White and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
If you like that series, you may want to try The Fault in Our Stars. Have you read that?
Bared to You is written by E.L. James
It was released in 2013
Glad I could help
Yes, Franz Kafka is an author, author, author, author, author, and author.
It's a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Are you looking for something similar to Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption?
Laura Hillenbrand also wrote a book called Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival. Have you read that one?
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a great actor. He's starred in a lot of movies. Have you seen any of them?
Yes, it was written by Steven Spielberg
Yes, he directed Braveheart
Yes, he wrote The Assassin's Blade , he is a writer
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
Sure! Martin Gardener wrote The Last Stand and The Last Stand. Have you read either of those?
The book was released in 1847.
It's a non-fiction book that was released in 2007.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about them but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer
Yes, that's right. Did you know they were coached by Mike Shanahan?
Yes, he is still playing for the Broncos.
Do you like Girl with a Pearl Earring because it is a fantasy?
Yes, it is a sci-fi novel.
Snow Crash is written by Steven Spielberg.
Tropic Thunder is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Ben Stiller starred in Tropic Thunder as well as starred in it.
Yes, I can recommend you X-Men Origins: Wolverine
Yes, Diana Gabaldon wrote The Virgin Suicides and The Virgin Suicides. Have you read those?
Yes, it was released in 2016.
Zero to One is a Thriller.
You're welcome!
Renny Harlin directed a number of movies, including The Pillars of the Earth, and The Pillars of Earth. Have you seen any of those?
Renny Harlin starred in that movie
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about them but I do know they are owned by Bill Bidwill.
I am not sure if they were in the AFC but they did win the Super Bowl XLVII
I don't know much about them but I do know they were runner ups in Super Bowl XLVII
Sure! Doug Liman directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure about that, but John-Henry was also in that film as well.
It was written by John-Henry and released in 2010. It's a drama.
I don't have that information but I can tell you that John Powell starred in the movie Fair Game.
Yes, John Henry Butterworths is a writer, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter and screenwriter.
Yes, he's a basketball player. Are you a fan of basketball?
I don't know much about her but Gabrielle Union is married to Hayden Panettiere.
Yes, it was. It was written by Steve Harvey. Did you know he was also a musician?
Yes, it is a great sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
It's a sci-fi movie also starring Gary Oldman. Do you like sci-fi movies?
I don't have any examples for sci-fi but I can tell you that Andy Serkis also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Noam Murro directed 300: Rise of an Empire. Have you seen it?
300: Rise of an Empire is a war film. Do you like war films?
300: Rise of an Empire was released in 2014.
War is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
Yes, Eva Green the heroine of the film.
Eva Green was born in Los Angeles, California.
I hope you enjoy it!
I am a Dodgers fan. Are you a fan of the Dodgers?
Magic Johnson is a basketball player from Los Angeles, California. Do you like basketball?
I'm not sure about that, but I do know Magic Johnson was born in Los Angeles.
Sure, Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. Have you read any of those?
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was starred by Robert Louis Stevenson. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, the 2008 version is based on a book written by Stephen King and released in 2008.
I don't have any other books written by that author, but I do know Dougray Scott was also a film producer.
You're welcome.
Sure! Their Eyes Were Watching God is a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
The Sword of Shannara is a young-adult fiction novel written by John Scalzi.
I don't have any other books written by her but I can tell you she was a writer for The Sword of Shannara.
Paul Pogba-do is a soccer player who plays as a midfielder and midfielder.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is from Manchester United.
I don't know much about Alabama but I do know Wayne Rooney is from the United States.
I'm not sure about that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, Patrick Suskind is a writer, author, and author. He wrote a lot of books. Have you read them?
Do you like the Grapes of Wrath because it is speculative fiction?
Tropic of Cancer is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Have you read any of the books by John Steinbeck?
I'm sorry I don't have that information but Anne Tyler is a great author.
The Night Watch was written by Anne Tyler.
I hope you enjoy it!
Do you like the Bruges because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Yes, it does. Tom Waits also starred in The Assassin's Blade which is a thriller.
Helena Mattsson also starred in The Hunger Games and The Hunger Games. Have you seen those?
I hope you enjoy them!
Sure! O Brother, Where Art Thou is starring Scarlett Johansson. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes Holly Hunter was in Thirteen, Where Art Thou, and The Last Samurai. Have you seen any of those?
She also starred in The Wedding Date. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Lacks and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It was written by Steven Spielberg and was released in 2010.
It is a drama
I don't have anything else written by him but Arthur C. Clarke
Yes, I can tell you that it was written by Henning Koch and released in 2012.
2012 is a great book. The book 2012 is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure! Do you like the fourth star wars because it is a thriller?
Then you might want to check out War of the Worlds then. Have you seen that one?
The Golden Compass is a sci fi movie. Do you like sci fi movies?
Interstellar is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
You are welcome
Yes, The Hungers Games: Catching Fire is written by Suzanne Collins and is in the Young-adult fiction genre. Do you like fiction?
Chris Weitz directed The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen that one?
I don't know who else starred in it but Chris Weitz also starred in it.
She also starred in The Wedding Date. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome.
I don't know much about him but I do know he is a tennis player.
No, I haven't. I'm not a big fan of tennis. What about you?
I don't play tennis, but I do enjoy watching tennis matches.
Melina Karakosta wrote Le Petit Prince.
Melina Karakosta wrote Le Petit Prince as well as Le Petit Prince.
Le Petit Prince is Antoine de Saint-Exupéry. Do you like his work?
The Last Stand is a superhero movie. Do you like superhero movies?
The Last Stand is a superhero movie. Do you like superhero movies?
Logan is a superhero movie, starring Tom Hanks. It is a superhero movie.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in a lot of movies. Have you seen any of them?
Yes, Rian Johnson directed a lot of movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
I like Romance Films. I'm a big fan of Thrillers.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Peter Bart wrote The Secret Agent: A Story of Success and The Messenger. Have you read either of those?
The Godfather also has genre Historical period drama
The Godfather was released in 1994
The Green Mile is written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King books?
Stephen King also wrote Where the Wild Things Are, have you read that one?
Yes there is. The Dead Zone is based on a film adaptation.
You're welcome.
You're welcome!
Sure! Christina Baker Kline wrote The Orphan Train which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
She also wrote The Virgin Suicides which was released in 2013
Yes. The Way Life Should Be, Sweet Water and Bird in Hand are both romance novels.
I Am Legend is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like thrillers?
I am not sure if he has starred in any other movies, but Will Smith starred in a few called The Hunger Games. Have you seen those?
I am not sure if he had any other roles in the movie, but he was also in I, Robot which is also a Sci-Fi movie.
Yes, I like Hot Fuzz because it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
If you like action and adventure films, you might also like X-Men: Days of Future Past.
I'm not sure about it but it is a adventure film.
I do! He's a singer, songwriter, and songwriter. Do you like his music?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a singer.
I don't know a lot about Elton John, but I do know he is a composer and songwriter.
To Kill a Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee
Yes, The Incredible Journey was also written in 1960
Sure! Les Miserables is a Thriller and was written by Steven Spielberg. Do you like his work?
Sure. You might also like A Christmas Carol, which is a musical-theater.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other information on those films.
Yes, The Deer Hunter is a Thriller and was written by Dan Brown. Do you like thrillers?
The Deer Hunter is directed by Steven Spielberg
Meryl Streep is talented
The River Wild also starred Robert De Niro
I don't know much about them but I do know they are in the National Football League.
I don't know much about them but I do know they are in the National Football League.
Cold Mountain is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like his movies?
Yes, Renee Zellweger also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen it?
Cold Mountain is a war film. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Yes, J.K Simmons is an athlete, athlete, athlete, and athlete.
He has starred in a lot of thriller films, but if you like thrillers, you might want to check out Shark Night, which is a thriller.
The Good Doctor also starred Robert De Niro and Robert De Niro. Have you seen it?
Public Enemies is starring Bruce Willis. Are you familiar with his work?
He also starred in a couple of movies. Have you seen them?
I'm not sure what comedies he's down but Michael Rispoli was in The Rum Diary.
I think you'll enjoy it!
I do not have that information but I can tell you it was written by Steven Spielberg
The Fugitive was released in 2009.
You're very welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
He also starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
Yes, Tommy Lee Jones was in that movie as well. I think you will enjoy it.
You're welcome!
Yes, J. M. Barrie wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex. Have you heard of it?
Peter Pan was released in 1904. Are you looking for something similar to that?
The Little White Bird is considered children's literature.
No problem, enjoy!
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the France national football team.
He plays for the France national football team. Do you like football?
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
I don't have any information on any other movies he was in, but he was also in X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Joh Favreau is a writer, author, and author. Have you read any of his books?
Yes that is correct. Jonathan Silverman also starred in a movie called The Time Traveler's Wife.
Yes he did. Did you know he is also a producer?
Yes Kevin Nealon did star in The Old Broads
Yes she did and she also starred in the movie The Gazebo
The Gazebo is a comedy starring Kevin Nealon
Sure, Seth MacFarlane wrote and directed the movie, Seth MacFarlane. Have you seen it?
Family Guy is written by Seth MacFarlane and directed by Seth MacFarlane
Yes Seth MacFarlane is a writer, director, and director
Skyfall is starring Scarlett Johansson and Robert De Niro.
Yes, Rory Kinnear also starred in a few other films such as The Incredible Hulk and The Incredible Hulk. Have you seen any of those?
I don't have that information but I do know Wild Target was produced by Ralph Fiennes. Would you like to know who produced it?
Quantum of Solace is a Thriller.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
I hope you enjoy it!
Dead to the World is written by Charlaine Harris. Do you like Charlaine Harris?
She's a great actress. She's starred in a lot of movies. Have you seen any of them?
I'm sorry, I don't have any other recommendations for Janet Evanovich.
You're welcome.
Yes, David O. Russell directed The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen it?
It is a drama. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Yes, Jamie Kennedy was in it. It is a war film.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, it is a great book written by John Green. Do you like his books?
I'm not sure if he's written anything else, but I do know that he was influenced by the author, John Green. Did you know he was a teacher?
The Fault in Our Stars was released in 2008.
Sure! Max Brooks is a writer, director, and director. He is a director. Do you like his books?
World War Z was released in 2010.
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
Great. Anything else I can help you with?
Sure, Ryan Reynolds starred in a lot of movies. Did you know he also starred in The Fault in Our Stars?
If you like Thrillers, you might also like Shark Night. Have you seen it?
I hope you enjoy them!
Sure! Rufus Beck wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Have you read it?
Do you like movies written by J.K. Rowling?
Orlando Bloom is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
Yes, it was written by Michael Ende. Michael Ende also wrote The Golden Compass.
Do you like Mission: Impossible because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
I don't know any other Tom Cruise movies, but if you like Tom Cruise, you might want to try X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I do. He's a singer, singer, singer, and singer.
Yes, Holden Scott wrote The Social Network. Did you know he starred in a few movies
I do like dramas. Do you like dramas?
Yes, it was written by Neil Gaiman and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
True Lies is a great sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Yes, it is a Spy film. It is based on a novel by James Cameron.
He is a soccer player who plays for the Mexico national football team. Do you like soccer?
I don't know much about soccer but I do know they are coached by Jose Mourinho.
You're welcome.
Sure, do you like the book because it is written by Alan R. Clarke or because it is an adventure?
Paulo Cohelo is a writer who wrote The Alchemist.
Yes, he wrote Onze minutos.
Jeffrey DeMunn is a writer, director, and director. He starred in a lot of movies. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, it did. She also starred in The Green Hornet. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Isn't he a player on the Germany national football team?
The Kansas City Chiefs are a professional American football team based in the National Football League. Do you like football?
Football is my favorite sport. What about you?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite player?
Yes, The invention of wings is a movie, and it was written by Steven Spielberg.
Yes, the Last Samurai is starring Tom Cruise. Do you like Tom Cruise movies?
Yes, Pink Panther 2 is starring Yuki Matsuzaki.
Andy Garcia was also in The Last Samurai. Have you seen that one?
Andy Garcia was also in The Last Samurai, which is a drama.
You're welcome!
The Dallas Cowboys are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I have not seen that movie, but I know Ned Beatty was in the Patriots and was in the Patriots.
I have seen Jerry Maguire, but I haven't seen it. Is it a comedy?
I like a lot of rom-coms. I'd also like to watch the Patriots. Have you seen that one?
Sure! Peter Berg directed The War of the Worlds. Have you seen that one?
Battleship is a action film. Do you like action movies?
You're welcome!
Wonder was written by RJ Palacio and was released in 2012.
R.J Palacio also wrote The Julian chapter.
Yes that is correct
I am not sure, but I can tell you it was released in 2014
You are welcome.
Bill Murray is a great actor. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
I am not sure, but I can tell you it is starring Billy Murray
Nina Baym wrote The Scarlet Letter
She also wrote The Scarlet Letter. Have you read that one?
Scarlet Letter is a romance novel.
Lifetime was written in 1847.
Sure! Young adult genre is Young adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Persuasion is written by Jane Austen and was released in 1817.
Jane Austen also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Pride and Prejudice.
Jane Austen also wrote Pride and Prejudice, a romance novel.
Great, enjoy!
Sure! Judd Hirsch starred in a number of movies. Have you seen that one?
Tower Heist is a drama film directed by David Hirsch. Do you like dramas?
Tower Heist also has a genre of Drama.
I am not sure about any other crime movies, but I can tell you that Nina Arianda is also a film and Casey Affleck is also in it.
She wrote оскресение and нна аренина.
Of course! Louise Maude wrote mostly Russian. She has also written a few books in Russian.
You're welcome!
Yes, I like the Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring.
Do you like any other Pirates of the Caribbean movies?
Yes, it is written by Kim Edwards and was released in 2005.
Have you read The Memory Keeper's Daughter? It is a novel.
I am not sure about that, but Kim Edwards also won the Whiting Writes Award for Best Novels.
Yes, it was written by Snow Crash and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
Sure, he starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure who else starred in What's Your Number, but The Perfect Score was written by Chris Evans.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it was released in 2011.
You're welcome!
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
Yes, Ernest Hemingway also wrote The Great Gatsby
No problem. Anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I am not a fan of tennis but I do know Stan Wawrinka was in the 2012 Olympics.
Yes, Tommy Haas was in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Running with Scissors is a great book. Do you like books written by John Scalzi?
A Wolf at the Table is a novel that was released in 1847.
Yes, it is a sequel to that book.
You're welcome!
Do you like books written by Jared Diamond?
It's a comedy.
It was written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
Sure! Wes Craven wrote The Hunger Games. Have you seen that one?
He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure if Harris Yulin starred in that one, but he also starred in a movie called My Soul to Take.
You're welcome!
Of course! Anne Rice wrote Anne Rice's books, which is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, she did and Frankenstein is a novel written by Anne Rice.
I don't have any information on that, but Anne Rice wrote Anne Rice's latest novel; The Mummy, Queen of the Damned, and The Vampire.
Sure, do you like the author, Graveyard Book because it is a fantasy?
Neil Gaiman also wrote The Graveyard Book. Have you read that one yet?
You're welcome.
Lois Lowry wrote Where the Wild Things Are. Have you heard of that one?
It's a speculative fiction.
I don't have that information but if you like science fiction you'll like 'The Giver'
The Great Gatsby is a war film. Do you like war films?
Yes, he directed a lot of great movies, including War of the Worlds. Have you seen that one?
Yes, it was a great movie. It was a sci-fi film that also starred Robert De Niro.
Warcraft is a Sci-Fi movie.
I don't know much about them but I do know they are in the National Football League.
I think the Seahawks will win the super bowl XLVII.
I am not sure, but I do know the Seahawks won the Super Bowl XLVII
I have never watched a game live in person. Who is your favorite player?
Do you like Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade because it is a thriller?
Robert De Niro was the director
I don't have any information on any other movies he directed but I do know he was also a director.
The Bourne Legacy was written by Neil Gaiman and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Jeremy Renner also starred in The Bourne Legacy. Have you seen it?
Haha. I'll have to check it out, thanks.
Do you like the Hobbit because it is a fantasy or because it is a fantasy?
Yes, The Hobbit was also written by Tolkien.
Yes, it is a fairy tale. Do you like fairy tale?
I do not have that information but I can tell you it was written by John Scalzi.
Yes, he was also in The Huntsman. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome.
The Lightning Thief is written by Rick Riordan. Do you like his work?
I haven't read any of the Percy Jackson series, but I do know Rick Riordan wrote The Lightning Thief and The Lightning Thief.
The series is speculative fiction.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sara Dessen starred in a lot of movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Sarah Dressen wrote a book called Sara Dessen, it is a comedy.
It was a great movie. Did you know Sara Dessen starred in that movie?
Inception was written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Prestige.
Yes, Christopher Nolan also wrote The Prestige.
Sure! For Whom the Bell Tolls is written by Tom Hanks. Do you like his books?
Yes, he also wrote Tolls, Tolls, and Tolls, to name a few.
You're welcome.
Yes, he starred in Deadpool. Have you seen it?
Deadpool is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like his movies?
Deadpool is a drama
I love Lebron James! He's a great actor. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a few movies.
I'm not sure if it's Spirit Soda company, but he is a spokesperson for Nike.
I'm not sure about that, but I do know Phil Knight is a basketball player.
Sure, do you like Young-adult fiction?
The book is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
Have you read the book or read the book or read the book?
Yes, This Lullaby is written by Philip Pullman, who also wrote Paper Towns.
Glad I could help
Sure, he starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Sure, Whatever It Takes is starring Robert De Niro. It is a Romantic Comedy.
I don't have that information but Nick Cannon starred in The Highness and Marla Sokoloff.
You're welcome!
Yes, she's a great actress. She's starred in a lot of movies. She's been in a lot of movies. Have you seen them?
Yes, it is a fiction book. Do you like fiction books?
Yes, it's considered a Gothic fiction.
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you seen it?
The Apostle is starred by Robert Duvall. Robert Duvall also starred in The Apostle.
Robert Duvall also starred in The Apostle. Have you seen it?
Farrah Fawcett is a Thriller.
You're welcome.
Yes, he directed a lot of great movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Tod Fennell also starred in The Spiderwick Chronicles. Would you like to hear more about that?
It is a drama. Do you like those kinds of movies?
You're welcome!
Pride and Prejudice is written by Jane Austen. Do you like Jane Austen?
Jane Austen wrote Pride and Prejudice and also Pride and Prejudice. Have you read those?
Janet Fitch wrote White Oleander. White Oleander is one of her works.
White Oleander was released in 2011 and it is a speculative fiction.
You're welcome.
Yes, Akira Kurosawa was passed away in 1947. Have you seen it?
Yes, if you like adventure movies, you might like The Return of the Native. It's an adventure movie.
Yes, it was a great movie. It is a romance film. Do you like romance movies?
Sure. Sending it now.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was directed by J.K. Rowling
Yes, he wrote Les Miserables. Have you read it?
Yes it was. It was also released in 1862
I'm not sure about Muc but I do know it was released in 1862
I don't know of any other works by Shakespeare, but I do know they are Romance Films
If you like Once Upon a Time in the West, you might also like Xenocide. Have you seen it?
Shane is written by Jack palanan and was released in 1988
You are welcome!
Sure! Jodi Picoult wrote The Last Stand, The Last Stand, and The Last Stand. Have you read any of those?
Then you might like The Looking Glass Wars. It's a fantasy book.
You're welcome.
Yes, Charles Dickens is a great author. He wrote The Great Dickens. Have you read it?
You're very welcome! He also wrote The Other Boleyn Girl which is a great read.
Yes, he did and it was released in 1847.
That is correct! It was made into a play that was made into a play.
I hope you enjoy them!
He is a basketball player who plays point guard for the Seattle Supersonics.
I'm not a big fan of basketball but I do enjoy watching the basketball games.
I like to watch basketball. What about you?
No, I haven't. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I do. Did you know it was written by Steven Spielberg?
He directed a lot of movies. I'm not sure if he's directed anything else, but he was also a director. Have you seen X-Men Origins?
I'm not sure about that, but Pan's Labyrinth is a comic movie.
Atlas Shrugged is a science fiction book. Do you like science fiction books?
Yes, Ayn Rand wrote We Are the Living
It was released in 1957
Yes, I Stay is written by Suzanne Collins. Do you like her work?
Yes, I can tell you that Charlotte Doyle is a young-adult fiction book and there is also a film adaptation of the book. Have you heard of it?
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Sure! Mark Osborne is a great Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, Seth Rogan was in that film as well, along with Seth Rogan. Did you know Seth Rogan is also a director?
Sure, Seth Rogen also directed The Little Friend and The Little Friend. Have you seen those?
I hope you enjoy Superbad!
Do you like the author James Patterson who wrote 1st to die?
Sure! Katherine Paterson wrote The Sweet Far Thing and The Sweet Far Thing. Have you read either of those?
Yes, The Great Gilly Hopkins is a great book. You might also like The Great Gatsby. Have you read it?
I hope you enjoy them!
I am not a big basketball fan but I do know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt
I'm not sure where the team is located. I'm not sure if they're located.
I'm not much of a basketball fan, but I do like basketball.
I'm a fan of the Dallas Cowboys. What about you?
Yes, Shikhar Dhawan is an Indian international cricketer who plays cricket.
I do. He is a quarterback for the New England Patriots.
I'm not sure about that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
John Boyne wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you heard of that one?
The Boy in the Striped Pajamas is speculative fiction.
Tragicomedy was released in 1847.
I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, The Devil's Advocate was directed by Rick Riordan.
Blood In, Blood Out was a great movie. Did you know Taylor Hackford starred in it?
I don't have that information right now.
You're welcome!
Sure, Divergent is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
The Hunger Games is a Thriller, have you seen that one?
Sure, it was written by Tatiana de Rosnay and released in 2007.
Yes, Boomerang is a speculative fiction.
Yes, she wrote a lot of books. Would you like to know more about them?
You're welcome.
Sure! Anna Sewell wrote Black Beauty and Black Beauty
Anna Sewell wrote a book called Black Beauty. She is also a teacher.
You're welcome.
Yes, they are a great band. Do you like them because they are Rhythm and Blues?
I am not sure if he play any instrument, but I do know he is a singer.
I'm not sure if it's a show, but it is a comedy.
Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline and was released in 2013.
Orphan Train is considered speculative fiction.
Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline. Christina Baker Kline also wrote The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which was released in 2013.
You're welcome!
Do you like L.A. Confidential because it is a thriller?
Kevin Spacey is starring in the movie The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen it?
It's a drama.
You're welcome.
Yes, J.J. Cohen starred in Back to the Future.
Sure. You might also like Zoolander. It's a great Sci fi movie.
Yes, CCH Pounder is a writer, author, and author. Do you like his books?
Yes, Kevin Zegers also starred in The Pillars of the Earth, which is a thriller.
Yes, Aidan Turmer also starred in The Hunger Games, which is a mystery.
Zodiak is a mystery film. Do you like mystery films?
You're welcome!
I don't know much about Russel Wilson but I do know he is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Yes he plays for the Seattle Seahawks.
I'm not a big fan of the Patriots, but I'm a Packers fan.
Yes, Hayao Miyazaki directed The Matrix. Have you seen it?
It's a great family adventure film. It stars Robert De Niro and Robert De Niro. Are you a fan of those actors?
Princess Mononoke is an adventure film that was made into a movie.
You're welcome!
Do you like Matt Damon because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
That's a good one. It's based on a book by Matt Damon.
Salt, No Way Out, and The Departed are also mystery movies.
I'm not sure, but it is a psychological thriller.
I'm not sure, but I can play it for you.
I am a huge fan of Drew Brees. He is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints.
I'm not sure if he's played for any other teams but I do know he's from the United States.
I'm not sure if they go to the Super Bowl this year.
Sure! Bruce Willis is a great actor. He starred in a lot of great movies. Have you seen that one?
Have a great day!
Robert De Niro is also in that movie.
Yes, Elisabeth Shue is a action movie. Do you like action movies?
Of course! Enjoy!
You're welcome.
Do you like Gran Torino because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Warm Bodies is starring Cory Hardrict and Clint Eastwood. Do you like those actors?
I am not sure, but Cory Hardrict starred in Warm bodies
You're welcome
Sure! Brandon Sanderson wrote The Good Doctor, The Bad Doctor, and The Bad Doctor. Have you read any of those?
Warbreaker is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
Warbreaker was released in 2001.
You're welcome.
Do you like Tangled because it's a Sci-Fi movie?
Yes, there is a Walt Disney movie starring Tom Hanks. Have you seen it yet?
Yes- Molly Shannon is in that film as well as a few other Disney films.
Do you like Ender's Game because it is speculative fiction?
Orson Scott Card is a great author. He wrote Ender's Game: A Space Adventure. Have you read it?
Have you read Ender's Game? Orson Scott Card is in a series.
Glad I could help!
Sure! David O. Russell directed The Fault in Our Stars which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, George Clooney starred in Three Kings. He was also in The Fault in Our Stars
You're welcome.
Yes, he starred in a lot of movies. He is a great actor. He was also in The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen it?
He is a great actor. He is also a musician and a musician. Do you like his work?
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Forrest Gump is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that
You're welcome
I like A Christmas Carol because it is a Christmas Carol. Do you like Christmas movies?
I love Mickey's Christmas Carol. Have you seen it?
The Black Cat is a Thriller.
Fingersmith was also written in the 19th century in London.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by John Fox
I'm not sure about that but I do know they were drafted to the Eagles in 2012.
John Madden was drafted by the New England Patriots.
I didn't know that. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, Watership Down was written by John Green and is a speculative fiction. Do you like speculative fiction?
Yes, The Lord of the Rings is also a speculative fiction.
Yes, The Two Towers is a children's literature.
I don't know much about them but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I'm not sure, but they were runner ups in Super Bowl XXXIV.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, he wrote Brad Pitt's most popular films, including X-Men: Days of Future Past, X-Men: First Class, X-Men: First Class, X-Men: First Class, X-Men: First Class, X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: First Class. Have you seen any of those?
If you like historical fiction films, you might like The Looking Glass Wars. It is also a historical film.
It's a great movie. It's based on a novel by George R.R. Martin.
Sure. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, it is a great Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi is based on a sci-fi movie.
It's a great movie. It's a sci-fi movie. It's a sci-fi movie.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it's a great movie. Did you like it because it's a comedy?
Yes, he was. It is a tv comedy. Do you like tv?
I'm not sure, but Joseph Gordon Levitt was also in the tv comedy, The Other Boleyn Girl.
Sure, do you like books written by A Walk to Remember because it is a speculative fiction?
Last Song was written by Nicholas Sparks.
Yes, it's a Young-adult fiction.
He's a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
Yes Wildcats is a great movie. Do you like action movies?
Couples Retreat is a great movie. Did you see that one?
Sure, do you like Sci-Fi movies because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Volcano is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Tommy Lee Jones starred in a lot of action movies, including War of the Worlds. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he was in Dante's Peak.
You're welcome.
Yes, I would recommend The Butterfly Effect.
William Scott also starred in The Butterfly Effect and The Butterfly Effect.
Then you might like The Go-Getter, which is a thriller.
Leonard Nimoy is an actor who starred in a lot of movies. He is a writer, actor, and actor.
It is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
The Voyage Home is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like his movies?
You're welcome
Have a good day!
Do you like Inside Man because it is a thriller?
If you like thrillers, I would recommend The Big Hit.
You're welcome.
Yes, Cesc Fabregas is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Spain national football team.
American Football is a popular sport to watch. What sport do you like?
I don't know much about Rafael Nadal but I know Venus Williams is from Spain.
I don't know much about them but I do know they are owned by Steve Tisch and owned by Steve Tisch.
I don't think so, but Jason Kidd is a point guard.
Yes and he did coach the Milwaukee Bucks.
Yes, it is a great movie. It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, The Prestige starred Scarlett Johansson and Robert De Niro.
I have not seen Wild at Heart but I do know Wild at Heart is starring William Morgan Sheppard
Yes, he is a singer, songwriter, and songwriter. Do you like his music?
Rita Ora is a composer and composer. Do you like composers?
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he starred in a lot of great movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
The Hobbit is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Great, enjoy the movie!
You're welcome.
Okay. Have a good day.
Yes, he is a basketball player who plays point guard. Do you like basketball?
I don't know much about him but I know he is a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
Yes, he plays for the Los Angeles Lakers.
Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull was written by Steven Spielberg.
Yes, he also starred in X-Men: Days of Thunder
There is a different movie with different actors
You're welcome
Yes, Crescendo is a speculative fiction novel written by Steven Spielberg. Do you like that genre?
Becca Fitzpatrick also wrote Sense and Sensibility, which is a young-adult fiction.
Becca Fitzpatrick wrote Silence and Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush. Have you read any of these?
Do you like the Maze Runner because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
The Scortch Trails is a young adult fiction movie. Do you like young adult fiction?
You're welcome.
Sure. Jake Gyllenhaal starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is a drama film. Do you like those kinds of movies?
I'm not sure if he's a favorite of his movies, but if you like sci-fi, you might also like X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen it?
Yes, he directed a lot of great movies, such as X-Men: Days of Future Past and X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen those?
Annie stars a great cast including Will Gluck, Will Gluck, and Robert Duvall. Do you like any of these actors?
He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
The Notebook is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he was the author of Message in a Bottle.
Yes, Nicholas Sparks is the author of both The Notebook.
Yes, he is the author of both The Notebook and The Message in the Bottle.
Yes, Prince of Tide was written by William Shakespeare.
I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, it was written by Stephanie Meyer and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, it was written in English and written by Mark Cotta Vaz
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like books written by Nicholas Sparks or books by Nicholas Sparks?
Do you like his books because they are speculative fiction?
Yes, it was written by Chris Bigsby. He also wrote The Crucible.
He also wrote The Crucible. Have you read that one?
I don't have any other books written by him, but I can tell you more about All My Sons.
I don't know much about them but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
Yes, they are a Super Bowl XLVII.
They seem to be having a good season this year. They are having a good season this year.
Yes, Lolita is a popular author. She wrote Lolita, which is a novel.
Pale Fire is a novel written in English and is in English.
Hope you enjoy it!
No problem, enjoy!
I haven't heard of him. Is he a singer/songwriter?
I don't have any information on that one. I do know that Jessica Biel was married to Justin Timberlake.
I've seen it. Did you know it was written by Justin Timberlake?
Yes, Parts One and Two is written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like the author or genre?
Have you read any of the Harry Potter books?
Sure! The Silkworm is a fantasy novel written by J.K. Rowling. It is a fantasy novel.
Are you looking for something similar to Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas?
Yes, Night was released in 2010 and is a biographical novel.
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child is written by J.K. Rowling.
Yes, he also wrote Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, Parts One and Two and Two.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it was released in 2014.
I'm not sure, but it is in English.
Yes. Bisco Hatori has written a few books in English, including The Silkworm, and The Order of the Phoenix.
Glad I could help!
Do you like Total Recall because it is a Sci-Fi?
Yes, he plays for the France national football team. Are you a fan of his?
I like James Harden. He is a great player.
No I haven't, but I do enjoy reality TV. What about you?
I'm not sure if I've seen any American shows. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I haven't watched any of them but I do know they are based on reality TV shows.
Inception is written by Christopher Nolan, do you like thrillers?
Yes, Anne-Marie Duff starred in The Virgin Queen with Anne-Marie Duff.
Enigma is a thriller and was released in 2011.
Sure, enjoy!
Rob Reiner is a writer, director, and director. He is a film producer.
If you like Harry Met Sally, you may want to check out When Harry Met Sally. It is a thriller.
He produced the movie When Harry Met Sally and starred in the movie When Harry Met Sally
You're welcome.
Yes, Jamie Ford wrote The Wedding Date. Have you read that one?
I'm not sure, but Willow Frost was released in 2004.
You're very welcome!
She's a great singer. Did you know Selena Gomez starred in the movie The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo?
I'm not sure who starred in it but Selena Gomez starred in it. She's a great actress.
It's a drama. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Do you like Michael Parks because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Yes they did win the World Series this year. Do you like baseball?
I am not a baseball fan but I do like the Boston Red Sox.
I am not sure, but I do know the Red Sox won the World Series this year.
I think he's a great golfer, but I don't know much about him.
I don't know much about Tiger Woods, but I do know he won the 2012 PGA Championship.
I don't know about Phil Mickelson. Is Phil Mickelson a tennis player?
Sure! The Hurt Locker is starring Scarlett Johansson. Have you seen it?
Yes he did, he also starred in the movie Thor.
Sure! Deceitful Above All Things is written by Veronica Roth.
Sure, will do. Enjoy!
The Arizona Cardinals play in the National Football League. Are you a fan?
Yes they moved to Arizona from another location in New York
I like college football. What about you?
I don't know much about him but I do know he is a football player.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he's a soccer player from Manchester.
I like American Football. What about you?
It is written in English and released in 1985.
I do not have any other books written by Debora Smith but .  is in English.
Yes, it is written in English.
Along Came a Spider is written by Came a Spider. Do you like books written by Came a Spider?
Yes, it is a suspense / Thriller.
It was written by Steven Spielberg and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Neil Gaiman and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The War genre is a good one. Have you seen it yet?
If you like tragedies, you might also like The Time Traveler's Wife.
Yes, he is a scientist and a scientist. He is a scientist and author.
If you like World War Z, you might also like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee.
It is a horror film, starring Tom Everett, and Kevin Spacey. Do you like those actors?
You're welcome!
Do you like books written by Snow Flower and the Secret Fan because it is a speculative fiction?
The Lady in the Lake is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I didn't know that, but I know Saina Nehwal is a professional badminton player.
Yes, that's true. Did you know she was in the 2012 Summer Olympics?
Yes, Hamlet is written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
Yes, Romeo and Juliet is a great book. Have you read it?
Yes she did. She is a very talented actress.
Sense and Sensibility was written by Sense and Sensibility. Would you like to hear about other books written by Sense and Sensibility?
Jane Austen also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Sensibility
He's a great player. Did you know he was born in Rio de Janeiro?
Yes Anna Kournikova is also a singer and actress.
Do you like dance-pop movies?
The Aviator is starring Tom Hanks. Are you familiar with his work?
The Aviator also stars Leonardo DiCaprio. It is a great movie.
Yes, he also starred in The Aviator. Anything else I can help you with?
I'm sure you will enjoy it!
Sure! Spike Lee directed Taken, Taken, and Taken. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, Jennifer Esposito is starring in it as well, along with Jennifer Esposito.
You're very welcome!
Elizabeth Kostova wrote The Secret Life of Bees which is speculative fiction
The Swan Thieves is speculative fiction
The Historian is a drama
Sure, sending it now
Yes, Justin Rose is a golfer born in London.
i don't know much about golf but I do know Justin Rose is an athlete/golfer.
yes Venus Williams is a tennis player. do you like tennis?
Baseball is my favorite sport. Baseball is my favorite sport.
i have never been to a boxing venue.
i like Aaron Rodgers. do you like football?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by John Fox
I don't have that information but I do know they are in the National Football League.
I like the Patriots. Who is your favorite Patriots player?
She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign and Un di Velt Hot Geshvign.
Un di Velt Hot Geshvign was written by Marion Wiesel. It is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Did you know that Marion Wiesel was influenced by William Shakespeare?
Sure! Ethan Suplee is a writer who wrote Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth. Have you read those?
Do you like Vulgar because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Yes, William Lee Scott was in the Butterfly Effect.
You're welcome.
Sure! Coldplay is a band based in Nashville, Tennessee. Do you like them?
Yes, Gwyneth Paltrow is with Gwyneth Paltrow.
Coldplay is a touring film. Do you like touring?
You're welcome.
I don't follow the Patriots. Are you a Patriots fan?
Yes, it is. Do you like any other sports?
I'm not sure if they're playing the Redskins, but they are doing well this season!
I don't have any information on Walter Payton, but I know Walter Payton won the National Football League of the Year award.
Yes, Terry George directed The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure if he's directed any other films, but he was also a director. He's been in a lot of movies.
It's a drama.
You're welcome!
Sure! Beatrix Potter wrote The Chronicles of Narnia. Have you heard of that one?
I don't have that information but I do know that The Tales of Peter Rabbit was released in 1876.
Yes, Beatrix potter has a profession, as well as a few professions.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a speculative fiction written by Stephen King. Do you like speculative fiction?
He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen it?
Turbo is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It's a romantic comedy.
It is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedy?
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland is written by Frank Beddor
Lewis Carroll wrote Alice in Wonderland. Anything else I can help you with?
Great. Anything else I can help you with today?
No problem. Anything else I can help you with?
Do you like the Incredibles because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Yes, Family friendly is a great family friendly movie with a little bit of drama.
I don't have that information but I can tell you that John Ratzenberger also starred in the movie Ratatouille.
Yes, he is a basketball player. Are you a fan of his?
I don't know much about it, but I do know it is a popular sport in the U.S.
I'm not a big fan of NFL but I'm a big fan of American Football.
I like football. What about you?
I don't have any information on the baseball team. I'm not sure if they are in the National Football League.
Yes, it is a great movie. Do you like it because it is a thriller?
I do! She's a great singer, singer, singer, and singer.
Yes, she is a great singer. Do you like any of her songs?
I'm not sure if she's a fan of her music but she has a good voice.
I like Heavy Metal and Rock.
Sure! Hot Fuzz is a sci-fi movie, directed by David Fincher. It is a sci-fi film.
Do you like Shooter because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
If you like thrillers, you might also like Shark Night, which is a thriller.
The Rum Diary is starring Tom Hanks, who also starred in The Rum Diary
You're welcome!
Jordan Spieth is a golfer born in Dallas. Do you like golf?
I don't know much about him but I do know that Jordan Spieth is from Dallas.
No, I haven't. Is there anything else I can help with?
Serenity is starring Scarlett Johansson and Jennifer Jason Leigh
You're welcome!
You're welcome.
Yes, Cloverfield is a Sci-Fi film. It's a great movie!
You're welcome!
Yes, he is an actor who starred in a lot of movies. Would you like to know more about him?
I don't know who starred in that movie, but I do know Quinton Aaron starred in the movie.
I do! I like Maroon 5 because they are a great team.
Do you like any other songs by Maroon 5?
Do you like any other songs by them?
I am not a fan of his but I do enjoy his music. Do you like his music?
I'm not sure if Diana Ross has starred in it but I do know she is a singer-songwriter.
I'm not sure if it's too much of a drama.
Sergio Agüero plays on the Argentina national football team.
I don't know much about Manchester but I do know he plays for the Argentina national football team.
I don't know a lot about him but I do know he is from Manchester and he plays for the Argentina national football team
Do you like Shrek because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Yes, do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Day After Tomorrow is starring Scarlett Johansson. Are you familiar with his work?
You're welcome.
Sure, Lea Thompson starred in a lot of movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
The Wild Life is starring Tom Hardy, who also starred in The Little Rascals. Have you seen it?
The Wild Life is a drama/mystery. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Becca Fitzpatrick is a writer, author, author, author, author and author.
Becca Fitzpatrick also wrote Silence. Have you read it?
Hush Hush has genre Young adult fiction
You're welcome
The simpsons movie was directed by Steve Jobs. Did you know that?
He has also directed The Expendables 2 which is a comedy
It's a very funny movie. It's a very funny movie. It's a comedy.
You're welcome!
Yes, Gore Verbinski directed The Gore Verbinski Movie. Have you seen it?
Sure. Rango is a sci-fi film. Do you like sci-fi?
Rango is an action film. Do you like action films?
You're welcome!
21 Jump street is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Ride along has a great cast. It is a comedy, comedy, comedy, and comedy.
Glad I could help.
I don't have any new blockbuster movies but I can tell you that Ride Along is a comedy movie.
Yes, Nancy Bond wrote A Little Princess. Have you read it?
The Tale of the Body Thief is a great book written by Nancy Bond.
I agree. The Vampire Chronicles is a great book in the series.
The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins. She also wrote The Hunger Games.
The Passage was released in 2004.
Glad I could help!
She wrote Mansfield Park. Have you heard of that one?
Mansfield Park is a speculative fiction book.
I haven't read any romance books but I do know Claire Lamont is a writer.
Yes, murder mystery is a good one.
I haven't seen it, but I haven't seen it yet.
Yes, Victor Hugo is a writer, actor, actor, and actor. He has starred in a lot of movies. Do you like his movies?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
Glad I could help. Enjoy!
Sure Isabelle Nanty starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie
Amelie is a sci-fi movie. Do you like those kinds of movies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I do! He's a great singer. He's been in a lot of songs. Did you know he was a musician?
Yes, he is from Leesburg. Have you been there?
I don't have that information but I do know he is a singer/songwriter.
Marlon Brando is a great actor. He starred in The Incredible Hulk and The Incredible Hulk. Have you seen either of those?
He's been in a lot of movies. I'm not sure if it's a specific genre, but if you like to see Viva Zapata, he was also in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
I'm not sure about that but Viva Zapata is a romance.
I don't know much about him but I do know he is a basketball player.
I am not a basketball fan but I am a basketball fan. Do you like basketball?
Yes, he won NBA All-Rookie Team
Yes, he won NBA All-Rookie Team
Mervryn Peake is a writer, author, and author. He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
Yes, The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was original tale.
Vladimir Nabokov also wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
Sure, Luigi Pistilli has starred in a number of movies, including The Last Samurai and The Last Samurai. Have you seen any of those?
I don't know who else starred in it, but I do know it was written by Philip Pullman
Yes she was
You're welcome
Yes, I can tell you that it is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
I don't have any information on that, but I can tell you she was in a film called Calling to the Sky.
He is a great actor. He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
OK. Sending it now. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes Gabourey Sidibe has a weight loss. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The Dark Knight was directed by Christopher Nolan who also directed The Dark Knight Rises.
Have you seen X-Men Origins: Wolverine?
There are many adventure movies, but if you like adventure movies, you would like The Dark Knight Rises or The Dark Knight Rises. Have you seen those?
Starsky & Hutch is a blockbuster. Do you like blockbusters?
I hope you enjoy Snow White.
L.M Montgomery wrote The Road to Little Dribbling. Have you heard of that one?
The Blue Castle came out in 2011.
That's the only one I can find by L.M. Montgomery
Sure! Christopher Meloni starred in a lot of movies. He was in a lot of action films. Have you seen any of those?
If you like romance films, you might also like The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen that?
I'm not sure who else stars in it but I do know it was directed by Christopher Meloni
You're welcome!
The Shawshank Redemption is written by Stephen King. Do you like his work?
Yes, he did. Peter Jackson is a great actor. He was also a director.
King Kong is a horror movie. Do you like horror movies?
You're welcome!
I know a little bit about him. I know he's a singer, singer, and song writer.
I do like his music. He is a musician, musician, and musician.
I like his song When Love Takes Over. What is your favorite song?
I like Micheal Jackson. I like his song When Love Takes Over.
Did you like The Interview because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
It is a psychological thriller
Hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Do you like Knocked Up because it is a comedy or because it is a comedy?
It was released in 2004.
I don't have any information on that, but Eminem and Ray Romano starred Eminem and Ray Romano.
You're welcome!
I don't know about Paul Pogba. I know he is a football player. Do you like football?
Yes they were the runner up in the 1976 FA Cup Final.
I prefer American Football. What about you?
I don't know if he is a person like Ryan Griggs. I don't know much about him.
I do, he's a very good athlete. He's been in a few movies.
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Yes, Spike Lee directed it as well as directed it.
Sure! Sue Monk Kidd is a writer, author, and author. Do you like her work?
I'm not sure, but Carl Jung was also a writer and author.
Yes, Wilhelm Reich is from the US.
Sure! Barbara Kingsolver starred in a number of movies, including X-Men: Days of Future Past, and X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen those?
The Poisonwood Bible is a speculative fiction.
Zoe's Tale is a novel written by Barbara Kingsolver. It is considered a drama.
You're welcome.
I love her song I Love You. What about you?
Yes, he did. Tom Hanks and Julia Roberts also starred in Larry Crowne.
Yes, Ashton Kutcher and Tommy Chong also starred in That 70s Show.
Dead to the World is written by Charlaine Harris. Do you like Charlaine Harris books?
Dead to the World is a mystery. Do you like mystery books?
Trunk Music is a novel written by Chris Pratt and released in 2004.
You're welcome!
Sure! Quantum of Solace is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tombstone movies?
Skyfall is a drama movie
It is a Thriller, have you seen it or seen it?
Great, enjoy!
I don't know much about them except that they are in the National Football League.
I'm not sure, but I do know Mike Zimmer was a coach for the New England Patriots.
I'm not sure, but I do know Mike Zimmer was a runner up in Super Bowl XLVII.
Yes, I do. Did you know that The Usual Suspects was written by Steven Spielberg?
I do like thrillers. Do you like thrillers?
I have not seen Unfinished Business but I can tell you it is a thriller.
I do like hip hop music. Do you like hip hop?
I like rock and roll. I like rock and roll.
Yes, Zipper was released in 2015.
Yes, it is a young-adult fiction book written by John Green. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes, The King of Attolia is also a Young adult fiction book.
You are welcome.
It was written by Neil Gaiman and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Olivia Wilde starred in Year One along with Olivia Wilde.
Working Girl is a great sci-fi movie.
You're welcome!
Yes, Frank McCourt is a writer, author, and author. He wrote a lot of books. Would you like to know more about him?
The Los Angeles Dodgers is a sports team.
I don't know a lot about that, but I think Angela's Angela's Angela's Angela's Ashes was shot there.
You're welcome!
Are you looking for movies written by Stephen King or movies starring Stephen Fry?
Channing Tatum also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
21 Jump Street was released in 2012.
Glad I could help
Yes, The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a great book written by Oz. Have you read it?
She has a great voice. She has a great voice. She has a great voice.
Yes, Sam & Cat is a great show. She is a great actress.
Yes, she is. She is a great actress and actress.
Yes, she recently passed. She is a great actress.
I hope you enjoy it!
The Hobbit: There and Back Again was released in 2012.
The next book in the series is The Hobbit: There and Back Again was released in 1937.
Sure! The Rock is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Shark Night is starring Nicolas Cage and is a thriller. Do you like thriller movies?
That's right. I'm not sure if David Moore was in that one, but he is a great actor. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, he is a soccer player. He is a point guard. Do you like soccer?
I am not a fan of the National Football League but I do know they are part of the National Football League.
He plays midfielder and forward.
The Matrix is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
Sure. You might like The Looking Glass Wars. It is a fantasy movie.
You're welcome.
Harold Ramis starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen it?
Groundhog Day is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like his movies?
Yes, Groundhog Day is a romantic comedy film.
Sure! Chiakiyama starred in a lot of films. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
The Sky Crawlers was released in 2004.
The Sky Crawlers also starred Keanu Reeves and Josh Brolin.
The Great Yokai War also starred Emily Blunt and Emily Blunt.
Sure, I will play it for you.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a children's literature written by Oz. Do you like children's literature?
The Looking Glass Wars is a fantasy film. Would you like to know more about that?
You're welcome!
I haven't heard any of her songs, but I do know she is a singer-songwriter.
No, I haven't heard it, but I do enjoy electronic dance music. Do you like dance music?
Yes, she's from Nashville, California. She's also from the United States.
Truman Capote's In Cold Blood is written by Truman Capote's In Cold Blood.
Breakfast at Tiffany's is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like his work?
Breakfast at Tiffany's is starring Audrey Hepburn
Yes, he is a writer, director, and director. Are you interested in any of his work?
Yes, he is a writer, director, and director. He starred in a lot of movies.
It is a drama film.
You're welcome!
I hope you enjoy it!
Guy Kawasaki also starred in a movie called X-Men: Days of Future Past.
I'm sorry I don't have any information on that. Is there anything else I can help with?
He wrote The Secret Agent: A Simple Tale. Have you read it?
I don't have any information on that, but I can tell you it was released in 2011
It was released in 2011
You're welcome
I don't know much about him but I do know he is a point guard for the Minnesota Timberwolves.
I'm not sure about any other points guards, but I do know he's a basketball player.
I'm not sure about that, but I do know Larry Bird is a basketball player.
I don't know much about them except that they are in the National Football League. Do you like them?
I don't know much about baseball, but Terry Collins is a great player.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
I think he is a good soccer player. Do you like soccer?
I'm not sure about Javier Hernandez, but I do know he's from Mexico.
I don't know a lot about him, but I'm a big fan of his.
Sure. Stephen Sommers directed The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Mummy Returns is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure, you might like The Looking Glass Wars. It's considered a fantasy.
I'm not sure, but The Hills Have Eyes is also a fantasy movie.
Glad I could help!
Do you like Trainspotting because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
If you like Indie Films, you might also like Zoolander. Have you seen that one?
If you like thrillers, you might also like The Indy category, which is also starring Shirley Henderson.
Yes, it is a great movie. Do you like it because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
If you like action movies, you might also like The Last Samurai, which is a thriller.
Pound of Flesh is starring Tom Cruise and Robert De Niro. Do you like those actors?
You're welcome!
Sure, P.C. Cast wrote The Shadowhunter's Code, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Tempted is a young adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes, Wicked Lovely is a series. It is also a series.
Yes, Wicked Lovely is a series by P.C. Cast. You might like it.
You're welcome!
Sure! For Whom the Bell Tolls is written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King books?
Islands in the Stream is a speculative fiction.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that one.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about them but I do know they were runner up in Super Bowl XLVII
I don't think they will play in Super Bowl XLVII.
I'm not sure if his wife's wife is married to Brady.
The Town is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Peter Craig starred in The Town
Yes. Eli Craig directed The Town.
Hope you enjoy
Do you like the movie WALLE because it is a thriller?
X-Men: Days of Future Past is a great sci fi movie.
Universal Soldier: The Return is starring Scarlett Johansson, and Victor Frankenstein.
I am not sure what else he directed, but I do know he is also a director.
Katy Perry is a great singer, songwriter, and musician. Do you like her music?
No, I didn't know she was in that movie. Did you know she was a musician?
Yes, I like Russel Brand because he is a great actor.
Yes, it's a great movie. Did you know it was written by Steven Spielberg?
Yes, he was in that movie. Did you know he also starred in a lot of movies?
I'm sure you'll enjoy that one.
Yes, The Devil Wears Prada was written by Rebecca Wells and was released in 2012.
Yes, Merryl Streep also starred in a comedy film called The Devil Wears Prada, have you seen it?
I haven't seen it, but I do enjoy it.
You're welcome!
Peter Dinklage starred in a lot of movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
X-Men: Days of Future Past is a science fiction film.
X-Men: First Class, X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: Apocalypse.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that The Wolverine is the main lead in the series.
You're welcome.
Thomas E Connolly wrote The Connolly is a writer and author. Do you like his work?
Yes, the Scarlet Letter was co-written by William E. Connolly.
You're welcome.
Yes, I do. It was written by Sean Penn and is a Thriller.
Yes, he was a writer. He was also a writer as well.
You're welcome!
Yes, I like Charlie and the Chocolate Factory because it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, I would recommend The Looking Glass Wars, it is a great children's fantasy film.
You're welcome!
Robin Hobb wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. Have you read that?
Then you might like The Looking Glass Wars or The Golden Compass.
Ship of Magic is written by Christopher Paolini. He also wrote The Looking Glass Wars and The Looking Glass Wars.
You're welcome!
Yes, Oscar Wilde wrote The Book Thief. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is. Dorian Gray is considered a historical fiction novel.
Wideacre was released in 1960.
I hope you enjoy it!
Throne of Glass is written by Sarah J Maas and was released in 2012.
Yes, it is a movie. Have you seen it?
The Assassin's Blade is a similar one.
No problem, enjoy!
Sure! Jennifer Ehle starred in The Hangover Part II and The Hangover Part II. Have you seen those?
Yes, it was written by Mark Boal. Mark Boal also wrote X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Yes she is, she also starred in The Expendables 2 which is a thriller.
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Colombia national football team.
I don't know much about him but I do know he plays for the Colombia national football team.
Shakira is from Columbia. Do you like any other sports?
Do you like the movie Charlie and the Chocolate Factory because it is a thriller?
The Looking Glass Wars is a fantasy movie. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like them?
I'm a fan of the Denver Broncos. Who is your favorite player?
They are in the National Football League and are owned by Wayne Weaver.
I am not a fan of soccer, but I do enjoy watching a few of his games.
I like American Football. I like American Football. What about you?
I'm not sure about that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you like this book because it is speculative fiction or because it is a book?
Stephen R. Covery also wrote The Secret Life of Bees and The Secret Life of Bees
I don't have any information on that
Great, hope you enjoy it
Pacific Rim is a great adventure film. Do you like adventure films?
I like Charlie and the Choocolate Factory because it is a family movie
I haven't seen that one but I do like it. It is a great movie.
I am not sure if he is in any other Pirates of the Caribbean movies, but he is a great actor.
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest is written by George R.R. Martin.
Milo Forman also directed Man on the Moon. Have you seen it?
Do you like Prefentaine because it is a Historical period drama?
Yes, Without Limits is a good one as well.
You're very welcome!
Yes, Oliver is a writer, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, author, and author.
Vanishing Girls is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Glad I could help!
I love Paul McCartney! He wrote Yellow Submarine. Yellow Submarine is one of his works.
The Tambourine is a book written by Paul McCartney.
Yes, he is a member of the Velvet Underground.
Kyrie Irving is a basketball player who plays point guard. Do you like basketball?
Yes, he won NBA All-Rookie of the Year Award and NBA Most Valuable Player.
I'm not sure, but I do know he is from the United States.
The Island is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Well, if you like sci fi, I would recommend The Island, it's a good one.
It's a great movie. It stars Robert De Niro, Robert De Niro, and Robert De Niro.
Glad I could help!
Christian Bale is a great actor. Did you know he starred in a lot of movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
American Physco is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Prestige is a thriller and was directed by Christopher Nolan
You're welcome!
Yes, The Red Pyramid was turned into a movie. Are you interested in that genre?
The Looking Glass Wars is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
You are welcome
Sergio Aguero is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for the Argentina national football team.
American Football is a national football team based in Argentina.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like them?
Yes, he is a writer and author. He wrote The Sworn Sword. Have you heard of it?
Yes, it is.
Yes Waiting for the Barbarians was also released in 1980.
Haaaa. Haaaaa is a great author.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Jim Caldwell
I like basketball. What sports do you like?
I don't know much about them except that they are in the National Basketball Conference.
Yes, he wrote The Virgin Suicides. Have you read that one?
It is a musical theater. Do you like musicals?
Do you like musical theaters?
You're welcome!
Do you like children's literature?
I'm not sure about any other books written by Pooh, but I can tell you that it is a children's book.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a soccer player. Do you like soccer?
I don't know much about him, but I know he is from Liverpool.
Yes that is in Goodson Park
Real Madrid C.F is a soccer team coached by Fernando Hierro.
Real Madrid C.F. is coached by Fernando Hierro. Are you a fan?
I'm not a big fan of football. I'm not a big fan of soccer.
Do you like books written by Divergent because it is speculative fiction?
If you like young adult fiction, you might like The Looking Glass Wars, or The Looking Glass Wars.
Glad I could help!
Pulp Fiction is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, John Travolta also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
Sure, will do.
Yes, he is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for the Brazil national football team.
Marina is speculative fiction.
Xenocide is a good one.
I'm not sure about that.
I'm sorry, I don't have the English version.
You're welcome.
I am not a baseball fan but I am a baseball fan. Who is your favorite baseball player?
I'm not sure about that, but I do know they are in the National Football League.
Yes, the Mets coach is Jim Caldwell.
I don't know much about them but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver.
I don't know much about him but I do know he is a quarterback for the Tennessee Titans.
I don't know much about him but I know he is a good player.
Tuesdays with Morrie is a novel written by Sylvia Plath. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, she is a great author. She wrote The Pillars of the Earth. Have you read it?
Sure, Cops is a novel written by Veronica Roth. She has written many books.
Yes, that is a great movie. It was written by John Green.
Yes, Dennis Lahane is also a writer.
Sure! Do you like Tess of the d'Urbervilles?
Thomas Hardy also wrote A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented. Have you read that one?
It was released in 1891.
The Return of the Native was released in 1891.
Sure! Jamel Debbouze starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
I am not sure who else starred in that movie, but I can tell you it is a drama film.
You're welcome!
Sure Isabelle Nanty starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie. Have you seen those?
I'm not sure who else starred in it but Isabelle Nanty also starred in Zookeeper. Have you seen it?
Yes, it's a French film.
Sure, enjoy!
I don't know much about Rory Mcllroy, but I do know he won the 2012 PGA Championship.
No, I haven't. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, Van Morrison is from Northern Ireland, Northern Ireland.
Sure! Do you like sci-fi movies?
It is a sci-fi movie. Do you like those kinds of movies?
I'm sorry, I don't have any other information on that. Is there anything else I can help with?
Okay, enjoy!
District 9 is a sci-fi thriller. Do you like sci-fi?
If you like thrillers, you might like Shark Night. It is a thriller.
Then you might also like Shark Night, which is a thriller.
You're welcome!
Yes, she is a great singer. Did you know she is a singer/songwriter?
Yes, Jar of Hearts won the BNC Award for Best Song and Song of Hearts.
I'm more of a rock fan. I'm more of a rock fan.
I'm not sure about 69 Eyes. I'm not sure about 69 Eyes.
Yes, it was written by Diana Gabaldon and is speculative fiction.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
Yes, he also wrote A Christmas Carol, which is a romance novel.
You're welcome!
Sure! Todd Phillips wrote The Hangover Part II and The Hangover Part II. Have you heard of those?
The Hangover Part II is written by Todd Phillips
I think you will enjoy Old School.
Kyrie Ivring is a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
Yes, it is a great book written by Philip Pullman. Do you like books by him?
Have you read The Nightingale? Hans Christian Andersen wrote The Nightingale. Hans Christian Andersen also wrote The Nightingale.
Yes she did and Winter Garden was also written by Shel Silverstein.
You're welcome!
Benjamin Martinez wrote II Principe
I don't have any information on that
Would you like any other books written by him?
You're welcome.
Sure! Up is a young-adult fiction book written by Pete Docter. Do you like young-adult fiction?
She has written a lot of books. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Brave has genre Thriller
Family Movies is a good family movie
You're welcome
The Houston Rockets is a basketball team based in Houston, Texas.
I am not sure who was the runner up
He was drafted by the New York Knicks
Renaldo Balkman is a good player
The Gunslinger is written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King books?
Mr. Mercedes was released in 1847.
Glad I could help!
Do you like Fight Club because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Zodiac is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Zodiac is produced by Steven Spielberg
I don't know much about them but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I'm not a big fan of the Texans but I do like the Texans.
I'm not sure if Randy Lerner owns the Texans but he is a former owner of the National Football League.
They are in the National Football League and are in the National Football League.
Jay Rubin starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
I don't have any information on that
This book is a Thriller, based on a novel in the 18th century
I don't have anything else
You're welcome
Tuesdays with Morrie is written by Sylvia Plath and is a speculative fiction
Tuesdays with Morrie is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Sure. Saulius Dagys also wrote A Confederacy of Dunces. Have you read that one?
Great, enjoy!
Do you like Transformers because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Do you like sci-fi movies?
Captain America: The Winter Soldier is starring Scarlett Johansson
Insurgent is a Sci-Fi movie, directed by Steven Spielberg.
You're welcome!
Yes, I like the book Where the Heart Is. It was written by Rick Riordan.
There is a movie called Where the Heart Is
I don't have any other books written by Billie Letts
You're welcome.
Yes, he starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Topher Grace is a great movie! I think you will enjoy it!
Too Big to Fail is starring Sex in the City with Scarlett Johansson.
Yes, he was in Too Big to Fail as well!
William Hurt also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen it?
Do you like F. Murray Abraham because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Scarface is a crime movie. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Sure! Do you like science fiction movies?
Do you like sci-fi movies?
Yes, Unbreakable is a science fiction movie.
You're welcome
I do! He's a great actor. He's been in a lot of movies. Is there a specific movie you are looking for?
I'm a big fan of soccer, but I'm more of a soccer fan.
I'm not a big fan of the Giants but I'm a fan of the Dallas Cowboys.
I don't know much about them but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver.
I am not a fan of the Seahawks, but I do know they won the Super Bowl XLVII
I like the Patriots. Who is your favorite player?
Yes, Outlander is written by Steven Spielberg and is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Do you like Sci-Fi books? Diana Gabaldon is a great author.
Certainly! Other Sci-Fi books include X-Men: Days of Future Past and X-Men: Apocalypse.
You're very welcome!
To Kill a Mockingbird is written by Harper Lee. Do you like books written by Harper Lee?
The book was written by Harper Lee and is a historical fiction.
Then you might like To Kill a Mockingbird
Glad I could help
I don't know much about them but I do know they are coached by Louis van Gaal.
I don't know much about that, but I do know they are coached by Louis van Gaal.
I don't know much about Terry Venables but I do know he is from Munich.
Sure. One for the Money is a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Princess Diaries is written by Anne Hathaway
Yes, it was also written by Stephenie Meyer
Yes, New Moon is a series
You are welcome.
Sure! Inside Out is a Thriller and was written by Steven Spielberg. Do you like his work?
She also starred in The Wedding Date. Have you seen that one?
This is the End is a drama. Do you like drama?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Great. Have a great day!
Jeff Garlin starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, she has a television show called The Time Traveler's Wife
She has starred in a few movies, including The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen those?
Do you like his movies because it is a sci-fi movie?
Well, if you like action movies, I would recommend The Last Stand, which is a good one.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that one. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm not sure if he directed that one, but if you like Robin Hood, you should check out The Time Machine.
Do you like Mr & Mrs. Smith because it is a thriller?
If you like Brad Pitt, you might also like The Incredible Hulk or The Incredible Hulk.
Donnie Darko is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes he did. Donnie Darko is a science fiction film.
Yes, it is a Thriller.
Then you might like The Looking Glass Wars. It is also a fantasy.
Glad I could help!
Throne of Glass is written by Rick Riordan. It is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Tower of Dawn is a Thriller
The Assassin's Blade is a good one
Sure! Do you like thrillers?
Gothika is a mystery movie starring Robert Downey Jr. and is a thriller.
You're welcome!
Beatrice Sparks wrote Go Ask Alice.
Yes, it is a drama. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome.
The Proposal is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Do you like Sandra Bullock because it is a thriller?
It's a drama. Do you like dramas?
Glad I could help!
Yes, I love the book written by Stephen King. Are you familiar with his work?
He's written a few great books, but if you like young adult fiction, you might want to try Wildwood Dancing. Have you heard of that one?
It's a young adult fiction book. Do you like young adult fiction?
You're welcome!
Do you like Outlander because it is speculative fiction?
Brave New World was released in 2010.
It is speculative fiction.
Eleanor & Park is written by Rainbow Rowell
Yes it was. Stephanie Parkins is a great author.
Lola is a romance novel
You are welcome.
Yes, Rich Moore is an actor, he starred in The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen it?
Yes, he is. He is a great actor. Did you know he is also a producer?
Have you seen X-Men Origins: Wolverine? It's a family movie.
I don't know much about her but I do know she is a tennis player.
I like Sarena and Venus Williams. Venus is a great tennis player as well. Do you like tennis?
Hair Show is a comedy. It's a comedy.
Sure! Zach Snyder starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
I do not have that information but I can tell you it is a thriller and a suspense movie.
Yes, it is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
If you like thrillers, you might want to check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt. It is also a thriller.
Libba Bray wrote The Secret Agent: A Simple Tale. Have you read it?
If you enjoy reading fantasy, you'll like The Looking Glass Wars. Have you read that one?
Yes, it's a series. The Sweet Far Thing series is based on a series.
If you like fantasy books, you might also try The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
You're welcome!
Rebecca is a young-adult fiction book written by Rebecca.
It's a romance novel.
I do. It is a Historical period drama that was based on a novel.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf
Case Keenum is a point guard for the Denver Broncos. Do you like point guards?
I'm not sure who their coach is John Fox. Do you like any other sports?
I enjoy basketball. What about you?
He's also a point guard for the Denver Broncos.
Yes, Andrés Iniesta is a soccer player. Do you like soccer?
Andrés Iniesta is also a player on the team.
Yes, and Vicente del Bosque is home stadium.
Do you like Wrinkle in Time because it is a science fiction book?
It is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
If you like science fiction, you might also like A Wind in the Door or A Wind in the Door. Have you read those?
Yes it was written by Robert O'Brien.
I do! I love his song You Love Me. Have you heard it?
I like some of his songs, but I'm not sure what is your favorite song of his.
No I haven't. What is your favorite song of his?
Sure, Jules Feiffer wrote The Wild Life, The Wild Life, and The Wild Life. Have you read any of those?
The Phantom Tollbooth is a science fiction novel. Do you like science fiction?
You're welcome!
Have a great day!
He is a quarterback. He is a quarterback.
The Wildcats are a professional American football team based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Yes, Woody Harrelson is a great actor.
Yes, Jean-Pierre Jeunet wrote Jean-Pierre Jeunet.
Micmacs is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Zulu is starring Robert Downey Jr. and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome.
It is written by Jay Asher and is a young adult fiction book.
I don't have any information on those books, but I can tell you that Jay Asher also wrote Thirteen Reasons Why. Have you read those?
I like to read What My Mother Doesn't Know. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What My Mother Doesn't Know was released in 2007.
It is a young-adult fiction written by Emily Bront. Are you familiar with her work?
Jane Austen is a great author, she also wrote 'Tiss of Secrets' and 'Tiss of Secrets'. Have you read those?
Lady Susan was published in 1867 and is a Romance novel.
Glad I could help!
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in a lot of movies. Have you seen any of them?
Sure! You might like The Looking Glass Wars, which is a mystery movie.
The Red Violin is starring Scarlett Johansson and is a mystery movie.
Sure. I hope you enjoy it!
