Sure, it was written by Michael Crichton. Do you like action films?
Well, it was wonderful, and there was a sequel to it as well, which is also considered a comedy.
The Hitman's Bodyguard is a psychological thriller, so is that what you're looking for?
Yes, The Hitman's Bodyguard is considered folklore and historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
Great, enjoy!
He wrote The Light Between Oceans which was released 2012.
I know that she wrote The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian. Do you want a list of what she's written?
I'm not sure about that but the Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian was released in 1999
You're welcome
I know that Cameron Diaz and Ben Stiller starred in that movie. Would you like to hear more about the movie?
She's been in a number of films. Would you like to hear more of her movies?
No. I don't have that information either.
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her books?
no, but i see she wrote What Happened to Goodbye
No, she did not. That is a book.
no problem. I am happy to help.
Well since your asking of Don Cheadle, might I suggest The Guard?
Actually, it is considered a Romantic Comedy and Action film. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Well, it stars Don Cheadle and Liam Cunningham. Do you like comedies?
Sure, enjoy the movie!
He plays cricket and was recently named Cricketer of the Year.
He is currently playing for the Mumbai Indians, are you a fan?
I don't know any players on the team, but I do know a few players.
Yes! Mike Newell directed Pushing Tin and Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time.
Pushing Tin is written by Mike Newell.
Absolutely, Enjoy and have a great day.
Perfect, have a good day!
I think he is the best small forward of all time, he is an underrated athlete.
No, I don't know him. Is he a basketball player?
Oh nice. I like to watch Basketball. My favorite team is the Lakers.
Oh wow he is so bad, and he has a lot of rivals, but not one of my favorites.
I like a lot of Europeans. My favorite team is the Lakers.
Hot Fuzz is an action film starring John Malkovich.
Yes, you are correct! He was also in The Sci-Fi Dead. Have you seen that movie?
Sure, it was released in 2004.
No problem!
He starred in Count Dracula that also starred Louis Jourdan.
Why Did I Get Married would be a good one. Have you seen it?
You're welcome. Would you like more information about this film?
Yes, I love this movie. It stars Spike Jonze and Sean Penn. Do you like them?
Yes, I like them. The Pledge has genre Thriller.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Will do. Enjoy!
No problem. Enjoy!
I like him, he directed many movies such as Where to Kill and Star Trek. Have you seen those?
It was written by Rhonda Byrne. Definitely a good movie.
I am not sure who stars in this movie, but I do know Jamie Linden was in We Are Marshall.
Here are two good ones that I recommend are A Walk in the Woods and It's a Wonderful Life.
No, it is a Horror film, similar to Where the Stranger Calls.
You're welcome.
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
William Directed The Hunted, The French Collection, and The Exorcist just to name a few.
The Hunted is a fantasy thriller, do you also like that genre?
The Devil and Father Amorth is a horror film released in 1997, directed by Roland Emmerich.
The Great Gatsby is a novel and The Chosen and The Affair are similar to it.
You might enjoy the Voyager and The Secret Life of Bees.
George R. R. Martin wrote The Surgeon. Are you familiar with his work?
Do you like the book because it's a romance?
Yes, she wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass.
Sure! I hope you enjoy the book!
Enjoy!
I see. Unforgiven starred David Schwimmer and Clint Eastwood. It's a great film.
Morgan Freeman starred in The Civil War and Levity, which is a sci-fi movie.
Those are good ones. I haven't seen anything recently, but I've heard it's a great movie.
Josh Hutcherson wrote The Kids Are All Right, and the entire Hunger Game series. Have you read any of these?
Yes, he was in The Hunger Games: Catching Fire and Mockingjay.
Is there anything else I can help with?
Well, she starred in Who's That Girl and Swept Away. She's a very talented singer.
I'm not much into rock. I believe she's married to Sean Connery who was one of the writers for the film.
Yes, he did. He directed Snatch, Stock, and Two Smoking Barrels, Swept Away, and Snatch.
Not sure but I see a listing for an athlete in India for Cricket.
Yes, he was currently playing for Chennai Super Kings. I believe he is from India.
No problem. I am happy to help.
Amy Poehler wrote, Yes Please have you read this book?
sorry i do not have that information. anything else i can do for you?
Mervyn LeRoy what else can i do for you today?
Tina Fey has written The Wedding Date. what else can i do for you today?
Yes, Arsenal is a sports team. It is a European Football team based in England.
I am not, I just know about the Dodgers. What's your favorite team?
The Washington Redskins is my favorite team!
Jonathan Levine directed The Wackness, starring Mary Kate Olsen. It was a romantic comedy
Jane Adams also starred in the Wackness, which is a comedy. It is also a great movie.
Yes, it was released in 2014.
No problem
He directed Taken 2 and Taken 2. Have you seen those?
Colombiana stars Emmanuelle Seigner. He also starred in Taken 2
Yes, Taken 2 stars Liam Neeson and Robert De Niro.
Enjoy!
I don't really follow football much so I'm not really a Packers fan.
I think it's overrated so it's not really overrated.
Thanks for letting me know!
Of course! If you liked Iron Man, you might also like The Incredible Hulk or The Avengers: Age of Ultron.
I do, he starred in the show O.C
If you liked that one, you should check out The Road to El Dorado. He was also in that as well.
George Clooney is probably the most well known for his role in The O.C.. If you like his work, you should check it out.
You're welcome.
By Dean Koontz?
It was written by Jeffrey Eugenides. Do you like his work?
The Lady in the Lake series is a good one.
Have you read The Man in the Iron Mask or Rob Roy?
Have you read The Man in the Iron Mask or Rob Roy?
You're welcome
Nikki Minaj is a friend with a Tyga and Baby and she has a very good hits
Do you like pop music?
Have you heard of Red Dragon? I heard this was a good one.
Of course! Something Borrowed has genres romance and drama. Is that what you are looking for?
Yes it was. 2012 was the year that released The Last Lecture.
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a thriller you might like.
Can I help you with anything else?
Judd Apatow wrote the comedy film This is 40 as well as the romance movie Knocked Up. Do you like those kind of work?
Groundhog Day was written by Wes Craven, and produced by Jodi Picoult.
He did. He was also in Groundhog Day. Have you seen that one?
He has directed several movies. Would you like to hear more of that one?
Sure, Groundhog Day is a comedy-drama and stars Bill Murray and Kristen Stewart. It's a great comedy.
I'm not sure if he wrote anything else. Is there anything else I can help with?
Sure, enjoy!
Isn't he a composer and songwriter? The name is familiar but I can't place him specifically.
At the Disco is a 1998 American electronic dance dance film
Yes, i like them too. They are my favorite too.
Yeah, he is, he is such a beautiful singer. I like any of his songs Single Ladies,
I heard There's Something About Mary is a good book, but i never read it. It is written by Bobby Farrelly
I agree. Did you know that Matt Dillion also starred in Zoolander?
It is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society
Both books are in the same genre, historical fiction, and were released in 2008.
You're welcome.
Great! Have a good day!
George Orwell wrote it, and released it in 1945. Have you read it?
You might want to check out Nineteen Eighty-Four. It's a great one.
I do! Did you know Alice Walker wroth The Color Purple and starred in Fierce Light?
I am not sure about it
I would say drama
Your Welcome
I have no idea about Oldboy. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have you seen the latest one with the same actor, George Clooney, or Johnny Depp?
It stars Denzel Washington, Jackie Chan, and James Franco to name a few.
Sorry, I don't have any information on that one.
You're welcome!
Hello, I found The Ice Storm and The Storm. Have you read any of those?
He produced The Ice Storm, The Hunted, and The Ice Storm. He was also the director of many films.
Woody Allen wrote The Sorcerer's Apprentice, which is a Crime Fiction Film, and Sherlock Holmes.
What it is about Zsa Zsa Zsa Zsa Zsa. She also wrote The Incredible Hulk, a serial killer.
It is a Sci-Fi novel.
Jurassic Park is written by Michael Crichton. Its considered a thriller and an action film. Do you like those genres?
Yes there was. Jurassic Park is a thriller, do you like thrillers?
Yes, he did. Colin Terrow directed Jurassic World.
Rickie plays golf for the U.S. right?
I don't know much about Rickie Fowler, do you know if he is involved in a relationship with Tiger Woods?
I love that movie, and Adam Sandler! It was a great movie.
Yes, I have The Lord of the Rings and The Fellowship of the Ring.
You might like The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars.
The Silmarillion would be considered a fantasy. Is that something you'd like?
Wes Craven directed My Soul to Take which starred Jessica Hecht. Have you seen it?
Well, If you like horror, you might like Shark Night. It stars Katharine McPhee.
Yes, I like him, he was also in The House of Mirth.
The Lost World: Jurassic Park is starring Vanessa Lee Chester and Richard Schiff. THere is in the movie, do you like them?
Then you might like Zombieland, X-Men 2 or World War Z.
I think you'll enjoy the original X-Men movie.
Sure! Bob Peck has starred in Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow. Have you seen those?
Surviving Picasso is American. He is a African-American actor who was born in Paris.
Joss Ackler also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Sure, The Little Prince would be considered a historical period drama.
Sure. Have a great day.
Hes great and has a wonderful wife in Gisele
I didn't see that one. I know he is married to Gisele. She was also in The Mask.
That's okay. He was also in The Mask of Zorro.
I definitely recommend Die Hard with a Vengeance, starring Bruce Willis.
A Good Day to Die Hard is another one written by Roderick Thorp and stars William Devane.
Yes, he did. Roderick Thorp also wrote Die Hard with a Vengeance too.
Yes that is a great film to watch!
Alien is written by Ronald Shusett. Have you seen it? It's a great movie.
Gone Baby Gone was an excellent sci-fi movie. It was also turned into a movie.
Bats was released in 1986 and is considered a vampire movie.
You're welcome!
He directed the science fiction film Eraserhead.
You might like Zombieland, X-Men or World War Z. Have you seen those?
She did, and she also starred in I Spy, which is a horror movie.
Enjoy!
I have The Rite starring Alice Braga.
Repo Men is written by John Lennon, he is also a producer.
He is also a screenwriter.
Sure! Brett Helquist wrote The Vile Village, The Slippery Slope, and The Reptile Room. Have you read any of these?
The End is a drama and co-authored by Lauren Oliver. It has a sequel to The Grim Grotto.
It's a personal favorite of his books, how about his personal life, which is also a memoir?
Yes, I do. Do you enjoy him as an actor or singer?
Yes, he has a son named Jordin Sparks and he is also a musician.
I have not seen it but I will check it out. Thanks for the information!
I will send you a link. Enjoy!
Yes, he starred in Windtalkers, Warrior, and Tumbleweeds just to name a few. Have you seen any of those?
I can recommend a drama called The Manchurian Candidate. It is a drama.
It's a good film. It stars Winona Ryder and Willie Garson.
I hope you like it.
He is the player in Barcelona?
Not really, I don't know much about football. Are there any other sports you enjoy?
Yes, that's true. My son is a great athlete.
Harry Potter and the cursed child is written by J.K. Rowling. It was released in 1988.
Jack Thorne starred in Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. It's a Children's literature.
I don't know much about them. Who are their key players?
They're colors for the New England Patriots. Is there anything else I can help you with?
They're in the AFC West, right? I'm not sure who they play at this time.
Sure! Eoin Colfer wrote The Phantom Tollbooth. It is a speculative fiction novel, do you like that genre?
Yes, it was released in 2008.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I do, did you know he is friends with Selena Gomez?
Are you a fan of the genres?
I think you might like Zoe's Tale, which is really popular.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Kyrie Irving is a professional basketball player. He plays as a point guard.
I wouldn't know much about basketball but I'm more of a baseball fan. The Celtics are part of the NBA.
Yesterday was the Finals. That was a good game.
Nolan wrote The Dark Knight, which stars Christopher Nolan?
He is a Russian author. His novel "Crime and Punishment" has been called the most famous novel in the world( as per IMDB)
Yes, рестуление и накаание is written in English.
Yes, the same year as рестуление и накаание.
No problem. I am here for you.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books. The next in the series is The Marvelous Land of Oz.
Of course, I think you'll like The Wonderful Wizard of Oz and The Golden Compass.
I would recommend The Golden Compass and The Magic of Recluce. Both are excellent books.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Marco Reus is a soccer player for Dortmund. He's a midfielder/forward.
He is a professional soccer player from Germany. He plays midfielder and forward.
Yes, he is a famous athlete as well.
The movie starring Robert Duvall?
I would recommend A Corn of Thorns and Roses, which is a fantasy book. Do you like that genre?
Were you looking for something also written by Sarah J. Maas?
The Assassin's Blade was also released that year as well. Have you read that one?
You're welcome.
Are you looking for action or fantasy by James Cameron?
Yes, it is. It's actually considered a Romance and Historical period drama.
Titanic starred Leonardo DiCaprio in the award winning Titanic.
You're welcome
Yes, I love her! Are you a fan of hers?
You might also enjoy Where Rainbows End or Welcome to Temptation.
Yes, it is. It is considered a romance and is similar to The Chronicles of Narnia.
She wrote The Hunger Games and Mockingjay.
I am not familiar with Venus Williams but I know she is great as well.
I like Stefi Graff. I think Martina Navo was very close.
Indeed I believe she is the best female tennis player of all time.
She is a Korean professional Golfer born in Hawaii.
That's interesting. Do you know if she's in a relationship with Michelle Wie?
That's amazing! I hope it helps.
She wrote The Journals of Sylvia Day. Have you heard of it?
Reflected in You is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, she also wrote Seven Years to Sin. Have you read those?
Sure. Margaret Atwood has written many different books. Her most recent work is MaddAddam but she's also worked on a Graphic Novel by the name of Angel Catbird. What were you looking for?
The Handmaid Tale is a novel by Margaret Atwood, published in 1985. It is a romance novel. Does that interest you?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Okay, let me know if you need anything else.
I know he is a singer, songwriter and athlete. Are you a fan of his?
The move Carlos is starring Yaphet Kotto and Emily Blunt. It is considered a thriller.
Sorry, I don't have that information.
Of course! A few that come to mind are "Tempted" and "Redeemed." Both are by the same author. Would you like to know more?
Tahereh Mafi wrote The Girl who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban.
Yes it was, and it was released in 2014 as a novel.
It was released in 2014. It's a novella.
The Looking Glass Wars is a good fantasy novel, you might like that.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Wally Lamb wrote several books such as She's Come Undone and The Hour I First Believed. Do you like Fiction?
It was released in 2012. It is a thriller/romance novel.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure. He directed Finding Neverland, Finding Neverland, and Finding Neverland. Are you looking for any particular genre?
Machine Gun Preacher is considered a Romance and Historical fiction. Do you like those genres?
Jeff Bridges is one of the starring actors in Neverland.
I do not have that information, but Marc Forster directed it.
Sure , Enjoy
You are welcome
I know he wrote A Separate Peace, which is a young adult fiction novel. Do you enjoy young adult fiction?
It's a novel, Young-adult fiction, novel. Do you like those types of books?
Yes, Un Lun Dunn is the book of the same author, Leonardo DiCaprio, it is similar.
Your welcome
Are you a Jane Austin fan? She has quite a few books. Little Women is a classic.
Ok Jane Austen writes great historical novels. She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion.
Yes, Road to Perdition, The Grand Budapest Hotel and The Confessions of Charlotte Doyle are a few.
Yes. Wuthering Heights is a book about a woman whose search for the historical period drama. It is based on a novel.
Sure, are you a fan of Young-adult fiction or Soft Science Fiction?
Ok, you might also like Wildwood Dancing and The Lightning Thief.
I hope you enjoy it.
Did you enjoy Fight Club becuase it is a satire or a romance?
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you that Straw Dogs is a Psychological thriller similar to Fight Club.
You're welcome.
Movies similar to Harry Potter include The Chronicles of Narnia and Beauty and the Beast
Have you seen Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them? It is a fantasy movie.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Certainly! Mindy Kaling wrote The Office of the World, which is a book she wrote. Do you like that genre?
It's a comedy starring Mindy Kaling, Mindy Kaling, and Mindy Kaling.
I'm not sure. However, Mindy Kaling also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
Enjoy!
Aylmer wrote оскресение.
Anna Karenina also wrote она аренина.
You're welcome.
Cathereine Hardwicke wrote The Count of Monte Cristo and The Last Templar. Have you read either of those?
The starring in Red Riding Hood are Amanda Seyfried, Gary Oldman, and Billy Burke.
She also directed Snow White and the Huntsman.
Yes, he is a soccer player from the Manchester United F.C. team.
I know He played on the New England Patriots. He is a midfielder.
Yes he is a tiertier player. He plays midfielder position.
No, I'm not a big fan of speculative fiction. I do like some of these genres.
Yes, he was. He is a great actor. He was also in The Black Dahlia which was good as well.
Cool. I like Colin Firth as well. Have you seen any of the Pirates of the Caribbean movies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Where'd You Go, Bernadette is written by Maria Semple.
Yes, Heart Huckabees was written by David McRaney. You may like This One Is Mine also.
Sure, adding them now.
Sure! Lauren Kate wrote Passion and Rapture. Have you read either of those?
Sure. It was released in 2010. It's a young-adult fiction novel. It's considered a classic.
Ok, I hope you enjoy it.
Lewis Carroll is an author and he wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you read that?
It starred Johnny Depp. Are you a Johnny Depp fan? I have The Avengers.
Well, if you like children's movies, you might enjoy The Rum Diary. It's one of my favorites.
You're welcome. Enjoy the movies!
Well, I'll send you a reminder. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Is that a team coached by David Platt?
No, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome, have a good day!
Lauren Oliver wrote To Kill a Mockingbird. To Kill a Mockingbird is a book she has written. Do you like that genre?
You may like Catch-22 which is a Thriller and was written by James Patterson.
It's a speculative fiction novel.
You're welcome.
Sure! David Silverman directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen that one?
Ellen Burstyn wrote The Simpsons movie. Do you like her movies?
Yes, David Silverman is a television series based on The Simpsons movie.
You too!
He is an athlete who plays cricket for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
Not really, I prefer American cricket but I do catch a match.
He is definitely an author and he is very talented.
Yes That is a good movie starring Orlando Bloom. Do you like the movie because of the story line?
Sure, he starred in The Good Doctor and The Armenian Genocide.
Great, Another movie in that genre is The Return of the King starring Orlando Bloom, is The Good Doctor.
Yes I do. The Death Cure is one of a Sci-Fi Series. Have you read any of his other books?
It was written by Rick Riordan. The author of this book is Rick Riordan.
I will check it out.
Nicola Kraus wrote the Nanny Diaries.
I would recommend Happy Gilmore. It's pretty similar.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix actually has a sequel called Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince. Another title in the same genre is The Queen of Attolia.
I am not sure he starred in a TV show, but I know he is in a comedy called Order of the Phoenix.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like action movies?
Sure! Do you like Horror movies?
He also starred in Grindhouse, which is not only a Horror film, but you might also like Reservoir Dogs.
Oprah Winfrey, Reese Witherspoon, and Tracie Thoms.
Great! It is a great movie.
I love her music! Did you know she was in The Smurfs?
He directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13. Do any of these sound interesting?
I would recommend Escape from New York than. It's a mystery.
Emma Thompson starred in it. It's a fantasy movie. Do you like that genre?
Yes, JK Tolken, Orlando Bloom and Chrisopher Lee starred in it.
Great, is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, that's a great movie. It's a family movie. Do you like those types of movies?
I don't know much about tennis but I do know that she is very popular as a Serena Williams.
Yes, Serena is quite the best. Did you know she is from Canada?
Yes, she is.
I don't follow soccer much, but I do know that Falcoa plays Midfielder and forward. Do you follow soccer?
I don't think so, but I know he is a captain.
I prefer American Football as well. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys.
I would. It was written by John Hughes and is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
If you like comedy, you might like There's Something About Mary. It's more of a romatic comedy as well.
I don't have that information, but it is a great movie
You are welcome
I do. He seems like a very happy person. Do you know if he's dating anyone
I don't know if he is a singer, but I do like his lyrics a lot. I think he's married to Jordin Sparks.
I agree. I think Selena Gomez is very talented. She has a good day.
How about the Green Mile or the Last Castle?
He also wrote the Mist and the Lawnmower Man. are you familiar with those?
You're welcome.
It was written by Lewis Carroll, who also wrote The Looking Glass Wars. Would you like to read it?
I am not sure. I do know it was released in 1865.
Sure. Ursula K. Le Guin is a writer of The Assassin and the Desert.
I do! He starred in Deadpool and The Transporter Refueled. Are you familiar with those movies?
Really, I don't know much about him except that he's a really good actor. Have you seen Radivoje Bukvic?
It's a thriller and action film. Do you like that genre?
Shark Night is starring Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
You might want to check out Inception, or Zodiac, then.
You're welcome.
That's the fourth in the Indiana Jones series of movies. Have you seen the other three?
Gathering Blue is the next in the series. what else can i do for you?
Journey To The Center Of The Earth is a good one. what else can i do for you?
Robit Sarma i an Athlete who play in Indians Team.
He plays cricket for the Mumbai Indians, do you like cricket?
Yes, he does.
Yes, in fact there is another movie called Rohit Sharma , he is from India.
I recommend Island.
The first one was published in 1981. Have you read it?
Yes, he did. It's the band name of the band.
That's a great book by Ian McEwan. It was released in 2001.
Christopher Hampton also wrote Without Remorse, Inheritance, and Inheritance. Have you read any of these?
The genre is Thriller and Suspense Fiction. Is that your favorite genre?
Without Remorse is considered a thriller and drama. It is also considered a thriller and an action film.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
2012 was written by Roland Emmerich and Harald Kloser and directed by Emmerich. Do you his movies or are you interested in something in the same genre?
The genre is fiction
George Clooney starred in that movie as well
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
I can recommend another movie directed by Tate Taylor-I Spy
Yes, it is. I haven't seen it. I don't have any information on that one. There are other movies she was in.
Yes. Ryan Reynolds starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
I know she starred in The Muppets and the Muppets! She is a singer, song writer and actress.
Definitely! I haven't seen it yet, I know it's really good. It was released in 2015.
Yes. I am a Client by John Grisham. Are you familiar with his work?
It is a psychological thriller, do you like that genre?
The Firm is also a thriller and stars John Grisham.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about him other than he plays football. I do know he is a football player.
I don't have information on his skills
I enjoy watching college football and american football
Who is your favorite team?
Yes the Packer is a great player as well.
I'm not a big soccer fan, I don't know much about the team other then David Platt coaches it. Do you like soccer?
Yeah, I like soccer a lot. Are you a soccer fan?
I agree. They are a good team.
Are you a fan of the book or do you like that genre?
It is a mystery, similar to Shadows of the Moon.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She has other books, Do you like the Romance genre?
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen
That book was written by Virginia Woolf who also wrote To The Lighthouse.
Have you read Robinson Crusoe?
It is fiction and adventure. Do you like that genre?
No problem. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, and she also sang I Really Like You.
No, I did not. I think she was it?
Oh yea that's what I meant. She was a regular on The Voice.
Sure, he directed The Three Musketeers and The Trial. Have you seen those?
The Others starred Nicole Kidman and Keith Allen.
No problem, enjoy.
Well, he wrote Madame Bovary a romance. Do you like those kinds of books?
It's a historical novel, actually. It was released in 1856.
If you like romance you may want to check out The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
If you like Malcolm Bowie, you might like The Return of the Native.
It's a romance novel, similar to The Return of the Native. You might like that one.
It's a romance novel. If you like romance novels, I think you'll like The Return of the Native.
Ok, if you like fiction you'll like Wolf Brother if you're interested.
Happy to help!
I do too. He's been in The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October.
Yes, he wrote Nostromo: a Tale of the Seaboard.
Yes it is. It's a great book. He also wrote A Simple Tale.
I'm not sure. Nostromo a tale of the Seaboard was released in 1904.
He wrote The Road and The Crossing.
I have Welcome to Temptation, Where Rainbows End and Wide Sargasso Sea. Check those out.
Sean Connery is the author of Your Heart Belongs to Me.
It was released in 1996.
Of course, enjoy!
Jane Eyre is a fiction work written by Michael Mason. Do you like Romance novels?
Sure. He also wrote Jane Eyre, which is a romance novel.
No, I am not sure if it is considered a science fiction film, but it was directed by Michael Mason.
Have a nice day.
It was written by Malala Yousafzai.
He also wrote The Girl from Aleppo, Farewell Kabul and The Africa House.
Veronika Decide Morrer is a speculative fiction book, which is part of a series.
He is also an author, he wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
I don't know too much about him. He is playing for Detroit Pistons. Did you know he is an athlete?
I like sports. I am a Lakers fan. How about you?
Yes I like the Lakers. Who is your favorite player?
O Alquimista was written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988. In English, it's called The Alchemist. Have you read this book?
Paulo Coelho wrote The Alchemist. This book is in English. Have you read that one?
Is there anything else I can do for you?
Sure! Divine Secrets of the Ya=Ya Sisterhood is written by Rebecca Wells, It's a novel.
She has written Ya-Yas in Bloom, she also wrote Little Altars Everywhere.
Enjoy!
Sure! Kami Garcia wrote Dream Dark, Beautiful Redemption, and several others. Would you like to hear more titles?
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You are welcome. Have a good day.
She wrote Throne of Glass , and The Assassin's Blade. Have you read either of those?
The Assassin's Blade is another one she wrote.
Great, hope you like it!
Wonderful. Enjoy!
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a Sci-Fi Action movie. Do you like these genres?
Kodi also starred in Slow west with Ben Mendlesohn.
Dead Europe is a crime movie. Do you like those types of movies?
No problem, enjoy.
Yes. The movie Artificial Intelligence is a Sci-Fi movie starring Steven Spielberg. Would you like to hear more titles by this director
I recommend X-Men 2 or Winter's Bone
You are welcome have a nice day.
It was written by Evan Goldberg. Are you interested in other Evan Goldberg movies?
It is a Psychological Thriller and Comedy, Is that what you are looking for?
I'm not sure who else stars in Whatever It Takes, but the movie was released in 2003 and is more of a thriller.
Do you enjoy this book because it is a war film?
He has also written Thirteen Moons and The Cold Mountain.
It was released in 2009 and is a drama/fantasy. Would you like to read it?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I liked them better when Jason Witten was playing, but they're still a pretty good team. Are you a fan of the Cowboys?
He was in Game of Thrones. Did you see that one?
I think he's a reality show as well.
It was written by Steve Oedekerk, who also directed Kung Pow: Enter the Fist
Sure. He also starred in Ace Ventura Pet Detective and Dumb and Dumber. Both are popular movies.
That's the only information I have on that, is there anything else I can help you with?
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Hunger Games. Do you like Science Fiction movies?
I'm not sure about it, but A Space Adventure was released in 2005.
She's been in The Kids Are All Right, which was a very popular one.
The genre is Thriller and Drama.
You're welcome!
Do you like thrillers?
He also wrote Grindhouse, which is a thriller.
You're welcome!
You're welcome.
Sure, she wrote Mean Girls and Bossypants.
Yes, Johnny Depp starred in it as well as The Rum Diary.
Sure, Tate Taylor directed The Help and also Get on Up.
Yes, Cicely Tyson appears in The Help and Get on Up, which was written by Tate Taylor.
She is in The Women of Brewster Place, which is a musical drama.
No problem! I hope that you enjoy!
Sure! Are you interested in the writer, Christopher Nolan, or the star, Christopher Nolan?
Christopher Nolan
Star Wars is a great movie! Are you familiar with Star Wars, starring Carrie Fisher?
Indiana Jones starred in Indiana Jones. It was written by George Lucas.
Yes, it is also a Drama.
I see that there is one by Paula McLain who wrote it and it is called Circling the Sun.
She has also written Circling the Sun that was released in 2011. Have you heard of it?
I'm not sure but it was released in the year 2015
I'm not sure but it was released in 2015.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Lea Thompson has starred in movies such as The Wildest Dream and The Wild Life.
Speculative Fiction and Fantasy. Do you like those genres?
Those are great movies. If you like Red Dawn, you should watch Back to the Future Part II.
He also wrote Sex and the City, which is a very popular film.
OK. Then you will really enjoy Red Dawn. Have a great day!
Yes, it was written by Francis Ford Coppola and starred Robert Duvall. It is a very good movie.
Yes, Sofia Coppola starred in The Godfather.
Yes he did. That is a movie starring Robert Duvall.
He has written To Have and Have Not, and A Midsummer Night's Dream. They are both speculative fiction books. Do you like that genre?
He also wrote The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss. Have you read that one?
It is! It's a romance novel, similar to Under the Never Sky. Have you read that one?
Of course! Enjoy!
Stieg Larsson is an American professional footballer who plays as a forward for German club West Germany. He was born in Salamanca.
Sure. She's author of some popular books including Graceling, Fire, and BittterBlue
Other romance novels include Graceling, Fire, Bitterblue. Have you read any of these?
I don't know that but I see it is a speculative fiction
A couple of books in the same genre are The Witch of Blackbird Pond and The Last Unicorn.
The Giver is written by Lois Lowry, have you read it?
I think he's a good qb. Did you know his brother Jordan was on the Bachelorette?
I do, the Dallas Cowboys are my favorite. Which team is yours?
I haven't. I've never been to a football game before. Who is your favorite quarterback?
Tales of Beedle the Bard is a good one, with a lot of twists.
Yes, The Lost Hero is written by Rick Riordan and is a Young-adult fiction book. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
The Lost Hero is an autobiography
Yes,The Titan's Curse is a young adult fiction
You are welcome
Monsters University Movie
Alex Rocco, Bill Cobbs and Kristen Wiig also starred in it. It was great!
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, he has written books such as The Half-Blood Prince and The Titan's Curse. Do you like those types of books?
The Prince is in the Romance genre.
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People is a book similar to The Prince.
Yes, he's fantastic! He starred in Desperado! Have you seen it?
No, I am not a huge fan of their music but I have heard some of his songs from them.
I have never heard of him but I will have to check out some of his music videos.
Sure! Do you like books written by Truman Capote?
He also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Murder by Death. Would you like more information about this?
No problem, I'm glad to help!
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2005.
Sure, it's a story about a man who moves to a small town and falls in love with a widower.
Sure, it was written by Richard LaGravenese and released in 1996.
I love her. My favorite is I'm Not Dead by Pink. What is yours?
As a matter of fact I love Taylor Swift, I liked her in the movie Valentine's Day, which is a comedy.
I don't read any of her music. I think I'll watch some of her shows.
Sure! Caroline Goodall has starred in The Princess Diaries, Schindler's List, and The Devil's Advocate.
White Squall is a documentary film and an adventure film. You should check it out when you have time.
Coming of Age is a film that was released in 1981. Do you like sci-fi films?
Yes, that is correct. I do know that Whale Rider is in the Thriller and was released in 2008.
Thanks.
Of course. Charles Dickens wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop, to name a few.
Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club was released in 1981. It's a novel that was turned into a film starring Robert Louis Stevenson.
I don't know, but I do know he is a prolific writer. He writes a lot of childrens
Enjoy!
John Grogan wrote Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog, released in 2005.
Sure, he also starred in Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog.
Sure! Do you like Scream because it's a crime movie?
Of course, I liked Red Eye too. Have you seen that one?
It is a romantic comedy, starring Johnny Depp. The movie was released in 1998 and starred Seth Rogen. Do you like that kind of movie?
Sure. Sylvester Stallone directed The Expendables starring Jet Li and Jason Statham.
Yes, he was. Do you like him as an actor?
I don't have that information, but Sylvester Stallone did star in Redbelt.
Yes, it written by Cassandra Clare and released 2014. Have you read this book?
The genre is Fantasy. Do you like fantasy books?
That's a great one. Cassandra Clare wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex, which is next in the series.
Reservoir Dogs is similar to Pulp Fiction
Royal Kill stars Tika Sumpter and Robert De Niro.
He, from China, is famous for his table tennis ability, which is awesome to watch.
That's interesting! I didn't realize that! That's interesting!
I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer. What do you think of them?
How do you feel about Tom Cruise?
Bobby Farrelly starred in Stuck on You. Stuck on You is written by Peter Farrelly. Would you like more information?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
No problem. Jason Grimes and Liam Neeson are both in it.
Rob Cohen directed: The Skulls, The Fast and the Furious, and The Fast and the Furious.
I am not sure, but I can tell you The Skulls is a drama produced by John Pogue.
No problem.
Not much, I know it is a German sports club based in Munich. They have a game this coming Saturday.
Its a soccer team
Yes, he did
I believe he is a musician who also played cricket
I'm not sure. I don't follow cricket much.
Sure! Million Dollar Baby was directed by him. He also starred in it. Great movie!
Tommy Lee Jones starred in that movie, which is a comedy.
I hope you enjoy it.
The Lives of Others and The Tourist are two good ones.
The first one is considered a psychological thriller and The Lives of Others is a psychological thriller.
Florian also directed The Tourist starring Angelina Jolie and Johnny Depp.
It was released in 2003.
I am not sure who wrote it but the film was directed by HG Wells.
Glad I could help.
I think they are the best team in basketball. Who is your favorite player?
Did you know he won the NBA All Rookie Team?
Oh, I definitely agree. I love watching him play the Seahawks!
Jane Eyre is a fiction work written by Michael Mason. Do you like Romance novels?
Jane Eyre is actually a book. Another one of his is The Signature of all Things
Certainly, another romantic novel is The Time Machine. Have you read that one?
Are you referring to Russel Westbrook. Did you know he was a point guard?
Soccer and football. What about you?
No, I did not know that.
He wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read it?
The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas has genre Tragicomedy.
You are welcome.
I don't know a whole lot. I know A Million Little Pieces was written by James Frey which was also a film. Do you like speculative fiction?
The authoi is a series written by James Frey and has genre speculative fiction.
Yes, he directed The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Richard Andrews is the author of The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark. Does this help?
Yes. 1600 was the same year that the Winter's tale was released. Have you read it?
I am not sure about that. I do know he wrote a book called The Winter's Tale.
Sure. I added that as well.
I do know he plays for the Germany national football team as a midfielder and forward.
Yes, he is a midfielder as well, and also a forward as well.
Not really, I am more of a American Football fan. What sport do you like?
Isn't he a tennis player?
Basel is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Is she the Call Me Maybe girl?
No I didn't. She's a pretty good video.
Yes, she is very talented. She also has a hand in the movies as well, I think.
yes, do you like jaws because it is written by Peter Benchley?
Yes, he was. Keith Gordon also wrote the movie Jaws 2.
You're welcome
Sure, she starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie. Have you seen those?
It is written by Frances Hodgson. It is a romance film.
It's a romantic comedy. You should check it out.
Sure, he directed The Hunt for Red October and The Son of Neptune. Have you seen those?
This is a drama and Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
It is written by Steven Spielberg and stars Denzel Washington.
I know that Craig T. Nelson starred in How to Train Your Dragon, which is also a Psychological Thriller
I'm not sure what else he's been in but I have seen The Day the Earth Stood Still, have you seen it?
You're welcome
I don't know much about football except that they're an NFC south team and i believe Lovey Smith is the coach. Do you like football?
I do. I'm a NY Giants fan. But I don't really like the San Diego Chargers. Do you like football?
I like football as well. I'm a NY Giants fan. What about you?
Not so bad, heard they sung the song One Step Closer. Do you know this song?
Yes, Somewhere I Belong is a book written by Belong, called Last Night at Chateau Marmont.
Yes, Somewhere I Belong is more popular and some of their music is very popular and they have some good ones.
Yes, I do. I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who's your favorite team?
Yeah, they did! That's amazing! I've heard they're a good team. They have a lot of Runner ups.
Tom Brady is the owner of the Patriots, and he was a great player!
Sure! Do you like books written by Truman Capote?
Sure, Water for Elephants and The Time Traveler's Wife are some good ones.
Yes, it was based on a true story. I am going to suggest other things based on the book.
Sure, which genre do you prefer, fantasy, or action?
Yes, it also stars Josh Brolin. Do you like him?
Garfield also stars in another TV drama, The World of Ice and Fire. Have you seen this one?
They are pretty good. They were runners up in the 2003 NBA Finals.
Yes, I like basketball. What's your favorite team?
Not really. I like American Football? What's your favorite sport?
I haven't seen that, is it a horror film?
She was in the movies Friends with Benefits, and No Strings Attached. She's quite a cast!
Ed Harris, and Denzel Washington were all in that film!
Enjoy!
Sure. He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen that?
Yes he was, along with Winona Ryder.
Yes! It was released in 2004.
I do, I know that Orlando Bloom starred in Elizabethtown, who was also in Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End.
He was. I'm not sure about that. Is that a thriller film, right?
I'd recommend Waterworld. It's a thriller.
Do you like X-Men Origins because it is an action movie or because it is science fiction?
Sure, he starred in The Proposal and Step Up. Have you seen either of those?
Do you mean the movie, Waiting?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, do you like it because it's a family movie?
Of course, some movies Matt Damon starred in are Good Will Hunting and The People Speak.
He's been in some great action movies. He was in The People Speak, Push, Nevada. Push, and Inside Job.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it was directed by Leo Tolstoy and released in 1999.
He directed Pretty Little Liars, which is a Drama movie. Have you seen it?
I don't have that information, but i can recommend another great movie starring Mel Gibson. Have you seen it?
Great! I also recommend, You might also like the movie he stars in. Have you seen this one?
In the movie The King Kong, The sequel to King Kong is The Incredibles. Would you like to hear more about the sequel?
It is classified as a drama.
You might enjoy X-Men 2 or World War Z.
I think it was released in 2005, and its actually more of a sci-fi film.
They are a team outside the NFC south. Tom Benson is the owner. What do you think of them?
They're pretty good. Who's your favorite team? I watch them from time to time/
That's pretty cool. I don't know much about the Steelers, though.
This is the End, The Interview
It starred Mindy Kaling, James Franco, and Channing Tatum.
Yes, Channing Tatum starred in The End, which was a film.
Some other good movies he directed are Sunset an action film and Mindy Kaling was in Magical Mystery Tour.
Side Effects is a fantasy film starring Veronica Cartwright, who is a great actor.
You're welcome!
Sure! Red Dragon is also a Psychological thriller that is similar to The Silence of the Lambs.
Ralph Fiennes also has The Time Traveler's Wife and Insurgent.
No problem
Yes, I also like Wolf Brother which is a thriller that you might like.
The Lion King is one popular movie. Have you seen it?
If you liked the Lion King, you might also enjoy A Farewell to Arms.
You're welcome.
Yes, The movie written by Vince Gilligan, starring Will Smith.
Will Smith also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness, have you seen it?
Shia LaBeouf is a Thriller, I am not sure of the genre.
Sure. I am glad to be of help.
Isn't he a soccer midfielder?
I don't either. I know Fabrio Capello used to play for Italy as a
I like American Football, and my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. What sports do you like?
It's a Thriller. Are you into Thriller movies?
I may have heard them perform somewhere before but I can't really place them. Do you know what kind of music they play?
I'll have to check them out some other countries. I'm not familiar with their music, what's your favorite?
I'm not sure, but I think I'd like Seoul to start sometime in Seoul. Isn't that cool?
Yes, Jason Flemyng starred in Wild Bill, Welcome to the Punch, Viy, The Social Network, and several others. Do you have a certain genre in mind?
Zoe Lister-Jones and Neil Matheson starred in it.
You're welcome.
Your welcome.
I sure can! She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Elie Wiesel. That's a mouthful!
Un di Velt Hot Geshvign is a non fiction. It was released in 1958.
Wonderful! Anything else I can help you with?
Sure, do you like the movie because it is a crime movie or because you are a fan of his?
Hugh Jackman starred in this movie. You must like Sci-Fi movies.
You're welcome. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, he's an author who wrote many books including Unaccustomed Earth, The Lost World, and The Valley of Elah. Have you read any of those?
That's a good one. He was born in Spain. He is also a teacher.
No that information is not in my data base but he is a Spanish professional footballer who is currently playing for Manchester United F.C.
Robert Duvall is also in that film, and he is also a musician.
Are you a fan of hers? She starred in Terminator 2: Judgment Day.
It is a science fiction film, do you like that genre?
Yes, if you like dramas I would recommend The Fault in Our Stars. It is also a great movie!
Yes. He has list of books you should check out. SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling, Patriotic Prostitutes, and Why Suicide Bombers Should Buy Life Insurance. Have you read this?
Yes, Steven D. Dubner is the author of Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything!
I have not, but I know he wrote SuperFreakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
I don't have any more recommendations at this time but I do know he is from New York.
Edgar Wright wrote The War of the Worlds, The Stand, and Romeo and Juliet. Have you read any of those?
Yes science fiction. Are you a fan of Edgar Wright's works?
Yes, and Julie Kavner is a great actress.
Coldplay is a band with Chris Martin as the lead vocal. Do you like their music?
Coldplay is a drama and a comedy. Do you like these types of music?
Yes I can. I like Farewell to Arms and The Moon and More
She wrote dreams of Gods and Monsters, Inc.
It is a mystery/suspense book that was released in 2014 if that interests you.
That came out in 2014. Are you interested in this book?
No problem!
I haven't heard much about him. Is he a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers?
I didn't know that! That's where he was born. I've never heard of that place.
No I haven't but I've heard he isn't a very good player.
He starred in the thriller Grindhouse and the indie film Death Proof. They were both pretty good.
It is written by E.B. White and produced by Robert Rodriguez.
He is one of my favorite comedies Grown Ups. Are you familiar with that one?
Sure, Big Fish was written by John August and he also wrote Titan A. E.
The Matrix is a popular one that Kenny and was born in Los Angeles.
Yes, starring Keanu Reeves and Naomi Watts. What else can I do for you today?
You are welcome.
Phil LaMarr starred in Zambezia, have you seen that?
Sure, Sam LaMarr, David Koepp and Dennis Hopper are both in it. Do you like any of them?
Actually, Noureen DeWulf is a Mystery, Drama, Sci-Fi and Comedy.
You're welcome, have a good day.
They are in the NBA and owned by Jay-Z. The Nets are a basketball team. Do you like basketball?
Me too! Transformers is a great movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
He is a movie great. Did you know he starred in the The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn?
It is a action movie that was directed by Ridley Scott. It is a Thriller and action movie. Do you like action movies?
Sure! Similar romance novels might be The Fiery Cross or This Lullaby. Romance novels always make me feel warm and fuzzy.
Yes, Voyager is a good romance novel.
Yes, it is considered a Romance novel.
Thank you, I hope you enjoy it!
I'm not sure, but I know she's a tennis player. I don't watch it much.
Not really, I just know that Serena Williams is a tennis player from Mumbai.
Yes, she is definitely successful in that movie!
Al Pacino starred in Looking for Richard.
These are comedy/crime.
He also starred in a thriller called Shark Night.
Sure! Sense and Sensibility was also written by Jane Austen.
Yes, it was written by Ira Levinson and released in 1851.
She also wrote Sense and Sensibility. You might like that one as well.
I'm always happy to help.
Yes, she is a singer/songwriter. She sings a Thousands years, very popular song.
She is a very popular song. She wrote A Thousand Years.
I'm not sure about that. I know it was a long time ago.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
He starred in a lot of movies. Do you like thrillers?
I agree. Mark Boal wrote Dark Thirty. He also wrote The Hurt Locker. Have you seen it?
No, the same actor. I am not sure who else stars in it.
Awesome! I hope you enjoy it.
Sure Rob Riggle starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys.
Unaccompanied Minors starred Tyler James Williams and Jessica Walter. Do you like that kind of movie?
Sure. You'll like The Lorax, you might like. It's a animation.
Sure. Unaccompanied Minors starred Mindy Kaling which is also a comedy.
Enjoy the movie.
He is the author, he wrote most notably, The Three Musketeers. This is a drama. Do you like this genre?
Good choice! It's a romance starring Reese Witherspoon released in 2011. I think you'd like it.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, it was written by Leo Tolstoy and Richard Linklater stars in the movie.
Yes, Leo Tolstoy is correct.
Yes, Leo Tolstoy was influenced by Richard Linklater. He wrote Haunting, which is a romantic comedy.
Anything else I can help you with?
Twilight is written by Meg Cabot. what else can i do for you?
Yes, she is a great author. She also wrote The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure. The Social Network is written by Justin Timberlake and stars Justin Timberlake. It is considered a Biographical film.
Tom Everett, Tim Blake Nelson, and Justin Timberlake all starred in The Social Network.
Rashida Jones also starred in The Social Network. The movie is a highly rated movie.
Enjoy!
Sure, he is an author who wrote the biography David Copperfield. Are you a fan?
Jeremy Tambling was released in 1987. He's a great author.
Did you know he's in the drama genre? I'm not sure if you're into fiction, but I would say drama.
John Carpenter directed Escape from New York, which is an action film.
It is starring Tom Hanks and Tracie Thoms. It's a great movie!
Yes she is very talented, he also starred in You've Got Mail, which is a really good one!
Escape from New York is a Crime Fiction Drama.
There is The Two Towers written by J.R.R. Tolkien. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Women in Love was written by Candice Bergen.
He also wrote Lord of the Rings: Gone with the Wind.
The Matrix is Sci-Fi. Do you like that genre?
The Matrix was produced and directed by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
Inception starred Michael Gaston, Teri Garr, Sean Pertwee, Michael Gaston, Scott Bakula
A Wrinkle in Time is a science fantasy book written by American Madeleine L'Engle. It is part of a series. Have you read the next book in the series?
You might enjoy the Dark Knight Returns or the Watchmen. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes, it is. It was originally published in 1962 and also has a sequel called The Chocolate War.
The Witch of Blackbird Pond by Elizabeth George Speare and the Giver are examples.
I'm not sure, but I believe it was also released in 1974. You should check out the film if you'd like?
You're welcome.
That actor was born in Mumbai and starred in Slumdog Millionaire. Are you a fan of Indie films like that one?
Slumdog Millionaire is an indie film.
Swarup was released in 2004. It's a romance.
No problem. Enjoy!
I know he wrote The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies
Aidan Turner also starred in the Mortal Instruments: City of Bones, which is a book.
The genre is Fantasy
The Emperor's New Groove
Simon McBurney directed the movie
Do you like books written by Roald Dahl?
Zoe's Tale, I believe was written by John Scalzi. Would you like me to add it to your list?
Yes, it is! Were you aware that it is Speculative fiction?
I do a bit; I know that Donna Tartt wrote it and that it was released in 2013.
Yes, she won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. Would you like to hear more of her books?
Yes she did. She also wrote The Secret History.
Yes, Dinna Tarrt was born in Los Angeles in America.
You're welcome.
JoJo Moyes wrote that one. You may also like The One Plus One.
Great! I would recommend The Ship of Brides, if you liked it.
Enjoy!
Yes, it is a young-adult fiction book written by John Green. Do you like that author?
Yep. That's a great book. Did you know he also wrote Paper Towns?
I don't know that one. Sorry.
I definitely agree. I like that one, it was written by John Green and is a young-adult fiction.
He wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Great Gatsby. Have you read either of those yet?
I recommend The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy!
Yes I do. He wrote Deadpool and wrote Angelo Pizza. Do you like Deadpool?
Black Hat is a horror movie starring Tim Miller.
Black Hat is a horror movie , he also starred in Donnie Darko and The Way of the Gun
Sure, have a good day
Sure! Pan's Labyrinth is a 2006 Mexican/Spanish Historical fiction novel written by Guillermo del Toro. It is a novel released in 1922. Do you like those kinds of books?
Yes, it is in English. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure about the movie but I do know that it is in Spanish.
You might also enjoy The Golden Compass or The Fall if you like Fantasy.
Awesome! I hope you enjoy the movie!
I've heard of him, but haven't read his work. He wrote "'The Water is Wide, "The Prince of Tides" and "The Lords of Discipline". The prince of tides was made into a film! Have you seen it?
They were both good movies.
Yes that is correct. Michael York also wrote a couple of the books he wrote like Into the Wild as well.
Yes, you may like the Madrona Murders. He passed away in San Francisco in 2015
I haven't seen it but I heard it was amazing. Then you should check it out.
I haven't seen it yet but I will have to check it out. Thanks for the information!
Have you seen Apocalypse Now? It stars Robert Duvall.
Sean Penn is the author of that book.
Yes, it was adapted into a movie starring Sean Penn.
I recommend The Tree of Life and The Game. Have you seen them?
Me too! You should check out Mad Max: Fury Road, it stars Garth Williams.
Yes, Tom Hooper directed The Damned Unite and The King's Speech
The Invisible Man and The Book Of Mormon are two of his most popular pieces of work.
Okay, enjoy the movie!
He is one of my favorite artists of this age! I like his song Runaway baby. How about you?
I have not heard of her. Is she a singer?
I've heard of her, that's really cool. I'm a fan of hers, but of course I'm more of a rock fan. What about you?
Yes, I really like her. I think Selena Gomez is really talented.
The coach is Lousi van Gall but thats really all i know. Do you like him>
Marco Reus is the coach.
Yes, they won the 2009 UEFA Champions League Final.
I am not sure, but I know The Maze Runner is young adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Mark Wahlberg is the author. Do you like his books?
your'e welcome
Yes, a great book I can recommend by Roy is The God of Small Things. Have you heard of it?
It's considered family drama and literary fiction and was released in 1997
Yes it was filmed in the movie and it is starring Michael Douglas
You are welcome, enjoy!
That was written by Sue Monk Kidd and is in the fiction genre. Are you interested in either of those genres?
Its a speculative fiction written by Sue Monk Kidd and is in the fiction genre.
No its a triller but i haven't seen the movie version
Sure, she wrote Dracula. Do you want to read any other books from her?
Sure, a few books by Nina Auerbach in that genre are The Invisible Man and The Book of Eli.
There are a few authors similar to Dracula, have you heard of The Invisible Man?
You're welcome, have a good day.
Yes, JK Tolken. It stars Orlando Bloom and Chrisopher Lee.
In that case, I recommend The Good Doctor. It was also turned into a movie.
You're welcome. Glad I could help.
I know that Bob McNair owns the Houston Texans, but I don't follow them. Do you like them?
I'm a fan of the Dallas Cowboys, but I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. Do you like the Dallas Cowboys?
Yeah, he owns the Houston Texans, and owns the Houston Texans. Do you like football?
Yes, he starred in Wuthering Heights and Troy would you like to know more of his movies?
You might also like The Rum Diary. It's a good movie to watch.
It came out in 1994.
It's about a mysterious assassin working for a group of rebels. It's about a wrongly convicted man who seems to be in his personal life. It's a great movie.
Pearl S Buck wrote The good Earth. Did you know she was also a teacher?
I don't have that information, but I would recommend a book by Pearl S. Buck that she wrote. It is a romance novel.
I also recommend it.
Enjoy!
Are you referring to Maria Sharapova who is a Russian professional tennis player?
Yes, she has won several awards including the 2008 PGA Championship and the 2008 Summer Olympics.
I only know a little about basketball myself if I'm watching it. What is your favorite sport?
Did you know he is from India?
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
It was also released as a movie. The title is You Are Not So Smart. It was also released in 1989.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy the books!
Enjoy your books!
Sure, do you like Fantasy or Action movies?
Yes, X-Men 2 is written by Zak Penn
I know of this movie but I don't know of any other films
No problem, Enjoy
Sure. That starred Julianne Moore and she is also in Magnolia, which is a similar film.
A couple of the movies that Ryan Gosling starred in are Beautiful Creatures, Annie Hall, and a few. Any of those sound good?
You are welcome. I'm happy to help.
Sure. He is a sci-fi novelist who wrote Cycle of the Werewolf, Creepshow, and The Stand.
He is from England. He is a great author.
The Dead Zone is a fantasy. I think it is a great book
I'm not sure about that, but The Dead Zone was written by Bernie Wrightson
Yes, I recommend the Cast Away
Tom Hanks starred in The Post, Forest Gump, and many other movies. Would you like to hear more?
Well, I don't have any more information on those movies, but Larry Crowne is considered a Romantic Comedy!
Enjoy!
Ok, anything else I can do for you?
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets : Part of series: Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets' series. Film Executive Produced: Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, do you like fantasy genre?
It has a genre of Novel and Fiction.
It does star Pierre Perrier and it was released in 2016.
I do. I'm not much of a football fan, but I do like their coach Pete Carroll. Who do you root for?
It seems there are quite a number of teams to choose from. I like the Cowboys as well.
Do you know anything about The Seahawks ? I can't argue with that.
Stargirl was written by Jerry Spinelli and it was released in 1997.
Sure! Jerry Spinelli also wrote Milkweed and Maniac Magee.
Sure! Wicked Lovely is a young-adult fiction novel and was released in 1995.
I think he is the only athlete I know about him. Is he your favorite tennis player?
That's true. number one of my favorite tennis players would have to be Venus Williams and Roger Federer. Who do you like?
I agree. I liked Federer better than Roger Federer.
Definitely! Mary GrandPre was the author of The Assassin and the Desert. Do you like young adult fiction?
You are correct. The Half-Blood Prince is by J.K. Rowling.
Sure, the author Liane Moriarty wrote truly , madly, Guilty & big little lies. Do you l ike thrill
Yes she did. Big Little Lies was released in 2014. She also wrote Three Wishes and The Last Anniversary.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I liked them better when Jason Witten was playing, but they're still a pretty good team. Are you a fan of the Cowboys?
My favorite team is the Broncos. I've been a fan forever. Do you have a favorite team?
They seem to be having a bad season right now.
I agree. He is a great coach.
X-Men 2 starring bruce davison
X-Men 2 is a Sci-Fi/Action movie, starring Stan Lee. Have you seen it?
The Incredible Hulk stars William Hurt, Ty Burrell and Tim Roth
God's Smuggler is a good one she has written. I also like God's Smuggler.
It's a Non-fiction Autobiography released in 1964. It's considered a Autobiography.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Noah Emmerich starred in Windtalkers. what else can i do for you?
Yes, you might like The Legend of Drunken Master or The Matrix Revolutions.
Ok, if you like him you will like X-Men: First Class.
OK. Have a great day!
Phil Lord directed my favoriteThe Lego Movie
Katharine McPhee, Joshua Leonard, and Joel David Moore are all starred in 22 Jump Street.
I don't think so, he was in White House Down too.
You're welcome, enjoy!
It was written and directed by Sean Penn. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Yes, I would recommend it.
Yes, she is. No Strings Attached is also considered a thriller.
You're welcome!
Well, James Frain who is in it is also in Transit (Crime Fiction Film).
You might like X-Men: The Last Stand or World War Z, they are all Sci-Fi movies.
Zombieland is starring Xander Berkeley, who also starred in The Amazing Spider Man.
I don't know when it was released, but I do know he's been in a lot of movies.
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Dogtown.
That's a very good read! I recommend Tales of Beedle the Bard.
You're welcome!
That's listed as Speculative fiction, fiction and Children's literature - which are you more interested in?
The King of Attolia is a young-adult fiction book. Other books in the series are The City of Ember and The Bell Jar.
I would recommend World Without End, Wolf Brother, and Wolf Brother. Would you like any of those?
The classic novel, The Old Man, the Sea, was written by Ernest Hemingway. You like Hemingway?
You might like Zoe's Tale, Xenocide or Wyrd Sisters.
It's a romance and was released in 1929. Do you like romances?
Groundhog Day was written by Billie Letts and a great movie. Do you like Romantic Fantasy movies?
Charlie Hunnam and Nicholas Cage starred in Year One.
Yes he was he was also in Ghostbusters
you are welcome
Not so bad, heard they sung the song One Step Closer. Do you know this song?
Sure the movie Red Dragon is starring Ryan Reynolds one of the actors. Do you like action movies?
Another sci-fi movie that is similar is The Maze Runner.
Yes. It is very good. You should check it out if you like adventure.
I'm not sure if she is in it, but she was in it too.
Sure, Jean-pierre Youngt directed The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Micmacs is a TV miniseries directed by Jean-Pierre Moreau.
I do not know when he was released. I do know he is a comedian.
Your welcome.
Of course, have you read the whole series of The Ocean at the End of the Lanes?
It was written by Neil Gaiman and was released in 2013.
OK, have a good day.
Joel Coen wrote No Country for Old Men, and it was written by Joel Coen.
Well, he starred in The Rocky Horror Picture Show, which is a sci-fi/action film.
Directed by Richard LaGravenese.
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller?
I am not sure about that. I do know he was in a relationship with Ben Stiller who was in the movie.
It is. You should check it out. It starred Robert Duvall.
No problem.
Jojo Moyes wrote it. You might also like The One Plus One.
Jojo Moyes also wrote The One Plus One and The Last Letter From Your Lover.
No problem, enjoy.
Excellent choice! He's known for Robin Hood, The Three Musketeers and The Comte de Monte-Cristo.
No, Robert Dumas would not be the only one that wrote.
Other Count of Monte Cristo released in 1844, the same year as The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe came out.
You're welcome.
Sure, I can let you know info on that. He wrote the books, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, The Red House and a A Spot of Bother. The first book has a genre Mystery.
Yes, it is an action movie starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more about this movie?
I have. If you like Peter Capaldi I would highly recommend The Last Samurai.
Enjoy
Well, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
No, there is a sequel. Have you read the Great Gilly Hopkins and the Great Gilly Hopkins.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
If you liked that, you might like Catching Fire. It was the next in the Hunger Games series.
Shark Night is a thriller that stars Katharine McPhee.
Shark Night stars Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
I know he wrote Walking Disaster, have you read it?
It is in the crime genre, and it was released in 2011. Is there anything else I can help with?
I don't have any murder mystery recommendations, is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome.
Sure, are you into sci-fi or action films?
Me too! Have you seen The Matrix Reloaded or The Matrix Reloaded?
Matthew McConaughey stars in John Wick, who is a great actor!
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I don't know much about her other than he composed Titanium. Are you a fan of him?
Yes she did, she also won the MTV Music Award for Best Electronic Dance Music Award.
Oh yes, she is on that bucket list. I really like her a lot. She was definitely on the bucket list like Teenage Dream and Pink Friday.
I dont know about movies starring in but Lana Wachowski directed The Matrix: The Matrix Revolutions
OK, then you will like X-Men 2. They are Family and Comedy. Have you seen them?
I'm not sure, but it starred Keanu Reeves. Then you might like it.
Blood Promise is written by Richelle Mead. Do you like Richelle Mead books?
You may enjoy the Vampire Academy series - The Graphic Novel.
It was also written by Richelle Mead and has a genre of Young-adult fiction. You might enjoy the book The Blood Promise.
Yes, he did! Theigh Dragoon also wrote Spirit Bound
Would you like more from the Mission Impossible Series, or other action movies?
Would you like recommendations of other movies starring Morgan Freeman?
Some similar movies are The Lego Movie and The Fast and the Furious.
I'm not sure about movies he's acted in but you might also like The Warrior's Way, a war film.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Tom Skerritt starred in Ted, I know that.
Ted is a Comedy-drama.
You're welcome.
You might enjoy The Missing. It was written by Marue Hindle. She has also written The Illustrated Man.
Yes, he also wrote The Last Man and The Invisible Man. Have you read those?
Yes, they are all written in English.
He wrote Utterly Cold Blooded. It is a Psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 1856, and is considered a Romance novel. I don't believe it was published in 1856, though.
Yes, she did. It is a fantasy novel. Do you like this genre?
I know they are part of the NFC South
I don't know much about football either I know that they are part of the National Football League as well.
I like basketball as well. I'm a fan of the Dallas Cowboys.
Yes, there is a sequel to Toy Story, which is also a Toy Story.
Yes, some of the notable actors are Jodi Benson, Jennifer Jason Leigh and Liam Neeson
I'm not sure about that, but Toy Story 3 is considered a Toy Story and a Toy Story 3. It is a Historical period drama!
Of course! I hope you like it!
Blake Griffin is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Do you like basketball?
I don't know much about basketball either. I guess he is from India.
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Sure, it was the first of the series written by Stephen King. The first is a series of books.
William Sanderson also starred in The Stand with Harrison Ford. Do you like Science Fiction movies?
John Lennon was in it as well. If you haven't seen it I should check it out.
Bood Diamond starred Robert Downey Jr., and Kate Winslet.
He was in What's Eating Gilbert Grape, The Wolf of Wall Street, and the infamous Titanic. Have you seen any of those, or would you like more recommendations?
Of course! "The Wolf of Wall Street" and "The Wolf of Wall Street" are two really good ones.
He has starred in Match Point, The Missing, and Welcome to Sarajevo. Have you seen any of those?
It's a romance film.
The Way is a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy!
Law Abiding Citizen is starring F. Gary Gary who directed The Italian Job which you might like.
Roger Bart starred in Law Abiding Citizen and Richard Portnow. Have you seen either of these movies?
Roger Bart also wrote The Mist, which is a psychological thriller and Psychological Thriller. Have you seen it?
The fifth element is written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Pallbearer.
The Matrix is a good one and stars Tom Hanks.
You're welcome
I am not, but I know she has written a song called pill and that she was born in Los Angeles.
I actually don't know any of her songs. I think I've heard some of her pop hits on the radio. She's very talented.
I like her too. I think she's very good!
Sure. He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that yet?
It was released in 2005. It is a children's literature that also falls into fantasy.
Yes, you're correct. I'm not sure of the translation. Anything else I can help you with?
She wrote The Red Tent, The Last Days of Dogtown, and The Boston Girl.
It is fiction. Do you like fiction?
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Dogtown
No problem
Sure! Are you into Crime Fiction?
It is a mystery/crime movie, do you like those types of movies?
It is a very good movie. Do you like dramas?
Sean Connery and Michael Fassbender.
You are welcome
No, I haven't. Do you mean the Science-Fiction written by Preston and directed by Roland Emmerich
It is a thriller I believe, do you like that kind of movie?
Yes, The Mists of Avalon is a good historical drama have you seen it?
Joaquin Phoenix starred in it and it was released in 1999
Sure, anything else?
Dream Dark and Beautiful Redemption are by this Author.
It's considered a Drama, similar to Zoe's Tale.
I'm not sure about that. I believe it's similar to Wicked Lovely.
Glad to be of help!
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
The Looking Glass Wars is a fantasy movie starring Leonardo DiCaprio. Have you seen that one?
Daniel Radcliffe starred in Dungeons & Dragons.
I'm glad I could help.
the wedding girl, Mirandas big mistake are some of them
She also wrote Wedding Night, Twenties Girl and The Undomestic Goddess.
Wedding Night is a Romance. Do you like romance novels?
Shopaholic, Baby is a great book!
Sure. She's author of some popular books including Graceling, Fire, and BittterBlue
Yes, it is a Romance novel
Do you like Voyager?
No problem
Yes A Tree Grows In Brooklyn was written by her.
No I believe it was released in 1943
No it was also released in 1943
I am a huge fan of the Belgium national football team. I don't know much about football.
Thanks for the info! I think he's really good.
My favorite baseball team is the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
My favorite team is the Red Sox. How about you?
Yes, he's an actor who starred in many movies. He's been in a lot of movies. Do you like him?
No, I haven't seen it, but I know it was written by Lee Unkrich, who also directed The Big Lebowski.
Yes, he directed Twixt, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
Yes i do one of them is Shackleton which is an action movie.
Matthew Macfadyen, and Kenneth Branagh also star in Shackleton.
It came out in 2002
He wrote Lord of the Flies. Have you heard of that book?
He wrote a series of books. Would you like to know more about the series?
If you are into thrillers, he also wrote a book called Shark Night.
No problem.
Sure, she wrote I Am Malala: The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban.
I would recommend Half Broke Horses: A True Life Novel by Sebash Dahl. It is a very good one.
No problem, have a great day!
Stan Lee is the main actor in the movie.
Yes he is. Emma Stone also starred in No Strings Attached.
Yes he did. Rashida Jones also starred in The Social Network.
You are welcome!
Yes, Chinua Achebe is the writer that wrote Things Fall Apart.
You might like the Witches Abroad or the War of the Worlds.
I have not seen that movie. It is starring James Franco, do you like his movies?
You are welcome have a good day.
Sure! Do you like thrillers?
Yes. Jamie Foxx starred in it, have you seen Desperate Hours?
You are welcome.
Sure, Mitch Alborn wrote Tuesdays with Morrie, have you read this one yet?
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre Psychological thriller
Tuesdays with Morrie has genres Memoir, Biography, and Biography. Do you like those genres?
The Matrix is written by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta. Is that something you might like?
It stars Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, and Jada Pinkett Smith.
I'm not a huge fan of Thrillers. I do enjoy Thrillers. Are you?
You should check it out. I like Echoes of Silence.
It looks like they were influenced by George A. Romero in that film
I like it. I think it was written by Josh Grisham. Are you familiar with his work?
Some of his thriller novels are Gone Girl, Unbreakable and The Pelican Brief. Have you read any of these?
The Cold Moon was released in 1971. It is a drama/fantasy film that was also turned into a film.
I'm not sure the genre is suspense but it is also considered a thriller and a suspense film.
I'm not sure about that but The Vanishing Man is in English.
You're welcome.
Green Eggs and Ham? As in the book written by Dr. Seuss?
Then you might also like There's a Wocket in My Pocket and The Sneetches and Other Stories.
I do. The Cat in the Hat and How the Grinch Stole Christmas are both really good.
You're welcome.
I love him! I especially enjoy his earlier music with Maroon 5
I do not know much about Maroon 5 but I have heard he is a great singer.
Yes, I like X Factor as well. Do you like him as an actor?
He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
Yes, it is Sci-Fi. Do you like that genre?
Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, that is written by Shakespeare. Do you like Shakespeare?
He also wrote Romeo and Juliet, A Midsummer Night's Dream, and Twelfth Night. Have you read any of these?
You might like Gnomeo & Juliet. Have you heard of that?
No problem.
Anthony Hopkins starred in Bobby, The Edge. Would you like to hear more of his movies?
Yes, Anthony Hopkins also starred in Bobbyel.
I do not have that information but if you like mystery you should check out The Incredibles.
Anthony Hopkins starred in Tropic Thunder as well as The Secret Life of Bees.
You are welcome
You might like Wizard and Glass and The Sandman: Endless Nights. My favorite is The Graveyard Book.
Yes, that's right. It's a fantasy film.
He was influenced by Stephen King, Tom Hanks, and Julie Kavner.
Yes, The Graveyard Book is considered Children's literature and Speculative fiction.
You're welcome!
It is a romance and stars Scarlett Johansson. Do you like romance films?
Scarlett Johansson is a romantic comedy released in 2005. She also stars in The Prestige. Have you seen that one?
Ok, i'll add them to your watch list.
Alright, I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
I'm glad I could help!
You're welcome!
Yes! It stars Vivica A. Fox and David Carradine and is an Action Film. You like Action?
Vivica A. Fox also starred in Why Did I Get Married, Have you seen it?
Yes, he is. He was also in Pulp Fiction and Grindhouse. Have you seen either of those?
I don't know much about them, but ther are owned by Amy Adams Strunk
I don't know much about him, do you follow any other sports?
I don't really care for that information. Do you want to know more information about him?
Sure! Robert Duvall starred in The Apostle, The Apostle, and The Apostle. Have you seen those?
Yes, he also wrote the Apostle. This was a great movie.
Of course, some more Indie films you might like are Zodiac, The Last Stand, and The House of Mirth.
Yes, she is a song writer and musician. She sings a Thousands years, very popular song.
No I didn't know that! And I know she is from Philadelphia.
yea he is a great Guitar player as well. do you like basketball?
that's great! What's your favorite basketball player?
I think he is a really good artist. I really like him in movies too!
i didn't know that! And, I know he had a romantic relationship with Cameron Diaz, I think.
I never heard of that one. Is it any good?
Yes, The Fellowship of the Ring is based on the book.
Yes, he was in The Good Doctor.
Christopher Lee was in The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers and The Return of the King.
The Battle of Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan, the next book in the series is The Titan's Curse.
I know that The Titan's Curse is a young adult fiction novel. Other books in this series are The Son of Sobek and The Son of Neptune.
Well, The Lost Hero is a good one. It's a by James Patterson.
You're welcome!
He directed The Simpsons Movie, are you familiar with that show?
He also directed The Simpsons Movie. He wrote and directed The Red Pony which is also a animated film.
Ok, you might like The Warrior's Way, The Manchurian Candidate, or The House of Mirth.
Enjoy it!
Jennifer L. Armentrout wrote Wicked which was released in 2014.
Yes, it is also a play.
No, another example would be Nicholas Cage. Wicked was released in 1995.
You're welcome.
Yes, Ms. Calvery wrote A Time to Love and Other Stories.
Anthony Hopkins also starred in Braveheart. Do you like his work?
It was released in 2008
You're welcome.
I do! He wrote The Bone Clocks and The Bone Clocks. Have you read any of those?
It is in the English language. Did you know that Stephen King wrote The Bone Clocks?
I don't have that information but I do know it is also a fantasy novel.
No problem!
Sure. He directed Super, which stars Rob Zombie and Zach Gilford.
Jason Statham and Brad Pitt are in Slither.
He also directed Superman which is a really good movie, you should check out.
I hope you enjoy
Sure, he wrote The Merchant of Venice and Much a do About Nothing. I can tell you a lot about Paul Werstine if you would like?
Yes, you are correct.
Yes. Gnomeo & Juliet was written by Ridley Scott.
Elysium is a action thriller staring Matt Damon. Do you like thrillers?
I see. The movie is not a sequel to Elysium. A similar movie is Zombieland.
He's been in a lot of movies, my favorites. He was in The Green Mile, which I liked him in the first one.
OK, have you seen Gravity?
ok
I believe his last album was released in 2016. Do you like him?
Yes, I am a few of the popular ones. You should check out The Assassination of Jesse James by the way.
I don't know any of his songs, but I'm familiar with Dreamworks.
Not really a fan of both of them. I'm more of a baseball fan.
Are you in to Chinese? Since most of his books are written in a weird language
Sorry I do not have that information
Its speculative fiction
I know that he is a Mixed Martial Artist with a specialty in Brazilian Ju Jitsu and played in the UFC 94!
Yes, he also plays for the Brazil national football team.
No, I don't think she's American. What sport does she play?
He wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes. This seems to be the first book to be released in 1987. If you like his work, he also wrote A Brief History of TIme: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Of course, Stephen Hawking wrote The Grand Design and The Universe in a Nutshell. Is there anything else I can help you with?
It also stars John Grisham and Tom Cruise. A couple of my favorite actors.
Have a good day.
I like his song New Perspective! What's your favorite song of his?
Is this the book that was written by Frances Mayes?
Under Magnolia was released in 2004.
Under Magnolia was released in 2004.
Brad Garrett starred in Underdog ,The Pacifier,The Country Bears and The Clockwork Girl among other movies
The Pacifier is a Thriller/Crime fiction movie, do you like those types of movies?
Underdog is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, do you enjoy crime or dramas?
The Escapist is a drama/mystery movie. It is starring Brad Pitt.
I'm not sure. I know he was in The House of God.
He wrote Thirteen Reasons Why and The Future of Us. Do either of those interest you?
Wildwood Dancing is a good one, have you read that one?
You got it. Under the Never Sky and Wicked Lovely are a couple of good ones.
It was released in 1981, the same year as The Hunger Games.
Awesome! I hope you enjoy.
City of Lost souls has a genre Fantasy and Adventure do you like these genres?
Yes, The Mortal Instruments was released in 2001.
The Bane Chronicles and The Shadowhunter's Codex.
You bet! I'm always happy to recommend Country of nationality.
The Historian has the genre suspense which includes The Last Templar and The Collector. Would either one of these interest you?
Gone Girl is another great suspense novel written by H.G. Wells. It is written by H.G. Wells, who also wrote The Last Templar and Without Fail.
I can definitely recommend Without Fail by Dick Hall. It is an excellent thriller.
You're welcome.
The Messenger is a similar one or The Mark of Athena.
Did you enjoy it because it was written by Tate Taylor or because it was a Romance?
Yes! He was also in Welcome to Sarajevo. Have you seen it?
It's a comedy-drama film and it's also a Thriller.
You're welcome!
Certainly. Didn't that movie star Robert Downey Jr.? If you like his movies, you might try The Avengers.
The genre is Thriller and Drama.
Yes, he is in it as well.
You are welcome.
Sure, Rupert Sanders directed Snow White and the Huntsman. Have you seen that?
Yes she did, she was also in Snow White.
Brothers Grimm wrote V for Vendetta, have you seen that?
You're welcome!
Yes, The Mark of Athena is a Greek mythology book written by Rick Riordan.
It was a good one. If you like young adult fiction, I would recommend The Sea of Monsters by Rick Riordan.
No problem. Enjoy!
I don't know much about music, is he a friend with Selena Gomez?
That's interesting, I had no idea. The Muppets was a musical like The Muppets.
Me too! That was a great movie. It also starred Ralph Fiennes, who is awesome!
I love her. Her music is very Influential but she is also a talented actress.
It's a really good movie with Will Smith. I loved him in it. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was. He was also in it as well. Michael Ealy was in it as well.
he wrote Terms of Endearment.
That's a great movie. I think you'd like A Walk in the Woods. Have you seen that one?
I've heard of it. It's a good movie.
Yes! Evan Goldberg directed The Interview. It is such a fun film. Have you seen it?
Great! You might also like her in Princess Protection Program. Have you seen that?
Yes, this is a fantasy, comedy and a comedy. I think you will enjoy it.
You are welcome enjoy!
I sure do. He's an author who wrote the Karate Kid. Have you heard of that one?
Yes, Sylvester Stallone also wrote The Shining, a film that was released in 2017. Have you seen it?
That one is starring Tom Hanks, Kenneth Nkosi and Jason Bateman, all great actors.
Yes, she is. She starred in The Cosby Show.
Any time!
Movies similar to Harry Potter include The Chronicles of Narnia and Beauty and the Beast
The Queen of Attolia is Fantasy
Yes, have you seeing Welcome to the Monkey House or The Beastmaster?
I am not sure, but the movie is based on the original book.
Yes, it is directed by J.K. Rowling
You are welcome
Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
Have you read anything by Jean M. Auel or The Valley of Horses?
The Shelters of Stone is a historical novel released in 1993. It is a novella, set in the steel towns of Stone.
You might also enjoy The Plains of Passage and The Last Colony.
You're welcome.
He starred in a lot of movies. I like his acting in Unforgivable Blackness and Underworld:Evolution. Are those appealing to you?
Unforgivable Blackness is a Sci-Fi movie starring Derek Jacobi and Courtney B. Vance
He sure did! He's a great actor. He also starred in The Wildest Dream and Wag the Dog.
That is correct. Keith Carradine also starred in the movie Lord of the Rings: The Lightning Thief
I know he is an athlete and plays cricket
No I am more of a football fan. I prefer American football and baseball. What about you?
I do. I like tennis better than most sports.
Yes, he is very good at tennis and is also a musician.
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
Oh Michael Jordan was a great actor. Who's your favorite actor? I like Space Jam.
I think Ivan Reitman was in Zombieland too.
Probably so, however their coach John Fox seems very effective.
Sure, Sea of Monsters was written by Rick Riordan.
It is speculative fiction and fantasy.
You might enjoy The Lightning Thief or The Lightning Thief
Have you read This Side of Paradise? It is written by F. Scott Fitzgerald.
It was originally published in 1987. Have you read it?
He has written The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, The Great Gatsby, and The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. Have you read any of those or see
You are very welcome! Enjoy!
Michael Crichton is not only an author but a film producer and director as well. He wrote the book Disclosure. Does this interest you?
I'm not sure. However, Michael Crichton is not only an author but he did write the movie Disclosure. Does that interest you?
Sure. Robin Cook is an American writer best known for his books The Art of Loving, have you read any of them?
You're welcome.
Well, Ratatouille was fun to watch! If you like animated films, The Incredibles and Ratatouille are great!
Yes he is. Jason Lee also starred in The Incredibles.
You are welcome!
Great Expectations: Pip's Name and Going Astray: Dickens and London.
I'm not sure, but it could be considered a biography.
The Mammoth Hunter, The King, and The Ramona and Her Father are some of his works
Sure, he composed You Need Me, I Don't Need You. Do you know it?
Yes, it is a very popular song by him.
Yes, he sings Stay with me and Not the only song by him.
I can tell you it is speculative fiction. It that a genre that interests you?
Sure! Do you like books written by Rosner and Hesse or speculative fiction genre in general?
George R. R. Martin wrote it. You might be interested in it.
He's a prolific writer. He has also written Seven Pounds, The Boy in the Striped Pajamas, and many others.
You're welcome!
Yes, I like it. The Two Towers is written by J.R.R. Tolkien.
Then you might also like The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October.
Yes, I agree, he is a very good writer. I liked him in The Good Doctor.
Robert Louis Stevenson wrote The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes. Do you like this genre?
Great! Arthur Conan Doyle wrote The Mystery Knight, The Complete Sherlock Holmes, and The Return of Sherlock Holmes. Are you interested in any of these books?
The genre is Mystery. Do you like mystery books?
Yes, The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes is a short story.
The Girl on the Train by Paula Hawkins. Are you familiar with her?
The Perfect Game was written by Jerry Bruckheimer.
The Girl on the Train was filmed there. I am not sure of any other films filmed in Mexico.
Yes, Sam Smith is a great Singer. I love his music
I like her fathers music
I do! I loved her in Elf!! Does she have solo music out?
Yes! He directed Three Kings. HE also directed the wonderful film I Heart Huckabees with Lily Tomlin and Dustin Hoffman.
No. Nora Dunn starred in Three Kings, have you seen it?
Do you like movies with George Clooney in them?
No problem, enjoy!
Sure, Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995. Do you like the book because of its story line?
Yes, it is also a play written by Christopher Bigsby
Yes, it is a drama, do you like drama?
I don't have any recommendations for other dramas, but I can recommend A Christmas Carol if you like drama.
Of course, I hope you enjoy it!
He starred in The Wrestler, The Thomas Crown Affair, The Fountain, and Scarface to name a few.
Yes, he starred in it as well.
Yes, she starred in The Wrestler, which is a Comedy.
No, I don't have any information on the Wrestler, but I can send you a reminder.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! He directed Legend of Tarzan and Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. Do you like dramas?
He has also starred in Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, which is considered a thriller. Do you enjoy that genre?
You're welcome! Anything else I can help with?
Sure. Joseph Heller wrote The Cloverfield. It's a thriller.
World Without End is similar. Have you read this one?
You're welcome!
Sure, Stefan Kapicic Starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
Sure, Stefan Kapicic is also in Deadpool. It is a sci-fi thriller and also stars Stefan Kapicic. Do you like Sci-Fi?
It is a sci-fi lead film, similar to X-Men 2.
Sure. Do you like the author J.K. Rowling? He wrote Them which is a Harry Potter book.
The Harry Potter series is on the same page as the Harry Potter series.
Yes, she wrote We Were Liars, The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks, and the Boyfriend List. Have you read any of those ?
It's in the English language, I'm not sure if it's in the English language. But the Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks is a good read.
You're welcome! Enjoy.
Interstellar starred Matthew McConaughey, Mackenzie Foy, and Anne Hathaway. It is a Sci-fi/adeventure, were you looking for more in that genre or more of that genre?
Other Sci-Fi movies are; Underworld: Evolution, Transformers, and Titanic. Do those sound of interest?
Another Sci-Fi movie you might like is X-Men: The Last Stand.
Sean Connery and Emmanuelle Seigner also star in this movie, it was released in 2013.
Cool! You might also like X-Men: The Last Stand, or World War Z.
I was told his song We Rode in Trucks is cool.
It's a pop music. Do you like country music?
It's a pop music. Do you like country music?
He directed Equilibrium a drama and Ultraviolet
Equilibrium is a drama. It also stars Emily Watson. Have you seen it?
Emily Watson was in a ton of things. Did you know she was also in Cold Creek?
No problem
He is a Scientist and he wrote The Verdict
I don't know any other books written by him but he is most famous for being a writer of the books
Crime is a crime fiction.
written by kiera cass?
Other books by Kiera Cass include The Siren, The Prince, and The One.
Hope you enjoy it!
Have a nice day
Waking Life. Waking Life is starring Nicky Katt I would recommend
Yes, it is a Romance. Do you like Romance films?
Sure, Enjoy the movie.
He directed Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
John Green wrote it. Are you interested in other books by him?
I can also recommend Paper Towns.
If you are looking for other books by John Green, you may want to read Paper Towns.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Good Will Hunting is directed by Matt Damon. Do you like dramas?
He actually did. He also directed Pretty Little Liars, which is an Indie film. Have you seen it?
Yep! He stars alongside River Phoenix. He's a great actor.
I definitely recommend The Secret Life of Bees, which is another great one.
Sure, he is the author of When You Are Engulfed in Flames as well as Santaland Diaries.
He's an author. He's written Davinci's Code which was also made into a film. It's a comedy. Do you like that genre?
apologize, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that he is also a scientist.
It was written by E. Lockhart in 2014.
Sure, E. Lockhart also wrote The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks, which was released in 2014.
It's a fictional picture of a world divided by Germany and Japan, victors of the second World War.
You're welcome!
Charles Frazier is an American novelist, critic, public speaker, essayist, and columnist. He writes in several genres but is known best for science fiction
Thirteen Moons has genre Speculative fiction. Would you like to know more about that?
Thirteen Moons was written by Charles Frazier. He also wrote Sixteen Moons.
You're welcome.
I may have heard them perform somewhere before but I can't really place them. Do you know what kind of music they play?
I think I heard it called You Need Me, I Don't Want This Night to End, to name a few. I think it's catchy a lot of music.
Yes. He's a great actor. He starred in Island of the Blue Dolphins which won a Newbery Medal.
He wrote Island of the Blue Dolphins which was released in 1960 and is also a writer.
Yes he did. Éric-Emmanuel Schmitt is a writer and a poet.
He, from China, is famous for his table tennis ability, which is awesome to watch.
Yes, he did. He is listed as a table tennis player.
No problem, can I help you with anything else?
Het Achterhuis: Dagboekbrieven 14 juni 1942 - 1 augustus 1944.
It appears to be in English.
Yes, Eleanor Roosevelt was married to Franklin D. Roosevelt.
You're welcome.
That was written by Nicholas Pileggi and Martin Scorsese. It stars Vincent Pastore, Vincent Gallo, Samuel L. Jackson and Robert De Niro to name a few. Do you like movies with those actors?
Goodfellas is a war film. Do you like movies starring Robert De Niro?
Have you seen The Lost City of Faar, it is a great movie.
What Just Happened is a movie starring Robert DeNiro.
Yes, it is. What Just Happened to Goodfellas is also written by Art Linson.
You're welcome!
Do you like this because it is a crime movie?
Natalie Portman stars in What Lies Beneath.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on the release date.
You are welcome.
The Boston Celtics is a basketball team coached by Doc Rivers and Brad Stevens. Do you like basketball?
Not really. Do you know anything about the Celtics?
I do like the Lakers. Who is the coach?
I'll have to check out one of his games!
Sure, he starred in the Pianist.
Yes that is where he is starring in it. Do you like him?
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
She wrote Tuck Everlasting, which is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
Yes, it would be considered children's literature so I would not be surprised if it would be good for older children.
Yes, it is considered a romance and similar to Wuthering Heights.
Enjoy!
Sure, do you like Stephen Chbosky movies?
You might enjoy The Patriot. That's a very good movie by Mark Gordon.
Yes, that is the one and only starred Tom McCarthy. Would you like to know about Tom McCarthy ?
Your welcome.
Sure! Basher Savage starred in Gravity, which is a thriller. Do you like that genre?
Gravity was released in 1994. He also directed Gravity: Particle: Neutrino.
Gravity was released in 2013. I don't have that information at the moment. However, I can tell you that Gravity was also released in 2013.
Sure. Zombieland and X-Men: First Class are both Sci-Fi films.
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
I don't like the Oakland Raiders. To be fair, I don't like the rowdy fans that go to Las Vegas. Are you a fan?
Oh wow, that's a pretty good team. Do you like the Raiders?
Yes, that's true. Do you like LA as well?
It is written by Christopher Nolan, and it's a thriller.
No, it starred Roger Rees, Hugh Jackman, and Christian Bale. Would you like more information on it?
Rebecca Hall has starred in WALL-E which is a horror film
No problem, would you like any more information?
Catch 22 is a war novel written by Joseph Heller.
No, it is a war novel. Do you like war novels?
There is a similar book called Closing Time. Would you like to hear about it?
You are welcome
P.C. Cast wrote a lot of thrillers including Redeemed, Tempted, and Revealed.
It is another romance novel, similar to Untamed: A House of Night Novel.
You are very welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
I have. It's a good book. Did you know A Tale of Two Cities is written by Richard Maxwell?
It is. It is also a film, similar to White Teeth.
You are correct. I will have to check that out.
You're welcome.
John Lasseter directed The Bone Clocks and Into the Wild. Have you seen either of these?
Cars 2 was released in 2004. It's a great movie!
I'm not sure, but Peter Jacobson has a voiceover role in the film.
Sure, no problem.
He is ok but I think his Spouse Hayden Panettiere is great
She's married to Hayden Panettiere. She starred in Scream 4 and A Bug's Life. I love those movies!
Yes, I agree. The Titans is considered a thriller and action film.
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
I like the Dallas Cowboys too. They're doing good this season. Do you have a favorite team?
I am not a huge football fan but I have to say I am a Redskins fan.
Was this the book written by Terry Pratchett? Or Neil Gaiman?
Yes that is correct. Terry Pratchett also wrote Wyrd Sisters
Some good Speculative Fiction books are Zoe's Tale, Xenocide, Wizard's First Rule, Wolf Brother
He is on the Golden State Warriors. Do you like basketball?
I think he is only a basketball player
Yes, he is very tall
No problem
Me too! Anthony Heald starred in The Silence of the Lambs as well as The Client.
Ted Tally wrote The Silence of the Lambs as well, which is a psychological thriller. Do you enjoy thrillers?
I would highly recommend The Silence of the Lambs, if you haven't seen it already.
Enjoy your movies!
The Transformers is a great action movie. Are you a fan of action movies like that one?
Yes, Shia Lebouf also starred in Revenge of the Fallen.
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy The Philadelphia Experiment or The Men Who Stare at Goats.
I do not know much about him, but I heard he is an athlete who plays basketball as a point guard.
Yes I am a fan of Lebron James.
Yes, they were all the runner ups in the 90s.
I don't know about Hush Hush but I can recommend you movies where Christoph Waltz starred.
Yes, it's a series. Spell of the Highlander is another one you might like
Yes it is, it is written by William Golding.
Okay, enjoy!
Thank you
A few things. He's from London and plays Golf most prominently.
That's interesting. I'm not much of a golf fan either. I like to watch some golf when he won the 2007 PGA Championship.
I have seen Happy Gilmore, it was a great movie.
The are a football team in the AFC East. Jimmy Buffett is part owner. Do you like the Dolphins?
Oh, I see. I'm not a big football fan either. Who's your favorite team?
Not really, the Dolphins are a big fan of theirs too! They are a team in the NFC South division, though.
Yes, he wrote Rayuela in 1963. Are you a fan of his work?
Rayuela was released in 1963; the same year that Way Station was released.
You're welcome.
I don't know much other than she is a singer. Is that who you mean?
Yes. Did you know she was in The Giver is a science fiction movie?
The Giver was written by Lois Lowry, who also wrote The Lorax. You may enjoy that one.
Are you talking about the book Looking for Alaska written by John Green?
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars and Paper Towns.
If you like fiction you should check out The Fault in Our Stars. It is also written by John Green.
No problem. I am sure you will like it. Enjoy!
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works
As a matter of fact he did. In Cold Blood was produced by Truman Capote. Would you like to know more about Murders ?
I have not seen it but I know it was influenced by Djuna Barnes and Truman Capote.
Sure, I do. Nathan Greno directed Tangled. Would you like to know more about this film?
That is correct! Mandy Moore is also in Tangled. Would you like to watch that one?
Absolutely! Katherine McPhee was in Tangled. She's a great actor.
You're right! Tim Allen was very famous in Toy Story 3. He was also in it as well.
Yes! He was also in Larry Crowne, and it was really funny.
Sure! You are very welcome.
Yes. It is a great thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Goonies is a great movie by Steven Spielberg. He also directed A.I. Artificial Intelligence. Have you seen it?
This movie was released in 2006. Would you like to know more?
Great choice! It starred Russell Crowe, Paul Bettany, Michael Abbott, Jr., and Judd Hirsch.
Sure, Russel Crowe also starred in Proof of Life. Have you seen that one?
He also starred in Zombieland. That's a good one.
You're welcome. Enjoy
Yes, it stars Marlon Brando as well as Isaac Hayes. Do you like him?
Robert De Niro directed The Scent of a Woman.
I'm not sure about that. I don't really know if he directed anything else.
Certainly! He has starred in films like Looking for Richard, The Recruit, and The Panic in Needle Park.
Witless Protection is an action film, that also has the genre of Thriller.
Sure! White House Down, We Were Soldiers, and Walking Tall all have received good reviews.
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo stars Al Pacino.
Glad to help!
Yes, isn't she a singer?
Anne-Marie is a singer like Paul McCartney. You like music?
Some of her albums are Girl with a Pearl Earring, Rushmore, Angelina Jolie, Jack and Anne-Marie.
I'm not, but I know they are very old music. I am more of a Linkin Park fan though.
I personally enjoyed their song One Step Closer. What is your favorite song?
They're pretty dynamic. I prefer rock, like Ozzy or Metallica. What type of music do you like?
Yes. Craig T. Nelson starred in movies like Wag the Dog, The Devil's Advocate, and The Devil's Advocate.
He was also in the Psychological horror film, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. Are you familiar with it?
He was in Ratatouille, too. You might like that one.
Yes, he was in that as well as The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou.
That's a good Family Stone. She also starred in Willard advetures in the Movie.
Sure! You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, Sylvia Plath wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath.
Yes, The Journals of Sylvia Plath was released 1938.
Writings of Sylvia Plath, Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson, and Ariel fall into that genre.
I'm not sure what one, but I do know he was in a relationship with Michael Jackson. He was so talented!
No, I am not familiar with it either. But it's a really good Psychological thriller.
Yes, it's a drama, starring John Lennon.
Sure, I can tell you he directed Deadpool. Have you seen that?
Deadpool is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
I do not have any information on that directed Zoolander, sorry.
No problem, enjoy!
He wrote II Principe
Il Principe was also written by Niccolo Machiavelli. He was also a musician!
Il Principe was also written by Niccolo Machiavelli. He was also a musician!
Il Principe was also written by Niccolo Machiavelli. He was also a musician!
Sure. He wrote The Egyptian and The Charge of the Light Brigade. Are you a fan?
I'm sorry. It was released the same year as The Phantom Menace, in 1973.
It is written in English.
She wrote The Temple of My Familiar, and The Color Purple
The novel is fiction and historical fiction, the Color Purple is fiction. Do you like fiction?
The Color Purple is a musical, if you like musicals, you should watch it.
Oh that starred Christopher Nolan
I do not have that information right now
Absolutely, Enjoy
The soccer player? I heard he is good. He is fourth-most goals scored of all time in the European Cup and UEFA Champions League.
Wow that's interesting. Thanks for the info!
I like them too. My favorite team is Manchester United F.C.
The Scarlet Letter is a historical novel written by Marissa Meyer. You might like The Princess Bride.
He wrote The World According to Garp.
The World According to Garp is The Cider House Rules.
It was released in 1979.
You're welcome!
He is a singer-songwriter. Do you like his music?
Princess Mononoke is really cool. I like her as well. She was also in The Hunchback of Notre Dame
It was produced by Ron Clements and released in 1996. It is an Action/Adventure film.
Of course! Enjoy!
Sure, lead starred in Ocean's Thirteen which is a drama and a action film similar to Ocean's Thirteen is Ocean's Thirteen.
The Fight Club is a drama and starring Brad Pitt. It is a triller, do you like that genre?
I don't know about a comedy but I would say its drama/fantasy.
Brad Pitt is probably the most known for his roles in the film 'The Warriors of Brewster Place - if you haven't seen it.
You're welcome.
It's a romance and a biography. Do you like biographies?
Simon McBurney also starred in Days of Blood & Starlight. Have you seen either of these?
Yes, it is! It is considered a Romantic film and a Romantic film.
Yes, Harbhajan Singh is an athlete that plays cricket for the Mumbai Indians.
Do you like football or basketball?
That's a interesting fact, I believe he was from India.
I agree! Lakers is a great team. The Los Angeles Lakers were runner-up in the Super Bowl XLI. You should check it out.
Mike Brown is a good coach. I think he is a good  coach
Yes, Holes is a book for young adults and was written by Louis Sachar. It was released in 1942.
Wayside School is Falling Down is written by Louis Sachar. He also wrote small steps.
Another book Holes is Very Young Adult Fiction. It was written by Louis Sachar.
I know that he plays basketball for the Golden State Warriors. He plays both positions shooting guard and point guard.
I'm not sure, but he's also a point guard for the Golden State Warriors.
They are all basketball movies. The only one I know is The Warriors.
You're welcome!
Ethan Suplee starred in Vulgar
Vulgars XXX is a 2001 American Psychological thriller film. Kevin Smith also starred in The Pillars of the Earth.
Sure. Vulgar is a 2008 American Drama Film directed by Kevin Smith. It is a very good film.
Sure, he is a writer, actor, and actor. He starred in The Stepford Wives and The Magician, as well.
Absolutely, I am always here to help. Enjoy the movie!
I have heard of it but I don't know much about it. Do you like soccer?
I do not like soccer, but i heard he plays for Manchester United F.C.
I haven't read it, but I know it's written by Terry Goodkind. It's considered High Fantasy. It was released in 1994.
List out the books that are written by Terry Goodkind are Wizard's First Rule and Witches Abroad.
I believe it is a romance novel.
Yes. Nineteen Eighty-Four is written by George Orwell. It is a Utopian Fiction. Do you like that genre?
It is a Biographical novel. Do you like that genre?
I don't know if he wrote a fiction novel, but he wrote Nineteen Eighty-Four.
I am not sure of the genre but I know he wrote Happy Reading!
Sure, enjoy the books
It is a fiction novel.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you.
I think he is/was a NFL player. I don't know much about him.
OMG, I love their team! Do you like football?
I like Stephen Gostkowski. He's with the Patriots now. Do you like Stephen Gostkowski? He's a great quarterback.
Yes I do. He is a celebrity boxer.
Yeah, I'm not sure. I don't really follow boxing much. Who's your favorite?
Oh I did not know that. I think I may have heard of him.
Are you interested in books by H.G. Wells? He wrote The War of the Worlds.
C.S. Lewis, it is in the Science Fiction genre.
I would categorize them as well as Speculative Fiction
If you liked Twilight, you might like Vampire Academy, Sunshine, Hush hush, The Wicked Deep
For sure! I love that one, I think you will like The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen that one?
Of course. The movie was released in 2008 and stars Steve Buscemi and Rip Torn. It's an adventure film.
Great. I think you'll enjoy the film as well.
Andrew Garfield starred in The Social Network and The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you seen those?
No. The Amazing Spider-Man is a historical fiction starring Andrew Garfield. It is a great movie.
No, she did not. I am not sure about that. I do know she is a musician as well.
Sure. It's a self-help book written by Dale carnegie. Similar books are The magic of Thinking Big and The Happiness Project.
The Business of Life is a good book that was written by Dale Carnegie.
He also wrote How to Win Friends and Influence People.
You're welcome!
Do you like the New York Yankees?
Jack Reacher is a mystery/Thriller movie starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more?
Jack Reacher is a psychological thriller starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more about Jack Reacher?
Shark Night also stars Kyla Pratt and Dustin Milligan.
No, I haven't heard his music but I know that he is very talented, he is a songwriter too.
Yes, he is a Musician and musician. Do you like him?
I don't do any of his songs. However, I know he is from Cuba. You should check out Some of his songs.
Are you a fan of animated films? If so I would recommend The Incredibles.
Sure, I recommend The Incredibles and Ratatouille. Both are great movies!
You're welcome!
Steve Buscemi is also in it, do you like him?
Have you seen Girl with the Dragon Tattoo? It's a Crime Thriller.
It stars Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Great, I'll add them to your list.
Was this book written by Paula McLain?
No, I haven't, but I heard it was a good read.
Ciricling the Sun was released in 2003!
No, it is not in English, but it was released in English.
I don't know much about her but, I know she's a singer who appeared on American Idol. Do you like her?
I like Piece by Piece. Thank you for the recommendation.
As well as Kelly and Aiken, she has a very good voice. I wonder if she does her own songs.
Yes, I prefer reality TV. Have you ever watched American Idol?
Do you like City of Fallen Angels because its written by Cassandra Clare?
If you enjoy that story, you might also enjoy The Looking Glass Wars. It's written by Frank Beddor.
The Iron Trial and The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass. They're both good.
No problem! Enjoy.
Yes. Terry George has directed Hotel Rwanda, starring Sophie Okonedo and Joaquin Phoenix. He is quite a director!
It is an historical drama.
Alicia Keys starred in The Other Boleyn Girl.
Yes, The Other Boleyn Girl is a Psychological Thriller.
Sure! The Other Boleyn Girl is a Science Fiction Film, similar to The Box, which is also a film.
I am not sure who stars in The Other Boleyn Girl. However, I can tell you The Other Boleyn Girl.
Absolutely, Franz Kafka wrote The Castle as well as Amerika
The Castle is a fantasy novel that was released in 2003. It's about a novelist who runs a Monday night movie club and is confronted by a ghost.
My data has it listed as a Fantasy, Fiction, and Children's Literature. Is that something you'd like?
You're welcome!
Steven Spielberg directed Maleficent, starring Hugh Dillon. Have you seen it?
Catch Me If You Can has genre Crime and drama. Do you like those genres?
Sure! Paula Hawkins wrote Man's Search for Meaning which was also written by Paula Hawkins.
Yes it was, you are right and the movie was directed by Paula Hawkins
No problem
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren, The Queen, and The Prince. Are you a fan of hers?
The Siren is fantasy novel. I highly recommend it!
If your niece is into Fiction then this is a good one! I highly recommend!
Sure, The Modern Prometheus is written by Percy Bysshe Shelley and Percy Bysshe Shelley. It was released in 1847.
Percy Bysshe Shelley is a Percy Bysshe Shelley's husband and he also wrote The Last Man.
He was also in The Sum of All Fears, and The Secret Life of Bees.
Love & Friendship is one of her great movies.
Yes, Paper Towns was written by John Green, is a young adult fiction/ mystery and was released in 2008.
I have. Are you familiar with The Fault in Our Stars?
I think he is a good basketball player. How about you?
Oh yes he is a good player. Do you know what is the team?
Yes he does. I think he is a good basketball player. What other sports do you like?
The Scorch Trials was written by James Dashner. It's a young-adult fiction movie, do you like this genre?
Yes, Way Station is a great book.
Yes I have. Would you like me to add it to your favorites?
Of course! X-men is an action movie, and a sci-fi flick, but I get the feeling you're more interested in the superhero factor of it?
Rick Riordan starred in this movie. If you like Sci-Fi you might also like X-Men: The Last Stand. Have you seen it?
Yes, Volcano stars Tom Cruise and Kevin Dillon. It is a Crime Fiction Film. Do you like those kind of movies?
I would! It's a great drama written by both Craig Pearce and Baz Luhrmann.
Yes, both were in it as well! Do you like his acting?
It appears that the male lead in Missy Eliote, who was in it, isn't her?
You're welcome
I know he play soccer for the Real Madrid C.F. from Portugal. You like soccer
Not really. I am more of a American Football fan. What about you?
I am more of a Football fan. What is your favorite sport?
Then I do love American football. What is your favorite sport?
I am not a big soccer fan so I only know about the redskins. Who is your favorite team?
Oh yes they will be in the superbowl. I hope they do.
Sure he starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wildest Dream.
Sure, Scarface is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Have you seen Safe House? It is another crime/thriller in that case.
Yes. Rodney Dangerfield also starred in The Matrix Revisited.
Great, Enjoy!
Sure, he wrote Little Miss Sunshine starring Paul Dano.
What else can you tell me about Little Miss Sunshine?
That one was released in 2003.
You're welcome.
Yes, Jason Derulo is in a relationship with Jordan Sparks and he is a sing/songwriter. Do you lik his music?
I do, I like his music a lot. I'm more of a classic rock person. What's your favorite?
Yes, I know she is a good one.
Certainly! What Alice Forgot is written by Liane Moriarty and was released in 2009. Are you interested in her books?
It was released in 2014. Yes Liane Moriarty also wrote Three Wishes, which is a biography.
That was a great book. The next one in the series is Speaker for the Dead. Do you like science fiction?
Speakers of the Dead is a Speculative fiction and Speaker of the Dead is part of a series.
George A. Romero wrote Waylander. Are you a fan of his?
you are welcome
Sure, do you like Aladdin because it is a comedy?
James Franco is the director of Princess and the Frog.
Sure, anything else I can help you with?
I sure do! She starred in The Muppets and the Muppets a musical comedy. Do you like her acting?
Probably. She has a new movie Edge of Glory in the 1980's
She was only in The Muppets, I think it was a great movie. You like action movies?
Coldplay is a band with Chris Martin as the lead vocal. Do you like their music?
Ok, you might like Yellow too. I've heard it's really good!
Yes! That was indeed.
Sure, I can help! He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen that?
He has starred in The House of Mirth, The Invisible Man, and The Box.
Yes she is. She also starred in X-Men: First Class.
No problem
Kahil Gilbran is probably the most known for writing The Amazing Spider Man. Have you heard of it?
Speculative Fiction. what else can i do for you?
The Prophet was released 2008 what else can i do for you?
you are welcome
I sure do! He's married to Cameron Diaz. Do you like her?
Sure, a few of his songs that are popular are Yuvraj Singh, Little Miss Sunshine, and Yogi Bear. Do you like his music?
That is all I know about him is that he's signed with Jessica Biel.
Yes, he is a great writer! He wrote The Little House Collection. Have you read this?
The book is in the genre of speculative fiction
It was released in 2004
Is that a genre you enjoy?
Wolverine is a thriller, so you may like The Life Before Her Eyes and Jack Reacher? Have you seen those?
Rise of the Guardians is a Thriller
He also wrote Rise of the Guardians.
He has also starred in Unstoppable and X-Men 2.
The movie Red stars actors and actresses Morgan Freeman.
He has starred in The Bodyguard, The Black Dahlia, and The Black Dahlia. Do you like any of these?
If you like drama, you might also enjoy The Crucible. Have you seen that?
I don't have any more information on that author, but he is a very good actor.
Great choice, the movie Shooter was written by Stephen Hunter and starring Tate Donovan.
Shooter is starring Ned Beatty, Laurie Metcalf, and Hugh Jackman.
Yes, he did. Jason Statham and Liam Neeson are also in that film.
I hope you like it!
Do you enjoy crime fiction?
To Kill a Mockingbird is a really popular one, have you seen it?
Do you know Eric Bress?
Of course, Maleficent is a fantasy movie. Would you like to know more about it?
Sure, she also starred in Sweet Home Alabama. Have you seen that one?
Yes! She was in it as well. Have you seen it?
Yes. That was a good movie, you should watch it.
Agreed! He was also in The House of the Seven Gables with Stephen Fry. Have you seen that one?
He plays for a Germany national football team. Do you like soccer?
Yes he plays the Midfielder and he is also a forward as well.
He's a Midfielder and forward as well.
I know he play soccer for the Real Madrid C.F. from Portugal. You like soccer
No I am not sure. I do know that he is a player from Spain.
Yes, he is also a Midfielder.
The Fellowship of the Ring is a fantasy movie. Would you like to hear about other films in that genre?
Yes, John Travolta is in Edge of Tomorrow.
A similar movie is The Outsiders, and The Power of Six. You might like those.
Yes, and Emma Stone too. I think you'll like The X-Men: Days of Future Past.
I will be glad to help. Enjoy the movie.
That is a good movie starring Zooey Deschanel
I like romantic comedies. I also like Elf!! Does that sound good?
I like murder mystery, but if you haven't seen To Kill a Mockingbird. That one is really good!
I haven't seen Pacifier, is it a thriller?
Yes, she wrote Beautiful Redemption and Beautiful Darkness, which are young adult fiction. Do you like this genre?
You might also enjoy "Out" written by Zack Snyder. It's also a romance.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it was adapted into a film.
I am not a fan of the Yankees. They are in the American League which is the same as the Baltimore Orioles which is my favorite team!
He's from United States of America.
The movie Zookeeper was directed by Spike Jonze. Do you like Spike Jonze?
I can't remember who produced it, but I know Michael Pavone wrote that film.
He also produced Assault on Precinct 13, starring Tom Hanks.
I'm not sure about that. I do know that Tom Everett starred in this movie.
I'm not much of a baseball fan, but if you like comedy you should check it out.
Do you want to have more information on that movie?
Yes, Good Will Hunting is starring Matt Damon, Matt Damon, Matt Damon and many others. Do you like dramas?
Yes, Robin Williams starred in it as well.
No I have not I have heard of those movies.
You're welcome!
Yes, I do like them. They are owned by M Denise Debartolo York and they were the runner-up in super bowl XLVII
I like Joe Montana. I like the New York Giants though, he was a wide receiver.
Yes, I like the Steelers, he was a good QB but my favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks.
Do you like Thorn Birds because it is a drama?
The Women of Brewster Place was written by Philip K. Dick. It's a Speculative fiction book.
I don't have that information. But I know she is a scientist and from England.
She also starred in The Princess and the Frog.
Sounds good. You will like it.
Sure! Dark Lover is speculative fiction novel written by J.R. Ward. It has a vampire them. Do you like that genre?
That's right, it was also released in 2005. That was the same year that Bird Box was released.
That's a great choice. You should give The Mist or The Kill Order a try. That also came out in 2005.
You might enjoy Virtual Light also written by J.K. Rowling.
Certainly! I hope you enjoy.
Shelley Duvall starred in Twilight of the Ice Nymphs
Yes, it was directed by Ridley Scott. It also directed and produced by him.
I would recommend The Walking Dead if you haven't seen it.
Enjoy.
Oliver Hirschiegel starred in The Invasion and Downfall
Christopher Nolan was in that movie. It was directed by Daniel Henney.
She also starred in Conviction of the Body Snatchers.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He is an American professional basketball player for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association.
Cadillac Records is one of my favorites. He has starred in The Mask of Zorro which is a romantic comedy.
I think she's a great singer. Did you know she starred in Men in Black 3?
No, I haven't seen it yet. I think I will check it out.
The Muppets also had Will Smith. I believe it was a comedy. But, I'll have to check it out.
You may like Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you seen that?
Sure. Essential Readings for the Non-believer is an autobiographical novel by Christopher Hitchens. It was released in 1865.
I don't know any other writers of this genre but Victor J. Stenger wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
You are welcome.
The Hunger Games starring Billy Boyd and Stone of Destiny also starring Billy boyd
Well he acted in The Good Doctor and Troy. Have you seen any of these?
He starred in The Return of the King, have you seen that one?
You're welcome.
Yes, She is a poet, author. She wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath. Have you heard of this book?
I am not a big golf fan but I do know he's from the United States of America. Do you like him?
I do like Caddyshack but I haven't seen Happy Gilmore before. I know Adam Sandler is in it, right?
That's a good one. I liked Hot Tub Time Machine too.
He directed The Butterfly Effect starring William Lee Scott.
I'm not sure if that book is a film, but The Butterfly Effect is considered a psychological thriller.
You are welcome.
Sure, do you like it because it is written by Tim Burton or because it is a thriller?
The Pelican Brief was written by Jodi Picoult, who also wrote The Rainmaker.
If you like Crime Dramas, I recommend X-Men: First Class.
Sure, do you like Valerie Tian?
You might enjoy The Truth About Forever, or Wicked Lovely.
Yes, it is a comedy-drama film.
Natalie Portman stars in the movie and she's great in it.
Bradley Cooper was in The Words, a mystery thriller.
No, but you might like The Warrior's Way, is a comedy too
The Light Between Oceans is one book.
Yes it was released in 2012 and is a drama/fantasy film. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Yes you would like X-Men 2 or World Without End. Are you a fan of either?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure! Sense and Sensibility was also written by Jane Austen.
George R. R. Martin wrote Lullaby.
I don't have any information on anything else he wrote, but I can tell you he is also a teacher.
Great choice, the movie Shooter was written by Stephen Hunter and starring Tate Donovan.
Well, if you liked it, you might also enjoy The Incredibles. Have you seen that one?
He was in The Dark Knight, which is a really good film, if you like Peter Gallager.
While You Were Sleeping has a genre of Historical period drama.
Rocky is a Horror film. Do you like any other movies in the genre?
You might like The Matrix Revolutions also written by Sylvester Stallone.
Undisputed is an action film and it was released in 2001.
You're welcome!
Yes, At the Water's Edge is similar to Water for Elephants.
Then you might like Pretty Little Liars, which is a historical period drama.
Yes, The Age of Innocence was released in 1981. It's a good book.
You're welcome.
I didn't know he was in Los Angeles recently. I think he was a good basketball player.
I am not a big basketball fan. I do know Stephen Curry was in the London 2012 Summer Olympics. Who is your favorite?
I agree. I admire the sport.
Oh wow, what is your favorite team? I watch it from time to time/
Sure! The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time by Mark Haddon, has genre Mystery. Do you like mystery novels?
He also wrote The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time, which is a mystery. Do you like mystery novels?
The Godfather, starring Al Pacino, was a drama. Do you want similar movies also produced by Robert Evans?
Yes, it is a very good movie.
Apocalypse Now is a good movie. Apocalypse Now is a classic.
The Godfather Part II is a great movie. Apocalypse Now is a classic.
I'm not much of a fan of Gloria Stewart. What about you?
Sure, have you watch The Avengers or The House of the Seven Gables?
Ok. Wildcats with Goldie Hawn is a classic.
He's actually a Parody movie. He's also a writer and a film producer.
You are very welcome.
Sure, Meg Cabot wrote Le cosmicomiche. Italo Calvino also wrote Underworld, Twilight and White Night.
Underworld: Evolution is the genre sci-fi.
I don't know any other books by her but I do know it was released in 2012.
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
If you like thrillers, you might like Animal Kingdom. It's a Crime Fiction Film.
William Steig starred in War. He's a great actor! If you like his movies, I recommend X-Men: Days of Future Past.
I'm not sure but I can recommend other action films if you'd like.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Have you seen the Winnie the Pooh animated film? I'm not familiar with those.
Yes, Craig Ferguson starred in Brave, How to Train Your Dragon and How to Train Your Dragon 2
It was released in 1974.
No but I heard Simona Halep plays tennis.
Oh I see. I don't know much about tennis but I do know that Simona Halep is from Russia.
Wow what do you think of Venus or Serena?
Yes, I do like them. They are owned by M Denise Debartolo York and they were the runner-up in super bowl XLVII
Oh, I liked Tuesday Night Football. It was a nice comedy. Do you like comedies?
I believe the title is "Traffic". Would you like to hear more about that?
127 hours is a Thriller, other Thrillers that you may enjoy are The Assassination of Jesse James by the same author.
127 hours is a war film. Aside from being a writer, he is also a screenwriter and actor, he was in The Incredibles.
1-3 is a war film. He was also in Spider-Man 2 and The Incredible Hulk.
Yes I do! It is written by Robert D. Siegel, starring Marisa Tomei. It is a Romance film.
It's a drama
Your welcome!
Isn't he the guy who is the captain for the India National Cricket Team?
Actually, I prefer American football, do you know any other sports?
I heard Joss Whedon stars in the movie Remember the Titans
Sure, it falls into the fantasy genre. Is that what you're looking for?
You might also enjoy The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. It's part of the series.
I believe it was a fiction novel.
No problem. Enjoy.
Sure! J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Where The Wild Things Are. Both are very good books.
Yes, Peter Pan is a Children's literature book. Another good one is To Have and Have Not, have you read that one?
Yes, I can recommend The Golden Compass and The Looking Glass Wars.
Sure, I'm sorry I don't have any more information on that one.
Sure, The Sea Wolf is a young-adult fiction book.
Sure! The author of The Sea Wolf is J.M. Barrie.
I am not familiar with him but he wrote Paccka3bl N TLobectN.and Eecbl.
If you like Eecbl, you may like We Were Soldiers, it was also written by Richard Pevear.
It's in the genre of Science Fiction and Psychological Thriller.
The Cabin in the Woods is written by Drew Goddard, would you like to know more about it?
I do not have that information but I can tell you it was written by Walter Hill.
Yes it is. Do you like Ty Olsson?
Ok. I'll add it to your list. Enjoy!
Is it the Sci-Fi drama that you like or the Adventure?
Do you like that movie because it's a fantasy?
Yes he wrote and directed The Lost World: Jurassic Park
Yeah i also like X-Men: The Last Stand and World War Z
That's true. A Scanner Darkly was released in 2006
I recommend aving Mr. Banks.
Well I'd recommend X-Men 2 or World Without End. I love those Biographies!
I'm sorry, I don't have that information for that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome, enjoy!
She is very talented and an all around performer. I like her sister Serena better.
No I do not but I know Venus is also a member of the WTA singles.
Serena has a double name as well.
Sure, it is a great movie. It is starring Ryan Reynolds one of my favorite actors.
Certainly! Woman in Gold is a romantic comedy and The Proposal is a superhero film. Do you like romantic comedies?
Yes, Scarlett Johansson also stars in The Other Boleyn Girl. I haven't seen it yet, I will check it out.
Do you like Hugh Jackman? He is in this movie.
Sure. It was directed by Rick Riordan. Do you like Thrillers?
Nick Cassavetes and Emma Stone are in it.
It came out in 2007.
Yes, it was a great Superman Returns. Do you like Superman Returns?
Comedy/drama. Do you like comedies?
yea he did. You've Got Mail is a great movie.
Yes he is, I like him too.
I'll add that to your watch list.
Your welcome.
It is a thriller written by Dan Brown. Do you like this author or you like thrillers?
you have The Truth About Forever, The Time Traveler's Wife. what else can i do for you?
oh ok i would suggest to read Red Storm. what else can i do for you?
Sure! I love that one, too. I would recommend X-Men 2.
Yes, it is also a movie , I would recommend The Long Kiss Goodnight.
The Wide Window is a Drama, Thriller and Drama, is that what you were looking for?
ok. Enjoy the movie!
Yes, you are correct. Daniel Handle was a screenwriter as well.
No problem, enjoy!
Great, have a good day!
I haven't read that one, is it a science fiction or speculative fiction?
The Fiery Cross is a popular one that she has written. Have you read that one?
I'm not sure if she has any other books but I do know that she is from Canada.
No I don't but I'm sure the series is the first book.
I have heard he is a great football player, do you know who he is?
Not really. I don't follow football much. How about you?
Yes I liked Ryan Gosling. I think he was one of the best in that movie.
Roland Emmerich directed The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Are you into Action/Adventure Films.
That would be considered a sci-fi film.
I don't know, but I do know he starred in X-Men: First Class.
Apparently Wyatt Earp was directed by Jim Irsay.
I love Madonna! But not just her music, I love her movies too. Are you a fan of hers?
John Savage is a pretty good singer. Any other questions I can help you with?
Thrillers are my favorite. He's a lot of friends with Snoop Dogg.
They're a good NFL AFC East, team, but I'm from the Midwest, so I like the Packers.
I'm not a big football fan myself. Are they a good team?
I know that their former quarterback Mark Sanchez is famous for fumbling a football off another player and another team wins the Super Bowl.
He wrote Snatch and , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels.
Sure. The movie is based on a novel of the same name written by Charles Dickens. It was released in 2017.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
I'll add it now. Enjoy the movie.
Its a south korean boy band. Are you a fan?
I haven't heard much of her music. Are they good?
Oh cool, I'll have to try it out. Thanks for the info!
Well he starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
Yes, he is! Are you a fan of his?
He's friends with Snoop Dogg. They are both rappers. Have you heard of him?
I think he is. I also like Snoop Dogg. I think he is a friend with Dr. Dre. Dre. I think he did voice work on The Wash that he was in.
Yes, he did! It's a really good movie, if you'd like to watch it, I think you'll really enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Shelley Duvall starred in Time Bandits. Do you like comedies?
Time Bandits was released in 2003 and is a drama/fantasy film. Do you like those types of movies?
It is a Drama/Comedy. It is also part of a series of movies.
I don't have any more information on Time Bandits. However, Alice was also in The Mask and Django Unchaine.
Donna Tartt wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read them before?
I believe it's a novel. She wrote The Little Friend and The Goldfinch.
She wrote The Little Friend and The Goldfinch.
It's a drama and I think you should give it a try.
Yes, Michael Bay starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader, The Silver Chair, and many more. Would you like to know more about those?
I don't know much about it, only that it is an action film. Have you seen it?
That's correct. Do you like Dwayne Johnson? He was in Mystic River.
Another one with Dwayne Johnson is You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger.
I think I've heard about him...does he play Cricket for the Mumbai Indians?
I don't actually. I know a bit about cricket, do you like cricket?
Yes, I do like American football. What's your favorite team?
Well I hope the Eagles win again that's another team that I like. What do you think?
She starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wild Life.
Absolutely! She was in Adventures in Baby Saga, a comedy. It was really funny.
I'm not sure but The Golden Compass stars Jim Carrey. Are you familiar with his work?
I'll have to check it out. Enjoy!
Audrey Niffenegger wrote The Time Traveler's Wife andHer Fearful Symmetry. Have you read either of those ?
It is a satire and adventure film.
Stanlee was written by J.K. Rowling.
Sure! Jorja Fox starred in both "Memento" and "Skin Trade." Would you like more information about one of these?
Yes, Jorja Fox wrote the movie Memento. She also starred in the movie 8 Mile.
He wrote The Dark Knight, which is a Psychological thriller.
Certainly! Have a great day.
They are a strong team in the NFL. Their coach Mike McCarthy is really talented. I wonder if they will make the Super Bowl this year.
My favorite team is the Washington Redskins, that's my favorite team too.
I see. I'm not sure about that. Who is their quarterback again?
I don't think that's all this year. Who is their head coach?
He has written some good books, would you like to know a few of them?
Yeah, that is a great book. Did you know Victor is also a Picasso and John Lennon?
I'm sorry, I don't have any similar books, but Victor Hugo wrote Vanishing Acts.
I am also a HUGE Deadpool fan. Check out Star Trek: First Contact and X-Men.
I'm not sure, but it's written by Douglas Adams, who also wrote X-Men 2.
Deadpool is based on a Marvel comic of the same name. Deadpool was directed by Ryan Reynolds and released in 2016.
Sure, no problem!
Absolutely! Have a great day!
Isn't he a forward on the Belgium national football team?
Soccer is my favorite team. What about you?
Thanks for the info!
Yes she is, I love her movies! She starred in Princess Protection Program and Ramona and Beezus
Yes, I have seen him in that movie. Do you like his movies?
I haven't seen it, but I'll check it out. Enjoy!
It's a great film. If you like action films, you might also like the movie True Grit.
How about Will Ferrell's other movies?
Great choice, it was released in 2007 and is an action/drama. Do you like that genre?
Sure! The Tragedy of Macbeth was written by William Shakespeare and released in 1606. That is also the same year as the release of The Trageth of Macbeth.
It was written by William Shakespeare.
It's considered a historical fiction.
He did. He was influenced by Romeo and Juliet.
Sure, he directed The King's Speech, Les Miserables, and Les Miserables. Do you like the movies he does ?
Kings Speech was rated PG and PG-13. The King's Speech was rated PG. do you like historical fiction?
The Kings Speech was released in 2012
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
I don't know much about the Panthers. I think they were runner ups in the XXXVIII.
Oh i didn't know that! I've heard they were runner ups in Super Bowl XLVIII.
Yes, it stars Nicolas Cage and John Travolta. Are you a fan of either?
I like her as a singer. Did you know she was a designer as well?
Battleship with Taylor Kitsch also stars in it. Do you like his acting?
I highly recommend it. It is a great movie.
Yes, he is a singer-songwriter. Do you like his music?
He plays cricket and is married to Mirka Federer. Do you like tennis?
Great, I agree with you on that.
No, I haven't but it seems to be a Johnny Depp film and probably I should. Do you prefer films starring Johnny Depp?
Yes he was, and he also wrote The Rum Diary. I hope you enjoy it.
I have not seen that. I do know he was in Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas.
I haven't seen Ride Along 2 yet, will i be ordering it for you.
Are you looking for other books written by J.K. Rowling?
He wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard. Have you read that?
Juraissic is an animated film. Do you like Thrillers?
The Toy Story is also a science fiction movie, have you seen it?
Yes, she was, along with X-Men Origins: Wolverine, are you aware of this?
X-Men Origins: Wolverine, X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and X-Men: First Class. It also stars Hugh Jackman
Other adventure films are; Wolverine, Man on Wire, and Titanic
Not at this time ,But I can recommend some other adventure movies X-Men
I would recommend Wizard and Glass and The Sandman: Endless Nights. My favorite is The Graveyard Book.
Yes, it was. It is a speculative fiction novel.
Yes, he also wrote The Stand, which was released in 1997.
Enjoy!
Yes. And that was written by Winston Groom
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional American football franchise based in Tampa, Florida. The Buccaneers currently compete in the National Football League as a member team of the National Football Conference South division
My favorite player is Adrian Martinez. Do you have a favorite player?
he play forward
Yes, hopefully the playoffs will make it.
I'm not a huge fan of hers, but I know she is one of the best singers of all time. Do you like her?
I think she's made some good movies. She is a great singer though. Do you like her movies?
Yes, Liam Neeson is an amazing actor. I like his movies as well. Are you a fan of his?
No, I haven't personally listened to his songs. Are you a fan of his?
Yes, he was in Desperado. Do you like his music?
my apologies. I don't have that information. what else can i do for you?
Sure! Do you have a genre preference?
If you liked Jane Eyre, you might also enjoy The Professor. She wrote Villette.
Thanks for letting me know! Have a nice day.
Robin Buss wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo released in 1844.
Robin Buss wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo, have you read it?
It was written by Robin Buss, and it's a speculative fiction.
It was released the same year as Archer's Voice. Have you heard of this one?
Of course, she also wrote Last Night in Montreal and The Confessions of a Shopaholic and Baby.
It's a psychological thriller.
You're welcome.
Are you referring to the author, Rick Yancey?
Yes, I do. Are you interested in any of his other books?
I am not sure if it is similar to The Last Star, but The Infinite Sea is also written by John Irving.
Robert Jackson wrote a book called The Art of Racing in The Rain. Would you like to read it?
George R.R. Martin wrote it.
It was released in 1867
The Notebook was based on the book written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Sparks in particular, or do you want to read something by Sparks?
If you like historical movies, I would suggest Revolutionary Road or Insurgent. Both are excellent.
The film is starring Reese Witherspoon, Sandra Bullock, and Jim Broadbent.
Of course, enjoy.
I do! It is an historical fiction novel written by Jamie Ford.
You should check it out. It's Songs of Willow Frost.
It looks like it is somewhere in the United States of America.
That is correct. I haven't read any of his books.
Sure! If you like Batman Begins, you must like Adventure films?
Have you seen The Civil War? It's a great film starring Katharine McPhee.
There is the movie The Civil War, starring Morgan Freeman. Have you seen it?
Are you looking for other books written by Josh Grisham?
You might also like Xenocide if that's the one you were looking for.
Sure. I'll add The Crow Road to your reading list and you should check it out.
Margaret R. Higonnet wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles , which is a great piece of literature. Are you looking for recommendations by this author?.
Tim Dolin also wrote Thomas Hardy
He also wrote the Picture of Dorian Gray and The Handmaid's Tale
Robert Galbraith also wrote The Silkworm. Are you interested in crime fiction?
She also wrote The Silkworm and The Cuckoo's Calling.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Are you looking for other fantasy books by J.K. Rowling, or do you just prefer the fantasy genre of the book?
Science Fiction
The Sword of Shannara by J.K. Rowling
The genre is adventure fiction
Your welcome
The Ambassador's Mission is similar. Have you heard of it?
Yes, it was. Simmons has written Franny and Zooey.
Three Cups of Tea, The Silence of the Lambs, Angels & Demons are some of his books.
Yes, he is a very talented actor. He starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but he also starred in X-Men: First Class.
I don't know about that. I'm going to say that he's a comedian.
Thanks for the advice, I will give it a try!
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
I agree, I highly recommend him. He's a point guard for the Portland Trailblazers.
Since he is a Point Guard, I wonder if he is a basketball player?
He is a point guard. I think he is a good player as well.
Nine Stories is similar to The Catcher in the Rye.
The House of the Seven Gables is similar. Have you heard of it?
I may have heard them perform somewhere before but I can't really place them. Do you know what kind of music they play?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't think I've heard of her music. Is she really good?
It is a great book, released in 2001.
It was released in 2001, the same year The Poisonwood Bible came out.
I would, it is a very good read.
I heard good things about that if you enjoyed that one.
Enjoy!
Looper is a Sci-Fi movie written and directed by Ridley Scott. It was released in 2013.
That is a Thriller. anything else i can do for you?
have a good day
Sure, A Beautiful Mind is a Thriller starring Russell Crowe, Paul Bettany, Michael Abbott, Jr., He also starred in A Beautiful Mind.
Sure, he directed The Missing. It is a great comedy.
You are welcome, goodbye.
That book is written by Tony Goldwyn and Erik Larson
He also starred in Someone Like You and The Giver.
Sure, It is a comedy
Absolutely!
It is a great book. It was written by J. D. Salinger. It's a great book.
Raise High the Roof Beam and Nine Stories are also written by him.
Most welcome.
I don't know much about football but I do know he is a forward
It was released in 2004. Do you like dramas?
No, I don't have that information right now. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You should check out At Home: Afraid of Ghosts. It's a classic.
Sure, Fiona Stafford wrote Emma. Emma is a romance novel. Are you into that genre?
Philippa Gregory wrote Wideacre. Do you like historical fiction?
It is a Historical fiction and was released in 1987.
Yes, they are both historical fiction.
You're welcome!
Yes, Arsenal is a sports team. It is a European Football team based in England.
I think the Saints are playing this week. They're a great team.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. What's your favorite team?
Wally Lamb is a popular actress. Are you a fan of hers?
It is also a fiction novel, is that a genre you enjoy?
I haven't read it yet, but I will check it out.
I do too.
The are a football team in the AFC East. Jimmy Buffett is part owner. Do you like the Dolphins?
I like the Bears, but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who's your favorite team?
I like the Patriots, because I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. Which team do you like?
Sure, do you like Spike Jonze movies?
Both Stephen Fry and Traci Dinwiddie starred in the Jurassic Park movies.
I'm not sure of the exact year but I think it was released in 1990.
My pleasure!
I do agree! She has a nice voice. Did you know she was in a relationship with Taylor Swift?
Yes, Victorious was a very good sitcom. You should check it out.
Yes, and Jessica Biel also starred in it.
Very funny. You should give her a try.
It was written by Malala Yousafzai
Windtalkers is a war film starring Frances O'Connor. Would you like to hear about other war films?
Absolutely! I hope you enjoy it!
It is a fiction novel, do you like fiction?
Sure, have you read Welcome to Temptation, Wolf Brother or Water for Elephants?
If you like Wolf Brother, you definitely will like Wuthering Heights.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Big Hero 6 is a Sci- Fi action written by Daniel Henney. Do you like Hemingway?
Yes! Do you like sci-fi movies?
Yes. That is a great film. It was released in 1999 and directed by David Ayer.
Correct! Mindy Kaling also starred in the Wreck It Ralph
No problem! Enjoy!
The are a football team in the AFC East. Jimmy Buffett is part owner. Do you like the Dolphins?
They are very good. Who is your favorite team?
Tony Romo is also a musician. Did you know he was born in Benton Harbor?
I am afraid I do not have info about the person you mentioned. How about some info on Tom Clancy
Owen Wilson is in the film known for The Royal Tenenbaums. It was released in 1999.
I agree, it is definitely a minor role. You should check it out.
Justin Rose is a professional Golfer from London.
I don't have any information on that.
I don't know much about golf, but I think he's from England too.
Sure! Virginia Woolf wrote To The Lighthouse and The Waves.
Yes, she wrote How the Grinch Stole Christmas, and The Pelican Brief. Have you read any of them?
I'm not sure of the release date. It was released in 1927.
Sure! I hope you enjoy!
He is an American professional basketball player who played point guard for the Detroit Pistons
I believe he is on the Miami Heat. Do you like basketball?
Yes, I am a fan of the Denver Nuggets.
Shelly Duvall starred in Time Bandits, a romance film. Do you like those types of movies?
Time Bandits would be considered a comedy and a drama. It's a coming of age film.
You're welcome.
Certainly. Michael Mann directed Public Enemies starring Marion Cotillard.
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is another one he directed. It's a thriller.
Yes, it is a great Tom Cruise action film.
Me too, Frances Mayes is a great writer. Would you like to read some of her works?
She also wrote Under the Tuscan Sun.
Hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about her other than that she's a singer. Do you like her music?
No I don't even know if she is in a relationship with Taylor Swift
Oh ok i didn't know that. She is one of the most recent movies. She starred in The Lorax too.
I don't know much about footbal but i know that they are professional football team based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
I like Roethlisberger. He is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like football?
She has written Shadowland and Night Star. Have you read these?
She's written a series of books in the fantasy genre, such as The Looking Glass Wars, and The Golden Compass. Would you like some of those?
If you like a young girl, you might also enjoy Violets Are Blue, which was written by James Patterson.
You're welcome
I think he is one of the best players on the Colombia national football team.
Do you know of any other football teams?
Yes I do like Radamel Falcao, he is a Midfielder and Forward.
Yes, it is an amazing movie. It is a teen movie and drama. Do you like it because it is a drama movie?
It's a fiction book.
There's The Martian Chronicles starring Robin Williams.
Wreck-it Ralph is a good one, which is more of a drama.
You're welcome.
He wrote Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, Parts One and Two. Do you like Harry Potter?
Yes, she did and it was released in 2016. Do you like her books?
I am not sure about that, but I can tell you it is a good movie.
Yes Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
I don't have that information, but Milan Kundera was influenced by William Shakespeare.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum wrote The Scarlatti Inheritance. anything else i can do for you?
Good story! The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum starred in The Scarlatti Inheritance. anything else i can do for you?
Matt Damon starred in The Bourne Legacy. Do you like Thriller movies?
Sure! Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit, it is a story about a race horse. Do you like horses?
She also wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption.
Well, she wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Black Elk Speaks. Do these sound interesting?
James Mangold directed Walk The Line, a biography. He also directed Girl Interrupted, and Kate & Leopold. Do any of them sound interesting to you?
Yes, she was. I haven't seen it but I've heard it's a very good movie.
I'm not sure about that, but I know it won the Tony Award for Best Original Score!
The only Romance movie I have from her is Beautiful Creatures. I'd recommend it.
No problem, enjoy!
The Great Gatsby is a novel and The Chosen and The Affair are similar to it.
World Without End is another book written by the same author.
Well it is a fiction novel, I think you will like it.
Sure! Jason Cope starred in District 9, Dredd, and Doomsday. Have you seen any of these?
Spud is a action and adventure film
He does not star in any romance movies
Tom Cruise starred in this movie
Yes, he directed Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. Great movie!
The Return of a Man Called Horse is about a man Called Horse who died of carbon monoxide poisoning.
You're welcome. Anything else I can help with?
He starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys.
I don't have that information but I can tell you it is also starring Rob Riggle.
I don't have that information at this time but I know it was starring Will Ferrell.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure. Morgan Freeman starred in The Civil War, The United States, and The Long Walk. Have you seen any of these?
You are correct! Are you interested in other movies starring Ned Bellamy?
Yes he is. He was also in The Green Mile if you have not seen that movie yet.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Blood Diamond is an indie film starring Tom Cruise.
Do you like the New York Yankees?
Interesting, Leonardo DiCaprio starred in The Aviator and The Aviator.
I hope that's a good one! I thought it was a great film.
I agree! James Cameron did a great job in Titanic!
No problem. Would you like to add the movie to your favorites?
Yes, 50/50 is a Romance movie. A similar movie to 50/50 is the movie Shopaholic.
I would recommend Michael Clayton, who starred in this movie
Sure, Vanessa Fertio starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and Gone with the Wind.
You're welcome.
Yes. They are in the NBA and owned by Jay-Z.
They are. Who's your favorite team?
I have seen Nanking. Did you know Woody Harrelson starred in Zombieland?
Yes, I do. She is a very talented author. Have you read The Little House Collection?
The Long Winter is a novel written by Laura Ingalls Wilder and was released in 1953.
If you like historical fiction, you'll like Wilder by Laura Ingalls Wilder.
Sure thing. I'll add these books to your reading list.
He wrote Thunderstruck
Do you need to check out some of his other dramas?
If you like that, you might enjoy The Crucible: The Manchurian Candidate by Erik Larson.
It's a great play. Some other plays are The Witch of Blackbird Pond and Great Expectations.
It was directed by Dave Pelzer. Do you like his work?
It is a History/Comedy/Drama movie that was released in 1988.
Brad Garrett starred in Underdog ,The Pacifier,The Country Bears and The Clockwork Girl among other movies
Jim Belushi also starred in The Pacifier. Are you a fan of his?
It was released in 2003.
You're very welcome.
It's a comedy starring Meryl Streep. Do you like her movies?
David McRaney is one of the actors in the movie.
The Dark Knight Rises starring Anne Hathaway is a romance movie
It was directed by Ann Patchett, and produced by Tarantino.
It came out in 2011
No problem, enjoy the movie!
Sure, Jenniferlopez starred in True Romance and The Wild Life.
James Rodriguez is a Colombian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich and is a midfielder.
Yes, they are top in their Group right now.
I think he's only a Midfielder. I don't know much about him.
John Leguizamo the actor is also from Columbia.
Will Smith of course! That was a good movie.
As Good as It Gets is a comedy starring Yeardley Smith. Have you seen it?
That one stars Danny DeVito and Jack Nicholson. It was released in 2004.
It was released in 2004
Enjoy
It is a National Football League tean owned by Wayne Weaver. Do you like Football?
I'm not sure who is the owner. I know Tyron Brackenridge is the owner of the Jaguars.
Cool, I like the steelers.
She plays tennis. She was born in Hisar (Indian district) and plays in the Indian national team.
That's true! The 2012 Olympics had athletes from India. She was also in the 2012 Summer Olympics. That was cool!
They're amazing! I like tennis.
He was born in London too! He's a swimmer.
You're welcome!
Sure, he wrote Two By Two, True Believer and Three Weeks with my Brother.
It was released in 2016 and is in the English language.
He also wrote True Believer, Three Weeks with My Brother.
Yes, he was. It was directed by Stephen King.
Yes, he is a famous comedian. He is also a musician and author as well.
Thanks.
Pulp Fiction was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Reservoir Dogs is. It's more of a Thriller/Sci-Fi movie.
Yes she is. She starred in it as well.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sin City was directed by Robert Rodriguez. He also directed El Mariachi and Grindhouse.
Sin City is a crime fiction film, have you seen it?
Gentlemen Broncos starred Virginia Madsen, The House of Mirth, Conrad Veidt and Jim Broadbent.
No problem!
Yes, it was written by Khaled Hosseini and David Benioff. Do you like Khaled Hosseini?
Yes, it is starring Kite Runner.
Yes, there was. A Thousand Splendid Suns is also in that movie.
Sure, enjoy!
Christina Lamb was influenced by George Orwell. Do you like her work?
Yes, he did. Veronika is actually a film adaptation, starring George Orwell. She starred in That Thing You Do!
I'm not sure about that, but The Pilgrimage was directed by Frank Darabonis.
Sure. J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Where The Wild Things Are. Have you read those?
I'm not sure about that, but the story is a thriller.
Yes. The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. It was released in 1925.
The Great Gatsby was released in 1922.
You might like The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. It was also released in 1925.
Elizabeth George Speare wrote it. She's a great author!
It was released in 1925. It's a drama and a mystery.
Of course! You should check out The Fighter, it stars Micky Ward, Mark Wahlberg, and Melissa McMeekin. It's an action movie.
Jane Eyre is a fiction work written by Michael Mason. Do you like Romance novels?
Of course, she also wrote The Professor, Shirley and Villette.
Villette is a Speculative Fiction novel. Like Zoe's Tale, it was released in 1853.
Enjoy!
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her books?
Sarah Dessen also wrote What Happened to Goodbye, This Lullaby, and The Truth About Forever.
It is written by Sarah Dessen and is a Young-adult fiction.
He directed The Amazing Spider Man and The Amazing Spider Man 2. Have you seen these?
Yes, Steve Kloves also wrote The Amazing Spider-Man.
That one stars Steve Kloves and J.K. Rowling.
Great! I am here if you need anything else.
I don't know much about him. He's a musician right?
South Africa is a great sport, and a great team.
No I don't. I am not very familiar with the sport but I do know it is very much like baseball.
There are a few movies by Baz Luhrmann. The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby.
The Great Gatsby starred Leonardo DiCaprio, Tobey Maguire, and Carey Mulligan.
Glad I could help
You are welcome. Enjoy the movie
Yes it is a great movie. Did you know it was written by Meg Cabot?
I would recommend The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which was so funny. It is such a cute movie.
The Princess and the Frog is a great family movie.
Yes, the Brothers Grimms wrote Red Riding Hood, he has also written The Princess and the Frog.
The Call of the Wild is written by Jack London. It's a historical fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
You might enjoy The Sea Wolf. Also, The Sea Wolf.
Its a great book. If you like fiction I recommend To Build a Fire.
Beautiful Disaster is a novel written by the same author, Jamie McGuire. Are you a fan of his?
I agree, Walking Disaster was a great book! It was released in 2013, the same year as Beautiful Disaster.
Beautiful Oblivion is a very good one. I think you'll enjoy it.
No problem. Enjoy.
Have a great day.
I don't know much about Jennifer Lawrence, but I know she starred in X-Men: First Class. She's also in Winter's Bone
Yes, Robert De Niro starred in the movie
Sure, Meet the Parents is a comedy and is produced by Jay Roach.
You're welcome
I don't really like football. I think they are doing well this season though
Of course. My team is the Dallas Cowboys. They're not as good as Super Bowl XL though.
Indeed they were runner ups in Super Bowl XLVIII.
Beloved was written by Toni Morrison. Other books by the author are The Handmaid's Tale and The Red House.
You might like Then There Were None or The Titan's Curse.
That movie stars Natalie Portman and Hugh Jackman.
I don't know much about her music but I think she is very talented. Did you see her in the movie Victorious?
Yes, Liam Hensworth is a great singer. I believe he is also a musician like his sister.
I like it too! I also like Nicolas Sparks movies.
It was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Sparks in particular, or do you want to read a similar romance novel?
I don't have any more recommendations for that author, but if you are interested in more of Nicholas Sparks books, I recommend One.
The Notebook was made into a movie. It's a romantic comedy. I think you might like it.
You're welcome
I'm not sure. I dont have information about Jean-Marc Vallée, but I do know that she is a poet who wrote The Secret Life of Bees.
Well, from what I can tell, it's a drama, if you'd like to watch it.
Yes, it's about a Queen.
Joaquin Phoenix starred in it.
Okay, I'll have to check that out.
Have you seen Welcome to Temptation, if you haven't seen it.
Sure, will do.
Sure, do you like Vin Diesel movies?
I recommend Fast and the Furious and Fast and the Furious.
The Fast and the Furious is starring Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, Vin Diesel, Michelle Rodriguez and many more
You're welcome
I am sorry, I do not have information about a similar movie.
State of the Union is a similar movie to World War Z.
I have not watched that movie. But I heard it was good. I am a fan of its creator, Frank Miller. Have you seen it?
He also starred in X-Men 2 and World War Z.
I can list out the ones he was in if you'd like?
What is your favorite genre?
Kurt Vonnegut Jr. wrote it. Do you like the genre?
You might like The Truth About Forever, or The Moon and More.
Yes. It's an autobiography released in 1961.
Certainly!
Kyrie Irving is a professional basketball player
I didn't know that. I only know a little about basketball. I know he's a good player
I didn't know that! Thanks for the information!
Yes I do I like his song You Love Me. Do you like his music?
I do not have any suggestions about writers of same genre. Do you like his music?
Yes that is correct. I do know that he is a French composer and songwriter.
I am not a huge basketball fan. They are owned by The Madison Square Garden Company. Are you a fan?
I didn't know that. Are you a fan of The Madison Square Garden?
That is true. I hope the Eagles win again that's why I have not heard of them.
Are you referring to Chris Weitz who starred in American Pie?
No, I don't have that information. Do you like his acting?
Yes, it is. Would you like to hear about other comedies?
The Last Stand is a similar movie to The Day After Tomorrow.
I haven't seen it. I don't believe he is a director.
I do. He's a good actor. I liked him in The Day After Tomorrow. Have you seen that?
Oh yeah. And yea, he's a must-see movie by Warner Bros. It's about a serial killer.
I'm not a huge basketball fan but I do know that they are located in Oakland. Are you a fan?
Oh wow! That's a very interesting fact. I'm not much of a fan of sports but I do enjoy basketball.
I didn't know Philidel is owned by a woman named Jada Pinkett Smith.
Oh wow! I didn't know that! That's a very interesting movie. I'll have to check it out.
Madame Bovary is written by Gustave Flaubert. Its a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, it was. Would you like to know more about Madame Bovary?
Well, if you like non-fiction, you'll like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy. I think you'd like it.
No problem, enjoy.
Ara Celi is best known for starring in American Beauty. Would you like to hear more about this movie?
Kevin Spacey and Annette Bening starred in it.
American Beauty : Sequel: American Beauty 2. American Beauty starring Alan Ball is great as well as Madeleine L'Engle
Yes she is. But, I like her. She lost to Serena Williams.
Of course, she's a pretty good athlete.
Good Deeds is probably the best romantic comedy she's been in.
Yes he directed The Storm and Thelma & Louise
Sorry, I don't have that information
Sure, All The Money in the World was written by Walter Hill and released in 1981
Flames of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales is another good one he was in.
Absolutely, Enjoy
I am not sure if she has a new album, but she was in the movie Superman. Have you heard it?
Liam Neeson and Phyllida Law are two big names in that movie.
I believe it was the same award for Love in the Time of Cholera, would you like me to find it for you?
I love James and the Giant Peach. Do you like James and the Giant Peach?
Coraline is in the genre of Thriller and Drama. Do you like those genres?
The Sandman: Season Of Mists, The Sandman: Fables and Reflections. Do any of those sound interesting?
Wicked City is a Speculative Fiction book written and directed by Steven Spielberg.
Sure. Margaret Atwood has written many different books. Her most recent work is MaddAddam but she's also worked on a Graphic Novel by the name of Angel Catbird. What were you looking for?
Oh yes, he wrote Where the Red Fern Grows. Have you read it?
He sure has, Woody Harrels wrote Speculative Fiction
It was released in 2005
Your welcome
happy to help
Sure. Do you like The Notebook because it's romance?
The Best of Me was also written by Nicolas Sparks. Are you looking for something in the Romance genre?
Sure, you might enjoy The Best and The Wedding. It's a very good one!
You're welcome!
Sure. He wrote Moby Dick which was released in 1851. Have you read it?
That's right. It was also released the same year as The House of the Seven Gables.
Glad to help
He's a great children's author. Some of his classics are Are You My Mother and Go, Dog, Go.
Yes, it is a children's literature, and children's literaturee is considered children's literature.
Yes, Dr. Suess also wrote Go, Dog, Go.
Sure, Bob Peck starred in Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow. Have you seen those?
Surviving Picasso is a Thriller/Romance genre
Sure, some of the actors in the film were Leonardo DiCaprio, Michael Fassbender, Anne Hathaway
Of course. He wrote The Last Don, a suspense fiction book. I highly recommend it.
Yes, it is. It was made into a movie starring Al Pacino.
Sure. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Danny Boyle wrote 127 Hours and directed Trance, Trainspotting, The Beach and Sunshine. Do you like his movies?
Apparently he was in a romantic comedy called X-Men 2.
127 hours is a romantic comedy. It's a great movie.
Brad Pitt starred in Troy (Epic Film) Did you know he also starred in Troy(Epic Film)?
There is no information about that
Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales are some similar movies
Zach Galifianakis was in that movie
sorry not sure
Captain America and Avengers are similar ones. Do you like such Action Fantasy movies?
He starred in Warriors, The Perfect Score, and The Nanny Diaries.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I like soccer very much, he has won several awards like NBA Rookie of the Year Award.
Sure, Oldboy is a Thriller. Other Thrillers include Graduation Day and Das Boot. Have you seen those?
Similar authors to Philip Pullman include William Weaver, William Golding and William Wordsworth.
Robin Jarvis wrote The Subtle Knife and The Amber Spyglass.
You're welcome.
Yes I can. He is the writer of Die Verwandlung.
The genre is Thriller, do you like thrillers?
I haven't seen it but I do know that it's a war film. Do you like war films?
I don't know anything about him. Is he in a crime fiction movie?
Yes, Linus Roache is also in The Psychological Thriller.
Yes, and Julie Kavner also starred in that movie.
Glad I could help
Yes, it was written by Martin Campbell. It is a spy and action film.
Simón Andreu is the cast.
It was released in 2003, and written by Robert Wade starred in it.
Yes, it was.
your welcome
Sure! Did you enjoy it because it was written by David Mitchell or because it stars Tom Hanks?
Aeon Flux is a great Sci-Fi movie. Tom Tykwer starred in it as well.
Charlize Theron has been in Snow White and the Huntsman: Winter's War
Charlize Theron stars in The Burning Plain, you're welcome.
Charlize Theron starred in The Burning Plain, which is a biographical film.
Taxi Driver is a psychological thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like that genre?
Then you might also like Taxi Driver. It was written by Karen Chance and stars Tom Hanks
The Passage and The Maze Runner are also good. You may like them.
Okay great, enjoy!
Yes, that is a great movie. Is that the genre you are looking for?
Yes, he is very famous. He wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is a thriller. Have you read it?
Gulliver's Travel is another great one, it was released in 1897.
Sure, she wrote The Diary of a Young Girl. Do you like Biographies like that one?
Pretty Little Liars is a great one, that was also made into a movie.
Well, it appears that it was also made into a film, like The Diary of a Young Girl.
Ok, enjoy the book!
That was a great movie! Did you like Star Wars, in general or some of the actors in that movie?
Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith is starring Natalie Portman and Robert Duvall. It is considered a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
He was also in What's Eating Gilbert Grape, The Manchurian Candidate, and Tom Cruise. Have you seen any of those?
Hope you enjoy it.
Chris Buck directed Surf's Up, a really cute Animated film.
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy The Incredibles. Have you seen that one?
No problem! I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Dan Brown wrote Angels & Demons, which is in the suspense genre.
Yes, he directed many movies such as The End of A Time to Kill and We Are Marshall. Have you seen either of them?
No, The movie is about football, is a family drama.
I am not sure who starred in that movie, but I know he is a singer/songwriter.
I know that they're an NFC south team and i believe Lovey Smith is the coach
Haha. He's a linebacker right? I couldn't agree more.
Agreed! Have a nice day.
I do not know much but I know she is in the London Olympics in 2012
I like hockey and baseball. What sports do you like?
I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. What team do you like?
Sure, do you like Scream because it is a crime fiction?
Yes. That is a comedy. Do you like comedies ?
You're welcome.
Have a good day.
The Matrix is Sci-Fi. Do you like that genre?
It is starring Natalie Portman and Rupert Graves.
It is a Science Fiction/Action genre.
Yes, its written by Cornelia Funke and she also wrote Predators, and Tintenblut. Do you like the writer or the genre of this book?
Anthea Bell also wrote Tintenherz. Would you like to know more about this book?
Cinderella is a fantasy novel.
King Kong was written by Iain Canning and released in 2005. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Naomi Watts has starred in The Wash and Funny People. Have you seen either of these?
It was released in 2001 and also stars Naomi Watts. It is a historical period drama.
You are welcome.
He wrote The Five Love Languages of Children. He is a singer-songwriter and an artist.
It is a song and song. Do you like those types of songs?
Yes, he has starred in a few things, including The Five Love Languages of Children, The Five Languages of Apology, and The 5 Languages of Appreciation in the Workplace.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information on him. But, he is a singer/songwriter, and a musician.
Sure, he wrote It's a Wonderful Life. He also wrote It's a Wonderful Life. Have you read it?
Sure, he is also a producer. He wrote It's a Wonderful Life
oh that is a good book
It is, he also wrote It's a Wonderful Life. I enjoyed it.
She played in Un di Velt Hot Geshvign, you should watch that.
I'm sorry I don't have that information
Great question, it was released in 1958
Yes I do, will you like to watch it?
I'm not sure but it is a audiobook
The film stars Jennifer Lawrence, Bradley Cooper and Christian Bale. It's a crime drama.
It's a crime movie.
Hmmm. I'm not sure if it's the author but it's similar to American Hustle.
Woody Herman wrote The Boy in the Striped Pajamas. Have you read it?
You're welcome.
Washington Redskins sucks. did you know Dwight Schar owned this team
Do you like the Raiders?
I like tennis very much, I like tennis better than tennis.
Sure, do you like romance movies or movies in general?
Sure Easy was written by Tammara Webber, Do you like her work?
Between the Lines is a good one. It's a TV series that was released in 2012.
Tammara Webber also wrote Where You Are, Easy and Breakable. Do you like to read either of these?
Where You Are was released in 2011. I recommend it for you.
Have a good day!
He directed Ocean's Eleven. Have you seen it?
I am not sure about that, but I can tell you it is a drama directed by Steven Soderbergh.
He also starred in The Right Stuff and The Amazing Spider Man.
You're welcome!
Alan Moore wrote Watchmen, V for Vendetta, he also wrote Watchmen. He directed V for Vendetta. Do you want a particular genre?
V for Vendetta was released in 2004. It is a science fiction/thriller, do you like those kinds of books?
You're welcome.
Richard J. Dunn wrote Wuthering Heights. Is this something you think you will be interesting in reading?
Yes, it's genre is considered a classic.
Great! Hope you enjoy it.
Yes, The Eye if the World was written by Robert Jordan and released in 1966. Do you like thrillers?
Of course, Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards, Rules of Attraction, and When You Reach Me. Have you read any of those?
It was released in 2001 and is a thriller
You might like Wildwood Dancing or Wildwood Dancing.
You're welcome.
Sure! Spirit Bound was written by Richelle Mead. This book has genre young-adult fiction and Urban fantasy. Do you like these genres?
Twilight is written by Richelle Mead.
Vampire Academy is a Fantasy genre
You're welcome
Charles Dickens wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop, have you read these?
Yes, Leo wrote that too, it seems a good work of his.
Yes, it is a historical period drama.
I'll have to check that out. Thanks for the information.
Great, have a great day
Yes, Peter Segal directed The Longest Yard, Nutty Professor II: The Klumps, Naked Gun 33 1/3: The Final Insult, and My Fellow Americans to name a few. Is there anything else I can help with?
That's correct! He certainly did. He's one of the best directors out there with an all star cast.
Haley Joel Osment and Adam Sandler are in that movie, along with Adam Sandler.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them are great reads by him.
The Tales of Beedle the Bard. That's a very good one.
It falls under the fantasy genre of Harry Potter. Have you heard of Fantastic Beasts?
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them are two works of art written by him.
Fantastic Beasts was released in 2001 and is a Fiction book. Have you read it?
Yes. If you're into speculative fiction, I think you should check it out. I'm not sure.
Michael O'Neill starred in Transformers and Traffic.
Traffic is an action film that was released in 1999.
Have you seen Police Academy? It is a crime drama?
You're welcome.
He plays for a Spain national football team. Do you like soccer?
I am not a fan of soccer but I have heard of him being a good player
Wow anything else I can help you with?
Also similar to The Hangover Part II is Meet the Fockers and Welcome to Mooseport.
It was released in 2004.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, Woody Allen wrote it. Do you like his movieS?
It's a romantic comedy. Are you into romance?
I like murder mystery, too.
Yes, that is a great murder mystery, too.
I sure can, Mansfield Park is written by Tony Tanner, do you want to know more about it?
Persuasion is written by Michael Connelly.
Persuasion was released in 1817.
I have never heard about it but relating to what I have seen it is written by Michael Markowitz and a crime fiction Comedy what seems to be interesting!
I'm not sure about Lindsay Sloane but it's a thriller/speculative fiction film
That is a great movie, too. Kevin Spacey also starred in it, too.
He is a swiss professional tennis player. He played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
Not really, I am not a fan of tennis but I know he has won a lot so I would agree.
No, I don't watch tennis much, but I heard he is very popular as he does.
Sure! Cornelia Funke wrote Inkheart which is a Fantasy book. Do you enjoy the genre Fantasy?
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is another good family novel, and it was released in 2003.
I haven't read any of them but I do know that Cornelia also wrote The Giving Tree.
Im not sure about him, biut Gary Mottola directed Adventureland starring Martin Star - its an adventure film
The River is a drama thriller. Do you like thrillers?
In that case, you may enjoy X-Men 2 or World Without End. Those are both thrillers.
Enjoy!
Real Steel is a similar movie he directed. What type of movies do you like?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However if you like that one you should check out The Lying Game.
I don't know who the producer is, but Shawnee LaMarr produced Real Steel.
Did you like the Untouchables because it starred Kevin Costner or because it was a Crime Fiction?
If you like Crime Fiction you may want to check out You, Me, and Dupree and You've Got Mail.
No problem
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a good one as well as Crime Fiction
He and his brother, John Rooney, both play soccer, right?
Yes they do
Well Alice Walker was an author of Fierce Light. Are you familiar with her work?
He wrote The Temple of My Familiar, and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
Can I help you with anything else?
He is the player in Barcelona?
No, I did not know that. Is he a musician?
Yes he is also a musician!
Oh wow, I didn't know that. I think he is a midfielder as well.
Yes I do. It was written by Patrick Rothfuss great author.
Well, Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Wise Man's Fear, I highly recommend it.
It's a fantasy novel.
Your welcome
I know that it was written by Kiera Cass and released in 2013.
The Siren is a film. She also wrote The Selection and The One, which is a film.
Kiera Cass also wrote, The Siren, and The One, which are both popular.
I'm not sure who produced it, but The Siren was produced by Mark Boal.
His music is similar to The Siren, which was also made into a film.
That movie stars Justin Timberlake. Do you like his movies?
Two excellent movies by him are The Social Network and The Other Guys.
It was released in 1968. Do you like dramas?
No problem, have a good day.
Yes, it was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. You might like The Man in the Iron Mask or Rob Roy.
The genre is Treasure Island and was released in 1882.
Great. Enjoy!
Sure, you can try The Road to El Dorado and The Running Man.
I did. I thought it was a good movie, and starred Morgan Freeman.
He is the best movie of all time.
That is correct. Robert Duvall is also in that movie.
You are welcome.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit one. It is a story about a race horse. Do you like horses?
It is a story about a race horse.
It was released in 2009. You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Sure, Do you like Aladdin because it is a family movie?
Sure. You might also like The Princess and the Frog, or Treasure Planet.
The Lion King came out in 2014. Would you like to add it to your list?
You're welcome!
Hemingway also wrote To Have and Have Not, The Sun Also Rises, and The Sun Also Rises.
Certainly. You could try To Have and Have Not, The Sun Also Rises or For Whom the Bell Tolls.
Old Man and the Sea was released in 1950.
No problem! I am happy to help.
You're welcome.
I know he is a quarterback from Texas other than that...
Well, I heard that Drew Brees won the NFL Offensive Player of the Year award.
Yeah, I like him a lot. I liked him in The Muppets. What other movies do you like?
Isn't he married to Eva Longoria?
Could you recommend anything by Maurice Sendak?
I don't have any more information on that movie, but I can tell you that Stephen Reeve starred in it.
It is a Historical novel, do you like that genre?
A Grief Observed is written by C.S. Lewis. Lewis also wrote Till We Have Faces
It was released in 1956
That is a great book! He also wrote Till We Have Faces, The Silver Chair and The Great Gatsby. Have you read any of these?
Will do!
certainly! Mr. Copley is a South African actor knows for roles in such films as The A-Team and Maleficent.
Yes, isn't Mike Woodson their coach?
Oh no, I haven't. I know that Mike Woodson is from New York City, that is where the Madison Square Garden is. Do you like hockey?
That is a great sport and have you been to any other sports?
He wrote Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil, which was turned into a film.
I'm not sure, but the film was released in 2005.
You're welcome.
You're welcome!
Are you a fan of the author John Steinbeck?
He also wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
He sure did! He also wrote Paper Towns, and Looking for Alaska.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about him other than he plays football. Do you like him?
Yes, he also played in Minuch, and he was born in Germany.
Oh, I don't know much about it either. I know he was from Germany.
I like him too. He has a good stats.
Gore Verbinski directed Rango. It was written by John Logan
Well, Gore Verbinski directed Rango and it was released in 1997. Do you like westerns?
You are welcome!
It was written by Christopher Nolan and directed by William Morgan Sheppard.
It is a horror film and similar to The Prestige.
I am not sure if Robert Rodriguez directed the movie.
Memento stars Emir Kusturica and Christian Bale.
Thomas Lennon starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Human Stain to name a few.
Enjoy!
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is written by L. Frank Baum.
Yes, it falls into the fantasy genre. Would you like me to check if you liked this?
Some other fantasy books are The Wonderful Wizard of Oz and The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
Yes, Diana Gabaldon wrote that and it is a children's literature.
Yes, The Secret Life of Bees is another great one. It is also a romance novel.
You are welcome.
Cate Blanchett star in this movie, it was released in 2017. Definitely a good movie.
The Holiday was released in 2005.
It is a Fantasy-Drama film.
X-Men 2 and World Without End are some thrillers I recommend.
yes she is in that movie as well.
WALLE is a young-adult fiction written by Aldous Huxley. Do you like his books?
He also wrote X-Men: The Last Stand.
Yes the last is X-Men movie written by Hugh Jackman. It's a sci-fi action adventure film.
Yes. The Union is a great movie with a great cast. It's a sci-fi action movie.
OMG I love X-Men:Days of Future Past. You should check it out.
Yes- the union was released in 2008.
It was written by Sarah Dessen and is young adult fiction genre, Have you read any of her works?
Other books in this genre include What Happened to Goodbye and The Truth About Forever.
Of course, some other young adult fiction books you might like are What Happened to Goodbye and The Truth About Forever.
Well, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
It's considered children's literature but is also considered children's literature so you might enjoy it.
It was written by Katherine Paterson. It's considered a children's book.
I have not seen it but I have heard of Ocean's Twelve: the genre or the stars?
Ocean's Twelve stars George Nolfi and George Nolfi.
Awesome! I hope you enjoy the movie.
Robert Lewandowski is an American professional footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich and the Poland national team.
I am a huge fan. I like football. What about you?
SC Freiburg is great. I think he's a great player.
He has starred in several movies such as Nixon and Mr. 3000.
Are you referring to Jack Thorne who is a screenwriter?
It is considered a Memoir, and an Autobiography.
Yes, he's a screenwriter as well. He had a role in the movie Harry Potter and the Cursed Child.
Sure, I'll add them to your watch list.
Snow Flower
China Dolls was released in 2005 and the genre is fiction
I'm sorry I don't have much information about it, but I do know that it was released in 2014
Anytime!
Do you like movies produced by Quentin Tarantino?
Grindhouse was directed by Rob Zombie, who also directed Grindhouse. Have you seen it?
It is a very popular movie. It was released in 1999 and directed by Robert Rodriguez.
Sure, this book is written by Stieg Larsson and was released in 2006.
Sure, Syeig Larsson wrote The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo and The Girl In The Spider's Web.
Yes The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo is a mystery novel released in 2005.
You're welcome.
Have a great day!
I sure do, he starred in Thriller Film Wicked, Tusk, Kill Bill: Vol 2. What kind of genre do you like?
Wicked is a Thriller and also starred Vanessa Zima and Patrick Muldoon.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome!
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest is the only book I know that Ken Kesey wrote. Do you enjoy his books?
Oh, I recommend that you read it. It's a very good book.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
He is an American professional basketball player, who played point guard for the Detroit Pistons
I don't know anything about him, other than he's a basketball player.
Haha yes. My kids love Ghostbusters. Do you have any favorite genres like him?
Yes he did. Dan Aykroyd was great in it!
Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls written by John Pogue have you seen it?
Yes, Vin Diesel stars in The Fast and the Furious.
That's a great film. He also starred in The Chronicles of Riddick and Fast Five.
No problem!
He's written Travels with Charley: In Search of America, Tortilla Flat, The Winter of our Discontent and many more. Have you read any of these?
I do! He wrote What Lies Beneath as well. It is a nice comedy. Do you know her work?
Yes he did
No its a Thriller but I agree that it is a great movie
I do too. They're in the National Football League and within the National Football Conference.
Not really, but I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan.
I agree. If you like action movies, you should check out Zoom, X-Men 2 or World War Z.
Not sure, but it is written by Paula McLain who also wrote Circling the Sun. Have you read them?
Circling the Sun was released in 2015, it's considered a Romance film.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
That movie is a Psycho-Thriller, do you like that genre?
Eraserhead is a Thriller. what else can i answer for you?
its a thriller and drama. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
The Fault in Our Stars is a popular one that he directed.
There is! The Fault in Our Stars is starring Shailene Woodle.
It is a young-adult fiction and a romance film.
You're welcome!
Hotel Rwanda is written by Terry George who also wrote Hart's War
Sure, it was written by Nelson DeMille who also wrote Lord of War.
Yes it is. We Were Soldiers is a war film also starring Tony Kgoroge.
Great. Enjoy!
Yes, Tammara Webber wrote Easy and Breakable. Do you like like drama or crime fiction better?
It was released in 2011.
2011 was the year that released You Are Not So Smart, written by David McRaney.
Sure, The Phantom Tollbooth was written by Norton Juster. Have you heard of him?
Sure, Peter Cushing starred in The Man in the Iron Mask and Tales from the Crypt as well as many others. Would you like me to continue?
OK. He starred in Twins of Evil and Torture Garden. Have you seen either of those?
Rick Riordan wrote that book and it was released in 1818.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Peter Gallagher starred in The O.C. which also starred Tate Donovan. Did you like the genre of this movie?
While You Were Sleeping stars Sandra Bullock and Bill Pullman. Do you like these actors?
Collateral Damage was written by Richard Dawkins. It's a comedy/drama that was released in 1996.
Great. I hope you enjoy them!
He starred in The Thomas Crown Affair and The Running Man, to name a couple.
I'm not sure it is, but Yaphet Kotto starred in Witless Protection which is a crime movie
Some other action movies I recommend are World Trade Center, The Shield, and Wild Wild West.
You are welcome.
I don't know about Hush Hush but I know that it's a movie starring Kevin Spacey.
Have you read Dream Thieves? It is a very good one.
You might also like the hit book The Witch of Blackbird Pond by Elizabeth George Speare, have you read this one?
You might also like the book The Gift written by Rebecca Stead. Have you read this one?
It was written by Jeannette Walls.
She is also a writer. She wrote Half Broke Horses: A True Life Novel.
It is a memoir about a trip she made to Italy. It was also made into a movie
Okay, enjoy!
Yes, John Carpenter directed The Fault in Our Stars, which is an Action/Adventure Film
You're correct. Escape from New York is a Crime Fiction film. Do you like Crime movies?
Yes, you are correct. I haven't seen that one. It's a horror movie.
Rhonda Byrne wrote the Secret, the power, the magic
The Secret was written by Sean Byrne, who also wrote The Power. Have you heard of it?
He wrote The Iliad which was released in 2003.
He starred in Your Friend the Rat, Warriors of the 21st Century and WALL-E. Are you a fan of those?
Your Friend the Rat stars Patton Oswalt as Remy, the rat. It was released in 2007.
Your Friend the Rat is a Rat movie and The Rat is a Rat movie.
You're welcome, have a great day!
I have not read it yet, but I know it was written by Spike Jonze.
The New World is a family friendly film and it was released in 1999.
Yes it does! I hope you enjoy!
Still Alice is written by Still Alice. It's in the genre of fantasy. Do you like fantasy books?
Do you like him because he is an artist?
Great! I hope you enjoy!
Absolutely!
Sure! He wrote the books, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time, The Red House and a A Spot of Bother. The first book has a genre Mystery.
Yes, they were. The Red House was adapted into a film. Have you seen it?
Yes he did, The Messenger is a drama and action film. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Frank Coraci starred in Here Comes the Boom and Zookeeper. Is there a certain genre your looking for?
Kevin James also starred in Zookeeper. That was a romantic comedy.
I'm not sure about that, but Kevin James also directed Zoolander.
Yes, Once Upon a Time in the West was wrote by the same man.
If you like crime fiction, you might like The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that one?
Nightcrawler stars Ty Burrell, Michael Fassbender, and Gerard Butler.
I hope you enjoy it!
I know a little about him. He's a quarterback for the Packers. Do you like him?
Yes, it came out in 1997
Casper Van Dien, and Michael York where the main stars in it.
No problem. Please enjoy!
It is an excellent movie starring Tom Hanks.
I think you'd like The Pursuit of Happyness. I recommend this movie. It's also written by Michael Lewis.
Moneyball is produced by Steven Soderbergh. It's about a man who is suddenly able to speak to the death.
Yes its written by Cassandra Clare.
The Book of a Thousand Days is another one written by Cassandra Clare, have you read this?
Then you'll like Clockwork Angel, it was released in 2013 and is written in English.
You are welcome.
Sure. He directed Children of Men which was released in 1982. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. That is a very good movie.
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you other movies he directed.
You're welcome!
I'm a little familiar with that book by C.S.Lewis. Would you like me to recommend another book by the same author?
He also wrote Till We Have Faces, The Silver Chair, and The Chronicles of Narnia. Have you read any of these?
You're welcome.
The Yellow Submarine! He wrote that with john Lennon. I am a Beatles fan. What do you think?
No, I never heard of that. Is it like the song Yellow Submarine?
I didn't know he was in Liverpool, right?
Oh yes, he is very talented. I like the song Hot n Cold. Would you like to hear it?
Great Laurie Halse wrote Wintergirls and Twisted. Twisted is one of my favorites.
Wintergirls is a Crime Fiction. It was released in 1999.
Sure, I will download it for you.
Yes, I do. Are you a Rihanna fan? She has a few songs from Rihanna.
Oh, cool. Did you know that he has a romatic relationship with Chris Brown?
It is a great movie.
He starred in The Player. Would you like that movie?
You may want to try Better Luck Tomorrow. It is an Action Film.
I'm not sure what it's about. Is it a romantic comedy?
Enjoy!
It is written by Suzanne Collins and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like this author?
No problem. I would suggest Xenocide or Wolf Brother. Both are great reads.
Yes. It is a Fantasy.
He is a actor. He starred in Little Miss Sunshine starring Paul Dano.
Yes, of course. He is one of my favorite actors. He directed a number of movies like Little Miss Sunshine.
No, John Elizabeth is a version of Elizabeth. The first in the story is called Little Miss Sunshine.
It is considered a Drama/Fantasy. He has also starred in Little Miss Sunshine which is good as well.
You're welcome, enjoy!
True Believer is written by Nicholas Sparks. It's a good book. Do you like books by Sparks?
The Notebook is a film similar to To Kill a Mockingbird.
Yes, its a teen drama and written by Nicholas Sparks. I think it was made into a movie.
How about The Wedding? I heard this one was a good one.
The Matrix Revolution was directed and produced by Lana Wachowski. She was the producer of The Matric Revoltuions.
Well, he starred in The Matrix Revolutions, and The Devil's Advocate.
He was also in "Predators" and "Mystic River." Would you like to see one of those?
I'm not sure, but I know he acted in The Hobbit series as well.
Gary Ross directed Mystic River. I hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he directed The Mechanic and Tristan & Isolde.
Yes, he is one of my favorites. I like it too.
Yes he recently made a movie called Shark Night
You are welcome
I'll add it now.
The Light Between Oceans is one book.
No, I have not. Did you know that The Light Between Oceans was released that year?
Of course! Emmerich directed The Light Between Oceans which was released in 2012. You might also like that one.
Great! You're welcome.
Yes, she wrote Rebecca, My Cousin Rachel and Jamaica Inn.
I'm not sure about that, but Daphne du Maurier also wrote Jamaica Inn.
It came out in 1938.
No problem.
They are a strong team in the NFL. Their coach Mike McCarthy is really talented. I wonder if they will make the Super Bowl this year.
If you like that, you might want to visit Lambeau Field some day. It is pretty cool.
i have heard of him being a quarterback for the Packers. do you like him?
I don't really know much about him, just that his wife is a good coach.
Yep, they actually have the same name as the Patriots.
Yes, I am! I liked him in Friends with Benefits. Did you see that?
Sure, it's a romantic comedy. If you like romantic comedies, you might also enjoy Friends with Benefits.
Eddie Marsan and Omar Benson were also in it. I like it.
Sure, I enjoyed Walk Away and Behind These Hazel Eyes. Big hits for her? What about you?
American Idol has genre Music and was directed by Chris Rock.
I don't have that information either. I wish I could have been able to find one of these shows to watch. I love Tyra.
Oh yes, I love that one. She is a doll in it, too. I saw her on American Idol.
Sure, Rudy is in the genre of Thriller, Sci-Fi and starring Joseph Sikora. Do you like movies starring Joseph Sikora?
The Watcher is a thriller starring Dennis Hopper. Would you like to watch a similar thriller?
You're right! Leonardo Dicaprio starred in The Watcher, which is a thriller.
You're welcome!
She wrote Little Princess, which is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Vanessa Redgrave, State of the Union are some of her poets. Are you interested in any of them?
Can I help you with anything else?
Station Eleven is written by St. John Mandel and was released in 2014. Are you a fan of speculative fiction?
Yes, he wrote The Bluest Eye and Sula
Romance novel
You might like Xenocide or Wyrd Sisters
Enter's Game was written by Quentin Tarantino.
No problem
Downfalls in the genre of War. Do you like War films?
Michael Biehn and Ben Affleck starred in this movie.
You're welcome!
Andrew Stanton directed Finding Nemo. Finding Nemo is a family genre. Do you enjoy family movies?
Yes, Jeff Garlin also starred in The Warrior's Way, which is a Sci-Fi.
Yes, Jeff Garlin was in the film, you might like that.
Yes, The Great Gatsby is a novel and The Chosen and The Affair are similar to it.
Well, I'm not sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Of course! I know Harald Kloser wrote "The Great Gatsby" and also wrote "Twilight," which is also a play.
You are welcome!
He's a good actor. He starred in Playing for Keeps and Olympus has Fallen.
It's a novel. Did you know it was turned into a film?
It was released in 1999.
Sure. Playing for Keeps.
I know it was written by Martin McDonagh, what do you know about the Bruges?
It also stars William H. MacDonagh and Roger Allam. Do you like them?
Yes, he starred in Wrath of the Titans and The Prince of Egypt.
You're welcome.
Sure. He directed American Pie, which is produced by Chris Moore
He also directed American Pie, which is produced by Chris Weitz.
I love that one. Christopher Weitz is in it, he also directed Girl with a Pearle Earring.
Sure, he directed The Three Musketeers and The Trial. Have you seen either of those?
I would. It is a great children's book written by Luc Besson.
Yes, I would recommend The Nightingale if you haven't read it.
It is a fiction book, do you like those kinds of books?
I don't know much about him. Did he star in The expendables 2?
I think you'd like it. Do you like Novak Djokovic? He's a tennis player.
You're welcome
I definitely recommend Die Hard with a Vengeance, starring Bruce Willis.
Sure, he also wrote A Good Day to Die Hard. Have you seen it?
Of course, it is a Family genre, and it is fantasy. Do you like that genre?
Yes he did, and The Lorax has a genre Fiction and children's literature.
Yes, The Sneetches and Other Stories is also a Children's literature written by Theodore Lesieg and is Children's literature.
Have a good day!
Whiplash was directed by Damien Chazelle and released in 2014. This film has genre music and drama. Do you enjoy those genres?
She is also in The Longest Ride. Are you a fan of hers?
You should check it out. I am not sure if it is a book or movie.
Yes, it is a Romance movie as well as Rhythm and Blues and Blues, have you seen those?
Yes I have seen Faster and Men of Honor! I think I have seen that one.
You're welcome
I would definitely recommend them, they are a great team, as well as the Los Angeles Lakers. They are coached by Doc Rivers, who is your favorite team!
I always enjoyed Laker. My favorite team is the Lakers. Have you seen him play the Lakers?
Oh wow. I agree that the Lakers will be awesome.
Larissa wrote асска и овести, рат арамаов, and ес.
I do not have that information but he wrote асска и овести, арамаов, and ес.
Excellent, have a great day!
Sure! Do you like The Notebook because it's romance?
Have you read Post-Apocalyptic fiction?
I'm not sure about the same author, but the movie was written by Natalie Portman.
No problem, can I help you with anything else?
I don't know much about them. Who are the coaches?
I don't know much about him, but I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan.
Oh wow! That's a good sport. Do you like any other sports?
Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
How about Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life from Dear Sugar? It is a self help book.
Your welcome
Yes, it is written by the great by J.K. Rowling. What can I tell you about it?
I recommend The Cuckoo's Calling and The Silkworm. Both are great books!
It is a fantasy novel. Are you a fan of fantasy books?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I do! He starred in The Pacifier, which is a really good movie. Do you like him?
Yes it is. You should check it out. It is a comedy.
Yes he did. I like it. Do you like it? I like anything in that genre.
That book was written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote Little House on the Prairie.
Yes, some books similar to Little House on the Prairie are Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger and Afterlife.
Yes indeed. You should give The First Four Years a try.
I don't know much about her other than that she is Serena Williams' sister. Do you like her?
No, I did not know that. I know that Serena starred in the Hair Show which is a comedy.
I didn't know that. I see that Venus has lost to Venus as well.
I don't know the title but I do know it was written by Dan Brown. It is definitely a historical fiction, starring Tom Hanks.
That is a good movie written by Ron Howard. Would you like to hear more about Tom Hanks?
Yes, he did. Ron Howard also wrote Inferno, it is a thriller.
He directed The Da Vinci Code and Inferno.
I have other Dramas like The Da Vinci Code and The Lost Symbol.
Enjoy
Yes, I do! X-Men is an action movie staring Ryan Reynolds. Do you like his work?
It's a Thriller.
You might like The Wolverine, which is a Sci-Fi movie.
Yes, I do. I loved Robert Downey Jr. in The Avengers, a great movie!
He wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
It is a children's literature. It is called A Pure Woman Faithfully in 1891
He also wrote A Pure Woman Faithfully in 1891
Rick Yancey wrote The Monstrumologist,The Last Star, The Infinite Sea.Are you interested in Young-adult fiction?
Sutton has written Seven Pounds, Their Eyes Were Watching God and Seven Pounds.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn, it is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I know that Thomas Lennon was also in Paper Towns. What else can I do for you?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Gone with the Wind is written by Margaret Mitchell. She also wrote Friends with Benefits.
Ok, then you might like World Without End, Wolf Brother or Wildwood Dancing.
The Untouchables is starring Bruce Willis and is a Romance movie.
You're welcome.
That was written by Nicolas Sparks. Did you like the movie or the book?
Two By Two is written by Nicholas Sparks.
Well, The Last Song is in the Speculative Fiction genre. Would you like to hear more about it?
I don't really know much about them except they're a K-pop boy band. Do you like them?
Sure! Cornelia Funke wrote Inkheart which is a Fantasy book. Do you enjoy the genre Fantasy?
Inkheart is a movie. You might like The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars.
Happy to help.
If you like the Hangover movies, you might like Zombieland
It is a series written by Robert A. Heinlein and was released in 1990.
No problem
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them are his most famous work.
The book has a genre of fantasy, comedy, and action. Do you like those genres?
You are welcome! I hope you like it!
He's an international cricketer and a captain for Indian team from 2008-2014.
Yes it is. Do you like soccer?
No but he starred in Hook Ya Crook, which is a romantic comedy.
Sure. Tracy Chevalier wrote the black comedy book Falling Angels. Does that sound interesting to you?
Yes, The Last Runaway was published in 1996.
You are welcome.
Do you like the author Roald Dahl?
If you enjoy children's literature, you should try The Sparrow. It is also a children's book.
I don't know any autobiographies by Quentin Blake. But I can recommend some other children's books.
Enjoy!
I am not familiar with the football team. I don't know much about them. Are they part of the National Football League?
I love his writing! He wrote The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes, The Complete Sherlock Holmes, and The Return of Sherlock Holmes. Do you enjoy detective or mystery type novels and movies?
Yes, do you like this movie because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Sure, Stan Lee also wrote The Incredible Hulk and he also starred in The Skulls
Sure, some other actors starred in Iron Man 3 include Helena Bonham Carter, Thor and Tim Roth
Absolutely, have a great day
I don't have any information on that movie, but Howls Moving Castle was directed by Diana Wynne Jones, starring Christian Bale. Have you seen it?
Jon Favreau wrote Made, starring Faizon Love, and Jonathan Silverman
He directed The Wolfman and Jurassic Park lll.
Another action movie you might enjoy is Transformers. It's also a Captain America movie.
Yes! Chris Evans also starred in The Expendables.
You're welcome.
Sure, did you like Sharp Objects because it was written by Gillian Flynn, or because it was the genre Suspense/Mystery?
She also wrote Sharp Objects and Dark Places.
Yes it was. It was directed by John Lasseter.
I'm not sure about that. What Do You Do was released in 2015.
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works
Cold Blood is a Drama. Do you like Drama?
Michael Bay is the producer of Transformers and also did Mystery Men and I Am Number Four. Would you like to know more?
It's a great movie! It stars Steven Spielberg and James Franco. Do you like them?
It was directed by Steven Spielberg. Are you a Spielberg fan?
You're welcome.
Sure, Mark Cotta Vaz wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read these?
Yes, it's a vampire series. Do you like vampire movies?
You might be right. It's part of a series. It's the next book in the series after Twilight.
You're welcome!
Sure, he directed Seven Psychopaths and the Oscar nominated Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri, just released last year.
Sure, it is a psychological thriller released in 2014
You're welcome
The book was written by Billie Letts and released in 1996. Do you like the book because of its story line?
Its a drama about a woman working at a waterfall cliffside in the wilderness.
Sure, no problem!
You're welcome!
Yea, Rickie plays golf for the U.S. right?
I haven't seen it, but I've heard it's funny. I like golf too. Have you seen Happy Gilmore?
I love Julie Bowen! I think I'll watch this movie soon.
She starred in Wonder Women 2017, also in Solider 1998
I am not sure, but I do know it was written by Connie Nielsen.
I believe it was a drama, but I don't have more information on the movie
The 5th Wave is an adventure film starring Rick Yancey. Do you like this genre?
Ricky Yancey also wrote the movie Monstrumologist, released in 2016.
Ricky Yancey also wrote the Monstrumologist series.
Sure! You might like The Monstrumologist, The Last Star, or The Infinite Sea.
No problem. Enjoy!
She's good, but I like her friend Ariana Grande better.
She has also been in the movie, Valentine's day, which was written by John Lennon. She starred in The Lorax which was a great film.
I didn't realize she was in it, right?
I do! He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and Turbo. The Proposal was a great movie too.
No, I haven't seen it but I heard it was good. I loved it.
Ted is a great comedy movie. Would you like me to recommend other comedies?
I hope you enjoy the movie.
Me, too! He's one of my favorites. I love his music. My favorite song of his is Never Let You Go.
I like the song Love Yourself, would you like to hear it?
If you like his music, you should check out Never Let You Go.
That was a great movie! Did you like Star Wars, in general or some of the actors in that movie?
Yes, he was. He was also in The Dark Knight
He was also in X-Men: First Class
Jack and Jill, Bedtime stories, grown ups. Adam Sandler movies are all awesome
Grown up and the movie was directed by Steven Spielberg. Do you like his movies?
Yes he did and it was directed by Rose Byrne
You are welcome
Victor Hugo is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for French club Paris Saint-Germain
It was released in 1599. Did you know Victor is also a poet?
Yes, it was. Another good book is Zoe's Tale.
Awesome. Another good book is Zoe's Tale. It's a classic.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
He wrote There Will be Blood and The Master. He's been involved in a lot of different movies. Would you like to hear more?
I am not a big fan of her, but I like the song You Lost Me. Do you?
Yeah, he's done a lot of songs. I like Lock, Stock, and Two Smoking Barrels and Snatch. Do you know any of them?
No, if you like Coldplay he was a regular judge on the Voice, he was a regular judge on The Voice, he was a regular judge on The Voice.
Anthony Hopkins starred in both Bobby and The Edge.
Peter and Paul is a romantic drama.
Sure, Rupert Graves and Roger Allam also star in Peter and Paul, as well as Anthony Hopkins.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I do not follow much football but I do know the team is coached by Ken Whisenhunt. Are you a fan?
I'm not much of a football fan. I only know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt.
I really do not know much about them. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan.
I do. He is a very good basketball player.
I don't know much about Denver Nuggets. Who is their coach?
It was a great movie by Danny DeVito in it.
Yes that was written by William Shakespeare. If you like his work I can make some recommendations for you.
I dont have information about the release date but Shakespeare wrote The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark.
OK. Have a great day
She is a tennis player from Romania. She has also played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
I am not sure about Serena Williams, but I know she is very good and has a record 23 grand slam singles titles
Oh wow. I see. I don't remember her. I think she lost to a lot of matches.
I do not like football much but I like they are coached by Jim Caldwell. Are you a fan?
No, he did not. I think he coached the Detroit Lions before.
That's the same year they won Super Bowl XLI. I think he was a great player
Are you referring to the author Mervyn Peake who wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde?
It was released in 1886 by Robert Louis Stevenson.
It was considered a thriller.
You might like The Skulls, which is also a psychological thriller.
Stephenie Meyer is one of the actors in the movie.
I'll be happy to. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, there is a book and based on a book. The movie was directed by Chris Columbus who also directed Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
He directed The Goonies, starring Emma Stone and Daniel Radcliffe.
Yes, he wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement, and Who Moved My Cheese? Have you read either of those?
Kenneth H. Blanchard wrote The One Minute Manager. Did you see that one?
Its a self help book released in 1981.
No problem.
Well, it was written by Ben Affleck. Are you a fan of his?
She also wrote We the Living. Have you read that one?
Your welcome. Happy reading!
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories ?
The Island of Dracula is a great horror book written by Bram Stoker. It was released in 1897.
George R. R. Martin wrote that book. Would you like to hear more about the book?
He also wrote Door to Door and When You Reach Me.
She wrote Under the Tuscan Sun.
Under the Tuscan Sun is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy!
Do you like the movie because it is a fiction?
Yes she did and also wrote Go Set a Watchman
Another good fiction movie is Go Set a Watchman.
Another good fiction movie is Go Set a Watchman.
Yes, I did enjoy it, it starred Al Pacino and was released in 1990. Do you like Al Pacino movies?
I have not, but I know it was written by Richard DeNiro and starred Al Pacino.
I see, I like him too. You should see him in it!
If you like Michael Byrne, you might like The Godfather. It's a great movie.
I am not sure, but I know it also stars Steve Buscemi and Jena Malone.
No problem!
Seamus Heaney wrote Beowulf.
Perhaps his best known works are Romeo and Juliet and A Midsummer Night's Dream. Do you like either of those genres?
It is written in English. Seamus Heaney is also a poet.
Yes. He starred in The Terminator, The Order, and The Order. Have you seen any of these?
Sure, he starred in The Terminator and The Order. Do you like action films?
Sure, Lionheart is an action film and also starred James Cannon. It was released in 1999.
Woody Harrelson, Jesse Jame and Jared Leto.
Billy Page also starred in The Harry Potter Movies.
You are most welcome.
He directed Seven Psychopaths. Gabourey Sidibe starred in it.
Six Shooter was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Nicholas Cage.
Seven Psychopaths is an action film. Do you like that genre?
I'm not a big basketball fan so I'm not familiar with the sport. What about you?
I watch a lot of basketball, I'm not a big basketball fan, I don't know much about it either. I prefer college football. Do you watch it?
Wilson Chandler that was drafted to the New York Knicks? I thought he's a great shooting guard.
Would you wish me to recommend something in relation to Heroic Fantasy?
Sure, Alien is apart of the film series Aliens. Aliens is written by Ronald Shusett. Have you seen the other movies in the series?
Yes, he is the director of that series. The series is directed by Steven Spielberg. You should check it out.
Not that I can find at this moment. So you're interested in more horror genres?
Sure! I'll add it to your watch list.
Released in 2013, The Rosie Project was written by Graeme Simsion. Does the name sound familiar?
Yes, she also wrote Wonder Boys and The Magician's Land. Do you like her work?
No, same year The Rosie Effect was released.
He wrote the Movie Olympus Has Fallen and Brooklyn's Finest.
Philip Baker Hall starred in Olympus. He also starred in Reign of Fire.
I don't have any suggestions of movies he has directed. However he is most famous for being a producer of Olympus.
Robert De Niro was the writer of Olympus. Would you like to know more about his movies?
Yes, I do. Do you enjoy him as an actor or singer?
That's a good one. He was also in Vanilla Sky.
I believe he is a friend with Will Smith. I'm not sure if he's heard of him.
The Cather in the Rye was written by J.D. Sallinger. He also wrote Raise High the Roof Beam and Nine Stories.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, the author of To Kill a Mockingbird was Julia Roberts. Would you like to read it?
Yes, Harper Lee also wrote Go Set a Watchman and the Emperors Cool Clothes.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, it was written by Cassandra Clare. Do you like young-adult fiction?
No, it was not written by her. What genre are you interested in?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I'm not a fan. I prefer the Boston Red Sox. Do you like the Yankees?
The Yankees lost to Roger Federer, who was on that team.
I'm not sure about that, I can tell you other people who don't like Heart attack.
A Heart attack from time to time.
Yes, I know he composed a lot of folk music but I am not familiar with his music.
I'm a big fan of badminton and I loved watching the 2012 Olympics. What about you?
What do you think of badminton? I've seen a few Olympics.
Yes it was, Western Europe is a great place to visit. Have you been there?
Yes, it is a very good movie. I have seen it. Is it a paranormal romance, urban fantasy, and young adult fiction movie?
I do! The Amazing Spider-Man is a science fiction novel written by Stan Lee. It was released in 1944.
The Amazing Spider-Man and The Incredible Hulk are written by Steve Kloves.
Yes, it is a fantasy, do you like that genre?
ok
Gillian Flynn wrote What Do You Do and Sharp Objects.
It is a non fiction novel
Were you looking for something in the same genre or by Gillian Flynn?
You are welcome
He wrote Heretics of Dune and Heretics of Dune. have you read those?
Okay, if you like Psychological Thrillers you may like The Three Musketeers or The Return of the King.
Sorry I don't have that information, but Frank Herbert is a good writer.
Sure, enjoy the book!
Did you like it because it was a Mystery movie?
Tombstone is a great movie and it is also a children's movie.
Great, hope you enjoy it!
Yes, The Eye if the World written by Robert Jordan has genres Speculative fiction and fantasy. Are you into that genre?
It is a wonderful movie. If you have not seen it I suggest The Wonderful Wizard of Oz. It was also made into a movie.
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
You're so welcome!
Do you like the romance aspect of Little Miss Sunshine?
It is a Romantic Comedy starring Jason Statham. Would you like to see him he stars in?
You're welcome!
I saw the movie, but I haven't read the book. That was written by Sara Gruen. Have you read it?
No, I haven't. Is that a novel by the same author?
Yes I have. Ape House was written by Sara Guen.
Yes, I will add that to my list.
Have a good day
OK. Have a great day
Beautiful Disaster is a novel written by Jamie McGuire and released in 2011. It has very good reviews and is considered a favorite for some.
I don't know anything else by him, but Jamie McGuire wrote Beautiful Oblivion which was released in 2014
You're welcome!
Pulp Fiction was written by Quentin Tarantino.
John Travolta also starred in The Incredible Hulk and The Reservoir Dogs.
She was in Walk the Line and Self/less. Do those sound interesting to you?
Tyler Hinton was also in that movie. Do you like him?
Ok, some other actors were Michelle Pfeiffer and Anthony Hopkins
He is! He wrote The Shining and The Bone Collector. Have you read those?
I haven't followed them but know they are a sports team. Don't they play soccer?
Not really. I am more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan. What about you?
I like Cam Newton. He's fun to watch. Who's your favorite?
Jake Gyllenhaal is an author. He wrote To Rome with Love. To Rome with Love is a good one.
It was released in 1986, and is a crime movie.
It also stars Michael Angarano and Jake Gyllenhaal.
You're welcome! Have a good day!
Norton Juster wrote The Phantom Tollbooth, it is a good book. You should like it.
Well, The Looking Glass Wars is another great fantasy novel, written by Frank Beddor.
Yes, it is. It's part of the series.
It was released in 2004.
The Mists of Avalon is a fiction work written by Marion Zimmer Bradley. Are you a fan of fiction books?
It is part of a series, the next in the series is The Mists of Avalon. Would you like to know more fantasy novels?
The author is Philip Pullman. The genre of this book is Fantasy and Children's Literature. Do you like any of those genres?
Anytime! Enjoy your book!
Yes, John Ratzenberger wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Are you a fan of comedies?
What If You Do is a romantic comedy and also starred Charlize Theron.
It is a romantic drama film.
I hope you enjoy it!
Absolutely! My favorite book by him is The Inheritance Cycle. Are you familiar with it?
Yes, it is a comedy-drama.
Anytime!
I haven't seen it but I know it was written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
Sure, he also wrote The Big Lebowski.
I don't have that information, is there something else I can help you with?
You are welcome.
He was also in Star Wars. Do you like the movies that he starred in?
Wally Lamb wrote several books such as She's Come Undone and The Hour I First Believed. Do you like Fiction?
Yes, it was released in 2007.
Yes it is. Do you want me to add it to your list?
I have not, but I are a fan of him. He wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest
I would recommend The Missing. It's a Speculative fiction book.
Yes, he was. He was also in The Street Lawyer and The Manchurian Candidate. Both great movies!
Similar to Leo Defio, it was directed by Rick Riordan.
Well he was in the movies The Lost Symbol and The Invisible Man.
I do not know other movies with him, but I know he is a musician who starred in True Romance and The Incredibles.
X-Men: First Class and The Loss of Sexual Innocence are two movies that come in that category.
They both starred in the movie, Whalbergberg.
You're welcome.
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is written by Steven D. Levitt, it is a fantasy novel.
The Looking Glass Wars and The Silver Chair. Both are written by C.S. Lewis. Would you like to know more?
The Silver Chair is a fantasy novel. The Lion is actually a movie, and The Witch is a series.
Sure, he directed Elysium and District 9, both great movies! District 9 is an Indie Film that blew it out of the park, have you seen it?
Yes, it is. District 9 is in the Thriller genre.
Yes! She was in it as well. She was also in House Bunny.
You're welcome.
Yes. She wrote Call Me Maybe and It's Kind of a Funny Story.
I have several songs like Call Me Maybe such as X-Men, X-Men, and The Incredibles.
You're welcome.
I know he's a soccer player for Manchester United F.C. and he plays for Manchester United F.C.
I don't know anymore about Javier Hernández, other than he is from Guadalajara.
I believe he is from Guadalajara, Mexico.
Bobby Farrelly directed Stuck on You. Stuck on You is written by Peter Farrelly. Would you like more information about this?
If you like comedy films, you might enjoy Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
Okay. Irene is in it too. It's a good movie too.
Glad to be of help!
Yes he plays basketball. He is a point guard for the Chicago Bulls.
Well, he is currently playing for the Oklahoma City Thunder. He is a midfielder.
How are they doing this year?
Sure! Number the Stars is written by Lois Lowry and the genre is Speculative fiction.
Yes, she is. Do you like her books? She wrote What the Dog Saw and Other Adventures.
No problem, enjoy!
He wrote The Twits, which is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
He wrote The Twits, The Witches and The BFG.
Well, if you like fantasty, you'll like The Wolf Brother.
The book was released in 2008. Would you like me to add it to your list?
No problem, enjoy!
This book is by the popular author John Green, who writes young adult fiction. You would probably also like The Fault in Our Stars.
The Fault in Our Stars has genre Young-adult fiction. You might also like Paper Towns.
Absolutely!
I'm not positive it's similar but Ashes to Ashes is in the same genre and is an action movie like The Firm.
It's an action film.
You're welcome!
Sure. He wrote Island and Brave New World. Are you familiar with either of those?
Yes, it was. 1956 was the year that released The Last Battle
Yes, The Last Battle was released in 1956. It's a novel that was turned into a film.
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
I know that he wrote a book that was released in 1987. It was A Brief History of Time: From The Big Bang to Black Holes.
Yes, he also wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
He also wrote The Uplift War as well as A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
You're welcome.
OK, have a good day!
Sure, she's been in lots of movies. Which genres do you like?
Yeah, you'll enjoy that one too! It's an action movie as well.
That's right. She was also in The Witch of Blackbird Pond. That's a classic.
Sonny Mallhi is in both of them, and North is drama.
He's written When You Are Engulfed in Flames as well as Santaland Diaries.
It was written in 2008. It was also made into a movie.
Yes it was! It was written by Sedaris, David Sedaris, and was released in 2008.
You're welcome
Yes, I like her very much! She is very talented. Aside from being a great singer, she's also a Songwriter, and she can act, too!
I don't know that, but I do like her music. She's very talented, I think she won her first album.
Yes, it is a Woman, a Woman is a Woman. She has a lot of celebrity friends.
Robin Williams starred in the movies The Matrix Revisited and The Matrix Revolutions.
Did you know that Mrs. Doubtfire is produced by Steven Spielberg and was released in 1999.
Yes, Leslie Dixon is in it as well as Bruce Willis, have you seen it?
Enjoy your movies!
Matt Damon starred in the Bourne Identity. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
Yes he did. Sean Penn and Sarah Polley both starred in this movie.
If you like thrillers, you might also enjoy Shark Night.
No problem, enjoy.
Sure, He wrote The Crucible. Have you read that?
Sure, The movie was released in 1953 and is in the English language. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, I would recommend A Christmas Carol, starring Robin Wright. It's a tragicomedy.
Yes, that is correct. The Return of the Native was written by Christopher Bigsby.
You're welcome.
He is a basketball athlete who lives in Long Beach, California.
The only thing I know about him is that he played Basketball
He is currently playing for the Oklahoma City Thunder.
He is a point guard.
Sure. Mary Harron directed American Psycho and was the Executive Producer on The Notorious Bettie Page. Have you seen either of these?
Mary is an action genre
your welcome
It was released in 2001
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Would you like to hear about other movies with him in it?
He wrote V for Vendetta, The Matrix Revisited, The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Reloaded
He directed the Matrix Revolutions, another good one.
He directed The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen it?
Allegiant stars Veronica Cartwright, Jeremy Renner, Veronica Cartwright and John Ratzenberger.
It is a action film, similar to Zombieland.
He wrote The Light Between Oceans which was released 2012.
The Light Between Oceans is science fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he starred in that movie. He also directed The Princess and the Frog.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, Andy Tennant is the only actor that has starred in movies like The Bounty Hunter and Sweet Home Alabama. Have you seen those movies?
Utterly Cold Blooded is one of his most popular movies, and he was also in the movie The Bounty Hunter.
Fool's Gold starred Jason Statham and Liam Neeson. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes he did. He was also in Fool's Gold, which is a romantic comedy.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything, if you're interested.
I dont have information about the book but I can tell you Stephen Dubner is also a scientist and from the United States
you're welcome
Yes, it is a good movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Crime Fiction movies?
Sure, if you like Taxi Driver you might also like X-Men Origins: Wolverine, have you seen that?
Enjoy!
I don't know much about Luis Suarez, he is an athlete that played on the Uruguay national football team.
Yes, Liverpool F.C is a midfielder. Do you like this sport?
Yes I agree that he is very good. Do you know anything about him?
The Patriots are a professional American football team based in England. Their coach is Tom Brady. Do you like him?
Have you seen the other Harry Potter films?
Thank you. I will have to check that out.
Do you know anything about Harry Potter or the Deathly Hallows?
Yes, it was written by John Steinbeck and released in 2015.
The Odyssey stars Christian Bale as O Brother, Where Art Thou. It is a musical theater. Do you like musicals?
No problem. What else can I help you with?
You're welcome!
A Streetcar Named Desire was written by Tennessee Williams and is in the genre called Southern Gothic. Would you like more books by WIlliams or others in that genre?
That is a great book. It is also a Speculative fiction.
It is a drama that was made into a movie. It's based on the novel of the same name.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Sure, Hayao Miyazaki starred in The Thirteenth Tale and The Phantom of the Opera.
I don't have that information, but Hayao Miyazaki also starred in Ponyo.
Unfortunately, I do not have that information.
You're welcome!
I don't know a lot about it, just that she's a table tennis player and is quite good at it. Do you follow her?
I am not sure about that. I do know he participated in the 2012 Olympics.
No I don't remember where the Olympics went.
I can't remember when they were coached, but they have improved over the years so I would say they're pretty good.
I do like them, but my favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks. Do you like them?
I am not a huge fan of Cricket but I do know they are a team based in the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex
Not much, I know it's a German sports club based in Munich. They have a game this coming Saturday.
Not really. I like soccer. I prefer American Football.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. What team do you like?
Horse and His Boy isn't in the Speculative Fiction genre, but it was written by George R.R. Martin.
Yeah, it's really good. They're in the speculative fiction genre. I think you'd like it.
You're welcome.
I'm not very familiar with her work but would you like me to recommend other books by her?
I am not familiar with her, what is the genre of the movie?
Okay! Girls in Bed is a romantic comedy. It's a great movie.
Have a nice day!
Thank you. Have a great day!
Have a good day!
The Odd THomas stars Dean Koontz and is considered a thriller. Do you like his movies?
Well, it was actually turned into a movie. It's a thriller and is also considered a psychological thriller.
Terry Pratchet wrote it. It's a very good movie.
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion.
Pride and Prejudice was originally published in 1813. It's a novel.
Well he starred in Pride and Prejudice, a historical period drama, and a film also starred Elizabeth Perkinson.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Titanic stars Leonardo DiCaprio and is written by James Cannon. Want movies with Leonardo DiCaprio?
You might like The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. It's also a romance.
Divergent was adapted from a book and was written by Veronica Roth.
World Without End, Wolf Brother and Wicked Lovely are all similar to Divergent.
Oh, yes! She starred in The Proposal and Step Up. Have you seen either of those films?
Yes that's true. I think she's also starred in Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
It's a romantic comedy
The Proposal is a romantic comedy also starring Sandra Bullock
Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors and The Secret Adversary. What kind of books do you like reading?
They Do it with Mirrors has the genre comedy-drama.
They Do it with Mirrors is a Mystery novel. Perhaps you would like that one?
I love her. Helen hMcCrory. Have you seen her in The Special Relationship?
Yes, it also stars Ralph Fiennes and Matt Damon. I think you'll enjoy it.
I like Ralph Fiennes too. He's a great actor. I liked The Handmaid's Tale and The Nightingale.
He directed, and produced Red Cliff. It was an Action film starring Takeshi Kaneshiro.
Red cliff is a fantasy film, do you like that genre?
You might also enjoy the War Film, The Legend of Hercules, or the Avengers.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Madagascar has a genre of Science Fiction, Action and Adventure starring Jared Leto
He directed a biographical film called Saga of the Fallen. Have you seen it?
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
He directed The War of the Worlds, The Stand, and Romeo and Juliet. Have you seen any of those?
i believe so, but Anna Kendrick also starred in The Witch of Blackbird Pond, which is a historical drama.
Yes! Shaun of the Dead is directed by Edgar Wright, he also directed Shaun of the Dead.
Good luck!
Did you know he won the NBA All Rookie of the Year Award?
He is a point guard with the Seattle Seahawks, I believe.
That's correct. He is currently playing for the Oklahoma Thunders.
A Grief Observed is written by C.S. Lewis. Lewis also wrote Till We Have Faces
He also wrote Till We Have Faces, The magicians Nephew and The Horse and His Boy.
You're very welcome!
Andy Murray is an excellent tennis player who also won BBC Young Sports Personality of the Year.
I don't have any information on that, but I know he is from the Olympics.
Really, I didn't know that! I watched The Dunblane school massacre. It was very interesting!
I agree, he does have a good presence. I hope that's what you're looking for.
He is a writer and poet. He wrote Fast Food Nation and starred in McLibel.
Yes, Walt Whitman is the writer of Fast Food Nation and he wrote The Green Mile. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, it is classified as children's literature and historical fiction. Do you like childrens literature?
You are welcome. Enjoy the book!
Sure. He starred in The Skulls. It's a thriller.
The Fast and the Furious is starring Vin Diesel. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, I think he is a great actor. I really liked him in The Fast and the Furious as well.
I don't have that information, but I do know he passed away in 2008
I sure can! Peter Krause starred in We Don't Live Here Anymore, The Truman Show, Civic Duty and Beastly. Would you like more information about one of these?
I don't know any more about The Truman Show but I do know it was written by Peter Krause.
You're welcome. I hope you like it.
No I have not. He is a cricket player and plays for Delhi Daredevils. Do you like him?
Welcome to the World, Baby Girl and I still dream about you are great books that I would suggest. You read them?
It is a graphic novel released in 2003 with Fannie Flagg and Jeff Bridges, and was released in 2007.
I currently don't have any information on any psychological thrillers. I can suggest some other psychological thrillers.
You're welcome
Toy Story 3 is starring Tom Hanks and Tim Allen. It is a great animated movie.
Anything else I can help you with?
No, I have not read Toy Story 3. I do know that it is an animated film.
Absolutely. Do you like Memento because it's written by Jonathan Nolan?
Sounds like you would like a movie with the same genre.
I'm not sure who stars in it, but I do know it was directed by Jason Statham. Are you familiar with his work?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Jean M Auel wrote The valley of hoarse which is genre fantasy. also the shelters of stone.
You might also enjoy "The Clan of the Cave Bear" , if you like historical fiction.
Yes, it is. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
The Battle of the Labyrinth is a young adult fiction book written by Rick Riordan. It is part of a series.
Sure! He wrote The Son of Neptune and The Titan's Curse. Are you familiar with either?
Yes, he did. It is a similar book to The Lost Hero. Would you like to hear more?
I don't know much about him. I do know he plays German football. I do not follow soccer that much.
Didn't he play on the German national football team?
I don't know much about him either. I know he is a midfielder as well.
i love Alex. who is your fav player?
i like soccer so I'm not familiar with the sport. who is your favorite player?
I agree. I love animated movies like Wildcats.
She wrote Pretty Little Liar the genre is Teen Drama, do you like teen drama?
No, not that I am not sure about, but she wrote Pretty Little Liars which is a famous film.
Great. I hope you enjoy.
I do. I would recommend National Treasure. It was written by Orson Wells.
Yes that is a great movie. It was released in 2004.
Yes that is a great movie. I think this is also a Romantic Comedy starring Kate Walsh.
I can't add that right now.
You're welcome!
Absolutely, East of Eden, The Pearl of the World and Travels with Charley: In search of America is all wiritten by John Steinbeck. Do you like these?
It is a Fiction Novel
The novel was published in 1991 and it is about a children's literature.
I know that Chelsea is a woman that was born in Murrieta.
Right! Soccer isn't my thing right now. I don't know much about the football team. I don't follow the sport personally, so I'm not much of a football fan.
I'm not sure. I know it's a similar team to the Manchester United F.C. team.
I'm not sure. I know they play in London though.
They're good. Pete Carroll is a good coach. What do you think?
Michael Heim wrote Im Westen nichts Neues, have you read it?
I would recommend both Radiance and Warbreaker.
Yes, he did also write The Hero of Ages. It is a great book!
No, That was also released in 2008
Sure, have a great day
It's a crime thriller starring Robert Downey, Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal
If you like Robert Downy Jr., he also starred in Zodiac, which is a crime Thriller. Have you seen that one?
If you like action films, you might also like Without a Trace. It is another one of my favorites!
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
He directed The Usual Suspects, X-Men, X-Men 2 , Superman Returns and more. Are you interested in any of these?
Sure! Bryan Singer directed the movie X-Men 2.
Yes, it is a Thriller / Sci-Fi.
I like super hero thrillers, do you know X-Men 2?
You are welcome, have a great day!
Yes, it was released in 2000. It is a thriller/adventure/action film. Do you like that genre?
I like his movies a lot, some of his movies are The Last Airbender and Unbreakable.
Green Zone is another good one, have you seen it?
Enjoy your movies!
Sure Terry Gilliam wrote The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus which has genre in Adventure. Do you like adventure films?
Adventure is an action film also starring Charlize Theron.
Sure
You're welcome
Sure, The Lucky One is a romantic drama written by Will Fetters and Nicholas Sparks, are you a fan of this author?
Have you read The Notebook or The Best of Me?
The Wedding was released in 2007 and is in the romance genre.
Yes, Zane Grey is a Vanessa Redgrave novel by the same author, who wrote The Wedding.
You're welcome.
The Wolf of Wall Street stars Leonardo DiCaprio, do you like it because you like his movies?
This film was released in 1999. It also stars Ethan Hawke.
Great, enjoy the movie!
Hmm, I don't know that one! What kind of book is it?
You might also enjoy The Clan of the Cave Bear. It was written by Jean M. Auel.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Callum Rennie is in Fifty Shades of Grey and Fifty Shades of Grey.
Yes, Callum Rennie starred in a comedy also. It is a movie.
That was written by Vladimir Nabokov and Mervyn Peake. Nabokov also wrote рилаение на кан
I'm not sure who wrote it, but the book is in the fiction genre.
Here are some good ones: How to Win Friends and Influence People, and How to Train Your Dragon.
Yes, Gillian Flynn also wrote Dark Places. She's similar to the author, Gillian Flynn.
The Scar is in the genre of Mystery and Thriller, it was released in 1985.
It was directed by Kurt Wimmer. Do you like Kurt Vonnegut Jr?
He directed The Theory of Everything. Did you know he also directed The Theory of Everything?
The King is a drama and a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Would you like to watch it?
I don't have any more recommendations about him but he was in World War Z.
He was in The Scar and House of Mirth.
You are welcome.
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories ?
Yes, it is a book, similar to The House of Seven Gables.
I believe it was released in 2016. Have you read any of his books?
Sure! Brave was directed by Roland Emmerich. If you like his movies, you might also like The Incredibles. Have you seen this one?
The Edge of Tomorrow was a good one, as is White Night.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know he is a soccer player, do you like soccer?
I am not sure about that. I don't really follow soccer much.
Yes he does
Yes, I do. I think he wrote The Bourne Legacy. Have you read that?
Yes. To Kill a Mockingbird and The Manchurian Candidate are similar.
It's a drama. Jeffrey DeMunn and Katherine Heigl are in it.
Certainly! Enjoy.
I'm aware that he's an athlete that plays cricket, what do you know?
I don't know anything about cricket, is it popular?
It seems like they are playing in a few games. It's not very popular overseas but I've heard a lot about it.
Yes, She wrote If You Take a Mouse to the Movies, If You Give a Pig a Pancake and many other titles.
Yes, it was. That's the same year If You Give a Mouse a Cookie was released.
I don't have that information. However, If you Give a Pig a Pancake was released in 1985.
No problem! I am happy to help.
No, I haven't. Is it the writer who wrote Wild Cards?
No, I don't have that information.
Perfect Chemistry is written by Roald Dahl. What other books do you like by her?
Harold Ramis wrote, directed, and starred in Ratatouille. Have you seen that one?
Since you like comedies, I would recommend Happy Gilmore. It is also a very good movie.
Sorry, I do not have that information
I'm not finding anything on the book but I know he was born in New York.
Of course! Similar books would include Xenocide and Wolf Brother. Would you like to read those?
He's a great author. You should check out The Lost Hero, it is a good read.
Hello, yes I think The Night Circus is a good novel. It is a fantasy
Yes. It was written by Nicholas Sparks and made into a movie starring Miley Cyrus. Do you like books by Sparks?
Yes, True Believer is a crime novel by Nicholas Sparks. Other books by him are The Notebook and The Notebook.
That book is called True Believer and it was released in 2003. Would you like to read it?
It is a crime fiction.
No problem!
David Levinson is a great cowboys fan. Are you a Levinson fan?
I don't know much about the Cowboys, but I do know they are owned by Jim Thorpe.
Yeah, I've heard they're very good.
Yes, he starred in Jumbo. He is an author, athlete, and actor.
Yes, he was. Slumdog Millionaire was an indie film.
I agree, I enjoy horror films, as well as Siodmark. I highly recommend it.
Sure. The Last Hero is similar to To Kill A Mockingbird, which is fiction.
No, Harper Lee
Your welcome.
I'm a big fan of badminton and I loved watching the 2012 Olympics. What about you?
No, I haven't.
Yes, I know Serena Williams is a tennis player from India.
I love him! I especially enjoy his earlier music with Maroon 5
Yes, she's a famous singer.
Sure, the other label that wrote are Aftermath Entertainment and A Fish Out of Water.
Xander Berkeley, Omari Hardwick and Nicholas Cage starred in Kick Ass.
It is a Thriller.
It was released in 2008.
Nicolas Cage starred in Lord of War and Bangkok Dangerous.
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a comedy.
He is first in Romeo and Juliet.
Anytime!
No, I haven't heard his music but I know that he is very talented, he is very talented!
Yes, Zakira is very talented. I like him. I heard he is a good songwriter.
That was quite a bit of time for him. I am not sure who he is. I know he is from Switzerland.
I can recommend a movie Chaos, it is thriller. Have you ever seen it?
The Assassination of Jesse James is a great one. It's a thriller and a mystery.
It is also a romantic comedy, and it was directed by David Ayer.
Good choice! Enjoy!
Gangs of New York starring Daniel Day-Lewis of course! Round Midnight is one I suggest.
Yes, I would suggest The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo if you like Liam Neeson.
If you like Liam Neeson, you might also like The Missing. It's a historical drama.
You're welcome
The Great Gatheringby is written by Scott Fitzgerald and is a Mystery. Do you like books in this genre?
Other books in the same genre are Zoe's Tale and X-Men. Do those sound interesting?
Then you might really like Fifty Shades of Grey.
If you like fiction, you'll like The Three Musketeers.
Sure, it was written by Mark Twain. It's also a children's literature. The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn : Part of series: A Series of Unfortunate Events.
Sure! Lucia Graves wrote La sombra del viento, El otoo del patriarca. Have you read those?
Sure! The novel La sombra del viento was released in 1973. It has a genre Science Fiction and Psychological Thriller. Do you like those genres?
That's cool! I hope you enjoy it.
Sure! Enjoy!
I'm not sure, but I know she is an actress who starred in The Muppets.
It was released March 24, 1986
I dont know she starred in the Muppets but the musical comedy she did star in the Muppets
The Muppets is a musical comedy , she also starred in the movie Star Trek
I do. Do you like them? They are an AFC North division.
i don't know much about him, other than he is from Santo Domingo.
Of course, have a good day.
Do you like Spirit Bound because it's a paranormal romance, or because it's urban fantasy?
Other young adult fiction books are The Golden Lily and Succubus Blues.
Fault in Our Stars has a genre of Young-adult fiction and Speculative Fiction. Would you like to know more about these genres?
Absolutely! I also recommend X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Xenocide and Rainbow.
Yes, its written by Lois Lowry and the genre is Speculative fiction.
Lois Lowry also wrote; Gathering Blue, Anastasia Krupnik, and The Giver. Are you interested in any of these?
The Giver is a speculative fiction book.
Christopher Bigsby wrote The Crucible and All My Sons have you seen those?
You might also enjoy The Crucible by Christopher Bigsby.
Sure! Do you like Wes Anderson movies or or romance films in general?
He wrote Assault on Precinct 13, a graphic novel.
Some of the actors in that film are Jenifer Lewis and Robert De Niro. It was released in 1999.
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it was written by Quentin Tarantino.
Sure! It stars Roger Avary and is a drama, released in 1982. It was directed by Roland Emmerich.
He is probably most known for his role in The Salmon of Doubtfire. He's also in The Fault in Our Stars, in case you like him.
Sorry, I don't have that information. However, if you like horror you might like Zombieland.
I liked her in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Have you watch that movie?
The top three of her films that she starred in were A View to Kill and Unbreakable.
You're welcome
Yes, I love her. Her music is very Influential but she is also a talented actress.
You should definitely check out her songs, they're really good.
I'm not sure, but I believe she has a good voice. She's from Nashville, too.
Sure, Colleen McCullough wrote The Thorn Birds and The First Man in Rome.
The Thorn Birds was released in Rome in 1956. It is a Drama/Comedy.
The House is a movie with the same name. You might like that one.
Alison Doody starre in A View to Kill and A prayer for the Dying. Have you heard of these?
Produced by George Lucas, he's a great actor
River Phoenix was also in it. Do you like any other action movies?
you are welcome
Are you looking for other books by J.K. Rowling, or do you just prefer the fantasy genre of the book?
You might enjoy The Fault in Our Stars or The Forest House.
You're welcome
Sure! Have you read Rebecca? It was written by Daphne du Maurier and is a really good read.
Rebecca was released in 1938.
No, there is no English version.
Yes, I like him in This is 40.
The Muse is a great movie! The Muse is written by Stephenie Meyer and Martin Scorsese starred in The Muse.
Most definitely! The Muse is a bit old, but I haven't seen any of his movies.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I can. Despicable me 2 is starring Steve Carell. He also starred in The Incredibles.
Steve Carell is a great actor. He has also starred in The Sound of Music and The Lion King. Have you seen either of these?
Of course, you're welcome.
Sure! Wilson Rawls wrote a series called We Are Six. Have you heard of it?
Susan Meissner wrote Winter's Tale, a mystery novel. Would you like to know more about this?
You are welcome, enjoy!
You are welcome, enjoy!
The Terminator is a Sci-Fi movie. Would you like similar recommendations?
Absolutely, I like Will Smith too. He also starred in I, Robot, Seven Pounds and I am Legend.
You are welcome. I hope you like it.
Well, I'm a Niners fan, sadly, so I'm not really watching the Eagles. What's your favorite team?
Tom Brady and Patriots lost to the Patriots today. Are you a Patriots fan?
No, but I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan.
He had some good movies like Yellow Submarine. Did you know that Paul McCartney acted in this film?
He wrote Got a Gun as well.
You might enjoy The Black Dahlia then. It is a comic book.
I have The Hangover, X-Men, and The Incredible Hulk. Would you like any others?
Wonderful! The Postman has genre Adventure, if you haven't seen that.
You're welcome.
Enjoy your day.
Pearl Harbor was released in 1971 and was written by James Patterson. It is a Action movie, do you like Action movies?
I am not sure. There is another movie similar to Pearl Harbor that you may enjoy.
Yes, I love anything by J.K. Rowling, especially the Harry Potter series. Do you have a favorite Harry Potter book?
There is. It is directed by J.K. Rowling.
Gremlins wrote that one. I don't have any more information on that one.
No problem. Enjoy the movie!
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
Oh, I don't know much about basketball either. I think he's a point guard.
You're right, it stars Steve James. Would you like me to add it to your watch list?
No I haven't seen it yet. Is it a comedy?
I do, she wrote The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
It is a Science, Science, Psychological Thriller.
You're welcome, enjoy.
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football team based in Denver Broncos
Yes the Packer is a team, and they are a great team.
I like basketball and football. What about you?
Robert Duvall starred a few Americam Film like tha Apostle, God Father. Have you seen this movie?
Certainly! A couple of my favorite actors would be Richard Condon and Farrah Fawcett. Are you familiar with either?
You're welcome.
I'm not a big PGA fan, but I know that he is married to Zoe White.
He did. He's a great golfer. He's had a chance to win those games.
He was in Oh, I wonder if he's been in Snowboarding. Have you seen that?
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like sci-fi movies?
If you liked that one, you might enjoy The Scorpion King or The Matrix Revolutions.
The Adjustment Bureau stars Tom Wilkinson and Bill Pullman. It is considered science fiction as well.
You might also like The Adjustment Bureau. Have you seen that one yet?
I know he is a quarterback from Texas other than that...
I do not follow football much either I know he is a wide receiver. What sport do you like?
I have not seen it either. I heard Wesley Snipes is a great actor.
Yes, I haven't read it, but I know that it's a paranormal romance, urban fantasy, young adult fiction book. Is that your favorite genre?
It is and Richelle Mead wrote the Vampire Academy series
No that's the only one I know of
No problem
Do you like Young-adult fiction?
The genre is Young-adult fiction.
Sure. The Very Hungry Caterpillar is a similar book. It was written by Joseph Heller.
I am sorry, I do not have any information on any other books.
One of my favorites is The Invisible Man. It's a children's literature.
Yes, White Fang is also in the Young-adult fiction genre.
The Hotel New Hampshire is a very popular one.
You're welcome.
Bruce Greenwood starred in The Republic of Love with Gary Farmer. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure who else starred in it, but Jackie Burroughs was in The Republic of Love.
No problem. Enjoy!
Are you referring to the football player for the Green Bay Packers?
I don't have that information either. I do know Aaron Rodgers won the Super Bowl at this moment though.
Mike McCarthy also plays for the Packers. Would you like to know of any other players?
Yes, she wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read either ?
I don't have any more information on a Historian, but I can tell you she was influenced by Dante Alighieri and George Clooney.
I don't have any facts about her but I do know that she was influenced by Truman Capote.
You're welcome.
The book was written by Sissy Spacek, who also wrote The Secret Life of Bees. Have you read that one?
Yes, along with Winnie the Pooh. Have you read this one?
Yes, it is. It is the next in the series of  Rabbit.
No problem, enjoy.
I am not a big basketball fan but I do know Jay-Z is owned by Jay-Z.
Oh my gosh, it's been awhile ago. But I don't know much about him. So don't know much about him.
I don't know much about the Greek Freaks. I'm more of a Greek fan.
Yes, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by Steve Kloves. Would you like to read it?
Yes he did. Wonder Boys was released in 2016
Yes, Linkin Park is still a book with Ty Burrell, have you heard of it?
The Road is a postmodernism piece written by Cormac McCarthy who wrote a gnarly movie, No Country for Old Men.
Have you read Where the Wild Things Are? It is a post-apocalyptic fiction.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
He normally does Tragedy.
I'm not sure if he does science fiction but I think he is most famous for his novel The Human Division.
You're welcome!
Do you like Tom Hanks as an actor?
Great! Then you might also like Kidnapped and The Green Mile. Have you seen those?
They are both Drama movies. Stephen King also starred in The Green Mile.
You're welcome!
Yes, she is an author who wrote Tina Feys biography. Do you like her books?
Yes, i also like her on Saturday Night Live. Do you like Saturday Night Live?
Yes, I like the show many times. Do you have a favorite show?
I'm not sure, but the Invention of All-Americans also starred Tom Hanks.
Yes, 30 Rock was released in 1995.
Yeah. I know she plays the forward position in soccer/football but not much else.
Well, he's from Washington DC, actually. He's a famous athlete who plays midfielder and forward.
Yeah. She is an author and a soccer player. She has a lot of titles including Xavier Su'a-Film.
I liked her old song Your Love is my Drug, other than that I am not a huge fan of her. Are you?
Yeah, me too. I like her when she was younger. Do you know her?
Oh, that's interesting. I like Yellow Submarine, he's a song writer, right?
Yes, Beatrice Sparks is a writer and wrote Go Ask Alice.
Yes, and it was released in 2003. Would you like to know more about it?
I'm not sure about that but I I know it was written by Beatrice Sparks.
No problem, enjoy.
Like Ray Bradbury? I know he wrote The Martian Chronicles, and The Illustrated Man.
Yes, it is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, they are by Ray Bradbury.
Of course! You're welcome.
Enjoy!
Yes I do, he directed Freakonomics and Horrible Bosses.
I am not sure who starred in Freakonomics. Do you like that genre?
Cristiano Ronaldo plays on the Real Madrid C.F. a Portugal National Football Team.
Really? I don't know much about soccer but did you know David Beckham was from Barcelona?
Yes, that's correct. I enjoyed seeing her in the film, The Power of Forgiveness.
Total Recall has a genre of thriller and science fiction. Would you like titles related to these genres?
Arnold Schwarzenegger actually starred in The Terminator, Predator, and Total Recall. Would you like to watch any of those?
Great question! Arnold Schwarzenegger is playing the role of True Lies.
The genre is Speculative fiction and drama.
Ella Enchanted is a children's literature book and was released in 2011
There is no information available about Ella Enchanted
You are welcome
Irwin kershner directed the fabulous film Star Wars Episode V- The Empire strikes back which was on of the most successful of all the films
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was also in that movie.
William Lucking starred in The Return of a Man Called Horse.
Well, he wrote madame Bovary a romance. Do you like those kinds of books?
That was released in 1856, do you like his books?
Zoe's Tale was released in 18 Zoe's Tale.
Zoe's Tale is a Sci-Fi book.
Yes of course it written by Kurt Wimmer do you like his work?
Yes he was
No I haven't. What genre is that?
Heart of Darkness is written by Joseph Conrad and is a Fiction Novella.
Certainly. A couple of my favorites are The Portable Atheist and The Secret Agent.
Yes, it is. I hope you enjoy it.
Peter pan is a good one.
It was released in 1904, the same year as The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
Yes, J.M. Barrie is also a famous playwright.
No, I'm not sure. I don't have any other questions about that.
you're welcome.
Emily Bronte wrote The Professor, Shirley and Villette.
It's more of a Gothic Fiction, from what I can tell
Sure! I hope you enjoy them!
Sure, one that I'm familiar with is David Copperfield. Have you read that one?
Charles Dickens also adapted The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club and Oliver Twist.
You're welcome! You are most welcome.
Blood Promise is a young adult fiction book by Richelle Mead. It is part of a series of dark fantasy books.
Yes, it is by Richelle Mead.
I believe it is about a paranormal romance.
Of course! Wicked Lovely is a good one.
He is a swiss professional tennis player. He played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
Not really. I am more of a tennis fan. Do you like tennis?
Sounds like a great plan. Have a great day!
Blake Griffin is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Do you like basketball?
Oh wow, he is from Detroit too!
Haha, I am not sure. I do know that he is tall in The Hall of Fame.
These books are from the Fantasy genre. Something Wicked This Way Comes has a similar feel
Recommendations in the Fantasy genre
You are welcome. what else can i do for you?
Yes, The Help was adapted into a movie and was written by Sissy Spacek. Have you seen it?
Yes, she was also in The Help, which was a Psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
He has been in The Help, which is a very popular film.
Sure, Joseph Kosinski directed The Phantom Tollbooth. Have you seen that?
Yes, he also directed the Interpreter.
Definitely! He is such a wonderful actor. Have you seen any of his movies?
You're welcome!
Pat Conroy is a great author. Did you know he wrote The Water is Wide and The Prince of Tides?
I'm not sure. What genre do you like?
Flannery O'Conner has written a number of books. Would you like to know of any books he has written?
Children's literature
Your welcome.
Yes, she starred in the movie Aliens.
Bill Paxton starred in Zodiac, The Social Network and The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you seen any of these?
If you like Tombstone, you may also like The Truman Show. It's a great movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Pride and Prejudice is written by Jane Austen. Would you like to read it?
Pride and Prejudice has genre Romance Novel. what else can i do for you?
You're welcome
Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards, Rules of Attraction
There are many books in this genre that you might like including Twilight and The Chemist. Would you like to know more about these?
You're welcome, enjoy!
He is a movie director. He directed and starred in Robocop. Do you like Crime movies?
He also directed SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
Total Recall is an science fiction movie starring Dennis Quaid and Jeff Bridges.
Your welcome.
Snow White and the Huntsman was written by John Lee Hancock and stars Will Smith. Would you like to know more about the movie?
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you other movies he's been in.
yes, that is a great family movie.
I don't have any suggestions for that movie but i do know that Zack Ward also starred in the movie.
I'm sure you will love it.
Well, I would recommend Transformers: Dark of the Moon and Titan A.E. Have you seen them?
Have you seen the other Hobbit movies?
The Golden Compass was written by Philip Pullman, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Happy to help.
Ok.
Yes, Collateral was directed by Tom Cruise .Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he did. That was a film adaptation of Public Enemies. Do you like Public Enemies?
Sure! I think you'll enjoy The Proposal and Step Up. Have you seen those?
No problem!
Total Recall has a genre of thriller and science fiction. Would you like titles related to these genres?
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger
Patrick Swayze was also in the movie.
You're welcome.
Yes, I would agree. The Giants are a great team. Who's your favorite team?
Oh wow. I wonder if they made it to the World Series?
I like the Dallas Mavericks. What team do you enjoy?
Denzel Washington, James Wilcox and Denzel Washington star in the Equalizer.
Sure, Chole Grace Moretz starred in The Handmaid's Tale, The Giver, and The Handmaid's Tale.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you The Equalizer was released in 1999.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy!
I don't know a whole lot, just that she's a Table Tennis player and is quite good at it. Do you follow her?
Yep, he's from China. The only thing I know about him is he was born in China.
Yes, it is. He was in it too. Have you seen Taken 2,?
He wrote The Man who was Mark Twain: Images and Ideologies
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and the Adventures of Huckleberry Finn are also great books.
Mark Twain is also an author. He has written The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson.
Sure! He has written The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. He is also a teacher.
Enjoy
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She has other books, Do you like the Romance genre?
Sense and Sensibility, Pride and Prejudice, and Persuasion. Have you read any of those?
Persuasion is a romance novel set in 1817.
The Hunt for Red October and the movie is written by Tom Clancy. Do you like him?
The genre is Action and Adventure.
You're welcome!
Ben Stiller wrote Zookeeper and The Avengers. Would you like to know more about one of them?
Yes, he was. Do you like comedies?
Yes, he was. There was another one with Ben Stiller in that movie. It is considered a romantic comedy.
Very glad I could help.
I like the song Crossroads. Did you know she was in a relationship with Timberlake?
Yes, I think I remember when she was on that show. Do you like her?
I have seen the movie Friends with Benefits, which was a comedy. Do you like that genre?
The Terminal is a drama, so some other dramas that may be similar are The Ring Two and Fateless.
It is a book that was released in 2012 and written by Liisa Garner.
Yes, The Terminal is a comedy. I think you would like it. Those are some good movies to check out.
You're welcome, enjoy!
sure, he starred in Tom Horn, The War Lover and the Reivers, what genre of films you prefer more his drama or action?
It came out in 2002. Would you like to know who else was in it?
Great. He also starred in The Tailor of Panama and Inferno.
You're welcome! Enjoy the movie!
Heart of Darkness was written by Joseph Conrad and has genres Novella and Fiction. Do you like these genres?
Mary Doria Russell
The Very Hungry Caterpillar is a picture book. The Very Busy Spider is a picture book.
Of course! If you like Monty Python, you might like Life on Brain.
It was released in 1900.
F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote the Wizard of Oz. He is wonderful.
Yes it is. Tales of Oz is another adventure book written by George Cukor.
Ok, can I help you with anything else?
Are you referring to Lionel Messi who plays for the Argentina national football team?
Oh, that's really funny. I had no idea he was born in Barcelona. I love his music.
He was a great man. I didn't know he was born in Paris!
Yes, he is. He's lead in The Fugitive. Did you know that Tom Hanks starred in it?
Would you like to know about any movies he has directed?
Of course, Added to queue for movies.
He directed The Perks of Being a Wallflower. Do you like the Romance genre?
Stephen Chbosky starred in it.
Yes, she was. She was also in The Perks of Being a Wallflower.
I'm not sure if he directed another movie, but I do know that Emma Watson starred in The Perks of Being a Wallflower.
No problem.
Yes I do. It is written by Anne Rice, it stars Brad Pitt and Tom Cruise
Tom Cruise also starred in Days of Thunder, Vanilla Sky and The Last Samurai.
Andres Iniesta is a soccer player from Spain. Are you a fan of soccer?
Is that the team owned by Magic Johnson and Frank McCourt?
Yes they are a Goof team.
That is true. The Giants are a great team.
Yes, the world series is always fun to watch. I like the Dodgers.
Oh, I adored that movie. It starred Meryl Streep, Emily Blunt and Anne Hathaway. Do you want a recommendation based off genre?
Then you might enjoy Aline Bronna. She also wrote The Dark Knight Rises. Have you seen that?
Enjoy!
Sure, he starred in Treasure Planet, The Three Lives of Thomasina and The Phantom. Are you looking for any particular genre?
Yes, that is correct. Robert De Niro was in it as well. Do you like his acting?
Sure, the one stars Thomas Lennon and Robert Downey Jr.. I think you'll like it.
William Friedkin directed The Hunted, The French Collection, and The Exorcist just to name a few.
It is an action film. Would you like me to send it to you?
Same here! I really like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee.
No problem, enjoy!
Pearl S Buck wrote The good Earth. Did you know she was also an actor?
It is a romance. Do you like romance movies?
No, that is the only movie I have on Black-White.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I know that Kevin McHale is one of their major players though
I like most sports actually. I'm more of a football fan
The sport is great, who is your favorite sport?
He directed Little Miss Sunshine starring Paul Dano.
He also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
Sure, some of the actors in that movie are Joaquin Phoenix, Anne Hathaway, Charlie Bewley.
Alan Arkin has been in many classics including The Robots of Dawn and The Ground Beneath Her Feet.
Yes she is. She lost to Serena Williams.
She is currently number 66.
You are welcome, I hope you have a good day.
Three Cups of Tea
Sure! Ralph Steadman starred in The Three Musketeers and The Man in the High Castle. Have you seen either?
He also wrote a book called Neverwhere. Have you heard of it?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
The genre is Speculative fiction do you enjoy that genre?
She also wrote Fairest and The Two Princesses of Bamarre, have you read either?
Yes it is a fantasy novel, do you like fantasy?
Of course, Tombs of Atuan is also written by Gail Carson Levine and is a fantasy.
I'm not a fan of the Denver Broncos, but I like their coach John Fox. Are you a fan?
I do not know that they are in the NFC South division
I agree, and he was a free agent.
I don't know much about him other than he plays football. I do know he is from Argentina. Do you like football?
He currently plays for the Argentina national football team, but my favorite team is the Redskins.
Well, I'm not a big soccer fan so I don't know much about the team if I'm not mistaken.
Are you looking for books written by Jeff Kinney? Jeff Kinney also wrote The Long Haul.
I believe it is a romantic comedy. You should read it if you haven't seen it.
No problem! Enjoy!
Apocalypto is a war film written and directed by James Dashner. What genres do you like?
I don't have any information on what he directed, but he wrote Apocalypto is a Romance film.
Sure! The Passion of the Christ is starring Hristo Shopov as well as Maia Morgenstern.
Sure, no problem!
Divergent is from the Utopian and Dystopian fiction genre. Would you be interested in other films in that genre?
She wrote Insurgent and Free Four: Tobias Tells the Divergent Story
You are welcome.
Yes, that's correct.
It was written by Cecelia Ahern and released in 2003. It become a movie too. Have you seen it?
Yea, she wrote quite a few. She also wrote The Chronicles of Narnia and The Lion, The Witch and the Wardrobe.
It is a fiction novel.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is a great movie. Another similar movie is The Chamber of Secrets. Have you seen that one?
Cool! The Golden Compass is written by Steve Kloves, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Philip Pullman wrote the movie and he is great. Do you like his movies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Renny starred in Cuttroat Island which happens to be a family film
Yes, he also wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Tom Amandes and Yvonne Zima also starred in The Long Kiss Goodnight.
You are welcome.
I don't know much about her other than he composed Titanium. Are you a fan of him?
I don't have any favorite singer, but I hear she's really good. Do you have a favorite song?
Didn't Ricky Martin play the piano?
It was written by Jojo Moyes. Do you like the author Jojo Moyes?
Me Before You was written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Invisible Man and The Caves of Steel.
I do not know who starred in it but I do know it was directed by Marc John Jefferies.
I do! She's a Danish tennis player. Do you like her?
I agree. He's one of my favorite tennis players.
Yes, they are very interesting.
I think Mike Woodson is their coach. Do you like them?
Oh, yea he is a good small forward too.
I have never seen it if I've seen it before.
Yes, he is a great football player form Wales.
I watch it sometimes. I like American Football. Are you a fan of that sport?
It is a very good movie. you should watch it if you like Jerry Maguire.
He wrote The Water is Wide, The Prince of Tides and The Lords of Discipline.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
He also wrote The Water is Wide
Not a problem
The Battle of the Labyrinth is a young adult fiction book written by Rick Riordan. Do you like this author?
Sure, Fear Nothing was written by Rick Riordan. It is a Young-adult fiction book.
Absolutely, Fear is a Non-fiction and Speculative fiction.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Oh yes! That's a great book written by Stuart M. Kaminsky. What else can I tell you about it?
Sure! Once Upon a Time in the West is a 1990s Western film directed by Sergio Leone. It is based on a classic novel by Mickey Knox.
Of course! The Good, the Bad and the Ugly is an action film, was produced by Stuart Wilson. I'm sure you'll like it.
It is written by Cassandra Clare and a crime thriller. It was released in 2002.
To Kill a Mockingbird by Robert Duvall is a great drama movie, also starring Alice Braga.
The Manchurian Candidate is a 1962 American suspense thriller film directed by Robert Duvall, starring Vincent D'Onofrio and Elizabeth George Speare.
Yes, The Manchurian Candidate was written by Richard Condon. It's a thriller.
That is a Zombie Film starring Leonardo DiCaprio. Are you a fan?
He is a composer/DJ. Some of his work is Where Have You Been and Yeah x3. Do you know his work?
he is actually a composer and he wrote some songs like Where Have You Been, and We Found Love.
Andy Murray is a great player, what do you think of him?
I like tennis. I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer. What about you?
Woody Harrelson, I think he is a great tennis player. I like the Venus better.
Sure, Sylvia Day wrote You Again, have you heard of it?
Non-Fiction
You're welcome
You seem to like Rob Riggle, he starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys.
I don't know what songs she sing, but I do like The Weeknd. Do you like The Weeknd?
Yes, you're right. I think he's a great singer. Do you like his music?
I like Sia Furler, do you know if he's in a relationship with Jordin Sparks?
She is a good Lyricist as well as singers. I can't think of any of her songs right now.
Yes, Virat Kohli is an Indian international cricketer who currently captains the India national team.
What's his national team?
Yes, she was in that movie with Justin Timberlake.
Sure! Bob Peck starred on Jurassic Park, Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow. Have you seen those?
Yes, Bill Paxton also starred in the Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
Yes, that is a great movie. Kevin Costner also starred in it as well. I think it was a comedy.
That's correct! It was released in 1989.
Of it's genres, do you prefer Fantasy or Adventure?
The Hobbitt: An Unexpected Journey is a book by James Patterson, based on his books. Have you seen it?
Sure! The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones stars Ricky Gervais. It's also a Fantasy film, if you like those.
Yes! Kevin Zegers also starred in Zoom. It's a science fiction film.
No problem!
Can You Keep a Secret was written in English by Sophie Kinsella, and was released in 2003. Would you like to know more?
She also wrote Wedding Night and Twenties Girl
True Grit is a drama Novel by her. It's more of a historical period drama.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No problem! Have a great day!
I know he plays cricket, but I haven't ever really watched it before.
I'm not a fan of cricket, but I do know he plays on the India national team.
Well, from what I've heard, it's been a while since I was a kid. I was a kid when he was playing, but now it seems like he's still playing.
Sure, did you like Sharp Objects because it was the genre Suspense/Mystery?
I'm not sure if she has written anything similar to Sharp Objects, but it was released in 2010 and was an Action/Adventure novel. Do you like those genres?
It is. It's in the genres of Mystery , Mystery, and Crime Fiction.
Sure. Dominic Copper starred in Warcraft and The History Boys.
Yes, it is a musical theater. Are you into that genre?
I am sorry, I do not have any more information on Warcraft.
You're welcome. Enjoy.
Anne-Marie is a singer. Is that who you mean?
I think The Chicago Cubs are an American professional baseball team based in Chicago, Illinois
Yes, I've been to a Mile High Stadium. It was great place to visit.
No, I've never seen it. It was really cool. I enjoyed the game when it first came out.
That's a good one. I'm a Packers fan as well.
It came out in 2013, but I don't know much about it.
He wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Small Steps. They are both childrens literature. Do you enjoy reading that genre?
The Wayside School was released in 1989 which is the same year that Wayside School was released. Have you read that?
I'm pretty sure it is a children's literature, do you like children's literature?
Yes, Phil Mickelson is pretty great. He won the 2010 PGA Championship and he's also a former world No. 1 in singles.
Ah I see. He is a great golfer. Did you know Phil won the 2012 PGA Championship?
Oh yeah! He is! He's a great actor. I loved that movie. It also has a comedy called Kick-Ass.
Great! Those are great dramas.
The Time Machine, The Invisible Man and The War of the Worlds are some of his notable works.
I don't know when it was released. But if you like sci-fi you might also enjoy X-Men: The War of the Worlds.
Nope, I haven't seen it yet. Is it a good movie?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
No I don't have that information at this moment but I do know it was adapted into a film. You should see it.
He is a pretty good shooting guard, plus he won the NBA sixth Man of the Year Award.
Yes, he is definitely a good shooting guard.
You're welcome.
I am not a fan of the Yankees. They are in the American League which is the same as the Baltimore Orioles which is my favorite team!
The Yankees play in the American League East and have not played in the World Series since 2003. are you a fan?
Of course, the Yankees play in the American League East and have not played in the World Series since 2003.
It is a psychological thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like that genre?
oh ok. Steven Spielberg and James Franco are the main stars, do you like them?
A recent one with a slasher is The Trouble with Harry. Have you heard of it?
I am not familiar with the football club. I don't follow soccer. Is that your favorite sport?
Yes, he is. Are you a football fan?
Yes they both have been in it.
Sure, do you like Rocky because it stars Sylvester Stallone or because it was a thriller?
He starred in The House of Mirth, Lolita, and Catch-22. Have you seen any of these?
Creed is a thriller, directed by Joel Coen, starring Matt Damon. Would you like to see it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Michael Crichton is not only an author but a film producer and screenwriter. He wrote the book Disclosure. Does this interest you?
The Great Train Robbery is a comedy and drama. It was released in 1996.
You're welcome!
I don't know. I'm sorry. He's a great actor. Did you know he stars in a lot of movies?
Jessica Pare and Phyllida Law
He also directed The Good Doctor
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen and it's a Romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, the genre for this book is a romance novel.
Falling Up and Will Grayson are a couple of good examples of that genre.
The Time Machine was written by H.G. Wells, who also wrote The War of the Worlds.
He directed Safety Not Guaranteed, starring Julie Andrews. Have you seen it?
It is considered a thriller and a romance. Do you like that genre?
You may like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I liked him in Things Behind The Sun. Did you see that?
I'm not sure about that. I'm sure it was good.
Yes, it is. Would you like to see it?
That's a very good one! I think you'd enjoy it.
I liked them better when Jason Witten was playing, but they're still a pretty good team. Are you a fan of the Cowboys?
mascot is the Staples Center and he was born in 1960
Breathing Lessons is a good one.
He directed Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. Great movie!
Also in that movie he directed, I would recommend Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back.
I'm sorry, I don't have any more information on him.
Gillian Flynn. She's from the United States.
Gillian Flynn also wrote Sharp Objects, Dark Places, and Dark Places.
I don't know any authors similar to Gillian Flynn, but I do know he wrote Dark Places.
Yes, I agree.
Yes I like science fiction. I am going to add these to my list.
Great. Have a good day!
Ravichandran Ashwin is a star athlete. He plays cricket. Do you like cricket?
I don't know much about cricket, do you follow it?
I agree! He's one of the best cricketers of all time.
I have not, but I would love to. I like to visit cricket a little more time. Have you been to any game?
I like football and baseball. Do you like any other sports?
You too!
I am not familiar with their team. I'm more of a fan of the Dallas Mavericks. What do you think of them?
It is both. Looper is in the comedy genre. Do you like comedies?
Yes, Warlock is a classic. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes. It's a zombie movie. If you like zombie movies, you might also like Zero Dark Thirty.
You might also enjoy the X-Men movie series.
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like his work?
You may enjoy The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. It is by E.B. White.
Erich Maria Remarque wrote Im Westen nichts Neues, and Drei Kameraden
I'm not sure about that but I know Maria Remarque was born in 1938.
Yes, it does have a English version.
You're welcome. Have a wonderful day.
I know she is great at tennis and is dating golfer, Rory McElroy
She plays tennis, right? I'm not a big sports fan, but she has overcome a lot from her childhood.
Yes, Williams is a great tennis player. I think Michelle Pfeiffer is also a great player as well.
Yes I did. I like it as well.
I agree, and I love the fashion.
Is that written by Tennessee Williams, and part of the Southern Gothic genre?
Tennessee Williams also wrote Cat on a Hot Tin Roof.
Yes, he wrote Cat on a Hot Tin Roof too.
you are welcome
In the Woods was written by Tana French. She also wrote The Likeness.
In the Woods is speculative fiction and fantasy. Do you like those types of books?
No problem enjoy.
He is an author who wrote Thirteen Moons and The Cold Light of Day. Have you heard of those books?
Hmm, I'm not showing any films he has directed but is there anything in particular you would like to know about him?
No, I don't have that information, but I think you would like it. he is one of the lead actors.
Sure, you might like The Prestige and The Dark Knight
No problem
The Minnesota Vikings are playing the New England Patriots today. Coach Mike Zimmer has an uphill battle against a team like the Patriots.
The Vikings are second in the NFC North along with the New England Patriots.
I like the New England Patriots, though. How about you?
Andrew Garfield starred in The Social Network and The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you seen either of those?
The Social Network starred Aaron Sorkin and Rashida Jones
The Social Network is a Biographical Drama starring Andrew Garfield
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
I believe it is a drama, but I don't have much information on the film.
2010 is the sequel to The Social Network, and The Other Boleyn Girl.
You're welcome.
Of course, Ang Lee starred in Hollywood Chinese have you seen that yet?
It also starred William H. Macy and Jessie J. Do you like their movies?
He also wrote The Wedding Date and The Fault in Our Stars.
It is a young-adult fiction book written by Christopher Paolini, have you read it?
No, Paolini has only written a few fiction type novels including Eldest. Would you like to hear more about this?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Throne of Glass was written by Sarah J. Maas. She also wrote the Assassin and the Desert.
It was released in 2016. Do you like thrillers?
Wonderful. Enjoy!
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion, which was released 1817
Yes, it's also been made into a movie. I'm not sure who else wrote it, but I do know that it was released in 1817.
Yes, I have. Would you like me to recommend other works by Shauna Lynch?
I believe she plays badminton. I remember when I heard that people played badminton professionally, I couldn't believe it. I used to play all the time as a kid.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that one.
I believe the only information I have on that one.
Malcolm Gladwell also wrote What the dog saw and other Adventures.
He directed Seven Psychopaths? Do you like dark comedies?
Yes, he is a scientist and composer. Are you a fan?
No, he did not. Have you seen X-Men 2? It's hilarious.
Robin Williams starred in Mrs. Doubtfire. Have you seen it?
Have you seen We Bought a Zoo? It's such a good family movie.
It stars Woody Harrelson, Cameron Crowe, and Cameron Diaz.
Sure, I'll add that right now.
I know it was written by Homer and it's actually a film. Have you seen it?
Pride and Prejudice is another example of that genre.
Yes, they are both Renaissance poems. Beowulf is a classic.
I like the Bears but I haven't been to a long time since they are runner-up in super bowl XLVIII.
Yes, that's true. Did you know Seattle is also a Football team?
No, but Russel Wilson is a good player. He's a 49ers fan.
Sure, it stars Sandra Bullock and Ryan Reynolds.
Mary Steenburgen (who's been around for a long time) and Craig T. Nelson also star in it. If you like a comedy, you should check it out.
Sure, Oceanss 8, The Blind Side, The Proposal, and Gravity just to name a few.
I like The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October which are also written by him.
It is actually a novel by Charlaine Harris. Alive is a classic.
Yes it is! It was also written by him: The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October.
They are owned by Woody Johnson. I think Mike Woodson is their coach - right?
The owner is Mike Woodson
Not sure but they are a part of the NFC South.
You're Welcome
It was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Ralph Fiennes and Colin Farrell.
I would recommend Minority Report, if you liked him in that film.
I'm sorry, I do not have any others that I've seen. I hope you enjoy!
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I really don't like them. I love their coach, John Fox. Are you a fan?
I am not sure, but I know John Fox is a part of the Denver Broncos. Are you a fan of him?
Sure, it has Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, and Michelle Rodriguez in it. Do you like them?
No, I believe that's the one. Have you seen it?
I think I've seen X-Men 2 or World War Z. I love those movies.
No problem.
Have you seen the whole series? Do you like Sci-Fi?
Yes, the movie is based on the book.
Okay, a good read!
No problem!
Yes, Jordan Spieth American professional golfer. Do you play golf?
I didn't know he was a person from Dallas. I think he was in the Olympics.
Yes, it is. I usually watch soccer from time to time and I really like it.
Yes, I am. She wrote I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings, which is a very popular book. Have you read it?
Yea, I believe she's also a teacher.
Sure, it was first published in 1851. It's been a long time since I read it.
Of course, I hope you enjoy them!
I think he wrote она и мир.
James Franco is a wonderful actor. His most well-known role is probably from Spiderman with Toby McGuire. Have you seen that version?
Yes, This is the End is a comedy starring Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
It is considered a comedy-drama.
You're welcome.
You're welcome!
He plays football right? I'm not really a soccer fan.
I don't know much about him except that he plays midfielder position. Do you like football?
Yeah that was a great movie. I enjoyed that movie. Do you see it?
Doctor Zhivago is a really good movie. I haven't seen that one either. I like horror films like that?
Sure, it was written by Rick Riordan, it is a young-adult fiction book.
Yes he did and it's a great speculative fiction
It is a young adult novel, do you like young adult novels?
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society
sorry there is no information about that
Mary Ann Shaffer also wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
I do! He starred in Imagine That. Have you seen it?
Ray Bradbury wrote many books. What kind od genre are you interested in? Speculative fiction, Short Stories
, Fahrenheit 451 is written by Ray Bradbury, would you like other romance novels?
I know that it was released in the year 1851
Sure, have a good day
He plays for FC Barcelona, right? Other than that, I do not know much.
No, I haven't. Do you have any idea of him?
Haha. I like that movie too. Did you know Adam Sandler was in it?
Definitely! Grown Ups is really funny. Especially the movies starring Steve Carell.
Yes, she was. She is a very talented actress.
Joe Morton wrote What Lies Beneath and Thoughtcrimes. Would you like to know more about either of these?
Yes, if you like thrillers you should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
Great. Total Recall is also a science fiction movie. I think you will like it.
No problem.
Yes, Saina Nehwal is a famous badminton player from India. Are you a fan of this sport?
Yes, he competed in the 2012 Olympics.
He is correct he is in the 2012 Olympics.
Do you like Thor because it stars Natalie Portman or because it is a Fantasy movie?
Yes. Robert Downey Jr, Chris Hemsworthworth starred in that one. Would you like to know more about him?
Great! He starred in some good movies like The Incredible Hulk, Thor, and The Avengers. Is there anything else I can help with?
My favorite is The Incredible Hulk, if you haven't seen any of them.
He wrote The Butterfly Effect.
The Butterfly Effect is a psychological thriller that you might be interested in.
The Butterfly Effect is a psychological thriller starring Eric Brees. Eric Brees acted in the movie The Butterfly Effect. It is about a psychological thriller.
William Lee Scott starred in The Final Destination and The Magician's Land.
October Sky is a Crime Fiction Film directed by Eric Brees. Would you like to know more about The Final Destination?
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie.
She's great. I haven't seen any of her movies. But, I like Justin Timberlake better.
Emir Kusturica also starred in Pauly Shore is Dead. Have you seen it?
It was a movie that also starred Pauly Shore is Dead
300 is directed by him.
I dont have that information, but Pencil 300 is a Sci-Fi Thriller, so you might like it.
300 stars Tika Sumpter and Thomas Lennon.
It's a war movie. If you like that type of movie, you might like Zero Dark Thirty.
Yes, it is a great Sci-Fi movie! It was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Vivica A. Fox and David Carradine starred in it. It was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion, which was released 1817
Yes, if you liked that one, you should check out Pride and Prejudice!
Yes, he did. It is a good film.
Sure, it is written by Cassandra Clare and is young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
The Shadowhunter's Codex is another book written by her.
I'm not sure but there is a movie written by Paula Hawkins
Tom Cruise starred in Mission impossible Rogue Nation so if you like him he also starred in Valkyrie.
Yes, he was Days of Thunder also starring Robert Duvall.
You might enjoy the next in the Mission Impossible - Ghostbusters starring Tom Cruise.
You are welcome.
I think they're a good team. They lost their game today by 3 points.
Not really, I am more of a Steelers fan. What is your favorite team?
Yeah, I'm a Niners fan to be honest. I don't even know a lot about football. My favorite team is the Cowboys.
The book was written by Jodi Picoult, who also wrote The Plain Truth.
Yes, The Tenth Circle is also written by Jodi Picoult.
No, I don't have any information on that one.
Isn't he a midfielder? I don't like soccer that much.
I see. I'll have to check this out. I like football better than actual football.
I agree that it is a lot of fun to watch.
Sure, she wrote The Sweet Far Thing, The Diviners and Rebel Angels, are you a fan?
The Sweet Far Thing is speculative fiction and The Diviners is fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
I'm sorry I don't have anything else in the fantasy genre but I do have The Sweet Far Thing series. Would you like to hear more fantasy books?
Yes Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
Yes, but Milan Kundera is from Poland. He was born in Warsaw.
No problem. Anything else I can help with?
I know he is a quarterback from Texas other than that...
I'm not sure, but I do like their coach Tom Benson.
No problem
Yes she is that female golfer. Do you like golf?
Yes, Michael Wie is a female golfer from Honolulu.
Wow, I did not know that. Thanks for the info!
Yes, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like action movies?
I'm not sure who else was in it, but Mike Starr also starred in the film. Have you seen it?
Sure, it was released in 1999.
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
Isn't he married to Cameron Diaz who starred in Shrek 2?
I think so. Do you know of any other movies he has acted in?
I think so. I'm not sure, but I know he is from Chile.
Do you like animated Disney films?
You might enjoy The Princess and the Frog or The Lion King, starring Nathan Lane.
A Good Day to Die Hard is a good Adventure film.
Sure, she wrote The Ship of Brides and also The One Plus One. Have you read either one?
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books, would you be interested in others in the series?
Yes, It's a wonderful book. I have not, is there anything else I can help you with?
I have read that! It is very good.
I like Rafael Nadal, he's a great tennis player.
I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer. What about you?
Yes, that is true. I think Marat Safin is a very good tennis player.
You're welcome!
Sure! Arthur Conan Doyle wrote The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes, The Complete Sherlock Holmes, and The Return of Sherlock Holmes. Do any of these sound interesting to you?
Good choice! The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was released in 1892. It's the same year as The Return of Sherlock Holmes.
Yellow Wallpaper was also released in 1914. I hope you enjoy it.
He wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke. Do you like speculative fiction?
Have you read Xenocide or Wyrd Sisters? They are all mystery books.
No problem, I hope you enjoy.
Yes, it was written by Veronica Roth. Are you a fan of hers?
The Insurgent is a genre of fantasy and was released in 2012.
Yes it was released in 2012. For sure you will like it too!
You are welcome. You are welcome.
Yes, I do! My favorite song by her is a thousand years.
Synthpop and Rock. Do you like any of them?
I dont think she did or play in movies.
I would recommend Thor a Darkness, also starring Chris Hemsworth.
Sure. The Shelters of Stone and The True Confessions of Charlotte Doyle are two popular movies he starred in.
No problem!
Yes, he wrote Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts. Have you read those?
Where There's Smoke has genre Historical fiction, also written Vanishing Acts and was released in 2006.
Where There's Smoke is listed as Young-adult fiction and Children's literature.
I do! He's an athlete, a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Real Madrid and the Brazil national team.
Yes I do. Who is your favorite player?
I like the Patriots. What's your favorite team?
I do not like Cleveland, but i know some of the players.
I love his music. My favorite team is the Cowboys. How about you?
I didn't know that! He might have been to the Superbowl for a while.
Sure, Peter Weir directed Witness and The Truman Show, which are a Crime Fiction Film
Yes he did. It stars Scarlett Johansson, Tom Everett and Anthony Hopkins to name a few.
Yes, she's a good actress. I liked her in Spring Breakers and Spring Breakers.
I like the song Love Song. What is your favorite song?
Of course! Number the Stars is a young-adult fiction book, Is that what you are looking for?
Yes, other books by Lois Lowry include; Anastasia Krupnik and The Giver. The Giver is also a movie. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, it is a great book. Xenocide is a science fiction novel by American writer Orson Scott Card.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome
Yes. Rosemary Wells wrote Charlotte's Web, the Children's Literature. She's a screenwriter as well.
It was. Rosemary Wells also wrote a book called Charlotte's Web which is a historical fiction and based on the book.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, Bradly Cooper starred in The Words, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Tom Hanks starred in The Painted Veil, which is a romance/comedy film.
Sure. Submarine is a historical drama. Do you like that genre?
He is an action movie.
Your welcome!
Sure that was written by Douglas Adams and he wrote Life, the Universe and Everything too.
I highly recommend The Restaurant at the End of the Universe and The Restaurant at the End of the Universe.
Of course, it was released in 1996. It's a Fiction book, and a film adaptation.
Sorry, I don't have that information! Would you like to hear more about The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul?
Absolutely! I'm always happy to help!
I may have heard them perform somewhere before but I can't really place them. Do you know what kind of music they play?
Those are all great ones. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I like them too. I'm more of a White House fan.
I think they are a pretty good team. Do you like Football?
Yes, you are right. He was a linebacker.
I'm a fan of sports. I like the Bears. What sport do you like?
Well, James Frain who is in it is also in Transit (Crime Fiction Film).
Wild Bill starring Jeff Bridges is an Action/Adventure movie. What is that you like?
You are welcome.
L.A. Confidential is a thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like thrillers?
The Silence of the Lambs is also a Mystery. It is a thriller like L.A. Confidential.
You are welcome. Enjoy
Taxi Driver is an American movie starring Tom Hanks. Would you like to hear more about the movie?
Sure, Wag the Dog is a comedy and starred Dennis Hopper. Meet the Parents is a comedy.
Yes, that is a great movie with Denzel Washington. It is about a girl who moves to a small town and falls in love with a widower.
No problem, enjoy!
Sure! He directed Unlawful Entry which is a really good movie.
Yes that's correct. He also starred in Avalon High - adventure film. Do you like him?
She also starred in Rebecca. Have you seen that one?
Tell me a little about The Pianist. Would you like me to recommend a few of these?
You're welcome
Oh really? I don't know much about tennis but I do know she has beaten Wozniacki before.
No, I did not. What genre is that? Is that a comedy?
American Gangster also starred Serena Williams. I remember Serena loosing to my favorite Serena!
I am not sure where Serena is residing. What is her husband name again? I know they have a daughter
He directed the movie The Illusionist. Were you aware that it's a thriller?
It's a psychological thriller. Are you interested in those?
You might like The Illusionist. Neil Burger directed it.
You're welcome.
Sure! Do you like Young-adult fiction books?
Have you read Under the Tuscan Sun? It's a good book.
It was written by J.R.R. Tolkien. He was a great author.
Of course!
Sure, another book like Silence would be Broken Silence.
It was released in 2004. It's also a film.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! Did you like Pandemonium because it was written by Lauren Oliver or because it is a speculative fiction genre?
You might also try Zoe's Tale.
It was written by Robert Zemeckis. Would you like to read it?
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I love her music! Did you know she starred in Who's That Girl and Swept away?
Yes, it also appears that she has a relationship with Justin Timberlake.
Yeah he was. They were both in that relationship with Sean Connery.
Yeah, you should watch "It's always Sunny in Philadelphia".
I will have to check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
Burn After Reading stars Matt Damon and Josh Brolin. Do you like them?
No, I don't have that information.
You're welcome.
It is written by Henning Koch and released in 2012.
Yes it is in English.
Of course! Henning Koch wrote Britt-Marie var här , and The Maggot People.
Sure, he wrote Zoo and You've Been Warned, among others. Would you like to hear more?
OK, he wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
It was released in 1981 and directed by Agatha Christie.
Yes, I love Forest Gump! Secondhand Lions is similar.
He's been in a lot of movies. He was in The Post and The Circle. Have you seen those?
It's directed by Tom Hanks. He also directed Larry Crowne. Did you know he wrote it?
You're welcome!
Sure! Darren Aronofsky directed, wrote and starred in the hit movie Requiem for a Dream. Have you seen this movie yet?
It is a drama, starring Evan Rachel Wood and Evan Rachel Wood
I am not sure who starred in it but I do know Requiem of a Dreams is a comedy
Yes, he directed Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that? It stars Robert Duvall.
Sure, some of the actors in that film are Vince Vaughn, William Devane, and George Clooney. Do you like their movies?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that one, but Apocalypse Now is a romantic drama.
Sure! Do you like thrillers like Mr. and Mrs. Smith?
It is a thriller starring Matt Damon.
Of course! Other thriller movies are; Wolf Brother, X-Men, and The Puffy Chair.
You're welcome.
Yes, she's wrote The Pillars of the Earth which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Vanessa Redmayne, Mark Ruffalo, and Rufus Sewell.
It is a fantasy comedy. Do you like fantasy?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I do. Do you like them? They are an AFC North division.
I don't follow football, but I like the Patriots. Who is your favorite team?
Belich, isn't he with the Patriots? He was a great quarterback though.
Well, it starred Tom Hardy, Joe Mantegna, and Tom Hardy. Would you like to know more about it?
That is correct a great movie! It also stars Ben Stiller and Kelly Clarke. Would you like more information about it?
Yes, and Nicky Katt also starred in Justice league.
I'm not sure who Nicky Katt is in it, but it is probably the one and only starred in The Brave One.
My pleasure.
Sure, E Lockhart wrote We Were Liars, and The Disreputable History of Frankie Landaue-Banks. Have you read any of those?
It was released in 1936
Another one released in 2014 is The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks
You're welcome
Do you like it because it is a drama?
You may like The Book of Eli which is young adult fiction. It was released in 2011.
Yes, it sure is! Unknown is also a film.
Yes it was. He's also a producer and a director. He directed A Bug's Life, which was also a Romance.
I'll add that now.
Yes, he is a great football player form Wales.
He is a Midfielder, and he is also a Forward.
Yes, he is from Wales from the Cardiff region.
Sure, she is a musician, lyracist, and composer. I am not familiar with her work though.
I haven't heard much of her music but I've heard she's done a lot in music.
I am sorry, I do not have more information on her. I know she is very talented.
I have not, but i have seen the movie version. It was great.
I have not, but i know it was written by Anthony Hope, and is considered a psychological thriller.
I do! Anthony Hopkins is a great actor. I think I have seen The Silence of the Lambs. Do you know he also starred in this movie?
Emily Griffin is a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
It was released in 2012 and written in English.
Yes, it's a movie. Nick Cassavetes and Jada Pinkett Smith also star in it.
You're welcome.
Kazuo Ishiguro wrote Never let me go.
I'm sorry, I unfortunately don't have that information.
No, Zoe's Tale is a Sci-Fi book. It was written by John Scalzi.
Your welcome
He is a Polish Football Player. Do you like soccer?
He plays the Midfielder
He is a Forward but he plays the forward position
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren. what else can i do for you today?
Written in English, Kiera Cass wrote that. The Queen is a classic.
Okay, I hope you enjoy them!
You are welcome, enjoy!
X-men is an action film. Similar movies would be Terminator Salvation and Reservoir Dogs.
I also like Action movies like X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you heard of that one?
Robert Duvall and Mark Ruffalo are in it. I think you'd enjoy it.
I think so. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, Gone Girl is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Good choice! I highly recommend it: Wolf Brother, if you're a fan of fantasies.
You're welcome!
Have you watched Zathura: A Space Adventure, A Dog of Flanders ? They are adventure movies.
It was written by Orson Wells. It's also a film.
It is a Fiction, similar to Zoe's Tale.
It is a historical novel that was written by Tipping Point.
Malcolm Gladwell also wrote What the dog Saw and Other Adventures.
Yes, he does. Are you a fan of his?
You're welcome.
Sure! Doug Liman directed both Fair Game and Swingers. Have you seen either of those?
Fair Game is a Thriller.
White House Down is a great action film. It stars Valerie Plame.
Ed Harris, Mike Myers, Jared Leto and Denzel Washington are some of the stars in Fair Game.
He directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, and Amadeus. Would you like to see something he was in?
Yes, he also wrote Amadeus, have you seen that one?
Yes, Adding now. Enjoy the movie!
C. S. Lewis wrote it and released it in 1953. He also wrote The Chronicles of Narnia - the Lion, the Witch, and The Wardrobe. I think you'd like it too.
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is a fantasy book, released in 1951. It is the next in the series, The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.
Sure! The Silver Chair was released in 1953. It is part of the series, The Chronicles of Narnia series. Would you like to know more?
You're welcome!
He is an athlete who plays cricket for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
I like victoria azarenka. She is my favorite. Do you have a favorite player?
No I don't think I have heard of him. Is he a good player?
I love him! I especially enjoy his earlier music with Maroon 5
I don't know of any movies he starred in but I know he is also a singer. Do you like his music?
Sure, he has starred in movies like There's Something About Mary, Unstoppable, and The Voice.
It was written by James Frey. Do you enjoy speculative fiction?
Sure. He's also written One More Day and The Count of Monte Cristo.
You are welcome. It's a great book.
Awesome. Have a good day.
Michael Crichton is not only an author but a film producer and director as well. He wrote the book Disclosure. Does this interest you?
hes written a lot of science fiction books
it is a thriller
you're welcome!
I do not know much about him other than he plays German football.
I like American Football, and Tennis. What about you?
Yes, I like basketball too! Who is your favorite player?
Sure! Ken Kesey wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest
Yes he is both a writer and a writer. He wrote "Go Further" :)
I don't have much information on Sometimes a Great Notion. However, I can tell you that he is also a writer and an athlete.
Of course! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, Paulo Coelho is a co-author with Whedon Leonardo DiCaprio. Are you interested in his work?
He wrote The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson.
It's a fiction novel.
You're welcome.
G.O. Tom Brady is an American professional footballer who plays as a striker for English club New England Patriots.
Matt Damon and Dane Cook. Are you a fan of either of them?
Eva Mendes starred in the Fiction Film, Night of Your Life.
Yes it is a great movie. It starred Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Cruise. Do you like war movies?
Bradley Cooper was in The Words, a mystery thriller. He was also in American Sniper. Do you like his movies?
It is a drama.
You're welcome!
Yes. Martin Scorsese wrote The Assassination of Jesse. It is a great movie.
Gangs of New York starring Daniel Day-Lewis of course.
If you like Step Brothers, you might also like The Handmaid's Tale.
You might also like the Redskins. Have you seen that one?
If you liked that one, you may also like The Handmaid's Tale.
No, it's a comedy-drama.
You're welcome.
Yes, all three of the films, plus the Christmas film Toy Story 2 are available.
Yes. He starred in That Thing You Do., which also stars Tom Hanks.
Yes, he wrote Larry Crowne, and it is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like this genre?
It is an animated film and it is more of a romantic comedy.
Yes, I would suggest My Big Fat Greek Wedding, if you haven't seen it.
You bet!
Yes I do! I highly recommend Kingdom of Heaven.
Yes, Liam Neeson starred in Wreck-It Ralph, which is also in the fantasy genre.
The Lord of the Rings was written by J.R.R. Tolkien.
Enjoy!
I think they are one of the worst teams in the AFC north.
Yes, the same year they won the Superbowl for starters.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. They are having a good season this year.
Good for them on winning the World Series although I am not a baseball fan. Are you a Red Sox fan?
Yes, that is correct. I believe John Farrell was from Monmouth Beach.
Not much of a fan of New Jersey. I only know that the team is coached by John Farrell
I did not see that one, I will have to check it out. Thanks for the information!
He wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, A Princess of Mars and some more. Are you interested in any of these books?
Yes, it is. He's also written Memory's Nation: The Place of Plymouth Rock.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
Would you like recommendations for movies similar to Divergent?
A similar genre is Transformers. Have you seen that?
anything else i can help you with today?
Of course! Do you prefer Fiction or Fantasy?
Goonies starred Richard Donner, Robert Davi, and Robert Davi. It was released in 1993.
Yeah, she is! I love her music. Did you know she starred in Men in Black 3?
Yeah, he is a good singer. I wonder if she recorded a song of that name?
I grew up listening to Rhythm and Blues and Blues, which is probably her most popular song. Do you like rap music?
Are you referring to the book The Namesake written by Jhumpa Lahiri
Yes I like fiction. Divergent is a great one.
I do like thrillers. You should check out Shark Night. It is also a horror film.
Dr. Seuss wrote The Lorax, The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss, and The Lorax. Do you like any of these?
Theodore is a cartoon movie. Do you like his movies?
Yes The Lorax was released in 1999
You should check out Shutter Island if you like children's literature
Yes
I'm not a huge fan of the Kansas City Chiefs, but I watched their Superbowl IV win. Did you watch it?
I like the New York Jets and the Chargers. What is your favorite team?
It is a thriller written by Alex Garland. Do you like thrillers?
He also wrote Never Let Me Go which is another science-fiction as well.
Yes he did. He is actually a film producer and he did voiceover work in that movie.
Enjoy!
My favorite is Gangster Squad.
It was released in 1942
It is crime fiction great
Your welcome
I do, actually. The books Luftslottet som sprängdes was written by Stieg Larsson, and Reg Keeland.
You may also enjoy The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you read those?
Yes, Agatha Christie wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes, have you read it?
He directed Seven Samurai and directed Seven Samurai. Do you like Japanese films?
Of course, Yojimbo stars Tatsuo Marsum, Yojimbo, and Ran.
Yes, Akira Kuroshima directed and starred in Toshiro, which is a action film.
Anytime! Enjoy.
The Good, the Bad, the Weird is a great one similar to Oldboy.
Confessions is a film written and directed by Roland Emmerich. what else can i do for you?
"Confessions" is a comedy. Anything else I can help you with?
you are welcome
I'm not much of a football fan, But I like Hockey! The Golden Knights is my favorite team. How about you?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. What is your favorite team?
What is your favorite team? I also like the Dallas Cowboys.
I do, he starred in The Wiz. You should check it out.
Yes, Men in Black II is a great movie starring Roland Emmerich. Do you like his acting?
He was also in X-Men: First Class.
Yeah, Scream is a horror. Do you like Horror films?
One of my favorites is World War Z if you like that one. Have you seen it?
Brad Pitt also starred in Troy, have you seen it?
I do like them. The team is coached by John Farrell.
Same here. I really like the Orioles if you haven't.
No. They're only one game up in the AFC right now.
Sure, he directed Night Watch, and then he also wrote Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter.
Sure, Night Watch is an action film directed by Brian Grazer, who also directed V for Vendetta. I highly recommend it.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Oh yes, he wrote X men 2 a sci fi movie.
Yes. Hugh Jackman starred in X-Men 2.
That's a good one! It was written by Stephen Sommers.
He's theg guy that wrote, The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide: Five Complete Novels and One Story, am I right?
Yes, it was released in 1996, the same year as The Handmaid's Tale.
If you like fiction, you might like The Restaurant at the End of the Universe.
ok, enjoy!
What a great movie! Are you a fan of Marlon Brando?
Ok he wrote Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that one? It stars Robert Duvall.
Marlon Brando is great! He starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
Great! Marlon Brando is known for starring in The Godfather Part II, starring Marlon Brando.
Yes, he also wrote Apocalypse Now.
That is a great choice. Then you'll love The Godfather II, starring Marlon Brando.
I used to like them a lot under Brett Farve as their quarterback. Since he retired, they're just not as exciting.
Oh wow, I know Thorpe was a founder of the Olympic sports team!
Who is your favorite business person? I'm not sure if he's from there.
I don't have a big fan of football but I do know they are owned by a woman Virginia McCaskey. They're the NFC East this year.
Yea, I'm a Bears fan myself! Do you have a favorite football team?
I like tennis too. I'm a Dodgers fan.
Yes, this movie stars Zooey Deschanel
If you like Pruitt Taylor Vince, you might also like X-Men: First Class. Are you a fan of hers?
You Again is a Lie. It was written by Robert Louis Stevenson and stars Tom Hanks.
Yes, The Namesake is written by Jhumpa Lahiri, have you read this one yet?
Well, you might like The Hero of the Ages. It was written by the same author.
Xenocide is a science fiction novel by American writer Orson Scott Card.
Certainly, added. Enjoy!
Thomas F. Wilson starred in Zoom. are you into Science Fiction movies?
Thomas F. Wilson also starred in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie. Have you seen that?
Enjoy!
I do. He is a country singer, do you like him?
His record label is Country Pop. Do you like that genre?
I don't know, but he's still has some good music, do you like her?
She wrote Pretty Little Liar the genre is Teen Drama, do you like teen drama?
Yes! Its a TV series called Pretty Little Liars. It was released in 2007, which is also considered a comedy.
I recommend Pretty Little Liars, which was released in 2007. Also, The Mask of Zelda, which was also released in 2007.
You're welcome! Have a good day.
I am not a big soccer fan, I don't know much about the team other then David Platt coaches it. Do you like soccer?
I love America football, it's been a long time since I watched it. Who is your favorite team?
Exactly! I don't like college football, it's been awhile. Is he a good player?
I don't know much about footbal but i know they are professional football team based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
It's been awhile but I'm a fan of any other sports. I like the Dallas Cowboys.
I didn't know that. I'm more of a fan of football, what about you?
Yes he starred in The Storm and Thelma & Louise
Sean Penn and Sharlto Copley were both in it.
You got it! I hope you enjoy.
You're welcome!
Laura Esquivel wrote Como agua para chocolate and The Love of Law. Have you read either ?
That was also the year that released The Key to Midnight
Yes she is a great writer as well.
You're welcome
The Memory Keeper's daughter original language is English
Kim Edwards was born in Killeen, Texas.
You're welcome.
Sure, he wrote Defending Jacob.
Yes. If you like Defending Jacob, you might like The Lawnmower Man. It's a thriller.
It's a thriller. It's about a father dealing with the accusation that his 14-year-old son is a murderer
Well, Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors, have you heard of that one?
It was released in 1867
Your welcome
Sure, he wrote Romeo and Juliet, which is in the drama genre. He also wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream.
What You Will is a drama/romance released in 1922.
I hope you enjoy it!
He directed The Imitation Game, which is a great film. He also directed Headhunters
Headhunters stars Rory Kinnear and Benedict Cumberbatch as the headhunters.
No problem, enjoy.
Sure! A Thousand Splendid Suns is written by the same author!
Yes he has. A Thousand Splendid Suns is also released in 2012. Have you read it?
You're welcome. Enjoy the book!
I'm not sure where he's from. I don't know much about him.
He is also the Executive Producer and Film Producer. He has written The Silence of the Lambs, which is a very good film.
It is about a murder which takes place in the 1970s about a deserted ski lodge.
Enjoy!
OK. Have a great day
She starred in Wonder Women 2017, also in Solider 1998
The Situation is a dramatic thriller that was released in 2003.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
He is. I'm not sure if he acted in that movie, but he was a voice actor in Friends With Benefits.
It was written by Zoe Lister and filmed in Los Angeles
Wasn't Mila Kunis in The 70s show? I loved that one too.
Yes, it was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure if that particular genre but Kurt Vonnegut Jr. wrote AEon Flux and Speculative fiction.
Do you like the author Harper Lee or the genre fiction?
Then you might enjoy the next book in the series called The Manchurian Candidate.
You're welcome.
The Last Lecture was released in 2008 a non fiction genre. It shows it was written by two different authors.
Yes, he did. That's right. He's a very talented person!
Sure, would you like me to add it now?
Jonathan Levine directed The Wackness, starring Mary Kate Olsen. It's a romantic comedy
The Wackness is a Thriller and Drama.
Tom Wilkinson starred in Wackness.
I hope you enjoy it!
Of course! Treasure Island was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. You might also like The Man in the Iron Mask.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror are also written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
Not sure, but you might like The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Great, I will add it to your list!
I remember he directed a suspense thriller movie in the late 1980s called Frantic. That movies starred Harrison Ford
Would you like recommendations about movies he has starred in?
It was released in 1999
Writter Suzanne Collins also wrote Gregor the Overlander and Mockinjay.
Jack London wrote To The Lighthouse, The Waves, and The Sea Wolf. Have you seen any of these?
Yes, the Call of the Wild was made into a movie. I believe the movie was based in London.
You're welcome, I'm happy to help.
Sure! The movie Donnie Darko is a Sci-Fi movie written by Richard Kelly and stars Seth Rogen along side Mary McDonnell. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
He was in the movie True Grit and The Usual Suspects.
Yes he was, along with Seth Rogen.
I am not sure. But I know he was in Knocked Up, is a comedy.
I'm not sure about that. I don't have any information on what it was released.
Of course! She wrote Frankenstein. It also goes by the title The Modern Prometheus.
Frankenstein is an old piece that was released in 1818.
Frankenstein is written in English.
You're welcome!
It is a psychological thriller and drama. It is starring Edward Norton with Brad Pitt.
There are several, including Brad Pitt, Katharine McPhee, and Joshua Leonard.
You're welcome, I'm happy to help.
Yes. A.W. Wheen wrote Im Westen nichts Neues.
Yes. Erich Maria Remarque is a German author, he wrote Im Westen nichts Neues and Drei Kameraden. Are you interested in any of these?
You are welcome. Goodbye.
He directed The Siege. Did you know he also wrote The Last Samurai?
Yes, he is! He was also in The Siege. Are you a fan of his?
Yes, Denzel was in The Siege, which is a thriller. Do you enjoy thrillers?
You're right. Snoop Dogg was in Training Day.
Yes he was. Volcano High was directed by David Ayer.
No problem!
I like their mascot Mr. Met. Do you like them?
Oh ok. I see. I'm more of a baseball fan.
I like baseball too. Who is your favorite team?
Sure! He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
It was released in 2005, do you like this other books?
I don't have that information unfortunately, but I do know it was released in 2009 and written by Stephen J. Dubner. Do you like him?
Is there anything else I can do for you?
I know he wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly as well as Once Upon a Time in the West.
I think so. Eli Wallach also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
He was also in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. If you've seen that one, you should check it out.
Absolutely. The Good, the Bad and the Ugly and Once Upon a Time in the West are a few more you might like.
Yes, enjoy and have a great day.
No problem. Enjoy.
The writter Kurt Vonnegut Jr. wrote Timequake and Welcome to the Monkey House. Have you heard of them?
I don't know any other Authors, but Kurt Vonnegut Jr. wrote Welcome to the Monkey House have you heard of it?
You might enjoy Welcome to the Monkey House if you haven't already read it.
He has directed several movies like Where the Wild Things Are, True Grit, and We Bought a Zoo. Have you seen any of those?
Daniel Radcliffe starred in it. Do you like him?
Yes, Morgan Freeman also starred in The Civil War. That's a great movie!
Sure! He starred in Unlawful Entry which is a really good movie.
It came out in 2001 and starred Carmen Argenziano. Do you like her movies?
The movie stars Carmen Argenziano. It was released in 1985 and was directed by J.J. Abrams.
Brad Garrett starred in Underdog ,The Pacifier,The Country Bears and The Crazies.
Underdog is a comedy that is about a father dealing with the accusation that his 14-year-old son is a murderer.
Jay Leno has starred in a lot of movies like, Wreck-It Ralph, and The Mask. Have you seen any of these?
I don't know much about Philadelphia Eagles then Jeffrey Lurie is owner of it.
If I'm not mistaken, I don't know much about Philadelphia Eagles. They're owned by Jeffrey Lurie.
No, I only really watch the AFL. It's always a great sport to watch.
I like the Washington Redskins and Patriots.
Ara Celi has most notably starred in American Beauty, alongside Peter Gallagher, it's a Drama and is really good!
It also stars Annette Bening. She is a great actress.
Yes, it is. The movie is considered a psychological thriller.
I do too, it stars William Hurt and Ty Burrell.
You might like The Incredible Hulk starring William Hurt and Ty Burrell.
Yes, it was released in 2010. It's also a great action movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Roderick Thorp was in that but he was also in Die Hard 2.
Then you might like Die Hard 2. It's action and stars Bruce Willis
Did you like the movie because it was a Thriller or because it was a crime fiction?
Absolutely, Brad Pitt starred in many movies including Troy, X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: Apocalypse.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, he starred in We Don't Live Here Anymore, The Truman Show, Civic Duty and Beastly. Would you like more information about one of these?
Yes, she is! I think you'll enjoy her movies.
Well, Naomi Watts has also starred in Funny Games - a thriller, or a biographical film.
Yes. X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a sci-fi action/adventure film staring Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman. They are amazing.
Sure, You will like X-Men Origins: Wolverine, it is a thriller and stars Huge Jackman. Have you seen it?
It is a comedy/drama, Ryan Reynolds was in it. Anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome, goodbye.
He directed The Incredible Hulk and Now You See Me.
The Transporter stars William Hurt and Matt Schulze. Are you a fan of these actors?
He has starred in The Transporter and The Incredible Hulk.
Good Will Hunting is written by Matt Damon. Do you like dramas?
Vampire Slayer is starring James Brolin. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, it is. Ben Affleck also wrote Good Will Hunting.
I am not sure about the genre, but I can tell you that it is a crime movie and based on his books.
No problem, have a great night!
He wrote a book called Sex and the City, which was turned into a movie. Have you read it?
Sure. Madame Bovary is a romance novel released in 1856. Also, it was released in 1856.
It was released a long time ago in 1856. Would you like me to add it to your list?
It is a literary realism. You might like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
If you like literary realism, you might like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
You're welcome!
Collateral stars Tom Cruise .Do you like Thrillers?
Well, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick, and he also directed 2001: A Space Odyssey. Do you like him as a director?
Tom Cruise starred in Vanilla Sky and The Last Samurai.
Auto Racing was released in 1969. It's a very good movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Bruce Willis also stars in Hudson Hawk
Bruce Willis was in Hudson Hawk. Are you a fan of action movies?
The Last Airbender is an action movie also starring Bruce Willis.
ok great. do you like any other action movies?
Let me see, I know that he's a Songwriter. Were you aware that he sung New Perspective?
The is a good one too , He is also a musician!
I don't know much about Country music. I prefer Country music
Oh yes, he starred in The Halloween Tree, Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home, and Land of the Lost. Have you seen those?
No, Star Trek III was not in the Star Trek movie
It was written by Hilda Rosner and Hermann Hesse. It was released in 1922. Do you like the older books?
Sure! You might enjoy Gertrude if you haven't read it yet. It was a great book.
Journey to the East was released in 1922. It's a great book.
Your welcome.
He starred in You Again, Wolfen and Turner and Hooch. Do you like comedies?
Yes. Jamie Lee Curtis starred in You Again, which is a comedy. Do you like his movies?
Great, I think you will enjoy it.
I do, he wrote Life of Pi. Have you read that one?
I'm more of a thriller fan. I would recommend World Without End, Wolf Brother, and Wolf Brother.
Yes, she wrote it as well. Have you seen the film?
It is, I highly recommend it.
I have The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories.
The only information I have on that is The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
You're welcome. There is also a film adaptation of this book if you like.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is also a good one.
I don't know much about him other than he plays basketball. Are they good?
Well, he is from Winston-Salem, is a basketball player who plays point guard for the Warriors
Not really, I know Steph Curry is a basketball player, he plays point guard right?
Sure, some good ones to check out are Teacher Man, Angela's Ashes and Tis: A Memoir.
You could also read Teacher Man.
You are welcome
It's a good book written by Jodi Picoult, it is a Young-adult fiction
A couple of his books that you might like are The Silence of the Lambs: Red Dragon, Hannibal, and more. Have you read any of these?
It was released in 1997. It is also very good.
Enjoy!
They are my favorite La Liga team, do you like them as well?
Who is your favorite athlete?
Football is the best sport in the world.
Jack London wrote To Have and Have Not, And he also wrote The Sea of Monsters and The Forest House.
Definitely. Beyond the Sea Wolf is a Fiction book that you might like.
Million Dollar Baby stars Hilary Swank and Clint Eastwood, do you like these actors?
That's right! I loved Ridley Scott in it. It was a great movie.
I haven't seen it, but I've heard it's good.
Yes, that is a very interesting fact. I also like the movie True Romance. Have you seen it?
Great. I think you'll enjoy it.
Do you like comedies because it is a comedy?
It was released in 2009. Await Your Reply came out a while ago.
Did you know she wrote Untamed: A House of Night Novel?
He wrote and starred in The Tales of Beedle the Bard.
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy The Civil War. Have you seen that one?
There are so many great Young-adult fiction books that you might enjoy are; World Without End, Wolf Brother, and Wildwood Dancing. Have you read any of these?
The Divergent Series is a fantasy novel by Veronica Roth.
You're very welcome.
Andrew Adamson wrote all three Shreks
Sure, which genre do you like?
I'm not a fan of the Mets. I do like their mascot Mr. Met. Do you like them?
I haven't. But I heard they're a good team.
The only one that I've heard about is The Redskins. It's hilarious!
Thomas Lennon starred in The Pacifier, The New York Trilogy, and The Human Stain to name a few. Do you like any of these films?
Yes, it is a television series and he starred in the movie The Truman Show. It is a television series.
I'm not a huge football fan, but I do know that she is married to Mirkas Haas.
The best team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you have a favorite soccer team?
Agreed. Anything else I can help you with?
Definitely! King Kong was written by Iain Canning and stars Thomas Lennon and Jack Nicholson. It's considered a satire.
He wrote the movie X-Men 2.
I am not sure but it may be released in 2005
I am more of a Green Bay Packer fan but John Fox is a pretty good coach of that football team. Do you like them?
Wasn't the Panthers in the Super Bowl? My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys.
Yea, I think he played football as well. He was a defensive back too.
Great! You should definitely watch it, it's really good.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I've seen them a few times when they've played the Atlanta Braves. Aren't they in the National League too?
I do. Are you a fan of the New York Mets?
I like Field of Dreams too. Do you like sports movies?
Derrick Rose is an American professional basketball player for the Minnesota Timberwolves of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
I do like them, he's a good basketball player. Do you watch basketball?
No I haven't. I love his acting. He's my favorite actor.
Of course, Men in Black was written by Stephen King, it's a great romance movie.
You might enjoy Wizard's First Rule then. It is in the same genre as well as The Hunger Games.
Yes, it was a sequel, very well received and there is a lot of action in it.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I sure can! If you like Batman Begins, you must like Adventure films?
I'm not sure of the follow up but the Dark Knight is a Superhero thriller.
You're welcome!
Robin Hobb wrote The Dragon Keeper, Ship of Magic and Ship of Destiny, which are all great books
They were released in the 1930's.
Sure, Timequake is about time travel. Mother Night is science fiction. Do you like either of those genres?
It's a drama. Do you like those types of books?
Z for Zachariah is a good one , I recommend it
There's American Psycho, Primal Fear and Seven
Miley Cyrus starred in this movie.
Of course, it's a war film, based on the true story of a white man who was injured in an accident and remains in a coma for nearly five years.
You're welcome.
E.V. Rieu wrote .
E.V. Rieu wrote .
The Flattered Fish is about the life of young girl who meets his inner child.
Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail is a biographical novel. It was published in 2011.
Your welcome.
If You Give a Mouse a Cookie is written by Felicia Bond and was released in 1985.
Yes. J.K. Rowling wrote If You Take a Mouse to the Movies, and If You Give a Pig a Pancake.
Wonderful, have a great day!
Well, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick, and he also directed 2001: A Space Odyssey.
To Kill a Mockingbird and The Manchurian Candidate are great examples of this genre.
I do not have that information but I can tell you that it is also a psychological thriller.
I am glad I could help.
Born in New Mexico one of the books he wrote was The Power of Habit
The Power of Habit is a book released in 2011
Absolutely, Enjoy
The Godfather is written by Francis Ford Coppola, who also produced The Apocalypse Now
He is a great player. Did you know they won the 2008 NBA Finals?
Yeah, he is. He is listed as a musician. Did you know he was born in Chicago?
I think Jerry Reinsdorf has done a great job turning the franchise around.
Chicago Bulls : Team Owned by Jerry Reinsdorf
I haven't seen that game, but I heard it's a pretty good game.
your welcome
Dear John is written by Nicholas Sparks. anything else i can do for you?
Yeah, its an excellent crime fiction novel. If you like True Believer you should check out Two By Two. It is a similar book.
I hope you enjoy it!
Hush is a great movie similar to Crescendo
Well it was written by Jane Austen and it's a Romance novel. Do you like romance books?
Other romance novels include Sense and Sensibility and Pride and Prejudice.
It is a coming of age story that was originally published in 1814.
You're welcome.
I love Linkin Park, My favorite song is Bleed it out. Do you like them?
Have you heard of American Gangster? I heard that he's a good rapper.
Andrew Stanton directed Finding Nemo. Finding Nemo is a family genre. Do you enjoy family genre movies?
It is a animated movie by Andrew Stanton and was released in 2012.
Yes, Ellen DeGeneres did star in it as well as William DeGeneres.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Phil LaMarr starred in Zambezia
Yes, and Jennifer starred in it. Do you like her movies?
Fifty Shades of Grey and Happy Gilmore. Have you seen those?
Will do!
Yes, he starred in Jumbo. He is an author, athlete, and actor.
I don't know much about cricket, what sport do you follow?
Yes, he was. That was a good film.
From the looks of him he is a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers.
Yes he does. He was born in Oakland, California. Do you like basketball?
I do. Seattle Seahawks is a great team, my favorite team is the Redskins.
Yes. The King's Speech is written by Issac Asimov and starring Tom Hanks. It is an excellent movie.
Yes, that is correct. He has starred in it as well as The Lord of the Rings. Have you seen it?
Same here, I do not know what you mean by the way. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I like her song La Tortura. Did you hear this song?
Yes, Sia Furler is a very talented singer. I like her song Almost as well.
She is a very talented singer. I also like her movies as well.
They're a pretty good team, I think Khalil Mack is an awesome linebacker!
Oh, I see. I'm a Zack Bromans fan. I wish I had a chance to see them play at the AT&T Stadium.
Yes, I would definitely like to see commercials. They're a lot of fun to watch since they're doing well this year.
Isn't he a basketball player. Who does he play for?
I believe he is a point guard. I don't really follow him.
Yes, he does. He is sure to be a good player as well.
Do you like dramas? I would suggest The Pillars of the Earth.
Yes, I would recommend The Pillars of the Earth if you haven't seen it.
OK, I would suggest The Pillars of the Earth if you like thrillers.
You're welcome.
Yes, that is a great movie written by John Logan.
Yes. She is a very talented actress. She also stars in a movie called Head of State.
That's my home team however I think the Bucs are not a very good team so I don;t follow them. Only what I hear on the news.
I do, as well as Lovie Smith is a coach.
I like basketball and baseball too.
You might also like The Chronicles of Narnia series. It is written by J.K. Rowling.
Okay. I would recommend Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. It's a great book.
It's a great book. I think you'll enjoy it.
Great, I think you'll enjoy them!
Sure! He starred in Annie Hall and To Rome with Love. Have you seen either of those?
It stars Ralph Fiennes and Rupert Everett. It's a very good movie.
I think you would like it better. Enjoy!
Sure! Do you like Spirited Away because you are a fan of thrillers?
You definitely should check out War Horse, starring Nicole Kidman.
You might enjoy Your Sister's sister then.
You're welcome!
He wrote The Virgin Suicides and The Picture of Dorian Gray. Have you read either?
It is a Fiction Novel that was written in 1993. It is about a girl who moves to a small town and falls into love.
I am not sure of the exact year but it was released. I think you might like it :)
You're welcome
Sure, I bet you do. I like it because it was written by Judd apatow and Seth Rogen, as well as Seth Rogen, the star of it.
He starred in Knocked Up, The 40 year old virgin and Shrek the Third as well.
Yes, Mindy Kaling has a great cast. He also starred in Knocked Up, Wrath of the Titans, and Unknown.
You're welcome!
He wrote The Virgin Suicides, The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Virgin Queen. Have you read any of those?
Yes. Miranda Richardson also starred in Gideon's Daughter.
Yes, Phantom of a Opera is a fantasy.
Of course, I hope you enjoy!
I do. I think she is very talented. Did you know that she is friends with Britney Spears?
I like Hello, but I also like Ed Sheran and Shakira, also Sean Mendez
I'll check it out, thanks for the info.
Inception' was directed by Christopher Nolan. He also wrote The Prestige.
The Prestige starred Hugh Jackman, who also directed Memento.
You are absolutely correct! Christopher Nolan wrote a couple of Fantasy and Sci-Fi films.
You might like The Prestige or The Dark Knight Rises.
Waterworld is a Sci-Fi film.
You're welcome.
He is a football player who plays for the Brazil national football team
Wow, I had no idea. What do you know about Dani Alves?
They're currently in 2nd place with the NFC West, but they are 4 games behind the 1st place Rams. It's not looking too good for them to win their division.
Yeah, they are having a good season. I'm not a Bears fan myself unless you are a Dallas Cowboys fan.
Oh yea that's interesting to know. I'm a Bears fan myself.
Would you wish me to recommend a book by the same author, Christopher Paolini, or movie that he has starred in?
Great Expectations is a book about the 1860s. It was originally published in 1850.
How about A Tale of Two Cities, do you like that genre?
Great Expectations is a book about war. It was released in 1843.
Good class is influenced by Charles Dickens and is from the English language.
You're welcome
Kierra Cass wrote The Siren. what else can i do for you?
Sure, she also wrote The Siren. It's considered a classic.
Sure. The Siren is a young-adult fiction and was released in 2011.
You're welcome.
Would you like more from the Mission Impossible Series, or other action movies?
Yes, it is. You should check it out.
Then I would suggest watching Beautiful Creatures.
No problem, I hope you enjoy.
Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell. He also wrote Animal Farm.
Animal Farm is a children's literature. It was also produced by George Orwell.
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote Relato de un naufrago, and Memoria de mis putas tristes.
Ralph Steadman writes in the English language and has also written The Handmaid's Tale, have you read that?
It was written by Roderick Thorp and John Lennon.
Well, if you're interested in something similar, you might also enjoy The Golden Compass.
I hope you enjoy the book.
Adam Brown has starred in The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug and the other Hobbit films.
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome, have a great day!
Bradley Cooper starred in The Words, a mystery thriller. Have you seen it?
The Woods is a horror film and was released in 1997.
It is a sequel of The Words and The Words.
Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien? He also wrote wrote Unfinished Tales of Nmenor and Middle-Earth
It is a drama. what else can i do for you?
no i do not. anything else i can do for you?
you are welcome
The Tell Tale Heart, The Black Cat and Hop Frog are some of his work. He also write poems. Are you interested in poems?
Raven was released in 1843.
You're welcome.
I know Cesc Fabregas is an athlete and plays for the Spain national football team. Do you like football?
Certainly? I don't know much about them either.
I'm not sure about that. I don't really follow soccer.
Aladdin is a Thriller and was written by John Musker. Do you want me to take a more Thriller?
Remember the Titans, starring Aladdin?
Of course. The movie is based on the original.
Neil Jordan directed The Good Thief starring Said Taghmaoui, it is an Action Thriller and I highly recommend it.
Philip Seymour Hoffman starred in it. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, he did. He also directed The End of the Affair. Do you like dramas?
Glad to help, enjoy!
Quentin Tarantino have directed Pulp Fiction, Kill Bill and more.
Yes he was. Zombie music is really good. He also starred in Horton Hears a Who!
He also wrote House o 1000 Corpses.
No problem!
Downfalls in the genre of War. Do you like War films?
Downfall stars Tika Sumpter and Thomas Lennon, do you like any of them?
Starring Daniel Radcliffe he is a great actor.
Your welcome!
I do. He seems like a very happy person. Do you know if he's dating anyone
Oh yes, I like her too! She's a great singer though. I also like Toni Morrison.
Oh wow. That's a very interesting song. I also like her as well. She was in Mystic River too.
Yes, it written by Cassandra Clare and released 2014. Have you read it?
Yes, she also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass.
Yes, The Mortal Instruments is a series
You're welcome
By David Sedaris? I love that book. Have you read it?
Oh, that's right! I think you'll enjoy it.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Fred Willard starred in Youth in Revolt and Roxanne, both Romantic comedies. Do you like that genre?
Is Youth in Revolt a fantasy film?
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie.
Great! Have a great day!
You're welcome!
Did you like Blood Diamond because it was a drama?
Did you know that Djimon Hounsou directed the movie?
The Lord of War was released in 2004
Sure! She's starred in City of Bones and RoboCop 3. Have you seen either of those?
RoboCop 3. He also starred in The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
Yes. He starred in The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones.
No, I know that Anne Hathaway and Meryl Streep star in it. Are you interested in romance or drama?
She has starred in another movie called The Devils Wears Prada, have you seen that one?
Yes, shes! And Anne Hathaway was in it, have you seen it?
Alright! Enjoy.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was released in 2001.
Wolverine, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was also released in 1997.
Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Small Steps. They are both childrens literature. Do you enjoy reading that genre?
OK. Then you'll like Without Fail, Witches Abroad, and Walk Two Moons to name a few.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Dan Gilroy wrote Angels & Demons and also The Da Vinci Code. Would either of these interest you?
The Bourne Legacy starred Matt Damon and was released in 2013. Do you like Nightcrawler movies?
Nightcrawler is a great action movie, if you like action movies.
Hayao Miyazaki directed The Sirens of Titanic. Have you seen it?
It is considered a thriller and drama, similar to To Kill a Mockingbird.
Miguel Artela had a starring role in that film. You should check it out.
Yes, this movie is a drama, based on the novel of the same name by Hayao Miyazaki.
Sure, he wrote There Will be Blood and The Master. He's been involved in a lot of different movies. Would you like to hear more?
Of course, he starred in There Will Be Blood along with Matt Dillon.
You are welcome. I hope that you enjoy it.
Sure. Paula Hawkins wrote The Shadow Rising and The Queen. Would you like to know more?
The Girl on the Train was written by Paula Hawkins and released in 1996, it is a drama/fantasy book. Are you interested in a particular genre?
No problem. Enjoy the movie!
No problem. Enjoy the movies!
Sure, a great drama is To Kill a Mockingbird, and The Manchurian Candidate.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I haven't read it either. But I heard it's a great book.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, Violets Are Blue is by James Patterson. It's a mystery novel.
You are welcome.
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Pinn was known for he also wrote A Modest Proposal
Yes,It is written by Vladimir Naokov
It is a fantasy book
No problem
If you like Memoirs of a Geisha, then you might also like Avatar.
The novel is a series of books and the next is called A Memoirs of Geisha
He wrote Memoirs of a Geisha, have you read it?
Your welcome
He is ok but I think his Spouse Hayden Panettiere is great
Yes, it was.
No, I'm not much of a fan of courtes but I do know it was written by John Grisham!
That's true. We recently rewatched Thriller with the kids.
Green Eggs and Ham was written by Doctor Seuss. He also wrote The Cat in the Hat and Other Dr. Seuss Favorites.
There's another one written by Dr. Seuss called The Cat in the Hat. That's a good one.
That's correct! Have you heard of The Cat in the Hat?
Well, it is a great comedy and adventure movie. Did you know that Seth Rogen is starring in this?
Oh yea, that's really funny. He's been in a lot of movies like Windtalkers, X-Men: Days of Future Past. and Underworld: Evolution.
Yes! That's a great movie with Emma Stone.
No problem!
Yes E.B. White wrote The Elements of Style and Stuart Little. Have you read them?
Sure. Safe Haven was written by Nicholas Sparks. It's a great romance novel. Do you like Nicholas Spark movies?
Charlie Sheen is starring in Cheaper. Dozen is also a drama and movie.
It was released in 2003. Do you want to know more information about this movie?
Yes, it is also a movie. Do you have any other questions about the movie?
You are welcome. Enjoy
Sure, do you like it because it is directed by James Cameron or because it is directed by James Cameron?
Yes, that's correct. The Women of Brewster Place is a great film.
I don't know, but I do know that Oprah Winfrey also starred in The Women of Brewster Place.
Sure. Added the movie to your watch list.
Natascha McElhone is an actor, she starred in The Truman Show, The Secret of Moonacre, and The Kid. Would you like to know more about those movies?
The Truman Show was released in 2004. It also stars Jim Carrey.
Deception Point is a novel written by Dan Brown. It was released in 1998.
I'm not sure but it is considered a thriller
He wrote the Where the Wild Things Are and The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss. Have you read those?
Little Bear is a Speculative fiction, do you like that genre?
You might also like the Pagans Stone, which is another family genre.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome, enjoy!
He directed the science fiction film Eraserhead.
Inland Empire is a war film
Idiocracy starred Matt Damon and Josh Brolin.
It was released in 1996. It is a great movie.
I will do, I hope you enjoy.
ok
Gone with the Wind is written by Margaret Mitchell. She also wrote Friends with Benefits.
How about Tender is the Night? It's a classic.
I am not sure about that one. However I know it was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald.
Your welcome
Ellen starred in When a Stranger Calls and The Stone Angel. Have you seen either of these?
The tennis player? I haven't watched tennis in a while. Is there news about him?
Yes, I agree. I love Serena. She is my favorite tennis player. She has won a lot of awards.
Yes, he also plays tennis. I like the Dallas Cowboys though.
Go Set A Watchman and Silent In The Grave are similar books
To Kill a Mockingbird has genre Drama and was directed by Harper Lee, then I recommend the book or the film.
You're welcome.
I love her. My favorite is I'm Not Dead by Pink. What is yours?
I do like her music. Did you know she won the award for Best Male Video of the Year?
Yes, I did. She's actually married to Emma Stone. She starred in Scream 4 and Snoop Dogg. I love her music.
He starred in the show O.C
Yes, it is a movie starring Sandra Bullock and Kevin Costner. Do you like Thrillers?
Certainly. He also starred in The O.C. which is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome.
Martin Gardner wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
The Portable Atheist and Alice Adventures in Wonderland is a fantasy book.
The Portable Atheist and Alice's Adventures in Wonderland is a book he wrote, have you heard of it?
Your welcome
I know he plays soccer for FC Bayern Munich, he is a midfielder and Forward.
He played as a Midfielder. Are you a football fan?
Yes, he was on FC Porto also. He was a forward.
I love her. Her sister, Serena are great tennis players.
I don't know if Brett Ratner is in it, but I think he's a good actor.
I'm not sure about that, but Al Pacino was in Shark Night, starring Kyla Pratt.
Sure, The Glass Castle was written by Jeannette Walls. Other books in that genre are Half Broke Horses and Half Broke Horses: A True Life Novel.
Robert De Niro wrote it. Do you know any other books by him?
She wrote The Lovely Bones and The Almost Moon. Are you familiar with those?
It is a fiction novel. Would you like an recommendations for other fiction novels?
That is also a book. It is available on Netflix.
Yes, he is the writer of White Fang.
You are welcome
I know she is a tennis player from India. I don't watch it much, but
You know, I also like Venus williams, she is also a cricket player.
Glad to hear that. I think Hantuchova is a good athlete.
Yes he was. They were the runner ups in Super Bowl XLVIII.
Sure, do you like Thor: The Dark World because it is a Fantasy?
Then you might like The Looking Glass Wars. It's also a fantasy.
That movie stars Simon McBurney, Sam Elliot, and Nicole Kidman. Do you like those actors?
She's incredible. I hope you enjoy it!
It starred J.K. Simmons and Melissa Benoist. JK won an Oscar for his role.
Yes Wade Williams also starred in Wreck-It Ralph
Yes, he did. Elizabethtown is a romantic comedy.
Breakfast of Champions is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Do you enjoy that author ?
You should check out Timequake then. It's a Speculative fiction.
I'm not sure about that one, but Kurt Vonnegut Jr. wrote Welcome to the Monkey House. Would you like to hear more about that?
He directed The Amazing Spider-Man, and Monsters Inc. Would you like to know more?
Yes. John Sayles wrote and directed it. I think you'll like it.
It is a historical period drama.
Phil Mickelson is pretty cool her won the 2010 PGA Masters Tournament. Are you a fan?
I think he is a good golfer. What do you think of Phil Mickelson?
Yes, I think it is pretty good. Isn't he a writer as well?
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works
Yes, he did. Mickey Rooney also starred in The Wrestler. That's also a good movie.
Some similar movies are Welcome to Temptation, Where Rainbows End, and Water for Elephants.
enneth H. Blanchard wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement, and Who Moved My Cheese? Have you read either of those?
Yes, it's an autobiography that was released in 1981.
That's a good one. I recommend it for you.
I do! He directed Nowhere Boy and Fifty Shades of Grey.
Nowhere Boy starred Elton John, Elton John, and Fifty Shades of Grey.
Nowhere Boy is a Thriller, Science Fiction, Drama, and Comedy. It's a great movie.
Of course, do you like this author or genre?
He did. Hunter S Thompson is probably most famous for writing Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas. He also wrote White House Down as well.
I'm not sure about it, but I might consider it to be a political Thriller.
Yes she wrote The Virgin Blue, The last Runaway and the Lady and the Unicorn. Have you read these?
I believe it was written in 1993. Anything else I can help you with today?
I don't know if it was directed by Tracy Chevalier and was released in 1996. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I do! He directed both The Mist and The Green Mile. Are you a fan of Stephen King films?
The Mist was released in 2002 and is a drama. Do you enjoy watching these types of films?
Great, do you like Country of national Lampoons?
Great, Woody Allen starred in Annie Hall. He is a great actor.
Yes, Dan Gilroy is a golfer who won the 2012 PGA Championship.
Matt Damon Starred in Bourne Legacy
It is a thriller movie
Zero Dark Thirty
good series
no problem
Do you like Where the Sidewalk Ends because it's a fiction book?
Shel Silverstein also wrote Where the Sidewalk Ends. Shel Silverstein also wrote Where the Sidewalk Ends.
Other authors similar to him include Liv Tyler, Tika Sumpter, and Thomas Lennon.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know that he is a country singer who composed Country Man. You like country?
I don't know any songs by her, but I do like Taylor Swift! I like his song We Rode in Trucks.
Yes, Eyes Open and Love Story have you seen those?
She is most known for writing Seabiscuit. It is a story about a race horse. Do you like horses?
It is a film that was released in 1999.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Oliver Stone directed The Doors. The Doors is directed by Randall Jahnson
Yes, The Doors stars many big actors including Matt Damon, Joaquin Phoenix, Willie Garson, Michael Shannon, and many more. Are you interested in any of them?
Yes, The Doors is a musical, Thriller/Horror film.
You're welcome!
Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Wise Man's Fear, The Name of the Wind, and Rogues. Have you read any of these?
You know if you like that one or you might like The Name of the Wind.
You're welcome.
Divergent is a Young -adult fiction. Starring Theo James and Kate Winslet.
You might also like The Hunger Games. It's a Young-adult fiction.
I don't know much. He's a soccer midfielder?
Yes, Rooney is from England and plays soccer
I know that he is a Brazilian jiu-jitsu who is also a football player and a forward
Yes I do the Minnesota Vikings are coached by Mike Zimmer and Leslie Frazier did you know that?
Not really, I'm more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan. How about you?
No, I haven't been following this year. Is the Super Bowl XLVIII?
Could you recommend a movie by John Grisham?
Anna Kendrick also starred in Wreck-It Ralph. She also starred in it.
Yes, The Last Five Years is a Sci-Fi/Indie Film starring Scott Pilgrim vs The World.
I would recommend Zoom. It's a very good film.
I recommend Zoolander, a very good comedy.
You are welcome.
Yes. He directed The Prophet. It is a great movie. Do you like that genre?
I think Suresh Raina is an athlete. Isn't he on the cricket team in India? I guess he's know for his Right-arm Off Spin.
I don't know much about it, but I do know that Raina is also a prominent cricket player. Do you know anything about it?
Yes, he is a great player. I also like his wife, Victoria Azarenka. Do you like it?
He wrote Uglies and Touching Darkness.
It is a science fiction book that was released in 1987
Tears, Sense and Sensibility were also released that year.
You are welcome, enjoy!
I'm not a big soccer fan, I don't know much about him. I'm more of a football fan.
I'm not really sure, I know he is from Barcelona but I think he is also from Barcelona.
He does! I loved Louis van Gaal when he was a forward.
Yes, and a few players are Wesley Sneijder and Wesley Snipes.
Joseph Heller wrote The Odyssey and The Iliad. Have you read either of these?
He is an American novelist who was influenced by Kurt Vonnegut. Would you like to know more about him?
Yes, Fifty Shades Freed is the next in series to Fifty Shades Freed. it is an erotic romance novel written by E.L. James and was released in 2011.
If you like that, you might also like The Sweet Far Thing. Have you read that?
Bared to You is also written by E.L. James.
Sorry I don't have that information, is there anything else I can help you with?
Ok, enjoy the book!
Yes, he is written Samtilche Erzahiungen and In der Strafkolonie.
It is a fiction novel, similar to Death in the Clouds.
Your welcome. Hope you enjoy them!
The Boys in The Boat: Nine Americans and Their Epic Quest for Gold
She also wrote Sea biscuit, an american legend, and similar books are Flags of our fathers, and Titans.
You're welcome!
Are you referring to James Robinson who starred in No Country for Old Men?
Yes. Patrick McGoohan is the author of Braveheart. Do you like his movies?
Yes he did and it was directed by Ridley Scott
I've heard he wrote a good book called Wet Hot American Summer. Its a drama
Is there anything else I can help you with?
He wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer, Frankenstein, and The Lord of the Rings.
It was released in 1974.
Its a science fiction/fantasy book released in 2007.
No problem, enjoy!
Washington Redskins sucks. did you know Dwight Schar owned this team
Yes, that's right. John Fox is a great coach.
I don't know if he is playing for the Broncos. I know a bit about them.
Sure, it was written by Tracy Chevalier and was released in 1982. Have you read it?
Yes. It is a sci-fi novel .
I'm not sure. Snow Crash is written by Stephen King.
Tropic Thunder has a genre of Historical period drama. Is that what you are looking for?
The Cable Guy is a comedy staring Colin Firth and Ben Stiller. Would you like me to recommend other comedies?
X-Men Apocalypse is a great comedy-dramas. Have you seen it?
Yes. Diana Gabaldon wrote My Own Heart's Blood.
2006 was the year that released My Own Hearts Blood, written in English.
Zero to One is a thriller.
Enjoy your reading!
He directed Cutthroat Island, starring Frank langella, and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Willie Garson starred in this movie. Do you like his movies?
Cutthroat Island was released in 1995
Enjoy !
No, I am not that familiar with them. I do know they are owned by a woman Virginia McCaskey.
I think they will be better than the Vikings and the Lions. They have a good chance.
Yes, the Steelers have won quite a few Super Bowls. I like the Bears.
Sure! Doug Liman directed both Fair Game and Swingers. He also directed both Fair Game and Swingers.
I'm not sure. I think you'd enjoy it. It was released in 1999.
I don't believe it did. But I do know that Rene Russo and Natalie Portman starred in the film.
I don't have that information right now. But, I am not sure who starred in Fair Game. I do know Jerry Maguire starred in several movies.
I do not know that! Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Dwyane Wade starred in Just Wright didn't he?
She is an American professional basketball player for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association.
Yes, it was. It was also written by Steve Harvey.
Yes I did, it was a good movie. Are you a fan of this genre?
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is also a Sci-Fi movie. Are you into that genre?
If you like sci-fi, you might like X-Men: The Last Stand.
You're welcome.
Yes he directed 300: Rise of an Empire, Teddy Bear Chase, Smart People, The Affair, and Art Heist. Have you seen any of those?
300: Rise on an Empire stars Sullivan Stapleton, Peter Mensah, and Eva Green.
I don't have any information on the movie, but I can find it for you.
You might like the movie 300: Rise of an Empire by the same author, Sullivan Stapleton.
I'm not sure about the story. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Eva Green was born in Rochester, New York City
You're welcome!
I don't know much about the Dodgers, but I do know that they are owned by Magic Johnson.
Well, Johnson is from Santo Domingo also. Are you a basketball fan?
That's very true, I had no idea! I wish I could have guessed that.
Sure. Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
Veronica Cartwright and Robert Louis Stevenson starred in this movie.
Besides that year, The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was released as a movie in 2008.
I cannot find any other movies that made into a movie.
You're welcome. I'm happy to help.
Sure, Peace Like a River, Oryx and Crake, and A Lesson Before Dying are similar books.
Oprah Winfrey, Cicely Tyson and Oprah Winfrey all starred in this.
Philippa Gregory also wrote Wideacre, The Virgin's Lover and The Other Boleyn Girl.
I don't know much about Paul Pogba. I know he is a football player who plays Midfielder
I don't know much about him, other than he plays Midfielder. Is he a good player?
Oh, yes it is. Alabama is a great team.
I actually don't know much about football either. I'm more of a fan of American Football.
Patrick Suskind is an author who wrote Dumb and Dumber, have you heard of it?
Absolutely, East of Eden, The Pearl of the World and Travels with Charley: In search of America is all wiritten by John Steinbeck. Do you like these?
Tropic of Cancer has a genre Romance and Historical Fiction. do you like these genres?
Great. You should definitely check out The Fall if you like fiction novels.
I think it was released in 1994.
I am not sure but the Night Watch was written by Anne Tyler.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Do you like the movie because it was written by Martin McDonagh, or because it was starring Tom Cruise?
Yes, it does. Have you seen Seven Psychopaths?
Sure! She also starred in Seven Psychopaths, which is a good one.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Absolutely, O Brother, Where Art Thou starred Scarlett Johansson, Robert Duvall and Ray McKinnon. Do you like Romance Films?
Sarah Clarke also starred in Thirteen. She's a great actress.
Yes, she also starred in a remake of Thirteen.
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie.
It was written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010. Have you read it?
It was written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010.
It is in the genre Science Fiction
He also wrote The Good Dinosaur which is also a thriller.
Of course! Are you partial to works written by Henning Koch or do you like books written by him?
2012 was a great year for books. A Walk in the Woods was also released. Have you read it?
Do you like the genre because it is an action movie?
You might want to check out The Running Man or The Dead Zone. They're all action movies.
Yes, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is a good example. Have you seen that?
Interstellar starred Charlie Hunnam and Bill Murray. It is a Sci-fi/action movie. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome
It is a young-adult fiction book
He directed American Pie, which is produced by Chris Weitz. He also directed American Pie.
Zoe Lister-Jones and Jeff Daniels were also in it. Do you like their movies?
She also starred in Funny Games , have you seen it?
Great, hope you enjoy
The only thing I know about him is that he's a tennis player. I've never been to a football game.
I haven't been to a match yet. I have never been to a game before.
What is your favorite tennis player?
Melink Karakosta wrote Le Petit Prince.
It was also written by Richard Howard, who also wrote Les Fleurs du mal.
I do not have that information, is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, do you like X-Men: The Last Stand because it's a sci-fi/action movie?
The Last Stand has genre X-Men, and X-Men: First Class.
Logan is a superhero film and action film directed by David O. Russell. Some of the actors include Ron Rifkin and Chris Hemsworth
Absolutely!
Yes! he is a great writer who wrote the Pixar film Up. Have you seen it?
Yeah, he wrote a lot of movies like Where'd You Go, Bernadette, and Today Will Be Different. Have you seen any of them?
I like drama films, I think you might like The Warrior's Way, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Manchurian Candidate. Do any of those sound good?
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes. Peter Bart wrote The Godfather
The Godfather also starred Al Pacino, Marlon Brando, and Morgan Freeman.
The Godfather was released in 1998
Sure, The Green Mile is written by Stephen King and a similar book is The Shawshank Redemption. Have you read that one?
Stephen King also wrote The Shawshank Redemption, have you read that one?
There is a film adaptation of the Dead Zone.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
I sure can, She wrote one book called The Orphan Train which was released in 2013. Are you a fan of her work?
She also wrote A Piece of the World.
Yes. They are all in the same genre.
I Am Legend starred Will Smith and Emma Thompson. It is a sci-fi thriller.
I am Legend. I'm not sure if he's been in any other movies actually. Have you seen The Pursuit of Happyness?
He's been in a lot of action movies. He was in The Pursuit of Happyness, which is also a Sci-Fi movie. He also directed I, Robot. Have you seen this one?
Yes, I am a Timothy Dalton fan, he's in this.
Hot Fuzz is also a thriller and adventure film. Do you like adventure movies?
Yes it is. Adventure is also a good adventure movie.
I'm not a fan, I'm more a Calvin Harris fan. What about you?
I like him, do you have a favorite song of him?
I do, he was a great pianist. Do you know he won any awards?
To Kill a Mockingbird was written in 1960.
Yes it was. The Incredible Journey was written by Harper Lee
Sure it was written by Claude-Michel Schönberg and stars Hugh Jackman, Eddie Redmayne and Anne Hathaway.
I'd recommend Waiting to Exhale, a musical theater movie. Have you seen it?
Perhaps you would like X-Men 2 or World Without End.
Yes, The Deer Hunter is written by Quinn K. Redeker and stars Thomas Lennon. It's a Thriller, do you like this genre?
Yes, it was directed by Quinn K. Redeker
Yes, he is very talented
It also stars Meryl Streep
The Denver Broncos are 4th in their division right now. Do you like them?
For sure! It was like king's cage, Rupert Everett, and A court of favs. Would you like to have more recommendation in that genre?
Cold Mountain starred Charlize Theron. I have it's a war film.
I did not watch it but I think Renee Zellweger also starred in Shark Tale and Monsters vs. Aliens.
Cold Mountain is a great book. If you are interested in other movies he has starred in, you should also try To Rome with Love.
J. K. Simmons is an American professional basketball player who plays as a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics.
A movie he has done is Nothing to Lose. He also stars in The Assassination of J.K. Simmons.
It also stars Stephen Fry and Rupert Everett. I am sure you have heard of it.
Ronan Bennett was one of the actors in Public Enemies. Stephen Graham and Shawn Hatosy also starred in it.
I'm not sure, but I do know he was in The Rum Diary with Amber Heard. That's a good movie, too.
Ok, he's down in the comedy The Rum Diary. It's a good comedy.
Well, it's a comedy-drama, with Johnny Depp. I think you'll like it!
The movie stars Harrison Ford and Sela Ward. Are you a fan of Thrillers?
I don't know. But Daniel Roebuck was in The Fugitive.
Yes, I was a fan of that.
I recommend The Witness and The Fugitive. Both are classics.
Yes, he was, along with Harrison Ford.
Based on what you're looking for.
J. M. Barrie wrote Peter Ban
Yes, Peter Pan also wrote The Tragedie of Frankie Landaue-Banks, and The Sant.
It's historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, I hope you like it!
The same Karim Benzema of Real Madrid C.F.? I don't really know him
I think he plays for France national football team.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a great movie written by Gary Scott Thompson.
VIn Diesel also stars inXXX XXX and The Chronicles of Riddick. Do you want to know more?
You're welcome!
Yes, Joh Favreau wrote Made, starring Faizon Love, and Jonathan Silverman
Yes and also Favreau directed it. Do you like his movies?
That is a reality TV starring Tom Cruise. Have you seen that?
Yes, and Nealon also starred in The Three Musketeers.
Yes that is correct! Along with Tom Cruise Is there anything else I can help you with today?
The Gazebo is a drama film directed by Ridley Scott.
Yes, Seth MacFarlane wrote and directed This is the End, a comedy starring George Clooney. Do you like his movies?
Sure. It stars Brad Pitt, Seth MacFarlane and it's a Social Network.
Sure, I have no other information about Seth MacFarlane.
Skyfall stars Tika Sumpter and Mike Colter, did you know it was written by Stephen King?
Yes. He also starred in The Good Doctor and The Dark Knight Rises.
Mark Boal produced this film.
I'm sorry, I do not have any information on the genre of this film.
I recommend Adventure.
You're very welcome!
Yes, it is written by Charlaine Harris and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like this genre?
That's the only one I really know of of her. Would you like to read it?
Sorry, I am not much into the Vampires. I know Janet Evanovich has written a book called Dead to the World.
No problem, enjoy.
He directed the movie Three Kings. Are you a fan of adventure films?
It is considered a Thriller and Drama. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes. You are correct. Jamie Kennedy starred in the film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes. John Green wrote that book. Would you like to learn about other stories he wrote?
I am not sure, but I know he was born in Mumbai.
It came out in 2008 and is a young adult fiction.
Max Brooks is an author of World War Z, are you interested in that book?
2013! The same year Total Control was released.
Sure thing. I hope you enjoy it!
Enjoy your book!
I can recommend X-Men Origins:Wolverine, Woman in Gold and Waiting. Have you seen any of those?
You should watch it. X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
I haven't watched them either. They are very good.
Yes, I have a favorite of mine, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Do you have a favorite book?
The Fellowship of the Ring has adventure, such as The Phantom.
You might also enjoy The Return of the King or The Lord of the Rings.
Yes, it was. He also wrote the Stone of Tears.
Great action movie starring Tom Cruise. Do you like because Tom Cruise is in it or because it is a Action/ Adventure movie?
Tom Cruise produced Days of Thunder with Dennis Quaid. Have you seen that one?
You are welcome.
Your welcome
Great! I hope you like it.
Isn't he married to Cameron Diaz who starred in Shrek 2?
Yes, he wrote that and starred Ben Stiller. Do you like his work?
I do, I like dramas also starring Adrien Brody. Do you like her?
I did not know that it was written by Robert Wade and Ian Fleming great writers.
If you like thriller films, you might try Undercover Brother. It is one of my favorites.
Yes, it is a film. It is also a documentary film.
He is a soccer Player. He plays at Mexico National Football team and Manchester United FC. Do you like soccer?
I believe Manchester United F.C is coached by Ryan Giggs
You're welcome.
O Alquimista was written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988. He also wrote The Alchemist. Have you read that book?
O Alquimista was released in 1988 and written in English. He also wrote The Alchemist.
Yes he did. Onze minutos was released in 1987. It's a Portuguese language.
He starred in movies such as Turbulence, The Shawshank Redemption, The Mist and The Green Mile. Have you heard of these movies?
Yes, she did. She also starred in The Mist and The Lawnmower Man. Are you a fan of those actors?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy!
Isn't he a midfielder on the Germany national football team?
The Kansas City Chiefs are a AFC West National Footbal league team and was founded by Lamar Hunt.
I like to watch college football, basketball, and baseball. What about you?
I'm a Packers fan so I really don't know much about the Redskins, who is their quarterback?
The invention of wings is a book and movie. It was released in 1892.
The Last Samurai is starring Yuki Matsuzaki. what else can i do for you?
I'm not sure about that. I do know that Tom Cruise starred in The Pink Panther. Would you like to know more about it?
He was also in The Perfect Score.
Sure. A couple of my favorites are What My Mother Doesn't Know and Walk Two Moons.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
I liked them better when Jason Witten was playing, but they're still a pretty good team. Are you a fan of the Cowboys?
I have not seen it, I only know that Ned Beatty starred in it and that was a comedy too.
Yes, that was a great movie! I haven't seen it, but I've heard it's great.
I'm also into a few Comedy-drama movies. I'll add to my watch list!
He directed the War Film, Battleship. Have you seen it?
It is a War film and a biography. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Wonder was written by R.J. Palacio. Are you familiar with this author?
Yes, Wonder was a book written by R.J. Palacio. Are you familiar with this author?
Yes it was. It is a fantasy book
I am not sure about that but I know it was also released in 2014
Honey was released in 2014
Bill Murray starred in Zombieland, Wild Things and Tootsie. Have you seen any of those?
I am not sure, but Bill Murray starred in Wild Things. He also starred in The Princess Diaries.
Yes, she is a writer who wrote The Scarlet Letter. Are you familiar with that book?
She has also written The Princess and the Frog.
It is a romantic drama.
It was written in 1850
Young adult genre has examples: The Fault in Our Stars, The Forest House, and How to Train Your Dragon.
I know that it was written by Jane Austen and released in 1817.
Persuasion is actually part of a series. Another similar novels are Sense and Sensibility, Persuasion. Would you like to hear more?
If you enjoyed Jane Austen, you might also enjoy Persuasion.
You're welcome.
Yes, I do. Are you looking for a specific genre by the same author or genre?
Tower Heist is a comedy/drama and it was released in 2002.
Tower Heist is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
I don't have any suggestions about movies he's in.
She wrote оскресение and нна аренина. Have you heard of them?
Yes, many of her books are in English, like Tolstoy's War, and Russian.
You're welcome!
I've never actually seen it, but I love Orlando Bloom!
He also starred in Troy, have you seen it?
That's a good book, do you like all Kim Edwards books?
I suggest The Secrets of a Fire King or The Lake of Dreams.
That's a good one!
Snow Crash is a Speculative Fiction book written by Neal Stephenson. Do you like his books?
He starred in What's Your Number?, which is a Romantic Comedy. Do like this type of film?
Sean Connery and Anna Kendrick also starred in the film. It's a romantic comedy/crime movie.
I don't have that information. However if you like Tika Sumpter, I recommend Mr. & Mrs. Smith
You're welcome.
It was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like to search based on his books?
Yes. Ernest Hemingway wrote that as well. He also wrote To Have and Have Not. Have you read that one?
You're welcome
You're welcome
Sure! He is a Swiss professional tennis player. Do you enjoy tennis?
No, I don't know much about Stan Wawrinka, other than he is from Switzerland.
Yes, he has starred in the 2012 Olympics.
There is a next in series to it, named Sellevision.
A Wolf at the Table is a historical novel released in 1982. It was the first of a series of books on A Wolf at the Table that was released in 1979. Would you like to know more about this?
I am not sure about that, but it is a sequel.
Enjoy your books!
I have no idea, can you suggest any?
It's a novel.
Terry Pratchett wrote this one, he also wrote The Last Hero, a fiction novel.
Do you like Wes Craven because it is a thriller?
Yes, Wes Craven wrote My Soul to Take, where is starring Emily Meade and Frank Grillo
Yes he does, both he's a great actor. His role in The Soul to Take.
Happy to help!
Of course. Anne Rice wrote Vittorio the Vampire and Violin.
Yes, she did. Frankenstein is also considered a horror novel.
I am not sure of that information, but it's possible.
Sure, have you read The Absolute Sandman, Volume One?
There is also The Graveyard Book and The End of the Affair.
Happy to help!
Lois Lowry wrote The Patriot. It is a war novel. Are you a fan of this genre?
Speculative fiction. Messenger's genre is considered 'The Giver'.'
It was released in 1997.
The Great Gatsby is a novel and The Chosen and The Affair are similar to it.
He directed Moon, Warcraft, and Source Code.
Moon starred Marc John Jefferies, Kelsey Grammer, and Laurence Fishburne.
It's a sci-fi film based on a true story.
They are not my favorite National Football Team.They play in the NFC North away from either of my teams so I do not have any issues with them.
I hope they have a good chance. They'll have to beat them last week, have you been to a game?
OMG, I love the Cowboys. Do you have a favorite football team?
No, but I would love to. I am a Philadelphia Eagles fan. Have you been to any professional sports games?
Sure! Do you like it because you are a Harrison Ford fan?
Garth Williams directed the movie
He also directed A Bug's Life, which is another great movie he directed.
Yes, it is starred by Matt Damon. Do you like it because it is Spy Fiction?
I have not seen the one in Thor, but my familiar with his work is The Devil in the White House. Have you seen that one?
I have not seen it but I'll check it out. Thanks for the info.
Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien? He wrote this one.
Yes, J.R.R. Tolkien wrote The Lord of the Rings, have you read it?
by John Lee Hancock?
Daniel Radcliffe starred in Grimms Fairy Tales.
He starred in Green Zone which is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome.
It comes under Fiction and Children's literature, do you like that genre?
Yes, I do. The Lightning Thief is a young-adult fiction, do you like that genre?
It's a fantasy, similar to The Lightning Thief, have you read that one?
Great, I'll add that to your list.
She is in Thirteen Reasons Why and Wicked.
The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban is one of her most famous. Have you read either of those?
That's a good one! William Hurt and Tim Roth all starred in it.
The genre is Science Fiction and Psychological Thriller, which genre would you prefer?
Yes, he wrote Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
Sure! For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway. This is a war novel which was also made into a movie.
To Have and Have Not and The Sun Also Rises are two good books by him.
Absolutely, enjoy
Well he starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
Deadpool also stars Stefan Kapicic, Stefan Kapicic, and Ed Skrein
Deadpool is a comedy
He is a Writer
Haha. I don't know much about it, other than he is from Santo António. You like him?
Yes, he was a Colombian professional footballer who plays as a forward for French club Paris Saint-Germain
Are you looking for other books by John Green, or other thrillers?
I do not have a book similar to The Fault in Our Stars, but The book is written by John Green and is Young-adult fiction.
Have you read Xenocide or Wolf Brother? They are both dramas.
Yes, it was written by Ernest Hemingway and released in 1877. Would you like to read it?
Enjoy!
James Franco is a wonderful actor. He starred in Palo Alto, Your Highness, Palo Alto and Whatever It Takes (romantoc comedy genre)
This movie is based on a romantic comedy, directed by James Franco and it stars Denzel Washington.
It was released in 2004.
Enjoy!
Yes. She is most famous for The Joy Luck Club. It is a novel that was released in 1969. Do you enjoy novels?
Yes, it is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
Yes, it is. Do you want me to add it to your list?
I do! He directed The Apostle. Are you a fan of dramas?
It starred Harrison Ford and Farrah Fawcett. Have you seen that one?
I don't have any information on that one, but Robert Duvall did.
I'm not sure about that, but Bruce Willis did star in it.
You're welcome.
I do! Mark Waters directed The Amazing Spider-Man, which is a Thriller.
Mark Ruffalo and Laurence Fishburne also starred in it. Do you know them?
It is considered a psychological thriller and horror film.
You're welcome
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She has other books, Do you like the Romance genre?
Sure! Jane Austen wrote Mansfield Park, Lady Susan and Dawn of the Dreadfuls.
She wrote White Oleander, I highly recommend it.
The book was released in 2003 and is considered a dystopian fiction.
You're welcome.
Akira Kurosawa is an Indian film director and producer. He directed Seven Samurai. Do you like his films?
I like adventure movies, would you like to hear about any of those?
Seven Samurai starred Keanu Reeves and Akira Kurosawa.
I hope you find a good movie to enjoy. I have a couple of Japanese movies.
Me too, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was directed by Chris Columbus.
Yes, he wrote Les Miserables didn't he?
Yes, it was the same year as The Invisible Man.
Oh, I forgot about that one. It's a very good read.
I don't know much about them either. I'm sorry I don't follow them
Once Upon a Time in the West is a western film similar to Open Range & Posse.
Shane is a comedy crime thriller, and was released in 1988.
Your welcome
Sure. Jodi Picoult wrote Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts. Have you read those?
You might enjoy The Looking Glass Wars. It's written by Frank Beddor.
You're welcome.
Of course! He is a great author. He wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop, to name a few.
Charles Dickens also wrote A Christmas Carol, Oliver Twist. Does that sound interesting to you?
Yes, he did. That was released in 1853 the same year as A Christmas Carol.
That's right! I think I'll add it to your list.
Great, have a great day!
He is a basketball athlete who lives in Long Beach, California.
No, I do not watch it
I like to watch football. My favorite sport is to watch
No, I haven't but I hope they have a good season this year.
I have not seen it but I know that it was written by William Nicholson
Yes, he directed Pacific Rim and Pan's Labyrinth. He also directed The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.
No, They're both comic movies. If you like comic movies, I recommend X-Men 2 or World Without End.
Atlas Shrugged is a novel written by Leonard Peikoff and Ayn Rand. We the Living and Anthem are similar.
Yes, he wrote We Are All Right, and Ayn Rand. Would you like to know more?
The book was released on Ayn Rand the same year.
If I Stay was written by Gayle Forman, and is a fantasy novel. Do you like the genres and drama?
You can try When You Reach Me, Wildwood Dancing, and Wicked Lovely.
You are most welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
You are most welcome.
Mark Osbourne directed Kung Fu Panda. Do you like animated films and shows?
Yes, he is! He's a great actor. Did you know he was also in The Little Prince?
Oh yes, he's amazing. He's been in a number of films including The Jungle Book, The Legend of Zorro and the Last Airbender.
Great! I'll add Superbad to your watch list.
Of course! Are you a fan of James Patterson or the author James Patterson?
Well, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
It is also considered a Children's Fiction book. Another good one would be Water for Elephants. Have you heard of it?
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
I'm not a huge basketball fan but I do know that they are located in Oakland. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure. I don't really know much about basketball, but I do know that it's located in Oakland.
No, I'm not a big basketball fan. I am not to into sports.
I like football as well. Who's your favorite team?
Yes, he is a cricket player from India.
Yes, and he is a great player.
Yes. Bridget Moynahan starred in Coyote Ugly.
Sure, John Boyne wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read it?
It's a tragicomedy. A classic Pajamas was released in 1985.
It was released in 2006, the same year as The Lion, The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
Enjoy!
I do! It was directed by Tony Gilroy and Tamara Tunie played a starring role.
Oprah Winfrey, Reese Witherspoon, Mindy Kaling all played in the movie.
I am not sure of the release date. I do know that it is a drama.
You're welcome
Divergent is from the Utopian and Dystopian fiction genre. Would you be interested in other films in that genre?
Cool! Young adult films like The Hunger Games are; Underworld, Wildwood Dancing, and Walk Two Moons.
Sure Besides Elle s'appelait Sarah, Tatiana de Rosney wrote Boomerang.
Yes, she did. She also wrote Rose in Bloom.
I'm not sure, but it's similar to Zoe's Tale.
Your welcome.
She wrote the Childrens novel Black Beauty
Anna Sewell was born in 1877. She wrote the series of books.
No problem. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, They are very good. You should listen to them if you haven't heard any of them. What type of music do you like?
Yes, he does. He is a guitarist.
I think so. If I'm not a TV show, I will check it out.
Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline and released in 2013. Do you like the author Christina Baker Kline?
No, Orphan Train is historical fiction. Do you like her work?
I really like all of her Kline books. A similar book is To Kill a Mockingbird.
Glad to help!
Do you mean the Thriller with Kevin Spacey?
Street Kings is starring Al Pacino. Do you like Al Pacino?
I'm not sure, but I know it's a Drama.
You're welcome.
Yes I do. J.J. Cohen starred in Back to the Future, which also stars Thomas F. Wilson. Have you seen it?
Yes, Back to the Future with Leonardo DiCaprio is a great Sci-Fi movie. He also was in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
CCH Pounder is an author, she wrote a book called Welcome to the Monkey House.
Yes, he did. That's a great movie. Do you like Kevin Zegers movies?
Yes, I heard it was a mystery and horror movie.
Yes, Zodiac is more of a crime fiction film.
You're welcome.
I like Russel Wilson as an actor. He was in Zoolander. Do you like speculative fiction?
Yes, he does. Do you follow any other sports ?
Not really a football fan so I'm not a huge fan of the Buffalo Bills.
Sure, Hayao Miyazaki directed The Pillars of the Earth, which is an adventure film.
Ponyo starred in a lot of action films. You might also enjoy the Witch of Blackbird Pond.
Princess Mononoke was released in 2005 in English and directed by Roland Emmerich. It is another great family film.
You're welcome!
Matt Damon wrote Good Will Hunting, starring Matt Damon. Good Will Hunting was produced by Tony Gilroy so the two might be similar.
I recommend Insolved, The Long Kiss Goodnight, and The Lat Stand. I think you'll like those.
LOL! It's a great place to watch!
I'm not sure about that. I think you'll enjoy it.
Of course! Thanks!
I like him, he is a quarterback for the New orleans Saints. Do you like him?
I'm not sure if he had a chance to play any other sports. I know that he actually plays for the Saints.
It would be good to see them go too.
Sure! Bruce Willis was in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen it?
The Older is also known as Bruce Willis. It was released in 1969.
Awayne Johnson is also in it. It is an animated film. Do you like comedies?
Yes, Elisabeth Shue is actually a comedic movie based on the movies.
I sure will! Is there anything else I can do for you today?
Have a good day!
Clint Eastwood, Dreama Walker, and Cory Hardrict starred in Gran Torino. It is a family film. Do you like Clint Eastwood films?
Warm Bodies starred Cory Hardrict. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Tony Jay, Cory Hardrict starred in this movie along with Ryan Gosling.
You're welcome, you are very welcome!
I would recommend Radiance and Warbreaker.
It was released in 2004. It is a warbreaker.
It was released in 2011. Do you need any other recommendations?
You're welcome.
Do you like movies starring Nathaniel Parker? He directed Tangled.
One of my favorites is The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen that?
I can't remember if she was in that movie, but if Molly Shannon starred in The Daytrippers as well.
The next in the series is Speaker of the Dead. Do you like science fiction?
Yes, he wrote Xenocide which is a science fiction novel. Do you like science fiction?
You should try The Memory of Earth if you haven't read that one yet.
Great, enjoy!
Sure, he directed Three Kings. HE also directed the wonderful film I Heart Huckabees with Lily Tomlin and Dustin Hoffman.
He did star in Three Kings. He is a great actor.
Your welcome.
Anthony Daniels is a director. He starred in The Making of Star Wars with Harrison Ford. Are you familiar with that?
I know he was in the Star Wars film The Sixth Sense. If you are fond of his films, I would recommend the film X-Men 2.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome.
Forrest Gump starring Tom Hanks was an awesome movie
No, I do not have any information about any other movies like Forrest Gump.
Your Welcome
I liked Christmas Carol in 1843. Did you see this book? It starred Jim Carrey.
Ok. Then you might also like The Life of David Gale. Have you seen that one?
Yeah, The Black Cat is a fantasy, I think you might like it.
Oh yes. It is a great book. Some more gothic fiction I like is Without Fail.
Not a problem.
The only thing I really know about them is that they are one by Jeffrey Lurie.
Yeah, they are owned by Jeffrey Moats. I don't know much about them.
I didn't know that. I do know that Penny Marshall was drafted too.
I did not know that. I will have to check those out.
Do you enjoy Speculative fiction?
Yes, it is! The Lord of the Rings is considered speculative fiction. Other examples are The Return of the King, The Lord of the Rings: The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring, and The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring. Would you like to hear more titles?
Yes, it is considered children's literature as well. Another example of speculative fiction is The Return of the King.
I do not follow much football but I do know the team is coached by Ken Whisenhunt. Are you a fan?
They were runner ups in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
It seems to be a lot of fun to go to but I would like to. I wish I could have a chance to see them play the Patriots.
Sure I can. Brad Pitt wrote Troy, which is an action film. Do you like that genre?
Have you heard of X-Men 2 or World Without End? They are both historical films.
It is a great movie. Jason Statham and Brad Pitt also starred in it. I think you'll enjoy it.
Sure, enjoy!
Did you like the Sci-Fi aspect of it?
Do you have a favorite sci-fi movie?
It's a good one. Jennifer Lawrence and Liam Neeson are in it. Do you like them?
Oh yes, she's very talented. You'll have to watch it again, enjoy!
Yes, 50/50 is a Romance movie. A similar movie to 50/50 is the movie Shopgirl. Would you like to know more?
Yes, he was in this TV comedy. I like George Clooney. Do you like his work?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can give you some other actors who starred in it.
True Believer is another good book, Do you like books by Nicholas Sparks?
Nicholas Sparks is the author of Last Song.
No, it is for a children's literature, but I do think it sounds like a good plan.
Hes great and has a wonderful wife in Gisele
Well Wildcats was written by John Lennon and I love the movies that he wrote.
Yes, you might really enjoy Couples Retreat. Have you seen that one?
Sure. Are you in to sci-fi movies? The Alien movies were directed by the great James Cameron.
Volcano was a great adventure film, I also like The Alamo. Do you like those?
Tommy Lee Jones is an executive producer on the TV series, Adventureland, a sci-fi show. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure if he was in Dante's Peak. I think you'll enjoy that movie.
Enjoy them!
I would. Eric Stoltz was great in that movie. I wonder who wrote it?
William Scott starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Great, you may like The Women of Brewster Place, which is a thriller.
Oh yes, he is most well known for staring in Star Trek
Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home is a Sci-fi. Would you like to hear more about Walter Koeing movies?
The Voyage Home starred Leonard Nimoy, Jeff Bridges, and Amy Smart. Would you like more information about The Voyage Home?
You're welcome.
ok, have a nice day.
The Golden Compass is a similar movie to Inside Man.
The Big Hit is a great movie! Other thriller movies that I would recommend are Zodiac, Undisputed, and Tomorrow Never Dies.
Your welcome.
Cesc Fabregas is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Premier League club Chelsea and The Spanish National Team.
Oh wow, that's pretty cool. What other sports do you like?
Hmm. I don't know much about tennis but I know he was married to Serena Williams.
I don't really follow sports much, did you know Jay-Z owns the team?
Yes, he was in the 2008 NBA Finals. I don't follow basketball too much.
Yes, he did. I also like the Bucks.
Memento is a thriller. It was directed by Christopher Nolan and stars Thomas Lennon. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, William Morgan Sheppard and Christopher Nolan also starred in The Prestige.
No I have not seen Wild at Heart but I know that it is directed by David Ayer and produced by Paul A. Romero.
Calvin Harris is a well known DJ that has also wrote some songs like We Found Love, and Dance With Me.
Rita Ora is actually a dance pop artist. She started as a child actor in the film Nineteen Eighty-Four.
You're welcome. I hope you like it.
Adam Brown starred in the Hobbit series. Do you like fantasy genre movies?
Then I suggest watching all of the Lord of the Rings films.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Certainly!
OK.
He is a basketball shooting guard, plus he won the NBA sixth Man of the Year Award.
Yes. I think he's definitely a good player. I don't like basketball either. How about you?
Yes, you are right and i don't know much about the Lakers.
Sure! It was written by George Lucas, and stars Shia LaBeouf, Karen Allen, and of course Harrison Ford. Are you a fan of any of those people?
Sure, you can watch The Legend of Tarzan or The Colditz Story.
Sure, you can try Armageddon, it was released in 2007
Your welcome
Crescendo is written by John Grisham and is a thriller.
Becca Fitzpatrick also wrote Hush, Hush, and Crescendo.
Great, I hope you enjoy.
Sure, The maze Runner is first in a series, next is The Scorch Trials then The Kill Order. Have you seen any of them?
Young adult fictions is The Scort Runner. The Scort Runner is starring Rosa Salazar, Lili Tayl, and Ki Hong.
OK. You're welcome.
Why certainly! I love The Day After Tomorrow. Have you seen that?
Perhaps you would like A Christmas Carol, it is a historical drama like Prince of Persia.
He is a highly rated actor. I would also recommend The Day After Tomorrow, which is a very popular film, based on his movies.
Yes, he directed friends with Benefits. Justin Timberlake starred in it.
Annie stars Tika Sumpter and Thomas Lennon
Jamie Foxx also stars in The Last Stand, have you seen it?
The Notebook was written by Nicholas Sparks who as far as I know, writes nothing but romance novels. Do you like romance?
Yes, it was Message in a Bottle was made into a movie. I haven't read it yet.
The Notebook was actually released in 2016 and the book wrote Message in a Bottle was made into a movie.
It was Message in the BFG, the first of the book was written by James Patterson.
Yes, he is very talented. He has also written A Walk in the Woods and many other interesting ones.
You are very welcome.
Sure! Twilight: The Complete Illustrated Movie Companion is written by Rick Riordan. It is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It's a book that was written in 2002. It was also turned into a movie.
You're welcome!
Sure, are you interested in other books by Nicholas Sparks or books written by him?
He's a great writer. He wrote The Crucible. Have you read that?
Yes, you are correct! Christopher Bigsby also wrote The Crucible.
He also wrote The Crucible, a tragedy.
No problem. Have a great day!
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
They are. They're not a Super Bowl XLVII, though.
Not too much of a Patriots fan. They'll have to win Super Bowl XLVIII and a Super Bowl XI.
You're right! Lolita wrote The Eight & Matched. Are you familiar with these?
It is written in English and released in 1962.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome. Enjoy
Yes, I think he is a very good singer and also a singer. Do you like him?
Yes, Jessica Biel also had a spouse, Jessica Biel.
Yes, it's very funny. I've heard it's one of my favorite films.
Both were written by J. K. Rowling. They were released in 2016. She also wrote a book called The Silkworm.
She also wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard and The Cuckoo's Calling. Have you read any of these?
It was released in 2014 and is in the English language. Are you interested in any of her other books?
Of course, if you like that genre, you might like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
Sure, it was co-written by Roger Zelazny. It was released in 1998.
Both were written by J. K. Rowling. They were released in 2016. She also wrote a book called The Silkworm.
There are few. Have you seen The Silkworm or The Casual Vacancy?
I'm not sure but the book is in English.
Yes, I'm showing that it is in English.
Sorry, I don't show that information.
No problem. I hope you enjoy it!
I do! Total Recall has a genre of thriller and science fiction. Would you like titles related to these genres?
No, I don't think so. He plays for France National football team.
I like Basketball a lot. What is your favorite team?
No I haven't. Is there a specific show you like?
I do. I liked the movie Space Jam.
Yes. I like The Gordon Ramsey too.
Inception starred Tom Berenger, Michael Gaston, and Christopher Nolan. Would you like to know more about this movie?
Yes, that's correct.
Enigma was released in 2002. It is a drama/fantasy film that was released in 2011.
You got it.
Rob Reiner is an author he wrote This Is Spinal Tap.
If you like Rob Reiner, you should check out This Is Spinal Tap.
One of his produced is The Fault in Our Stars.
You are welcome!
Jamie Ford wrote Songs of Willow Frost. You like her?
They are fiction. I am not sure of the exact year.
You are welcome.
I like the movie Spring Breakers and some of her songs, how about you?
I'm not sure who was in that movie. I just saw her in The Muppets!
In that case, I think you'll like The Muppets as well.
Do you like Michael Parks because he was in comedy or because of his acting?
They didn't win but the Red Sox were runner ups in Super Bowl XLI. Are you a baseball fan?
Not really. I am more of a baseball fan. What about you?
It would be considered a baseball player, as well as a Red Sox. My team is the Red Sox. Do you have a favorite team?
I think he is a very talented golfer. What's your opinion
Wow, I am not sure. I don't know much about him. He was in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
That's interesting. He had a relationship with Tiger Woods since he won the 2005 PGA Championship.
Yes. The Hurt Locker is directed by Kathryn Bigelow
Yes he did, he also starred in Thor. It's a great movie.
Decetfullyfully, it also stars Veronica Cartwright and Sharlto Copley.
Sure thing. Enjoy!
I don't know a whole lot but I think they are in the NFL and are owned by Bill Bidwill.
No they were born in Arizona. I don't know much about football
Not really, I like college football. I like college more. Do you?
I don't know much about him other than he plays football. I do not know much about him
I understand. I don't know much about soccer, other than they're one of the best teams in the world.
I really don't like soccer, but I'm more of a American Football fan. What about you?
Unfortunately i have not read the book or heard of Gabriel Garcia Marquez the author.
Other books in the language English include The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and The Magician's Nephew.
Yes, it is written in English.
Sure. Do you like books written by James Patterson or the genre?
Yes it is, similar to Captain Corelli's Mandolin.
Ok, it was written by James Patterson. It is also a fiction novel.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a great movie by Ian McEwan. It was released in 2001.
Sure, I'd recommend Under the Tuscan Sun. It's a romantic comedy, starring Tom Cruise.
If you liked that, you might enjoy The Wolf of Wall Street. It's more of a Tragicomedy.
I sure do! He starred in Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow. Have you seen those?
Great, he has a great cast of thrillers, including Horton Hears a Who! and The Pursuit of Happyness.
Sure, some actors in the film are Zombieland, Corey Johnson, and Xander Berkeley. Are you familiar with them?
No problem! Enjoy!
Are you looking for other books by the same author, Lisa See?
The Sheltering Sky is a historical fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Of course, I think you would like Xenocide, Wolf Brother, and Witches Abroad.
I did not know that! I only know that Saina Nehwal is an athlete that plays Badminton. I believe it is a sport similar to tennis.
No, I do not believe so.
Yes it is. The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet is also a Princess of Denmark.
I agree. I love Romeo and Juliet, a classic!
No, I am not a fan of any play but I do know that she authored the classic A Midsummer Night's Dream.
Sense and Sensibility was written by Jane Austen. Would you like other books by her?
Correct. Jane Austen also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
I think he's great, I especially like the song Be with you. What other songs do you like?
I believe he also dated Anna Kournikova.
If you enjoy dance pop, you might also enjoy The Incredibles.
The Aviator stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Frances Conroy. Are you a fan of either?
Kelli Garner, Martin Scorsese, and Franses Conroy starred in The Aviator.
He had a starring role in Titanic. Anything else I can help with today?
Ok.
He directed Red Cliff, Windtalkers, and Summer of Sam. Have you seen any of these?
Yes, she is in it. You should check it out.
You're welcome.
She wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read either ?
It is a family drama. Do you like those types of books?
I do not have any information on the Historian. I do not have any information on the subject of the Swan Thieves.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
I believe he is an athlete but can't recall what sport he plays. Wait, I think it's Golf.
yes i love play. what is your fav sport?
no i didn't know that. who is your favorite tennis player?
i like basketball as well. what sports do you like?
i have never been to a professional boxing game, what is your favorite sport?
i like a lot of football. have you ever been to a game in person?
not crazy about them. my team is the steelers. do you like them?
Cam Newton. He is the current coach of the Atlanta Falcons.
My favorite Patriots team is the Seattle Seahawks.
I would recommend Un di Velt Hot Geshvign by Marion Wiesel.
Yes, Un di Velt Hot Geshvign was released 1958 and it is in the English language.
Yes. The Man in Havana was written by Marion Wiesel.
Ethan Suplee starred in Vulgar
Not at this time ,But Ethan Suplee also starred in X-Men 2. Are you interested in more movies from him?
Yes. William Lee Scott also starred in The Butterfly Effect.
No problem.
Yes. The band is apart of a band under multiple labels including Warner Music, Universal Music and Republic Records. Do you like any of these types of music?
Yes, Gwyneth Paltrow did star in that movie.
I have never heard of that. Can you tell me more about it?
You're welcome. I hope you like it.
Not too much but they were the runners up in Super Bowl XXXI. You like them?
Yes, it is. Do you have a favorite team?
Oh, I see. I am not a big football fan.
Oh wow. Thanks for all the information!
Terry George has directed Hotel Rwanda, starring Sophie Okonedo and Joaquin Phoenix. He is quite a director!
I am not sure if he has directed any other films he has directed but
That movie is in the drama genre.
Your welcome
Beatrix Potter wrote The Tale of Peter Rabbit.
It was released in 2001. It is a Novel genre. Do you want to read it?
That is correct. Beatrix Potter has many professions including Peter Rabbit.
You're welcome.
Will Grayson wrote the X-Men origins. Do you like the genre or the author?
He has also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
That is a thriller. I hope you enjoy it.
It is a romantic comedy. I hope you enjoy it.
That is a romantic comedy. It was released in 1999 and is also a movie.
Alice in Wonderland was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Are you a fan of his work?
Lewis Carroll wrote The World According to Garp. What else can i do for you today?
Wonderful! Anything else I can help you with today?
OK. Have a good day.
The Incredibles is written by Brad Bird. Brad Bird starred in Ratatouille. what else can i do for you?
A couple of my favorite family friendly movies are The Incredibles and The Road to El Dorado.
I'm not sure who else starred in Ratatouille, but I do know that Tom Hanks starred in Ratatouille.
He was a basketball player, who played point guard for the Detroit Pistons
I'm not a huge fan, I don't know much about it, is it like a lot of my favorite team?
I don't watch much NFL but my favorite team is the Washington Redskins.
I like basketball and baseball. What about you?
I'm not a big sports fan but I'd like to learn more about the Lakers.
I do,a ctually. It is written by Jim Uhls and stars Edward Norton with Brad Pitt. Have you seen it?
Sure, I enjoyed Walk Away and Behind These Hazel Eyes. Big hits for her? What about you?
I haven't heard much of her music since I haven't heard anything from her. Do you like Taylor Swift?
Oh, I bet you do, I should check her out, thank you.
There is a Heavy metal band as well that's the only one I like.
Of course! Hot Fuzz is an action film, starring John Ratzenberger. It was released in 2006. Is that what you're looking for?
Sure! Do you like Shooter because it's a crime fiction?
In that case, you might enjoy Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee. It is also a thriller, but is also a psychological thriller.
Sure, Rum Diary Stars Anthony Hopkins and she is a great actress!
Glad to help
I've not really followed him much in Golf. I do enjoy golf movies more. How about Caddyshack and Happy Gilmore? Hilarious i think.
What do you think of him?
No, I haven't played any sports but I do like baseball. What sport do you like?
Serenity was written by Joss Whedon, and stars Jennifer Jason Leigh.
No problem, I'll send you some movies to you.
No problem. I am here for you.
It is both a Sci-Fi and Action Film. I recommend it for you.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure. Michael Gondy is a director. He directed Good Will Hunting, which is a sci-fi film.
Be Kind Remind starred Quinton Aaron, Mark Ruffalo, Elina Alminas and George Clooney. Do you like their movies?
I do, Adam Levine is an amazing performer and Maroon 5 musicians are tight. Do you know their music?
I like lloyd banks hes a great singer
I'll have to check them out, would you like me to listen to it?
He is one of the best artists of all time. I am not a huge fan of his music but do you like Moonwalker?
I didn't know it did. She's a talented actress.
That's a good drama!
He is a football player. He is in the Argentina national football team
How are they doing this year?
I agree! He is very popular. I think he's a very good player.
Yes, Puss in Boots and Far Far away are like Shrek.
Yes, have you seen This is Spinal Tap?
Sylvester Stallone and Jeff Garlin are in it.
You're welcome.
Sure, he starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wild Life.
The Wild Life starred Brendan Fraser and Liam Neeson. Are you familiar with their work?
I am not sure who starred in it. I do know it was written by Lea Thompson and is an animated film.
Becca Fitzpatrick wrote Hush, Hush, and Finale to name a few. Do these sound interesting?
She also wrote Silence, Hush, and Hush.
Hush hush is generally considered a fantasy novel, do you like that genre?
You're welcome
I'm not sure who directed it but the movie was directed by Nick Cassavetes
He also directed any other animated films like Payback which is good.
Zoe Lister-Jones and Channing Tatum also starred in it.
You're welcome!
He directed Rango, a popular western film. He also wrote this as well.
It is classified as a action film, similar to The Mexican if that interests you.
Yes! Rango is considered an action film, as well as a thriller.
Your welcome!
21 Jump Street stars Channing Tatum and Amanda Seyfried. Would you like to see these?
Ride Along has a genre of Adventure and comedy.
That is really true. Anything else I can help you with?
I'm sorry, I don't have any suggestions of comedy movies.
Is there anything in particular you would like to know?
You might also enjoy the Harry Potter books. You should read them!
The Vampire Chronicles is a great book! It was written by Richard Dawkins, who also wrote The Silver Chair.
Sure, The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins, who also wrote Gregor the Overlander and Mockinjay.
I don't have any information on that one.
No problem!
She is a musician who wrote Mansfield Park. Have you heard of her?
Mansfield Park is a historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Mansfield Park is a romance novel. Are you into romance?
That is a good one.
Definitely! I like Murder on the Orient Express. Did you know it was directed by Brian De Palma?
He wrote La sombra del viento an el juego del angel. Have you seen it?
I believe it is a non fiction genre. Another good novel is Xenocide.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Les visiteurs and Amélie are good ones. Have you seen these?
Amelie is a musical theater film also starring Nicholas Cage. It's a musical theater.
You're welcome. He also directed A Very Long Engagement and Micmacs.
My favorite song is We Rode in Trucks, have you heard it?
Yes, he is. He's a great singer. Do you like his music?
He is under the Universal Music Group, I'm not sure of the name
Great actor. He starred in Viva Zapata!, The Young Lions, and The Wild One. Have you seen those?
He's great! Those films are all in the Young Lions genre.
I'd go with the Young Lions. Viva Zapata is a drama, but I don't have enough to buy it.
Are you referring to the basketball player?
Yes I am. I like the Lakers. How about you?
Yes, he did
He won the NBA All-Rookie Team
Mervyn Peake is a artist and author, she wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and was influenced by Michael Moorcock
Yes it was. It was written in 1886 by Robert Louis Stevenson.
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Sure, he wrote The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly. Would you like to know more about that?
Scarlett Johansson also starred in Machine Gun McCain.
Yes she was. She also starred in The Incredible Mrs. Ritchie.
Enjoy!
Drinks are the only one I have to recommend. It was written by Robert Jordan.
I can tell you that it is a movie that was released in 2002 and is a romance film.
He is a singer, songwriter and musician from Seoul that played a role in the movie.
Ok, am able to send it to you.
I think Gabourey Sidibe starred in X-Men 2. I think you would like it.
The sequel to The Dark Knight is Batman Begins.
Well, if you like comedy, you would like The Fault in Our Stars. It's the next in the series.
The Fighter, The Dark Knight, and The Hunt for Red October are all adventure movies.
It is a blockbuster and a romance film.
I hope you enjoy it.
The complete Anne of green gables, blue castle and the Rilla of Ingleside. Want to know more?
It was released in 1856.
The Witch of Blackbird Pond came out in 1926.
Sure, Christopher Meloni also starred in Wet Hot American Summer. You might enjoy that one, too.
You might also enjoy The Warrior's Way, starring Christopher Meloni.
Robin Williams, and Ethan Hawke are all in that movie.
You're welcome!
The Shawshank Redemption is written by Stephen King. Would you like to hear more titles by him?
Yes, Peter Jackson also wrote The Mist and The Lawnmower Man.
Would you like that one with Robert Duvall?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
He was the composer of Who's That Chick and Where Them Girls At. Have you heard those songs?
No, I am not a fan, did you know he has a album names of his?
I like Tracy Chapman and Usher. Do you know them?
I like him too. He has a good voice.
Sure. The Interview was written by Cyrus Norwrasteh which also directed The Young Messiah.
It is a action film and it was released in 1996
Absolutely! I hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome have a wonderful day
It was a great comedy starring Seth Rogan and Katherine Heigl. Do you like comedies?
It was released in 2009
Arrietty and Jack Romano starred in the previews.
You're welcome!
Paul Pogba is a football player from Paris.
Yes that is the case, I am not sure about that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I do like American football.
I see. I don't know much about Ryan Griggs either.
I'm not a huge fan of him, but I do know he directed A Beautiful Mind. Have you watched it?
It's considered a drama and a biography. Do you like those types of films?
Yes, he did. He also directed The Incredibles.
sue monk was influenced by Kate Chopin
My apologies but I don't have that information right now. However, I can recommend some other books by her if you like.
Yes, he is from Washington.
Yes, she starred in The Poisonwood Bible and The Lacuna. have you seen them?
It is a Romance novel similar to The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
Zoe's Tale is a Science Fiction novel released in 2008.
You're welcome.
I think she's a very talented singer. I especially like her in Camp Rock and Princess Protection Program. Are you a fan?
Yes, he did. Larry Crowne was a romantic comedy and Julia Roberts was very funny.
Those are great shows. If you like Ashton Kutcher, I think you will like it.
Do you like it because of the author Charlaine Harris?
Then I recommend Dead to the World. It is speculative fiction as well.
Sure! The sound of it was written by Charlaine Harris and is a thriller. Do you like either of those genres?
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like action films?
Skyfall is a action film.
I am not sure, but I know it is also a thriller and stars Denzel Washington
Great! Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't follow football that much. I do know they are owned by Mike Zimmer and Leslie Frazier. I'm a NY Giants fan though.
Oh, I agree, they were runner ups in Super Bowl XIX.
Yes, the Steelers were runner up in Super Bowl XXVIII.
Yes, the movie stars Stephen Baldwin, Kevin Spacey, and Peter Greene. Do you like movies with those actors?
I like thrillers. Zodiac is also a thriller.
Yes, I have seen Unfinished Business. It is a great drama.
I do like hip hop. I like that type of music.
I like alternative rock.
I like Metallica too. I think the movie was a great year for songs.
Yes, John Green wrote it. Are you interested in other books by him?
No, I haven't read that.
You are welcome!
Of course! TRON Legacy is an Adventure Film, starring Tom Cruise. Do you like Adventure films?
Olivia Wilde also starred in Year One. I haven't seen that one but I have seen it as well.
Anything else I can help you with today?
Not a problem
Frank McCourt is an author, he wrote Teacher Man
It's basketball. Do you like basketball?
I can't think of any films that I've seen. Wildcats are hilarious.
No problem!
21 Jump Street stars Channing Tatum and Amanda Seyfried. Would you like to watch those?
He also starred in Magic Mike.
It came out in 2013. Would you like me to send it to you?
You're welcome
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books. The next in the series is The Marvelous Land of Oz.
I love her! She has a wonderful voice. Do you like her music?
Yes, she is a great singer. Did you know she also starred in No Country for Old Men?
Oh yeah she is. I love Impersonations, do you like her? She's a great singer
Yes, that's true. He passed away in 2016. She's a good one- she's been there for more years.
You're welcome. I hope you like it.
It came out in 2004 and is a Romance Film.
The next book in the series was Lord of the Rings.
The Rock was released in 1996. Movies similiar to The Rock is Eagle Eye, and Wild side.
Shark Night is a thriller. It stars Katharine McPhee. Do you like her movies?
Yes, it is very funny. I think David Moore was in a sequel called Shark Night.
I think he plays football for the soccer team. He plays point guard. Do you like soccer?
Yes, I am a huge fan of the New England Patriots.
He plays midfielder and he is also a forward
The Matrix was produced and directed by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
X-Men:Days of Future Past is a fantasy movie. A great sci-fi movie is Transformers.
You're welcome.
Harold Ramis wrote Groundhog Day which stars Bill Murray, have you seen it?
It stars Billie Whitelaw, Willie Garson and Michael Shannon.
It is. You should check it out, if you like romantic comedies.
I sure can, Kuriyama starred in quite a few films including Kill Bill Vol. 1. Do you like horror films?
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you The Sky Crawlers was directed by David O. Russell. Are you familiar with his work?
I'm not showing any other actors in the Sky Crawlers. Sorry, I don't have any information on that.
I don't know any other actors in the Sky Crawlers. I do not know any other films in the series, sorry.
Of course. You got it!
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the series The Oz Books, would you be interested in other books in the series?
The Secret Life of Bees is also a fantasy. Have you heard of this one?
No problem! I hope you enjoy!
I've never heard of her, but I like Tik Tok and Die Young. Are you a fan of hers?
I haven't heard that one, what is it?
She is from Nashville, so I've never heard of her. Is she a good musician?
Utterly Cold Blooded is a good one. He also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Murder by Death. Would you like more information about this?
Breakfast at Tiffany's stars William Hurt and Ty Burrell, did you know this movie was made into a movie?
Breakfast at Tiffany's has the genre Drama/Biography. It is a very good film.
I don't have that information. I know he was born in Addis Ababa.
SteveJobs is an actor, who starred in Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi. Have you seen it?
It's a Romance and Drama movie. Do you like those kinds of movies?
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
He was also in The Cold Moon, starring Paul Walker.
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
He wrote The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary and The Ugly Truth. Have you read these?
Igly Truth is another book written by him.
It was released in 1994
Your Welcome
I don't know much about basketball but I do know he's a point guard for the Chicago Bulls.
I don't know much about basketball, what sport do you like?
I've heard of it, but I don't know much about it.
I've seen them a few times when they've played the Atlanta Braves. Aren't they in the National League too?
Do you know if that is their home venue for the Mets?
I like the Washington Redskins, but baseball isn't doing well this year. What is your favorite team?
He is a good soccer Player. He plays at Mexico National Football team and Manchester United FC. Do you like soccer?
I know he was born in Mexico and that's right? I don't know much about him either.
Oh, I bet you do! I really like that movie too.
Absolutely! Stephen Sommers wrote Van Helsing staring Hugh Jackman as well as The Mummy Returns with the genre adventure. Would you like to hear more about one of these?
It's a thriller like The Mummy Returns. You should definitely check this out.
The Mummy Returns stars Hugh Jackman, who also starred in The Scorpion King. You might like this one as well.
Yes, it's a really popular fantasy movie, if you'd like to see it.
Sure, anything else I can do for you?
Wow, of course. I did not realize it was released in 1996. Do you want something newer and Indie?
Great! You might enjoy the Indie Film, How to Train Your Dragon. Have you seen it?
Also in that genre, it is a Psychological thriller. Would you be interested in seeing it?
I do. I'm a really big fan of Renee Zellwegerand. Do you like it?
Well, if you like Tom Cruise you might also like The Last Samurai.
Pound of Flesh stars Gustave Flaubert. It's a good movie.
You're welcome.
Sure can! I recommend A House of Night Novel by P.C. Cast.
The only one that I know of is Untamed: A House of Night Novel. Have you read that one?
It is. The first in the series is called Wicked Lovely. I think you'll enjoy it.
You could try Undead and Unwed. It is by Melissa Marr.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway. Would you like more books he wrote?
It is a Thriller.
To Kill a Mockingbird and The Manchurian Candidate are also considered romance.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
I don't really follow them. All I know about the Patriots is that they are the team featured in the film Jerry McGuire.
Not really, I think so. I'm more of a New England Patriots fan. They're a runner-up for Super Bowl XLVIII.
He's one of my favorites! I know he's married to Joaquin Phoenix. He's great as well.
The Town was written and starred in by Ben Affleck. Are you a fan of his?
Its a great movie. Peter Craig also wrote Donnie Darko, Kristen Wiig, and Jeff Bridges.
I do not know that directed it but I can recommend other movies he directed.
Okay. Have fun!
Sure, WALL-E is a family movie. Is that what you are looking for?
The Incredibles and The Avengers are also great Sci-Fi movies. Have you seen them?
it stars Michael K. Williams, John Ratzenberger, and Jack Nicholson.
I don't know anything else he directed. Sorry
I'm not a fan of him, I only know that he is a singer/songwriter. I like his music
No, I didn't know that. That is a funny film!
Yes, I'm not a big fan of Russel Brand. I'm not sure if he is in that movie, but I do know he was a voice actor in Zoolander.
Starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn, what do you like about it?
I like him in 10 Days. Would you like to know more about him?
He is, too! He was such an amazing actor. I loved him in Meet the Parents.
I do! I know it was written by Anne Hathaway and stars Meryl Streep. She's a great actress.
I'm sorry I do not have any information on other movies he's directed
I do not think I've seen The Guardian Brothers, a really good one.
Of course, enjoy!
peter starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse.
Sure! Other movies in this genre include The Looking Glass Wars, The Golden Compass, and The Nightingale.
The main lead in X-Men is Jennifer Lawrence, Josh Hutcherson and Liam Neeson.
You're welcome.
Thomas E Connolly starred in The Road to El Dorado. The Road to El Dorado is starring Tom Hanks.
Yes, Thomas E. Connolly wrote The Scarlet Letter.
You're welcome.
I know it was written by Sean Penn, and starring Sean Penn.
Yes, he is an Actor. He also starred in No Country for Old Men.
No problem!
A wonderful movie. It stars Johnny Depp and David Kelly.
Where the Wild Things Are is a good one. Have you seen it?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
Robin Hobb wrote The Dragon Keeper, Ship of Magic, and Ship of Destiny.
You might like The Golden Compass or The Dragon Keeper.
Ship of Magic is written by Christopher Paolini, who also wrote Wintergirls. You might like it.
You are welcome!
Yes. Oscar Wilde wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Importance of Being Earnest. Have you read either of these?
Yes, it is. Dorian Gray is a gothic novel as well. It may not be as much to your interest but if you like that genre.
It came out in 1969.
Great!
Throne of Glass is written by Sarah J. Maas and released in 2012. If you like that book, you might also enjoy The Assassin and the Pirate Lord.
Yes, Throne of Glass was released in 2014.
Sure there is The Assassin's Blade and Queen of Shadows.
No problem! Enjoy!
Sure, Jennifer Ehle starred in Zero Dark Thirty, Taking Chance, Salt and Men in Black 3. What genre do you like?
No, Mark Boal wrote it. If you like Mark Boal, you might also like The Hurt Locker.
I agree. Jessica Chastain was also in The Republic of Love.
I think he is one of the best players on the Colombia national football team.
I don't know much about him either I think he plays soccer for FC Bayern Munich II right?
Oh no, I just know that she is from Columbia. What's her gig?
Sure, do you like speculative fiction?
He also wrote James and the Giant Peach.
You're welcome!
My favorite team is the Redskins. Do you have a favorite NFL team?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
They are a football team - like the Dallas Cowboys.
I'm not much of a fan, but I do enjoy watching Paul Pogba play soccer, what's your favorite team?
I like football and baseball. What sport do you like?
Yes, Alex Ferguson was a great coach. I'm a fan of his though.
Stephen R. Covey wrote The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People and it's in the self-help genre. Are you interested in more books by Covey or self-help books?
THe Cuckoo's Calling and The Mists of Avalon are written by Stephen R. R. Tolkien
Cuckoo's Calling and The Magic of Thinking Big were also released that year
thank you for the recommendation!
Certainly! It was written by Guillermo del Toro, and is a fantasy-action movie. Do you like the genre or the actors?
oh that is a good family movie, have you seen X-Men 2?
Yes, I like him in Pirates of the Caribbean: At the World's End, he is a great actor.
Do you have any questions about the Pirates of the Caribbean because of the mystery?
Yes, David Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest was written by Lawrence Hauben starring Scatman Crothers.
The Man on the Moon is a classic. Another one by Milo Forman is The Moon.
Yes, Prefontaine was a great film! Would you like me to add it to your favorites?
Well, if you like War films, you should check out True Romance.
You're very welcome!
Lauren Oliver is quite the writer. She wrote To Kill a Mockingbird. That's a novel. Do you like speculative fiction?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
No problem. Enjoy!
Paul McCartney! He wrote Yellow Submarine.
That is true. Did you know that he also played with John Lennon?
Yes, he is also a musician like the Velvet Underground.
I believe he plays for the Boston Red Sox.
Oh, yeah. That's very cool. What is your favorite team?
Yes, I believe he was from Australia.
Stuck on you is a great movie similar to The Island.
Sure, if you like sci-fi you might enjoy X-Men 2 or World War Z.
It's a good movie. The other actors that starred in it are Steve Buscemi and Robert De Niro.
Glad to be of help
Sure, he was in the action film Harsh Times. Are you a fan of that genre?
Yes, he was also in National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation and it was a great film.
The film is about a heart surgeon and her difficult relationship with her daughter
You're welcome.
I know that The Red Pyramid was written by Rick Riordan and is a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy books?
Sure, this is a fantasy novel and the Throne of Fire
your welcome
He is a professional footballer who plays as a forward for Barcelona and the Brazilian national team.
Yes, I do. American Football is a great sport to play.
I am a Dallas Cowboys fan. What sport do you like?
He wrote You Can't Take It with You, which is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes but it was in English. I am not sure about the title.
I will have to check it out.
thank you
I am not a huge basketball fan. I do know they are owned by Leslie Alexander. Are you a fan of them?
I like Basketball a lot, but I'm more of a baseball fan to be honest.
I don't know much about basketball either. I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
He wrote Candide.
I don't have that information, but it was released in 1726.
I highly recommend The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer and Lord of the Flies. Have you read them?
You're welcome!
Of course! Winnie the Pooh was written by John Steinbeck. It is a classic children's book.
He also wrote the Tao of Pooh. Think you might like that one too?
You're welcome.
I do! He's a great athlete. Did you know he's also an athlete?
Yes, he is from Liverpool. Are you a soccer fan?
Oh yeah thats where the New Jersey Devils play.
They have a coach named Jose Mourinho.
He is currently playing for FC Barcelona, I believe.
Occasionally, yes. Football is my favorite. Are you a fan?
This book is part of a series. the Dvergent Trilogy
You might also enjoy the Harry Potter book The Prisoner of Azkaban or the Pirates of the Caribbean.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Pulp Fiction is a crime fiction. Would you be interested in some of the genres?
John Travolta also starred in Confederacy of Dunces.
Sure. Enjoy!
I think he is a soccer player. He plays for FC Barcelona, right?
It is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
Yes, he wrote The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.
I'm not sure.
The only Spanish I have from Spanish that I have read is El Principe.
No problem
Yes, I am a baseball fan. My favorite team is the Redskins. Do you like baseball?
They have a few Super Bowls. They're in the AFC East, which is a tough division.
No. I'm not really a baseball fan, but I do know that Fred Wilpon is from New York.
I think the Tennessee Titans is a good team.
Marcus Mariota is a pretty good quarterback but my favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks. Do you know anything about him?
No, I don't have a favorite player. What is yours?
Sure. Tuesdays with Morrie has genre in memoir. You like those kind of books
Yes, I do. She wrote The Witch of Blackbird Pond, which is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like her?
Trace is from New York, she has written many books. Would you like me to add some of them to your list?
Oh that's a great movie. I think you'll like it.
Yes he is! Do you like Crime Fiction?
Sure this was released in 1891 and Influenced By Thomas Gray. Would you like to stay with the same author?
Thomas Hardy also wrote the Picture of Dorian Gray: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
It was released in 1891, the same year The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-Believer was released.
It was released in 1891.
He starred in Animal Kingdom: Let's go Ape.
Perhaps the actors that starred in the movie were Anne Hathaway.
Hope you enjoy them, have a great day!
Sure! She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie. Have you seen those?
Anne Hathaway also starred in Les visiteurs. It's a musical comedy. Do you like those?
Yes, it is. You should check it out.
No problem! I hope you enjoy.
I know he won the 2012 PGA Championship. I think that is cool.
Oh yes, Irish. Ireland is such a beautiful place to visit. I was really sad when he was there, too.
Yea, I think they're all from Ireland. I love their music. I'm more into American Football.
Yeah, Tron: Legacy is starring Scarlett Johansson and John Lennon. Do you like the actors in it?
It is an action movie.
Great! Another good sci-fi movie is Aeon Flux, starring Nicholas Cage. Have you seen that?
Okay, let me know if you need anything else!
District 9 is a Sci-Fi movie written and directed by Neill Blomkamp. He also directed Elysium.
The Neon Demon is a great movie. I bet you will like it!
The Neon Demon stars Bruce Willis and is a thriller, so you might like it!
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I have not heard of her before. Is she a singer?
Yes, and she's one of my favorites!
I like a lot of different types. I think Journey is really popular too.
Probably.
Sure thing. I can tell you that it is part of the Outlander literary series. It was written by Diana Gabaldon and published in 1992.
Sure, you might like The Fiery Cross written by Robert C. O'Brien. It's a historical novel.
Sure! He also wrote A House of Night, which is a fiction novel. It's a historical novel which is also considered children's literature.
You're welcome!
Todd Phillips wrote The Hangover Part II which is a comedy. Do you enjoy comedy?
Zach Galifianakis wrote Old School, have you seen it?
Old School is a Comedy. Enjoy
I'll have to check out The Warrior's Way, then.
Is that the one written by Paula Hawkins?
I haven't heard of it but I have heard of it. Hans Christian Andersen also wrote The Nightingale. Have you read it?
Yes, she did. You'll definitely like that one as well.
No problem! You're welcome!
I'm not sure he wrote II Principe didn't he?
He wrote it in Spanish and has won an Nobel Prize in Literature
Would you like to know more about these books?
There is no information about this book either.
Pete Docter directed Up and also directed Monsters, Inc. Does that sound interesting to you?
I don't know what else she wrote, but the movie is starring Brenda Chapman. Would you like to hear more?
It is a crime movie. Do you like those kinds of movies?
I like the movie Brave, it is a good Family movie.
You're welcome
Steve Kerr is one of their major players though
1994 was the year that they won the NBA Finals.
I don't have information on Hardaway but I know he was a point guard for the Houston Rockets
Yes, Renaldo Balkman is very good as well
The Gunslinger is written by Stephen King and released in 1982. Would you like more books by that author?
It was released in 2008.
You're welcome.
It is a Thriller, do you like Thriller movies?
Zodiac is considered a Thriller, Science Fiction, Psychological Thriller, and Sci-Fi.
I don't have that information, but I do know that it is starring Robert Downey Jr.
I think they are one of the worst teams in the AFC north.
I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. What do you think of the Texans owner Bob McNair?
What is your favorite team? I watch some of the Patriots games.
I was not a big fan of the Browns.
He wrote 1Q84 Books 1-2. He researched Japanese studies.
I don't have any information at this time but he wrote  [Z no shmetsu]
I'm sorry I don't have that information
Yes he also wrote  [Z no shmetsu]
You're Welcome
Oh yes, It was written by Saulius Dagys.
I believe it is a self help book.
Sure, you may want to check out In Cold Blood by Truman Capote.
You are welcome.
Yes, but tell me, are you only interested in the sci-fi genre?
Predators was directed by Steven Spielberg and he also directed Ocean's Eleven.
Avengers: The Winter Soldier also stars Scarlett Johansson
Insurgent was written by Veronica Roth and stars Hugh Jackman, Kate Beckinsale and Kate Winslet.
You're welcome.
Yes. Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995. Do you like the book because of its story line?
He also wrote Where the Heart Is.
He also wrote The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson.
Ok. Enjoy your reading!
Nathan Lane starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton have you seen it?
Yes it is. Do you want me to add it to your watch list?
Yes, she is! I loved that movie! She is a great actress.
Yes! She was! That was a great film.
William Hurt starred in The Tenant of Wildfell Hall, which is a romantic comedy.
Sure! F. Murray Abraham starred in Finding Forrester, The Grand Budapest Hotel and The Bridge of San Luis Rey, have you seen any of these?
To Kill a Mockingbird is a very popular crime genre. He also starred in The Rules of Attraction.
I cannot find a science fiction movie.
Well it was directed by Chris Hemsworth, and he also directed Scarlett Johansson. Do you like his work?
Yes, it is. It's a great action film.
No problem. Enjoy
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
I like football, what's your favorite team?
No, I'm not much of a football fan. Who's your favorite team?
I do not have that information. I do know that their coach is John Fox. Do you like them?
Who is your favorite Seahawks team?
Yes, I like the Patriots. Who do you like?
If you like Outlander, you should. It is science fiction and children's literature that interests you.
If you like sci-fi, you might also enjoy X-Men: The Last Stand.
Xeneo DiCaprio is the first sci-fi movie Outlander. Another great sci-fi movie this year is The Lion, The Witch and the Wardrobe.
You're welcome!
I've never read the book but I heard it was good.
That's a good book. Then you'll like Truman, Gone Girl, Gone Girl.
Ok. Then I would recommend To Kill a Mockingbird.
You're welcome
The coach is Lousi van Gall but thats really all i know. Do you like him>
I think Jürgen Klinsmann also plays for FC Bayern Munich. Are you a fan?
I know he is a Tennis player, but I don't really know much about him.
Sure, One for the Money is a book written by Kirsten Smith. Would you like to hear more titles from her?
DIary is written by Meg Cabot. Its a great book.
Yes, Stephenie Meyer also wrote The Chemist and Girl with a Pearle Earring
Yes, it is a part of the series.
You are welcome.
Inside Out is a Thriller, starring Denzel Washington.
Well, also a voice actor was in Wreck-It Ralph. That's a hilarious movie!
This is the End is a comedy-drama. It's very good!
Great, I hope you like it!
Great, have a nice day!
Well, he starred in I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With, which also starred Amy Sedaris. It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romance?
Yes she did , she also starred in a TV show called Women in Love, which is a television show.
She has starred in What Women Want also starring Sarah Silverman. It is a Science Fiction Comedy-drama movie.
My favorite is A Beautiful Mind. Have you seen it?
Have you seen A Beautiful Mind, starring Morgan Freeman?
He also directed A Beautiful Mind which was a comedy as well.
Well, he's a very good director. He directed Thick as Thieves, I highly recommend it.
Mr & Mrs Smith is written by Simon Kinberg and stars Vince Vaughn and Stephanie March. Are you interested in movies with those actors or writer ?
Angelina Jolie is in that film, and Angelina Jolie is in it.
Sure! Donnie Darko is a Thriller written by Richard Kelly. The movie stars Seth Rogen along side Mary McDonnell. Do you like Thriller movies?
Yes, he wrote the Box as well. The movie stars Seth Rogen. Do you like his movies?
Yes, The Box is a Thriller. You might also like Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt. Have you seen it?
You might also enjoy the Looking Glass Wars starring Kyla Pratt. Have you seen that one?
Welcome. Happy to help.
The Throne of Glass is written by Rick Riordan. Other books in this genre are The Assassin and the Desert.
The Throne of Dawn is a fantasy novel.
I'd recommend The Assassin's Blade.
Would you like recommendations for other thrillers?
Yes, Gothika is a comedy/drama that was released in 2002. Do you like that genre?
My pleasure. I hope you like it.
Certainly, Beatrice Sparks is a famous writer and wrote Go Ask Alice.
It certainly is. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome.
Sure! Do you enjoy movies with Sandra Bullock in them?
Did you know that Sandra Bullock also starred in X-Men: First Class?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
Enjoy
Yes. I like Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he wrote Will Grayson, The Fault in Our Stars, and Looking for Alaska. Would you like to hear more of his books?
I'm not sure but I believe it's a drama.
You're welcome
If you like Outlander, you might also like The Road to El Dorado.
It was released in 2013.
It's a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
Eleanor & Park is a great book by Rainbow Rowell. Are you interested in hearing abiout similar books?
Yes, she also wrote My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories.
Lola and the Boy Next Door is a romance novel
Your welcome
I do! He wrote Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Yes, he is! He was also in this movie. If you like his acting, you might also like the movie Rear Window.
He also starred in the animation called Wag the Dog. Have you seen that one?
I do! She's a Danish tennis player. Do you like her?
Definitely, I like Serena better than Venus. Did you know she starred in a hair show?
Hair show is a comedy.
Sure! Zach Snyder directed The Skulls, which is also a biography. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But I can tell you it is a suspense film that starred Stephen McEwan and Stephen McEwan.
Sure, it is a comedy, but it is also a suspense movie as well as Thriller and Sucker Punch.
You might like The Mist or The Lawnmower Man. They are more of a thriller, but they're really good.
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing. It was good.
Then you'll like Welcome to the Monkey House, if you haven't already.
Yes, it's part of the Gemma Doyle series. It's part of the Gemma Doyle series. If you like children's literature you'll like it.
Sure, you'll like The Witch of Blackbird Pond. That's a fantasy.
Sure, enjoy them!
Rebecca was written by Daphne du Maurie, in 1938.
It's a mystery book. Do you like those types of books?
No. But I've heard it's a very good movie..
No problem. I hope you enjoy it.
I really don't like them. I like their coach, John Fox. Do you like them?
Case Keenum was a Denver Broncos owner of the XXVIII. Do you like him?
The Bengals are coached by John Fox, what is your favorite team?
The Vance Joseph is a great sport to watch.
He's a great player. What sports do you like?
I believe he plays for a Spain national football team. Do you like soccer?
I am not sure, but I know he is a Midfielder.
Yes, they are home venue.
Wrinkle in Time is a Science Fiction book written by Madeleine L'Engle. She also wrote The Jungle Book. Have you read this one?
It is a Fantasy book that is part of a series. The next book in the series is A Wind in the Door.
You might enjoy the next book in the series, A Wind in the Door.
You are correct! It was also written by Robert O'Brien.
I do! I like his song Marry You. Do you have a favorite song of his?
One of my favorites is What I Like About You. Have you seen that one?
No, I haven't heard that one yet. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You may be interested in The Phantom Tollbooth. It is a speculative fiction novel and was co-written by George Spafford. Have you read this one yet?
In addition to The Phantom Tollbooth, it was released in 1961. Would you like to know more about this?
You're welcome!
Great, have a nice day!
Well, I know he was a Heisman Trophy winner in the past and he is a popular quarterback these days.
The Wildcats are a professional American football team, based in Chicago, Illinois. I like the Buffalo Bills.
Harrelson is an amazing actor. Have you seen the movie X-Men?
I sure do! Jean-Pierre Jeunet wrote Micmacs. He also wrote A Very Long Engagement and Micmacs.
Micmacs is a French Crime Fiction. It is also a film.
Zodiac is an action film. I'm not sure who stars in it but I do know it was released in 2007
Welcome. Enjoy.
Sure, it's written by Jay Asher and the genre is young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
He has also written The Future of Us with Carolyn Mackler.
No, but if he like to read I would suggest Witches Abroad.
I'm not sure of the release date of that book but some other similar books are The Notebook and The Other Boleyn Girl.
It's an autobiographical novel by Emma Stone. Does that interest you?
Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility are well liked books by Jane Austen.
I don't think it was published in 1817.
No problem, enjoy.
Sure, he wrote Michael Clayton. It starred George Clooney. Do you like that film?
Winter's Bone is a good mystery movie. Have you seen that one?
The Red Violin is a mystery movie starring Channing Tatum and Megan Fox. It was released in 1997 and is also a thriller.
I sure can. I hope you enjoy it!
