Sure. It's a great action thriller starring Morgan Freeman. Do you like his movies?
I've seen the movie, but there was a sequel to it as well, which is also considered a children's film.
Are you interested in Death Wish?
Yes, The Hitman's Bodyguard is considered crime and drama. Do you like that genre?
Great, enjoy!
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans which was released 2012.
She wrote The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian. Do you want a list of what she's written?
I believe it was released in 2011 and the genre is historical fiction
You're welcome
I know that Cameron Diaz and Ben Stiller starred in that movie. It's a great comedy.
She's been in a number of movies. Would you like to hear about those?
No. I don't have that information. But I am Comic also starred Ben Stiller
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her work?
no i dont know. what else can i do for you?
yes she did. are you a fan of this genre?
no problem. are you interested in any other books by her?
Well since your asking of Don Cheadle, might I suggest The Guard?
Actually, it is considered a Romance and Drama film. Do you like Romance films?
Actually, Don Cheadle starred in the Guard as well as Don Cheadle.
Hope you enjoy it!
He plays cricket and was recently named Cricketer of the Year.
He is on the India national team, the Manchester United F.C. team.
Sachim Tendulkar, and Virat Kohli are a few players on the team.
Yes! Mike Newell directed Pushing Tin and Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time.
Pushing Tin is written by Mike Newell and stars Jennifer Jason Leigh.
Absolutely, Enjoy and have a great day.
Absolutely, enjoy and have a great day!
I think he is the best small forward of all time, he is an underrated athlete.
Yes, he is a good basketball player. I don't follow the Warriors much. How about you?
Oh wow, but not a big sports fan. I prefer American Football. What is your favorite team?
Oh, that's too bad. I watch Snoop Dogg from time to time.
I do. I like Cam Newton, a Quarterback of Carolina Panthers.
Hot Fuzz is a black comedy and parody film starring John Malkovich.
Yes, you are correct. Do you want to know more about Shaun of the Dead?
Sorry, I don't have that information.
No problem!
He starred in Count Dracula that also starred Louis Jourdan.
Would you like to watch "The Looking Glass Wars" or "The Golden Compass".
You are very welcome!
Yes, that was a great movie. It stars Spike Jonze and Sean Penn. Do you like them?
Yes, I like them. The Pledge has genre Thriller.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Will do. Enjoy!
Will do!
Yes, he has directed many movies such as: The End of the Affair and We Are Might. Have you seen either of those?
It was written by Oscar Wilde and starred Jim Carrey.
Fiona Shaw starred in this movie and she also starred in Casanova.
Here are two good ones: What Happens in Vegas and Tuesdays with Morrie.
Yes it is, it is a crime and drama film as well.
You're welcome.
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
For sure, enjoy!
You're welcome!
William Directed The Hunted, The French Collection, and The Exorcist just to name a few.
The Hunted is a fantasy comedy and The French Connection is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
The Devil and Father Amorth was released in 1999 and is a drama/mystery film. Would you like other recommendations?
The Great Gatsby is a timeless classic! Are you interested in books about the American Dream, or would you prefer other works by F. Scott Fitzgerald?
Then you'll like Tender is the Night.
The Surgeon is written byurgeon Surgeon. Would you like me to add it to your reading list?
Do you like the book because it is a romance or because it is a fantasy?
Yes, she wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass.
Sure! Enjoy.
Enjoy!
Unforgiven starred David Schwimmer from the Twilight series. Do you like thrillers?
Morgan Freeman starred in The Civil War and Rise of the Planet of the Apes.
Those are my favorite, but I haven't seen them yet. Is there anything else I can help with?
Josh Hutcherson wrote The Kids Are All Right, and the entire Hunger Game series. Have you read any of these?
The Hunger Games has genre Young-adult fiction. Have you seen it?
I hope you enjoy it!
Well, Madonna is an icon. She starred in Die Another Day with Michael G. Wilson. Did you see it?
I don't have that information right now. I do know she was married to Sean Penn from Fast Times at Ridgemont High.
Yes, he did. He starred in Scream 4 and Snatch. I think you'll really enjoy those movies.
Not sure but I see a listing for an athlete in India for Cricket.
Yes, and he also play for Chennai Super Kings. I believe he is from India.
You are welcome!
Amy Poehler wrote, Yes Please have you read this book?
sorry i do not have that information. anything else i can do for you?
Mervyn LeRoy what else can i answer for you today?
Tina Fey has written several movies like The Wedding Date. what else can i do for you today?
Yes, Arsenal is a sports team. It is a European Football team based in England.
I am not, I know they are owned by Magic Johnson and Frank McCourt.
The Redskins is my favorite team!
Jonathan Levine directed The Wackness, starring Mary Kate Olsen. It's a romantic comedy
Jane Adams also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Women in Gold, and Dazed and Confused.
Yes, it was released in 2014.
No problem
He starred in Taken 2 and Taken 3. Have you seen those?
Colombiana also starred in Taken 2 and Taken 3. It's a great thriller Columbiana.
Sorry, I don't have that information. Something else I can help you with?
Enjoy!
Probably so, however their coach Mike McCarthy seems very effective. They're not doing too well this year.
I think it's overrated so it's not overrated XXXVIII.
Thanks for the info.
Well, Iron Man was a great action movie by Jon Favreau. Similar movies like The Incredible Hulk, or The Avengers by Stan Lee might be a good choice.
Yes, he is a great actor, he starred in the show O.C
He also starred in The Nightingale. Have you seen that one?
George Clooney is probably one of the most well-known actors in The O.C. If you like his work, you should check it out.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
By Dean Koontz?
It was written by George R.R. Martin. It's a part of the Vampire Academy series.
The Lady in the Lake is a good one. I'd recommend it.
Have you read The Man in the Iron Mask or Rob Roy?
Have you read Wolves of the Calla?
You're welcome
I think she is a great singer and actress. Did you know she starred in Men in Black 3?
Do you like pop music?
You know, I am not a big fan of the Country. I do know that they are owned by David Guetta. Do you like his music?
Of course, I am assuming you enjoy romance novels?
Yes it was. 2012 was the year that released The Last Anniversary.
I like thrillers also. Then you might like Shark Night.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Judd Apatow wrote the comedy film This is 40 as well as the romance movie Knocked Up
Groundhog Day was written by Wes Craven and produced by Steven Spielberg.
He did and he was also in Night of Your Life. Have you seen that one?
He also directed and produced Knocked Up, which was a comedy.
Sure, it stars Steve Buscemi and Jena Malone and is a comedy-drama
I don't know of any other films he wrote. Sorry
Sure, enjoy!
Isn't he a composer and songwriter? The name is familiar but I can't place him specifically.
At the Disco is a slasher song he was released in 1999
Yes, i like them too. My favorite is I'm a huge fan of their music.
That's a nice one. I like his voice a lot in Cadillac Record movie
I heard There's Something About Mary is a good book, but i never read it. It is written by Bobby Farrelly
I haven't seen that one but did you know that Ben Stiller also wrote Zoolander?
It is a Romantic Comedy with Willie Garson and Rosario Dawson.
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society
Both books are in the genre of historical fiction.
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
Great! Have a good day!
George Orwell wrote it, and released it in 1945. Do you like her work?
He also wrote Nineteen Eighty-Four. Have you heard of that one?
Yes, her book The Temple of My Familiar is one of my favorites.
I am not sure about it
I would call it a drama
Your welcome
I have no idea about Oldboy. I know it was written by Park Chan-wook though.
Have you seen the latest movie with the same actor, Sergio Leon?
It stars Keanu Reeves and Jada Pinkett Smith.
She starred in the suspense film, Predators.
You're welcome!
I recommend The Ice Storm starring Tobey Maguire.
The Skeleton Key is a popular one he produced.
Sure, he wrote The Incredibles and To Kill a Mockingbird.
Yes, Zsa Zsa Zsa Gabor is a Japanese film director, producer, and screenwriter. She was born in 1937.
It is a Crime Fiction. Would you like to know more about it?
Jurassic Park is written by Steven Spielberg. Its considered a thriller and a war film.
Jurassic Park is a horror movie.
Yes, he did. Colin Terrow directed Jurassic World.
Rickie plays golf for the U.S. right?
I don't know much about Rickie Fowler Rickie Fowler is an American professional golfer who plays as a midfielder on the PGA Tour.
Is that the movie written by Adam Sandler?
Yes. I have a couple of books he's written are Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth. The Two Towers is next in the series.
I found The Golden Compass, The Looking Glass Wars, and The Golden Compass.
I don't have any similar books, but I can recommend some other adventure books like The Silmarillion.
Wes Craven wrote My Soul to Take and the Scream series. Have you seen them?
I hear that it was a great movie! Similar to Gravity, which is also a Horror Thriller.
Awesome! I'll add it to your watch list!
The Lost World: Jurassic Park is a modern remake of the movie! Its a classic!
Then you might like Zombieland, X-Men or World War Z.
I'm going to add that to your watch list.
Sure! He starred in Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow. Have you seen those?
Surviving Picasso is American. He is a French actor who was born in Paris.
Joss Ackler also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underworld:Evolution.
The Little Prince would be considered a historical period drama.
Sure. Have a great day.
Hes great and has a wonderful wife in Gisele
I didn't know that. Is it a drama or a romantic comedy?
That's too bad. He was in that family movie as well. It was a hilarious movie.
I definitely recommend Die Hard with a Vengeance, starring Bruce Willis.
If you like Bruce Willis, you might also enjoy Hudson Hawk. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. He also wrote Die Hard with a Vengeance too. Most of his films are written by him.
You would definitely enjoy A Good Day to Die Hard as well!
Alien is a series and Ridley Scott Directed the first. Have you seen them?
Argo and Grabbers are both great sci-fi movies. Have you seen them?
Bats was released in 1986 and stars Justin Timberlake. It's a full length movie.
You're welcome!
He directed the science fiction film Eraserhead.
Have you seen Zombieland? It is a good sci-fi flick.
She doesn't star in that movie, but you might enjoy that one as well.
Enjoy!
Alice Braga starred in The Rite and Repo Men
Repo Men is written by David Mendez, starring Tom Hanks.
He wrote a couple of movies called We Were Soldiers, Wild Hogs, The Puffy Chair and The Brown Bunny.
Sure! Brett Helquist wrote the Reptile Room and The Vile Village. Have you read either of these?
It is a mystery and co-written by Lauren Oliver. Are you familiar with his work?
Its a mystery/suspense film he is also a teacher.
Yes, I do. Do you enjoy him as an actor or singer?
Yes, he has a son named Justin.
I have not seen it but will definitely check it out!
I'll send you a link now.
Yes, he starred in Windtalkers, Warrior, and Tumbleweeds just to name a few. Have you seen any of those?
I'm looking for a drama, like The Manchurian Candidate or The Manchurian Candidate might be a good choice.
It's starring Winona Ryder and Willie Garson.
Glad I could help. Enjoy the movie!
He plays for the Argentina national football team. I think he is a very good player
Well, I don't play much football, I'm more a baseball fan. What about you?
I haven't read that one so I'm sorry. But I heard it was good. The only thing I know about the football team is the Dallas Cowboys.
Harry Potter and the cursed child is written by JK Rowling. It was released in 1988.
Jack Thorne wrote Harry Potter and the cursed Child, which was released in 2001.
I heard they are a good team. Who is your favorite player?
They're in action/adventure stuff. I'm not sure if they're in the same division.
They're in the AFC West division.
Sure! Eoin Colfer wrote The Phantom Tollbooth. It is a science fiction novel, do you like that genre?
Yes, it was released in 2008, what's the year that I mentioned?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I do he is one of my favorite songs. Did you know he is friends with Selena Gomez?
Are you a fan of the genres?
I like R &B, too. In that case, I think you might enjoy The Muppets or The Giver.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure, he is a professional basketball player who plays as a point guard for Boston.
I would definitely recommend the Boston Celtics. Their team is coached by Doc Rivers and Brad Stevens.
Sharlto Copley is the final.
Yes, Christopher Nolan wrote The Dark Knight Rises, Memento, and Inception
He is a Russian author. His novel "Crime and Punishment" has been called the most famous novel in the world( as per IMDB)
Yes, рестуление и накаание is written in English.
Yes, it is. Much like рестуление и накаание or диот?
No problem. Glad to help.
It is part of the series The Oz Books, would you be interested in others in the series?
It's a fantasy, I'd recommend The Wonderful Wizard of Oz. It's part of the Oz books.
I would recommend The Golden Compass and The Looking Glass Wars. They're both wonderful books.
You're very welcome. Enjoy the books!
Yes, he is a soccer player for Dortmund. He's a midfielder/forward.
He is a professional soccer player who plays as a midfielder and forward.
Yes, he is also a Chairman of the Mumbai Indians.
The movie starring Robert Duvall?
Sure! Do you like books written by Corn of Thorns or young adult fiction?
Were you looking for something also written by Sarah J. Maas?
How about A Corn of Thorns and Roses? I also would recommend Xenocide and Wolf Brother.
You're welcome.
Are you looking for action or fantasy by James Cameron?
That's correct. It also stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet, which is considered a fantasy.
Titanic came out in 2007 and also starred Leonardo DiCaprio in The Aviator.
My pleasure.
Yes, I love her! Did you know she was influenced by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.?
Then you'll like Welcome to Temptation, Where Rainbows End and Water for Elephants. Have you read them?
Yes, it is. If you like romance novels, you'll like Welcome to Temptation
She wrote The Hunger Games and Mockingjay.
I am not a huge tennis fan but I know Venus Williams is great as well. Do you like her?
I like Stefi Graff. I think Martina Navo was great in that movie.
Yes, I actually believe she has a younger sister named Serena.
Yes. Michelle Wie is a female golf athlete from Honolulu.
That's awesome. Did you know she won the PGA Tour in 2016?
That's amazing! What is your favorite sport?
Do you like docudramas? She is known for those.
Reflected in You is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, she did write Reflected in You and One With You.
Sure. Margaret Atwood has written many different books. Her most recent work is MaddAddam but she's also worked on a Graphic Novel by the name of Angel Catbird. What were you looking for?
The Handmaid Tale falls under genre Speculative fiction. Does that interest you?
You're welcome, enjoy!
OK, anything else I can help with?
I know he is a rapper, but I don't know much about him. Are you a fan of him?
The move Carlos is starring Brave New World and Martha Higareda. Does that sound interesting to you?
It was released on November 9th, 2017. It is an interesting story.
Of course! A few that come to mind are "Tempted" and "Redeemed." Both are by the same author. Would you like to know more?
Tahereh Mafi wrote a number of short stories. Would you like to know more?
Yes, It was released in 2014 which is the same year that The Boy Next Door was released. Have you read that one?
It was released in 2014. It's a novella.
If you like Fantasy, you might like The Looking Glass Wars. It's written by Frank Beddor.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Wally Lamb wrote several books such as She's Come Undone and The Hour I First Believed. Do you like Fiction?
It was released in 2012. It is also a film adaptation.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
Sure. He directed Finding Neverland. Do you like family movies?
They are both thriller and romance.
Jeff Bridges is one of the starring actors in Neverland.
It came out in 2013 and is a drama/mystery.
Sure
You are welcome
Yes I do! He has written A separate Peace which is a good novel.
It's a novel, Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, the book is similar to Un Lun Duns.
Your welcome
The Waves is a book if you like the genre Reference. Have you read this?
Ok. She wrote Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion. Have you heard of those?
Yes, Death Comes to Harlem is another great one.
She also wrote Mansfield Park as well.
Sure The Giver was first in a series of books wriiten by Lois Lowry, the next is Gathering Blue,
Cool, I can recommend Wildwood Dancing and When You Reach Me.
I hope you enjoy it.
Did you enjoy it because it was a Thriller or because it was a drama?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome.
Movies similar to Harry Potter include The Chronicles of Narnia and Beauty and the Beast
Have you seen Mary Shelley's Frankenstein? It is a fantasy movie.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Certainly. Mindy Kaling wrote The Office. It's a thriller. Do you like that genre?
It's a comedy starring Mindy Kaling, Mindy Kaling, and Mindy Kaling.
I'm not sure, but Mindy Kaling starred in it.
Enjoy!
Aylmer wrote оскресение.
Anna Karenina also wrote она аренина. It was released in 1877 in English.
Ok great. I'm glad to help.
Cathereine Hardwicke wrote The Count of Monte Cristo and The Last Templar. Have you read either of those?
The starring in Red Riding Hood are Amanda Seyfried, Gary Oldman, and Billy Burke.
She also directed Gulliver's Travels.
He is a soccer player from England. He plays the forward position.
I know he played on the Manchester United F.C. team. He is a very good player.
Yes he is a forward and a midfielder.
Yes. He's a good actress. She also starred in City of Bones and X-Men: First Class.
Yes, he was. He is a great actor. Most of his movies are in the English language.
Cool, I like him and also starred in Minority Report and The Magician's Daughter. Both great films.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Where'd You Go, Bernadette is written by Maria Semple.
Yes she does write that book. Did you know she also author is an American novelist?
Sure thing!
Sure! Lauren Kate wrote Passion and Rapture. Have you read either of those?
Sure. It was released in 2011. It's a young-adult fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Ok, enjoy!
Lewis Carroll wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and Through the Looking-Glass. Have you already read those?
I haven't seen it, but I do know it was directed by Frank Beddor.
Well, if you'd like to check out The Rum Diary. It's one of my favorites.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Well, I'm glad I could help!
Yes I have. It is one of those teams coached by David Platt. Do you like him?
No, I don't have that information. Can you tell me who is his current player?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Lauren Oliver wrote To Rome with Love. To Rome with Love is a Romance. what else can i do for you?
You might like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
I'm not sure, but it's a Thriller.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure. David Silverman directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen it yet?
Ellen Burstyn wrote The Simpsons movie. Do you like her movies?
Yes, they are the same writer as The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen it?
You too!
He is an athlete who plays cricket for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
I am not a fan of the sport. But I do catch a match here and there.
He's a prolific writer. But I don't really follow cricket.
Yes That is a good movie starring Orlando Bloom, Billy Boyd, and Bernard Hill. Do you like the Lord of The Rings?
Sure, he starred in The Good Doctor and Zulu.
Great, hope you enjoy them, have a great day!
Yes I do. The Death Cure is one of a Sci-Fi Series.
It was written by James Dashner. Have you heard of him?
Yes, it is. It's similar to The Maze Runner.
Nicola Kraus wrote The Nanny Diaries.
I would recommend Last Night at Chateau Marmont. It is a great comedy.
It was written by J.K. Rowling, and is a Fantasy book. Do you like fantasy books?
I am not sure he starred in a TV show but I know he was also in a movie called Order of the Phoenix, which is a comedy.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes! Mike Starr is an actor. He starred in The Last Dragon, The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia, to name a few.
Sure! Do you like Horror movies?
Sure, he also starred in Grindhouse and Death Proof. Have you seen either of those?
Oprah Winfrey, and Tracie Thoms.
I hope you enjoy it!
I think she's a great singer and actress. Did you know she starred in The Smurfs?
Oh yes, John Carpenter directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13. Do any of these sound interesting?
Would you like to know about other movies he's starred in?
Sophie Okonedo and Jodie Foster also starred in it. It's a crime drama.
Yes, JK Tolken. It stars Orlando Bloom and Chrisopher Lee.
I like thrillers, too. Do you have any favorite actors in that genre?
What Planet Are You From is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I'm not a big fan of tennis but I can see her ranking of Venus is actually one of the top athletes of all time.
Yes, Serena has quite a few wins. Would you like me to look Serena up?
Wow, I didn't know that.
I don't follow soccer much but I do know he is from Bogota.
I don't believe that, but I do know he is a captain.
I do like American Football. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who are your favorite teams?
I would. It was written by John Hughes and is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
If you like comedy, you might like There's Something About Mary. It's more of a triller/drama.
I believe it was released in 2004
You are welcome
Wasn't he a featured artist on the dance-pop album Unbroken?
Well, I'm not familiar with his music. I know he was born in Los Angeles and released in 2015.
Absolutely. I think Selena Gomez is a very talented man. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you like Shawshank Redemption because of its Drama genre?
He also starred in The Green Mile. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome.
I sure can. It sounds like you like fantasy books so I would recommend The Looking Glass Wars.
I am not certain. I do know it was released in 1961.
Ursula K. Le Guin is a science fiction book.
I do! He starred in Deadpool and The Transporter Refueled. Are you familiar with those movies?
Yes, Radivoje Bukvic is a very good actor. Have you seen Radivoje Bukvic?
It's a thriller and action film.
Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore.
Great, another thriller you might enjoy is Scream 4. It's a drama.
You are welcome.
Yes, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade is written by Philip Kaufman.
Journey To The Center Of The Earth is a good one.
Journey To The Center Of The Earth is a good one.
Robit Sarma i an Athlete who play in Indians Team.
He plays Cricket for the Mumbai Indians and is from the Indian Premier League.
Yes, he does.
Yes. It looks like he also plays for the Mumbai Indians.
I recommend Island.
The first one was published in 1886.
Yes, you're right. They're the only one I know.
That's a great book by Ian McEwan. It was released in 2001.
He wrote All the Real Girls which was made into a film starring Christopher Hampton. Have you seen it?
The Quiet American is a Mystery/Thriller and was released in 2008.
Without Remorse is a thriller, thriller and drama. It is also a suspense film.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
2012 is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like that genre?
thriller and science fiction
George Clooney and Jada Pinkett Smith starred in the novel
Yes the sequel Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
I can recommend another movie directed by Tate Taylor-I Spy
Yes, it is. I haven't seen it. I haven't seen it yet. I know it was written by Ben Stiller.
Yes. Ryan Reynolds was in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and Woman in Gold.
She's an amazing actress. She starred in The Muppets and The Muppets!
That's right! I haven't seen it yet, but I know I will check it out. Thanks for the info.
Yes, I do. It was written by John Grisham and is a romance novel.
It is a psychological thriller, do you like that genre?
The Firm is also a thriller that was written by John Grisham.
Great, enjoy the movie!
He is a football player, right? I'm not a big fan.
I don't
I enjoy watching college football and I like American Football
Who is your favorite team?
Yes it would be considered soccer in the summer too.
I am not that familiar with them. I don't follow soccer at all. Is that your favorite sport?
Yeah, I heard they are a good team. What sport do you follow?
I agree. They are good.
Are you a fan of the author or genre?
It is a mystery, similar to True Blood and the Twilight series.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She has other books, Do you like the Romance genre?
Yes, it was written by Luc Besson
That book was written by Virginia Woolf who also wrote To The Lighthouse.
Have you read Robinson Crusoe?
It is fiction and adventure. Do you like that genre?
Have a good day.
Yes, she was in that song. Did you know she was also a singer?
Yes, that was her best video. Are you a fan of hers?
Oh yea that's right, I love all the music in that genre!
Alejandro Amenábar directed The Godfather. Its a Spanish drama. Are you interested in this genre?
The Others starred Nicole Kidman and Keith Allen.
Enjoy!
Well, he wrote Madame Bovary. Are you interested in Literary realism?
It's a historical novel released in 1856.
Yes, another romance novel is The Return of the Native. Have you read that?
He wrote The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy. Have you read this one?
That's a good one. He was born in 1856. Would you like me to add it to your list?
It's a romance novel. If you like romance novels, I think you'll like Welcome to Temptation.
If you like fiction, I would recommend The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
You're welcome!
I do too. He's been in The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October.
Yes, he wrote Nostromo: a Tale of the Seaboard.
Yes it's a very new book. It was released in 1931.
It was released in 2007.
He wrote The Road and The Crossing.
I have The Road to Perdition and The World According to Garp.
Sean Connery is the author of Your Heart Belongs to Me.
It was released in 1937.
Of course, enjoy!
Jane Eyre is a fiction work written by Michael Mason. Do you like Romance novels?
Sure. He also wrote Jane Eyre which is a romance novel.
I don't think so. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome.
It was written by Malala Yousafzai.
He also wrote The Girl from Aleppo, Farewell Kabul and The Africa House.
Veronika Decide Morrer is listed as a Children's Literature.
He is also an author, he wrote The Girl on the Train.
I don't know too much about him. He is playing for the Boston Celtics.
I prefer tennis. I like to watch Gymnastics. How about you?
Yes, I agree. Who is your favorite Lakers player?
O Alquimista was written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988. In English, it's called The Alchemist. Have you read that?
Paulo Coelho also wrote The Alchemist. This book is in English. Have you read that one?
Is there anything else I can do for you?
Sure! Divine Secrets of the Ya=Ya Sisterhood is written by Rebecca Wells, It's a novel genre.
She has written Ya-Yas in Bloom, she also wrote Little Altars Everywhere.
Enjoy!
Sure! Kami Garcia wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Redemption which are Young-adult fiction novels. Have you read either of these yet?
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You are welcome.
She wrote Throne of Glass , and The Assassin's Blade. Have you read either of those?
She also wrote Throne of Glass and the Assassin's Blade.
Great, hope you enjoy it!
Wonderful. Enjoy your reading!
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a Sci-Fi Action movie. Do you like these genres?
Kodi also starred in Slow west with Ben Mendlesohn.
Dead Europe is a crime/action film. It was released in 1995.
You are welcome!
Yes. The movie Artificial Intelligence is directed by Steven Spielberg. Would you like to hear more titles by this director
I recommend X-Men Origins: Wolverine, you should watch it.
Absolutely, have a great day I know you are welcome have a great day
It was written by Evan Goldberg. Are you interested in other Evan Goldberg movies?
It is a Psychological Thriller and Comedy, similar to The Interview.
Evan Goldberg also stars in Palo Alto. Have you seen that one?
Do you enjoy this book because it is a war film?
He has also written Thirteen Moons and The Cold Mountain.
Another book written by Charles Frazier is Thirteen Moons. It was released in 2014.
Enjoy!
I liked them better when Jason Witten was playing, but they're still a pretty good team. Are you a fan of the Cowboys?
He was in the movie Jerry Jones played for the Dallas Cowboys. Did you know he is also an actor?
Oh yeah. That's a reality show. Do you like reality?
It was written by Steve Oedekerk, who also directed Kung Pow: Enter the Fist
Sure. He also starred in Ace Ventura Pet Detective and Dumb and Dumber.
That's the only information I have on that. He was also a star in Ace Ventura: Pet Detective.
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Hunger Games. Do you like Horror films?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now. But A Space Adventure was released in 2012.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on her.
The movie is adventure and comedy.
You're welcome!
Do you like thrillers?
He also wrote Reservoir Dogs.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
She wrote Mean Girls and Bossypants.
Yes, he was in it as well as The Rum Diary.
Sure. Tate worked on The Help, starring Bryce Dallas Howard and Ahna O'Dell. Have you seen it?
Yes, Cicely Tyson plays in The Help and Get on Up too.
She was in The Women of Brewster Place and so di Larenz Tate.
No problem! I hope you enjoy!
Yes, do you like Christopher Nolan movies?
Christopher Nolan
Star Wars is a great one! It is written by George Lucas. He also directed Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Have you seen it?
Harrison Ford and Carrie Fisher starred in the film. Are you a fan of either?
Yes, it is also a Drama.
Sure! Do you like Fiction? You may want to check out The First Man in Rome or Lost Souls.
She has also written Circling the Sun that I found for you. Have you heard of it?
I'm not sure but it was released in the year 2015
I'm not sure but it was released in 2015.
Cool, enjoy!
Sure! Lea Thompson starred in movies like The Wild Life, The Dog Lover and The Wild Life.
She starred in Postcards from the Rock and Pieces of April. Have you seen either of those?
That is great. That was a great movie. If you like Red Dawn, you may want to try Back to the Future Part II.
He also wrote A Christmas Carol, which is a very funny film.
OK. I will add those to your list.
Yes, it was written by Francis Ford Coppola and starred Robert Duvall. It is a very good movie.
Yes, that he did. The Godfather Part II starring Sofia Coppola.
Yes he did. That was directed by Francis Ford Coppola.
He wrote Unleashed and The Great Gatsby. Have you read them?
He also wrote The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss. Have you read that one?
Yes it is! It was released in 2004, the same year as The Crucible. Have you read that one?
Of course! I also recommend the book The Secret Life of Bees.
He is an American professional footballer who plays as a forward for German club West Ham United and the German national team.
Sure. She's author of some popular books including Graceling, Fire, and BittterBlue
She also wrote Graceling, Fire, and Bitterblue. Do you like Romace and Fantasy genres?
To name a few, I don't know that but I see it was written by William Nicholson
Sure, it was a great children's book. Other books in this genre are; The Witch of Blackbird Pond and The Giver.
The Giver is written by Lois Lowry
In my opinion, he's the best Quarterback in the league right now.
I do, the Dallas Cowboys are my favorite. Which team is yours?
I haven't. But my favorite quarterback has to be Tom Brady. Who is your favorite quarterback?
I believe it was Grimes. Rainn Wilson is on the same team as Aaron Rodgers.
It was written by Rick Riordan. It is a Young-adult fiction book. Do you like this genre?
The Lost Hero is listed as a novel
Yes,The Titan's Curse is also young adult fiction
You are welcome
Monsters University Movie
Alexis Dziena and Dan Scanlon also starred in Monsters University. It is considered a family movie too.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, he has written several books such as; The Phantom of the Opera and The Pillars of the Earth. Do you have a preference in genre?
The Prince is a historical fiction.
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People is a book similar to The Prince.
Yeah, I think I heard a little about him. He starred in Desperado! Have you seen it?
No, I am not a huge fan of his music but I have heard some of his songs from them all.
I have never heard of him but I will have to check out his music out!
Sure! Do you like books written by Truman Capote?
He also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Murder by Death. Would you like more information about this?
No problem, I'm glad to help!
It was written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010. Have you read it?
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Skloot and it has a genre of Historical fiction.
Sure, it was written by Rebecca Stead. It's a Biography and a historical period drama.
Sure, it was written by Richard LaGravenese and released in 1999.
I love her music. My favorite is I'm Not Dead by Pink. What is yours?
I was not a fan of her music. I like some of her songs like Valentine's Day, The Lorax, and Love is Gone.
I don't read any of her music. Is she a good artist?
Sure, she has starred in White Squall and The Princess Diaries, among others.
White Squall is a comedy and some stars include Jeff Bridges and Jason Marsden.
Are you looking for similar science fiction films?
I don't have any information on that, is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Of course. Charles Dickens wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop, to name a few.
It was released in 1985 and was written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
I don't know, but I can tell you he was born in 1835.
Enjoy!
John Grogan wrote Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog. Did you know it was turned into a movie?
Sure, Marley & Me was written by John Grogan and also starred in Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog.
Sure! Do you like Scream because it's a crime fiction?
Well, I'm not sure about that, but I did recommend Wreck It Ralph. Have you seen it?
It is a romantic comedy, starring Johnny Depp. The movie was released in 1997 and also stars Seth Rogen. Do you like her movies?
Sure. Sylvester Stallone directed The Expendables starring Jet Li and Jason Statham.
Yes, he was. Randy Couture was in The Expendables. Do you like him?
Robert De Niro, Jack Nicholson, and Jess Harnell is also in that film.
Yes, it written by Cassandra Clare and released 2014. Have you read it?
The genre is fantasy. Do you like fantasy books?
It's a great one. Cassandra Clare wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass. This book is also part of the series.
Natural Born Killers is similar to Pulp Fiction.
It stars Tika Sumpter and Mike Colter, as well as Arthur C. Clarke.
He, from China, is famous for his table tennis ability, which is awesome to watch.
That's interesting! That's where he's from.
I am not a huge fan of swimmers, but I did catch a match on the Olympics.
I like them both!
Bobby Farrelly starred in Stuck on You. Stuck on You is written by Peter Farrelly. Would you like more information?
It's a drama. Do you like that genre?
Matt Damon also starred in Green Zone which is a thriller.
Rob Cohen directed: The Skulls starring Leslie Bibb. He als directed The Fast and the Furious .
I am not sure, but I can tell you it is a drama produced by John Pogue.
No problem.
Not much, I know it is a German sports club based in Munich. They have a game this coming Saturday.
Its a soccer team
Yes, he did
I believe he was a musician who also played cricket
I'm not sure about that. I don't really follow cricket.
Certainly! Million Dollar Baby was directed by him. He also starred in it. Great movie!
Tommy Lee Jones starred in that movie as well and it is a comedy.
Enjoy!
The Lives of Others and The Tourist are two good ones.
The Tourist is a drama starring Ulrich Mühe and Sebastian Koch. The actors might not be that known but the story is really good.
Florian also directed The Tourist starring Angelina Jolie and Johnny Depp.
It was released in 2003.
It was written by Frank Darabont.
Glad I could help!
I think they are a great team but I don't really follow basketball. Who is your favorite coach?
I agree. Did you know he won the NBA All Rookie Team?
Oh, I agree. He's one of the greatest quarterbacks ever!
Jane Eyre is a fiction work written by Michael Mason. Do you like Romance novels?
Yes he has written many romance novels such as Villette and The Professor.
Don't mention it
Yes, he is a great basketball player. Are you interested in him?
I enjoy baseball and baseball. What about you?
Yes, I did.
He wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read it?
The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas has genre Tragicomedy.
You are welcome.
I don't know a whole lot but I know it was written by James Frey. Do you enjoy speculative fiction?
It was released in 2014 and is a historical fiction genre.
Yes, he has directed The World's End, The Truman Show, and No Country for Old Men.
Richard Andrews is the author of The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark.
Yes. 1600 was also the year that released The Winter's tale
I am not sure about that but I do know Shakespear wrote The Winter's Tale.
Sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he plays for the Germany national football team as a midfielder and is also a midfielder.
Yes, he is, he is also a midfielder and won the Bravo Award.
Not really, I am more of a American Football fan. What about you?
Isn't he a tennis player?
Basel is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Is she the Call Me Maybe girl?
Yes, she won the Grammy for Best Video of the Year.
Yes, she is also a musician as well. She has written a few songs like Call Me Maybe.
Sure, do you like jaws because it is written by Peter Benchley?
Yes, he did. Keith Gordon also wrote the movie Jaws 2.
You're welcome
Sure! She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie
It was written by Louis Sachar. It is a romance film.
It's a romantic comedy. You should check it out.
I can tell you that he directed the thriller The Pelican Brief. Have you seen it?
It is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 1999 and stars Denzel Washington.
I also have information that Craig T. Nelson starred in How to Train Your Dragon and How to Train Your Dragon 2.
Leslie Bibb has also starred in Wrath of the Titans and Unknown.
You're welcome
I know that they're an NFC south team and i believe Lovey Smith is the coach
I do. I'm a fan of the New Orleans Saints. Do you like football?
I like to watch football. I like the San Diego Chargers. How about you?
Not so bad, heard they sung the song One Step Closer. Do you know this song?
I do not know much about Somewhere I Belong, but I do know Joe Hahn is also a member of the industry.
Yes, I bet you heard of that band too. Somewhere I Belong is popular
Yes, I do. But I prefer the Philadelphia Eagles. How about you?
Yeah, they did! They were the runner ups in Super Bowl XLVII, did you know that?
Tom Brady is the owner of that game, but I think the Patriots have won a few Super Bowls.
Sure! Do you like novels written by Truman Capote?
Yes, another crime drama novel is Utterly Cold Blooded. Would you like to know more about this?
Yes it was, and it was based on a true story.
Sure, which genre do you prefer, fantasy, or Adventure?
Yes, it also stars Josh Brolin. Do you like him?
Ok. Garfield also starred in Galaxy Quest. Have you seen that one?
They are pretty good. They were runners up in the 2003 NBA Finals.
Yes, I like basketball. What's your favorite team?
Not really. But I do like the Dallas Cowboys. Which team is your favorite?
I knew it was a horror movie but I had no idea. She was pretty good in The Manchurian Candidate.
She was in the movies Friends with Benefits and No Strings Attached. She was in those as well.
Ted also starred Sylvester Stallone and Alexis Dziena.
Enjoy!
Sure. He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen that?
Yes he was, along with Winona Ryder.
Yes! It was released in 2004.
I do, I love the Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End. Is it a fantasy movie?
He was. I'm not sure where he was in that movie. Is that a thriller film?
I'd recommend The Good Doctor. It's a thriller.
Do you like X-Men Origins because it is a thriller or because it is science fiction?
Sure, he also starred in The Wolverine, which is a science fiction film.
Waiting also stars Anne Hathaway.
You are very welcome, please enjoy
Sure, do you like it because it is a Historical period drama or because of the actors in it?
Of course! He has starred in Good Will Hunting and The People Speak. Have you seen those?
He's been in some great action movies. My favorite is Unforgivable Blackness.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it was directed by Leo Tolstoy and came out in 1999.
He directed Pretty Little Liars, which is a drama movie. Have you seen that one?
I don't have that information, but I can recommend another great Mystery film starring Keanu Reeves if you like.
Great! I also recommend the movie X-Men 2. Have you seen that one?
In the movie The King Kong, Alfred Hitchcock makes a cameo appearance.
It is categorized as a drama.
WALL-E and X-Men 2 are both Sci-Fi.
I think it's pretty good, I think you should give it a try!
They are a team in the NFL. One of the best teams in the NFL.
They are pretty good. Who's your favorite team?
That's pretty cool. I don't know much about them as well, though.
This is the end, Express,The Interview
It starred Mindy Kaling, James Franco, and Channing Tatum.
Yes he did, Channing Tatum also starred in The Interview.
He also directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
The Vow also starred Mindy Kaling and Martin Starr. It is a fantasy adventure film.
You're welcome!
Sure! Red Dragon is also a Psychological thriller that is similar to The Silence of the Lambs.
I believe he also starred in Wrath of the Titans and Unknown.
Great!
Apocalypse Now is a classic. I also recommend The Red Dragon.
Yes, The Lion King was one popular movie. Have you seen it?
If you like action films, you might also enjoy A Midsummer Night's Dream.
You're welcome.
Yes, The movie written by Vince Gilligan, starring Will Smith.
Will Smith also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness, have you seen it?
I am not sure of the genre. I do know Shia LaBeouf is a drama and Thriller.
Sure. I am glad to be of help.
Yes! He is a soccer player from Manchester United F.C..
I don't follow much for that team, unless I have heard of Fabrio Capello, who is a great player.
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
It's a great Speculative fiction. He also wrote Tom Horn. Have you seen that one?
they are a great kpop band. do you like them?
They are both from South Korea and are a popular country. Is that your favorite genre?
I'm not sure, but I know they were runner up in the 2003 film King Kong.
Yes, Jason Flemyng starred in Wild Bill, Welcome to the Punch, The Social Network, and several others. Do you have a certain genre in mind?
Sean Penn and Todd Allen starred in it.
Is there anything else I can help with?
Enjoy the movie!
I sure can! She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Elie Wiesel.
It has the genre autobiography as well as non-fiction.
Great! It was released in 1958.
Did you like the movie because it was starring Joseph Gordon-Levitt or because it was a Romantic Comedy?
Hugh Jackman starred in this movie. Also, it is a Sci-Fi movie.
You're welcome. Can I help with anything else?
Yes, he's a very famous author. He wrote The Godfather
That's a good one. He was born in Spain. He's also been in a number of movies.
I know that Ziggy Marley starred in it, but he is also a musician.
James Franco and Lupe Ontiveros are also actors in this film.
Are you referring to S. Epatha Merkerson who starred in Terminator 2: Judgment Day?
That movie is a science fiction film, do you like that genre?
Yes, if you like dramas I would recommend The Fault in Our Stars and The Face on the Milk Carton. Both are great movies!
Yes. Steven D. Levitt wrote SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling, Patriotic Prostitutes, and Why Suicide Bombers Should Buy Life Insurance. Have you read this?
That's correct. Stephen J. Dubner also wrote SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling, Patriotic Prostitutes, and Why Suicide Bombers Should Buy Life Insurance.
I have not, but would like to know more about this book?
I don't have any information on that, but I do know that Robert D. Levitt is from there.
Edgar Wright wrote The War of the Worlds and The Stand. Have you heard of those?
Yes science fiction. Are you a fan of Ms. Wright?
Yes! I was a great actor in that movie too.
Coldplay is a band with Chris Martin as the lead vocal. Do you like their music?
It is a drama, starring Denzel Washington and Josh Brolin
Yes I like most of his music. My favorite is Beowulf
She wrote dreams of Gods and Monsters.
It's a fantasy novel released in 2014 starring Keir Dullea and Jeffery Rush.
That came out in 2014. Are you interested in this book?
Enjoy!
I haven't heard of him. Is he a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers?
Oh, I didn't know that. That's where he was a point guard. Is he a good player?
I have only seen him play. Have you been to any of his games?
He starred in the thriller Grindhouse and in Death Proof. They were both pretty good.
It was written by Rupi Kaur and also stars Bill Murray.
It is a thriller and a romance. Do you like those?
Sorry there are no other suggestions about movies like Big Fish.
The Matrix is a popular one that Kenny and was born in Los Angeles.
Yes, Kenny Ortega starred in Alice in Wonderland, a Romantic Comedy and also in Elephant Man.
You are welcome. Have a great day!
Phil LaMarr starred in Zambezia, have you seen that?
It also stars Sam Lamarre. It is a Crime Fiction film. Do you like those genres?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, have a good day.
They are in the NBA and owned by Jay-Z. They are.
Me too! Transformers is a great movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
He stars in the sci-fi movie The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. Do you like action movies?
It is a action movie and it also stars Robert Downey Jr. and Ray Winstone.
Sure! Similar romance novels might be The Fiery Cross or This Lullaby. Romance novels always make me feel warm and fuzzy.
Yes, Voyager is a romance novel by J.K. Rowling.
Yes, that is correct.
Great, you are welcome!
I'm not sure, but I do know she's a tennis player. I don't watch it much.
Not really. I just know that Serena Williams is a tennis player from India.
Yes, they are very successful in that movie!
Sure, he starred in Looking for Richard.
These are comedy/crime.
He also starred in A Guy Thing. Have you seen it?
Sure! Sense and Sensibility was also written by Jane Austen.
Stepford Wives is written by Ira Levinson, would you like to read it?
She also wrote Sense and Sensibility. You might like that as well.
I'm glad to help.
Yes, she is a singer/songwriter. She sings a Thousands years, very popular song.
She is a very talented pianist. Do you like her music?
I'm not sure about that. I know it was a long time ago.
Enjoy, and have a good day
I do, he starred in a few good movies like Zero Dark Thirty, Wrath of the Titans and Vantage Point. Have you seen those?
I haven't seen it I've heard it's a good movie. I'm a fan of thrillers. Do you like thrillers?
No, Bill Murray was in it as well. I am sure you'll like it.
Awesome! I hope you enjoy it.
Absolutely! He was in Step Brothers, The Hangover and The Other Guys.
Unaccompanied Minors starred Tyler James Williams, Teri Garr, and Jessica Walter. Are you interested in this film?
Sure. How about Toy Story 2? I think you'd like that one.
Sure. Unaccompanied Minors starred Tyler James Williams, Teri Garr, and Jessica Walter.
Enjoy.
He is the author of Water for Elephants. Have you read that book?
Good choice! It's a romance starring Reese Witherspoon and Jim Norton.
Great! I hope that you enjoy it!
Yes, it was written by Leo Tolstoy and Richard Linklater stars in the movie.
Yes, Leo Tolstoy wrote the film and Leo Tolstoy.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, would you like to know about other books in the same genre?
Yes. She also wrote The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner. She is a great writer.
Your welcome, enjoy!
It stars Justin Timberlake and Steve Buscemi. Do you like Biographical films?
Justin Timberlake, Malese Jow and Lentz-Pope all star in the film.
White House Down is a great movie starring Rashida Jones
Enjoy!
Sure, he is an author who wrote the biography David Copperfield. Are you a fan?
It's a good book. One of my favorites is David McRaney. He won a Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and the Giant Peach.
Well, Zadie Smith is a great writer. Did you know he wrote The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson?
John Carpenter directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13. Do any of these sound interesting?
It is a mystery film, produced by John Carpenter and stars Tom Wilkinson. It's a great movie!
She's great, isn't she? Another TV series she starred in is White House Down.
I'm not sure the genre, but Jamie Lee Curtis starred in Escape from New York.
Lord of the Rings is considered a fantasy novel. Which genre do you prefer?
Women in Love was written by Candice Bergen.
He also wrote A Christmas Carol and The House of Mirth.
The Matrix is Sci-Fi. Do you like that genre?
The Matrix was produced and directed by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta. Is that something you might like?
inception starred Michael Gaston, Tom Hardy, Jenna Boyd, Sci-Fi...
A Wrinkle in Time is a science fantasy novel written by American Madeleine L'Engle. Are you interested in other books by Madeleine L'Engle?
You might enjoy the Dark Knight Returns or the Watchmen. Do you like young adult fiction movies?
Yes, it was written by Madeleine L'Engle.
The Witch of Blackbird Pond is another good children's literature book.
It was released in 1974 and is also considered a children's fantasy.
You're welcome.
That actor was born in Mumbai and starred in Slumdog Millionaire. Are you interested in Indie films?
Slumdog Millionaire is an indie drama.
Swarup was released in 2003.
No problem.
I know he wrote The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies.
Aidan Turner also starred in the Yearling also. Have you seen this movie?
The genre is Fantasy
The Golden Compass
Simon McBurney
Did you like the author Roald Dahl?
Zoe's Tale, I believe is written by John Scalzi. Would you like to know more?
Yes, it is Speculative fiction and very good read!
I do a bit; I know that Donna Tartt wrote it and that it was released in 2013.
Yes, she won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.
Yes she did. She also wrote The Secret History
Dinna Tarrt was born in Los Angeles in the United States of America.
You're welcome.
JoJo Moyes wrote that one. You may also like The One Plus One.
Great! I would recommend The Ship of Brides, but I haven't read that one yet.
Enjoy!
Yes, it was written by John Green. Are you interested in other Young-adult fiction?
Yes he also wrote Paper Towns. Are you interested in either of those?
I'm not sure. Can I help you with anything else?
I agree. I like that book. Would you like me to recommend other Young-adult fiction recommendations?
He wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Great Gatsby. Have you read either of those?
I would recommend The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
You are welcome.
Yes I do. He wrote Deadpool and wrote Angelo Pizza. Do you like Deadpool?
Black Hat is a horror film starring Tim Miller. Do you like horror films?
Black Hat is a sequel of The Goon and also the Black Hat is starring Ian McKellen
Sure, have a great day!
Sure! Pan's Labyrinth is a war film written and directed by Guillermo del Toro. It is a historical fiction novel released in 1922. Do you like those kinds of books?
Yes, it is in Spanish and has a English subtitle.
I'm not sure about the genre but I do know that it is written by Guillermo del Toro.
The Golden Compass is a good Fantasy movie. Have you seen it?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I've heard of him, but haven't read his work. He wrote "'The Water is Wide, "The Prince of Tides" and "The Lords of Discipline."
They were both in Tides.
Yes you are correct. Michael York also wrote a couple of the books he wrote if you like
Yes, I like him, he wrote  which was released in 750 A.D. very old writer. I like the movie .
I haven't seen it but I heard it was good. Then again, I really like it.
I haven't seen it but I do know The Godfather Part II is a drama.
Have you seen Apocalypto? That is one of my favorites.
Sean Penn wrote the book into the wild.
Yes, Sean Penn wrote The Pledge which stars Sean Penn. Would you like to know more about it?
I recommend The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie starring Sean Penn.
Me too! He starred in You Can't Take It with You.
Yes, Tom Hooper directed The Damned Unite and The King's Speech
Eddie Redmayne, Anne Hathaway, Russell Crowe to name a few. He is also a director and producer.
Okay, enjoy the movie!
He is one of my favorite artists of this age! I like his song Runaway baby. How about you?
I am not a big fan of her music. I do know that she is an actress too. Did you know she starred in Princess Protection Program?
I'm more of a rock fan. I prefer rock, like Selena Gomez. How about you?
Yes, I sure do! I'm also a huge fan of her music.
The coach is Lousi van Gall but thats really all i know. Do you like him>
Marco Reus and Mesut Ozil are the coaches.
Yes, they won the 2009 UEFA Champions League Final.
I am not sure, but I know The Maze Runner is a Mystery book. Do you like Fiction books?
Mark Wahlberg is the author and it is a young adult fiction book.
your welcome
Yes, a great book I can recommend by Roy is The God of Small Things. Have you heard of it?
It's a family drama and literary fiction book, do you like those genres?
Yes it was made into a movie starring Steve Buscemi
You are welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
That was written by Sue Monk Kidd and is in the fiction genre. Are you into children's literature?
It is a mystery book written by Sue Monk Kidd and is in the fiction genre.
its a good question, I have no information about the movie. its a drama
Sure, she wrote Dracula. Do you want to read any other books from her?
Sure, have you read The Invisible Man?
Well, there is a book called The Invisible Man. Have you heard of it?
You're welcome, have a good day!
Yes, it's a fantasy movie starring Orlando Bloom and Christopher Lee among many others.
In that case, I recommend The Good Doctor. It was also turned into a movie.
You're welcome. Anything else I can help with right now?
I think they are a great time and they are coached by Gary Kubiak and owned by Bob McNair.
I'm a fan of the Seattle Seahawks, but I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. How about you?
Yeah, he owns the Houston Texans. Are you a fan of the Houston Texans?
Yes. He starred in Vatel. Have you seen that?
Well, you may want to add it to your watch list, or I can tell you more about it?
It came out in 2007 and directed by Ryan Reynolds.
It's a classic! It was released in 1847. It's about unrequited love and it was written by Emily Bronte.
I do! She wrote The Good Earth which is a historical period drama.
I don't have that information, but I do know it was influenced by James Patterson. It is also a romance novel.
I also recommend it.
Enjoy!
Yeah, I think she was born in Serena Williams. Did you know she plays tennis?
I know she plays tennis and also that she is married to Mirka Federer.
I just know a little about basketball, what sport do you like?
Didn't he play on the India national cricket team?
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
In 1989 was also the year that released You Are Not So Smart by David McRaney.
You're very welcome.
Enjoy!
Sure, do you like Fantasy or Action movies?
Yes and X-Men 2 is written by Zak Penn
I know it was released in 2014
Absolutely, Enjoy
Steve Carell and Ryan Gosling are in that movie. Shallow Hal is another good romantic comedy
Well, Ryan Gosling starred in a lot of romance films. If you like romance, you might enjoy The Time Traveler's Wife. It's a classic.
You are welcome. I'm happy to help.
Sure! He wrote Wolves of the Calla, The Stand, and Cycle of the Werewolf. Have you read any of these?
He is from the United States of America.
The Dead Zone is a fantasy adventure novel. I think it is the best one in the series.
I'm sorry I don't have information about that
Forrest Gump starring Tom Hanks was an awesome movie
Tom Hanks starred in The Post, Forest Gump, and Cast Away.
Well, the most popular one is Larry Crowne, and it is considered a Comedy-drama.
Enjoy!
Okay, anything else I can help you with?
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like fantasy movies?
I am not sure, but it might be similar to Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets.
It does star Pierre Perrier. It was released in 2016 and in the English language.
Yes, I do. I like their coach Pete Carroll, but I'm not sure they are as good as they once were. Do you?
It's about the Seahawks going to be in the NFC East. Have you heard of them?
Do you want to know anything else about The Seahawks ?
Stargirl was written by Jerry Spinelli and it was released in 1997.
Sure! He also wrote Milkweed and Maniac Magee.
Sure! Wicked Lovely is a young-adult fiction as well as was released.
I think he is a very good tennis player, but I really like Andy Murray better.
That's true. He had a record 23 grand slam singles titles
I agree. I like him better than Roger Federer.
Definitely. She wrote The Assassin and the Underworld, which is a similar book.
You are correct. J.K. Rowlings wrote those books.
Sure, what Alice Forgot was written by Liane Moriarty and was released in 2009. Are you interested in her books?
Yes she did. Big Little Lies was released in 2014. She also wrote Three Wishes and The Last Anniversary.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I liked them better when Jason Witten was playing, but they're still a pretty good team. Are you a fan of the Cowboys?
My favorite team is the Broncos. Is there anything else I can help you with?
They seem to be having a bad season right now.
I agree, he is a great player
X-Men 2 starring bruce davison
Sure. He also wrote Underworld, Twister, and The Usual Suspects.
The Incredible Hulk stars William Hurt, Ty Burrell and Tim Roth
Yes I've read a couple. She wrote The Hiding Place. That was a good one. I also like God's Smuggler.
It's a Non-fiction Autobiography released in 1964. It's also considered a Autobiography.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Noah Emmerich starred in Windtalkers. what else can i do for you?
Yes, you might like The Legend of Drunken Master or The Matrix Revolutions.
Ok. Have fun!
Well, enjoy the movie!
I love Phil Lord. Phil Lord directed my favoriteThe Lego Movie
I'm not sure about that. I don't have information on who starred in 22 Jump Street.
I don't think so, he was in White House Down too.
You're very welcome!
I know it was written by Sean Penn, and it stars Sean Penn.
Yes, I would recommend it.
Yes, she is. No Strings Attached is one of my favorite genres.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Well, James Frain who is in it is also in Transit (Crime Fiction Film).
Then you might like World War Z or Wolverine, you may like that.
Mike White, Emma Stone, Derek Graf are the starring in Zombieland.
It was released in 2013
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Dogtown.
I do. Do you like books written by Justin Bieber?
You're welcome!
That's listed as Speculative fiction, fiction and Children's literature - which are you more interested in?
That is a great book by William Shakespeare. It's part of a series.
Sure, A Little Princess was written by Megan Whalen and has genre Speculative fiction.
That book is written by Ernest Hemingway, are you interested in more books he wrote ?
You might like To Your Scattered Bodies Go, or Wrath of the Titans then.
It is a romance and was released in 1929. Would you like to know more about this?
Six-String Samurai and Planet of The Apes may be similar since both of these are time travel movies like Groundhog Day.
Charlie Sheen is a big name, have you seen it?
Yes he was he was also in Ghostbusters
you are welcome
Not so bad, heard they sung the song One Step Closer. Do you know this song?
Sure. That is a sci-fi movie starring Ryan Reynolds. Do you like sci-fi movies?
You might enjoy Cloverfield starring Tom Hanks or World War Z.
Yes. It is also sort of sci-fi. The sequel is a good one and stars Jennifer Lawrence. Do you like those types of movies?
I'm not sure if she was in it, but it's very funny
He wrote Mimacs which is a drama.
Micmacs is a popular movie starring Yo-Men Apocalypse.
I do not know when he was released, but I do know he is a comedian.
Your welcome.
Might I suggest the Book Thief or The Moon and More?
It was written by Neil Gaiman and was released in 2013.
OK, enjoy the book!
Joel Coen wrote No Country for Old Men, and he also wrote Inside Llewyn Davis. Have you read it?
Well, Jack Nicholson starred in The Wildest Dream and Unforgivable Blackness.
Natural Born Killers was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller?
I am not sure about that. I do know that it is a comedy.
It is. You should check it out. It starred Robert Duvall.
You're welcome
It was written by Jojo Moyes.
Sure. She also wrote The Ship and The One Plus One.
Enjoy!
Oh, I love her! He's known for Robin Hood, The Three Musketeers and The Comte de Monte-Cristo.
No, Dumas was the author of The Count of Monte Cristo.
He also wrote The Third Musketeers and The Comte de Monte Cristo.
You're welcome.
Sure, I can let you know info on that. He wrote the books, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Red Tent.
Yes! It is an action movie starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more about it?
I have. If you like Peter Capaldi I would recommend X-Men 2 or World War Z.
Enjoy
Well, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
No, there is a sequel. Have you heard of The Great Gilly Hopkins?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
If you like Hunger Games, you might like Catching Fire. It was the next in the Hunger Games series.
Shark Night is a thriller that stars Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt and Joshua Leonard.
I know he wrote Walking Disaster, have you read it?
It is about a Southern society girl interviewing black women who go against each other for themselves. Does this help?
I don't know of any murder mystery recommendations, but I do know it was written by Jamie McGuire
You are welcome.
Sure, are you into sci-fi or action films?
He's great! The Matrix Revolutions is also a Sci-Fi movie. Have you seen it?
Matthew McConaughey stars in John Wick as well.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Not really, I like her song Chandelier and Titanium with David Guetta.
Yes she did, she also won the MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year.
Yeah, she is on the bucket list as well. I guess she was on the bucket list as well.
Lana Wachowski starred in The Matrix Revisited and directed The Matrix Revolutions.
Have you seen X-Men 2 or World Without End? They are Family vs. Aliens.
I'm not sure, but it was directed by Lana Wachowski.
Ooooh that sounds like a good read. I have four genres: young adult fiction, urban fantasy (which is fascinating), romance novel and paranormal romance. Which of those interest you?
You might enjoy the Vampire Academy series - The Curious Case of Benjamin Button
If you enjoy the Vampire Academy, you may also enjoy Shadow Kiss and Blood Promise.
Yes, Leigh Dragoon did write it, have you read it?
Would you like more from the Mission Impossible Series, or other action movies?
Do you like it because it is a Fantasy or because of the actors in it?
There's a version of the Lego movie coming out next year. That was written by Will Ferrell and stars Morgan Freeman.
I'm not sure about that one, but Will Ferrell was in Ocean's 8. It is directed by Ron Clements.
Great! You'll enjoy it.
I think Tom Skerritt starred in Ted, I know that.
Ted is a comedy-drama.
You're welcome.
You might enjoy The Missing. It was written by Emma McLaughlin.
Yes, he also wrote The Last Man and The Invisible Man. Have you read those?
Yes, they are all written in English.
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
It was released in 1856, and is considered a Romance novel.
Yes, she did. It's a fantasy novel. Do you like this genre?
I know they are part of the NFC South in the NFL. Their coach is John Fox right?
I liked them better when Tony Romo was QB but since he left I am lukewarm about them. How about you?
I like hockey and baseball. What about you?
Yes, there is a sequel to Toy Story and Toy Story 2. They are both wonderful movies.
Yes, there are a few stars in this movie, including Tom Hanks, Jennifer Jason Leigh and Liam Aiken
I'm not sure about that! Let me know if I can help with anything else!
Yes, I will do that!
Blake Griffin is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Do you like basketball?
I can't explain it, I don't like basketball either. I guess he's a pretty good player though.
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Sure, it was the first of a series written by Stephen King. The first is a series of books.
William Sanderson starred in The Polar Express and Raiders of the Lost Ark.
I agree, it has a lot of interesting actors. Some of the most well-known actors were Val Kilmer and Tony Cox.
Bood Diamond starred Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Me too! He was excellent in What's Eating Gilbert Grape and The Wolf of Wall Street. Have you seen those?
"The Wolf of Wall Street" and "The Wolf of Wall Street" are two of my favorite movies.
He has starred in Match Point, The Missing, and Welcome to Sarajevo.
It's a romance film.
The Way is a thriller.
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
Law Abiding Citizen is starring F. Gary Gary who directed The Italian Job which you might like.
Roger Bart starred in Law Abiding Citizen and Richard Portnow. Have you seen either of these movies?
You might like Snow White and the Huntsman, which is also a psychological thriller.
The fifth element is written by Christopher Nolan. Would you like recommendations based on this writer?
The Farthest Shore is a science fiction movie like that
You're welcome
Yes, she has an amazing voice. She's also been in a few songs. She's married to a lot of celebrities, including Taylor Swift and Selena Gomez.
I've heard some of her pop hits on the radio. What's your favorite song of hers?
Yeah, she's a very talented person! I loved her in the movie Battleship with Liam Neeson.
Sure. He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that?
It was released in 2005. It is a mystery/fantasy genre.
Yes, it was released in 2005. You may be interested in Spanish.
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Dogtown.
It is young adult fiction.
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Dogtown
No problem
Sure! Are you into Crime Fiction?
It is a mystery/crime movie, do you like those types of movies?
It is a good movie. Do you like dramas?
It is starring Joseph Gordon-Levitt
You are welcome!
No, but I know it was written by Preston and directed by Roland Emmerich
It is a thriller. Do you like that kind of movie?
Yes, The Shaggy Dog is another good Drama movie I recommend.
Do you want to know more about The starring actors?
Sure, Welcome
Dream Dark and Beautiful Redemption are by this Author.
It's considered a Romance novel, similar to Beautiful Darkness.
I'm not sure about that. I believe it's similar to Wicked Lovely.
I'm glad to help!
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time is a Fantasy/Comedy/Drama. Do you like these genres?
The Looking Glass Wars is a great fantasy movie you might like.
Daniel Radcliffe starred in Dungeons & Dragons.
Enjoy!
the wedding girl, Mirandas big mistake are some of them
She wrote Wedding Night, Twenties Girl and The Undomestic Goddess.
Wedding Night is a romance. It is similar to The Undomestic Goddess.
Don't mention it.
Sure. She's written a number of novels including Graceling, Fire and Bitterblue. Do you like Romace Novel?
Yes, it is a Romance novel
Do you like Voyager?
No problem
I have, she wrote A Tree Grows In Brooklyn. Would you like to know more?
The book was released in 1943
Yes it was in English
I am a huge fan of the Belgium national football team. I don't really follow football.
Okay, I've heard that. What team does he play for?
Oh I like baseball, too. My favorite team is the Redskins. How about you?
My favorite team is the Red Sox. Do you have a favorite team?
Yes, he is a director. He directed Zodiac, The Social Network and The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo. Do you like him?
Yes, I have seen it, and it was a great movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, he directed The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and Gone, Baby, Gone.
Yes i do one of them is Shackleton which is an action movie.
Matthew Macfadyen, Kenneth Branagh also starred in Shackleton.
It was released in 2010
William Goldman starred in The Princess Bride
He wrote a series of books in the genres of sci-fi and fantasy.
Yes, he wrote a book called Lion, which is classified as a drama.
No problem.
Sure, she wrote Throne of Glass and the entire Assassin series, to name a few. Have you read those?
I would say they are very good. It was released in 2011 and is a drama/fantasy.
No problem, I am glad to help. Enjoy!
Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield are in it. It was written by Stan Lee.
Yes he is. Emma Stone is also in Movie 43 and Birdman.
Yes he did, Rashida Jones is a great actor.
You are welcome!
Yes, He wrote Things Fall Apart. Do you typically enjoy reading poetry?
Okay, then you might like World Without End, Wolf Brother or Wildwood Dancing.
I haven't seen that one but will put on my watch list.
You are welcome have a great day.
Sure! Do you like thrillers?
Yes. Jamie Foxx starred in it, as well as produced it.
Your welcome
Sure, Mitch Alborn wrote Tuesdays with Morrie. Have you read this one yet?
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre Psychological thriller
Tuesdays with Morrie has genres Memoir, Biography, and Biography.
Lana Wachowski who wrote and directed The Matrix starred in The Matrix Revisited.
It stars Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, and Jada Pinkett Smith.
I'm a fan of Thrillers. Is that the genre you like?
You should check it out. I really like Echoes of Silence.
It looks like they had a very long career and they were great at the 2012 Olympics.
I like it. I think it is a good book by John Grisham. Are you familiar with his work?
If you like thrillers, you might like Shark Night. It is also a good thriller.
The Cold Moon was released in 1993. It is a drama/fantasy novel that was also turned into a film.
I'm not sure the genre is suspense but it is also a film adaptation.
I'm not sure about that but The Vanishing Man is in English.
You're welcome.
Green Eggs and Ham? As in the book written by Dr. Seuss?
The Cat in the Hat, Hop on Pop and There's a Wocket in My Pocket are all great books to try out.
Well if you like children's literature, you should check out The Cat in the Hat. So you might also enjoy that one.
You're welcome.
I love him! I especially enjoy his earlier music with Maroon 5
I do like his music. Do you know he starred in any movies?
I don't watch any of those shows but I do like X Factor.
He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
Yes, that's correct. It is a sci-fi film. Do you like those types of movies?
I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, that is written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his writings?
He also wrote Romeo and Juliet, A Midsummer Night's Dream, and Twelfth Night. Have you read any of these?
How about A Midsummer Night's Dream?
You're welcome
Anthony Hopkins starred in both Bobby and The Edge.
Yes, Anthony Hopkins starred in Bobbye and Swept Away
The movie was released in 1991.
Anthony Hopkins starred in Tropic Thunder and The Secret Life of Bees.
You are welcome
Me too! He wrote Wizard and Glass and The Sandman: Endless Nights. My favorite is The Graveyard Book.
Yes, that's right. It was released in 1997.
He is influenced by Micheal Cunningham and Christopher Lee.
Yes, it's considered children's literature in speculative fiction and fantasy.
You're welcome!
It is a romance and stars Scarlett Johansson. Do you like romance films?
Scarlett Johansson starred in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie, and animated film; and The Prestige.
Ok, i'll add them to your watch list.
Alright, she's also in the movie We Bought a Zoo which is a comedy-drama.
I'm sorry, I do not have that information.
You're welcome!
Yes! It stars Vivica A. Fox and David Carradine and is an Action Film. You like Action?
Vivica A. Fox also starred in Why Did I Get Married, Have you seen it or seen it?
Yes, he is. He was also in Pulp Fiction as well.
I do not know much about them, but ther are owned by Amy Adams Strunk
I don't know much about him, do you follow any other sports?
I have not heard of that one. I will have to check it out.
Sure! He starred in The Apostle. It is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he also wrote the Apostle. This was a great movie!
Of course, some indie films you might like are Zodiac, The Last Stand, and The House of Mirth.
Yes, she is a lovely singer and song writer. She sings a Thousands years, very popular song.
I didn't know that. I think he is a musician as well.
Wayman : Musical Genre: Soul music. what else can i answer for you?
thats great! What's your favorite basketball player?
I think he is a really good artist. I really like him in movies too!
Honestly, I don't know what song he recorded, but I do know that he had a romantic relationship with Cameron Diaz
He certainly is. Isn't he married to Eva Longoria?
Yes, The Fellowship of the Ring is based on the book.
Yes, he was in The Good Doctor.
He was in The Good Doctor with Troy Garity.
Sure! Do you prefer Young Adults books or Adventure?
I believe The Battle of Labyrinth is a young adult fiction. Other books in this series are The Son of Neptune and The Titan's Curse.
Well, The Lost Hero is a great one. It is a fantasy book. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
He directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen that?
He also directed The Simpsons Movie. He also directed The Longest Ride and The Road to El Dorado.
Ok, then you might like The Simpsons Movie. It's also animated so you might like it.
Enjoy it!
Sure, she wrote Shadow and Wicked. Are you a fan of musical theater?
Yes, you are correct. Wicked was released in 2014 and is a drama.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome.
Yes, she wrote Man of Steel.
Danny Huston also starred in it. It is a very good movie.
It was released in 2014
I'm always here to help
I'm familiar with the film called Cloud Atlas, where you aware of that?
It is also in the English language. Did you know that Stephen King also starred in it?
I believe it was written by Stephen King. Are you familiar with Stephen King?
No problem. Enjoy!
Sure. He directed Super. Have you seen that one?
Jason Bateman stars in Slither.
He also starred in the movie This is England.
Hope you enjoy them
Sure, He wrote The Merchant of Venice and Much a do About Nothing. I can tell you a lot about Paul Werstine if you would like?
Yes, that is correct.
Yes. It's written by Robert Zemeckis.
Elysium is a action thriller staring Matt Damon and was released in 2013.
I can't wait to hear that. The movie is based on a book and science fiction piece. The movie is based on a book and a movie was directed by Dan Brown.
He's been in some great movies! He was in The Green Mile, which is a thriller movie.
OK! Have a great day!
ok
his last album was released in 2016. Do you like him?
In 2017 was a popular one released that was on the radio.
I'm not a fan of him, but I do know he won a Grammy for Best Original Song.
I like several of them from the Rock genre. My favorite band is American Idol.
Are you in to Chinese? Since most of his books are written in a weird language
It was released in 1866
Its a fiction book
He is a Mixed Martial Artist with a specialty in Brazilian Ju Jitsu and played in the UFC 94!
He also played in the UFC 94 and was born in Sao Paulo.
Yeah, I think she's American as well.
He wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
He also wrote The Universe in a Nutshell. Would you like to know more about that?
It also stars John Ratzenberger. Aside from being a writer, He's also a Television producer and a director, Tom Hanks, and Tim Allen.
Enjoy!
Let me see, I know that he is a Songwriter. Were you aware that he sung New Perspective?
Is this the book that was written by Frances Mayes?
Under Magnolia was released in 2004.
Under Magnolia was released in 2004.
Brad Garrett starred in Underdog ,The Pacifier,The Country Bears and The Clockwork Girl among other movies
The Pacifier is a Thriller and Mystery movie. Do you like those types of movies?
Underdog is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure, do you enjoy crime or dramas?
I am not sure. It is a drama, but I do know its starring Seu Jorge.
I am not sure. But I can tell you he starred in The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou.
He wrote Thirteen Reasons Why and The Future of Us. Do either of those interest you?
Oh yes, have you heard of Xenocide or Wuthering Heights?
Witches Abroad and When the Wind Blows are two other good ones.
It was released in 1981.
Awesome! I hope you enjoy it.
City of Lost souls has a genre Fantasy and Adventure do you like these genres?
Yes, The Mortal Instruments was released in 2001.
The Bane Chronicles and The Shadowhunter's Codex.
You're welcome.
The Historian has the genre suspense which includes The Last Templar and The Collector. Would either one of these interest you?
Gone Girl is another great suspense novel written by H.G. Wells. It is written by Stephen King and released in 1960.
I can definitely recommend Without Fail by Sean Penn. It is a thriller and was released in 2012.
You're welcome.
The Messenger is a good one or The Mark of Athena.
Did you enjoy it because it was written by Tate Taylor or because it is a Romance?
Yes! He was also in The Watchmen. Have you seen that one?
It's a drama/mystery film. It's a great movie.
Enjoy!
Sure. Didn't that movie star Robert Downey Jr.? If you like his movies, you might try The Avengers or One Night Stand.
The Game is a Drama/Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he is in it as well. Along with Tom Hardy and Kenny Baker.
You are welcome!
Sure, Rupert Sanders directed Snow White and the Huntsman.
Yes she did, she was also in it as well.
Brothers Grimm wrote V for Vendetta, have you seen that?
You're welcome!
Sure! Rick Riordan wrote that book. His books are based on Greek mythology. Similar titles include The Son of Neptune and The Titanic.
Yes, it was a great one. If you like young adult fiction, I recommend The Titan's Curse.
No problem!
I don't really follow music. I know that he is friends with Selena Gomez who I enjoy.
That's right, she was great in The Muppets too! She also starred in Spring Breakers and The Breakfast Club.
Me too! That was a great movie. It also starred Roger Rees, who is awesome!
Not really, I think she is kind of weird. I saw A Very Gaga Thanksgiving and didn't like it at all.
Yes, I love Will Smith too. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was. He was also in The Bluest Eye. Have you seen that one?
he wrote Terms of Endearment. Have you read that one?
Yes it's a nice movie. Do you have any other questions about As Good As It Gets?
I don't have any other recommendations for that movie, but if you'd like to watch Yes Man, I'd recommend watching it.
Yes! Evan Goldberg directed The Interview. It stars Jim Carrey. Have you seen it?
Great! Another good movie he starred in is Aftermath. Have you seen that one?
Yes, This is the End is a comedy with some crime and drama mixed in. It has a bit of something for everyone.
You are welcome enjoy
Yes, John G. Avilden is the program creator for the TV drama Gone With the Wind. Have you seen it?
Yes, Sylvester Stallone also wrote The Shining and Watchmen. Would you like to hear more?
That was a great movie, with a great cast including Bruce Willis, Brad Pitt, and Kenneth Branagh.
Yes, she is. She starred in The Cosby Show.
Enjoy!
Movies similar to Harry Potter include The Chronicles of Narnia and Beauty and the Beast
They are Young-adult fiction
I don't have any information about similar to this movie.
I am not sure, but I know there is a whole series called The Blood of Olympus
Yes, this is written by J.K. Rowling
You are welcome
Hmm, I don't know that one! What kind of book is it?
Have you read The Valley of Horses? It was written by Jean M Auel but it is also Speculative fiction.
The Shelters of Stone is a Fantasy novel released in 1993. It is a very good book.
That's a great book. It was written by John Scalzi and is also considered Speculative fiction.
You're welcome.
Derek Jacobi starred in a lots of movies. I like his acting in Unforgivable Blackness and Underworld:Evolution. Are those good?
Unforgivable Blackness also starred Jack Nicholson and Bill Paxton.
He sure did! He was also in The Young Lions and Your Highness.
That is correct. Mike Myers also starred in it as well.
Yeah, I think I heard of him he plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
I like it. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I do. She is very talented. One of my favorite tennis players is Venus Williams.
Yes, he's also an athlete as well.
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
I like Michael Jordan too, I heard he's a good actor. Who is your favorite player?
I think I heard of him. Do you know if he produced Ghostbusters?
Probably so, however their coach John Fox seems very effective.
Rick Riordan wrote The Sea of Monsters, do you like young adult fiction?
It is speculative fiction and fantasy.
You might enjoy The Lightning Thief or The Sea of Monsters
Have you read The Curious Case of Benjamin Button?
It was released in 90's.
He has written The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Great Gatsby. Have you read them?
You are very welcome! Enjoy!
Michael Crichton is not only an author but a film producer and director as well. He wrote the book Disclosure. Does this interest you?
I'm sorry! I don't have any information on that.
It's a drama/fantasy book.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Well, Ratatouille was fun to watch! If you like animated films, The Incredibles and Ratatouille are good!
Yes he is. Jason Lee also starred in The Incredibles.
You are welcome!
Great Expectations: Pip's Name and Going Astray: Dickens and London.
I'm not sure, but it could be considered a biography
Seamus Heaney and Enrique Murciano
Oh yes, he is a great singer. Do you know he won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Electronic Dance?
Yes, it is a very popular song by him.
Love yourself is a nice song by him.
I can tell you it is speculative fiction. It that a genre that interests you?
Siddhartha was written by Hermann Hesse. Would you like books by Hesse?
It was written by Robert Jordan. Would you like to know more about it?
He's a prolific writer who wrote a couple of books including Twilight and The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
You're welcome!
Yes, I like it! It was written by J.R.R. Tolkien. It was released 1954.
You might also enjoy The Crucible by Christopher Lee.
Yes, I love her. She was in the Olympics.
Robert Louis Stevenson wrote The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes. Do you like this genre?
Great! Did you want to know more of Arthur Conan Doyle's books?
The genre is Mystery. Do you like mystery books?
Yes, it is a short story and was released in 1914.
Do you like The Girl on the Train because it's a psychological thriller?
The Perfect Game was written by Jamie Lee Curtis.
I am not sure if there are any other films filmed in Mexico.
Yes, Sam Smith is a great Singer. I love his music!
I like her fathers music. Did you see her movies?
I do! I loved her in Elf!! Does she have solo music out?
Yes! He starred in Two Girls and a Guy. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Nora Dunn starred in it as well. Do you like dramas?
Do you like movies with David O. Russell?
Great, hope you enjoy!
Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995. Do you like the book because of its story line?
Yes, it was also written by Christopher Bigsby
Yes, it is a drama, do you like drama?
Yes. I recommend A Christmas Carol if you like drama.
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
He starred in The Wrestler, The Thomas Crown Affair, The Fountain, and Scarface to name a few.
Yes, she starred in it as well.
She's been in a number of movies. She was in The Girl Next Door and The Courier.
No, I don't have any information on the Wrestler.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! He directed Legend of Tarzan and Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. Do you like dramas?
Yes, he has. He is known for writing The Legend of Tarzan and The Order of the Phoenix, which is considered a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
Any time! If you have any more questions, I bet you will enjoy The Casual Vacancy.
Sure. Joseph Heller wrote The Cloverfield. Have you read that yet?
World Without End is similar. Have you read this one?
You're welcome!
Yes he was in Deadpool. Are you interested in movies like Deadpool or just movies with Stefan Kapicic?
It is a great movie, also starring Stefan Kapicic. It is a sci-fi thriller and a great movie! Do you like Sci-Fi?
It is a good lead film, would you like me to add it to your watch list?
Yes. That was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you enjoy the Harry Potter series?
The Harry Potter series is on the same page here
Absolutely, some books written by Lockhart include We Were Liars and The Disreputable History of Frankie Landaue-Banks
It is in English. Did you know that it was made into a movie?
you're welcome. Enjoy reading!
Interstellar starred Matthew McConaughey, Mackenzie Foy and Anne Hathaway. It is a Sci-fi/adeventure, were you looking for one in that genre or with those actors?
If you like Interstellar, you might enjoy Underworld, which is a Sci-Fi movie.
Another good Sci-Fi movie you might like is X-Men: The Last Stand.
It stars Nicole Kidman and Robert Downey Jr.
Cool! I would also recommend X-Men: The Last Stand and Zombieland.
I was told his song We Rode in Trucks is cool.
It's a pop rock and soul. Do you like country?
It's a pop music. but the song I Don't Want This Night to End is really pop.
He directed Equilibrium a drama and Ultraviolet
You might like that movie. It's a drama that also stars Emily Watson.
She's a great actress. It's also a film if you haven't seen it already
No problem. I hope you enjoy it!
He is a writer, comedian and author. He wrote Somewhere and The Verdict
I am not sure but I do know that he is a scientist too.
Crime Fiction genre is mystery
Do you like The Selection because it is written by Kiera Cass or because it is a Young-adult fiction?
Other books written by Kiera Cass include The Siren, The Prince, and The One
Hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome
He wrote Waking Life, which stars Ethan Hawke.
Yes, Nicky Katt starred in Waking Life. He also starred in Doomsday. Have you seen that movie?
Sure, Have fun!
He directed Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
John Green wrote it. Are you interested in other books by him?
I can't find any books written by him, but John Green also wrote Paper Towns.
If you are looking for other books by John Green, you may also like Paper Towns.
Sending Paper Towns to your reader.
Yes, that was directed by Matt Damon. Do you like dramas?
He actually did. He also directed Restless along with Good Will Hunting. Have you seen that one?
That's right. He stars alongside River Phoenix. He's a great actor.
I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
He's written When You Are Engulfed in Flames as well as Santaland Diaries.
He's written a lot of short stories, including When You Are Engulfed in Flames and Santaland Diaries. Are you a fan of either?
apologize, I don't have that information. Something else I can help you with?
It was written by E. Lockhart in 2014.
Of course, E. Lockhart also wrote The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks. This book was released in 2014.
It's a fictional picture of a world divided by Germany and Japan, victors of the second World War. If you like those, I highly recommend it.
Happy reading!
Charles Frazier is an American novelist, critic, public speaker, essayist, and columnist. He writes in several genres but is known best for science fiction.
Thirteen Moons has genre Speculative fiction.
Thirteen Moons was written by Charles Frazier.
You're welcome.
I may have heard them perform somewhere before but I can't really place them. Do you know what kind of music they play?
I think it's like Beyonce. I'm also a huge fan of their music. Do you know any of their songs?
Yes he's a great actor. He starred in Island of the blue Dolphins which won a Newbery Medal.
He wrote Island of the Blue Dolphins which was released in 1960.
Yes he did. Éric-Emmanuel Schmitt is a writer and a cartoonist.
He, from China, is famous for his table tennis ability, which is awesome to watch.
I am not sure, but I know he was in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
No problem, can I help you with anything else?
Het Achterhuis: Dagboekbrieven 14 juni 1942 - 1 augustus 1944.
It appears to be in English.
Yes, Eleanor Roosevelt wrote The Boy in the Striped Pajamas.
You're welcome!
That was written by Nicholas Pileggi and Martin Scorsese. It stars Vincent Pastore, Vincent Gallo, Samuel L. Jackson and Robert De Niro to name a few. Do you like movies with those actors?
Goodfellas is a Drama. Do you like movies starring Robert De Niro?
Have you seen The Lost City of Faar? It is a great one.
Bernard Hill starred in What Just Happened.
Yes, it is. What Just Happened to Goodfellas is also written by Art Linson.
You are welcome!
Do you like this because it is a crime movie?
Richard Roxburgh is starring in What Lies Beneath
The movie was released in 1998.
You're welcome.
I know a little bit about them. The Boston Celtics is a NBA which is in the Eastern conference. This team is coached by Doc Rivers and Brad Stevens.
Not much. But I like watching Vince Young. Who is your favorite team?
I do, I love the Lakers. Who is your favorite player?
I have never heard of him, what position does he play for?
Sure, he starred in the Pianist which is a comedy.
Yes that is where he is starring in the movie
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now
She wrote Tuck Everlasting. I bet you would like it.
Yes, it is considered a Romance and Historical fiction. I am not sure if it is for kids.
Yes, it is considered a romance and similar to Wuthering Heights.
Enjoy!
Stephen Chbosky wrote it. Did you see the movie?
Correct. Roland Emmerich wrote a movie called The Perks of Being a Wallflower.
Yes, that is correct. It also stars Tom McCarthy. Would you like to know about any other movies starring him?
You are welcome!
I know that Basher Savage was in Gravity, which he also starred in Gravity
Gravity was released in 1994. It is a drama/fantasy directed by Roland Emmerich.
Gravity was released in 2013. Did you like that movie? Gravity was released in 2013.
Sure. Zombieland and X-Men: First Class are also great Sci-Fi films.
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
I don't like the Oakland Raiders. To be fair, I don't like the rowdy fans that go to Vegas. I shouldn't blame them for their fans, right?
I didn't realize that. Do you like the Raiders?
Yes, that's true. Do you like LA as well?
It is written by Christopher Nolan, starring Michael Caine and Scarlett Johansson.
It starred Roger Rees, Hugh Jackman, and Christian Bale. Are you interested in any of them?
Rebecca Hall starred in WALL-E which is a science fiction film
Glad to be of help
Catch 22 is in the War and Satire genre. Is this the genre you want to read?
I am not sure about that, but it is a war novel.
S.E. Hinton is a similar book. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome.
He wrote a couple good ones called A House of Night Novel which is a fiction. Do you like fiction?
It was released in 2008 and is in the Romance genre.
You are very welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
Yes. I like A Tale of Two Cities. It was written by Richard Maxwell.It is a historical novel but I haven't read it.
It is. It is also a mystery, similar to White Teeth.
I will have to check that out. Did you know that Zadie Smith is a scientist and an athlete?
You're welcome.
John Lasseter directed Meet the Parents. Have you seen that one?
That one was released in 2004. That's a great movie!
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Sure, no problem.
He is ok but I think his Spouse Hayden Panettiere is great
She's a heavyweight boxer and is married to Hayden Panettiere.
Yes, I agree. The Titans is considered a classic!
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
I like the redskins but I haven't been to a long time. Who is their coach now?
I am not a huge football fan but I do love the redskins that they play in Shea Stadium.
Was this the book written by Terry Pratchett? Or Neil Gaiman?
Yes you are correct. Terry Pratchett also wrote Wyrd Sisters
Some good Speculative fiction books are Wizard's First Rule, Witches Abroad, and Witches Abroad
He is on the Golden State Warriors. Are you a basketball fan?
I think he is 41 years old
Yes, he is very tall
No problem
Do you like him because he writes science fiction?
Sure, Ted Tally wrote All the Real Girls and The Huntsman. Do you like thrillers?
Well, you might also enjoy The Silence of the Lambs, which is a thriller.
Enjoy
I haven't seen that one but heard it's a great action film. Have you seen it?
Yes, Shia Lebouf also starred in Armageddon. Have you seen that movie?
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy The Philadelphia Experiment or The Men Who Stare at Goats.
Yes, he is an athlete who plays basketball as a point guard.
Yes I am a fan of the Miami Heat. How about you?
Yes, they were played in the 90s. It's a good game.
I don't know about Hush Hush but I can recommend you movies where Christoph Waltz starred.
Yes, it's a series - another great novel is Wrath of the Titans
Yes it is a romance novel and it was written by William Shakespeare
Great, I hope you enjoy them
Thank you
A few things. He's from London and plays Golf most prominently.
I understand. He's pretty good as well. I'm not much of a fan of golf but I do like the movie Tiger Woods.
I have seen Happy Gilmore too!
The are a football team in the AFC East. Jimmy Buffett is part owner. Do you like the Dolphins?
Oh gosh, I'm not a big american fan but the team is doing pretty well this year. Seems like a lot of events that year.
They are ok! They are a very talented team in the NFC East.
Yes, he wrote Rayuela in 1963. Are you a fan of his work?
It was released in 1963; the same year that Way Station was released.
You're welcome.
I think she's a singer like Lady Gaga and Katy Perry right?
She was in a science fiction movie called The Giver. Did you know she is also an actor?
The Giver was written by Lois Lowry. He also wrote a good book called The Lorax.
I recommend the book Paper Towns.
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
If you like fiction, I would recommend The Fault in Our Stars.
No problem. Enjoy.
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works
Yes, he also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind.
I haven't seen it but I've heard it was good. It is considered a drama and a biography.
Sure, I do. Nathan Greno directed Tangled. Would you like to know more about this film?
That is correct. Mandy Moore is also in Tangled. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Sure! World War Z is a great family film. I think you would enjoy it.
Yes, he was. Tim Allen also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Yes! He was also in Larry Crowne.
You are welcome! Enjoy!
Yes. It is a great thriller starring Steven Spielberg. Do you like his movies?
The Goonies is a great movie starring Robin Williams, but hasn't seen it yet. Does that sound interesting to you?
This movie was released in 1999.
Great movie! It starred Russell Crowe, Paul Bettany, Michael Abbott, Jr., and Judd Hirsch.
He also starred in Proof of Life, you should check it out.
He also starred in Zombieland. That's a good one.
You're welcome. Enjoy
Sure one is Bugsy other one is in it. Have you seen that one?
It was directed by David Fincher.
I believe so.
Certainly! He has starred in many films, including Unbreakable and The Assassination of Jesse James.
Witless Protection is a crime and drama film directed by Roland Emmerich.
Sure! White House Down, We Were Soldiers, and Walking Tall all have received good reviews.
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo stars Al Pacino.
Glad to help!
Yes, isn't she a singer?
Anne-Marie is a singer like Paul McCartney. You like music?
Some of her albums are Girl with a Pearl Earring and Lady Gaga
Yes, I am a huge fan of their music. I love their song Waiting for the End. How about you?
I personally enjoyed their song One Time. What is your favorite song of theirs?
I prefer rock, like The Wiz, or Metallica. I like some of their music.
Yes. Craig T. Nelson starred in movies like How to Train Your Dragon and How to Train Your Dragon 2. He also starred in them.
He was in The Incredibles too! He also starred in The Croods!
He was in Twilight and The Psychological Thriller.
You are correct! Tyrone Giordano starred in The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou. It's a very good movie.
She was also in the Family Stone.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Sylvia Plath wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath.
Yes, The Journals of Sylvia Plath was released in 1982.
Writings of Sylvia Plath, Sylvia Plath was released in 1982.
I'm not familiar with him. I only know he was in The Wiz. Have you seen it?
That is a good question...I am not sure about that. He also starred in the movie Star Trek, have you seen it?
Ah yes it's the one of the whale movies! It was written by John Lennon.
Sure, I can tell you he directed Deadpool. Have you seen that?
Deadpool is a superhero film. Do you like superhero movies?
I do not have that information right now.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He wrote II Principe
Il Principe was also written by Niccolo Machiavelli, in English. It's a classic!
Il Principe was also written by Niccolo Machiavelli. He was also a musician!
Il Principe was also written by Niccolo Machiavelli. He was also a musician!
Sure. He wrote The Egyptian and The Charge of the Light Brigade. Are you familiar with either?
I am not sure about that but I can tell you it was released in 2005.
It is written in English.
Sure! She wrote The Temple of My Familiar, and The Color Purple. Have you read any of these?
The Color Purple is a Drama book and the genre is fiction
Yes, it is a musical, the genre is musical. Do you like musicals?
Memento is a book written by Christoper Nolan.
I do not have that information right now
You are welcome
The soccer player? I heard he is good. He is fourth-most goals scored of all time in the European Cup and UEFA Champions League.
Wow, I didn't know that. Thanks for the info.
I like them too. My favorite team is Manchester United F.C.
The Scarlet Letter was written by Marissa Meyer. You might like The Princess Bride. It's a romantic drama.
He wrote The World According to Garp and The Cider House Rules.
The World According to Garp is The Cider House Rules.
It was released in 1995.
You're welcome!
He wrote Set It Off starring Vivica A. Fox.
She's a great actress. She also starred in Men in Black 3 and Gone with the Wind.
It was released in 2005 and directed by Ron Howard. It is a science fiction action film.
Of course! I hope you enjoy!
Have you seen other movies in the same genre or do you like action movies?
The Fight Club is a drama and starring Edward Norton with Brad Pitt.
I don't know about a comedy but I do know that it is in the comedy genre.
If you like Brad Pitt, you might like The Women of Brewster Place. It is a comedy.
You're welcome
It's a romance and written by Kurt Wimmer. Do you like romance novels?
Simon McBurney also starred in Zookeeper and Wonder Woman. If you haven't seen those, you might enjoy this one.
Yes! It is a Romantic film as well. If you are interested in other Romantic films, I recommend The Best Years of Our Lives.
Yes, he is a Cricket player from India.
Don't know a lot about Cricket but I've heard it's popular in the states.
That's a interesting fact, I'm not sure if he was born in India.
I agree. The Los Angeles Lakers are a great team! Who is your favorite player?
Honestly, I don't know him. I think he is a good coach.
Yes, Holes is a book for young adults and is filled with adventure.
Wayside School is Falling Down is written by Louis Sachar. He also wrote small steps.
Yes, Holes is a great book for young adults and is filled with adventure.
I know that he plays basketball for the Golden State Warriors. He plays both positions shooting guard and point guard.
I'm not sure, but he's also a point guard for the Golden State Warriors.
They are all basketball movies. A good one to check out is The NBA. It's really funny.
You're welcome!
He starred in Vulgar
I am sorry I do not have info on that and is there anything else I can help with?
Sure. Vulgar is a 2008 American crime drama film directed by David Fincher. It was released in 1999.
Sure, he's a writer, actor, and actor to name a couple of his movies. He wrote, directed and starred in The Pursuit of Happiness and Sense and Sensibility.
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
It's a German football league correct? I prefer American football.
I actually don't know much about soccer, but I did hear he plays for the Germany national football team
I haven't read it, but I heard it's a good piece of speculative fiction. I really like that genre.
Sure. Try the book "It" written by him . It was released in 1994.
It is a romance novel.
Yes. Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell. He also wrote Animal Farm.
It is a Biographical novel. Do you like that genre?
I dont know of any fiction novels by him. However, he also wrote Nineteen Eighty-Four which is a historical novel.
I am not sure of the genre but I know it was released in 1922.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
It is a fiction novel, do you like fiction?
I hope you enjoy them.
Thank you
I think he is/was a NFL player. I don't know much about him.
Are you a fan of their team? I would be happy to see Wolker on that team.
I like Stephen Gostkowski, he's with the Green Bay Packers. I think he was a good QB. Did you know he was born in Houston?
Yes I do, Floyd Mayweather Jr is a celebrity boxer that fought Oscar De La Hoya.
Yeah, I think I'd have to look it up. I don't know much about him. Is he any good?
Yes, I did know that I did not know that.
Well, The Time Machine was written by H.G. Wells who also wrote The War of the Worlds. Have you heard of it?
It was written by Robert A. Heinlein.
The genre is science fiction
Breaking Dawn is part of the Twilight Series. Have you seen that?
Wicked is a romance that came out in 2011. I think you may like that one. It's part of the Transformers series.
Of course! It stars Steve Buscemi and Steve Buscemi as well. It's an adventure film like Twilight.
Great, I think you'll enjoy the film as well.
Andrew Garfield starred in The Social Network and The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you seen either of those?
Great. The Amazing Spider-Man is a historical fiction starring Andrew Garfield and Emma Stone. It is a great movie.
Yes she did. She also won an Academy Award.
Sure. It's a self-help book written by Dale carnegie. Similar books are The magic of Thinking Big and The Happiness Project.
The Washington Redskins and How to Win Friends and Influence People are two good books by him.
He also wrote First Things First: To Live, to Love, to Learn, to Leave a Legacy.
You're welcome!
Do you like the New York Yankees?
Jack Reacher is a mystery/Thriller starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more?
Jack Reacher is a psychological thriller starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more about Tom Cruise?
Shark Night also stars Kyla Pratt and Dustin Milligan.
No, I haven't heard his music but I know that he is very talented, he is a songwriter too.
Yes, he is a great singer. I love his music. Do you like him?
I don't play any of his songs, but I do know he is from Cuba.
Are you a fan of animated films? If so I would recommend The Incredibles.
Sure, I recommend The Incredibles and Ratatouille. Both are great movies!
You're welcome!
Steve Buscemi is also in that movie, have you seen it?
Have you seen Gone Baby Gone? That's another crime Thriller in that genre.
It stars Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
Was this book written by Paula McLain?
I have not, but would like to know more about her?
Circling the Sun was released in 2015, and it was in English.
No, it was not in English, but it was released in English.
I really like when she and Seth Meyers (Late Night with Seth Meyers) went day drinking? Have you seen that clip?
I like Piece by Piece
I am not sure if she has or not. I know that she is very talented. My favorite singer is Taylor Swift though.
Yes, I love reality TV. I would also recommend a couple of other shows she is hilarious.
Do you like City of Fallen Angels because it is a Fantasy movie or because it is written by Cassandra Clare?
City of Fallen Angels was written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
The Iron Trial, The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass, The Iron Trial, Clockwork Princess and more. Have you read any of these?
No problem! Enjoy.
Yes. Terry George directed Hotel Rwanda, starring Sophie Okonedo and Joaquin Phoenix. He is quite a director!
It is an adventure film
starred in The Other Boleyn Girl.
It is a Drama, similar to The Other Boleyn Girl.
Sure! The Other Boleyn Girl is a Science Fiction Film, similar to The Kill Order.
I am not sure who stars in The Other Boleyn Girl. However, I can tell you The Other Boleyn Girl is a biographical film starring William H. Macy
Absolutely, Franz Kafka wrote The Castle as well as Amerika
The Castle is a fantasy novel released in 2003. It was written in English and is about a novelist who runs a ranch and the daughter's love life.
That's a good question. The book is actually in the genre of speculative fiction.
You're welcome!
His latest movie is Goonies, starring Steve Antin and Richard Donner
Catch Me If You Can has Justin Timberlake and Dwayne Johnson. Are you a fan of those actors?
Yes, Paula Hawkins wrote a series called Circling the Sun. Have you heard of this one?
Yes it was, have you seen it? The movie was great
No problem
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren. what else can i answer for you today?
The Siren is fantasy and The Queen is fantasy. I highly recommend it!
Yes, it's a great book! Daughter is a good one. It was written by Elizabeth George Speare.
I know it was written by Percy Bysshe Shelley and Percy Bysshe Shelley.
Percy Bysshe Shelley wrote The Last Man and The Modern Prometheus. Are you interested in speculative fiction?
He was also in The Last Man and The Invisible Man.
Yes, she also starred in The Last Man and Rob Roy.
Yes, Paper Towns was written by John Green, is a young adult fiction/ mystery and was released in 2008.
I have. Are you familiar with The Fault in Our Stars?
He is a basketball player, from Winston Salem.
Yes he was, do you know who acted in this movie?
Yes that's true. Do you know what position does he play for?
It was written by James Dashner in The Maze Runner books.
Yes, that is a great one.
I have not, but I will definetly recommend it.
Of course! X-men is an action movie, and a sci-fi flick, but I get the feeling you're more interested in the superhero factor of it?
Chris Hemsworth and Scarlett Johansson starred in this movie. It's a Sci-Fi. Do you like those type of movies?
Yes, Volcano stars Tom Cruise and Eddie Marsan. It is a Sci-Fi/Action film.
I have not seen it. Who is it?
Yeah, she was in that movie as well! Do you like her movies?
Temuera Morrison and Ray Winstone also starred in it.
You're welcome
Cristiano Ronaldo is a soccer player who had a romantic relationship with Irina Shayk
Not really. I am more of a American Football fan. What about you?
I am a fan of both. I do enjoy watching Gymnastics. How about you?
Which sport do you like?
I am not a huge football fan but I do know that they are coached by Carlo Ancelotti.
They likely do. They will be in the Super Bowl this year.
Sure he starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wildest Dream.
Sure. Do you like Scarface because it's a thriller?
Well, as a matter of fact I see, the movie was produced by Oliver Stone.
Yes. Rodnet Dangerfield also starred in The Manchurian Candidate. It's a classic.
Enjoy!
Sure, he wrote Little Miss Sunshine starring Paul Dano.
Yup! Steve Careel is a great actor. He also starred in it as well.
That one was released in 2007 and is a classic.
You're welcome.
Yes, Jason Derulo is in a relationship with Jordan Sparks and he is a sing/songwriter. Do you lik his music?
I do, Jordan Derulo is a great singer. I haven't heard anything from her. What about you?
Yes, she has a few years in her songs. I'm not a big fan of his.
Sure, that's a great book! Are you a fan of the author Liane Moriarty?
It was released in 2014. You might also like The Last Anniversary if you like romance stories.
That was a great book. The next one in the series is Speaker for the Dead. Do you like science fiction?
Speakers of the Dead and Speakers of the Dead are speculative fiction
I do not know who wrote Waylander. Would you be interested in some other recommendations?
you are welcome. Hope you enjoy
Sure, do you like Aladdin because it stars Bruce Willis or because it is a thriller?
James Franco directed The Princess and the Frog
Sure, anything else I can help you with?
I love her song, Marry the Night! Are you a fan of hers?
Definitely. Did you know she starred in The Edge of Glory?
She was not in the muppets, but I have heard it!
Coldplay is a band with Chris Martin as the lead vocal. Do you like their music?
I like Yellow too. I think Clint Eastwood is doing a great job in this film.
Yes! That was indeed. I love Amsterdam.
Sure, I can help! He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen that?
He has starred in The House of Mirth, The Invisible Man, and The Box.
Yes she is starring in a romance film called Trixie.
You are welcome.
Kahil Gilbran wrote The Prophet. It is filled with great poetry. Have you seen it?
Speculative fiction. what else can i answer for you today?
The Prophet was released 2003 what else can i do for you today?
you are welcome
I sure do! He's a romantic actor. Do you like romantic comedies?
Sure, he starred in Friends with Benefits and No Strings Attached. Have you heard of them?
I believe it's a pop music. But it's like Selena Gomez and Rihanna much better.
Yes, he is a great actor! He starred in What's your number? and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen those?
The book is a mystery
It was released in 2004
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you like it because it is a thriller or because it is starring Hugh Jackman?
Rise of the Guardians is a Drama
He also wrote Rise of the Guardians, which is a Fantasy.
You're welcome
Red stars actors and actresses Morgan Freeman.
Yes, he stars in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like action movies?
He also starred in The Black Dahlia, which is a drama.
I don't have any more information on that one.
Great choice, the movie Shooter was written by Stephen Hunter and starring Tate Donovan.
Shooter is starring Ned Beatty and Hugh Jackman.
Yes, he did. They were both in The O.C. series.
I hope you enjoy.
Do you enjoy crime fiction?
To Kill a Mockingbird is a really popular crime movie, have you seen it?
Do you know who stars in Training Day?
Of course, Maleficent is a fantasy movie. Would you like to know more about it?
Sure, she also starred in Sweet Home Alabama. Have you seen that one?
Yes! She was in it as well.
Yes. That was a good movie, you should watch it.
Owen Wilson is in a lot of comedy movies. He was in The Pool Boys which is a comedy too.
He's on the Germany national football team right? I'm not sure.
Yes he plays the Midfielder and he is the member of the Germany national football team.
He's a midfielder with the Germany national football team.
I know he play soccer for the Real Madrid C.F. from Portugal. You like soccer
It is a soccer player from the Portugal national football team.
Yes, he is also the Midfielder.
Yes, The Two Towers and Stone of Destiny
Yes, John Travolta starred in Edge of Tomorrow.
A similar movie is The Outsiders, also starring Jacob Latimore.
Yes, and Emma Stone too! I think you will like Zombieland too.
I hope you enjoy it.
That movie stars Zooey Deschanel
I like thrillers and romance. Do you have a favorite movie of this genre?
I like murder mystery, but would you like me to add it to your watch list?
I haven't seen Pacifier, is it in a movie?
Yes, she wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Creatures.
Sure. She wrote "Outlander" which was also made into a movie. She starred in it as well.
I believe it did. It's a romance novel.
They're a great baseball team but I love the Houston Astros.
He's from New York City and he was born in Houston.
The movie Zookeeper is a crime fiction. It was released in 2002. Have you seen it?
I can't find that information, is there anything else I can help you with?
He also produced Assault on Precinct 13. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure on the genre, but I do know that Tom Petty plays the lead role.
I'm sorry I don't have that information. However, I do know that Tom Everett and Tilda Swinton are both in it.
Do you want to know other movies he produced?
Yes, Good Will Hunting is starring Matt Damon, Matt Damon, Matt Damon and many others. Do you like dramas?
Yes, Robin Williams also starred in this movie as well
No I haven't heard of them.
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy them!
Other than knowing them as a prominent football team I don't know and also do not prefer watching football matches.
Wow, I didn't know he was on the NFC West, but I do like the team overall.
Yeah, I like the Steelers, he was a good QB but I had no idea. I like the Seahawks and Carolina Panthers.
Do you like Drama and Comedy?
The Women of Brewster Place was written by Rick Riordan.
Helena Bonham Carter is starring in it.
She also starred in A Mighty Wind.
Sounds good. Want me to add it to your queue?
Sure! Dark Lover is speculative fiction novel written by J.R. Ward. It has a vampire them. Do you like that genre?
That's right, Tyrannosaur Canyon was released in 2005. Do you like fiction movies?
The Mist was also written by J.K. Rowling. That is a great sci-fi thriller.
You might enjoy Cloverfield if you haven't read that one yet.
Sure thing!
She starred in Twilight of the Ice Nymphs
The Shinning is a great horror film, it stars Ben Stiller and Christine Taylor and is directed by Steven Spielberg.
I would recommend checking out The Big Lebowski as well.
Enjoy.
He starred in The Invasion and Downfall.
Christopher Nolan was in that thriller. It was written by Edward Norton.
She has also starred in Sharp Objects and The Prestige.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I know he's in a romantic relationship with Gabrielle Union. Did you know that she starred in the movie Good Deeds?
She starred in What's Up, Truly Madly Guilty and Three Wishes.
I totally agree. I love her song Pokerface. Did you know she has also a voice?
No, I haven't seen it. What genres do you like?
The Muppets also had Will Smith. The Muppets also had a big role in that movie. I think you'd like it, too.
You should check out Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.
Sure. Essential Readings for the Non-Believer is an anthology edited by Christopher Hitchens. It is fiction.
I don't know any others on this topic but I can tell you that Thomas Hobbes was influenced by Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.
You are welcome.
Sure, do you like the movie because of the genre or the actors in it?
He starred in The Good Doctor and Troy. Do you like any particular genre?
Undisputed is one that comes to mind, have you watch that?
You're welcome!
Yes, She is a writer, poet, author. She wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath. Have you heard of this book?
I really don't know much about him other than he plays Golf. Do you follow him
I love Adam Sandler in those movies! But I like Caddyshack but I haven't seen the other one.
He was good in that movie. Did you know he also wrote and directed the movie?
He is a writter of the movie The Butterfly Effect starring William Lee Scott.
I believe it is a drama, if that interests you then definitely check out The Butterfly Effect.
Enjoy!
Sure, do you like it because it is written by Tim Burton?
It is a drama/romance and was released in 1995.
If you like Crime Dramas, I recommend X-Men 2 or World War Z.
Sure, do you like Juno because it is a romance film?
You might enjoy The Truth About Forever, or Wicked Lovely.
Yes, it is a comedy-drama film.
Josh Brolin, J.K. Simmons, and Brooke D'Orsay.
Bradley Cooper was in The Words, which is a Comedy drama.
Yes, he's a comedy star too.
The Light Between Oceans is one book.
Yes it was released in 2012 and is a drama/fantasy genre
Sure, you might like Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
I hope you enjoy it. Have a great day !
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to read another one of her b
George R.R. Martin wrote Lullaby.
He also wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
Great choice, the movie Shooter was written by Stephen Hunter and starring Tate Donovan.
Well, if you liked it, you might also enjoy The Incredibles. Have you seen that one?
He was in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that one?
While You Were Sleeping has a really great cast. It also stars Sylvester Stallone.
Rocky is a Sylvester Stallone. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
You might like The X-Men series, or World War Z. Have you seen them?
It's a martial arts film and was released in 2014.
You're welcome!
Yes, At the Water's Edge is similar to Water for Elephants.
Then you might like Pretty Little Liars. It's a historical period drama.
I don't have that information.
You're welcome
I didn't know he was a basketball player. I think he played for the Miami Heat. Do you like basketball?
My favorite player is Adrian Peterson. Do you know if he won any awards?
I agree. I never heard of them, but I love the sport.
Oh wow, I didn't know that. Wow he must be very good then!
Sure! It's a mystery, written by Mark Haddon, and was released in 2003.
He also wrote The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time by Mark Haddon.
The Godfather, starring Al Pacino, was a drama. Do you want similar movies also produced by Robert Evans?
Yes, it is a very similar movie.
Apocalypse Now is a classic! I have seen it. Apocalypse Now is a classic!
Apocalypse Now is a classic. The star of that one is Tom Hanks.
Sure! She is a very talented actress. What's your favorite song of hers?
Of course. Other movies in that genre include The Bounty Hunter and No Country for Old Men
Excellent. I will add that to your list.
Yes. It's a Drama, if you like dramas.
You're welcome.
Sure, Meg Cabot wrote The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban.
Underworld: Evolution is the genre sci-fi.
I don't know any others but she did write Underworld: Evolution and Twilight.
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
If you like thrillers, you might like Animal Kingdom. It's a Crime Fiction Film.
Robert De Niro and David Morse starred in War. Would you like to know more about it?
I'm not sure when it came out. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Have you seen the Winnie the Pooh animated film?
Yes, Craig Ferguson starred in Brave, How to Train Your Dragon and How to Train Your Dragon 2
It was released in 1974.
No but I heard Simona Halep plays tennis.
Actually I don't know much about tennis but I do know that there is a film version of it called Serena Williams.
Oh wow, that's really cool. I've never watched any tennis matches.
Other than knowing them as a prominent football team I don't know and also do not prefer watching football matches.
Oh, I liked Tuesday Night Football. Have you seen that movie, starring Will Smith?
I believe it is a book. Two of my favorite authors are A Man Named Jackie and Anne Hathaway.
127 hours is a Thriller directed by Danny Boyle who also directed Sunshine.
Dumb and Dumber. Are you a fan of him?
From what I can tell, he was in The Incredible Hulk and The Avengers. Both are fantastic movies.
Yes it was written by Robert D. Siegel, who also wrote Riding in Cars with Boys.
It's a drama
Your welcome!
Isn't he a cricket player? I believe he's from India. Do you enjoy watching the sport?
Actually, I prefer American football, but UK football is okay.
Manchester United F.C are my favorite, I heard he plays for the India national team.
Sure, it falls into the fantasy genre. Is that what you are looking for?
Have you read The Voyage of the Dawn Treader or The Silver Chair?
It's considered a fantasy.
No problem. Enjoy.
Sure! J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Where The Wild Things Are. Both are very good books.
Yes, Peter Pan is a Crime Fiction piece written by J.M. Barrie. Do you like Children's literature?
Yes, I can recommend The Golden Compass and The Panic in Needle Park.
It is a young-adult fiction book.
Sure, The Sea Wolf is a young-adult fiction novel by Arthur Miller.
Jane Austen wrote the book.
He wrote Paccka3bl N TLobectN.and Eecbl.
William Petty and William Burroughs also wrote Eecbl.
It's in the genre of Science Fiction and Psychological Thriller.
The Cabin in the Woods is written by Drew Goddard. Would you like to know more about it?
I do not have that information. I can tell you that it was written by Walter Hill.
Yes that movie is starring Ty Olsson
Ok great. I hope you enjoy it.
Is it the Sci-Fi drama that you like or the Adventure?
Did you enjoy this film because it starred Henry Cavill or because it was a Sci-Fi movie?
Yes. He also directed The Warrior's Way
Yeah he has a lot in it, I'm afraid I'm not sure about that
That's a great movie. Would you like me to add it to your watch list?
I recommend aving Mr. Banks.
I would recommend checking out Blind Side. It is also a very good Biographical film.
It's about the story of an orphan boy looking for a home in the fictional Pennsylvania town of Two Mills. Does this help?
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
She is a very good tennis player? She and her Sister, Serena live in Florida. How about you?
Not really but I believe only Venus is also a artist and a film producer
Serena has a double name as well, but my double favorites are Venus and her sister Serena.
Sure. It is a great sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
I haven't seen either of those yet, but I do know that Tom Cruise is one of my favorite actors.
Yes she is in that. Great movie! It is a historical romantic comedy.
Do you like Hugh Jackman? He is in this movie.
Nick Cassavetes directed it.
Nick Cassavetes and Emma Stone are in it.
It came out in 2007.
Yes! Do you like Superman Returns because of the action?
It is a Comedy-drama. Do you like comedies?
yes he did. You've Got Mail is a great movie. do you like his movies?
Yes, he is in that film too.
Great, I'll add it to your watch list.
your welcome
Did you like the Deception Point because it is a thriller?
you have The Truth About Forever, The Time Traveler's Wife and Last Action Hero. what else can i answer for you?
what else can i do for you?
That was released in 2005 and is a Romance/Comedy. Would you like to hear more titles from this actor?
Yes, it is also a movie starring Brad Pitt. Enjoy!
The Wide Window is starring Daniel Day-Lewis, Ella Joyce, and Anna Kendrick.
ok. Enjoy your day.
Yes, that's correct.
You're welcome
Great, enjoy the movie!
I haven't read Outlander, is it under Science Fiction and Adventure?
Besides the Outlander, she wrote The Scottish Prisoner and The Fiery Cross. Have you read any of these?
I'm not sure if she has any other books but she did write Outlander 2: The Fiery Cross. This is a fiction book.
No I don't have that information but I can find it for you.
He is fine I guess. Marcelo Vieira, known as Marcelo, is a Brazilian professional footballer for Spanish club Real Madrid and the Brazil national team
Not really. I don't follow football much. Do you know who he plays for?
Yes Ryan Gosling was great in that movie. I didn't know he was also in Rio de Janeiro.
Roland Emmerich directed The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Are you into Action/Adventure Films.
That would be a sci-fi film. Do you like sci-fi?
He also starred in Women in Love, which is a romantic comedy.
Shawn Roberts and Jim Broadbent directed that movie.
I loved her in Who's That Girl and Swept away, more than her songs. What about you?
I like some of Madonna's music. She wrote a couple of my favorite songs, Who's Yours?
Thrillers are my favorite. He was in Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
They're a good NFL AFC East, team, but I'm from the Midwest, so I like the Packers.
I have heard of them. Are they having a good season this year?
I do know that their former quarterback Mark Sanchez is with the New York Jets.
He wrote Snatch and , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels.
Sure, it was released in 1997 and stars Robert Downey Jr. and Kevin Spacey.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
I do, will do.
It s a south korean boy band. do you like them?
I haven't heard of them. Speaking of K-pop, what about you?
Oh nice, I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
He is a great actor. He stars in Deadpool, have you seen it?
Yes, he did.
He's friends with Snoop Dogg. They are both rappers. Have you heard of him?
I think they are all friends as well as iJustin, did you know snoop is friends with Snoop Dogg?
Yes, he did! It's a movie, starring Kevin Spacey, who also starred in The Wash and Funny People.
You're welcome!
Shelley Duvall starred in Time Bandits. Do you like comedies?
Time Bandits was released in 2002 and is a drama/fantasy film. Do you like those types of movies?
It's a funny one. It was released in 1981 and is a romantic comedy. Do you like that type of movie?
She was also in Django Unchained. Do you want to know more about this movie?
Donna Tartt wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read them before?
It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
She wrote The Little Friend and The Goldfinch.
It's a drama. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Michael Bay is known for action movies and lots of cinematic explosions. You might enjoy Transformers.
I don't have that information. However, I can recommend another movie with him called State of the Union. Have you seen that one?
Yes, that's correct. Dwayne Johnson also starred in Scream 4 and A Time to Kill.
Let me know if you need anything else.
Yes, he is an Indian crickter, is the vice-captain of the India national team in limited-overs formats.
I don't know a whole lot but I know Rohit Sharma is from India. I don't follow cricket much. Do you like cricket?
Yes. I do like American football. What's your favorite team?
Well I hope the Eagles win again that's another team that I like. What do you think?
She starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wild Life.
Oh yes! She was in Adventures in Baby Slayer. Have you seen that one?
X-Men 2 and X-Men 2 were both in that. Are you a fan of them?
I do, will add it to your watch list.
Audrey Niffenegger wrote The Time Traveler's Wife. It is a romantic novel. Are you into romance?
It is a Thriller.
Stanlee was written by Edgar Allan Poe
Sure! Jorja Fox starred in Memento an Indie film, a revenge fil if you will. Have you seen it?
Yes, it was written by Robert Rodriguez and also stars Thomas Lennon and Jorja Fox.
He wrote the Harry Potter movies and directed Memento.
Certainly. Have a great day.
They are a strong team in the NFL. Their coach Mike McCarthy is really talented. I wonder if they will make the Super Bowl this year.
I like them a lot. My favorite team is the Washington Redskins, who is yours?
I don't know too much about them but I do know that they're coached by Mike McCarthy.
I don't think so. I'm more of a Cowboys fan myself.
Yes, he has written some good books, would you like to know a few of them?
I haven't read any of his other books, but I do like Fantasy. Are you a fan of Fantasy?
I'm sorry, I don't have any similar books, but Victor Hugo wrote Donnie Darko which is also in the Fantasy genre.
I am a HUGE Deadpool fan. Check out Star Trek: First Contact and X-Men. They're both great.
I'm not sure if it's funny, but it's directed by Douglas Adams. Do you like his work?
Deadpool is based on a Marvel comic of the same name. It's starring Ryan Reynolds and Ed Skrein.
Sure, no problem!
Absolutely! I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about him. Is he any good?
I like American Football, but my favorite team is the Redskins. Do you like them?
Wow, I'm a fan of soccer. Do you?
Yes she is. I liked her in Princess Protection Program
I don't remember seeing him in that movie. I think he is a good actor.
I haven't seen it, but I'll check it out. Enjoy!
It is a great film that was released in 2012. If you like comedy films I recommend you see the movie True Grit.
How about Will Ferrell's other movies?
Slapstick was released in 2010 and is an action/drama. Do you like that genre?
Sure! The Tragedy of Macbeth was written by William Shakespeare and released in 1606. That is also the same year as the release of The Tragedie of Anthony and Cleopatra.
It was written by William Shakespeare.
It's genre is fantasy.
Yes, he is. He was influenced by William Shakespeare, as well as William Shakespeare.
Sure, he directed The King's Speech, The Damned United, and Les Miserables
Kings Speech was rated PG and PG-13. The King's Speech was rated PG.
The Kings Speech was released in 2012.
They're OK. I'm a Niners fan, but I do like their coach, John Fox. Are you a fan?
I think he was a defensive back too. I'm not much of a fan of the Panthers.
I didn't know that! I've heard they were runner ups in Super Bowl XLVIII.
Yes, it stars Nicolas Cage and John Travolta. Are you a fan of either?
Yeah, she's pretty cool as long as she stays away from Chris Brown. What's your favorite song of hers?
Zach Galifianakis was in it. He was also in Water for Elephants.
I highly recommend it. It is a great movie.
Yes, he is a singer-songwriter. Do you like his music?
He mostly does Pop rock and Indie rock. Do you like that genre?
Great, I agree with you on that.
No, I haven't but it seems to be a Johnny Depp film and probably it should be a good one. Do you prefer films starring Johnny Depp?
Yes he was, did you know he also wrote The Rum Diary?
Yes I have. Mortdecai is also in The Rum Diary which was written by Hunter S. Thompson.
I haven't seen Ride Along 2.
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
He also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Have you read that?
Juraissic has genre Romance and Historical period drama. Do you like these genres?
The Toy Story is a science fiction movie I suggest.
Yes, she was, along with X-Men Origins.
Jennifer Lawrence, Jamie Foxx, and X-Men Origins: Wolverine
Some other adventure movies are; Wolverine and the X-Men
Not that I know of but he did star in The Proposal
I would recommend Wizard and Glass and The Sandman: Endless Nights. My favorite is The Graveyard Book.
Yes, it was. It's a young-adult fiction novel.
Yes, that is true. He also wrote The Green Mile if you like that one.
You're welcome!
Yes. And that was written by Winston Groom
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional American football franchise based in Tampa, Florida. The Buccaneers currently compete in the National Football League as a member team of the National Football Conference South division
My favorite player is Adrian Peterson
He played midfielder
They are not doing too well
I'm not a huge fan of hers. I think she is a great singer though. Do you like her?
I think she's had a good voice. She is a great actress. Do you like her movies?
I didn't know that. I think I'd like to watch those movies as well. They are pretty good.
No, I haven't heard of him. Are you a fan of his music?
Yes he was in Desperado. do you like his music?
my apologies. I don't have that information. what else can i do for you?
I would! Do you have a preference in genre?
Definitely. It's a coming of age story about a mysterious assassin working for a group of rebels trying to overthrow the government. Shall I add it to your watch list?
If you liked that one, you should also try The Professor. I highly recommend it.
Robin Buss wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo released in 1844.
Robin Buss wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo, have you read it?
It was written by Robin Buss, and that was released in 1882.
It was written by St. John Mandel and was released in 2014, along with Emily St. John Mandel. Have you read it?
She also wrote Last Night in Montreal and The Shelters of Stone.
It's a psychological thriller and was released in 2009.
You're welcome.
Are you a fan of the author, Rick Yancey?
I do, I would recommend checking out The Last Star and The Infinite Sea.
Yes, it is. Do you like him as an author?
Robert Jackson wrote it as a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Robert Jackson just made it easier to read.
It was released in 1599
The Notebook was based on the Romance novel of the same name written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Romance films?
If you like historical movies, I would suggest Beautiful Creatures. Have you seen any of them?
At the Water's Edge is one of the actors in the movie.
Of course, enjoy!
I do! It is an historical fiction novel written by Jamie Ford.
You should check it out. That was a good read.
It looks like it is from the United States of America.
That's correct. Sounds like a good book.
Sure! If you like Batman Begins, you must like Adventure films?
Sure, I have a couple of other movies in that genre like The Civil War and Levity. Would you like to hear more about those?
He starred in The Civil War and Levity, which is a comedy.
By Josh Grisham?
You might also like Xenocide or Wyrd Sisters. They are the same genre.
Sure. I'll add the Crow Road to your reading list now.
Margaret R. Higonnet wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles , which is a great piece of literature. Are you looking for titles by this author?.
Tim Dolin also wrote Thomas Hardy
He also wrote the popular book D'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented
Robert Wrote the Silkworm it had me on my toes great book
She also wrote The Silkworm and The Cuckoo's Calling
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
Fantasy Genre
There is The Looking Glass Wars written by Frank Beddor
The genre is adventure fiction
Your welcome
Sure, The Scar and House Rules are similar to this.
Yes, it was co-written by Simmons.
Sure, Dan Simmons also wrote Franny and Zooey
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but he also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
I didn't know that. I think he also starred in State of the Union. Have you seen that one?
Alright, that is all I know of.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I agree. Did you know that he was born in Oakland?
I like the Golden State Warriors, what about you?
He is a point guard. I think he is a good player as well.
Nine Stories is similar to The Catcher in the Rye.
I don't have any examples of literary realism. Is that something you'd like?
I don't really know much about them except they're a K-pop boy band. Do you like them?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't think so. Is there anything else I can help you with?
It is a great book, it was written by Ann Brashares and released in 2001.
It was released in 2002, the same year The Poisonwood Bible came out.
I would also recommend World Without End if you liked that genre.
Is it the genre you want to try?
Enjoy!
Looper is a Sci-Fi movie written and directed by Ridley Scott. It was released in 2013.
That is a Thriller. anything else i can do for you?
have a good day
I think you would enjoy A Beautiful Mind. It starred Russell Crowe, Paul Bettany, Michael Abbott, Jr., and Judd Hirsch.
Sure, he directed The Missing. It is a western mystery film written and directed by him.
You are welcome, goodbye.
That book is written by Tony Goldwyn and Erik Larson
He also starred in Someone Like You and The Man in the Iron Mask.
Someone Like You is a comedy drama
Absolutely!
It was written by J. D. Salinger, do you like the genre or would you like me to recommend other books by him?
Raise High the Roof Beam and Nine Stories are also written by him.
Franny and Zooey is a great book that was released in 1961
I don't know much about football but I do know he is a forward
It was released in 1987. Do you like dramas?
I don't know that but I do know it was also released in 1962.
I think you would like The House of Mirth, Confessions of Charlotte Doyle. Have you heard of it?
Sure, Fiona Stafford wrote Emma. Emma is a romance novel.
Philippa Gregory wrote Wideacre. Do you like historical fiction?
It is a Historical fiction and was released in 1987.
Yes, they are both historical fiction.
you're welcome!
Sure, Arsenal is a pro soccer team in England. They play in the Premier League.
They are a good team in the NFC East.
I'm a huge fan of the New England Patriots. How about you?
Wally Lamb is a great actress. She has starred in many movies including The Hour I First Believed and She's Come Undone
I'm not sure about that author, but I know This Much Is True is considered a fiction novel.
I haven't read that one yet, but I will check it out.
I hope you enjoy it
The are a football team in the AFC East. Jimmy Buffett is part owner. Do you like the Dolphins?
Not really, but I'm a Packers fan. My favorite team is the Redskins.
My favorite team is the Washington Redskins. What is yours?
Sure, Inside Out is a Thriller, so is Die Hard with a Vengeance
The movie starred many well-known actors, including Chris Pratt, Ty Simpkins and Bryce Dallas Howard
I'm not sure when it was released, but it is in the fantasy genre of sci-fi.
You are welcome!
I do too! She has a nice voice. I think she is very talented. Did you know that she is friends with Miley Cyrus and Jessie J?
Yes, Victorious was a great Sitcom. She also starred in I Spy which is a comedy.
Yes, Victoria Justice also starred in Scarlett Johansson and Bill Murray.
Very funny. You should give it a try.
I am not familiar with Downfall. I know it was written by several people including Taudl Junge.
They used to be a war film
I'll add it now. Enjoy!
It is a fiction novel, do you like fiction?
Sure, one of my favorites is Wuthering Heights and Wolf Brother.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Glad I could help!
It was written by Daniel Henney and is in the Young-adult fiction genre.
Yes! Have you seen it?
Yes! That was a great movie. It is also a direct sequel of Big Hero 6 and was released in 2006.
Correct! Mindy Kaling was also in the animated film Wreck It Ralph.
No problem! Enjoy!
The are a football team in the AFC East. Jimmy Buffett is part owner. Do you like the Dolphins?
They are very good. Who is your favorite player on the Cowboys?
Tony Romo is also a director. Did you know he was a member of the National Football League?
I do not have info about the person you mentioned. How about some info on Tom Clancy
Owen Wilson is in the film known for The Royal Tenenbaums. It was released in 1999.
Did you know that Olivia Wilde starred in that movie?
Justin Rose is a professional Golfer from London.
I don't have any information on that.
I am not a big golf fan but I do know he's from Canada.
Sure! Virginia Woolf wrote To The Lighthouse and The Waves.
Yes, she wrote The Waves. Are you familiar with that book?
I'm not sure of the release date. It was released in 1927.
Sure! I hope you enjoy!
He is an American professional basketball player for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association. Are you interested in Basketball?
I believe he is on the Los Angeles Rams. But I don't follow basketball either.
Yes, I like the Denver Nuggets
Shelly Duvall starred in Time Bandits, a romance film. Do you like those type of movies?
Time Bandits would be considered a comedy and action film. Does that interest you?
You're very welcome.
Certainly. Michael Mann directed Public Enemies starring Marion Cotillard.
He directed The Manchurian Candidate, which is a thriller.
I hope you enjoy Collateral.
Frances Mayes is a great writer. Would you like to read some of her works?
She also wrote Bella Tuscany which was released in 1999.
Hope you enjoy it!
I do, she's talented. What's your favorite song of hers?
Did you know she was in Valentine's Day and the cartoon The Lorax?
Oh yea she is also in The Lorax too. She is one of my favorite actors.
I don't know much about them. Who are they coached by?
Oh, me too. He's a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like football?
She has written Shadowland and Night Star. Have you read these?
She's written several fantasy books in her series, such as Unforgivable Blackness and The Golden Compass. Would you like to know more?
You're welcome. Sue Grafton is also in the Young-adult fiction genre.
You're welcome
I think he is one of the best players on the Colombia national football team.
Do you know of any football teams?
I don't follow football closely, but I do know Radamel Falcao is from Bogota.
Yes, it is an adventure movie. It is a teen movie and drama. Do you like it because it is a drama movie?
It's a fiction. Do you like that genre?
There's Bram Stoker's Dracula, released in 1989.
Would you like a recommendation for other Drama movies?
You're welcome.
He is an American novelist, critic, public speaker, essayist, and columnist. He writes in several genres but is known best for science fiction. Have you read any of his books?
Yes, she did write quite a few books. Did you know she won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction?
I am not sure about that, but I can tell you that it is a book and movie.
Yes Milan Kundera wrote Zert.
Its a suspense. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum wrote The Scarlatti Inheritance. anything else i can do for you?
The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum starred in The Bourne Identity. what else can i answer for you?
They are both great actors starring Matt Damon and Josh Hamilton. Do you like them?
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit one of my favorite movies. If you haven't read it I'd highly recommend it.
She wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption. Have you read any of these?
She wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption. Have you read any of these?
James Mangold directed Walk The Line, a biography. He also directed Girl Interrupted, and Kate & Leopold. Do any of them sound interesting to you?
Yes, she was, and Noel Gugliemi was also in that movie. Have you seen it?
I'm so sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Johnny Cash won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Original Score.
She also has some good Romance films as well. Two of my favorites are Walk the Line and What's Eating Gilbert Grape and I Am Number Four.
No problem, enjoy!
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like to see more of his works?
World Without End is another book written by the same author.
Well it's a fiction book, I think you will like it.
Sure! Jason Cope starred in District 9 and Dredd. Want to know more?
Spud is a action and adventure film
Yes, he does
Tom Cruise starred in that movie
Yes, he directed Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. Great movie!
The Return of a Man Called Horse is a 1946 American fantasy film directed by Irwin Kreshner, do you enjoy that genre?
You're welcome.
He starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys.
Peter Mensah and Eva Green are in that movie as well as The Other Guys.
The Other Guys was released in 1994
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure. She was in The Civil War and Levity, both great movies.
That's right. Ned Bellamy directed The Green Mile which was directed by Frank Darabont who also directed The Green Mile.
Yes he is. He was also in The Green Mile if you haven't seen that movie before
You're very welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Blood Diamond is a 1998 American crime drama film directed by Ron Howard.
Do you like the New York Yankees?
Yeah, he's very good. He was also in The Aviator and The Aviator. Have you seen either of those?
I hope that you enjoy the movie! Do you have a favorite one?
He did! James Cameron also starred in True Lies as well.
You're welcome.
Yes. 50/50 is a Romance movie. A similar movie to 50/50 is the movie Shopgirl. Would you like another recommendation?
Well, I can recommend a movie similar to 50/50 also, the movie Lost, which is an action film.
Sure, Vanessa Fertio starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and Gone with the Wind.
My pleasure. Please let me know if there is anything else I can do
Yes. They are in the NBA and owned by Jay-Z.
They are. They are in the NFC South division. Are you a basketball fan?
I haven't seen it yet. Do you know who it is?
Yes, I do. She is a very talented author. Have you read The Little House Collection?
The Long Winter is a novel written by Laura Ingalls Wilder and was released in 1953.
If you like historical fiction, you'll like Wilder Napalm and The Other Boleyn Girl.
Sure thing. I'll add these books to your reading list.
He wrote Thunderstruck
I haven't heard of it yet, but I will check it out
If you like that, you might enjoy The Crucible by Erik Larson.
It also stars Matthew McConaughey.
That is written by Dave Pelzer.
It is a romance novel written by Dave Pelzer
Brad Garrett starred in Underdog ,The Pacifier,The Country Bears and The Clockwork Girl among other movies
Jim Belushi also starred in The Mists of Avalon, which is a thriller.
The Pacifier was released in 2003!
You're very welcome!
It's a comedy starring Meryl Streep and Emily Blunt.
David McRaney and Anne Hathaway
The Dark Knight Rises is a great one.
The movie was directed by Lauren Oliver.
It was released in 2011
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Sure, Jenniferlopez starred in True Romance and The Wild Life.
James Rodriguez is a Colombian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich and is the captain of the Colombia national team. He is currently playing for FC Bayern Munich and the Colombia national team.
Yes they are. He plays midfielder.
I think he's only played as a Midfielder.
No, I do not have that information but I can tell you that Falcoa was from Columbia.
Will Smith of course! That was a good movie.
Great movie starring Yeardley Smith and produced by James Brooks who also produced Riding in Cars with Boys.
That one stars Danny DeVito and Jack Nicholson, and is a drama. Do you like these genres?
It was released in 1999 as Good as It Gets
Wonderful, enjoy
That the team is owned by Wayne Weaver. Does that ring a bell?
I'm not sure who owns the team. I know Tyron Brackenridge is the owner of the National Football League.
Yes, I like football. What about yours?
She plays badminton and I loved watching the 2012 Olympics. That is about all she plays.
She was actually in the 2012 Summer Olympics. That was a great year for her!
I like tennis and Lupe Ontiveros.
He was born in London. He was also in the Water for Elephants.
You're welcome!
Sure, he wrote Two By Two, True Believer and Three Weeks with my Brother.
It was released in 2016 and is in English.
He also wrote True Believer, Three Weeks with My Brother.
Yes, he was. It was directed by David Levithan.
He is a famous author and a musician as well.
Thank you.
Pulp Fiction was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
There is. It's based on the sequel. It's CHildren's Literature.
Yes she is. She was also in Pulp Fiction as well.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sin City was directed by Robert Rodriguez. He also directed El Mariachi and Grindhouse. Have you seen any of those?
Sin City is a crime fiction film, are you a fan of this genre?
Gentlemen Broncos starred Charlize Theron, Michael McKean and Anthony Hopkins to name a few.
No problem!
Yes, it was written by Khaled Hosseini and David Benhioff.
Yes, it was actually made into a movie starring Kite Runner.
The Kite Runner is a romance/action film. Khaled Hosseini starred in it as well.
Of course, enjoy!
Christina Lamb was influenced by George Orwell. It's a drama, do you like drama?
Yes, he did. That's a good one. He also wrote She's Come Undone, which is a thriller.
I'm not sure about that. Are you a fan of theaters?
Sure! J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Where The Wild Things Are. Have you read those?
I'm not sure but the story is a fiction.
It is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Are you interested in reading it?
It was released in 1925.
You might like Fantastic Mr. Fox or The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. They are both dramas.
It is written by Jonathan Kellerman.
It was released in 1925. Would you like to know anything else?
I think you might enjoy it because it stars Micky Ward, Mark Wahlberg and Melissa McMeekin. You should check it out.
Jane Eyre is a fiction work written by Michael Mason. Do you like Romance novels?
Of course. She also wrote The Professor, Shirley and Villette.
Villette is a Speculative Fiction. Like Zoe's Tale and Xenocide.
Enjoy!
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her books?
Sarah Dessen also wrote What Happened to Goodbye and The Truth About Forever.
This Lullabye is a children's literature.
Yes, he wrote The Amazing Spider Man and The Amazing Spider Man 2. Have you seen these?
Yes, Steve Kloves also wrote The Amazing Spider-Man.
This movie stars Steve Kloves, Jesse Eisenberg, and Daniel Radcliffe to name a few.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I think he is a great songwriter.
South Africa is a great sport, and a great team.
not really. I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
Baz Luhrmann directed The Great Gatsby and Moulin Rouge.
It starred Leonardo DiCaprio, did you know it was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald?
Glad I could help
Enjoy your movie
Yes I do. Did you know it was written by Meg Cabot?
I would recommend What's Eating Gilbert Grape and The Wolfman. They're both wonderful.
The Princess and the Frog is such a touching movie! I haven't seen that one yet.
Yes, the movie is dark and sad. I like that movie too.
Yes, The Call of the Wild is written by Jack London. It's a historical fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
White Fang and World Without End are both fiction books.
Its a great book. If you like fiction I recommend To Build a Fire.
Beautiful Disaster is a novel written by Jamie McGuire and released in 2011. Are you looking for a particular genre?
I will have to check it out. Did you know that was also written by Jamie McGuire?
I think you'll enjoy it. If you enjoy Beautiful Sacrifice, I think you'll really enjoy it!
No problem, enjoy.
Have a great day.
I believe she starred in X-Men: First Class. She also acted in Winter's Bone
Yes, Robert De Niro starred in the movie
Sure, it is a comedy and is produced by Jon Krakauer
You're welcome
They're doing okay in the NFC West. Third in rank I think. Not really a fan.
My team is the Bears. Are you a Bears fan?
Yes they were runner ups in Super Bowl XLVII right?
Beloved was written by Toni Morrison. The Bluest Eye is also on of Morrisons books you may enjoy.
Ok then you might also like The Gathering Storm which is also historical fiction.
That movie stars Jenna Boyd, Clint Eastwood and Liam Neeson.
I love her music! Did you know she is very talented?
I believe it is. I only know that she is a singer, but I do not know much about her as an actor.
I like that movie too! I also like Nicolas Sparks movies like The Last Song.
It was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Sparks in particular, or do you want a romantic novel?
I don't have any other information on them, but if you are interested in more books by Nicholas Sparks, I can recommend One.
The Notebook was made into a movie. I've seen the movie version now.
You are welcome.
Sure. Jean-Marc Vallée starred in The Young Lion, The Witch of Blackbird Pond, and The BFG.
Well, it's a war film and a drama. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes, it's about a Queen.
It's starring Richard E. Grant and Oliver Platt.
Okay, I'll have to check that out
Sure, have you see Wildwood Dancing or The Mask?
Done
Sure, do you like Vin Diesel?
I'm not sure but they were directed by Gary Scott Thompson
Fast and the Furious is starring Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, and Fast and Furious
You're welcome
I could recommend a similar movie, World War Z: An Oral History of the Zombie Wars, or The Last Samurai.
State of the Union is a similar movie to World War Z.
I have not watched that movie. But I heard it was good. I am a fan of its creator, Frank Miller. Have you seen it?
He also starred in the movie X-Men Apocalypse and Wedding Belles.
I can't seem to find any other movies he was in but I can list out the ones he was in if you'd like?
What is your favorite genre?
Kurt Vonnegut Jr. is the author of Cat's Cradle.
I'm sorry, I don't have any more recommendations for that genre.
Yes. It's an autobiography released in 1968.
You're welcome!
Kyrie Living is an athlete
I didn't know that. I only know a little about him. He's a great player.
Wow! I didn't know that!
Yes I do he's a great singer and also do you like his music?
I do not have any information on any other songs by him. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes that is correct. I do know that she wrote a book called Selena.
They're okay, I'm more a fan of their former coach, Derek Fisher. Do you like them?
I didn't know that, did you know that?
Haha, I see. I do like the Philadelphia Eagles though.
Yes, he wrote American Pie and The Golden Compass. Have you seen either one of these?
It also starred Chris Weitz. He was also in Funny Girl.
Yes, it is. Would you like to know more about Warren Zide?
The Last Stand is a similar movie to The Day After Tomorrow.
I haven't seen it. I don't know if that's his forte, but I do know he's a good actor.
Oh yes. He is a good actor. I liked him in The Day After Tomorrow. Who's your favorite?
Oh, then I know he's starring in a lot of action movies. Under the Skin, I'm not a fan of that genre.
They are a really good basketball team, coached by Steve Kerr. Are you a fan?
Oh wow! That's a good one. I'm more of a baseball fan.
I didn't know Philidelphia Pinkett Smith played in the Men in Black II, right?
Oh, I didn't know that! That's interesting to know. I'll have to check it out!
Madame Bovary is a romance novel written by Gustave Flaubert.
Yes, it was released in 1856, which is the same year The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy was released.
Well, if you're interested in more of his books, you might like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
I'm glad to be of assistance.
Ara Celi has starred in American Beauty. Have you seen this movie?
It also was written by Alan Ball and also stars Sylvester Stallone.
Kevin Spacey wrote Beyond the Sea, have you seen that?
Yes she is pretty good. She lost to Serena Williams and Roger Federer. Do you like sports?
Of course, she's a pretty good athlete.
Good Deeds is a Romantic Comedy starring Jessica Lange.
Yes he directed The Storm and Thelma & Louise
Sorry, i dont have that information
Sure, All The Money in the World was released in 1973 and directed by Ridley Scott.
He was in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that?
Sure, enjoy the movies
I am not sure if Shakira has a new album, but she did write Snatch which is a romance film.
Cameron Diaz and Yvonne Zima both star in that movie.
It was the Whiting Writers' Award for Best Choreography.
I love James and the Giant Peach. Did you see it?
I do not have that information but if you like Coraline you might like Howl's Moving Castle. Have you seen it?
How about Stardust starring Neil Gaiman? It is also a thriller.
Wicked City is a speculative fiction novel written by John Hodgman. It is a speculative fiction novel.
Sure. Margaret Atwood has written many different books. Her most recent work is MaddAddam but she's also worked on a Graphic Novel by the name of Angel Catbird. What were you looking for?
Oh yes, he wrote Where the Red Fern Grows. Have you read it?
He also wrote Year One, have you read it?
It was released in 2005, have you read it?
Your welcome
you're welcome
Sure! Do you like The Notebook because it's romance?
Yes, he also wrote What's Up, Truly Madly Guilty and Two by Two.
Sure, you might enjoy The Notebook. It's a Romance novel as well.
I'm glad to help!
Sure. He wrote Moby Dick which was released in 1851. Have you read it?
That's right. It was more of a Gothic fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Glad to help
He's a great children's author. Some of his classics are Are You My Mother and Go, Dog, Go.
Yes, it is a children's literature, and was released in 1961.
Yes, Dr. Suess wrote Go, Dog, Go! It was released in 1960. There is also a film adaptation of it as well.
Sure, Bob Peck starred in Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow. Have you seen those?
Surviving Picasso is a Drama/Fantasy genre
Sure, some other actors starred in Surviving Picasso include Michael Fassbender, Elina Alminas, Helena Bonham Carter
I sure can. He wrote The Last Don, a suspense fiction book. I highly recommend it.
Yes, it is. It was made into a movie starring Al Pacino.
Sure thing! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Danny Boyle wrote 127 Hours and directed Trance, Trainspotting, The Beach and Sunshine. Do you like his movies?
Trance, Trainspotting is a great movie he was in.
Probably it's a drama with a bit of drama.
Brad Pitt starred in Troy (Epic Film) Did you know he also starred in Troy (Epic Film)?
There is no information about that
Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales are similar
Rosa Salazar and Lili Taylor were also in that movie
Ok sounds good
Captain America and Avengers are similar ones. Do you like such Action Fantasy movies?
He starred in Warriors, The Perfect Score, and The Nanny Diaries.
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy them!
Yes, I like soccer a lot. Did you know she won the 2012 PGA Championship?
Sure, Oldboy is a Thriller. Another example would be: Heist and Die Another Day
He wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke. Do you like his work?
Robin Jarvis wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke.
You're welcome.
Yes I can. He is the writer of Die Verwandlung.
It is a fiction book released in 1915. Do you like fiction?
I haven't seen it but I hear that it's a war film. Do you like war films?
I think Mike Colter starred in Take Chance. He also starred in X-Men 2. Have you seen that?
Yes, Linus Roache is in it as well.
Yeah, I think Dougray Scott also starred in it as well.
Glad I could help
Yes, it was written by Ian Fleming and Ian Fleming great writers.
Simón Andreu is the star.
It was released in 2005.
Yes, it was.
your welcome
Sure! Did you enjoy it because it was written by David Mitchell or because it stars Tom Hanks?
Aeon Flux is a great Sci-Fi film. Tom Tykwer also directed it.
Charlize Theron has been in Snow White and the Huntsman: Winter's War
You're welcome.
Charlize Theron starred in The Burning Plain, which is a comedy.
Taxi Driver is a Thriller. Are you into Thrillers?
Then you might also like Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels and Kill Bill.
Then you'll like Without a Trace. It is also a Drama and Crime Fiction
Okay great, enjoy!
Yes, that's a great movie. I haven't seen it, but I heard it's a Thriller.
Yes, he is very prolific. He wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is a thriller. Have you read it?
Gulliver's Travels are also some good ones, have you heard of that?
Sure, she wrote The Diary of a Young Girl. Do you like Biographies like that one?
Other books in the same genre include The Diary of a Young Girl and The Diary of a Young Girl.
Well it appears that it's related to the Diary of Anne Frank, who also wrote How to Win Friends and Influence People.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
That was a great movie! Do you like Star Wars, in general or some of the actors in it?
Scarlett Johansson starred in it, and she was also in Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith.
He was also in Hook Ya Crook, which is a really good movie.
Hope you enjoy it.
Chris Buck directed Surf's Up, a really cute Animated film.
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy the movie X-Men 2. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it.
Dan Brown wrote Angels & Demons, which is in the suspense genre.
Yes, he directed the movie This Means War and it was released in 1986. Have you seen them?
No, it is not a comedy film.
Haha. I don't know who starred in that movie, but he is a good actor.
I know that they're an NFC south team and i believe Lovey Smith is the coach
Yeah, I forgot about that. He used to be a linebacker though.
Agree! Seems like a lot of fun!
I do not follow soccer much, but I do know she is in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
I like hockey and baseball. What about you?
I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. What kind of sport do you like?
Sure, do you like Scream because it is a Horror or Thriller?
Yes. That's right. Would you like to watch it?
You're welcome.
Have a good day.
Lana Wachowski who wrote and directed The Matrix starred in The Matrix Revisited.
The movie stars Natalie Portman and Rupert Graves.
It is a romance/comedy film.
Yes, its written by Cornelia Funke and she also wrote Ink heart and Tintenblut. Do you like the writer or the genre of this book?
Anthea Bell also wrote Tintenherz. Would you like to know more?
Cinderella is a Romance novel.
It was written by Iain Canning and released in 2005. Is that the genre you are looking for?
Naomi Watts has starred in The Wash and Funny People. Have you seen either of these?
It was released in 2005 and is a historical period drama. The genre is children's literature.
You're welcome.
He wrote The Five Love Languages of Children. He is a singer-songwriter and an artist.
It's considered pop music and historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, she wrote, The Five Love Languages of Children, The Five Languages of Apology, and The 5 Languages of Appreciation in the Workplace.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information on him. But, he is a musician and a film producer.
Frank Capra wrote It's a Wonderful Life. It's a Wonderful Life is written by Philip Van Doren Stern. what else can i answer for you?
Sure, he is also a producer. He wrote It's a Wonderful Life
I think it was released in 1987
He also wrote She's the Man and It's a Wonderful Life
She appears in Un di Velt Hot Geshvign, you should check that one out.
I'm sorry I don't have that information
Great question! It was released in 1958.
Yes I do, have you read the book in English?
I'm sorry I don't have that information at the moment
The film stars Jennifer Lawrence, Bradley Cooper and Christian Bale. It's a crime drama.
It's a crime comedy.
Oh that's a great question...I don't have that information right now.
He wrote "The Boy in the Striped Pajamas" and "The Hiding Place."
You're welcome.
Washington Redskins sucks. did you know Dwight Schar owned this team
Do you like the Raiders?
I do not know much about tennis, but I do know that it is very popular in the states.
Sure! Do you like movies in the romance genre or the actors in it?
Sure Easy was written by Tammara Webber, Do you like her work?
Between the Lines is a good one. It's a romance novel that was released in 2012.
Sure! Tammara Webber wrote Easy and Breakable. Do you like like dramas?
Between the Lines was released in 2011. I hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome!
He directed Ocean's Eleven. Have you seen it?
Al Pacino, Mila Kunis, and Eddie Redmayne are some of the big names in the movie.
He also starred in The Right Stuff and The Amazing Spider Man.
No problem! Enjoy!
Alan Moore starred in Watchmen which is a fantasy film. He also directed V for Vendetta. Do you want a particular genre?
V for Vendetta was released in 2005. It is a science fiction/fantasy film that was released in 1994.
You're welcome.
Richard J. Dunn wrote Wuthering Heights. Is this something you think you will be interesting in reading?
Yes, it's genre is considered a classic.
Great! Hope you enjoy it.
Sure! It was written by Robert Jordan and is a fantasy novel. Do you like the Fantasy genre?
Of course, Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction, have you read those?
It was released in 2004 and the genre is historical fiction.
You might like Wildwood Dancing or Wildwood Dancing.
You're welcome.
Spirit Bound was written by Richelle Mead. This book has genre young-adult fiction and Urban fantasy. Do you like these genres?
Twilight is written by Richelle Mead.
Vampire Academy is listed under Science Fiction and Fantasy
You're welcome!
Charles Dickens is a great author. He wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop, have you read those?
Yes, Leo wrote that as well. One of my favorites is Leo Tolstoy.
Yes, it is a historical period drama.
Yes, that is correct. Do you want me to add it to your list?
Great, have a wonderful day.
Yes, Peter Segal directed The Longest Yard, Nutty Professor II: The Klumps, Naked Gun 33 1/3: The Final Insult, and My Fellow Americans to name a few. Is there anything else I can help with?
That's correct! He was well-known for his role in The Longest Yard.
I'm not sure, but I know Adam Sandler was in 50 First Dates along with Adam Sandler.
Hello, yes Albus wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
She also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
It fits into two genres, it is fiction and children's literature.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them are two works of art written by him.
Fantastic Beasts was released in 2001 and is a Fiction Romance film.
Yes. If you are into speculative fiction you should check out I can recommend The Time Traveler's Wife.
Michael O'Neill starred in Transformers and Traffic.
Traffic is a drama/ crime movie released in 1999.
Have you seen Slaughterhouse-Five?
You're welcome!
He plays for a Spain national football team. Do you like soccer?
I am more of a fan of the Spanish national team. What sport do you like?
Wasn't he also on the Spain national football team?
Also similar to The Hangover Part II is Meet the Fockers and Welcome to Mooseport.
It was released in 2004.
You are welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, Woody Allen wrote it. Do you like his movieS?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romance films?
I like murder mystery, too.
That is also a Romance film as well.
Mansfield Park was written by Tony Tanner, do you like his books or would you prefer something in the same genre, romance?
Persuasion is written by Christopher Paolini.
Persuasion was released in 1817.
I have never heard about it but relating to what I have seen it is written by Michael Markowitz and a crime fiction Comedy what seems to be interesting!
I'm not sure about that, but I know she starred in Wings of Desire.
That is a great movie, too. Kevin Spacey also starred in it as well.
He is a swiss professional tennis player. He played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
I watch a lot about tennis, but I am not a fan of the sport. Do you?
No, I don't watch tennis much, but I do enjoy watching a match from time to time.
Sure! Cornelia Funke wrote Inkheart which is a Fantasy book. Do you enjoy the genre Fantasy?
The Sword in the Stone and The Looking Glass Wars are two other family novels
I haven't read any of them but I do know that Cornelia Funke wrote The Giving Tree and A Light In The Attic.
Im not sure about him, biut Gary Mottola directed Adventureland starring Martin Star - its an adventure film
The River is a drama thriller. Do you like thrillers?
X-Men and World Without End are both thrillers. Have you seen them?
Enjoy!
Shawn Levy directed Real Steel. Real Steel is starring Hugh Jackman. what else can i do for you?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However if you like that one you should check out The Big Lebowski.
I don't have that information, but I know Evangeline Lilly produced Real Steel.
Did you like it because it was starring Sean Connery or because it is a Crime Fiction?
If you like Crime Fiction you may want to check out Zodiac or Yesterday Was A Lie. Both of those are Crime Fiction movies.
No problem, enjoy
The Burning plain is a good one and stars Johnny Depp
He and his brother, John Rooney, both play soccer, right?
Yes they do
Well Alice Walker wrote The Temple of My Familiar, which is a historical fiction. Do you like the genre?
He wrote The Temple of My Familiar, and The Portable Atheist.
Can I help you with anything else?
He is the player in Barcelona?
No I didn't know that. What genre do you like?
Nice! I think he is a very good player. Do you follow soccer?
Yes I think he was a midfielder as well.
Yes I do. It was written by Patrick Rothfuss great author.
Ok, you should read The Wise Man's Fear.
It's a fantasy novel.
Your welcome
I know that it was written by Kiera Cass and released in 2013. Are you familiar with her work?
The Siren has genre Thriller. Is that a genre you enjoy?
Kiera Cass also wrote The Guard. That is a film if you haven't seen it.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
His genre is music. If you want to hear more of Kiera Cass' music, you should check out The Giver.
That movie stars Justin Timberlake. Do you like his movies?
There is The Other Guys starring Jesse Eisenberg.
It was released in 2010 and directed by Aaron Sorkin.
You're welcome
Yes, it was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. You might like The Man in the Iron Mask or Rob Roy.
The genre is Treasure Island and was released in 1882.
Great. I think you'll enjoy it.
If you want another book written by Robert Louis Stevenson, you should check out Edmund Hillary's works.
I did not, but I saw it. It was written by Stieg Larsson.
He is also in Fight Club, have you seen it?
That is correct.
You are welcome.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit one. It is a story about a race horse. Do you like horses?
She also wrote Seabiscuit.
It was released in 2008.
You're welcome
Sure, Do you like the movie Aladdin because it is a family film?
Sure. You might also like The Princess and the Frog or Treasure Planet.
It came out in 2013. It's also popular in the Children's Literature genre.
You're welcome!
Hemingway also wrote To Have and Have Not, And he also wrote, In our Time.
There are so many! A Farewell to Arms is one of my favorites!
That book was released in 1950, the same year as The Light Between Oceans.
You're welcome!
You're welcome.
I know he is a quarterback from Texas other than that...
Well, from what I've heard, he's a pretty good athlete. Who is your favorite player?
Yeah, I like him a lot. I liked him in the movie Field of Dreams. Did you see that movie?
Isn't that an action movie?
Could you recommend anything by Maurice Sendak?
I don't have any information on that movie, but I can tell you that he directed a book called Beloved. It is a book that was released in 2002.
It is a Historical novel if you like that genre.
A Grief Observed is written by C.S. Lewis.
It was released in 1945
That's a great book! He also wrote Till We Have Faces, which is a great book!
Will do!
certainly! Mr. Copley is a South African actor knows for roles in such films as The A-Team and Maleficent.
Yes, they are owned by The Madison Square Garden Company. Are you a fan?
Oh yeah, and I forgot about that. Did you watch any other sports besides basketball?
It is a great sport and also a good team, Mike Woodson, do you like any other players?
He wrote Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil, which was turned into a film.
Well, it was released in 1997.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Great! Glad I could help.
Are you a fan of the author John Pogue?
He also wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
He sure did! He also wrote Paper Towns, which is a historical novel.
You're welcome.
I think he is a good soccer player, did you know he plays for the Germany National Football team?
Wow! I didn't know that. Is he a German football player?
It's impossible to keep up with anything else that i can help with.
I would have to agree with you on that. He is quite good as well.
Gore Verbinski directed Rango starring Johnny Depp. Do you like Johnny Depp movies?
Well, then you might enjoy The Mexican if you like that genre.
You're welcome!
It was written by Christopher Nolan and directed by Christopher Nolan. He also wrote The Dark Knight Rises.
The Prestige is a horror film.
I am not sure if they have produced any other dramas.
Memento stars Ethan Hawke and Hugh Jackman
Of course! He starred in The Tenant of Wildfell Hall and The Old Curiosity Shop.
Enjoy!
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a popular one by L. Frank Baum.
Yes, it is considered a fantasy as well.
Some other books in the Fantasy genre include The Looking Glass Wars, The Golden Compass and the Harry Potter books.
Yes, she did. Are you interested in any other books by her?
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books. These are the only ones I can find.
You're welcome!
Cate Blanchett is the latest movie but I think it was released in 2017.
The Holiday was released in 2005.
It is a romance-thriller.
Winter's Tale is a good thriller.
yes she is in that movie as well.
WALLE is a great children's movie. It stars Ajay Naidu and Aasif Mandvi.
SALLE is a great Sci-Fi movie. You might like X-Men: The Last Stand.
The last stand is X-Men movie released in 2016 and stars Hugh Jackman.
Yes. The Union is a great movie. It stars Ben Stiller and Hugh Jackman.
Jason Bateman stars in Wolverine. You should check it out!
Yes- the union was released in 2008.
It was written by Sarah Dessen and is young adult fiction genre, Have you read any of her works?
Other books similar to this one include What Happened to Goodbye and The Truth About Forever.
Of course, some other young adult fiction books you might like are What My Mother Doesn't Know and Walk Two Moons.
Well, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
It's considered children's literature but is also considered children's literature.
It was written by Katherine Paterson. It's considered children's literature.
I have not seen it but what do you know about Ocean's Twelve: the genre or the actors?
There are several stars in Ocean's Twelve: Ocean's Twelve: Ocean's Twelve: Ocean's Twelve: Ocean's Eleven. Ocean's Eleven is written by George Nolfi.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Robert Lewandowski is an American professional footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich and is the captain of the Poland national team.
I am a huge fan. I like football. What about you?
SC Freiburg is a great team. Is there anything else I can help with?
He has starred in several movies such as Nixon and Mr. 3000.
Are you referring to Jack Thorne who is a screenwriter?
It is considered children's literature. He was born in London as well.
Yes, he's a screenwriter as well. He had a role in the movie Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
Sure, I'll add them to your list.
Snow Flower
It's a fiction novel released in 2005.
I'm sorry I don't know about it, but I do know that it was released in 2014 and is an English language book.
Anytime!
Do you like movies produced by Quentin Tarantino?
So you must enjoy action films. Perhaps you would also like Hobo with a Shotgun
It stars Rupert Everett and it is a Crime Thriller.
Sure, this book is written by Stieg Larsson and was released in 2006.
Syeig Larsson wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes.
Yes it was released in 2005 and is in English.
You are welcome.
Enjoy your book!
I sure do, he starred in Thriller Film Wicked, Tusk, The Assassination of Jesse Jame, Rainbow and many more. What kind of movie do you like?
Wicked is a Thriller and also starred Jessica Pare. The movie is considered a thriller.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome. Have a good day!
Certainly, Ken Kesey wrote that book. One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, is a drama. Do you enjoy those?
Oh, I recommend that you read it! It's a very good book.
Great, enjoy!
He is an excellent basketball player, a point guard, and a point guard.
I don't know anything about him, other than he's a basketball player. I do like Space Jam.
Yea, he was amazing. My kids loved Ghostbusters.
Yes he did. Dan Aykroyd was the writer of the movie.
Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls written by John Pogue have you seen it?
Yes, Vin Diesel stars in The Fast and the Furious and is written by Gary Scott Thompson
That's a great film. J.J. Abrams also starred in A Man Apart.
No problem!
He's written Travels with Charley: In Search of America, Tortilla Flat, The Winter of our Discontent and many more. Have you read any of these?
I do! He's a great singer, song writer and actress. What do you think?
Yes he did
Yes it is. It is a great drama and family film.
Do you like them because they are in the National Football League?
I'm not a big fan but if I'm watching the Patriots game, you should definitely watch it anyway.
I would recommend X-Men 2. That's a good action thriller as well.
Not sure, but it is written by Paula McLain who also wrote Circling the Sun. Have you read them?
You're correct. Circling the Sun was released in 2015, and it's in the English language.
You're welcome.
You're welcome!
That depends, do you like thrillers or mysteries?
Eraserhead is starring Christopher Hitchens. what else can i answer for you?
its a thriller and drama. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
The Fault in Our Stars is a popular one that he directed.
Yes, the stars are Shailene Woodley and Sam Trammell. Have you seen it?
It's a young-adult fiction.
You're welcome!
Hotel Rwanda is starring Terry George who also starred in Hart's War
It was written by Nelson DeMille who also wrote Walk to Freedom.
Yes it is. It's a war film and was directed by Roland Emmerich.
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
Sure! Tammara Webber wrote Easy and Breakable. Do you like like drama or crime fiction better?
It was released in 2011. Do you like Romance Novels?
2011 was also the year that released Z: A Novel of Zelda Fitzgerald.
Sure, The Phantom Tollbooth was written by Norton Juster. Have you heard of him?
Sure, Peter Cushing starred in The Man in the Iron Mask and Tales from the Crypt as well as many others. Would you like to know more?
Ok have you seen Twins of Evil also starring Celia Ahern and it's a drama film.
Robert Zemeckis wrote that. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Great I hope you enjoy it!
Peter Gallagher starred in The O.C. which also starred Tate Donovan. Did you like the genre of this movie?
While You Were Sleeping stars Sandra Bullock and Bill Pullman, among others.
Collateral Damage is written by Richard Dawkins. It's a comedy/crime film and was released in 1995.
Great, enjoy!
He starred in The Thomas Crown Affair and The Running Man. They are both fantasy films.
I believe it is, a crime movie is also a war film.
Some other action movies you might like are World War Z and Cloverfield
You are welcome. Enjoy!
I know that she is a writer and a film producer. One of my favorite movies is Crescendo.
Have you read Dreamland? It is also a Young Adult Fiction novel.
Crescendo is a film that was released in 1999.
Enjoy!
It was written by Jeannette Walls.
She is also a writer of the book Three Cups of Tea
It is a memoir and was released in 2005
Okay, enjoy!
Yes, John Carpenter directed The Fault in Our Stars, which is starring Will Smith and John Carpenter.
You're correct. Escape from New York is a Crime Fiction film. Do you like Crime Fiction?
Yes, you are correct. He had a starring in that one. The only one I know is The Grinch. It's a horror film.
Rhonda Byrne wrote the Secret, the power, the magic
My apologies. I do not have any similar authors but I do know that it was adapted into a film.
He wrote The Secret, which was released in 2008.
He starred in Your Friend the Rat, Warriors of the 21st Century and WALL-E. Are you interested in any of those?
Your Friend the Rat stars Patton Oswalt as Remy, the rat.
Your Friend the Rat is a Rat movie and it is a animated film.
You're welcome
I've never read it, but I know it was written by Maurice Sendak.
The BFG is a family friendly film and it was produced by the same guy.
Enjoy!
Still Alice is written by Still Alice. It's in the genre of fantasy. Do you like that genre?
Did you know that he is also a musician?
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Could I add that to your list?
Sure! He wrote the books, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time, The Red House and a A Spot of Bother. The first book has a genre Mystery.
Yes, they were. The Red House wasadapted into a film. Have you seen it?
Yes he did, The Messenger was a drama and action film. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Sure. He wrote Here Comes the Boom and Zookeeper. Is there a certain genre your looking for?
Kevin James also starred in Zookeeper. That's a romantic comedy.
I'm not sure about that, but Kevin James also directed Zoolander.
Yes, Once Upon a Time in the West was wrote by the same man.
Witches Abroad and Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels are similar.
I don't know who stars in Nightcrawler. I do know that he is a musician but a director with a good cast.
I hope you enjoy it!
I know a little about him. He's a quarterback for the Packers. Do you like him?
It was released in 2003
Casper Van Dien, and Michael York where the main stars in the movie.
You're welcome.
It is a great movie starring Tom Hanks.
I think you'd like The Alamo, which is also written by Michael Lewis. The movie is based on Drama.
Moneyball is produced by Steven Soderbergh. It's in the drama genre.
Yes its written by Cassandra Clare.
The Iron Trial, The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass, The Iron Trial, Clockwork Princess and more. Have you read any of these books?
Sure, the first in the series is Clockwork Angel and Shadowhunter's Codex was released in 2013.
You are welcome.
Yes, he directed Children of Men which was released in 1982. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did and that was released in 1999.
I believe it was a drama.
You're welcome!
I'm a little familiar with that book by C.S.Lewis. Would you like me to recommend others?
He also wrote Till We Have Faces, The Silver Chair and The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.
You're welcome.
He wrote Yellow Submarine. I love that song!
Oh yes, he is very talented. I loved when he was with the Beatles.
I have never heard of him. Is he on the team?
Do you know if he played or not?
Laurie Halse Anderson is an American writer, known for children's and young adult novels. She received the Margaret A. Edwards Award from the American Library Association in 2010 for her contribution to young adult literature
Wintergirls is a Crime Fiction. It was released in 1999.
Sure, enjoy the book!
Yes, I do! Are you a fan of Rihanna's music?
Oh, that's great. Did you know that she has a romatic relationship with Chris Brown?
It is a great movie. Battleship is a horror film.
He starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like romance films?
I'm not sure. He was in Wilde and Valkyrie. Do you like comedies?
The movie is based on the work of Edgar Allan Poe.
Enjoy!
It is written by Suzanne Collins and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like this author?
I have a couple good ones called Xenocide and World Without End. I would suggest those.
Yes. It is a Fantasy/Comedy/Drama.
Yes, he is a man of many things. He wrote Little Miss Sunshine starring Paul Dano.
Yes, he did. He is very talented. He directed a number of films like Little Miss Sunshine.
No, I don't believe that. William Atherton is also in the film. You should check it out.
I am not familiar with her but I know she has a film called Little Miss Sunshine that is a historical period drama.
You're welcome, enjoy!
True Believer is a book written by Nicholas Sparks. It was released in 1595. Do you like books by Sparks?
Nicholas Sparks also wrote The Wedding. Have you read that one?
Yes, it was also a film written by Nicholas Sparks. I am going to add it to your list.
How about The Wedding? I heard this one was a good one.
The Matrix Revolution was directed by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
I'm not sure, but I know Keanu Reeves starred in The Matrix Revolutions.
He was also in "Predators" and "Mystic River." Would you like to see one of those?
He has starred in The Proposal, which is a thriller.
Tim Robbins was the director of Mystic River.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he directed The Mechanic.
Yes, I like that movie too. Did you know William Hurt starred in it?
X-Men 2 is another great one.
You're welcome
I'll add it now.
The Light Between Oceans is one book.
No, I haven't. What genre are you looking for?
Sure, he also directed and produced The Good Dinosaur which was released in 2012.
Great! You're welcome.
Yes, she wrote Rebecca and My Cousin Rachel.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But I know it was filmed in English.
It came out in 1937.
You're welcome.
They are a strong team in the NFL. Their coach Mike McCarthy is really talented. I wonder if they will make the Super Bowl this year.
If you like that, you might want to visit Lambeau Field some day. It is pretty cool.
i have heard of him. do you like any other sports ?
I don't really know much about him, just that he's a quarterback for the Saints. Do you like him?
That is true, they were the runner ups in Super Bowl XLVII
Yes, I am! I enjoy watching him in Friends with Benefits. Did you see that?
It's a romantic comedy. If you like romantic comedies, you might also enjoy Friends with Benefits.
Sure, I'll have to check it out, thanks for the recommendation!
I really like when she and Seth Meyers (Late Night with Seth Meyers) went day drinking? Have you seen that clip?
American Idol has genre Music and I love music so I watched the movie.
I don't remember. I wish I could have to agree with you.
Oh yes, I love that one. She is a doll in the movie as well.
I can recommend a couple of movies similar to Rudy, including Hoosiers. Have you seen that one?
Sure. The Watcher was written by Joseph Sikora and also stars Thomas Lennon and James Cannon. It is a thriller, do you like this genre?
You're right, he did star in The Curse of the Jade Scorpion
You're welcome!
She wrote Little Lord Fauntleroy. Have you read that one?
Donald Sutherland, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone, Dr. Seuss all write. Are you interested in any of these?
Can I help you with anything else?
Station Eleven is written by St. John Mandel in 2014. I don't have information on it's genre but I do know that it was released the same year as Wicked.
Toni Morrison wrote the book turned Movie Beloved.
Romance Novels
You might like Xenocide or Wyrd Sisters
Enter's Game was written by Quentin Tarantino
No problem
Downfalls in the genre of War. Do you like War films?
Michael Caine and Ben Stiller. Two of the best stars in this movie.
You're welcome!
Andrew Stanton directed Finding Nemo. Finding Nemo is a family genre.
Yes, Jeff Garlin also starred in The Wraith. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Jeff Garlin was in the Animation too. He also starred in Toy Story 3.
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you want to see more of his works?
Well, if you like The Great Gatsby, you will love The Crucible. Have you read that?
That's a great choice. It's a drama and is also a play written by Roland Emmerich.
You are welcome!
He's a great actor. He starred in Playing for Keeps and Olympus has Fallen.
It's a Romance film. Did you know it was also turned into a movie?
It was released in 1999.
Sure. Playing for Keeps.
I never watch that movie, but I know it was written by Martin McDonagh, what do you know about it?
It also stars Anne Hathaway and Huey Lewis.
Yes, he did and that was also a great movie.
You're welcome.
Sure, he directed the comedy American Pie as well as The Golden Compass.
He also directed the comedy American Pie as well as The Golden Compass.
I love that one. Christopher Weitz is also in it, he stars in it as well.
Sure, he directed The One Minute Manager and The Spirit. Have you seen either of those?
I would. That's a great children's book. It was written by James Dashner. Have you read it?
Yes, she wrote The Nightingale, which is a Mystery. And The Nightingale is also a film.
It is written by Matt Damon and was released in 1999.
I think he is a good tennis player but I like Andy Murray better.
I think you may like him as an actor as well. He starred in The Expendables 2.
You're welcome.
I definitely recommend Die Hard with a Vengeance, starring Bruce Willis.
Yes, he also wrote A Good Day to Die Hard. Have you seen it?
Of course, it is a Romance movie, was released in 2000.
Yes he did and it was released in 1957.
Yes, The Sneetches and Other Stories is also a children's literature written by Theodore Lesieg as well.
Glad to help!
It starred J.K. Simmons and Melissa Benoist. JK won an Oscar for his role.
She is also in The Longest Ride and The Longest Ride.
If you like Melissa Benoist, you might also like her in The Longest Ride.
Yes, it is a romance/comedy film that was released in 1971.
Yes, I have seen Faster and Men of Honor! I think I have seen that one.
You're welcome
I do enjoy the Lakers. They are a professional basketball team based in Los Angeles, California. My favorite team is the Lakers.
I always enjoyed Laker. My favorite team is the Lakers. Have you seen them play?
Oh wow, I agree. I would definitely watch this season.
She wrote books in a language I cannot translate.
I do not have that information but I do know he wrote books in a language I cannot translate.
Excellent, have a great day!
Sure! Do you like The Notebook because it's romance?
Have you read Post-Apocalyptic fiction?
I'm sorry, I don't have the information for that.
No problem!
Washington Redskins sucks. did you know Dwight Schar owned this team
I don't know much about him, but I do know that he is a good player as well.
Oh wow! That's a good one. I didn't know that. What sport do you like?
He wrote Wild
She has also written Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life from Dear Sugar. Does that sound interesting to you?
Your welcome.
Sure, it is written by the great by J.K. Rowling. What can I tell you about it?
I recommend The Cuckoo's Calling and The Silkworm.
It is a fantasy novel. Are you interested in those types of books?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I liked him in The Matrix Revolutions and The Human Stain. Do you like him?
Yes it is. It is the same show as The Mask. Have you seen it?
Yes it is. Do you like it because it is a Crime Fiction?
That book was written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote Little House on the Prairie
Yes, some books similar to Little House on the Prairie are Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger and Afterlife.
Yes indeed. You should give them a try.
Venus Williams is an American professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 40 in the WTA singles rankings.
I didn't know that. What is that about?
I didn't know that. But, I remember that Venus has lost to Venus as well.
I don't think so but it was written by Dan Brown. Would you like me to list more of his books?
That is a really good movie written by Ron Howard. Would you like to know more about Tom Hanks?
Yes, he did. Ron Howard also wrote The Da Vinci Code and The Inferno.
He directed The Da Vinci Code and Inferno.
I recommend The Da Vinci Code and The Lost Symbol. Both are excellent dramas.
Enjoy
Yes, X-Men: First Class is one of my favorite movies.
It's a Thriller.
You might like Revolutionary Road or X-Men: First Class.
Yes, I like Robert Downey Jr., he starred in X-Men: First Class. I think you'll enjoy it!
He wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented and other books.
It is a Feminist perspective
He also wrote A Pure Woman Faithfully in 1891
Rick Yancey wrote The Monstrumologist,The Last Star, The Infinite Sea.Are you interested in Young-adult fiction?
He has written Seven Pounds, Their Eyes Were Watching God and Something Borrowed.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn, what do you like about it?
I would recommend Zoolander 2 and Anything else I can help you with.
I agree. I think you'll enjoy them.
It's a great drama. Do you like it because of its writer or because it's genre?
Ok, then I recommend World Without End, Wolf Brother or Wildwood Dancing.
The Untouchables is starring Bruce Willis and is a Romance movie.
You're welcome.
Did you know that that was written by Nicholas Sparks?
Two By Two is written by Nicholas Sparks.
Well, That is a good one.
I don't really know much about them except they're a K-pop boy band. Do you like them?
I have Inkhheart and Tintenherz. Would you like those?
Inkheart is a fantasy movie. You might like Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Enjoy!
Did you enjoy it because it was a comedy?
It was written by Robert C. O'Brien and stars Sam Elliott.
Your welcome
Hello, yes Albus wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
The book has a genre of Speculative fiction and Historical fiction. Do you like those genres?
I'm always happy to help!
I know she starred in Hook Ya Crook
That is true, do you like soccer?
He starred in Hook Ya Crook, which is a romantic comedy.
Sure. Tracy Chevalier wrote the black comedy book Falling Angels. Does that sound interesting to you?
I believe it was published in 1996.
You are welcome.
Do you like the author Roald Dahl?
There are so many! The BFG is more of a children's literature that you might enjoy.
I don't see any information on that, but I can find some other books by Quentin Blake.
Enjoy!
Yes, they are. Are you a soccer fan?
I love his writing! He wrote The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes, The Complete Sherlock Holmes, and The Return of Sherlock Holmes. Do you enjoy detective or mystery type novels and movies?
Yes, do you like this movie because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Sure, he also starred in Cotthroat Island and The Wolverine. Do you like animation films?
Yes, Stan Lee also starred in Iron Man 3 and also he starred in The Incredible Hulk.
Absolutely, have a great day.
This movie is written by Diana Wynne Jones, and stars Christian Bale. Are you interested in young adult fiction?
Jon Favreau wrote Made, starring Faizon Love, and Jonathan Silverman
He directed The Wolfman and Jurassic Park III right?
They are great. Then you might also like World War Z and Cloverfield. Have you seen them?
Yes he did. He starred in The Perfect Score.
I hope you like it!
Sure, did you like Sharp Objects because it was written by Gillian Flynn, or because it was the genre Suspense/Mystery?
She also wrote Sharp Objects and Dark Places.
I believe it was. It was released in 2010 and is a mystery novel.
It was released in 2015.
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works
Cold Blood is a Drama and Crime Fiction. It is also a film.
Michael Bay is the producer of Transformers and also did Mystery Men and I Am Number Four. Did you like that one?
It's a great movie! It stars Robin Williams, William Hurt and William Hurt.
It was directed by Steven Spielberg. Are you a Spielberg fan?
You're welcome.
I can't think of any of his books. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, it's a vampire series.
You're right. Do you like her books?
You're welcome!
Sure, he directed Seven Psychopaths. Gabourey Sidibe starred in it.
It is a psychological thriller that was released in 2013
You're welcome
Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995. Do you like the book because of its story line?
Its a drama that was released in 1999.
You're Welcome!
Enjoy!
Yea, Rickie plays golf for the U.S. right?
I haven't seen it but I've heard he is pretty good at it. I don't like Golf too much.
I love Julia Bowen! She was in quite a few films actually, and was in The Flintstones!
Sure, she starred in Wonder Women 2017, also in Solider 1998
Shaun Evans and Damian Lewis were the principal actors.
It is considered a fantasy, comedy, and action film.
That was released in 2013 and written by Rick Yancey. Are you a fan of his?
Ricky Yancey also released that year. I do not know the name of the movie.
Ricky Yancey also wrote the Monstrumologist series.
Sure! Zodiac, The Last Star, The Infinite Sea are some of my favorites.
No problem! Enjoy.
She's a bit poppy for me. Wasn't she in Valentine's Day and the cartoon The Lorax?
She was in Valentine's day with Kevin Spacey as well. She was also in The Lorax, which is a great movie.
I didn't know she was in Men in Black 3, lol. She was pretty funny in the TV series as well!
I do! He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and Turbo. The Proposal was a great movie too.
I haven't seen it but I've heard it's a good one. I highly recommend it.
Ted is a great comedy movie. Would you like me to recommend other comedies?
Excellent. I hope you enjoy the movie.
Yeah, he does well with the ladies. He was in Men in Black 3 and he is a good singer.
I like the song Love Yourself, do you like it?
So do I. Are you planning to watch him play?
That was a great movie! Do you like Star Wars, in general or some of the actors in it?
Yes, he was. He was also in The Dark Knight
He was also in X-Men 2 and the X-Men
Jack and Jill, Bedtime stories, grown ups. Adam Sandler movies are all awesome
Sure Grown Up was directed by Steven Spielberg and released in 2013
Yes i believe so
You are welcome
Victor Hugo is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for French club Paris Saint-Germain
That was released in 1903 and is also a Romance novel.
It is considered a Gothic Fiction book.
Another good book of his is Notre Dame. Have you read that one?
You are welcome!
He wrote There Will be Blood and The Master. He's been involved in a lot of different movies. Would you like to hear more?
I don't know a lot about her. But, I know she is from Adelaide.
Yea, he wrote Cool My Thing and I Am Number Four. Do you want to know any of his songs?
No, if you like Coldplay a lot, you might check out The Voice or if you like Coldplay.
Anthony Hopkins starred in both Bobby and The Edge.
Peter and Paul is a romantic drama. Do you like romantic dramas?
Sure, that's a great choice. Tom Everett and Eddie Murphy starred in it as well. It's a romantic comedy.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I don't follow them a whole lot. I know the team is coached by Ken Whisenhunt and owned by Bud Adams. Do you watch their games ?
I actually don't follow them too much this season. I do know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt and owned by Bud Adams.
I really do not know much about them, they're coached by Wayne Weaver.
I do. He is a very good basketball player.
I don't follow them too much this year. Who is their coach?
It was a great movie by Danny DeVito. I haven't seen it yet.
Yes that was written by William Shakespeare. If you like his work I can make some recommendations for you.
My data is not showing the exact date but I do know that the book was released many famous Shakespeareans who are known for his works.
Ok enjoy your reading!
She is a Romanian professional tennis player. She is the current world No. 1 in singles.
I will have to look Serena Williams has a record 23 grand slam singles titles
Yeah, she has been in a few games. My favorite is Venus and Serena Williams.
I have not really followed them much as it seems they float around between the AFL and the NFL.
No, he had a runner up in Super Bowl XLVII. I think he was a great player though.
That's amazing, I know it was the year they won Super Bowl XLVII
Yes, Mervyn Peake is a artist and author, she wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and was influenced by Michael Moorcock
It was released in 1886.
It was considered a thriller or horror novel.
Shark Night is a horror starring Katharine McPhee.
Stephenie Meyer is a great actor.
I'll have to check back, once I've confirmed that its still available.
Yes, there was a movie based on this book. The Philosopher's Stone was directed by Chris Columbus who also directed Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets. Have you seen that?
He also wrote Where the Wild Things Are.
Yes, he wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
Kenneth H. Blanchard wrote it. The book was released in 1981.
Its a suspense book that was released in 1981.
No problem.
Well, it was written by Fountainhead.
She also wrote We the Living. Have you heard of that one?
Your welcome. Hope you enjoy!
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories ?
The Passage, The Invisible Man, and The House of Mirth are all written by Bram Stoker. Do you like horror?
George R. R. Martin wrote that book. Would you like to hear more about the book?
He also wrote Ghosts of Mississippi starring Stephen King
She wrote Under the Tuscan Sun.
Under the Tuscan Sun is a Romance Novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Do you like the movie because it is a fiction?
Yes she did and also wrote Go Set a Watchman
you are welcome
She also wrote Go Set a Watchman which was released in 2015
Yes, I did enjoy it, it starred Al Pacino and was released in 1990. Do you enjoy crime fiction movies?
I have not, but I know it was written by Robert De Niro and starred Al Pacino.
I see, I like him too. Did you know he produced it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
I am not sure, but I know it also stars Josh Brolin as a head coach.
Great, enjoy!
Sure, Seamus Heaney wrote Beowulf.
It is a Romeo and Juliet and is considered a Romeo and Juliet.
It is written in English and is a classic.
Yes. He starred in The Terminator and The Order. Do you like thrillers?
Sure, he was also in The Terminator and The Order. Do you like action films?
Sure, Lionheart is an action movie and also stars James Cannon and Roland Emmerich.
Woody Harrelson, Jesse Eisenberg also starred in the movie.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher Stone also starred in that movie.
You're welcome
He directed Seven Psychopaths. Gabourey Sidibe starred in it.
Six Shooter was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Nicholas Cage.
Seven Psychopaths is an action film.
I agree. James Harden was great in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
I watch it most Sundays at least one game. I am not a fan of the sport. Do you follow it?
Wilson Chandler that was drafted to the New York Knicks? I think he's a great shooting guard too.
Would you wish me to recommend something in relation to Heroic Fantasy?
Alien is apart of the film series Aliens. Aliens is written by Ronald Shusett. Have you seen the other movies in the series?
Yes, he is the director of that film. It's a thriller, action, and adventure film. If you like that series, I recommend Fifty Shades of Grey.
Not that I can find at this moment if you want more suggestions of horror films.
Sure! I'm glad that I could help.
Released in 2013, The Rosie Project was written by Graeme Simsion. Does the name sound familiar?
Yes, she also wrote Wonder Boys and The Magician's Nephew.
Yes, it is written by Sue Monk Kidd and was released in 2013.
He wrote the Movie Olympus Has Fallen and Brooklyn's Finest.
Philip Baker Hall starred in Olympus. He also starred in Rear Window which is a psychological thriller.
He also produced The Last Dragon, which is a fantasy movie.
John Cusack is the writer of War film.
Yes, I do. Do you enjoy him as an actor or singer?
That's good to know. He was in Friends with Benefits and No Strings Attached.
I believe he is a friend with Will Smith. I'm not sure if he was involved with him.
Sure, do you like books by J. D. Salinger? He also wrote Franny and Zooey
It was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald, who also wrote Go Set a Watchman. Would you like to know more about the book?
Yes, Harper Lee also wrote Go Set a Watchman and the Emperors Cool Clothes.
You're very welcome!
It was written by Cassandra Clare. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes, you're correct. It was also written by her too.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I'm not a huge baseball fan. But the references to them and George Steinbrenner were hilarious on Seinfeld.
That's right, their owner is George Steinbrenner.
I'm not sure about that, I can tell you that The New York Yankees have a similar battle with that.
Agreed! There was a movie too about that movie.
Yes, I know him and T.S. Lewis is a great artist.
I think she is a great athlete, did you know she was born in Hisar (Indian district)?
What do you think of them? I only watch badminton when he played badminton.
Oh wow, I'm not familiar with that country. Western Europe is a great place to check out.
Yes, it is a very good movie. I think it was written by Richelle Mead and starred Al Pacino. Do you like any of them?
I do! It was written by Stan Lee and has a genre of Science Fiction. It was released in 2012.
The Amazing Spider-Man and The Amazing Spider-Man 2 are written by Steve Kloves.
Yes, it is a fantasy, do you like that genre?
ok
Yes, Gillian wrote What Do you Do
It is a non fiction novel
There is a fiction thriller called Sharp Objects.
You're welcome
He wrote Heretics of Dune, which is a speculative fiction.
Okay, have you heard of What Lies Beneath?
Sorry, I don't have that information.
Happy to help!
Did you like it because it was a romantic comedy or because of the actors in it?
That is a great movie. Did you know that it is also a animated movie?
Great, enjoy!
Sure! It was written by Robert Jordan. Are you familiar with his work?
It is a great movie. If you like Fantasy films, you might also like The Incredible Hulk or The Titan's Curse.
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
You're so welcome!
Do you like the movie because of the genre or the actors in it?
It was released in 1999 and stars Christian Bale. It is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome!
I saw the movie, but I haven't read the book. That was written by Sara Gruen. Have you read it?
No, I haven't. Do you like the book because of its fantasy genre?
Yes I have. Ape House is a book in the English language.
Yes, I will add it to your reading list.
What do you think about it?
OK, have a good day!
Beautiful Disaster is a novel written by Jamie McGuire and released in 2011. It has very good reviews and is considered a favorite for some.
I don't know what other works he has written, but I do know Jamie McGuire won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.
You're welcome!
Pulp Fiction was written by Quentin Tarantino.
John Travolta also starred in Zombieland
She was in Walk the Line and Self/less. Do those sound interesting to you?
Tyler Hinton was also in that movie. Do you like him?
She also starred in the movie Apocalypse Now
Of course. Joseph Heller wrote The Crossing and The Kingdom of Life. Have you read those?
Definitely, it is my favorite soccer team! My brother likes Chelsea, we always fight about it.
Not really. I am more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan. What about you?
I like Cam Newton. He's fun to watch. Who is the current coach of the Nets?
Jake Gyllenhaal is a director. Some of his most well-known works include Yuri Gagarin Saves Christmas and The Day After Tomorrow. Have you read either of those?
It was released in 2002.
It also stars Michael Angarano and Jesse Eisenberg.
You're welcome! Have a great day!
Norton Juster wrote The Phantom Tollbooth, it is one of his classics.
Well, The Looking Glass Wars is a great fantasy novel
Yes, it is part of the series.
It was released in 2004.
Yes, she wrote The Mists of Avalon and the Forest House. Are you interested in Speculative fiction?
It is part of a series, the next in the series is The Mists of Avalon, have you read it?
The author is Marion Zimmer Bradley. This book was released in 1982 and is part of the series The Mists of Avalon.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy that!
Yes, He directed The Devil Wears Prada. Are you a fan of animated films?
What If You So is a romantic comedy and also stars The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
It is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I hope you enjoy it!
Absolutely! My favorite book by him is The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo. Have you read that one?
Yes, it is a comedy-drama.
Anytime!
I did like it. O Brother, Where Art Thou is written by William Shakespeare. It is an adventure film. Do you like adventure films?
Sure! He also wrote The Big Lebowski and The Big Lebowski.
I don't have that information, but O Brother, Where Art Thou was released in 1985.
You are welcome.
He was in Star Wars as well. Have you seen that one?
Wally Lamb wrote several books such as She's Come Undone and The Hour I First Believed. Do you like Fiction?
Yes, it was released in 2009.
Yes, that is correct. Do you enjoy Wicked Appetite?
I'm not a fan of his. I only know he wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest
I know that he writes a lot of dramas. One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest is a film that he produced.
Yes, he was. It's a great Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Denis Leary is an actor similar to Leo Tolstoy.
Well he starred in the movies The Dark Knight, which was directed by Rob Reiner.
I didn't know he starred in a movie called The Other Guys which is a comedy.
Lukas Haas In the movie is a popular movie that they starred in.
They both starred in the movie Whalberg.
You're welcome
Yes, The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is written by Steven D. Levitt and it is a fantasy.
The Silver Chair is also written by C.S. Lewis. Have you heard of it?
The Silver Chair is a fantasy and The Wardrobe is in the fantasy genre.
Sure, he directed Elysium and District 9, both movies. District 9 is an Indie Film that blew it out of the park, have you seen it?
Yes, it is. District 9 is also a thriller.
Yes, she was. She was also in House Bunny.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Yes! She was in Call Me Maybe and Call Me Maybe. Have you seen those?
I have several songs like Lock, Stock, and Two Smoking Barrels and Snatch.
You're welcome.
I know he's a soccer player for Manchester United F.C. and he plays for Manchester United F.C.
Pep Guardiola and Jupp Heynckes are some of the players on that team.
I believe he's from Guadalajara, Mexico and he was actually born on June 1st, 1988.
Bobby Farrelly directed Stuck on You. Stuck on You is written by Peter Farrelly. Would you like more information about this?
If you like comedy films, you should check out Zoolander 2 starting Ben Stiller and Christine Taylor.
Jim Carrey stars in a lot of movies. I am not sure if I'm still looking for.
Glad to help!
Yes he plays basketball. He is a point guard for the Chicago Bulls.
Well he plays for the Chicago Bears. He was a point guard for the Chicago Bears.
How do you feel about LeBron James?
Sure! Lois Lowry wrote it, and it was written by Lois Lowry.
Yes, she wrote it as well, and it was released in 1981.
No problem, enjoy!
He wrote The Twits, which is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
He wrote The Twits, which is also by Quentin Blake.
Well there's a whole series of books to check out. I would also recommend Twilight that you might like.
It was released in 2007. Would you like to know more about this book?
No problem!
This book is by John Green, who writes young adult fiction. You would probably also like The Fault in Our Stars.
The Fault in Our Stars has genre Young-adult fiction. You might also like The Fault in Our Stars.
Absolutely!
I'm not positive it's similar but Ashes to Ashes is in the same genre and is an action movie like The Firm.
It's an action film. If you like that genre, I highly recommend it.
You're welcome!
I recommend Island.
Yes, it was released in 1956. Would you like to know more about that?
Yes, The Last Battle was released in 1956. Would you like to know more about it?
You're very welcome!
I know he wrote a book that was released in 1987. It was A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Yes, he also wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
He also wrote The Uplift War as well as Rules of Attraction.
You're very welcome!
OK, anything else I can help you with?
Sure, she's been in lots of movies. Which genres do you like?
That's great, she is a great actor. Have you seen his movies?
That's right. I think she was in that movie as well. That was a great movie.
The Horse Whisperer is a Drama/Comedy.
He's written When You Are Engulfed in Flames as well as Santaland Diaries.
It's a Fiction and was released in 2008.
Yes, it was released in 2008. Would you like to know more about this book?
You're welcome and have a great day!
Yes, I love her music! She is very talented. Aside from being a great singer, she's also a Songwriter, and she can act, too!
I don't know that, but I do enjoy her music. She's very talented.
Yes, that is a great song. So it's a Wonderful Life is a good one.
Robin Williams starred in the movies The Last Dragon, The Bodyguard, and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen any of those?
Did you know that Mrs. Doubtfire also starred in The Visitor? It is a classic.
Yes she was, did you know she was in the movie?
Enjoy!
Robert Ludlum directed The Bourne Identity. He also directed The Scarlatti Inheritance. Have you seen that movie?
Yes he did. Sean Penn and Sarah Polley both starred in this movie.
Great, I would suggest X-Men 2 or World War Z.
Enjoy!
Sure, He wrote The Crucible. Have you read that?
Sure, it was released in 1953 and is in the English language.
Sure, I would recommend A Christmas Carol or The House of Mirth, both which are very good.
Yes. It was written by Gustave Flaubert. It's a very good read.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He is a basketball athlete who lives in Long Beach, California.
You mean the Basketball player?
He currently plays for the Oklahoma City Thunder.
He's a point guard.
Sure! Mary Harron directed American Psycho and was the Executive Producer on The Notorious Bettie Page. Have you seen either of these?
Mary is an action thriller
your welcome
It was released in 2001
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Billy Boyd. Do you like Fantasy films?
He wrote The Matrix Revisited, The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Reloaded
He directed the movie V for Vendetta.
He directed The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen it?
Rip Torn and Jeremy Renner are in Allegiant.
She is a great actor in this movie. It's considered a Action and Adventure film.
The Light Between Oceans is one book.
The Light Between Oceans has genre Drama. Are you interested in drama?
Yes, he starred in that movie. He also starred in The Road to El Dorado.
You are welcome.
Yes, Andy Tennant is a celebrity friend to Tyga. He was in the movie The Bounty Hunter. Have you seen it?
No, he only starred in the movie Andy Tennant. Would you like to see it?
Fool's Gold starred Jason Statham and Liam Neeson. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes he did. He was also in Days of Blood, which is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome!
He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
I would recommend Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything
you are welcome
Yes, that is a good movie. It was written by Tom Hanks and Robert De Niro.
Sure, if you like Taxi Driver you might also enjoy X-Men Origins: Wolverine, have you seen that?
Enjoy!
I don't know much about Luis Suarez, he is an athlete that played on the Uruguay national football team.
Yes, Liverpool F.C is also a midfielder. Do you like football?
I agree that he is very good. Did you know he is from Uruguay?
The Patriots are a professional American football franchise based in England. Their coach is Tom Brady. Do you like the Patriots?
Have you seen the other Harry Potter films? They are a must! Half-Blood Prince is the sixth story in the lengthy series.
Did you know he composed for Dog Days?
That's right. Have you read anything by J.K. Rowling?
Yes, it was written by John Steinbeck and released in 2015.
The Odyssey stars Orlando Bloom and Christopher Lee. Do you like their work?
No problem. What genre are you looking for?
You're welcome!
That was written by Tennessee Williams and is a drama. Do you like books by WIlliams?
That is indeed! It is a beautiful novel.
It is a drama that was released in 1945.
Great. I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Hayao Miyazaki directed and wrote The Phantom Tollbooth. Have you seen either of those?
It stars a romantic comedy, and also a fantasy called Shaun of the Dead, have you seen it?
Unfortunately, I do not have that information at my finger tips but I can tell you that he also starred in The House of Mirth.
You're welcome!
I don't know too much about it but I know he competed for China in the 2012 Summer Olympic games
I am not sure about that, but I know he participated in the 2012 Olympics.
No I do not.
I can't remember their time but I would love to see them play the San Francisco 49ers. Did you watch the World Series?
I do like them, but my favorite team is the San Francisco Giants. Have you watched the World Series?
I think Dallas Cowboys is one of the best teams in the American League East. I am not a fan of baseball
Not much, I know it's a German sports club based in Munich. They have a game this coming Saturday.
Not really. I like soccer. I prefer American Football. Soccer tends to bore me.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. but I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. What about you?
Horse and His Boy isn't in the Speculative Fiction genre, but it was written by Walter Hill.
Well, it's okay, I'm not sure about 6th grade. But I think it is pretty good.
You're welcome.
I'm not very familiar with her work but would you like me to recommend other books by her?
I am not familiar with her, but I know she is from Canada.
Okay, I think you'd enjoy it. Annie Hall is a great romance film.
Great. Have a wonderful day!
Okay, great. I'm happy to help.
Have a good day!
Yes. Odd THomas stars Dean Koontz and is considered a thriller.
Well, it's actually a series. The next in the series is Odd Thomas. It's also considered a thriller and a sci-fi.
Rob Zombie wrote that one as well. It was released in 2008.
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion.
Pride and Prejudice was originally published in 1813. It's a novel.
Well, it appears he has starred in many films including Sense and Sensibility, Emma, and Persuasion.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Titanic stars Leonardo DiCaprio and is written by James Cannon. Want movies with Leonardo Dicaprio?
You might also enjoy The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. It's also a romance film.
Yes, it was adapted from a book and written by Veronica Roth. Are you interested in her movies?
Ooh, have you seen The Giver or The Lorax?
Oh, yes! She starred in The Proposal and Step Up. Have you seen either of those films?
Yes that's interesting. I know she starred in The Proposal alongside Sandra Bullock.
It's a romantic comedy
Happy to help
Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors and The Secret Adversary. Do you like fiction books?
They Do it with Mirrors has the genre comedy-drama.
I would recommend They Do it With Mirrors by Agatha Christie.
Yes, I love her. She starred in The Special Relationship and The Queen. Have you seen either of them?
Yes, that's correct. I haven't seen it but I've heard it's a great movie. I highly recommend it.
I love Ralph Fiennes too. He was in a lot of TV movies including The Jungle Book and Ralph Fiennes.
He directed, and produced Red Cliff. It was an Action film starring Takeshi Kaneshiro.
Red cliff is a fantasy film, is that what you are looking for?
Well, Red cliff is also a war film written by Luo Guillermo and is also a war film.
You're welcome!
Madagascar has a genre of Science Fiction, Action and Adventure starring Jared Leto. Do you like these genres?
He's in Madagascar if you like that genre. He wrote, directed, and produced it.
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
He wrote The War of the Worlds and The Stand. Have you seen those?
Well, if you like Scott Pilgrim, you might want to check out The Worlds End. He directed and produced it.
Yes! Shaun of the Dead is directed by Edgar Wright as well. It also directed Paris, je t'aime.
Awesome! I hope you enjoy!
Did you know he's from Oklahoma City?
He is a basketball player from Oklahoma City, I believe.
That's correct. I believe he is a point guard
A Grief Observed was written by C.S. Lewis. Lewis also wrote Till We Have Faces
He also wrote Till We Have Faces, The magicians Nephew and The Horse and His Boy.
You're very welcome!
Andy Murray is a very good tennis player.
Well, he won the 2012 PGA Championship. I don't have much information on him either.
That's interesting, I didn't know that. I know he is from the United States of America.
I agree, I love his music! I had no idea he does, but I hope that's what he does with.
He wrote Fast Food Nation : The Dark Side of the All-American Meal and starred in McLibel
Yes I am familiar with Walt Whitman. He was a journalist as well.
It is considered children's literature, and was released in 2000.
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
Sure. He starred in The Skulls. It's a thriller.
I agree. Have you seen X-Men 2 or World War Z?
Yes, he is a great actor. Did you know he was also in The Death and Life of Bobby Z? That's a great action movie too.
I don't have that information, but I do know he passed the same year as The Death od Satan.
I sure can! Peter Krause starred in We Don't Live Here Anymore, The Truman Show, Civic Duty and Beastly. Would you like more information about one of these?
I don't know any more about The Truman Show but it's a Comedy.
You're welcome. I hope you like it.
No I have. He's an athlete who plays cricket for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
Welcome to the World, Baby Girl and I still dream about you are great books that I would suggest. You read them?
It was released in 2012 and is a drama
I currently don't have any information on any other psychological thrillers.
You're welcome
That's great! It was written by Joel Cohen and is such a great animated movie.
I know that he is an actor who starred in the movie Friends with Benefits and Tiny Dancer.
Yes, I have that. It is an American book written by John Lee Hancock and it is an animated movie.
Absolutely. Do you like Memento because it's written by Jonathan Nolan?
Thrillers include Shark Night, xXx, and xXx
Vanilla Sky stars Penelope Cruz and Jason Lee. Would you like me to play it for you?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Jean M Auel wrote The valley of hoarse which is genre fantasy. also the shelters of stone.
Definitely! It's a great book, you should also check out The Clan of the Cave Bear.
Yes, you are correct. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No problem! Enjoy!
Yes, Its by Rick Riordan and it's a Young adult fiction book. To you want to here more about books like this?
Sure! He wrote The Son of Neptune and The Titan's Curse. Are you familiar with either of those?
Yes, he did. It is a similar book to The Lost Hero. Would you like to know more about that?
I don't follow soccer that much. Do you like soccer?
Didn't he play on the German national football team?
I don't know much about him either. I know he is a midfielder and a forward.
not much of a football fan. who is your fav player?
yea shes pretty good. who is your fav player?
I love that movie! I watched all those movies like Wildcats!
She wrote Pretty Little Liar the genre is Teen Drama, do you like teen drama?
Yes, she is. It's a famous comedy about her life.
Great. I hope you enjoy it!
I did like National Treasure. Was that written by Orson Scott Card?
Yes that is a great movie. It was released in 2004.
Yes that is a great movie. I also like her in Lord of War. Have you seen this one?
I'll add it now.
You're welcome!
Absolutely, East of Eden, The Pearl of the World and Travels with Charley: In search of America is all wiritten by John Steinbeck. Do you like these?
It is a Fiction book that was released in 1991.
The novel was published in 1991. I recommend reading the book first.
I know that Chelsea is an English football club who was born in Murrieta.
Wow. I didn't know that. The team is owned by Thomas F. Wilson. I don't follow football too closely.
I'm not sure. I don't know much about it, though.
N'Golo Kante is also a soccer player in London.
They're good. Pete Carroll is a good coach. What do you think?
Michael Heim wrote Amerika which is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
I would recommend both Radiance and Warbreaker.
Yes, he did and it's a Historical period drama.
Yes they were released in 2014
Awesome, hope you enjoy.
It's a crime thriller starring Robert Downey, Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal
If you like Robert Downey Jr., he also starred in the movie Zodiac. I highly recommend it!
If you like action films, you might also like Without a Trace. It is another crime Thriller with Robert Downey Jr.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes! Bryan Singer directed the movie Superman Returns. Have you seen it?
Sure! Bryan Singer directed the movie X-Men 2.
I can tell you that it is a Thriller if you like that genre.
I like super hero thrillers, do you know any other actors?
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it was a movie called Unbreakable. It also starred Kevin Corrigan.
Yes, his movies are very popular. You might like The Happening or The Lady in the Lake?
Those are all great movies to watch. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Enjoy!
Sure Terry Gilliam wrote The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus which has genre in Adventure. Do you like adventure films?
Adventure is an action film, starring Charlize Theron. It was released in 2002.
Sure
You're welcome
The Lucky One is a romantic drama written by Will Fetters and Nicholas Sparks, are you a fan of the authors or genres by any chance?
Have you read The Notebook or The Best of Me?
The Wedding was released in 2002 and is in the romance genre.
Yes, Zane Grey is a Psychological thriller.
you are welcome.
The Wolf of Wall Street stars Leonardo DiCaprio, do you like it because you like his movies?
It was released in 1999 as a non-fiction. It's a book actually.
Great, enjoy the movie!
Hmm, I don't know that one! What kind of book is it?
Have you read The Clan of the Cave Bear because it was written by Jean M. Auel?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Callum Rennie starred in eXistenZ and Warcraft.
Yes, Callum Rennie starred in eXistenZ. what else can i answer for you?
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was written by Vladimir Nabokov. He also wrote Lolita and Pale Fire.
It was written by Rick Riordan. It's considered a children's literature.
Great, a couple other good ones are How to Win Friends and Influence People and How to Train Your Dragon 2.
Yes, Gillian Flynn also wrote Dark Places. She's similar to the author, Gillian Flynn.
The Scar is a mystery book written by Lee Unkrich and released in 1843.
It was directed by Kurt Wimmer. Do you like romance films?
He directed The Theory of Everything. Did you want to know more?
The King is a drama and action movie directed by Lames Marsh.
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Would you like to watch it?
I don't have any suggestions about movies he's starred in but Tombstone and The Achterhuis.
He was in The Chemist and The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner.
You are welcome.
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories ?
Yes, it is a thriller. Are you interested in books in that genre?
I believe it was released in 2016. Have you read it?
Sure! Brave was directed by Roland Emmerich. If you like him he also directed Brave, you might also like The Incredibles. Have you seen that one?
He also produced A Bug's Life. That's a great one for kids.
You're welcome.
He is a soccer player and has played for Real Madrid and Fluminense FC.
I am not sure about that. Did you know Rio de Janeiro is from Brazil?
Yes and Luis Bruin is also on that team
Yes I do. I think he wrote The Bourne Legacy. Have you read that?
Yes. You might like A Christmas Carol or The House of Mirth.
It's a drama! Kevin Spacey and Annette Bening star in it.
Certainly! Enjoy.
I'm aware that he's an athlete that plays cricket, what do you know?
I don't know anything about cricket, is that right?
It seems like they are playing in a few games. Would you like me to play it for you?
Yes, She wrote If You Take a Mouse to the Movies, If You Give a Pig a Pancake and many other titles.
Yes, it was released in 1985. That's the same year If You Give a Mouse a Cookie was released. I highly recommend it.
I am not sure about that. I do know that If You Give a Pig a Party was released in 1985.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
No, I do not. Is there any information that you are looking for about him?
No, but Wild Cards was released in English. It's a great book written in English.
Great! Perfect Chemistry is written by Roald Dahl. Would you like to know more about it?
Harold Ramis wrote, directed, and starred in the movie Ground Control
Since you like comedies, I think you should check out Happily Ever After. It is also a very good movie.
Since there is a comedy movie with Bill Murray in it, you should check it out
Steve Jobs was written by Walter Isaacson.
That one is actually a series of books similar to Wither. Would you like to know more about them?
He also wrote A Storm of Swords have you read that one?
Hello, yes I think The Night Circus is a good novel. It is a fantasy
Yes, it was written by Nicholas Sparks and made into a movie starring Miley Cyrus. Do you like books by Sparks?
Yes, he also wrote True Believer and Three Weeks with My Brother.
That book is called True Believer and was released in 2003. Would you like to read it?
It is a Crime Fiction/Thriller.
No problem!
David Levitt is a great cowboys fan. Are you a fan of theirs?
I actually don't know much about the Cowboys, but I do know they are in the NFC South division.
Yeah, I'd love to have so much talent within one family.
Yes, He's an Indian International Cricketer who was a very well rounded player
Yes, he was in that movie as well and also wrote The Mists of Avalon.
I agree, I would recommend The Invasion and The House of Mirth.
Sure, Go Set A Watchman and Silent In The Grave are similar.
No, Harper Lee
Your welcome.
I think she is a great athlete, did you know she was born in Hisar (Indian district)?
No, but I've heard of him.
Yes, I have heard of Serena and Serena Williams.
I love him! I especially enjoy his earlier music with Maroon 5
Yes, she is. I love her music. Levine is my favorite artist!
It's been quite a while since I've heard it's a long time since I don't have that information.
Xander Berkeley, Omari Hardwick and Nicholas Cage starred in Kick Ass.
It is a Thriller.
It was released in 2010.
Nicolas Cage starred in Lord of War and Bangkok Dangerous.
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a comedy and Nicolas Cage is a romance.
He is in Nicolas Cage first and was also in Lord of War.
You're welcome
No, I haven't heard his music but I know that he is very talented, he is a songwriter too.
I like him. He is a good writter. I liked him when he was a young singer.
That's very cool. I haven't heard of him since he acted in this film.
I can recommend a movie Chaos, it is thriller. Have you ever seen it?
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a great one. It is a psychological thriller and drama. Have you seen it?
It is also a drama, and it was directed by David Ayer.
Glad I could help!
Gangs of New York starring Tim Pigott-Smith. Tim Pigott-Smith starred in Quantum of Solace.
Yes, I can. This movie has Liam Neeson in it as well. If you like Liam Neeson, maybe you should check out The Big Man.
I don't have much information on Schindler's List, but if you like Liam Neeson you might like Aeon Flux.
You're welcome
I can recommend you The Great Gilly Hopkins and Katharine McPhee.
I'm sorry I do not have any other information on that.
I found two fiction books that were written by the same author. The Voyage of the Dawn Treader.
If you like fiction, you're welcome.
Sure, it was written by Mark Twain, and is considered children's literature. The Adventures of Tom Sawyer is also a film adaptation.
He wrote La sombra del viento an el juego del angel. Have you read those books>
Sure! He wrote La sombra del viento and El juego del angel. Both were released in Ljuego del angel.
That's great! I hope you enjoy it.
Sure! I hope you enjoy.
Of course, she is an author who wrote The Muppets. Are you a fan of hers?
It was released March 24, 1986
The Muppets is a drama genre
The Muppets is a musical comedy and Lady Gaga is married to Hailey Baldwin
I have not really followed them much as it seems they float around between the AFL and the NFL.
i think Lamar Jackson is a good athlete. Do you like him?
Then I'll have to check that out. Thanks for the information.
Do you like Spirit Bound because it's a paranormal romance, or because it's urban fantasy?
I think you might enjoy The Golden Lily or Succubus Blues which are also Young Adult Fiction.
Fault in Our Stars has a genre of Young-adult fiction and was released in 2012.
Absolutely! Other books in that genre include Wildwood Dancing and Wicked Lovely.
Yes, its written by Lois Lowry and the genre is Speculative fiction.
Lois Lowry also wrote; Gathering Blue and Anastasia Krupnik. The Giver is Young-adult fiction as well.
The Giver is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Christopher Bigsby wrote The Crucible and All My Sons have you seen those?
You might like A Christmas Carol or The House of Mirth, both great books.
Sure! Do you like Wes Anderson movies or or romance films in general?
He wrote Assault on Precinct 13. Do you like Drama Films?
Some of the stars include Ashton Kutcher and Tim Matheson
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
yes it is great movie written by Quentin Tarantino
It stars Roger Avary, Samuel L. Jackson, and is a drama, actually. It was released in 2016.
He's also on the Mist and the Lawnmower Man. Have you heard of those?
Sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that he is a writer and a film producer.
I liked her in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Have you watch that movie?
She was also in the movie A View to a Kill, have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Yes, I love her. Her music is very Influential but she is also a talented actress.
You should try Girls in Love then. She has a good voice.
It's an all around performer who seems to be very popular. I agree with you on that.
Sure, Colleen McCullough wrote The Thorn Birds and The First Man in Rome.
The Thorn Birds was released in Rome in 1956. The starring role belonged to Rachel Ward
The House is a movie with the same name. Have you seen it?
Alison Doody starre in A View to Kill and A prayer for the Dying. Have you heard of these?
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade was released in 1991
River Phoenix was also in it. Do you like any other action movies?
you are welcome
Are you looking for other books by J.K. Rowling, or do you just prefer the fantasy genre of the book?
You might enjoy The Fault in Our Stars or The Book of Mormon.
You're welcome
Daphne du Maurier wrote Rebecca and My Cousin Rachel.
Rebecca was released in 1938.
No, there is no information about that.
Yes, I like him in This is 40.
The Muse is a great movie! The Muse is written by Harry Sheater and stars Jennifer Jason Leigh.
I do! They are both hilarious!
Great! I think you'll enjoy it!
That was a great movie, have you seen Despicable me 2?
Great. Do you like Steve Carell's movies?
Zach Galifianakis is in the movie. You are welcome.
Sure! Wilson Rawls wrote Mostly Harmless and a Series. Have you read these?
Susan Meissner wrote The Polar Express, a great novel. It is considered a historical drama.
You are welcome, enjoy!
You are welcome.
Are you interested in this genre?
Rosario Dawson was in that film as well. She also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness.
You are welcome!
Well, I'm a Niners fan, sadly, so I'm not really watching the AFL much. Who's your favorite team?
Tom Brady and Patriots lost to the Patriots recently.
No, but I'd like to have to rewatched his wife.
He was such an amazing songwriter! I especially like Yellow Submarine and Bag one.
He wrote all of the Magical Mystery Tours.
You might enjoy The Black Dahlia then. It is an action movie.
I have Winter's Tale, The Amazing Spider-Man and The Incredible Hulk.
Wonderful. Then you might like Tropic Thunder since it is my favorite.
You're welcome.
Enjoy your movie time!
Pearl Harbor was released in 1971 and was written by James Patterson. It is a romantic comedy. Do you like romance?
I am not sure. There is another movie with Pearl Harbor that you might enjoy.
Yes, I love anything by J.K. Rowling, especially the Harry Potter series. Do you want to know more?
There is a sequel called Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
Gremlins was written by J.K. Rowling.
You are welcome. Enjoy the movie!
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
Oh, I don't know. Is he a point guard for the Golden State Warriors?
It sure does! Steve James is one of my favorite basketball players. I love him.
I haven't seen it yet. Is it a comedy that interests you?
I do, she wrote the Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
It has a genre Science and Psychological Thriller.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Denver Broncos are coached by John Fox and Chris harris is their coach. Have you heard of them?
Yes the Packer is a Packer.
I like basketball and football. What about you?
Robert Duvall starred a few Americam Film like tha Apostle, God Father. Have you seen this movie?
Yes, it also starred Larry Crowne and Farrah Fawcett. It's a family movie.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I'm not a big PGA fan but I know that he is dating Cameron Diaz. Are you a fan of hers?
He did. He's a great actor. He's also a director.
He's been in quite a few films. I wonder if he's been in Snow White and the Huntsman.
I sure can! Total Recall has a genre of thriller and science fiction. Would you like titles related to these genres?
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy The Old Curiosity Shop and The Old Curiosity Shop.
The Adjustment Bureau stars Tom Wilkinson and Bill Pullman. It is considered science fiction as well.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
I know he is a quarterback from Texas other than that...
I do not follow football much either. I do know he is a wide receiver.
I haven't seen it either. I hear he's great, isn't he in any other movies?
Yes, I have heard of it. I think it is a paranormal romance, urban fantasy, young adult fiction book. Do you like any of those genres?
It is and Richelle Mead wrote the Vampire Academy series
She also wrote The Golden Lily and Succubus Blues
You're welcome
Do you like Young-adult fiction?
The Hunger Games has the genre Young-adult fiction.
Sure, Gone Girl is a great book that is similar to the very hungry caterpillar, have you seen it?
I am sorry, I do not have any information on that.
He also wrote a Toy Story 3.
Yes. He also wrote Ant-Man and The Perfect Storm.
He wrote House of Mirth which is a very popular book.
You're welcome.
Bruce Greenwood starred in The Republic of Love with Gary Farmer. Have you seen it?
I don't have any more information on that movie. But I do know it was written by Kate Chopin.
No problem. Enjoy!
Are you referring to the football player for the Green Bay Packers?
I don't have that information either but i do know Aaron Rodgers won the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Mike McCarthy also played for the Green Bay Packers. He was a great player though.
Yes, she wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read either ?
I don't have any more information on any of her books, but I can tell you that Elizabeth Kostova also wrote The Historian.
I don't have that information but I can tell you she was influenced by Truman Capote.
You are most welcome.
The book was written by Nacy Bond and is a Speculative fiction. Are you interested in this genre?
Yes, in fact the same story and it is in the children's literature genre, as well as children's literature.
Yes and it is in the Speculative Fiction genre as well.
You're very welcome, enjoy!
I am not a big basketball fan but I do know Jay-Z owns the team.
Ok, I'm not sure. But I know he was in the NBA Rookie of the Year award.
That's cool. I'm a fan of the Greek Freaks.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by Steve Kloves. Would you like to read it?
Yes, he did. Wonder Boys was released in 2016
Yes, they both are owned by Linkin Park. They were released in 2014.
The Road is a post- apocalyptic fiction book. Is that what you are looking for?
Have you read Xenocide or Wyrd Sisters? They are both Science fiction.
The Road was written by John Scalzi and was released in 2008.
He normally does Tragedy.
I'm not sure but he did write science fiction books as well.
You're welcome!
Do you like Tom Hanks as an actor?
Well, he's a great actor! He's been in some great films such as Night at the Museum, Midnight in Paris, and Gathering Blue.
There is! It is considered a drama and a historical period drama.
You're welcome!
Yes she wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants.
I haven't seen that one but if I'm honest she is a good writer, she also won the PFA Fans' Award.
I do! Parks and Recreation is a great show as well. Do you have a favorite show?
I'm not sure, but it was produced by Wes Craven.
Yes, 30 Rock is in the satire show along with Vincent Pastore and John Lennon.
Yeah. I know she plays the forward position in soccer/football but not much else.
Well, I know he's a famous athlete and from the United States of America. But, I don't really follow sports.
Yeah. She was born in Los Angeles and plays the position of forward in soccer.
I liked her old song Your Love is my Drug, other than that I am not a huge fan of her. Are you?
Yeah, me too. I like her because she is friends with Kesha.
Oh, I like Yellow Submarine too. I know that he is a song writer, right?
Yes, Beatrice Sparks wrote Go Ask Alice.
Yes, that was the year that released You Are Not So Smart.
It was. I don't see that one. I know it was released in 2003.
No problem, enjoy!
He wrote the Martian Chronicles, Something Wicked this way comes, and The illustrated man
Yes, it is speculative fiction. Would you like a recommendation for another book with that genre?
Yes, they are by Ray Bradbury.
Enjoy your book!
Enjoy!
Yes Freakonomics and Horrible Bosses a very funny film
Stephen Dillane starred in Freakonomics. Would you like to know more?
He plays on the Real Madrid C.F. a Portugal National Football Team.
Really? I don't know much about soccer but I do know he was married to Irina Shayk.
Yes, she is. Did you know she was born in London?
Total Recall has a genre of thriller and science fiction. Would you like titles related to these genres?
Arnold Schwarzenegger also stared in The Terminator and Predator. Would you like to hear more?
Great question! Arnold Schwarzenegger is playing the main characters in the movie.
The genre is Speculative fiction and fantasy. Are you interested in that genre?
Ella Enchanted has genre Speculative fiction and Drama
The genre is fiction and stars Billy Crudup
You are welcome
Irwin kershner directed the fabulous film Star Wars Episode V- The Empire strikes back which was on of the most successful of all the films
Robert Pattinson and Reese Witherspoon both star in it.
William Lucking starred in The Return of a Man Called Horse.
Well, he wrote madame Bovary a romance. Do you like romance books?
That book was released in 1856, do you like his books I recommend some other ones.
I am not too sure when it was published, but I do know it was co-written by John Scalzi.
I'm not sure about that but I can tell you that it is a science fiction book that was released in 2008.
Yes of course it written by Kurt Wimmer do you like his work?
Yes he was
Yes, I liked that movie The Muppets
Heart of Darkness is written by Joseph Conrad and is a Fiction novel.
I would recommend A Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer. It was also written by Samuel L. Jackson.
Yes, it is. I hope you enjoy it.
peter pan
It was released in 1904, the same year as The Shawshank Redemption.
Yes, there are several writers who are known for their roles in the play, The Boy in the Striped Pajamas.
No, I'm not sure. If you're a fan of Micheal Hague, you'll like This Lullaby.
Enjoy your movies!
She wrote The Professor which was a Gothic fiction. Do you like Gothic fiction?
It truly is a classic! Would you like to hear more about these classics?
Sure! I hope you enjoy them!
Sure, one that I'm familiar with is David Copperfield. Have you read that one?
Charles Dickens was a great author! He wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop, have you read those?
You're welcome! Hope you enjoy your book.
Blood Promise is a young adult fiction book by Richelle Mead. It is part of a series of dark fantasy books.
Yes, it is written by Richelle Mead.
I believe the genre is young adult fiction.
You're welcome! I would also recommend The Golden Lily and Succubus Blues.
He is a tennis player and from Switzerland. Did you know he was in the Olympics?
Not really, Not really at all. I like watching tennis matches. She and her sister Serena live in London. How about you?
That's amazing. Will you have a good day!
Blake Griffin is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Do you like basketball?
Oh wow, he's really good. He's alright, right?
Oh, I see. That's tall. I think he is very tall.
These books are from the Fantasy genre. Something Wicked This Way Comes has a similar feel
Recommendations in the Fantasy genre are; The Wishsong of Shannara, The Secret Circle, and The Golden Compass.
You are welcome.
Yes, The Help was adapted into a movie starring Tate Donovan. Are you a fan of hers?
She was also in The Help, which was a Psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
Viola Davis was in The Help, which is a Drama/Fantasy film. He was also in Curious George and the Plague Dogs.
Joseph Kosinski directed The Phantom Tollbooth which was written by Basher Savage.
Yes, he did direct the musicals.
Yes he did, and he was awesome!
You're welcome!
Pat Conroy is a great author. Did you know he wrote The Water is Wide and The Prince of Tides?
I'm not sure. What genre do you like?
Flannery O'Conner is a writer. She wrote The Water is Wide.
Children's literature
Your welcome.
Yes. She starred in Aliens.
Bill Paxton starred in Zodiac which is a crime fiction film. Do you like action?
Sure, Robert Duvall and James Coburn also starred in Weird Science.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to read it?
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards, Rules of Attraction
Here are some of her books : Heart of the Matter and Something Borrowed.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He is a movie starring Robert Duvall and David Oyelowo.
He also directed RoboCop 2.
Total Recall is a science fiction/fantasy film that was released in 2011.
You're welcome!
Snow White and the Huntsman was written by John Lee Hancock and stars Sam Claffin.
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you other movies he's been in.
Yes, that is a fantasy series. Do you like fantasy movies?
Miguel Artela had a big role in that movie. Do you like any of them?
I'm not sure, but I do know that Shiri Appleby also starred in Harvest of Fire which is a comedy.
Yes, I would recommend Transformers: Dark of the Moon and Titan A.E. Have you seen them?
Have you seen the other Hobbit movies?
It was written by Philip Pullman
Happy to help.
Okay.
Yes, it was directed by Tom Cruise .Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he did. That movie stars Johnny Depp and Michael Mann. Are you a fan of any of those actors?
Yes, that is a great recommendation. I hope you enjoy it!
No problem!
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Dennis Hopper is the main actor, do you like science fiction movies?
Patrick Swayze was also in the movie.
You are welcome.
Yes, it is a Major League Baseball team owned by John York and
Oh. I believe they both drafted Kenny Phillips.
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about yours?
Denzel Washington and James Wilcox star in the Equalizer.
Sure, she was in The Handmaid's Tale, The Giver, and The Handmaid's Tale.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that it was released in 1999.
You're welcome.
Yes! He is a good Table Tennis player. What do you think of him?
Yes, he's from China. Are you a fan?
Yes, it is. He was in it as well!
He wrote The Man who was Mark Twain: Images and Ideologies
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer is another great book. It was released in 1851.
Mark Twain is also an author and he wrote Tom's Treasure Hunt.
Sure, he wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, and the Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
Enjoy
Yes, Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to read another one of her b
Sense and Sensibility, Sense and Sensibility, Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
Its a romance novel.
The Hunt for Red October was written by Tom Clancy and has been made into a feature film
The genre is Patriot Games, it was released in 2008.
You're welcome!
Ben Stiller wrote Zookeeper and starred in the movie The Wizard of Oz.
Yeah, he was hilarious in Zoolander. Do you like comedy movies?
Yes, he was in that movie as well. Along with Danny DeVito and Bill Murray.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I like all of her songs. Did you know she was in a movie called Crossroads?
I didn't know that! What is your favorite song by her?
That is true. I have seen him in a lot of movies. Have you seen any of them?
Starring Tom Hanks - its a drama. A similar movie is The Ring.
It is a romantic comedy, released in 2012. Do you like romance books?
Yes, The Terminal is considered a comedy-drama and a sci-fi movie. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome, enjoy!
sure, he starred in Tom Horn, The War Lover and the Reivers, what genre of films you prefer more his drama or action?
It came out in 2002. Would you like to know who else was in it?
Great I do not have that information right now. Seems you know it was written by Roger Rees.
You're welcome! Enjoy your movie.
Heart of Darkness was written by Joseph Conrad and has genres Novella and Fiction. Do you like these genres?
Mary Doria Russell
The Name of the Wind is a picture book by Eric Carle.
Are you interested in the genre of parody or movies that John Cleese is in?
It was written in 1900.
F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote the Wizard of Oz
Yes it is. Tales of Beedle the Bard. Have you seen it?
Ok, let me know if you need anything else.
Wasn't he the one who plays for the Argentina national football team?
Oh, it looks like he plays the forward position. I really liked him when he had a role on the Barcelona 2.
I agree. Louis van Gaal is such a great coach. I wonder if he and Jet Li are friends?
Yes, Tom Hanks is the lead but he also starred in The Fugitive.
Sure. Would you like to know about any of the movies Harrison Ford movies?
Sure. Anything else I can help with?
He directed The Perks of Being a Wallflower. Do you like the Romance genre?
Hugh Jackman and Meryl Streep all starred in it.
Yes she was. She was also in The Perks of Being a Wallflower.
I'm not sure if he did. He also directed The Perks of Being a Wallflower.
You're welcome.
Yes I do. It is written by Anne Rice, it stars Brad Pitt and Tom Cruise
Tom Cruise also starred in Vanilla Sky and the Last Samurai.
Andres Iniesta is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a forward for Spanish club Barcelona and the Brazil national team.
Is that the team owned by Magic Johnson and Frank McCourt?
Yes they are a Goof team.
That's right. The San Francisco Giants were runner ups in 2012.
Yes it does. The world series is fun to watch.
Oh I adored that movie. It starred Meryl Streep, Emily Blunt and Anne Hathaway. Do you want a recommendation based off genre?
Then you'll like Aline Bronna. She also wrote V for Vendetta. Have you seen it?
Enjoy!
Sure, he starred in Treasure Planet, The Three Lives of Thomasina and The Phantom. Are you looking for any particular genre?
Yes, that is correct. Martin Short starred in Treasure Planet. He was also in Catwoman, have you seen that one?
Hugh Jackman and Anne Hathaway starred in The Legend of Zorro.
William Friedkin directed The Hunted. Do you know that one?
It is a biographical film. Would you like to watch it?
Zoolander is a thriller that stars Robin Wright and was written by Friedkin.
You're welcome!
Pearl S Buck wrote The good Earth. Did you know she was also a teacher?
Yes, it is a romance film. Do you like romance movies?
No, that movie is in Black-White.
No problem, enjoy!
I know that Kevin McHale is one of their major players though
I like most sports also. I'm more of a football fan
I love all sports, do you like it?
He directed Little Miss Sunshine.
He also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
Taylor Swift starred in that movie. He is also a director for Little Miss Sunshine.
Alan Arkin also starred in The Robots of Dawn and The Ground Beneath Her Feet.
Yes she is and her sister Serena Williams is also a tennis player.
She is currently number 66.
You are welcome, I hope you have a good day.
He was a Journalist and wrote a Biography. Do you like Biography books?
Sure! Ralph Steadman was the author of The Five Love Languages series. Have you read them?
He also wrote Sherlock Holmes and the Case of the Silk Stocking.
You're very welcome.
Did you like the book because it was Speculative fiction?
She also wrote Fairest and The Two Princesses of Bamarre
Yes it is a fantasy novel
Well it's a Tale of Two Princesses of Bamarre is fantasy. Also, The Two Princesses of Bamarre was released in 2001, as well.
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
I do not know that they were runner up in Super Bowl XLVII
I think he will be a free agent now.
He is a football player. He is in the Argentina national football team
He plays for the Argentina national football team.
I'm not a big soccer fan so I don't know much about the team.
Are you looking for books written by Jeff Kinney? Jeff Kinney also wrote The Long Haul.
I believe it is a romantic comedy. If you like that genre, you should read it.
Enjoy!
Apocalypto is a war film written and directed by Francis Ford Coppola. Are you a fan of the genres?
I don't have any information on what else he directed, but he wrote The Passion of the Christ that starred Hristo Shopov.
Sure! The Passion of the Christ is starring Hristo Shopov as well as Maia Morgenstern.
Sure, no problem!
Divergent is from the Utopian and Dystopian fiction genre. Would you be interested in other films in that genre?
She wrote Insurgent and Free Four: Tobias Tells the Divergent Story
You are welcome.
Yes, that's correct.
Zack O'Malley Greenburg wrote PS, I Love You. He is a great author.
Yea, she wrote quite a few. She also wrote Where Rainbows End.
It is a fiction. Do you like that genre?
Do you like J.K. Rowling's work?
Cool, it is written by Steve Kloves and stars Simon McBurney. Is that your favorite fantasy movie?
Philip Pullman wrote the movie and Philip Pullman wrote the movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He directed Cutthroat Island and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Yes, you are correct. He also wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight.
It also stars Tom Amandes and Zima Hayek.
You are welcome.
Not really, I like her song Chandelier and Titanium with David Guetta.
I like Hayao Miyazakio and Kristen Stewart. Do you have a favorite singer?
Didn't he play any instruments in the guitar?
It was written by Jojo Moyes. Do you like the author Jojo Moyes?
Me Before You was written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Invisible Man and The Time Machine.
I do not know who starred in that movie. But I do know it was written by Francis Ford Coppola.
I do! She's a Danish tennis player and was a former world No 1 in singles. She's a fantastic player
I agree. Did you know she's dating Serena?
Yes!
I think Mike Woodson is a good coach. Do you like them?
Oh, yea he is a good player too.
I didn't know he was in that movie too!
Yes, he is a great football player form Wales.
I watch it sometimes. I like American Football. What about you?
It is a great movie. You should also watch Men in Black 3, it is a very good movie.
He wrote The Water is Wide
The Water is Wide has genre Historical fiction
He also wrote The Water is Wide
Sorry I am not sure
The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Ok, Fear Nothing was written by Rick Riordan. It was released in 2008.
It's a Mystery and Speculative fiction too.
Sure, hope you like it!
Oh yes! That's a good one. It is written by Stuart M. Kaminsky. What else can I tell you about it?
Sure! It was produced by Stuart M. Kaminsky. It's also a great Sci-Fi movie.
Unfortunately I don't have much information on that but I do know it was written by Mickey Knox. Would you like to know more about him?
It is a crime movie written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
To Kill a Mockingbird, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Manchurian Candidate are some good dramas from this genre
The Manchurian Candidate was written by Robert Mulligan, and stars Nicole Kidman.
The Manchurian Candidate was written by Richard Condon. It's a thriller.
That is a Zombie Film starring Leonardo DiCaprio. Are you a fan?
Yes he is a composer/DJ. Some of his work is Where Have You Been and Yeah x3. Do you know him?
Yes, he is a DJ right?
Andy Murray is a really good athlete but I don't think he is as good as Rafael Nadal.
I like tennis and baseball. Do you have a favorite sport?
Woody Harrelson, I think he's a great tennis player.
Do you like docudramas? She is known for those.
The genre is Non-fiction
You are welcome
You like Rob Riggle? He starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys.
I don't know what songs she sing. Is she any good?
Yes, you're right. Do you like Sylvester Stallone? He's from the UK.
I haven't heard of Shakira, but I do like Sia's music. She's from Adelaide, right? I like Sia.
I didn't know she was in the film Titanium! I've heard great songs and I will check it out.
All I know is he is a cricket player. Not really a sport that I follow. Do you like the sport?
What sport do you like?
Yes, she was in that movie too!
Absolutely! Bob Peck starred on Jurassic Park, Surviving Picasso and Lord of the Flies, which is a Novel. Have you seen those?
Yes! Bill Paxton also starred in Tower Heist which was a great film.
Yeah, that movie is great! Kevin Costner and Kevin Costner are also in it as well. Do you like him?
That's right. It was released in 1989.
Of it's genres, do you prefer Fantasy or Adventure?
Certainly, I recommend The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey. It's a fantasy novel by James Patterson.
Sure! It's a fantasy film that also stars Josh Brolin. Do you like him?
Yes, he was in that movie as well. Do you like science fiction movies?
No problem!
Yes, it was released in 2003 and was written by Sophie Kinsella
She also wrote Wedding Night and Twenties Girl
Yes, she does. She also writes dramas like The Undomestic Goddess.
Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome!
He is a volleyball player. Do you play this sport?
I am not a fan of cricket, but I have heard of him from the news.
Well, I'm not a huge fan of the sport. But, I'd like to learn more about it.
Sure, did you like Sharp Objects because it was written by Gillian Flynn, or because it was the genre Suspense/Mystery?
I don't know any other titles by her, but I do know that she has also written Sharp Objects and Dark Places.
It is, it was released in 2015.
Sure. Dominic Copper starred in Warcraft and The History Boys.
Yes, it's a musical. The first in the movie is a psychological thriller.
Michael Stahl-David starred in Warcraft. Did you know that?
You're welcome. Enjoy.
Anne-Marie is a singer. Is that who you mean?
I think The Chicago Cubs are an American professional baseball team based in Chicago, Illinois
Yes, I love the Giants! It's my favorite team has to be the Redskins.
I haven't seen it but I heard it's great. It definitely is a great place to visit.
That's great. I'm a Packers fan as well!
It came out in 2013, but I don't know that!
He wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Small Steps. They are both childrens literature. Do you enjoy reading that genre?
She also wrote Wayside School is Falling Down which is another one you might like, have you heard of it?
It falls under children's literature, do you like children's literature?
I don't really follow golf, but I know Phil won the 2005 PGA as well.
He is a great golfer. Did you know he won the 2005 PGA Championship?
I agree! He is a great actor. She also starred in Tin Cup.
Great! I think you'll enjoy them!
The Time Machine, The Invisible Man and The War of the Worlds are some of his notable works.
I'm not sure what year The Time Machine was released.
Yes I love Caddyshack. Did you see it?
You are welcome I hope you enjoy!
Mark Wahlberg and Jennifer Lawrence are also in it. Do you like either of those actors?
He is a pretty good shooting guard, plus he won the NBA sixth Man of the Year Award.
Yes, that is a great book. I think it is about a father and son named Seth Meyers.
You're welcome.
They're a great baseball team but I love the Houston Astros.
The Yankees play in the American League East and have not played in the World Series since 2003. Are you a baseball fan?
All I know is that it was the Boston Red Sox and the New York Yankees were runner ups in the 1986 World Series.
The one released in 1960
joe morton, Robert De Niro and David Bautista all starred in the movie.
A recent one is Cold Mountain, written by David Ayer. It was released in 1985. Have you seen it?
They are one of the best football teams, did you know their coach is Ryan Giggs?
Yes, he is. Are you a fan of the team?
Yes they both are. Did you know Lovie Smith used to be a football player?
Sure! Rocky is a family drama film. Do you like it because it is a drama film?
He starred in The House of Mirth, Lolita, and Catch-22. Have you seen any of these?
Creed is a romance film, directed by Joel Coen, starring Mark Wahlberg.
You're welcome!
Michael Crichton is not only an author but a film producer and film producer. He wrote the book Disclosure. Does this interest you?
The Great Train Robbery is a fantasy novel and it was released in 2012.
You're very welcome!
I don't know. I'm sorry. He's a great actor. Did you know he starred in The Good Doctor?
Nicole Kidman and Randall Park are in it.
He also starred in the thriller There's Something About Mary
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen and the genre is Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
From what I can tell, it's a romance novel.
Falling Down is a good one by Jane Austen. You like that one?
The Time Machine was written by H.G. Wells, who also wrote Pride and Prejudice.
He directed Safety Not Guaranteed
It is considered a thriller and a romance. Do you like those types of movies?
Cloverfield is such a thriller as well. You may like Catch-22 which is an action thriller as well.
You are welcome, enjoy!
I liked him in Things Behind The Sun. Did you see that?
I'm not sure about that. Would you like to know other Patsy Kensit films?
Yes, it is. It's a drama and a biography.
That was a great one! I think you'd enjoy it.
I liked them better when Jason Witten was playing, but they're still a pretty good team. Are you a fan of the Cowboys?
I saw them win the Superbowl. Did you know Rowdy was born in Austin?
He played against the New Orleans Saints in Dallas. Do you like football?
He directed Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. Great movie!
He also directed Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. It starred Harrison Ford and Anthony Daniels.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that. Are you interested in any other films he has starred in?
Gillian Flynn. She's from the United States.
He also wrote Sharp Objects and Dark Places. I couldn't find any other books by him.
I don't know any other authors, but I do know that Flynn was influenced by William Shakespeare.
Yes, I do agree.
I enjoy it. I would recommend Xenocide and World Without End.
Great. Have a good day!
He plays cricket from India
I don't know much about him, other than he is from India. Do you follow cricket?
I agree! He's one of the best cricketers of all time.
I have not, but I would love to. I like to learn about it! I've been to a live game and don't know much about it.
I'm a baseball fan and football fan. Do you like any other sports?
You too!
I do know that Kevin McHale is one of their major players though
It is both. Looper is in the comedy genre. Do you like comedies?
Yes, Warlock is a great film. If you like Warlock you might also like The Purge. Have you seen that one?
Yes it is. It's a zombie movie starring Brad Pitt. Have you seen it?
Great. Anything else I can help you with?
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like his work?
He wrote A Beautiful Mind, The Great Gatsby and The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
Erich Maria Remarque wrote Im Westen nichts Neues, and Drei Kameraden
I'm not sure when they came out, but yes! Im Westen nichts Neues is written by Erich Maria Remarque.
Yes, it does. There is a book in English that you might like.
You are welcome. Glad I could help.
I know she is great at tennis and is dating golfer, Rory McIlroy
She plays tennis, right? I'm not sure I know much about her as well.
Yes, Williams sisters play tennis in high school. Both Venus and her sister are very talented.
Yes I did like it. I like tennis better than most sports.
I agree. I love the WVU even more!
Is that written by Tennessee Williams, and part of the Southern Gothic genre?
Tennessee Williams also stars in Cat on a Hot Tin Roof too
Yes, he wrote Cat on a Hot Tin Roof too
you are welcome
Sure! Do you like books by Tana French? She also wrote The Likeness.
In the Woods is a novel in the mystery genre as well as speculative fiction.
You're welcome. Enjoy.
He is an author who wrote Thirteen Moons and The Last Summer of the World. Have you heard of either of those?
He has been in a number of films including Zero Dark Thirty, Taking Chance, Salt and Men in Black 3. What genre are you looking for?
It appears that David Ayer plays the lead role. He was also in the movie Crazies
Sure, Pale Fire and The Prestige are two good ones
No problem
I do! I know Mike Zimmer and Leslie Frazier are the coaches and the team is owned by Zygi Wilf.
The Vikings are second in the NFC North along with the New York Giants.
I like the New England Patriots, but I'm more of a Steelers fan.
Andrew Garfield starred in Zombieland with his mate, Emma Stone.
You are welcome. Justin Timberlake starred in The Social Network.
The Social Network is a biographical drama and is a biography.
It was released in 2003 and starring Andrew Garfield.
It's a historical film, and it is considered a drama.
Steve Buscemi wrote 2010 and stars in the movie 2010.
You're welcome!
Of course, Ang Lee starred in Hollywood Chinese have you seen that yet?
I did not know that. She also starred in The Black Dahlia which was a romantic comedy.
He also wrote The Wool Cap and Persuasion.
It is a young-adult fiction book written by Christopher Paolini, have you read it?
Yes, Paolini has written a few other books in the genre of young-adult fiction, including Inheritance Cycle.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes The Girl of Fire and Thorns by Rae Carson. What else can I do for you?
It was released in 2016. Do you like thrillers?
Wonderful. Enjoy!
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion, which was released 1817
Yes, it's also been made into a movie. I'm not sure who else wrote Persuasion. Does that interest you?
Yeah, I have. Would you like to read it?
I believe she plays professional badminton. I remember when I heard that people played badminton professionally, I couldn't believe it. I used to play all the time as a kid.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
I'm not sure but I do know that the team is played in the Olympic games.
Malcolm Gladwell also wrote What the dog saw and other Adventures.
He directed Seven Psychopaths? Do you like dark comedies?
Yes, he is a scientist and author.
Sorry, I don't have that information.
Robin Williams starred in Mrs. Doubtfire along side Matthew Lawrence. Have you seen it?
Have you seen We Bought a Zoo? It's one of my favorites and I highly recommend it.
It stars Cameron Diaz, Jamie Foxx, and Cameron Diaz.
Will do happy to help out!
Not the Simpson but it's a animated film. Have you seen it?
It's similar to Epic Epic Poets.
Yes, they are both great poems.
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know they're coached by Pete Carroll. Do you like them?
Wow, that's interesting. Did you know they were a part of the National Football League?
No, they haven't. They're still playing.
Yes it's a very good movie. I stars Sandra Bullock and Ryan Reynolds.
Mary Steenburgen (who's been around for a long time) and Craig T. Nelson also star in it. If you like Romantic Comedies, you should check it out.
Sure, that was released in 1999 and is a drama/mystery.
Oh sure, The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October are great books by him.
It is not the old book but it was released in 1866.
Yes it is! It was also written by Tom Clancy.
They are owned by The Madison Square Garden Company. Are you a fan of theirs?
The team is owned by Steve Tisch and John Mara.
They are a part of the NFC South.
You're welcome
It was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Ralph Fiennes and Colin Farrell.
I would recommend Minority Report, in which Colin Farrell has starred in.
I would recommend Easy Rider, it is an action/adventure film that was released in 2007.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I really don't like them. It's my least favorite team in the AFC West, and I hate their mascot Miles.
John Fox, Josh Boone, Antoine Wright and Brook Lopez to name a few.
Sure, it has Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, and Michelle Rodriguez in it. Do you like them?
I do like that one. Would you like me to add it to your watch list?
I love Matt Irby. He was also in The Green Mile and Snow White and the Huntsman. Do you like action movies?
I will.
Have you seen the whole series? Do you like Sci-Fi?
I think it's based on the book.
Ok, i'll add it to your list!
No problem!
Sure, Jordan Spieth American professional golfer. Do you play golf?
I didn't know he was a person from Dallas. Is he a sports team?
Yes, that's the same thing. I usually prefer hockey over football, too.
Yes, she wrote I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings which is a very popular book. Have you read it?
Yea, I believe she's also a teacher.
Sure, it was first published in 1851. It's a great book.
Will do! I hope you enjoy them!
I think he wrote она и мир.
James Franco is a wonderful actor. His most well-known role is probably from Spiderman with Toby McGuire. Have you seen that version?
Yes, This is the End is a comedy starring Rosemary Wells and James Franco.
It is a comedy. Do you like comedy movies?
You're welcome.
You're welcome!
He plays for the Chile national football team. Do you like soccer?
Oh nice, what's your favorite team?
Yeah that was great, I'm a big fan of that movie!
Oh I'm really not into Doctor Zhivago too! He's a great star!
Sure, it was written by Rick Riordan, it is a young-adult fiction book.
Yes he did and it was a great book! The Sea of Monsters was also written by Percy Jackson and the Olympians
It is a young adult novel written by Rick Riordan as well as The Lightning Thief
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society
there is no much information about that
She also wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
I do! He starred in Imagine That. Have you seen it?
Ray Bradbury wrote many books. What kind od genre are you interested in? Speculative fiction, Short Stories
I'm showing that The Martian Chronicles is one of his most popular romance novels
It was released in 1953
Sure, hope you enjoy it
He plays for FC Barcelona, right? Other than that, I do not know much.
Yes, she is an athlete who plays golf.
Is that the movie written by Adam Sandler?
Definitely. Grown Ups is really funny. Especially with Steve Carell in it.
Yes, she was in Frida. She is actually a very talented actress.
Joe Morton wrote What Lies Beneath and Thoughtcrimes. Would you like to know more?
Beneath was directed and also starred in Shark Night, have you seen that one?
Great. Total Recall is also a fantasy movie. I think you will enjoy it.
Enjoy your movie
Yes, Saina Nehwal is a famous badminton player from India. Are you a fan of this sport?
Yes, he was in the 2012 Olympics.
He is correct he is in the 2012 Olympics.
Thor is starring Natalie Portman. Natalie Portman has starred in this movie. What type of movies do you like?
Good choice. Robert Downey Jr, Chris Hemsworth are some good movies starring Thor.
Great. He starred in some great movies like The Incredible Hulk, The Avengers, Titanic, and The Incredible Hulk just to name a few.
The Assassin's Blade is a good one if you haven't seen it.
He wrote The Butterfly Effect.
The Butterfly Effect is a psychological thriller that you might like.
I don't have that information right now. Is there anything else that you would like to know?
William Scott wrote, directed and produced The Final Destination.
Sure, October Sky is a Crime Fiction / Drama directed by Eric Brees. It is released on Netflix.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
She's great. I have been a fan since she released Baby One More Time. Do you like her?
Emir Kusturica also starred in Pauly Shore is Dead. It's a great movie.
He recently starred in the movie Pauly Shore is Dead
300 is directed by him.
I don't have that information, but Pencil 300 was released in 2001. It is a fantasy
Rodger Bumpass starred in this movie.
Gerard Butler starred in this movie.
Yes, it is a good movie. It was directed by Quentin Tarantino
Vivica A. Fox and David Carradine starred in it. It was also a film.
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion, which was released 1817
Indeed! If you like Jane Austen, you should check out her works. She also wrote Mansfield Park.
Yes, he did. It's a great film.
Sure, it is written by Cassandra Clare and a young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass. Great series!
I'm not sure but there is a movie written by Neil Gaiman
Tom Cruise starred in Mission impossible Rogue Nation so if you like him he also starred in Valkyrie.
Yes that is a great movie. Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder also.
You might enjoy The Last Samurai starring Tom Cruise.
You are welcome.
I think they are a good football team. I haven't watched much basketball since they were runner-up for the Super Bowl.
Not really, I know Brett Favre is a great player. What is your favorite team?
Yeah, I'm a Niners fan for sure. My favorite team is the Redskins. I haven't watched many games this year.
The book was written by Jodi Picoult, who also wrote The Plain Truth.
There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts
Yes, I think you would like it.
I don't watch much soccer but I do enjoy watching the Dortmund match. Do you know soccer?
I have heard of Marco Reus and he is also a musician. I agree with you on that team.
I agree, it sounds like a lot of fun to watch.
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing. It was good.
The Sweet Far Thing is speculative fiction and The Diviners is fantasy. Do you like these genres?
I'm sorry I don't have anything else in the fantasy genre but I do have Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Yes Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
Yes, Milan Kundera is from Poland. He was born in Warsaw.
No problem. Anything else I can help with?
I know he is a quarterback from Texas other than that...
I don't know either, I do like their coach Tom Benson.
You're welcome!
Yes. Michelle Wie is an athlete.
Yes, Michael Wie is a female golfer from Honolulu.
Wow, I did not know that. Thanks for the info.
Yes, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like action movies?
I'm not sure who else starred in it, but Mike Starr also starred in The Last Summer (of You and Me).
Sure, it was released in 1999.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Isn't he married to Cameron Diaz who starred in Shrek 2?
Wow, I didn't know that! I think he's now an artist, a musician and a cartoonist.
I think so. I'm not sure. Do you have a favorite song of him?
Do you like animated Disney films?
Have you seen the Princess and the Frog or The Lion King?
A Bug's Life is a good one. But its also written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
Sure, she wrote The Ship of Brides and also The One Plus One. Have you read either one?
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
It is part of the series The Oz Books, would you be interested in others in the series?
I have not, but would you like to know more about The Wonderful Wizard of Oz?
I will do that. You are welcome.
I agree! He's one of the best tennis players in the world right now.
I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer. What about you?
Yes, that's right. I think Marat Safin is a very good tennis player.
You're welcome!
Sure! He wrote some of the most popular books titled : The Return of Sherlock Holmes, The Lost World, and The Valley of Fear.
Great question! The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was released in 1892. It's a mystery genre.
Yellow Wallpaper was a great read. Happy reading!
He wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke. Do you like his work?
Have you read The Golden Compass or Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban?
Happy to help!
The Insurgent is written by Veronica Roth. Would you like to know more about her?
The Insurgent is written by her as well. It was released in 2012.
Yes it was released in 2012. For sure you will like it too!
You are welcome. Anything else I can help with?
I have heard of him he composed Jar of Hearts didn't he?
I like all of her music. She wrote A Thousand Years and Lovestrong
I dont think she has a band. Do you know if she plays in movies?
Thor a lot was written by Chris Hemsworth and stars Chris Hemsworth. Do you like Thor?
Sure. The Door Into Summer and The Way of Zen are two of his popular movies.
No problem!
Yes, he wrote Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts. Have you read those?
The Gathering Storm is another book he wrote. Have you read that?
Where There's Smoke is a fictional children's book.
Yes, he is a soccer player and has played for Real Madrid and Fluminense FC.
Yes I do. Who is your favorite player?
I like the Patriots a lot. My favorite team is the Cowboys. Who is yours?
The Cleveland Browns are fourth in the AFC North division for the 2018 season. I think their owner Randy Lerner would be happier with a better place.
I love his music. My favorite team is the Redskins. How about you?
I don't know too much about the Browns, but I know he won the Super Bowl XLVII championship twice.
He directed Witness and The Truman Show. Have you seen either of those?
Yes he did and Peter Weir also directed Witness. It is a drama/crime/drama.
I know she starred in Spring Breakers and Ramona and Beezus
I like the song Love Song too. Have you heard of it?
Of course! Lois Lowry is a good one and its a drama.
Sure. Lois Lowry also wrote; Anastasia Krupnik and The Giver. The Giver is Young-adult fiction as well.
Yes it is. It was written by Orson Scott Card and is a Science Fiction novel.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome
Yes. Rosemary Wells wrote Charlotte's Web, the Children's Literature. She's a screenwriter as well.
It was! Rosemary Wells also wrote a book called Charlotte's Web.
You are welcome!
Sure, I can help with that. Bradly Cooper starred in The Words, The Time Traveler's Wife, and The Deliverance. Have you seen any of those?
He also starred in What's Up Doc.
Sure. Submarine is written by Michael McKean, and is a mystery-thriller.
He was in Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back and The Empire Strikes Back.
Anytime!
Do you like story's written by Douglas Adams?
I highly recommend The Restaurant at the End of the Universe and The Restaurant at the End of the Universe.
Of course! The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Universe is a Science Fiction novel that was released in 1961.
Sorry, I don't have that information right now. Would you like more recommendations?
Absolutely! I hope you enjoy them!
they are a great kpop band. do you like them?
I like Nsync, he also is a great rapper. Do you like him?
I like them too. They're really good. Are you a fan of them?
I think they are a pretty good team. Do you like Football?
Yes, you're right. He was a linebacker in the 90's.
I'm a fan of sports. I like the Rocky Horror Picture Show and the Lakers.
Well, James Frain who is in it is also in Transit (Crime Fiction Film).
Other science fiction movies are; Wolverine and the X-Men, The Incredibles.
You are welcome.
L.A. Confidential is a thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like thrillers?
The Silence of the Lambs is also in the Suspense genre.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, that is a good movie starring Tom Hanks.
Sure, it is a comedy too. Meet the Parents is a comedy by James Patterson, do you like him?
Yes, that is a great one with Denzel Washington. Have you seen The Manchurian Candidate? It is a classic
Of course, I hope you enjoy them!
Sure! He directed Unlawful Entry which is a really good movie.
Yes that's correct. He also starred in Avalon High which is a Romance film. Do you like Romance films?
You might also like Shooting the Past. Have you seen that one?
The Pianist is a drama. Would you like to watch it?
You're welcome
Oh yes she is an amazing athlete. I do like her but don't follow tennis much. Do you like her?
No, I had no idea. What genre is that?
American Gangster also starred Steven Soderbergh. It was a great movie.
I'm not sure where Serena is residing. What is her husband name again? I love them!
Yes, he directed the movie The Illusionist. Were you aware that it's a thriller?
It's a psychological thriller.
You might like Wuthering Heights, which is also a suspense film.
You're welcome.
Sure! Do you like Young-adult fiction books?
Have you read the next book in the series?
It was written by C.S. Lewis. It was released in 2007 and is in the Speculative Fiction genre.
Sure! Enjoy!
Sure, another book like Silence would be Broken Silence.
It was released in 2004.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! Did you like Pandemonium because it was written by Lauren Oliver or because it is a speculative fiction genre?
You might like Zoe's Tale. It is also in the speculative genre.
It was written by Robert Zemeckis. Would you like to read it?
You're welcome. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, I love her music! Did you know she starred in Who's That Girl?
It was good to know. It's a good relationship with Sean Penn.
You are correct. They were both in that relationship with Madonna.
Yeah, you should watch that one. It's very funny.
I will have to check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
Sure, that was written by Joel Coen, who also wrote True Grit.
I don't know, but I do know that it was produced by John Malkovich.
You're welcome!
It is written by Henning Koch and released in 2012.
Yes it is in English.
Britt-Marie var här written by them and released in 2014.
Sure, James Patterson wrote Zoo and You've Been Warned as well as many others. Would you like to hear more titles from them?
He wrote Assault on Precinct 13, starring Joseph Gordon-Levitt.
It's a romance novel by Agatha Christie.
Do you like Forrest Gump because it stars Tom Hanks?
He's been in a lot of great movies. He was in The Post and The Circle. Have you seen those?
It directed by Tom Hanks. He also directed Larry Crowne.
You're welcome!
Sure! Darren Aronofsky directed, wrote and starred in the hit movie Requiem for a Dream. Have you seen this movie yet?
It is a drama directed by Evan Rachel Wood and Evan Rachel Wood was released in 2003.
Mickey Rourke starred in Requiem of a Dreams and the Wrestler.
Yes, he directed Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that? It stars Robert Duvall.
Sure, some of the stars in that movie are George Clooney, The Godfather, and The Godfather Part II.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that information.
Sure it was released in 2005 starring Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie Pitt. It is a Romantic Comedy do you like this genre?
It is a thriller starring Matt Damon.
Well, if you like thrillers, you might enjoy Shark Night.
You're welcome.
Yes I do. She's written The Pillars of the Earth which is a thriller and drama. Do either of those genres interest you?
Vanessa Redmayne, Mark Wahlberg, and Mel Gibson. Are you familiar with these actors?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I have not really followed them much as it seems they float around between the AFL and the NFL.
They are ok. I saw them play today. What's your favorite team?
Belich, isn't he with the Patriots? He's one of my favorite players.
Yes, Charlize Theron and Tom Hardy star in it. Do you like them?
Yes, she did. Have you seen that one? It's a great movie.
Yes, she is also a musician, actor and television personality.
I'm not sure who Nicky Katt is in it, but it is a Justice league movie as well.
Sure, anything else I can help you with?
E Lockhart wrote The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks, and the Boyfriend List. Have you read any of those?
It was released in 2014
Other books by E. Lockhart include the Rum Diary and The Big Lebowski
You're welcome
Do you like it because it is a drama or a crime fiction?
Good choice. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes, it does. It's also a film.
Yes it was. It was released in 2002. He also directed The Transporter starring Paul Kavanaugh.
Ok, it is available. Enjoy!
Yes, he is a great football player form Wales.
He is a Midfielder.
No, I did not. It's a Wales national football team.
She is a musician, lyracist, and composer. I am not familiar with her work though.
I haven't heard much of her music but I'm more of a fan of Music.
I'm sorry, I do not know much about her music. I'm sorry.
Yes, it was written by Stephen King. Are you a fan of him?
I have not, but if you like The Silence of the Lambs, I think you will enjoy it!
I do, especially The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys. Have you seen that one?
Emily Griffin is an American professional basketball player for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association. Are you interested in basketball?
It was released in 2012 and written in English.
Yes, it is a movie. Nick Cassavetes and Jada Pinkett Smith also played in it.
You're welcome.
Kazuo Ishiguro wrote "Never Let Me Go".
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I am not sure about that, but I can tell you that Zoe's Tale is a science fiction film as well.
Your welcome
I know he played on Poland's national football team
He plays the Midfielder
He was born in Warsaw
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren. what else can i do for you today?
Sure. The Selection is a series of books written by Kiera Cass. Kiera Cass also wrote The Siren. It was released in 2011.
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
You are welcome, enjoy!
Did you like X-Men because it starred Hugh Jackman or because it was a sci-fi/action film?
I agree, action movies are very good. If I had to choose, I would recommend The Running Man or The Dead Zone. I believe those are both great.
Hugh Jackman and Laurence Fishburne were in it. Do you know the first one?
I think so. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, Gone Girl is a mystery, crime, thriller. Do you like those types of books?
Good to know! It was released in 2006 and is a science fiction novel. Have you read it?
You're welcome!
Have you watched Zathura: A Space Adventure, A Dog of Flanders ? They are adventure movies.
It was written by Orson Wells. It's a novel as well.
It is a Fiction, similar to Zoe's Tale.
It's a historical novel. It was written by Tipping Point Point.
Malcolm Gladwell also wrote What the dog Saw and Other Adventures.
Yes, he does. Are you a fan of his?
You're welcome.
Sure! Doug Liman directed both Fair Game and Swingers. He also produced Fair Game as well as The Bourne Identity.
Fair Game is a drama.
White House Down is a great one starring Valerie Plame
Jamie Lee Curtis and Dwayne Johnson
He directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, and Amadeus. Would you like to see something he was in?
Yes, he also wrote Amadeus, which is a historical fiction.
Yes, Adding now. Enjoy the movie!
C. S. Lewis wrote it and released it in 1953. He also wrote The Chronicles of Narnia - the Lion, the Witch, and The Wardrobe. I think you'd like it too.
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is a fantasy book, released in 1950. It is the next in the series, The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.
The Silver Chair was released in 1953. It is part of the series, The Chronicles of Narnia series.
You're welcome!
He is an athlete who plays cricket for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
I am not a big fan of cricket. I only know a bit about it. I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
I have not. Is he a good player?
I love him! I especially enjoy his earlier music with Maroon 5
I don't know if he acted in any movies. He did write the song This Love. Are you familiar with that movie?
He has starred in movies like There's Something About Mary, SpongeBob SquarePants Movie, and the most famous The Voice
It was written by James Frey. Do you enjoy speculative fiction?
Sure, he's also written One More Light and The Giver. Are you familiar with those?
You are welcome. It's a great book.
Awesome. You are welcome.
Michael Crichton is not only an author but a film producer and director as well. He wrote the book Disclosure. Does this interest you?
he has written The Making of star wars
it is a thriller
you're welcome!
I do not know much about him other than he plays German football.
I like American Football. What about you?
Then I also like watching Carolina Panthers. What is your favorite team?
Sure! Ken Kesey wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest & he starred in Go Further.
Yes he is! He wrote "The Looking Glass Wars" and "The Honeymooners."
I don't have any more information on Sometimes a Great Notion. I do know that he is a writer as well.
Sure! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, Paulo Coelho is a very well known writer. He wrote The Alchemist and The Pilgrimage. Would you like to know more about these books?
He wrote The Virgin Suicides and The Silver Chair.
It's a fiction.
You're welcome.
Sure, G.O. Tom Brady is a professional footballer who plays as a forward for the New England Patriots.
Matt Damon and Dane Cook. Are you a fan of either?
Eva Mendes has also starred in Hocus Pocus and Concussion.
Yes it is a great movie. It starred Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Cruise. Do you like war movies?
Sure! He was in American Sniper. He was also in the movie The Truth About Forever. Have you seen it?
It is a drama and a comedy. It's really good.
Anytime!
Yes. I like Martin Scorsese. He wrote The Last Dragon, The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia, to name a few.
Sure. Gangs of New York starring Robert De Niro is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You might also like The Handmaid's Tale. Have you seen that one?
You might also like the animated version of the novel called The Time Traveler's Wife. It is the best.
Sure. It also stars Sean Penn. It's a comedy that you might like.
It's a good one, it also stars Laurence Fishburne, Debra Winger and Jodi Foster.
You're welcome.
Yes, all three of the films, plus the Christmas film Toy Story That Time Forgot, are available.
Yes. He starred in That Thing You Do and also in That Thing You Do.
Yes, he wrote Larry Crowne, and it is a Romantic Comedy.
Larry Crowne is a romantic comedy and it's a Drama.
I would have to agree, do you want me to send it to you?
You're very welcome!
Yes I do! I highly recommend Kingdom of Heaven.
Yes I can. Liam Neeson also starred in Wrath of the Titans and Unknown.
The Lord of the Rings was produced by J.R.R. Tolkien.
Enjoy!
I think they are one of the worst teams in the AFC north.
Yes, the same year they won the Super Bowl XLVII championship!
I like the Dallas Cowboys. They are having a good season so far, so I'm not really sure.
I am a Yankee fun, I believe that says at all lol. The Red Sox are coached by John Farrell and Tom Werner. Do you like Baseball?
Yes they are from Monmouth Beach. Have you been to any of the games?
Me either but I do like the New York Giants.
I did not see that one. That was a great movie!
He wrote The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, and A Princess of Mars.
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
Would you like recommendations for movies similar to Divergent?
Legend of Tarzan is similar. what else can i do for you today?
you are welcome. Enjoy!
Of course! Do you prefer Fiction or Fantasy?
Goonies starred Ben Stiller, Robert Davi and Richard Donner to name a few. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes she is! I love her music. Did you know she was in Men in Black 3?
Yeah, he is. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I m not sure, but I know she is married to Shoaib Malik.
Are you referring to the book written by Jhumpa Lahiri
Yes, I like fiction. It is also considered a war film.
It is also a thriller. I think you might like Shark Night.
Dr. Seuss wrote The Lorax and The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss. Do you like any of these?
Theodore is a children's literature written by Therese Raquin
Yes The Lorax was released in 1999
Sneetches and Other Stories is very popular
Yes
I think they are alright. Did you know thier mascot is warpaint?
I'm a New York Giants fan to be honest. How about you?
It is a thriller written by Alex Garland. Do you like thrillers?
He also wrote Never let me go which is also science-fiction as well.
Yes he has. He has made some films into movies. I think they would be a good one.
Great! I hope that you enjoy them!
My favorite is Gangster Squad.
It was released in 1942
It is crime fiction
Your welcome
I do! Luftslottet som sprängdes was written by Stieg Larsson, and Reg Keeland.
You might also enjoy Luftslottet som sprängdes.
Yes, he wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you read those?
He wrote Seven Samurai and directed Seven Samurai. Do you want to hear more titles?
From what I can tell, he directed one called Yojimbo. He also directed Seven Samurai.
Two similar movies are Yojimbo and Ran. I would recommend checking them out.
Anytime! Enjoy.
The Good, the Bad, the Weird is a great one similar to Oldboy.
Confessions is starring Jennifer Lawrence. Anything else i can answer?
Revolting Rhymes is an excellent comedy film. Anything else I can help you with?
you are welcome
They're OK. They're coached by Wayne Weaver and Shahid Khan, right?
I like the Buffalo Bills.
Me too! I like the Dallas Cowboys. I also like Dallas Cowboys.
Yes, I do he was very talented and an all around performer. He wrote Dancing on the Dream which is one of my favorites.
Yes, I have that movie, it is a nice movie starring Men in Black II.
Yes, I think he was also in a movie called No Country for Old Men.
Yeah! Do you like Scream because it is a horror film?
Then you might like World War Z, or Walking Tall. Do you like those?
Brad Pitt also starred in Troy, have you seen it?
I do like them. The team is coached by John Farrell.
Kind of, I like the Orioles, too. Who's your favorite player on that team?
Oh. They're only one game up in the AFC right now.
He is best known for his movie Night Watch, and then he also wrote Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter.
Sure, it is a thriller directed by Brian Reeves and stars Jennifer Freeman. Do you like thrillers?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Oh yes, he wrote X men 2 a sci fi movie.
That is correct. Would you like to know more about Hugh Jackman?
That's right! He also wrote The Wolverine. Have you seen it?
I can! Douglas Adams was written by David McDuff, who also wrote The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy.
1986 was the year that released The Handmaid's Tale, written by Adams, and based on the original.
I can tell you that The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy was released the same year as The Restaurant at the End of the Universe released the same year.
ok great enjoy!
What a great movie! Are you a fan of Marlon Brando?
Ok. He wrote Apocalypse Now, which was directed by Joseph Conrad.
Marlon Brando is great! He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. and The Godfather Part II.
Great! Marlon Brando is known for starring in The Godfather Part II and Apocalypse Now.
Yes, he was good in that movie!
That is a great choice. Then you'll enjoy The Godfather II!
I used to like them a lot under Brett Farve as their quarterback. Since he retired, they're just not as exciting.
Oh wow, I know that. What place do they play at again?
Who is your favorite team? I am a fan of Pittsburgh.
I don't have a big opinion about them. The team is owned by Virginia Halas McCaskey. I haven't watched them much.
Ok, I'm actually a Bears fan myself! Do you have a favorite team?
I like baseball too! I'm a Padres fan.
That movie stars Zooey Deschanel
They both starred in Beautiful Creatures, which is a romance film. Do you also like romantic films?
You Again is a Lie. It was directed by David Ayer and produced by Robert Louis Stevenson.
No problem. Are you looking for more names by the author Jhumpa Lahiri
Well, I can tell you that the author wrote it: The Namesake and also wrote Linger, Forever, and Three Cups of Tea.
Xenocide is a science fiction novel by American writer Orson Scott Card.
Will do. Enjoy!
Thomas F. Wilson starred in Zoom. are you into Science Fiction movies?
Thomas F. Wilson starred in this film also in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
Enjoy!
I do. He composed The Christmas Blessing, He also composed for the movie Footloose. Have you heard it?
His record label is Ultra Music. Do you like country music?
I don't know where he played. However, I do know he started as a guitarist.
Yes I can. She wrote Pretty Little Liar the genre is Teen Drama, do you like teen drama?
Yes! It was made into a TV series called Pretty Little Liars. It stars Jake Gyllenhaal and is a comedy.
I'm not sure. However, I would recommend The Tailor Soldier and The Mask. Both of these are dramas.
You're welcome! Enjoy.
I think they are a good team. Especially having Peter Reid in their team. Do you like them?
I love America football. My favorite team is the Redskins. Do you like football?
Exactly! I don't know much about college football. Do you like Army's quarterback?
I don't know much about them. Who are their key players?
I think Mike Tomlin is a great coach. I'm also a fan of the Pittsburgh Steelers.
I didn't know that! I think the Buccaneers were runner ups in Super Bowl XLVII.
Yes he starred in The Storm and Thelma & Louise
Sean Penn and Sharlto Copley were both in it.
You got it. Enjoy!
Enjoy the movie!
Laura Esquivel wrote Como agua para chocolate and she is also a teacher.
That was also the year it was released
Yes she did, and Mary Higgins Clark also wrote Percy Jackson
You're welcome
The Memory Keeper's daughter original language is English
Kim Edwards was born in Killeen, Texas and Penned the book.
Your welcome.
Sure, he wrote Defending Jacob in 2012.
Have you seen it? It's a movie too.
It's a thriller. It's about a serial killer called the case of a murderer.
Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors and The Secret Adversary. What kind of books do you like reading?
It was released in 2004
Your welcome
Sure, he wrote many great works like Romeo and Juliet, The Tragedy of Othello, The Moor of Venice to name a few.
What You Will is a drama/romance novel written by William Shakespeare.
I hope you enjoy it!
He's directed several films including headhunters
The Imitation Game is starring Rory Kinnear and Benedict Cumberbatch
Cool, enjoy the movie!
Sure! A Thousand Splendid Suns is written by the same author!
Sure, he has actually written A Thousand Splendid Suns, And The Mountains Echoed, and The Kite Runner.
Great, enjoy!
I'm not sure. Did you know that he's from Whiplash?
He is also the Executive Producer and a producer.
The movie is about a murderer who runs a ranch and the daughter's love life.
Enjoy!
OK. Have a great day.
She starred in Wonder Women 2017, also in Solider 1998
Sure! Shaun Evans starred in it as well and it's a psychological thriller.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
He is ok. He was in Friends with Benefits and The Social Network.
It was released in 2012 and is a comedy genre
Wasn't she on that show with Will Smith? I remember watching that one too.
Yes, it was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It's considered Speculative fiction.
Do you like the author Harper Lee or the genre fiction?
Then you might enjoy the book "Go Set a Watchman" or "The Next Person You Meet in Heaven".
Sure. I hope you enjoy it.
The Last Lecture was released in 2008 a non fiction genre. It shows it was written by two different authors.
That's right, he did star in the Star Trek series.
Sure, I'll add it now.
Yes, Jonathan Levine directed The Wackness, starring Mary Kate Olsen. It's a romantic comedy
The Wackness is a drama and comedy.
Tom Wilkinson starred in Wackness.
I hope you enjoy it!
Have you read The Man in the Iron Mask or Rob Roy?
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror are also by Robert Louis Stevenson. Have you read it?
Ok, let me know if you need anything else.
Great, I will add it to your list.
I remember he directed a suspense thriller movie in the late 1980s called Frantic. That movies starred Harrison Ford
Would you like to hear about other movies he wrote?
2008
Writter Suzanne Collins also wrote Gregor the Overlander and Mockinjay.
You might enjoy The Wolverine or Van Helsing.
Yes, that's correct.
You're welcome.
Sure! Donnie Darko is a Thriller written by Richard Kelly and stars Seth Rogen. Do you like Thriller movies?
He was in the movie True Grit and The Usual Suspects.
Yes he was in that as well!
He also starred in Silent Running.
I'm not sure when it was released.
Of course! She wrote Frankenstein. It also goes by the title The Modern Prometheus.
Frankenstein is an old piece that was released in 1818.
Frankenstein is written in English and is also considered a thriller.
You're welcome!
It is a psychological thriller and drama. Do you like those genres?
There are several, including Brad Pitt, Katharine McPhee, and Joshua Leonard.
You're welcome.
Yes. He wrote Im Westen nichts Neues in 1929.
She wrote Im Westen nichts Neues and Drei Kameraden. Are you into English?
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy your book.
Yes he directed The Siege. Did you know he also wrote The Last Samurai?
Yes, you are correct. He is in The Siege. He's a great actor.
Yes, Edward Zwick is in that film. If you like Denzel Washington, you should check out The Great Debaters.
You're right. Snoop Dogg was in Training Day.
You are correct. He was in Volcano High.
No problem!
I like their mascot Mr. Met. Do you like them?
I see. I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
I like baseball too. Who's your favorite team?
Sure! He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
It was released in 2005 and written by Stephen J. Dubner
I don't have that information unfortunately, but I do know it was written by Stephen J. Dubner
Of course. I hope you enjoy it!
I know he wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly as well as Once Upon a Time in the West.
Yes, he did. Eli Wallach also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
He also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
Absolutely. The Good, the Bad and the Ugly and Once Upon a Time in the West are also great movies with the same genre.
Yes, enjoy and have a great day!
No problem. Enjoy.
The writter Kurt Vonnegut Jr. wrote Timequake and Welcome to the Monkey House. Have you heard of them?
I don't know any other Authors, but Kurt Vonnegut Jr. wrote Welcome to the Monkey House which has a genre Speculative fiction.
Then you might enjoy Welcome to the Monkey House or Weaveworld.
He has directed several movies like There's Something about Mary starring Beatrice Sparks and X-Men: First Class. Would you like to know more?
Daniel Radcliffe starred in it. Do you like him?
I believe so. If you like thrillers, you'll enjoy The Civil War.
Sure! He starred in Unlawful Entry and The Vatican Tapes.
That was released in 2001 and starred Carmen Argenziano.
Patricia Clarkson starred in it as well. It is a science fiction movie, do you like those kinds of movies?
Brad Garrett starred in Underdog ,The Pacifier,The Country Bears and The Clockwork Girl among other movies
Underdog is a science fiction film starring Marc John Jefferies, Jeff Bridges, and Denzel Washington.
Jay Leno has also starred in Wreck-It Ralph which is a comedy and is a drama.
They are. Didn't they win the Super Bowl last year?
If I'm not mistaken, they also are owned by Jeffrey Lurie.
I always prefer to watch the Seattle Seahawks.
I like the Washington Redskins and New York Giants.
Ara Celi has most notably starred in American Beauty, alongside Peter Gallagher, it's a Drama and is really good!
It also stars Annette Bening. She is a great actress.
Yes, it is. This movie is based on a true story.
That's a great movie. Did you know it stars William Hurt and Ty Burrell?
You might like The Incredible Hulk starring William Hurt and Ty Burrell.
I think that was released in 2010. It's also a great action movie.
You're very welcome! Enjoy.
Die Hard With A Vengeance is a similar movie to Die Hard.
Then you might enjoy White Fang or World War Z. Have you seen either of those?
Did you like the movie because it was a Thriller or because it was a zombie movie?
Absolutely! He also starred in all of the movie Troy, as well as X-Men 2.
Sure, enjoy the movies!
Yes, he has starred in We Don't Live Here Anymore, The Truman Show, Civic Duty and Beastly. Would you like more information about one of these?
Yes, she is. I think you'll enjoy her movies.
Yes! She has also starred in Funny Games - a thriller film, and a biographical film called The Crazies.
Yes. it stars Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman.
Other thriller movies I would recommend are X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Van Helsing and Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen.
I am not sure about that, but Ryan Reynolds was in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back and Channing Tatum.
You are welcome, goodbye.
He directed The Incredible Hulk and Now You See Me.
The Transporter stars William Hurt and Ty Burrell. Are you a fan of these actors?
He had a starring role in The Transporter. Would you like to know more about that film?
Good Will Hunting is written by Matt Damon. Do you like dramas?
Vampire Slayer is starring Ryan Reynolds and Jack Nicholson.
Yes, it is. Ben Affleck also wrote Good Will Hunting.
The Town is a horror movie based on the true story of an English Gentleman and His Girl, Interstellar, a horror film.
No problem, have a great night!
He wrote a book called Pretties. Were you aware that it was made into a movie?
Sure. Madame Bovary is a romance novel released in 1856. Also, it was released in 1856.
It was released in 1856. Would you like to know more about it?
It is a Romance novel. If you like romance novels I suggest you try The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
If you like Literary Realism, you might like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Collateral stars Tom Cruise .Do you like Thrillers?
Well, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick, and he also directed 2001: A Space Odyssey. Do you like him as a director?
Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder, and The Shining.
I don't know when it was released. I do know that Tom Cruise produced the film.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
Bruce Willis also stars in Hudson Hawk
Bruce Willis was in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen that one?
Well, there is one called Hudson Hawk. Have you seen that one?
ok great. hope you enjoy it
Let me see, I know that he's a Songwriter. Were you aware that he sung New Perspective?
Then, Oliver Platt and Tika Sumpter are similar to him
I don't know much about Country music. I prefer Country music, do you like Country music?
Oh yes, he starred in The Halloween Tree and The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you seen those?
Yes, he was in Star Trek III
It was written by Hilda Rosner and Hermann Hesse. It was released in 1922. Do you like the older books?
Sure, Hilda's work was published in 1910 and has also a novel called The Door Into Summer.
That came out in 1922. It's a great book.
Your welcome.
He starred in You Again, Wolfen and Turner and Hooch. Have you seen any of those?
Jamie Lee Curtis starred in How I Got That Way, which is a comedy.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote Life of Pi. Have you read that one? It's a Fiction novel.
I'm more of a fan of adventure, but I would recommend World Without End.
Yes, she did. Have you seen the film?
It is, I highly recommend it!
I have The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories is written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is written by DH Lawrence
You are welcome, there is anything else I can help you with ?
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is also a good one.
I don't know much about him other than he's a basketball player. Can you tell me more?
Well, Warriors is a basketball team and from what I can tell. Do you like basketball?
Not really, I think it is a good player
Sure, some great books he's written are: Teacher Man, Angels & Demons, and Tis: A Memoir.
A similar book is Teacher Man.
you are welcome
It's a good book written by J.R.R Tolkien.
A couple of his books that you might like are The Silence of the Lambs: Red Dragon, Hannibal, and Hannibal Rising. Have you read any of those?
It was released in 2004. It is also written by Thomas Harris.
Enjoy!
They are my favorite La Liga team, do you like them as well?
I don't think so. Who is your favorite athlete?
They play in Madrid
Jack London wrote To Have and Have Not, And he also wrote The Sea Wolf.
Seven Pounds and When the Wind Blows are also great fiction books.
It has a nice cast, do you like it because it is a boxing drama?
That's right. Did you see it? It also stars Mila Kunis. I highly recommend it.
I haven't seen it. But I've heard it's good.
Yes, that is very interesting. Did you know Peter Jason also starred in Cruise of the Gods?
Great. I think you'll enjoy it.
Do you like comedies because it is a comedy?
It was released in 2009, and is a romance / comedy.
Oh yes. That is a good one. She wrote The Very Hungry Caterpillar. Have you read it?
He wrote and starred in The Tales of Beedle the Bard.
Great. Have you read the book or seen the movie?
There are so many great ones to check out. World Without End is a great one for you.
The Divergent Series is a fantasy novel by Jane Austen. Would you like to read it?
You're very welcome!
Yes, Andrew Adamson wrote all three Shreks
Shrek 2 is an animated family genre. Would you like to watch that?
I'm not a fan of the Mets. I do know they are in the American League which is the same as the Baltimore Orioles which is my favorite team!
I haven't. But I heard they're a good team.
That's the only one I really know about it. Did you ever watch the National League?
Thomas Lennon starred in The Pacifier, The Social Network, and The Human Stain to name a few. Do you like him?
Yes, it is a TV series and he starred in the movie The Truman Show.
I think she is a great singer and actress. Did you know she starred in The Lone Ranger?
the best team is the Redskins. Do you like football?
Agreed. Anything else I can help you with?
Definitely! It was written and directed by Iain Canning and released in 2005. Do you enjoy Action Adventure movies?
He wrote The Goonies and A.I. Artificial Intelligence.
I do not know the release date
I am more of a Green Bay Packer fan but John Fox is a pretty good coach of that football team. Do you like them?
I didn't know that! What sports are your favorite team?
Yea, I'm not familiar with that. He was a former American football player and former coach of the Denver Broncos.
Great! I will definitely add that one to my watch list.
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
I've seen them a few times when they've played the Atlanta Braves. Aren't they in the National League too?
I guess so. Are you a fan of the Mets?
I like Field of Dreams too. Do you like Sci-Fi?
Derrick Rose is an American professional basketball player for the Minnesota Timberwolves of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
I do like LeBron James. He's a good basketball player.
No I haven't. I love his acting. He's a good judge.
Of course, Men in Black was written by Robert Duvall and David Oyelowo who also wrote Never Let Me Go.
Yes, would you like to know about other Sci-fi films that he wrote?
Yes, it was a sequel, very well received and there is a lot of action in it!
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie!
Sure! If you like Batman Begins, you must like Adventure films?
I'm not sure about that, but the first in the series is Inception.
Enjoy the movies!
He wrote The Mad Ship and The Golden Fool.
The Mad Ship was released in 2005. The Golden Fool was released in 2005.
Sure, Timequake is about time travel. Mother Night is science fiction. Do you like either of those genres?
It's a drama. Do you like those kinds of books?
One of my favorites is Xenocide ,Sequel: Zoe's Tale
There's American Psycho, Primal Fear and Seven
I am not sure who starred in that movie. Are you familiar with American History X?
Lake of Fire stars Kenneth Branagh and Kevin James, it's a war film.
You're welcome.
E.V. Rieu wrote
E.V. Rieu wrote
He is also a teacher and from the United States
Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
It's a non-fiction book. It was released in 2012.
Your welcome
If You Give a Mouse a Cookie is written by Felicia Bond and was released in 1985.
Yes. J.K. Rowling wrote If You Take a Mouse to the Movies and If You Give a Pig a Pancake.
Great, enjoy!
Well, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick, and he also directed 2001: A Space Odyssey. Do you like him as a director?
To Kill a Mockingbird and The Manchurian Candidate might be a good choice.
I do not have that information.
I am glad to help.
Charles Duhigg wrote The Power of Habit. what else can i do for you?
The Power of Habit was released in 2011
Absolutely, Enjoy
What a great movie! Are you a fan of Marlon Brando?
Yes he is a great coach. Did you know that they won the 2008 NBA Finals?
Yes he is. He is still the owner of the Celtics.
I think Jerry Reinsdorf has done a great job turning the franchise around.
Chicago Bulls : Team Owned by Jerry Reinsdorf
I haven't heard that, but I hope they will make the playoffs.
your welcome
Dear John is written by Nicholas Sparks. anything else i can do for you?
Yeah, it was a good one. It was released in 2001 and is a Thriller.
I hope you enjoy it!
Hush is a great movie similar to Crescendo
Well it was written by Jane Austen and there is a next in series called Emma you might enjoy.
Other romance novels include Sense and Sensibility and Pride and Prejudice.
It is a romance novel that was published in 1817.
You're welcome.
I love Linkin Park, especially the song Somewhere I Belong, it's really nice.
Have you heard of American Gangster? He's a pretty good rapper.
Andrew Stanton directed Finding Nemo. Finding Nemo is a family genre. Do you enjoy family genre movies?
It was released in 2002 and co-produced by Andrew Stanton also directed WALL-E.
Yes she does. Ellen DeGeneres also starred in WALL-E.
You are welcome!
Phil LaMarr starred in Zambezia
Yes, and she is in it too. Have you seen it?
I have a couple of my favorite family movies. The Joy Luck Club is a good one
Will do. Have a great day.
Yes, He's an Indian International Cricketer who was a very well rounded player
I don't know anything about cricket, but I know he's married to Maria Sharapova.
That's right. He was a writer and an actor.
From the looks of him he is from Oakland
From what I can see, Paul Allen is the owner of the Portland Trail Blazers.
I do like Seattle Seahawks, too! They're my favorite team!
Yes I do! The King's Speech is a historical drama that was written by Issac Asimov and Gareth Unwin.
Yes that is correct, she did a tv role in it as well. Have you seen it?
Same here, I like it, too, would you like me to recommend another TV series?
I like her song La Tortura. Did you hear this song?
Yes, Sia performed Titanium and I love it. She is from Adelaide.
She is a very talented singer but I will have to look her up
They're a pretty good team, I think Khalil Mack is an awesome linebacker!
Oh, I see. I agree that they're a great team. Since they're having a good season, I can't wait to see their game against the New York Giants tomorrow.
That's great! They are a very good team and always seem to be very entertaining!
He is from Oklahoma and plays basketball. Are you a fan?
I believe he is a point guard. I don't really follow him.
I don't know, but he is very good. He won NBA Rookie of the Year Award.
Do you like drama? I would suggest The Pillars of the Earth.
Yes, Hayley Atwell also starred in The Pillars of the Earth.
OK, she has starred in The Pillars of the Earth and Cupcake. Have you seen either of those?
You're welcome. Enjoy the movies!
Yes, that is a great movie written by John Logan.
Oh yes, she is a star in Drama and Thriller if you're interested.
Were they coached by Lovie Smith? Or Greg Schiano?
I do as well. Do you know who is he?
I like football and baseball. What about you?
Well it was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like that author? She also wrote the Harry Potter series.
Okay. I would recommend Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. It's also in the fantasy genre.
It's a great book. I think you'll enjoy it.
Great, I think you'll enjoy them!
Sure! He is super talented! He wrote, directed, and starred in Annie Hall and To Rome with Love.
It stars Ralph Fiennes and Rupert Everett. It's a great romance film.
I hope you enjoy it.
Spirited Away was written by Hayao Miyazaki also wrote Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind.
You might like Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, or X-Men 2. Have you seen any of those?
Oh my gosh, if you're into comedies then you might enjoy Your Highness or Vanilla Sky.
You're welcome!
He wrote such great books as The Virgin Suicides and The Picture of Dorian Gray. Have you read either?
It is a Fiction Novel that was written in 1993.
It was released in 1993. It's a great book about life.
You're welcome
Sure, I bet you do. I like it because it was written by Judd apatow and also it stars Seth Rogen, Rosie Perez, and Robert Longstreet to name a few.
Seth Rogen starred in The Watch and The Huntsman. Have you seen either of these?
Yes, Mindy Kaling has a great cast. He also starred in Pineapple Express and The Green Hornet.
Hope you like it!
Yes, he wrote The Virgin Suicides, The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Vespers Rising. Have you read any of those?
Yes. Miranda Richardson was also in Gideon's Daughter.
Yes, it is a fantasy film.
Of course!
Oh yes, I love her! Wasn't she on American Idol? Do you like her music?
I like Hello, and I also like Ed Sheran and Shakira,
I'll check it out, and I like it too. Thanks for the info.
Inception is directed by Christopher Nolan. He also wrote the Dark Knight.
He directed The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
Inception is starring Michael Caine and Margot Robbie.
The Prestige is also considered a Sci-Fi film as well.
I'm not sure. However, I can tell you The Hunger Games is a drama film
Enjoy the film!
He's a football player who plays for the Brazil national football team
Wow, I had no idea. What do you know about Dani Alves?
They're currently in 2nd place with the NFC North and they are 4 games behind the 1st place Rams. It's not looking too good for them to win their division.
Yeah, they are doing pretty well this season. They haven't won a lot of superbowls this year.
Well, I believe they're doing well so far, so I'm not sure.
Well, I can say that Nicolas Cage starred in this movie. Would you like to hear more of his movies?
It is a book about social criticism from the 18th century England. Are you interested in that book?
How about A Tale of Two Cities, do you like that book?
It is actually an adventure film, produced by Charles Dickens.
I don't really know much about working class but I do know that it is also a book about life of young woman.
You're welcome
Kierra Cass wrote The Siren. what else can i do for you today?
Sure, she also wrote The Siren. It's considered a classic.
It's a young-adult fiction and was released in 2011.
You're welcome.
Would you like more movies with Tom Cruise in it or do you like movies with Tom Cruise in it?
Yes, it is. They are action packed as well.
Romance. You might enjoy The Last Samurai.
No problem, I hope you enjoy it!
Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell. He also wrote Animal Farm.
Animal Farm is a historical fiction. It was released in 1949. Do you enjoy those types of books?
You're welcome!
He wrote Relato de un naufrago
He wrote a lot, he has written in the English language, such as The Bourne Legacy, and Inheritance Cycle.
It was written by Terry Pratchett. Would you like to know more about the book?
Well, from what I've read, he also wrote Gonzo the Art and The Joke's Over.
I hope you enjoy it.
Adam Brown has starred in The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug and the other Hobbit films.
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome, have a great day!
Bradley Cooper starred in The Words, a mystery thriller. Have you seen it?
The Woods is a drama and directed by Bradley Cooper. It was released in 1997.
It is a horror movie and it is directed by Roland Emmerich.
Have you read the Fellowship of the Ring?
It is a romance novel. what else can i do for you?
no what else can i do for you?
you are welcome
The Tell Tale Heart, The Black Cat and Hop Frog are some of his work. Are you interested in poems?
Raven was released in 1843.
You're welcome.
I know Cesc Fàbregas is an athlete and plays for the Spain National Football team. Do you like Football?
Some have heard of them but I don't know much about them.
Not that I know of. That is where the team is located.
Aladdin was written by John Grisham and stars Aladdin. Do you like Aladdin because it is a Thriller?
There was a Wolverine starring Robert Duvall and Richard Portnow.
You might enjoy the movie on Netflix. It's a family movie.
The Good Thief starring Said Taghmaoui, it is an Action Thriller and I highly recommend it.
Philip Seymour Hoffman starred in it. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, he did, as well as The End of the Affair. Would you like to know more about the actors?
Glad to be of assistance!
Quentin Tarantino have directed Pulp Fiction, Kill Bill and more.
Yes he was in that movie. Do you like his music?
He also wrote House o 1000 and The Fast and the Furious.
No problem!
Downfalls in the genre of War. Do you like War films?
It stars Willie Garson and Marcia DeBonis. Do you like any of them?
Angelina Jolie is also in it, do you like her?
Your welcome!
Wasn't he a featured artist on the dance-pop album Unbroken?
Oh yes. I like her song Super Bass. Are you a fan of this genre?
Oh wow. That's a very interesting song. Wasn't he in a movie too? Those are my favorite Thrillers.
Yes, it written by Cassandra Clare and released 2014. Have you read it?
Yes she also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set.
Yes, The Mortal Instruments is a series
You're welcome.
By David Sedaris? I love that book. Have you read it?
Oh, that's right! I think you'll really enjoy it.
My pleasure, let me know if you need more recommendations.
Fred Willard starred in Youth in Revolt and Roxanne, both Romantic comedies. Do you like that genre?
I am not certain the genre but it is a comedy
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy the movie.
Great! Have a great day!
You're welcome!
That was a dramatic movie starring Ato Essandoh. It was produced by Graham King, I am Sam might be something you like
Did you know that Djimon Hounsou directed the movie?
The Lord of War was released in 2004
Sure! She's starred in City of Bones and RoboCop 3. Have you seen either of those?
RoboCop 3. He also starred in The Life and Death of Peter Sellers. Would you like to know more?
Yes, he is in The Polar Express. Would you like to know more about him?
No, I do not know who she is known for her movies. Are you interested in comedy?
She has starred in another movie called The Devil Wears Prada, which is a romance film.
Yes she was, I believe so. Anne Hathaway also starred in The Iron Lady.
Glad I could help!
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was released in 2001.
Wolverine, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was also released in 1997.
Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Small Steps. They are both childrens literature. Do you enjoy reading that genre?
Then you'll like Without Fail, Witches Abroad, and Wolf Brother. They are both fiction.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Dan Gilroy wrote Angels & Demons and also The Dharma Bums.
The Bourne Legacy is starring Matt Damon and was released in 2013. Does that interest you?
The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum directed The Bourne Legacy.
Hayao Miyazaki directed Unaccustomed Earth, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It is considered a romance, similar to To The Lighthouse and The Fountains of Paradise.
Miguel Artela had a starring role in that film. If you like historical drama, Hayao Miyazaki also starred in The Train.
Yes, this movie is an Indie film based on a true story and falls into a drama.
Sure, he wrote There Will be Blood and The Master. He's been involved in a lot of different movies. Would you like to hear more?
There are two of the most known stars in that movie. It was written by Paul F. Scott Fitzgerald.
You are welcome, enjoy the movie!
Sure! Paula Hawkins wrote The Grand Budapest Hotel and The Bridge of San Luis Rey, have you read any of these?
The Girl on the Train is a Drama written by Paula Hawkins and Greg Bear, have you read that?
Sure, have a good day.
No problem. Enjoy the book!
Sure, have you read To Kill a Mockingbird, The Manchurian Candidate, and The House of Mirth.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I haven't read it either. But I heard it's a great book.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, it is. Anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome.
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Pinn was influenced by Vladimir Naokov. He also wrote A Modest Proposal
Yes, it was also written by Vladimir Naokov
It is a fantasy book
No problem
If you like Memoirs of a Geisha, then i would recommend you to check out The Commoner, Pachinko
The novel is written by J.R.R Tolkien
He wrote Memoirs of a Geisha, have you read it?
Your welcome
He is ok but I think his Spouse Hayden Panettiere is great
Yes, it is!
I'm not sure about Anna Paquin, but I do know she starred in Sweet Home Alabama.
That's true. So funny. I'm always happy to help.
Green Eggs and Ham was written by Doctor Seuss.
There's a version of Wocket in the Pocket. That's a great Speculative fiction book.
That's correct! Have you heard of The Cat in the Hat?
My favorite Kung Fu Panda is a great comedy and adventure movie.
Oh yea, that's one of my favorites. He's been in Wrath of the Titans and Unknown.
Yes! She was in Superbad with Emma Stone.
No problem!
Yes E.B. White wrote The Elements of Style and Stuart Little. Have you read them?
Sure. Safe Haven was written by Nicholas Sparks. It's a romance drama and a romance novel. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Natalie Portman and Ben Stiller are the main stars.
It was released in 2004. Do you want to know more information about this movie?
You may also like Zombieland, which is also a comedy.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, do you like it because it is directed by James Cameron or because it is Action movie?
Yes, that is correct. Glenn Plummer and Oprah Winfrey were also in it.
I don't know, but I do know that he directed The Women of Brewster Place.
Sure. I hope you enjoy it.
Natascha McElhone is an actress, she was also in The Truman Show and Solaris
The Truman Show was released in 2004. It also stars Jim Carrey.
Deception Point is a novel written by Dan Brown. It is a thriller and was released in 2002.
It is considered a thriller and science fiction
He wrote the Where the Wild Things Are and The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss. Have you read either of those?
Little Bear is a Speculative fiction, do you like that genre?
Here are other family shows that you might enjoy; The Book of Mormon, The Invisible Man, and The Book of Mormon.
Enjoy!
You're welcome!
He directed the science fiction film Eraserhead.
Inland Empire is a fantasy movie.
I don't have that information, but if you like science fiction you may want to check out Dark City.
It was released in 1996.
Sure. I hope you enjoy it.
Your welcome.
Gone with the Wind is written by Margaret Mitchell. She also wrote Friends with Benefits.
How about Tender is the Night?
I am not sure about that one. However I know it was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald.
Your welcome.
Sure, Ellen starred in When a Man Loves a Woman with Andy Garcia. Have you ever watched that?
The tennis player? I haven't watched tennis in a while. Is there news about him?
Yes, I do like Serena. I know she is married to Mirka Federer. She was amazing in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Yes, he also plays for the Seattle Seahawks.
Go Set a Watchman is similar to To Kill a Mockingbird.
To Kill a Mockingbird is in the drama genre, have you seen The Manchurian Candidate?
You are welcome.
I love her music. My favorite is I'm Not Dead by Pink. What is yours?
I do like her music. Did you know she won a Grammy for Best Male Video of the Year?
Wow, I didn't know that. That's a good sport. Do you know she has a daughter?
Yes, he starred in the show O.C
Yes, it is a movie starring Sandra Bullock and Kevin Costner. Do you like Thrillers?
The O.C. is a romantic comedy starring Peter Gallagher.
You are welcome.
The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non'Believer is a popular one that he wrote.
The Portable Atheist and Alice Adventures in Wonderland is a fantasy novel.
The Portable Atheist and Alice's Adventures in Wonderland is the only book he has written.
Happy reading!
Yes, he plays soccer for FC Porto and is from Colombia. Do you like soccer?
He played as a Forward. I don't know that information.
Yes, he was on FC Porto as well. It is a sports team.
I love her. Her sister Serena is great at tennis.
I think Brett Ratner is an actor too. He starred in a lot of TV shows like High School Musical and Hair Show.
I'm not sure about that. I know she was in Shark Night with Kyla Pratt.
The Glass Castle was written by Jeannette Wells. She also wrote Half Broke Horses: A True Life Novel. Do you like Memoirs?
Greg Mortenson did.
She wrote The Lovely Bones and The Almost Moon. Are you familiar with those?
It is fiction. Would you like to know about similar novels?
Sure. Welcome to the Monkey House, Weaveworld, When the Wind Blows. Its a popular one
Yes, it is written by Jack London
You are welcome
I know she is a tennis player from India but I don't watch it much.
You know, I also like Venus williams, she is also a cricket player.
I am not sure. However, I know he is a good tennis player, who is currently playing for the Oklahoma City Thunder.
Yes he was. They were the runner ups for Super Bowl XLVII.
Do you like Thor: The Dark World because it is a fantasy movie?
Also in that genre by J.R.R Tolkien is a fantasy movie. Have you seen it?
That movie stars Simon McBurney and Sam Elliot. Would you like to see it?
I hope you enjoy it!
It starred J.K. Simmons and Melissa Benoist. JK won an Oscar for his role.
Yes Wade Williams also starred in The Good Doctor
Yes, he did
Breakfast of Champions is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Do you enjoy that author ?
You should check out Timequake as well. It's a Speculative fiction.
Yes, it has quite a bit of romance in it. Do you like that genre?
He directed a favorite of mine, Mr. & Mrs. Smith
Yes. John Sayles wrote and starred in the movie The Spiderwick Chronicles.
It's a historical period drama.
I like Phil Mickelson, he won the 2005 PGA Championship and the 2010 Masters Tournament, he also starred in the movie Tin Cup.
I think he is a great golfer, do you follow golf?
I think it is very funny. Is that a comedy/drama movie you enjoy?
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works
Yes, he did. He was also in The Wedding Date. You might like that one as well.
I would recommend Breakfast at Tiffany's with Meg Ryan. Did you see that one?
enneth H. Blanchard wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement, and Who Moved My Cheese? Have you read either of those?
It's an autobiography that was released in 1981.
That is correct. I'm having trouble coming up with some other recommendations.
I do! He starred in Nowhere Boy and Fifty Shades of Grey.
Nowhere Boy starred Eryl Streep, Emily Blunt and Emily Blunt to name a few.
Nowhere Boy is a teen drama film. It's about a man who lives in a Chinese street gang while investigating a severed hand in Central Park.
Of course, did you like this book because of the author, Hunter S Thomson?
Hunter S Thompson is an action film. He also wrote White House Down. Do you like action films?
I'm not sure about it, but it was directed by Robert A. Heinlein.
Yes she wrote The Virgin Blue, The last Runaway and the Lady and the Unicorn. Have you read these?
I believe it was written in 1997, have you read it?
I don't know if that is the movie, but I do know that it was directed by Tracy Chevalier and was released in 1996.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he directed both The Mist and The Green Mile. Are you a fan of Stephen King films?
The Mist was released in 2002 and also Frank Darabont was in Million Dollar Baby. Are you interested in that movie?
Great, do you like Country of national Lampoons?
Great, do you recommend Annie Hall?
Yes, Dan Gilroy is the winner of the 2012 PGA Championship match right?
Matt Damon and Dan Gilroy
It is a thriller
Zero Dark Thirty
good series
welcome
Sure! Do you like poetry because it's considered poetry?
Shel Silverstein also wrote Where the Sidewalk Ends and Falling Up.
Esphyr Slobodkina, and Shel Silverstein are also an author like him.
You're welcome.
I know that he is a country singer who composed Country Man. You like country?
I don't know a lot about her. I just know that she is friends with Taylor Swift!
Yes, I do. What is your favorite song?
She is most known for writing Seabiscuit. It is a story about a race horse. Do you like horses?
It was released in 1999.
You are welcome.
Sure, Oliver Stone directed The Doors. The Doors is directed by Randall Jahnson
The Doors stars many big actors, including Chris Hemsworth, Bryce Dallas Howard, and Mellisa Marr.
Yes, The Doors is a musical, Thriller/Horror film.
You're welcome!
Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Wise Man's Fear, The Name of the Wind, and Rogues. Have you read any of these?
Yes, it's speculative fiction. Would you like recommendations for more of that genre?
You're welcome.
Would you like recommendations for movies similar to Divergent?
Great, I would recommend The Hunger Games. Also, Divergent is a Young-adult fiction.
Yes, he's from Liverpool and plays for Everton FC. Do you like him?
Yes, and he also plays soccer
He is a Brazilian jiu-jitsu champion and a former world No. 1 in singles.
Yes I do the Minnesota Vikings are coached by Mike Zimmer and Leslie Frazier did you know that?
I am a fan. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys though. How about you?
Oh great! Is there anything else I can help you with?
pitch perfect was written by John Grisham and stars Matt Damon. Do you like his movies?
She also starred in Won't Back Down. It's a very good movie.
Yes, he also starred in The Negotiator and Voyager.
I would recommend Zoom and Back to the Future Part II.
I recommend Zoolander or You've Got Mail.
You are welcome.
Yes. He directed The Road to El Dorado. It is a very good movie.
I think Suresh Raina is an athlete. Isn't he on the cricket team in India? I guess he's know for his Right-arm Off Spin.
I don't know much about cricket, but I do know a few players such as Yuvraj Singh and Shahid Khan.
Yes, he is, and he is also a musician. I don't really know any other sports he is.
He wrote Uglies and Touching Darkness.
It is a science fiction book that was released in 1987
Stargate Universe and Magic Hour - released in 2009
You are welcome. Enjoy!
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Spain national football team.
I think I remember watching him play on FC Bayern Munich.
He did indeed! I love their player Thierry Henry, but I don't know that.
Yes, and he also coached the Manchester United F.C. team.
Yes he wrote The Next Three Days and The Chronicles of Narnia. Have you read those?
He was an American novelist who wrote Defending Jacob. Would you like to know more about him?
Yes, Fifty Shades Freed was written by E.L. James and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
If you like that series, you might also like The Alpha Master. Have you read that one?
Bared to You is a Young-adult fiction book. Do you like young adult fiction?
No, I do not have that information.
Ok, enjoy the book!
Yes, he is written Samtilche Erzahiungen and In der Strafkolonie.
It is a fiction novel, similar to Death in the Clouds.
Your welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
This book was written by Laura Hillenbrand and was published in 2010 . Are you interested in this book?
She also wrote Sea biscuit, an american legend and similar books are Flags of our fathers, Hiroshima and Band of brothers.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
He is a good basketball player. Are you a fan of him?
Yes. Patrick McGoohan wrote the Braveheart. He also wrote The Incredible Hulk.
Yes he did and it was directed by Kenneth Branagh
Randall Wallace wrote Het Achterhuis: Dagboekbrieven 14 juni 1942 - 1 augustus 1944
Is there anything else I can help with?
He wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non'Believer. He is also a Screenwriter.
It was released in 1974.
Its a non-fiction book. Do you like non-fiction?
No problem, enjoy!
Washington Redskins sucks. did you know Dwight Schar owned this team
Yes, they were runner ups in Super Bowl XLVII right?
I don't think so, but if you like him, he might be playing for the Broncos.
Sure, It was written by Tracy Chevalier and is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Yes. It's a short story and is also a fiction film.
I'm not sure. Can I help you with anything else?
Tropic Thunder has a Genre of Adventure and drama. Do you enjoy those? Tropic Thunder has a Genre of Adventure?
The Cable Guy is starring Tom Cruise, Eddie Murphy and Ed Harris. Do you like comedies?
Mary Shelley's Frankenstein starred in this movie.
Yes. Diana Gabaldon wrote My Own Heart's Blood.
I'm not sure of the release date. However, My Own Heart's Blood was released in 2009.
It's a fiction novel.
Enjoy!
He directed an action film called Cutthroat Island, and a thriller called The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Willie Garson starred in Cutthroat Island
Cutthroat Island was released in 1995
Enjoy !
I'm not a huge fan of them. I do know they are owned by a woman Virginia McCaskey.
I think they will be better than the Vikings and the Lions
Yes, the Bears have won a lot of superbowls. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure! Doug Liam directed both Fair Game and Swingers. He also produced Fair Game as well as The Bourne Identity.
I do not think so, but John Liam also directed Guardians of the Galaxy, which is another great drama.
I do not but I do know that Sean Penn directed it. Do you like his movies?
I do not but I think you'd enjoy the movie Fair Game. It starred Sean Penn and Molly Ringwald.
Yes, he's also a writer and a television producer. He has written The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer, Frankenstein, and Justin Timberlake. Are you interested in his films?
Yes, he is an American professional basketball player for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association.
She stars in What's your number?.
Yes, it was. It was directed by Steve Harvey.
Yes I do, it was a great movie. Are you a fan of Sci-Fi movies?
It also stars Zoey Deutch and Terry Pratchett.
If you like sci-fi, you might like X-Men: The Last Stand.
You're welcome. Enjoy.
Yes he directed 300: Rise of an Empire, Teddy Bear Chase, Smart People, The Affair, and Art Heist. Have you seen any of those?
300: Rise on an Empire stars Sullivan Stapleton, Peter Mensah and Eva Green
The movie was released in 1999.
You might like the movie 300: Rise on an Empire by Peter Mensah.
I'm not sure about that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am not sure but I can give you some information about Eva Green's life.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about the baseball, but I do know they are owned by Magic Johnson.
It is. It was written by Jerry Bruckheimer. Maybe it's worth a look.
That's very true, I can't recall the name of their games, I heard they were a very good businessman as well.
Sure, Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
That was written by Robert Louis Stevenson and Mervyn Peake. It was released in 1886.
The version was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Would you like to watch the movie?
I would definitely recommend The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
You're welcome. I'm happy to help.
Sure, would you like to hear about other books written by Zora Neale Hurston or other novels?
There's one called Sword of Shannara, that was written by John Grisham and is a history book.
She wrote a series of books including Wideacre and The White Queen.
I know he is a football player, but I don't follow soccer much.
Yes, he's from Liverpool and plays for Everton FC. Do you like him?
I would say I'm a fan of the Alabama Patriots.
I actually don't know much about football either. I prefer American Football.
Yes, He wrote Ds Parfum, a romance novel and also a screen writer.
Absolutely, East of Eden, The Pearl of the World and Travels with Charley: In search of America is all wiritten by John Steinbeck. Do you like these?
Tropic of Cancer has genre Romance and Historical Fiction. do you like these genres?
OK, would you like to know about other fiction novels?
I think it was released in 1994. I recommend that book if you like fiction.
I am not sure but I can tell you The Night Watch was written by Anne Tyler.
You are welcome. enjoy!
Would you like it to be related to the actors, or the genre?
Yes, it does. It also stars Kevin Costner. Have you seen it?
Sure! She also starred in Seven Psychopaths, which is a good one.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, that was a great movie! O Brother, Where Art Thou was written by John Steinbeck, and also starred Shia LaBeouf.
Sarah Clarke also starred in Thirteen. She is a great actress.
Yes, she also starred in the movie True Romance.
You're welcome!
It was written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010. Have you read it?
It is written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010.
It is in English Language
He also wrote The Good Doctor and The Invisible Man.
It is a great book written by Henning Koch and released in 2012.
It sure was! 2012 was a great year for books. A Walk to Remember was written by Harald Kloser.
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller?
Well, you might want to try "The Warrior" or "The Hunt for Red October".
Okay, you could try Zombieland or X-Men 2. They are all sci-fi
Interstellar starred Chris Hemsworth, Willow Smith, and Joel David Moore.
You're welcome
Yes, The Hungers Games: Catching Fire is written by Suzanne Collins and a Young-adult fiction.
He directed the comedy American Pie as well as The Golden Compass.
Zoe Lister-Jones and Fred Gwynne also star in it.
She has also starred in Funny Games, have you seen that one?
Great, hope you enjoy
I think he's a very good tennis player. I don't know much about him.
I haven't ever played a match but I haven't really watched a match before.
What is your favorite tennis player?
Melink Karakosta wrote Le Petit Prince. That is the only book she wrote.
He also wrote the book Le Petit Prince.
He is a musician who also played a part in Le Petit Prince.
Did you like the movie because it's a Thriller/Sci-Fi movie?
The Last Stand has a genre of War, Crime Fiction, and Action film. Do you like those genres?
Logan is a sci-fi and action film directed by Steven Spielberg.
Absolutely! Enjoy!
Yes! he is a great writer who wrote the Pixar film Up. Have you seen it?
Yeah, he wrote a few movies like Where'd You Go, Bernadette, and Today Will Be Different. Have you seen any of them?
I like drama films, I think you might like The Warrior's Way, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Manchurian Candidate. Do any of those sound interesting?
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes. Peter Bart wrote The Godfather. The Godfather has genre Crime Fiction. Are you interested in thrillers?
The Godfather also includes Robert Duvall, Michael Caine and Marlon Brando
The Godfather was released in 1998
Sure, The Green Mile is written by Frank Darabont and a similar book is The Shawshank Redemption. Have you seen those movies?
Stephen King also wrote The Shawshank Redemption, have you read that?
There is a film adaptation of The Dead Zone.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
I sure can, She wrote one book called The Orphan Train which was released in 2013. Are you a fan of her work?
She also wrote A Piece of the World.
Yes, both of these are fiction.
I Am Legend starred Willow Smith, Will Smith and Emma Thompson.
He's been in The Pursuit of Happyness, I Am Legend and so many more. Have you seen them?
He's been in a lot of movies. He was in a The Pursuit of Happyness, which is also a Sci-Fi Action movie. He also directed I, Robot. Have you seen this movie?
Hot Fuzz is a black comedy and parody film. Are you interested in black films or comedy in general?
Hot Fuzz is also a thriller and adventure film. Do you like that genre?
Yes it is. Wolf Brother is a good Adventure movie starring Anne Hathaway.
he is a scottish drummer, do you follow him
I like him as well, he is a really good artist. I like him in movies too, like Selena Gomez and Rihanna too.
I do, and he was great at the time too!
To Kill a Mockingbird was written in 1960.
Yes it was written by Emma McLaughlin
Sure it was written by Claude-Michel Schönberg and stars Hugh Jackman, Eddie Redmayne and Anne Hathaway.
I'd recommend The River, The Book of Mormon and The Invisible Man.
Would you like to know other films in that genre?
Yes, it was written by Quinn K. Redeker and stars Thomas Lennon
Yes, it was directed by Frank Darabont
Yes, he is very talented
It also stars Jenna Boyd
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
It was like a lot of fun to watch but they haven't won a championship since 2017 though. Always a good game for the Broncos.
Cold Mountain is a war film starring Mike Colter and Nicole Kidman. Do you like that film?
I did not watch that one, but I think Renee Zellweger also starred in Shark Tale and Monsters vs. Aliens.
Cold Mountain is a great movie. If you are interested in other films by Charles Frazier you should also check out The Ugly Truth as well.
J.K. Simmons is an American professional basketball player who plays as a point guard for the Portland Trailblazers
A horror film starring J.K. Simmons is Shark Night.
It also stars Stephen Fry and Rupert Everett. I am sure you will like it.
Ronan Bennett was one of the actors in Public Enemies. Stephen Graham and Shawn Hatosy also starred in it.
Oh, I bet you do. He's been in The Rum Diary with Amber Heard.
Oh yes, he was very funny in The Rum Diary. It's a comedy and he also starred in the movie True Grit.
Oh, ok. I will have to watch it tonight.
The movie stars Sela Ward and Harrison Ford. Are you a fan of Thrillers?
It was released in 1999.
Yes, I was happy to help.
The Star Wars Holiday Special, The Force Awakens, and The Empire Strikes Back.
Yes, he was. It's a great movie.
Enjoy your movies!
J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Ban
Yes, Peter Pan also wrote The Tragedie of Anthony and Cleopatra. Both are good books.
It's historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
I like him as an athlete for Real Madrid. Do you follow soccer?
I think he plays for Paris Saint-Germain
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Gary Scott Thompson and stars Paul Walker. Are you a fan of his?
VIn Diesel also starred in The Chronicles of Riddick and Fast Five. Do you like action movies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Joh Favreau wrote Made, starring Faizon Love, and Jonathan Silverman
Yes that's true. Have you seen it?
Oh yeah, and he is a great actor. That is a hilarious movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, and Nealon also starred in The Three Musketeers
Yes that is correct! The Gazebo starred Mako
The Gazebo is a drama film directed by Ridley Scott.
Yes, Seth MacFarlane wrote and directed This is the End, a comedy starring George Clooney. Do you like his movies?
Sure, it stars Brad Pitt and it is a comedy and is directed by Seth MacFarlane and is an action film
Seth MacFarlane has written a lot of comedy movies. One of my favorites is Who's the Boss,
Skyfall is starring Humphrey Bogart, Michael Veidt and David Nicholson.
Yes. He also starred in The Good Girl and The Huntsman. Have you seen either of these?
Mark Wahlberg produced this film as well as The Half Blood Prince.
It is a Romance and Drama.
I recommend it for you.
Great! You're welcome.
Sure, it is written by Charlaine Harris and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
That's also a part of a series. Would you like to hear more of her books?
I am not too sure about his other books but I can recommend some other ones of his's work if you like.
No problem, enjoy!
He directed the movie Three Kings. Are you a fan of adventure films?
It is considered a Thriller and Drama. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes she was. You should check it out.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes. Did you know that book was written by John Green?
I think he's the only one I know of, but he was influenced by Rick Riordan
It was released in 2008 and is a young adult fiction.
Max Brooks is an author of World War Z, are you interested in that book?
2013! That was a great year for books.
Sure thing. I hope you enjoy it!
Enjoy your book!
Sure! He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and Turbo. The Proposal was a great movie.
If you like it, you should watch Aeon Flux or Zombie Hunter.
I haven't seen them. I hope you enjoy them.
Yes, I do! I've read Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban and the genre of it. Do you like her work?
The Fellowship of the Ring has adventure, such as The Phantom.
Have you seen The Good Doctor or The Return of the King?
Yes, it was written by Michael Endean. He has a great movies in this genre as well.
Great action movie starring Tom Cruise. Do you like because Tom Cruise is in it or because it is a action movie?
Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder with Jerry Maguire.
Happy to help
Your welcome.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I think he's best friends whith Cameron Diaz from Shrek.
Yes I have and he also wrote Bears, Hashe starred in that movie?
I do, I like dramas also starring Adrien Brody. Do you like it?
I did, it was written by Robert Wade and Ian Fleming great writers.
I think you might like What Lies Beneath as well. It is also a comedy.
Yes, it is a film based on a novel by the same name.
He is a soccer player for Manchester United F.C. and he plays at Mexico National Football team.
I believe the Team coached by Ryan Giggs
You're welcome.
O Alquimista was written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988. The same year as The Alchemist. Have you read that?
O Alquimista was released in 1988 and is in English.
Yes, Onze minutos was released in 1891. It's a great book.
He starred in movies such as Turbulence, The Shawshank Redemption, The Mist and The Green Mile. Have you heard of these movies?
Yes, she did. She also starred in The Mist and The Lawnmower Man. Have you seen those?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he is an athlete from Greifswald and plays for the Germany National Football Team.
The Kansas City Chiefs are a AFC West National Footbal league team and was founded by Lamar Hunt.
I like to watch college football. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. What about you?
The Redskins is my favorite team! What is yours?
The invention of wings is a book and film released in 1982. It is considered a film.
The Last Samurai is starring Yuki Matsuzaki. what else can i answer for you?
I'm not sure about that. I do know that Scarlett Johansson also starred in this movie. Are you familiar with her?
He was also in The Perfect Score.
Sure. If you like Andy Garcia, you might also enjoy The Other Guys.
You're welcome! I'm happy to help!
I liked them better when Jason Witten was playing, but they're still a pretty good team. Are you a fan of the Cowboys?
I haven't seen it, but I've heard it's great and is a very good movie.
Yes, that was a great movie! Jerry Maguire was also in the Expendables 2, written by Cameron Crowe.
I'm also into rom-coms. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan.
He directed the War Film, Battleship. Have you seen it?
It is a War film and Animation. Do you like War films?
You're very welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
Wonder was written by RJ Palacio. Are you familiar with this author?
Yes, Wonder was a book written by R.J. Palacio. Are you interested in hearing about other books in this genre?
Yes. It was also released in 2014
Wreck-It Ralph produced by Jeff VanderMeer
Honey was also released in 2014
Bill Murray starred in Zombieland with John Lennon. Have you seen that?
I am not sure, but Bill Murray starred in Zombieland which is a great comedy.
Yes, she is a writer who wrote The Scarlet Letter
She wrote The Lions of Al-Rassan.
It is a romantic drama.
It was written in 1850
How about The Fault in Our Stars?
I know that it was written by Jane Austen and released in 1817.
Pride and Prejudice, Persuasion has genre Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
If you liked romance, you may enjoy Persuasion. Also you might enjoy Persuasion.
You're welcome.
Yes, she starred in Scream 4 and the TV show Rhoda.
Tower Heist is a comedy/drama and it was released in 2002.
Tower Heist stars Ray Winstone and Ethan Hawke.
Can I help you with anything else?
She wrote оскресение and нна аренина. Have you heard of them?
Yes, most of her books are in English. Are you interested in Russian?
You're welcome!
I've never actually seen it, but I love Orlando Bloom!
He also starred in other Pirates of the Caribbean movies including Troy, Wilde, and Zulu.
Are you referring to the novel written by Kim Edwards?
I would recommend The Lake of Dreams and The Secrets of a Fire King. Do you like novels?
That's right! Do you like Novels?
Snow Crash is a Speculative Fiction book written by Neal Stephenson. Do you like his books?
Sure! Chris Evans has starred in What's Your Number? a romantic comedy and The Perfect Score.
Sean Connery and Anna Kendrick also starred in the movie. It's a romantic comedy/crime movie.
I don't have that information. However, I can find it interesting to you.
You're welcome.
It was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like to search based on genre? Or would you prefer something by the author?
Yes. Ernest Hemingway wrote that as well.
You're welcome
You're welcome
Sure! He is a Swiss professional tennis player. Do you enjoy tennis?
Not really, I don't follow tennis much. But I have heard of him being in the Olympics, the 2012 Olympics.
Yes, He has competed in the 2012 Olympics.
There is a next in series to it, named Sellevision.
A Wolf at the Table was released in 2007 and is an English version. Would you like to know more about this book?
I am not sure about that, but I do know it is a sequel.
Enjoy!
I have no idea, can you suggest any?
It's a fictional novel.
Nancy Cartwright is the author of this novel.
Do you like dark movies? Wes Craven wrote My Soul to Take and the Scream series.
Yes, Wes Craven directed Scream 4 which starred Rory Culkin and Erik Ruck
Yes he does, both starred in The Soul to Take. So did Zena Grey.
Glad to help!
Of course. Anne Rice wrote Vittorio the Vampire and Violin.
enstein is a crime fiction novel that was released in 1974.
I don't see that information, but it's found under New Tales of the Vampires.
Sure, have you read The Absolute Sandman, Volume One?
There are many great books in the fantasy genre, including Beowulf and The Graveyard Book.
Glad to help!
Lois Lowry wrote the book Ella Enchanted, have you read that?
It's considered a satire.
It was released in 1997.
The Great Gatsby is a timeless classic! Are you interested in movies about war?
Sure, he directed Moon, Warcraft, and Source Code.
Moon starred Jamie Lee Curtis, Scott Bakula, Russell Peters and Cas Anvar.
It's a sci-fi adventure film based on the classic Warcraft.
Yes I do the Minnesota Vikings are coached by Mike Zimmer and Leslie Frazier did you know that?
I hope they will make it to the Super Bowl this year.
I like the Cowboys vs. the Seahawks. do you want to know who owns the team?
I've only seen a live game live in person. I love Pete Carroll as well.
Do you like it because it is an adventure movie or because you are a Harrison Ford fan?
Rob Zombie is the director
He also directed The Big Lebowski which is a comedy.
Yes, it is a great mystery thriller written by Tony Gilroy
I have not seen the one in Thor, but will have to check it out. I know he is a writer and actor.
I haven't seen it but I'll check it out. Thanks for the info.
Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien? He also wrote the Harry Potter series.
Yes, J.R.R. Tolkien wrote Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth.
by John Lee Hancock?
Daniel Radcliffe starred in Grimm's Fairy Tales.
He starred in Green Zone which is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome.
It comes under Fiction and Children's literature, do you like that genre?
I've read The Titan's Curse, The Son of Sobek, and The Titan's Curse.
It's a fantasy, so I would recommend The Titan's Curse if you haven't read that one.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
She is in a movie called Harsh Times, it's an action/drama film that was released in 2012.
The Truth About Forever, The Moon and More are her books. Are you interested in any of those?
That's a good one, Kristen Stewart starred in it. Do you like romance films?
Sure! Are you interested in the writer, Christopher Nolan, or the star, Tom Hardy, at all?
Yes, Christopher Nolan also wrote The Prestige
Sure! For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway. This is a war novel that was released way back in 1940.
He wrote To Have and Have Not, The Sun Also Rises, The Old Man and the Sea and The Garden of Eden just to name a few.
Absolutely! I hope you enjoy them!
Yes he starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
Deadpool also stars Stefan Kapicic and Ed Skrein
Deadpool is a comedy
He is a Writer
Haha. I didn't know that. Speaking of Spirit Soda, he's from Santo António.
Yes, he was a Colombian professional footballer who plays as a forward for French club Paris Saint-Germain
Are you looking for other books by John Green, or other thrillers?
I do not have a book similar to The Fault in Our Stars, but I can tell you that it was released in 2012 and is a young adult fiction book.
Have you read Xenocide or Wolf Brother? They are both dramas.
Yes, it was written by Ernest Hemingway and released in 1920. Would you like to read it?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
James Franco starred in Palo Alto, Your Highness and Whatever It Takes .
This movie stars Natalie Portman and is a romantic comedy, do you like their movies?
It was released in 2004.
Enjoy!
Yes. Amy Tan starred in The Joy Luck Club. She is also an actresses.
It is classified as a fiction. She also wrote The Bonesetter's Daughter.
Yes, it's similar to Wuthering Heights.
Yes I do. He directed The Apostle. Have you seen that movie?
It starred Harrison Ford and Farrah Fawcett.
I don't have any information on that, but Robert Duvall and Robert Duvall also starred in it.
I'm not sure about that, but Bruce Willis also starred in it.
You're welcome.
Yes. Mark Waters directed The Amazing Spider-Man, and the Incredibles.
Tod Fennell also starred in that one as well as The Dark Knight Rises.
It appears to be a comedy. Would you like to know who else was in it?
You're welcome!
Yes, Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to read another one of her b
Sure! Jane Austen also wrote Mansfield Park and Lady Susan. Have you read either of those?
She wrote White Oleander as well as Paint it Black.
The book was released in 2003 and is a drama. Paint It Black is a novel involving the punk rock scene.
You're welcome.
Akira Kurosawa is a Japanese film director. He directed Seven Samurai. Do you like Indie films?
He starred in Drama, have you seen that one?
Seven Samurai stars Omar Sy, Takashi Shimura, Keiko Tsushima, and Daisuke Kato.
I'm sorry I don't have a link for that.
Me too! J.K. Rowling directed the movie.
Yes, he wrote Les Miserables didn't he?
Yes,that is correct. He also wrote The Family Man
Cool! It was actually made into a movie in 1862.
Oh wow, he surely does a lot of things for children
Once Upon a Time in the West is a western film similar to Open Range & Posse.
Shane has starred in many movies including The Incredibles, The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie
Your welcome
Sure, she wrote Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts. Have you read those yet?
Where the Wild Things Are is a fantasy book you might enjoy.
You're welcome.
Of course! He is a great author! He wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop, to name a few.
Charles Dickens was influenced by A Christmas Carol, Oliver Twist. Does that interest you?
Yes, he did. A Tale of Two Cities was released in 1843. That is a great read.
That's right! I agree that it's a great read.
Enjoy your reading!
He is a basketball athlete who lives in Long Beach, California.
No, I do not watch to watch basketball
I like to watch football. My favorite team is the Redskins
No, I haven't but I hope they have a good season this year.
I have not seen it but I know that it was written by William Nicholson
Yes, he directed Pacific Rim and Pan's Labyrinth, to name a couple. Have you seen either of those?
I'm not sure. If you like comic movies, I might suggest X-Men 2 or World War Z.
Atlas Shrugged is written by Leonard Peikoff and Ayn Rand. It's a speculative fiction book. Do you like those genres?
Yes, he wrote We Are Not the Living. Would you like to know more about her?
The book was released on Ayn Rand the same year.
If I Stay was written by Gayle Forman, and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You can try When You Reach Me or Wicked Lovely
You are most welcome. Hope you enjoy them.
You are welcome.
Mark Osbourne directed Kung Fu Panda. Do you like animated films and shows?
Yes, he was in that too! He's a great actor!
He's been in a number of films including The Kung Fu Panda 2 and the SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
Great! I'll add those to your list.
Do you like the author James Patterson or the genre?
Well, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
Yes, it is. Other fiction books you might enjoy are; Women in Love, The Lacuna, and The Eyes of Mind. Have you heard of any of those?
You're welcome, enjoy!
They are a really good basketball team, coached by Steve Kerr. Are you a fan?
Not much of a basketball fan. I do know that it is located in Oakland.
I'm not a huge fan of the sport. But I do catch a match here and there.
I like football as well. Who's your favorite team?
Yes, he is a cricket player from India.
Yes. And I like the Buffalo Bills.
Yes. Bridget Moynahan starred Charlize Theron. She is a popular actress.
Sure, He wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read it?
It's a postmodern literature, fable and also children's lit.
It was released in 2006 along with The Da Vinci Code.
Enjoy!
Did you know that it was written by Tony Gilroy?
Several of the actors include Ashton Kutcher and Tim Roth
It was released in 2004
You're welcome
Divergent is from the Utopian and Dystopian fiction genre. Would you be interested in other films in that genre?
Then you might enjoy Wildwood Dancing, which is also young adult film.
Sure Besides Elle s'appelait Sarah, Tatiana de Rosney wrote Boomerang.
Yes, she did. Boomerang was released the same year.
I'm not sure, but it does look like hes written some other books he wrote.
Your welcome.
She wrote the Childrens novel Black Beauty
Anna Sewell was born in 1877. She wrote the series of books.
No problem. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, They are very good. I like their song Almost Is Never Enough featuring Nathan Sykes, the MTV is so sweet.
Yes, he does play the voice of Matthew McConaughey.
I think it was a show as well.
Yes, Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline and was released in 2013. Do you like the author Christina Baker Kline?
No, Orphan Train is historical fiction. Do you like her work?
I really like all the work of Christina Baker Kline. Do you like her work as well?
Glad to help
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller?
Charlie Hunnam stars in this movie.
There's no information on that.
You're welcome.
Yes I do. J.J. Cohen starred in Back to the Future.
Yes, There's Something about Mary starring Cameron Diaz who also starred in Back to the Future with Lea Thompson.
Yes, it is a great novel written by H.G. Wells. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Yeah, he did. Would you like to know who also starred in The Monuments Men?
Agree, that is a mystery as well.
Yes, Zodiac is considered a thriller and it also stars Dustin Hoffman.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I like Russel Wilson as an actor. He starred in Zookeeper and You've Been Warned.
Yes, you are right. I'm not sure about that.
Not a huge football fan but if I'd like to watch it, I'd like to.
Hayao Miyazaki directed and wrote The Pillars of the Earth.
Ponyo starred in a lot of action films. Hayao Miyazaki also starred in the Witch of Blackbird Pond.
It was released in 2005 and starred Naomi Watts and Emily Blunt.
You're welcome!
Good choice. Matt Damon wrote Good Will Hunting and starred in it. Good Will Hunting was produced by Tony Gilroy
I recommend The Long Kiss Goodnight, and The Lat Stand. I think you'll like those.
Awesome! I'll add them to your watch list now.
It's a psychological thriller, I think you'd enjoy it!
Sure! I'll play it for you now.
I like him as an athlete! He is a quarterback for the New orleans Saints. Do you like him?
I'm not sure if he had a chance to play for the Saints. I don't follow college football so I don't know much about him.
It would be nice if they go, they have a good day.
Sure! Bruce Willis was in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen it?
Great! Have you seen A Good Day to Die Hard? It's more of a History flick.
Richard E. Grant and Tom Hanks also star in it.
I am not sure about that. I just know that Elisabeth Shue is in a action movie that you might enjoy.
I will do! Enjoy!
You're welcome.
Gran Torino is starring Clint Eastwood and Dreama Walker is an independent film . You may also like another clint East wood film Million dollar Baby
Warm Bodies starred Cory Hardrict and Clint Eastwood. Would you like to watch it?
Dennis Quaid starred in this movie along with Cory Hardrict.
You are very welcome, please enjoy
I would recommend both Radiance and Warbreaker.
It was released in 2004. It is a romance/comedy book.
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome.
Mandy Moore is a similar movie
I recommend The Princess and the Frog, or The Lion King, starring Nathan Lane.
I can't find any information on that, but if you like Molly Shannon starred in The Daytrippers as well.
That was a great book. Do you like the genre or the author?
Yes, he wrote Xenocide which is Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Have you read the whole series? Orson Scott Card is considered a science fiction novel.
Great, enjoy!
Sure, he directed the movie Three Kings. Are you a fan of adventure films?
He did. He is starring in Three Kings. The movie is a historical period drama.
Your welcome.
Anthony Daniels is a director. He starred in The Making of Star Wars with Harrison Ford. Are you familiar with that movie?
He has also starred in the Star Wars films as well! Do you like science fiction films?
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome!
Forrest Gump starring Tom Hanks was an awesome movie
No, I do not have any information about any other movies
Your Welcome
I liked A Christmas Carol by Charles Dickens. Did you know that?
He is a great actor. Then you might also like The Life of Bobby Z. Have you seen that one?
Yeah, The Black Cat is a fantasy, but I haven't seen the other Twins as well.
Oh yes. Then you might like The House of Mirth written by Charles Dickens.
I love her.
That team is owned by Jeffrey Lurie, isn't it?
Yeah, they weredrafted to the New England Patriots.
I didn't know that. I believe Philadelphia Eagles wasdrafted too.
I did not know that. I will have to check it out.
Do you enjoy fantasy books?
Yes, it is considered speculative fiction. Other examples are The Last Olympian and The Sea of Monsters.
Yes, it is considered children's literature as well. Other books in that genre include The Witch of Blackbird Pond and The Giver.
I don't follow them a whole lot. I know the team is coached by Ken Whisenhunt and owned by Bud Adams. Do you watch their games ?
They played again in the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Awesome! I would like to see them play again that year. My son is a big fan.
Sure, I can help you with that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have you heard of X-Men 2 or World Without End? They are both historical films.
It's a great movie about the United States that also starred Ryan Reynolds. I think you'll enjoy it.
Sure, enjoy!
Did you enjoy it because it was sci-fi or because it was a Fantasy?
Do you have a favorite sci-fi movie?
It's a great movie! It stars Charlize Theron and Tom Hardy.
Oh great! I'll add that one to my list of reads.
Yes i have seen 50/50 because it's a Romance movie. Do you like Romance movies?
Yes, he was in the TV comedy. That was a great sci-fi flick.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can give you some information on that show to you.
True Believer is another good book, Do you like books by Nicholas Sparks?
Nicholas Sparks is the author of Last Song.
No, it isn't a book that was written for the Hobbit series of books.
Hes great and has a wonderful wife in Gisele
Well Wildcats was written by John Lennon and is a thriller. I love that movie too.
Yes, I think he is great. I like Couples Retreat. Have you seen that one?
Sure. Are you in to sci-fi movies? The Alien movies were directed by the great James Cameron.
Volcano was a great movie, I also like SpongeBob SquarePants Movie, which is a sci-fi action movie. Do you like those type of movies?
Tommy Lee Jones is a great actor. He also starred in the Science Fiction movie Adventureland. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he was in Dante's Peak too. I think you'll enjoy it.
Enjoy!
I do. Eric Stoltz was great in that movie. I wonder who wrote it?
William Scott starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Great, you may like Shark Night. It stars Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
Oh yes, he is most well known for staring in Star Trek
Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home is a Sci-Fi movie. Would you like to hear more about Walter Koeing?
The Voyage Home starred Leonard Nimoy, Jeff Bridges, and Hugh Jackman. Would you like to know more about The Voyage Home?
You're welcome.
ok
The Golden Compass is a good movie that is similar to Inside Man.
Yes, The Big Hit is starring Jake Gyllenhaal and Heath Ledger. It is a thriller, do you like these genres?
Your welcome.
Cesc Fabregas plays for the Spain national football team. Is he a midfielder?
Oh ok, that's interesting. What is your favorite sport?
I don't know much about him either. I know he was born in Spain.
They are pretty good. They were runners up in the 2003 NBA Finals.
I think he was a point guard in the game as well.
Yes, he did.
Memento is a movie starring Christopher Nolan. It's a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, William Morgan Sheppard and Roger Rees were in The Prestige.
Yes, I have seen Wild at Heart and Transormers. Do you like thrillers?
Calvin Harris is a well known DJ that has also wrote some songs like We Found Love, and Dance With Me.
Rita Ora is a dance pop artist.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Adam Brown starred in the Hobbit series. Are you a fan of fantasy genre films?
He also starred in the Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring and the other Hobbit films.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Certainly!
OK.
He is a basketball shooting guard, plus he won the NBA sixth Man of the Year Award.
Yes. I think he's really good. Did you know he won the NBA All Rookie Team?
Yes, i believe he is the current coach of the Los Angeles Lakers.
That was a good movie, starring Shia LaBeouf, Karen Allen, and of course Harrison Ford. Do you like any of those actors?
Sure, you can watch the Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull
Sure, you can watch the Star Wars Holiday Special, it is in the same series
Your welcome
Crescendo is a drama written by Joel Coen. Do you like the genre or the author?
She has also written Silence and Hush, Hush. Have you heard of them?
Great, I hope you enjoy it.
Sure it was written by James Dashner and The Scorch Trials and The Kill Order are similar.
Young adult fiction isn't it, but it is also called The Scort Runner.
OK. They are both young adult fiction.
Why certainly! A few of his films I recommend are Zodiac, The Good Girl, and The Day After Tomorrow. Have you seen any of those?
Perhaps you would like A Christmas Carol, it is a historical drama like Prince of Persia.
He is a great actor. The Day After Tomorrow and End of Watch is a highly recommended movie.
Yes, he directed friends with Benefits. Justin Timberlake starred in it.
Annie stars Tika Sumpter and Thomas Lennon
Jamie Foxx also starred in The Last Dragon, have you seen that one?
The Notebook was written by Nicholas Sparks who as far as I know, writes nothing but romance novels. Do you like romance?
Yes, He was Message in a Bottle was released in 2001. It's an excellent romance novel.
I think it was Message in a Bottle was released in 2001.
It was Message in the BFG and was released in 1996.
Yes, he did. He is a great author. Some of the authors include Rick Riordan and Philip Pullman.
You are very welcome!
Yes, Twilight: The Complete Illustrated Movie Companion is written by Rick Riordan. It is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It's a book that was turned into a movie directed by Tim Burton.
You're welcome!
Sure, are you interested in other books by the same author, Nicholas Cage?
Chris Bigsby is a great author. He wrote The Crucible. Have you read that?
Yes, you are correct. He also wrote The Crucible.
He also wrote The Crucible, which is a drama and a suspense book. Do you like those kinds of books?
Yes. It's been made into a play since I've read that one.
They're OK. I'm a Niners fan, but I do like their coach, John Fox. Are you a fan?
They are. They're not a Super Bowl XVIII.
Not too bad. They'll have to win Super Bowl XLVII, and their coach Pete Carroll.
You have The Strange Case of Dr. Jackyll and Mr. Hyde. Would you like to know more about that?
It is written in English and released in 1962
I do. You should check out The Name of the Wind.
you are welcome.
Yes I have. I think he is a really good artist. Do you like him?
Yes, Jessica Biel also had a spouse, Jessica Biel.
Yes, it's one of my favorite films. Are you interested in science fiction or biographical films?
Both were written by J. K. Rowling. They were released in 2016. She also wrote a book called The Silkworm.
She also wrote several books called The Casual Vacancy, The Silkworm and The Casual Vacancy.
It was released in 2014 and is in English. Are you a fan of hers?
Of course, I found a few autobiographies like Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas. He also wrote The Southern Vampire Mysteries, which is similar.
Sorry, I don't have that information right now. But, I can tell you that it was the next book in the series is called A Time to Kill.
Both were written by J. K. Rowling. They were released in 2016. She also wrote a book called The Silkworm.
She also wrote scenes and movies like Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
I'm not sure but the book is in English.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Sorry, I don't show that information. Would you like to hear more about the book?
No problem. I hope you enjoy it!
I do! Total Recall has a genre of thriller and science fiction. Would you like titles related to these genres?
No, he is popular on the France national football team.
I like Basketball a lot. What is your favorite team?
I have a habit of that show. I usually like TV shows like High School Musical and Camp Rock.
I do. I liked the movie Space Jam.
Yes. I would have to check those out.
Inception starred Tom Berenger, Michael Gaston, Michael Gaston, Michael Gaston, Michael Gaston.
Yes, that's right. Would you like me to add it to your watch list?
Enigma was released in 1985 and it is a drama/thriller.
Will do.
Rob Reiner is an author he wrote This Is Spinal Tap.
I definitely can! He also directed the hit movie This is Spinal Tap.
One of his produced is The Fault in Our Stars.
Your welcome.
Yes. Jamie Ford wrote Songs of Willow Frost. You like her?
They are fiction. I am not sure of the release date.
Your welcome.
I like her too! She has a lot of great songs, like Spring Breakers and Ramona and Beezus.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
It's anice, I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
Did you like Michael Parks because he was in a comedy?
They didn't win but they were runner ups in the 1986 & 1975 World Series. Are you a baseball fan?
Baseball is my favorite team. My favorite team is the Red Sox. Do you have a favorite team?
It would be considered a baseball player as well. My favorite team is the Red Sox. Do you have a favorite team?
I think he is a very talented golfer. What's your opinion
Hi, I am not sure. I know he won the 2012 PGA Championship.
That sounds interesting, what do you think of Phil Mickelson?
Yes. The Hurt Locker is directed by Kathryn Bigelow
Yes he did, he also starred in Thor
Sure, it also stars Jeremy Renner, do you like these actors?
Sure thing. I hope you enjoy!
I don't know a whole lot but I think they are in the NFL and are owned by Bill Bidwill.
No that was their home venue is the Whitney Houston.
Not really, but I do like college football.
I don't know a lot about him. But I know he's a professional footballer who plays as a forward for Barcelona.
I understand. I don't know much about soccer, but I'm more of a fan of soccer, what about you?
I like football and soccer. My favorite team is the Cowboys.
Unfortunately i have not read the book or heard of Gabriel Garcia Marquez the author.
Also written by Debora Smith is in English.
Yes, it is written in English.
Do you like books written by James Patterson or because it is a shock rock?
Yes it is and a thriller. It was released in 2012.
Ok, it was written by James Patterson. It is also a fiction novel.
You're welcome!
Yes, its a great movie by Ian McEwan. It was released in 2001.
OK. I'd recommend Water for Elephants or The Time Traveler's Wife. Both are excellent romance films.
Have you heard of Apocalypto? It's more of a Tragicomedy.
Yes! He starred in Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow. Have you seen those?
Great, if you like horror films, you might like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee, and Kyla Pratt.
Sure, some of the actors in the film are Zombieland, Corey Johnson, and Rosario Dawson.
No problem! Enjoy!
Sure, Snow Flower and the Secret Fan is written by Lisa See and it is an excellent fiction novel released in 2005. Have you read it?
The Sheltering Sky is considered a historical fiction and Children's literature.
Of course, I think you would enjoy Into the Wild by James Patterson, it's a very good one!
I didn't realize that, that's amazing. I've seen her game with the Mumbai Indians and she was hilarious in the 2012 Olympics. Are you a fan?
That is true, as did the 2014 winter.
Yes it is. It was written by William Shakespeare. If you like his work I can make some recommendations for you.
I agree. He's one of my favorites too! He's written a lot of classics like Romeo and Juliet.
Yes she is. You should check it out.
Sense and Sensibility was written by Jane Austen. Would you like other books by her?
Oh Sense and Sensibility was also written by Jane Austen
I think he's a great singer and actress. Did you know he starred in Desperado!
I think she's married to Gisele. Did you know she was also a musician?
You might enjoy that one as well. Do you like dance-pop films?
The Aviator is starring Leonardo DiCaprio. Are you a fan of his?
James Franco and Ben Stiller also starred in The Aviator.
He had a starring role in Titanic. Anything else I can help with today?
Ok.
He directed a drama called Oldboy. Have you seen it?
Yes, she is also in it. It is a romance film that was released in 2002.
You're welcome!
She wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read either ?
It's a family drama. Do you like those types of books?
I do not know about the Historians I believe
Absolutely, I will send it right now
Justin Rose is a professional Golfer from London.
yes i love golf. what is your favorite sport?
so do i. have you ever watched a game live in person?
I like basketball and baseball. what about you?
i have never been to a professional boxing game ever.
i have never been to a professional boxing game yet. can you tell me more about his?
not crazy about them. my team is the steelers. do you like them?
Cam Newton. He is the current quarterback for the Atlanta Falcons.
My husband is a Patriots fan.
I would recommend Un di Velt Hot Geshvign by Marion Wiesel as well.
I am sorry, I do not have that information on it.
Yes, The Man in Havana was written by Marion and was released in 1958. That was the same year The Power of Forgiveness was released.
He starred in Vulgar
Yes. Ethan Suplee also starred in Chasing Amy, which was edited by Kevin Smith. Kevin Smith also directed Clerks II.
Yes. William Lee Scott starred in Clerks. Clerks has genre Drama
No problem.
They work under multiple labels including Warner Music, Universal Music and Republic Records. Do you like listening to these types of music?
Yes, Gwyneth Paltrow did star in that movie.
I have never been there and would you like me to confirm that for sure.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Not too much but they were the runners up in Super Bowl XXXI. You like them?
Yes, it is! Along with Tom Brady. What do you think of him?
Oh, I didn't know that. Pretty good team.
Oh wow, I didn't know Payton won that award too.
Terry George has directed Hotel Rwanda, starring Sophie Okonedo and Joaquin Phoenix. He is quite a director!
That's the only one I know he has directed.
That movie is listed as a drama, comedy, and adventure.
Your welcome
Beatrix Potter wrote The Tale of Peter Rabbit.
It was released in 2011. It has a genre of Drama and Fiction.
It sure does! Beatrix Potter has many professions including Stephen King, Sissy Spacek, and Stephen King.
You're welcome.
Sure! It was written by Michel Gondry, and it is a thriller.
He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Resident Evil and The Wolverine.
That is a thriller. Is that what you want to know?
It is a romantic comedy. I hope you enjoy it.
That is a romance and it was released in 2010.
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland was written by Tim Burton.
Lewis Carroll wrote The World According to Garp. What else can I do for you today?
Great. Anything else I can help with?
Enjoy the books!
Would you be interested in family movies or superhero movies?
The Incredibles was written by John Logan, who also wrote The Road to El Dorado. The Road to El Dorado as well.
William Hurt and Ty Burrell were also in Ratatouille. I think you would enjoy them.
Yes. He is an American professional basketball player for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association. Are you interested in Basketball?
I'm not a big fan, I don't know much about it, is it like a lot of my favorite team?
I don't watch much football but my favorite team is the Broncos.
I like basketball and baseball.
I'm not a big fan of the WTA, but I do know that they play at Shea Stadium.
I do,a ctually. It's written by Jim Uhls and stars Edward Norton with Brad Pitt. Have you seen it?
I really like when she and Seth Meyers (Late Night with Seth Meyers) went day drinking? Have you seen that clip?
Yeah, I like her too, she is very talented. I also like her in A Walk to Remember. Have you seen it?
Yes, I like her music but I don't listen to much of her music. I think she is very talented.
I like heavy metal and rock as well.
Of course! Hot Fuzz is a comedy starring Jim Carrey and Marcia DeBonis. It was released in 2006.
Good Kill might be worthwhile.
In that case, you might enjoy Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee, or Zodiac, a thriller.
Sure, Rum Diary stars Robert Downey Jr and Jake Gyllenhaal
Glad to help
I do not like Golf, but I know that Jordan Alexander Spieth is an American professional golfer on the PGA Tour and former world number one in the Official World Golf Ranking.
Did you know he was born in Dallas?
I haven't played any games yet, but I do like golf more. How about Caddyshack and Happy Gilmore? They are very entertaining!
Serenity is starring Joss Whedon, Jeff Bridges, and Emma Stone.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
You're welcome. Enjoy !
It is both a Sci-Fi and Action Film.
You're welcome!
Sure. Michael Gondy is a actor that starred in movies like Good Will Hunting and Zero Dark Thirty.
Be Kind Remind starred Quinton Aaron, Ben Stiller and Jess Harnell is in that movie.
I love them! I especially love Adam Levine. How about you?
I like them too, I like lloyd banks hes a great singer
Okay, I'll have to check them out, thank you for the recommendation.
He is one of the best actor of all time. Did you know he starred in The Wiz?
I didn't know that! She's a talented actress.
That's cool. i'll have to check it out.
He plays on the Argentina national football team
I find it interesting that Manchester is a popular team, but I prefer American football.
I am not familiar with them, I know he's a Major League Baseball player, but I haven't heard of him.
Yes, Puss in Boots and Far Far away are like Shrek.
Yes, have you seen Superman Returns?
Both Zoey Deutch and Rob Riggle are in it.
You're welcome.
Lea Thompson starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wild Life.
Lea Thompson is the main star. Are you a fan of hers?
I am not sure who starred in it. I do know Randy Quaid also starred in the film. Have you seen it?
She is an author that wrote Silence and Hush, Hush
She also wrote Silence and Hush, Hush
Hush hush is generally considered a fantasy novel
You're welcome
I'm not sure who directed it but it was written by Nick Cassavetes
He also wrote a lot of comedy's
Zoe Lister-Jones, Jr. is also a good actor.
You're welcome!
Gore Verbinski wrote/directed the Family film Rango starring Johnny Depp. do you like Johnny Depp movies?
It is a drama starring Gil Birmingham and Jeff Bridges. It is rated R.
Yes! Rango is considered an action film. Do you like action films?
Your welcome!
21 Jump St is in the genre adventure. Would you like to hear about other adventures in that genre?
Ride Along is starring Harley Peyton and James Franco.
That is a good one.
I'm sorry, I don't have any suggestions for comedy movies.
Is there anything in particular you would like to know?
You might also enjoy the Harry Potter series.
The Vampire Chronicles is a great book in that genre. It was written by Richard Condon
Sure, The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins, who also wrote Gregor and the Marks of Secret. Perhaps that would be a good book.
I don't know. But The Passage was written in 2005.
No problem!
She is a musician who wrote Mansfield Park. Have you heard of her?
Mansfield Park is considered a historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Mansfield Park is considered a romance. Do you like romance books?
I believe the genre is murder mystery. Have you read the book?
Probably. Did you like the movie Orient Express because it was a comedy?
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
I believe the genre is more into Children's literature. Another good book is A Psychological Thriller.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Les visiteurs and Amélie are good ones. Have you seen these?
Amelie is a comedy drama released in 1995. It is a musical theater.
You're welcome. He also directed A Very Long Engagement and Micmacs.
My favorite song is Don't Go Breaking My Heart. Do you listen to country music?
Yes, he is from Leesburg. He wrote and directed the movie Blood Work.
He is with the Beatles and has won a Grammy for Best Original Song.
Great. Have you seen Marlon Brando in the movie The Young Lions?
He also starred in Viva Zapata. The Young Lions is a drama film.
I'd say it's more of a drama, but I'd say it's more of a drama. I'd highly recommend it!
Are you referring to the basketball player?
Yes I am a fan of the Miami Heat. How about you?
Yes, he did
Me too, He won the NBA All-Rookie Team
Mervryn Peake is a artist and author, she wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and was influenced by Michael Moorcock
Yes it was. It was written in 1886.
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Sure, he wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Would you like to know more about that?
Rob Zombie and Zach Gilford starred in it as well.
Yes she was in that as well as The Notebook.
Enjoy!
Drinks are the only two I have by that author.
It is a mystery, did you want to know more about it?
He was a musician and a model. He played in the movie Nineteen Eighty-Four
Ok, am able to send it to you.
I think Gabourey Sidibe starred in it. I will send it to you.
The sequel to The Dark Knight is Batman Begins.
Well then I would recommend World War Z. It's a really funny and fantasy movie.
I'm sorry I don't have that information at this time.
It is a blockbuster film starring Robert De Niro and David Bautista.
I hope you enjoy it.
The complete Anne of green gables, blue castle and the Rilla of Ingleside. Want to know more?
It was released in 1985.
The Witch of Blackbird Pond came out in 1926.
Sure, Christopher Meloni also starred in Wet Hot American Summer. Have you seen that one?
You might also enjoy The Warrior's Way, or The Manchurian Candidate.
In addition to Christopher Meloni, it also stars Katherine Heigl.
You're welcome!
It was written by Stephen King. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, he did. It is a crime fiction film. Did you know that Peter Jackson starred in it?
Would you like to hear about other horror movies?
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
He was the composer of Who's That Chick and Where Them Girls At. Have you heard those songs?
Yes, I like his music. Did you know he is from France?
I like all of his songs. Which one did you like?
Great. I will add to my playlist if you liked him.
Sure. The Interview was written by Cyrus Norwrasteh which also directed The Young Messiah.
It is a crime Thriller and it was released in 1986
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome have a great day
It was a great comedy starring Seth Rogan and Katherine Heigl. Do you like comedies?
2011 was the year that released Funny People.
Besides Eminem, Ray Romano also starred in The Wash and Funny People.
You're welcome.
Paul Pogba is a football player for Manchester United F.C.. I don't believe that.
Yes that is true, they were the runner ups in the 1976 Cup Final.
I do like American football.
I see that Ryan Griggs played with the Seattle Seahawks but I don't know much about him.
He's a good actor. He starred in She Hate Me. I never saw it, but it has Liam Neeson in it. Have you watched it?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes he did, alongside Jamel Lee.
Sure, she is an actress who starred in the movie The Fault in Our Stars.
I do not have that information but I can tell you she is also a teacher and a scientist.
Yes, he is from the United States.
Yes what would you like to know
It is a Historical fiction genre.
Zoe's Tale is a science fiction novel released in 2008.
You're welcome.
I think she's a great singer and actress. I love her music. What about you?
Yes, he did. Larry Crowne was a romantic comedy and Julia Roberts was very funny.
Those are great films. If you like Ashton Kutcher, I think you should also watch Beloved a lot.
Do you like it because of the author Charlaine Harris?
Then I recommend Dead to the World. It is speculative fiction as well.
I'm sorry, I don't have much information on that one. But I do know it is written by Charlaine Harris.
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like action films?
Skyfall is a action adventure film. It was released in 2012
It stars Robert Duvall and James Coburn
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I don't follow football that much. I do know they were the runner-up team in Super Bowl XLI. Are you a football fan?
Oh, I agree, they were runner ups in Super Bowl XIX.
The Steelers have won a lot of superbowls.
Yes, The Usual Suspects is an Adapted form of Hoodwinked.
I like thrillers. Zodiac is another movie by Christopher McQuarrie.
Yes, I have seen that movie. It is a drama.
I do like that genre. Did you know Tom Everett starred in it?
I like alternative rock. I am a Beatles fan and some of my favorite bands are Bend It Like Beckham and American.
I am not sure about that, but I will have to check it out.
Yes, it was written by John Green. Are you interested in other Young-adult fiction?
No, I haven't read that. Do you like romance novels?
You are welcome!
Of course! TRON Legacy is an Adventure Film, starring Tom Cruise. Do you like Adventure films?
Olivia Wilde also starred in Year One with Jeff Bridges
It is a very interesting one! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Not a problem
Sure, he directed Teacher Man. Have you seen it?
It's basketball. Do you like basketball?
I can definitely recommend a few of the films directed by Ben Stiller.
you're welcome!
21 Jump Street stars Channing Tatum and Amanda Seyfried. Would you like to watch that?
He also starred in Magic Mike.
I do not have that information.
Your welcome.
Was it the book written by Oz or the movie?
I love her! She has a lovely voice. Do you know that she is a singer?
Yes, she did a great job on that show. She also starred in Tangled. Would you like to know more about that?
Oh yeah she is. I think she is a great singer as well.
Yes, that's true. He passed away in 2014
Great. I hope you like it.
The Hobbit was released in 2001 and was written by James Dashner.
The next book in the series is Lord of the Rings.
Sure, The Rock was released in 1996. Movies similiar to The Rock is Eagle Eye, and Wild side.
Shark Night is a thriller. It stars Kyla Pratt and Joshua Leonard. Do you like them?
Yes, that is correct. I think David Moore was also in Revolutionary Road.
James Rodriguez is a football/soccer player. He plays midfielder. Do you watch football?
I am not more familiar with Columbia national football team. What's it about?
He plays midfielder
The Matrix is a great movie! Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
If you like sci-fi, you might like Zombieland and X-Men First Class.
You're welcome.
Harold Ramis wrote Groundhog Day which stars Bill Murray, have you seen it?
It stars Bill Murray and Jason Bateman. Do you like either of them?
It is a romantic comedy, with some romance in it as well. You should check it out.
Vivica A. Fox and David Carradine were both in Kill Bill Vol. 1. Do you like Kill Bill Vol. 1?
The Sky Crawlers was released in 2002. Do you like horror films?
I do not have any information on that. But I can tell you The Sky Crawlers was directed by David O Russell. Are you familiar with his work?
I am not sure but I can tell you The Great Yokai War starred Charlize Theron, Sophie Okonedo, and Frank Grillo.
Of course. Would you like to know anything else?
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books, would you be interested in other books in the series?
W.W. Denlow also wrote The Secret Life of Bees, which is another great fantasy. Have you heard of it?
No problem! I hope you enjoy!
I'm a big fan of her. I like Tik Tok and Die Young. How about you?
I haven't heard that one, but I hear a bit about it. Do you like Electronic Dance music?
I didn't know she was born in Nashville, that's where she played. I think she's from a great place.
Great choice, he's written Breakfast at Tiffany's, and Murder by Death. Would you like more information about him?
Breakfast at Tiffany's stars Emile Hirsch and Marcia DeBonis, did you see it?
Breakfast at Tiffany's has a genre of Historical period drama and comedy. Do you like these genres?
I know he was born in Nashville and has won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award. Are you a fan?
SteveJobs is an actor, director, and producer. Two of his movies you might like are The Sum of All Fears and The People Speak
It's a Romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
He was also in The Devil's Advocate.
I'm sorry I don't have that information either.
He wrote The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary and The Ugly Truth. Have you read these?
I am not sure but The Ugly Truth is a book written by Rick Riordan
It was released in 2014
Your Welcome
I'm not a big fan of basketball but I do know he's from Chicago too.
I don't know the name of the point guards. I don't know if he is in the team right now. I don't know what sport he plays.
I've heard of Larry Bird, but I don't know much about it. I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
I've seen them a few times when they've played the Atlanta Braves. Aren't they in the National League too?
Do you know if that is their home venue for the Mets?
I'm a New York Giants fan. But, I like the Red Sox. How about you?
He is a good soccer Player. He plays at Mexico National Football team and Manchester United FC. Do you like soccer?
I agree! He's doing great for the Mexico national football team.
Oh, I like that movie too! It's been a long time since I watched it.
Absolutely! Stephen Sommers wrote Van Helsing a thriller that incorporates the Vampire and Werewolf genre. Is that of interest?
It's a thriller like The Mummy Returns. You should definitely watch this movie.
Sure, The Mummy Returns stars Steve Buscemi and is also in the genre of Fantasy. Do you like either of those actors?
Yes, it's an amazing movie. I'm sure you will like it!
Sure, no problem. Enjoy!
Wow, of course. I did not realize it was released in 1996. Do you want something newer and Indie?
I think you might enjoy the Indie Film, How to Train Your Dragon. Have you seen that one?
Also in that genre, it is an Indie Film that you might enjoy.
Yes, Rogue Nation is an action packed romance movie. Would you like to hear about other movies in that genre?
Young Sherlock Holmes and Zero Dark Thirty are good action movies you might enjoy.
Pound of Flesh stars William Hurt and Matt Bomer.
I'm always happy to help.
Sure can! I recommend A House of Night Novel by P.C. Cast.
I would recommend Xenocide, Redeemed, and Xenocide. All of those are young adult fiction.
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you it is in the speculative fiction genre.
Wicked Lovely also is part of a series. I think you'll enjoy it.
You're welcome, enjoy!
For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway. Would you like more books he wrote?
It is a romance novel.
To Kill a Mockingbird and The Way of the Gun are also considered romance.
I hope you like them!
I like them and Tom Brady and Owner Robert Kraft
Not really, I think they're a good team. They're a runner-up in Super Bowl XLVII.
The wife's name is Marisa Tomlin. I am more of a New England Patriots fan myself.
The Town was written and starred in by Ben Affleck. Are you a fan of his?
Its a great movie. Did you know Peter Craig also wrote Callum Rennie?
It was directed by E.B. White.
Good. Have fun!
Sure, WALL-E is a great movie. Is it the genre you like?
The Incredibles and Transformers are also good. Have you seen them?
it was a great movie starring Tony Jay, Ed Helms, and Jack Nicholson.
I don't know anything else he directed but he did direct the movie Maleficent
I think Katy Perry is a great singer and I also like her song Hot n Cold. Are you a fan of hers?
I didn't know that. That is a funny film!
Yes, I'm not a big fan of Russel Brand. Would you like to know more about Russel Brand?
Starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn, what do you like about it?
I like him in 10 Days. Would you like to know more about him?
Yes, great! I liked that movie too. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
I do! It's a comedy starring Meryl Streep and Emily Blunt. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm sorry, I do not have any information on another movie with him
I do not think I've seen that one before.
Of course, enjoy!
peter starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
It's a comedy.
Sure. Some other great Fantasy movies are: The Chronicles of Narnia, The Lion, The Witch, and The Wardrobe.
The main lead in that film is Jennifer Lawrence and Liam Neeson.
I hope you enjoy them!
Thomas E Connolly starred in Zoom which is a science fiction film. Do you like science fiction?
The Scarlet Letter was written by Thomas E. Connolly and was released in 1850.
You're welcome.
Into the Wild is written and directed by Sean Penn. Do you like Sean Penn?
Yes, he's an author who wrote Into the Wild and starred in it as well.
No problem! Enjoy.
A wonderful movie. It stars Johnny Depp and David Kelly.
The Rum Diary is a good one, as is Charlie and the Chocolate Factory. Have you seen it?
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
Robin Hobb wrote The Mad Ship and The Golden Fool.
Robin Hobb wrote The Dragon Keeper, Ship of Magic and Ship of Destiny, which are all fantasy.
Ship of Magic is written by Christopher Paolini, who also wrote Winter's Tale.
You are welcome!
Yes. oscar Wilde wrote The picture of Dorian Gray and The Importance of Being Earnest. Have you read either of these?
Yes, it is. Dorian is also a film that is similar to The Picture of Dorian Gray.
I know it was released in 1960.
Great!
Throne of Glass is written by Sarah J Maas. It was released in 2012. If you like that book, you might also enjoy The Assassin and the Desert.
Yes, it was released in 2014. I don't have any information on that movie.
Sure, there is The Assassin's Blade and Queen of Shadows.
No problem! Enjoy!
Sure, Jennifer Ehle starred in Zero Dark Thirty and the King's Speech. Have you seen those?
No, it was written by Mark Boal, who also wrote The Hurt Locker.
Do you want to add the movie to your watch list?
I think he is one of the best players on the Colombia national football team.
I don't know much about him either. I know he plays for the Colombia national football team.
Ah, yes she is from Columbia. My team is the Dallas Cowboys. What is your favorite team?
Do you like the starring Roald Dahl or the genre?
He also wrote James and the Giant Peach.
You're welcome!
My favorite team is the Broncos. Who is yours?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. I also like them. How about you?
They are a football team in the NFC south.
I'm not much of a fan, but I do enjoy watching Paul Pogba play soccer, what about you?
I like football and baseball. What about you?
Yes, Alex Ferguson was a great coach. I'm a fan of his brother, J.K. Simmons. That's awesome!
Stephen Covey wrote this book, it is a self help selection about success. DO you want books by this author?
THe Cuckoo's Calling and The Mists of Avalon are written by Stephen R. Covey
That's the only publication I can find from this year.
Ok what else can i do for you?
Sure! It was written by Guillermo del Toro, and is a fantasy-action movie. Do you enjoy the director, or the genre?
Yes the Choocolate Factory is a family genre movie and it is a drama. Do you like family genres?
Have you seen the other Pirates of the Caribbean movies?
Have you seen the Pirates of the Caribbean: At the Water's Edge?
Yes, that was written by Lawrence Hauben starring Scatman Crothers. It is a Drama released in 1975.
Great! He also directed and produced the film called Young Sherlock Holmes. Have you seen that one?
That is a great one. Then you might like War of the Worlds then.
Well, if you like those, you should check out The House of Mirth, which is also a Historical period drama.
Any time! Enjoy!
Yes, I do. Lauren Oliver wrote Torment, Teardrop, and Rapture. Have you read any of those ?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
No problem. Enjoy!
Paul McCartney! He wrote Yellow Submarine.
That is true. Did you know that he also plays the piano?
Yes, he is also a musician like the Velvet Underground.
I believe he plays for the Boston Celtics.
Oh, yeah! That's very cool. What is your favorite player?
Yes, I believe he was from Australia.
Stuck on You is a great movie similar to The Island.
He also directed Cloverfield, which is a sci-fi movie.
It stars Jason Bateman and Farrah Fawcett. Have you seen it?
Glad to be of service
I love him in the action movie Harsh Times. What is your favorite movie of his?
Yes, did you know he also starred in National Treasure?
The Prestige stars Hugh Jackman, Christian Bale, Kurt Russell and Christian Bale. Are you a fan of any of these actors?
You're welcome.
Yes, it was written by Rick Riordan and is a fantasy book. Would you like to know more about this?
The Looking Glass Wars was written by Frank Beddor
you are welcome
He is a professional footballer player for the Colombia National Football team as a midfielder.
Yes, the National Football team is a football team.
I like the Dallas Cowboys, what about you?
Yes, Sean Barrett wrote Xenocide. Are you a fan of speculative fiction?
Yes it is in English. Did you know that it was also released in English?
Do you know if I can help you with anything else?
thank you enjoy it.
I am not a huge basketball fan but I do know they are owned by Leslie Alexander. Are you a fan?
I like basketball, but I'm more of a baseball fan to be honest.
I don't know a lot about basketball but I think Houston Rockets are doing well this season.
I see he wrote Candide.
I actually don't have that information but it was released in 1726.
I have several satire books. Which genre are you interested in?
You're welcome!
Sure, Winnie the Pooh was written by A.A. Milne. Would you like to hear more?
He also wrote When We Were Very Young, which is a great read.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about him except that he's a soccer midfielder. Do you like him?
Yes, he is from Liverpool and plays on the national team.
Oh yeah that is where the New Jersey Devils play.
They have a coach named Jose Mourinho.
I believe he played for Manchester United F.C..
Occasionally, yes. Football is my favorite. Who is yours?
This book is part of a series. the Dvergent Trilogy
You might enjoy The Looking Glass Wars or The Golden Compass.
No problem! Anything else you would like to know?
Pulp Fiction is a crime fiction. Would you be interested in some of the genres?
Yes, John Travolta also starred in Resident Evil. Do you like that genre?
Sure! Enjoy!
Yes, he is a soccer player for FC Barcelona and is a midfielder. Do you like soccer?
I believe it is a paranormal romance.
Yes, he wrote The Lion, The Witch and the Wardrobe.
I'm not sure.
The version was released in Spanish.
No problem!
Yes, I am a baseball fan. My favorite team is the Red Sox. How about you?
They have a good season. They're in the AFC East, which is a tough division. Are you a baseball fan?
No. I'm sorry. I don't! I think Fred Wilpon owns the Boston Red Sox.
I think they are a pretty good team. Do you follow football much?
He was a killer. I'm not a big fan of the Buffalo Bills. But I have heard of him.
No, I don't have a favorite player. What is yours?
Sure, it was written by Saulius Dagys.
Yes, I do. She wrote The Scarlet Letter and The Secret Life of Bees. Have you read those?
Trace is written by Michael Connelly. It's a speculative fiction.
That's a great movie. I recommend it for you.
Yes he is! Do you like crime fiction?
It was written by Tim Dolin and released in 1891. Would you like to stay with the same author?
Thomas Hardy also wrote D'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
It was released in 1891.
It was released in 1891.
He starred in Animal Kingdom: Let's go Ape.
Hugh Jackman starred in it. Did you know that?
Hope you enjoy them!
Les visiteurs and Amélie are good ones. Have you seen these?
Valérie Lemercier and Christian Clavier are the main stars. It's a Sci-Fi/Horror.
Yes, it is in the English film.
You're welcome! Enjoy.
I know he's won the 2012 PGA Championship. Who does he play for?
Oh yes, I believe he was from Ireland. Irish is such a fun place to visit. Did you know he was there?
Yup, they are all from Ireland. I love their music.
Yeah, Tron: Legacy is starring Tom Cruise and Nichole Kidman.
It is an action movie.
Well, there is also the sequel to The Island of Dr. Moreau, which is also an action movie.
Okay, enjoy the movie!
District 9 was written by Terri Tatchell and Neill Blomkamp, and starred Sharlto Copley.
The Neon Demon is a great movie. I bet you would like it.
The Neon Demon stars Bruce Willis and Danny DeVito. It's also a thriller.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I do! She sung A Thousand Years and Lovestrong right?
Yes, I know that she is a guitarist.
I like both of them.
Definitely! It's new!
Sure. That was written by Diana Gabaldon. It is also a romance novel that was released in 1992.
Sure, I can recommend Zoe's Tale, Xenocide and Wyrd Sisters. They are all historical novels.
Sure! He also wrote A House of Night, which is a historical novel. It's a fantasy novel which is also considered children's literature.
You're welcome!
Todd Phillips wrote The Hangover Part II and Old School, do you enjoy comedy movies?
Also similar to The Hangover Part II is Meet the Fockers and Looking for Richard.
Old School is a Comedy. Enjoy watching?
I'd love to! He plays for the Golden State Warriors. He is a great player.
Yes. That is a great movie starring Matthew McConaughey. Have you seen it?
I haven't read it but I have heard of it. Hans Christian Andersen also wrote The Nightingale. I believe its a children's literature?
Yes she did! Winter Garden was released in 2014. I'm sure you'll like it.
No problem! Enjoy!
I would highly recommend Il Principe, written by him in 1513.
He wrote it in Spanish and Spanish. It is a good book.
Would you like to know more about these books?
There are so many great books to choose from!
Pete Docter directed Up and also directed Monsters, Inc. Does that interest you?
I don't know what else she wrote, but she did write the animated version of the movie Up.
It is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I like family movies too. Have you seen The Incredibles?
You're Welcome!
Steve Kerr is their coach, I don't have any facts about them but they are owned by Leslie Alexander.
Byron Scott was the runner up
I don't have information on Hardaway but I know he was a professional basketball player
I like Renaldo Balkman too, he is a great player
The Gunslinger was written by Stephen King and released in 1982. Would you like more books by that author?
It was released in 2008.
You're welcome.
Did you enjoy Fight Club becuase it is a Thriller or the Drama Aspects?
Zodiac is a thriller, do you like that genre? It stars Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
I'm not sure of the producer. It is starring Robert Downey Jr.
The Cleveland Browns are fourth in the AFC North division for the 2018 season. I think their owner Randy Lerner would be happier with a better place.
I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. What do you think of the Browns?
I'm not sure. Are they your favorite team?
I was not a big fan of the Browns.
He wrote 1Q84 Books 1-2. He researched Japanese studies.
I don't know but he wrote  [Z no shmetsu]
This book is in the genre Thriller and was released in 2005
Yes he also wrote  [Z no shmetsu]
You're Welcome
Oh yes, It was written by Saulius Dagys.
I believe it is a memoir.
Sure. You may like The Three Musketeers and The Last Hero. They are both Philosophy books.
You are welcome.
Yes, I can. Lester Speight starred in that as well as Kevin Dunn. It is a Action/Adventure movie.
Predator is also a Sci-Fi movie. Would you like to watch that one?
Avengers: Age of Ultron and K-PAX are both great action movies.
Insurgent was written by Veronica Roth and stars Samuel L. Jackson.
Enjoy!
I think it was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995. Do you like the book because of its story line?
He also wrote The Honk and Holler Opening Soon. Have you heard of this one?
He also wrote The Crucible. Have you read it?
Ok. Good luck with your reading!
Nathan Lane starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton have you seen it?
Are you interested in any other movies that he starred in?
Yes. Sex also starred in The Handmaid's Tale which is a hilarious movie!
Yes! She was! That was a great movie with Ben Stiller.
William Hurt was also in The People Speak, which is a romantic comedy.
Sure! F. Murray Abraham starred in Finding Forrester, The Grand Budapest Hotel and The Bridge of San Luis Rey, have you seen any of these?
Sure! Scarface is a thriller. He also starred in The Big Lebowski which is a psychological thriller.
I cannot find a science fiction movie.
Well it was directed by Chris Hemsworth, and stars Scarlett Johansson, Robert Downey Jr.. Do you like his work?
Yes, it is. It's a thriller and science fiction.
Great! You are welcome.
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
I like soccer and football. What's your favorite team?
Oh no, I watch it with friends when I'm out at the bar usually.
I don't really follow them that much but I do know they won the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Did you watch any other teams in the afc south?
I like the Steelers and the Chargers.
If you like Outlander, you should. It is a science fiction piece written by Charles Dickens.
If you like Outlander, you might also enjoy The Scottish Prisoner or The Fiery Cross. They are both great Sci-Fi books.
Xeneo DiCaprio is the first sci-fi movie Outlander. Another great sci-fi movie this year is The Lion, The Witch and the Wardrobe.
You're welcome!
I know that it was written by Harper Lee but I never read the book yet.
That is a great book. Then you'll like it.
Ok. One of my favorites is Xenocide.
You're welcome
The coach is Lousi van Gall but thats really all i know. Do you like him>
Well, I know he's a German football player and was born in Munich. Are you a fan?
I believe he is a musician, actor and athlete.
Sure, One for the Money is a science fiction book written by Kirsten Smith. Do you like crime fiction?
That was written by Meg Cabot. Have you heard of him?
Yes, it was. Stephenie Meyer also wrote The Chemist and The Chemist.
Yes, it is part of the series.
You are welcome!
Inside Out is a Thriller starring Seth Rogen and James Franco. It was released in 2012.
She was also in Wreck-It Ralph, which is an animated film!
This is the End is a comedy-drama. It's very funny.
Great, I hope you like it!
Great, have a nice day!
Well, he starred in I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With, which also starred Amy Sedaris. It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Yes she did . She also starred in a TV show called Women in Love.
She has starred in What Women Want also starring Sarah Silverman. It is a Science Fiction Comedy.
Sure! Ron Howard directed The Missing. He also directed A Beautiful Mind. Have you seen these?
Have you heard of A Beautiful Mind, written by Vince Flynn?
He also produced A Beautiful Mind which was a biography you might like.
Well, it seems he did. He also directed Escape from New York and starred in it.
Mr & Mrs Smith is written by Simon Kinberg and stars Vince Vaughn and Stephanie March. Are you interested in romance films, or drama films?
He also starred in Troy and The Tree of Life. Have you seen either of those?
Sure! Donnie Darko is a Thriller written by Richard Kelly. The movie stars Seth Rogen. Do you like Thriller movies?
No, he did write the Box but I do know that Donnie Darko is starring Mark Wahlberg.
Yes, The Box is a Thriller and is a Drama/Fantasy genre. Have you seen it?
You might also enjoy the Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor if you haven't seen it.
No problem. Enjoy.
Yes, I can tell you that The Throne of Glass is the first book in a series. The next in the series is The Assassin and the Desert.
The Assassin's Blade is the genre Drama.
I can recommend The Assassin's Blade and Queen of Shadows.
Would you like recommendations for other movies in the series?
Sure. The movie is based on a book by Hayao Miyazaki. Hayao Miyazaki also stars in it.
Enjoy!
Certainly, Beatrice Sparks wrote Go Ask Alice.
It sure is. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome.
Sure! Do you enjoy movies with Sandra Bullock in it or a thriller genre?
She has been in a number of movies. You should check out Toy Story if you haven't seen it.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Enjoy!
Yes. I like Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he wrote Will Grayson, The Fault in Our Stars, and Looking for Alaska. Would you like to hear more?
It's a fiction book.
You're welcome
If you like Outlander, you might also like The Name of the Wind.
That was released in 2010, the same year Jinx was released.
It's a fantasy novel.
Eleanor & Park is a great book by Rainbow Rowell. Are you interested in hearing abiout similar books?
Yes, she also wrote My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories.
They are both romance novels
Your welcome
Yes, he wrote Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was. He was also in this movie! Did you know he directed and produced the movie?
I recommend Zoolander 2 and Hocus Pocus. They are both great family movies.
I do! She's a Danish tennis player and was a former world No 1 in singles. She's a fantastic player
I like Serena better than Venus. Venus has had a long and profitable career but not as successful as Venus.
I'm pretty sure it is a comedy.
Sure! Zach Snyder directed The Skulls. Have you seen that?
I don't have that information, but I do know it was written by Stephen McEwan and Stephen McHattie, who also starred in Sucker Punch.
Sure, it is a comedy and also a thriller, but I don't know if it is in the comedy genre.
Sure, if you'd like to check out the comedy I'd recommend The Manchurian Candidate or The Manchurian Candidate. Both are good comedies.
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing. It was good.
Ok, then you'll like The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor. Have you read that?
Yes, it's a series. It's part of the Gemma Doyle series. But it's next in the series is called The Golden Compass.
Sure, I'd recommend The Golden Compass or The Fall if you haven't read those two yet.
Sure, I'm glad to help!
Rebecca was written by Sally Beauman.
It's a mystery, written by Daphne du Maurier.
I do. Leigh Brackett is the star of the movie.
No problem. I hope you enjoy it.
I really don't like them. It's my least favorite team in the AFC West, and I hate their mascot Miles.
Case Keenum was a Denver Broncos owner of the XXVIII. Do you like him?
Hugh Jackman is their coach. What is your favorite team?
I like basketball and football. What is your favorite sport?
He's a great player. What is your favorite team?
Yes! He is one of the most important player in Spain and in the Barcelona F.C.
I am not sure, but I know he plays forward.
That's right. They are the home venue for the Renaissance World.
Wrinkle in Time is a Science Fiction book written by Madeleine L'Engle. She also wrote The Jungle Book. Have you read that before?
It is also a Fantasy book. Do you like Fantasy?
Great, another science fiction book that is similar is The Time Machine.
Correct. It was, it was also written by Robert O'Brien.
I do! I like his song Marry You. Do you have a favorite song of his?
I like Johnny Depp. What's your favorite song of him?
No, I haven't heard that one yet. Is that a genre you enjoy?
Jules Feiffer wrote The Phantom Tollbooth which was a very good read!
It's a fantasy book and The Phantom Tollbooth is the sequel to The Phantom Tollbooth.
You're welcome!
Great, have a nice day!
Well, I know he was a Heisman Trophy winner in the past and he is a popular quarterback these days.
The Wildcats are a professional American football team based in Chicago, Illinois
Harrelson is great in it!
Sure, Jean-Pierre Jeunet wrote Micmacs. He also wrote A Very Long Engagement and Micmacs.
Micmacs is a French Crime Fiction. It is also a film.
Oliver Platt and Jeff Bridges are in Zulu. I'm not sure if it is a action film.
Welcome
13 Reasons Why was written by Jay Asher and it's in the genre of young adult fiction.
Well, would you like to know about other books he wrote?
No, I haven't read them, but they are definitely good.
It was released in 2007. I think he will enjoy it.
It's an autobiographical novel by Emma Stone. Does that interest you?
Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility are top reads by her.
It was published in 1817.
Ok, enjoy!
Sure! He wrote Michael Clayton. It starred George Clooney. Do you like that film?
You might like Zodiac or Yesterday Was A Lie. Both of those are mystery movies.
The Red Violin was released in 1987 and is a mystery-drama. Do you like that genre?
I hope you enjoy it!
