Sure, it stars Morgan Freeman and Bruce Willis, have you seen it?
Well, since you liked it, you may also enjoy Under the Tuscan Sun.
Death Wish is similar to The Hitman's Bodyguard.
The Hitman's Bodyguard is a historical period drama. Do you like movies in these genres?
Great, enjoy!
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans that was released 2012.
She is a Fiction writer. She wrote The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian.
It was released in 2011 and the genre is historical fiction
you're welcome
There's Something About Mary stars Jim Carrey and Ben Stiller. It's a great comedy starring Jim Carrey.
She's been in a number of movies including There's Something About Mary, Stand by Me, and Ocean's Eleven
She also starred in The Women of Brewster Place and Susan Saranden.
It was written by Sarah Dessen and is young adult fiction genre. Do you like that genre?
no, she also wrote What Happened to Goodbyes and The Truth About Forever.
yes she did. that is a great book. do you like any other authors?
you are welcome. Dreamland is a great book.
Don Cheadle starred in The Guard.
The Guard is considered Crime Fiction. Do you like Crime Fiction?
Jim Carrey, Don Cheadle and Liam Cunningham. Do you like comedies?
Sure, Enjoy!
I don't know a whole lot, I know he plays cricket from India.
He is on the India national cricket team, the Manchester United F.C. team.
I don't know any players on the team, but I do know a few players on the team.
Yes! Mike Newell directed Pushing Tin and Prince of Persia.
Yes, it was written by Robert A Heinlein and Mike Newell.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
I think he is the best small forward of all time, he is an underrated athlete.
Yes, he is a basketball player. Do you follow him?
Do you have a favorite sport?
Haha. I'm not a big fan of that sport, but I have to say James Harden has a crush on him.
No, I'm not a big fan but if I had to choose, I would have to say I am a big fan.
Hot Fuzz is a black comedy and parody film starring Jim Carrey. Are you interested in black films or comedy?
Yes, you are correct. He was also in The Sci-Fi Star Trek. Have you seen that?
Sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
He was in Count Dracula that also starred Louis Jourdan.
You might enjoy The Fault in Our Stars, or The Happiness Project. Have you seen any of those?
You are very welcome. Happy to help!
Yes, I really enjoyed it. It stars Spike Jonze and Sean Penn. Do you like them?
Yes, they are a great thriller.
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
Will do. Enjoy!
Will do. Enjoy!
I like him, he directed this movie! Have you seen it?
It was written by Oscar Wilde and is a comedy.
Al Pacino and Bridget Fonda are in this movie.
Here is a few recommendations I have for you today.
Yes, it is a horror film and it has a bit of Horror.
You're welcome.
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome!
William Directed The Hunted, The French Collection, and The Exorcist just to name a few.
The Hunted is a fantasy movie and The French Connection is a fantasy film. Do you like fantasy?
The Devil and The Hunted is a Crime Fiction/Thriller produced by Frank Darabonis and its a great movie.
The Great Gatsby is a novel and The Chosen and The Affair are similar to it.
I love all of the books by F. Scott Fitzgerald. What about You've Got Mail?
The Surgeon was written byurgeon Surgeon. It's next in the series is White Fang.
Do you like the clockwork princess?
She has written The Shadowhunter's Codex, which is another young-adult fiction book.
Done. Enjoy!
You're welcome!
Sure! Unforgiven starred Jake Gyllenhaal and Clint Eastwood. It's a good film.
Morgan Freeman starred in The Hunger Games which is a Sci-Fi movie.
I haven't seen them, but I've heard they're good and they are good.
Josh Hutcherson has starred in The Hunger Games. Do you like adventure films?
The Hunger Games has genre Young-adult fiction, have you seen it?
I hope you enjoy it!
Well, Madonna is a pretty cool singer. I have seen her movie before. Are you a fan of hers?
I'm not much familiar with her newer music. I have seen some of Madonna's hits on the radio. She was very talented.
I don't see that information, but I do know he directed Snoop Dogg. He also directed Snoop Dogg. Have you seen it?
Not sure but I see a listing for an athlete in India for Cricket.
Yes, he did. He is also a former Cricketer.
You are welcome!
Amy Poehler wrote Yes Please. Did you know she starred in The Ex?
have you heard of Kristin Hannah. what else can i do for you today?
this is a comedy. what else can i do for you today?
Tina Fey has written several books like Mean Girls. what else can i do for you today?
Sure! Are you referring to the Arsenal sports team?
I don't know much about them but I heard they are a good team.
You're welcome!
Jonathan Levine directed The Wackness, starring Mary Kate Olsen.
Jane Adams also stars in the film. It is a comedy and drama. Do you like comedies?
Yes, it was released in 2014.
No problem, have a great day.
He's a great actor! He starred in Taken 2 and Taken 2. Have you seen those?
Taken 2 stars Liam Neeson and he also starred in Taken 3.
Yes it is. Miley Cyrus starred in Taken. He's a great actor
Enjoy!
I don't really follow football that much. I do know that they are having a good season.
I am not sure. I do know that Mike McCarthy did a job with the coach, John Fox
Thanks for the info.
Well, Iron Man was a great action movie by Jon Favreau. Similar movies like The Incredible Hulk, or The Avengers by Stan Lee might be a good choice.
Yes, he is a screenwriter for the show O.k. Simmons. Have you seen it?
If you liked him in The O.C., you should check out The Road to El Dorado as well. It is a science fiction film.
George Clooney also wrote The Perfect Score. It's a good movie.
You're welcome!
That book was written by Dean Koontz who writes a lot of thrillers. Do you enjoy that genre?
It was written by Terry Pratchett. It's a part of the Trunk Music series that you might like.
The author is Jonathan Kellerman. I'm not showing any other books by that author.
The Man in the Iron Mask is a great one. You may also like The Man in the Iron Mask.
Have you read The Man in the Iron Mask or Rob Roy?
You're welcome
I like Nikki Minaj but I do not know much about him. Other than he is a celebrity friend to Tyga.
I haven't heard of her music but I do know that she did have a presence. Do you know who she is?
Have you heard of Tom Hanks?
Of course. Something Borrowed was written by Anne Hathaway. It is a romance novel. Is that a genre you enjoy?
Yes, it was released in 2012. The book is in English.
I like thrillers also. Shark Night is a thriller she wrote.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Judd Apatow wrote the comedy film This is 40 as well as the romance film Knocked Up
Groundhog Day was written by Wes Craven and produced by Jodi Picoult, Judd Apatow.
Yes he did. He also starred in Pineapple Express and Superbad. Have you seen those?
Not that I know of, but he did write Year One. Would you like to know more about him?
Sure, Groundhog Day is a comedy drama starring Tom Hanks and Julie Kavner
I don't know of any films he has written but he has starred in many comedy films.
You're welcome!
I know that he was a songwriter and pianist.
At The Disco is a Musician
Yes, if you like them I recommend The Disco.
I have heard of him he does a great job on his music
I love that movie. I remember that Cameron Diaz and Ben Stiller starred in There's Something About Mary
I like Ben Stiller too. He is in a lot of great movies. Did you know he wrote Zoolander?
It is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
I do! The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society were both written by her.
Both books are in the genre of historical fiction.
I hope you enjoy it! Have a great day!
Great! Have a good day!
George Orwell wrote it, and released it in 1945. Have you read it?
He also wrote Nineteen Eighty-Four. Have you read that one?
Yes, her book The Temple of My Familiar is one of my favorites.
Temple of My Familiar was released in 1989
I would say hip hop as well
You are welcome
I have no idea about Oldboy. How about some other Drama/Mystery movies?
Ok. Have you seen the movie X-Men 2? That's a great Thriller.
Lady Vengeance stars Bruce Willis and Jada Pinkett Smith.
She starred in The Proposal, which is a thriller.
Enjoy!
I recommend Hollywood Chinese with Wayne Wang.
He has produced several films, including The Ice Storm, Spy Next Door, and The Skull.
Woody Allen wrote The Nut Job, which is a Drama, and The Scarlet Letter. Would you like to hear more?
I don't have information on that, but I do know she was in a relationship with Tiger Woody Allen.
It is a Crime Fiction. Do you like Crime Fiction?
Sure! It was written by Colin Trevorrow. Its a great science fiction novel.
Sequal was released in 1994.
Yes, he did. He also directed Safety Not Guaranteed
I know that he plays golf that is about it
I don't know much about golf but I know he won a couple of PGA Championships right?
I am not familiar with that movie, I know it stars Adam Sandler and Ben Stiller.
Yes. You can try The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring and The Fellowship of the Ring.
I found The Golden Compass, The Looking Glass Wars, and Lord of the Rings to name a few.
I believe that is a similar book. The Silmarillion was written by J.R.R. Tolkien.
Wes Craven wrote My Soul to Take, where is starring Emily Meade and Frank Grillo
Awesome! So you may want to check out My Soul to Take. It stars Keanu Reeves.
Sure! He also starred in Hitch, which is a really good movie.
Sure! The Lost World: Jurassic Park is starring Vanessa Lee Chester and Richard Schiff. Do you like them?
Then you might like the movie Up in the Air. It's a historical period drama about dinosaurs.
You might like The Relic if you like X-Men.
Sure! Bob Peck has starred in Surviving Picasso and Lord of the Flies. Have you seen those?
Surviving Picasso is American. He is a French actor, writer, film producer, and actor.
Joss Ackland is written by Dante Alighieri and has a genre of Mystery
The Little Prince is a drama and Thriller.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Hes great and has a wonderful wife in Gisele
I wasn't aware. He's a great actor. Have you seen the movie?
I heard it was a good movie. He was also in it with Keanu Reeves.
I definitely recommend Die Hard with a Vengeance, starring Bruce Willis.
A Good Day to Die Hard is another Bruce Willis film starring him. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. He also wrote Die Hard with a Vengeance.
You will enjoy it!
Alien is a series of books written by Ronald Shusett. Have you heard of him?
I haven't seen that, but I can recommend other horror movies by Quentin Tarantino. Have you seen it?
Bats was released in 2010 and stars Xander Berkeley and Liam Neeson.
You're welcome!
He directed the science fiction film Eraserhead.
You may like Zombieland, X-Men or World War Z. Have you seen any of those?
She sure does! It's a great movie as well.
You're welcome! Enjoy.
I have The Rite starring Alice Braga.
Repo Men is written by John Marley. He also wrote The Martian.
He is also a writer. He wrote The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
Sure! Brett Helquist wrote the Reptile Room and The Vile Village. Have you read either of these?
The End is a fantasy novel and co-written by Lauren Oliver. It is a novel where the main character hikes 1,000 miles of the 2,650 mile pacific crest trail on a journey of self discovery and healing.
Its a mystery about a young girl who meets his inner child and falls in love with his wife.
Yes, I do. Do you enjoy him as an actor or singer?
He is! He has a son named Justin.
I have not seen it yet. It has a great cast. It also stars Jonah Hill.
Now sending you a link. Enjoy!
Yes, he starred in Windtalkers, Tumbleweeds, and Tumbleweeds just to name a few. Have you seen any of those?
I'm looking for a drama. Then I would suggest The Manchurian Candidate or The Manchurian Candidate.
Willie Garson stars in Windtalkers. It's a good movie.
Glad I could help.
I think he is one of the best soccer players in the world and he plays for FC Barcelona, right?
No, I don't play much football, I prefer American football. Are you a fan?
I haven't heard of that but I do know that he has a lot of good players. I'm not sure if that's the case.
Harry Potter and the cursed child is written by Dave Pelzer. He also wrote The Scorch Trials
Jack Thorne wrote Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, which is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
I don't know much about them. Who are their key players?
I'm not sure, what color colors are Blue and Blue.
They are part of the AFC West.
I sure can. Eoin Colfer wrote The Phantom Tollbooth which was written by Jim Butcher. Have you heard of this author?
Yes it was released in 2008. Have you seen it?
I haven't read that one, is it a mystery?
I do, did you know he is friends with Selena Gomez?
I like that genre too. I think he should give The BFG a try.
I'm not sure of any others, but I do know some of his more popular songs from The Morning.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know he wrote The Cider House Rules. It is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
I wouldn't know any more about them but I do know they won the 2009 NBA Finals.
It was Wrath of the Titans.
Yes, Christopher Nolan directed The Dark Knight Rises, Memento, and Man of Steel. Have you seen any of these movies?
He is a Russian author. His novel "Crime and Punishment" has been made into several movies.
Yes it is. It was released in 1866 and written in English.
Sorry, I am not sure about that. Did you know it was released in 1866?
You are welcome.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books. The next in the series is The Oz Books.
It's a great children's literature. Other fantasy books are The Looking Glass Wars and The Golden Compass.
I would recommend The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars. They're both great books.
You're welcome. Enjoy the books!
He is a soccer player for Dortmund. He's a midfielder. Do you like soccer?
He is a soccer player who also plays for Dortmund. He is a forward.
You are correct! He is also a musician.
It's a good movie! It was written by Patrick Rothfuss, do you like his work?
I have A Corn of Thorns and Roses, also written by George R.R. Martin, and are speculative fiction genres.
Were you looking for other books by Sarah J. Maas?
Have you read The Assassin and the Roses? It was written by Sarah J. Maas.
You're welcome!
Are you looking for action or fantasy by James Cameron?
It sure does. It also stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet.
Titanic starred Leonardo DiCaprio in the award-winning Titanic
You're welcome
Madame Bovary is a romance novel. Are you interested in romance novels?
You might also enjoy Where Rainbows End or Wide Sargasso Sea. Have you read them?
Yes, it is. Would you like me to add it to your list?
She wrote The Hunger Games and Mockingjay. Have you read either of those?
I like Venus Williams actually. Did you know she is in Men's Tennis?
Stefi Graffi Graffi Graff starred in The Princess Diaries and I think you would like them.
Yes, she might have heard of her!
She is a professional Golfer born in Hawaii.
That's awesome! What's your favorite sport?
It's amazing! What's your favorite sport?
Sure. She wrote The Journals of Sylvia Day. Have you heard of it?
Reflected in You is a romantic drama. Do you like those genres?
Yes, she also wrote Seven Years to Sin. Have you read those?
Sure! Margaret Atwood wrote The Year of the Flood, The Robber Bride, The Penelopiad, The Hear Goes Last as well as the Handmaid's Tale.
The Handmaid Tale is a dystopian fiction novel. Does that interest you?
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're very welcome!
I know a little bit about him. He was in a movie called Zero Dark Thirty. Have you heard of that movie?
The move Carlos is a 1986 American science fiction film directed by Edgar Ramirez and Martha Higareda.
Sorry I don't have the information when it was released.
Of course! A few that come to mind are "Tempted" and "Redeemed." Both are by the same author. Would you like to know more?
Tahereh Mafi wrote a book called I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings.
Yes, it was released in 2014 and is in the English language.
It was released in 2014 and is a romance / tragedy. It was also released in 2014.
Another fantasy series by George R.R. Martin that is similar is The Shadow of the Lambs.
You are welcome! Enjoy!
Wally Lamb wrote several books such as She's Come Undone and The Hour I First Believed. Do you like Fiction?
It was released in 2016. It is a thriller and mystery genre.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
Sure. He directed Finding Nemo which is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Machine Gun Preacher is actually a thriller and Finding Neverland is fiction.
Rachel McAdams is starring in Neverland.
It was released in 1994 and has a genre of drama
Sure.
You're welcome
I know he wrote A Separate Peace
It's a Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Un Lun Dun is a book similar to Un Lun Dun.
Your welcome
The Waves is a book if you like the genre Reference. Have you read this?
She wrote Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
Yes, Wuthering Heights is a great book.
Sorry I don't have access to that information at this time.
Sure! Did you like Young-adult fiction? The Giver is in that genre.
Okay. Some other young adult fiction examples are The Chocolate War and When You Reach Me.
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
Did you enjoy Fight Club have you seen Gone Girl?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You are welcome.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix actually has a sequel called Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince. Another title in the same genre is The Queen of Attolia.
Certainly. Another fantasy movie you might enjoy is Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. Have you seen either of those?
Your welcome. Glad I could help.
Sure! Mindy Kaling wrote How to Win Friends. Have you read that one yet?
It's a comedy about Mindy Kaling's work. Do you like comedies?
I'm not sure on the genre. However, Mindy Kaling also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure. Aylmer wrote оскресение and нна вана лиа.
Anna Karenina also wrote нна аренина.
You're welcome.
Sure! Cathereine Hardwicke wrote The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. It is a fantasy novel. Do you like adventure films?
The starring in Red Riding Hood are Amanda Seyfried, Gary Oldman, and Billy Burke.
She also directed Gone Girl, Creepshow, and The Prestige.
He is a soccer player from the Manchester United F.C.
I don't know much about the sport. He played for Manchester United F.C. and he is a midfielder.
Yes, he is a tiert player.
I liked it a few years but I haven't seen it. I've heard it's good.
I believe so and he also starred in The Big Lebowski which is a good comedy.
Ok, I gotta see. If you liked that one, you should give it a try.
Great, enjoy!
Yes, Where'd You Go, Bernadette is written by Maria Semple. Another book you might enjoy is Kisscut. Have you read that already?
Yes she did. That movie is a drama. Do you like drama?
Certainly!
Sure! She wrote Passion and Rapture. Have you read either of those?
Torment was released in 2010 and is a romance novel. It's considered a classic.
Sure. Enjoy!
Lewis Carroll starred in Cars 2. He is a very well-known writer.
Well Johnny Depp starred in The Rum Diary. Have you seen it?
The Rum Diary and Through the Looking Glass are popular movies of the same genre. Have you seen these?
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy them!
You're welcome! I'm glad I could help.
Yes I have heard of them. Weren't they once coached by David Platt?
David Platt and Emir Kusturica are the current player
You're welcome, enjoy!
Lauren Oliver wrote Vanishing Girls and The Naked. Have you read either of those?
I have read A Beautiful Mind which is also a very good read.
It's a great one. It's a drama.
You're welcome. Would you like to know anything else?
Sure! David Silverman directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen it yet?
Ellen Burstyn wrote The Simpsons. It's a comedy/drama. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is. He also wrote The Simpsons Movie which is a TV series.
You too!
He's a cricket player right? I've heard he's good.
I am not a huge fan of cricket but I do catch a match here and there.
You're right. I didn't know if he wrote any books.
Yes that is a great movie starring Orlando Bloom, Billy Boyd, and Bernard Hill. Do you like the Lord of The Rings?
Sure, he also starred in The Good Doctor and Zulu.
Great, hope you enjoy it!
Yes I do! It was written by James Dashner and released in 2011.
It was written by Rick Riordan. The genre is young adult fiction.
It is! It was also turned into a film.
She wrote the Nanny Diaries. Do you like her books?
I would recommend Pretty Little Liars. It's an excellent read.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix actually has a sequel called Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince. Do you like fantasy books?
I'm not sure about his tv show. He was also in a tv show called The Lord of the Rings.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen those movies?
Sure! Do you like Horror movies?
Sure! You may also like Zombieland, Reservoir Dogs, and many more.
Oprah Winfrey, and Michael Crichton star in the film.
Great. Enjoy the movie!
I think she is a great singer and actress. Did you know she starred in The Muppets a musical comedy film?
He directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13.
I do not know anything else he's acted in but he did star in The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson.
Emma Thompson and Abraham Lincoln starred in The Dirty Dozen. The Dirty Dozen starred Robert De Niro as well.
Yes, JK Tolken. It stars Orlando Bloom and Chrisopher Lee.
He is also in The Good Doctor which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, it is a great movie. It's a romantic comedy. Do you like those types of movies?
I don't know much about Venus but I do know that she is pretty good.
Serena is better, but Venus has lost matches to her sister Serena.
Yes, she is.
I don't know too much about him, other than he plays for the Colombian Football team.
I don't believe that he is a captain but I do know that he is a good player
I prefer American Football as well. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys.
I would. It is written by John Hughes and is a comedy. Are you interested in this genre?
Home Alone is written by John Hughes and the sequels is Home Alone. It is also considered a comedy.
The Breakfast Club was released in 1986
You are welcome.
I do. He seems like a very happy person. Do you know if he's dating anyone
I don't know much about his music, but I do know he is married to Jordin Sparks. He wrote music too.
I have not heard of it. Is it about Justin Bieber?
Do you like Shawshank Redemption because it is written by Stephen King?
He also wrote the Mist and the Lawnmower Man
You're welcome!
Would you like to hear about other books by Alice's Adventures in Wonderland?
It is. Lewis Carroll also wrote Through the Looking Glass, have you read it?
Ursula K. Le Guin also wrote The Assassin and the Desert.
I do! He starred in Deadpool and The Transporter Refueled. Have you seen them?
Cool. Radivoje Bukvic is an Indian film director and producer. Would you like to watch it?
It's considered a thriller and historical fiction.
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore to name a few.
It's a drama that you might like.
You're welcome.
Of course! Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade is written by George Lucas.
Journey To The Center Of The Earth is similar. what else can i do for you?
Journey To The Center Of The Earth is a good one that comes to mind.
He is a cricket player, do you know who he is?
He plays cricket for the Mumbai Indians, do you like cricket?
Yes, he did.
Yes, I can tell you that Rohit Sharma is from India.
I recommend Island and Brave New World. Are you interested in either?
It was published in 1886 and is considered a classic.
Yes, you're right, Jim Morrison wrote the band name.
No I am not for sure. What genre are you looking for?
Christopher Hampton also wrote The Minghella, The Man in the High Castle, and The Waves. Have you read any of these?
The Quiet American is a genre of Thriller, Mystery, and Crime.
Without Remorse is a thriller novel written by Ian McEwan. Are you into thrillers?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
2012 was written by Roland Emmerich and Harald Kloser and directed by Emmerich. Do you his movies or are you interested in something in the same genre?
It is action movie
Sean Connery starred in it.
Are you looking for other books by J.K. Rowling?
I can recommend another movie directed by Tate Taylor-I Spy
Good to know. I don't have any information on that. I can tell you that The Rocker is a good one. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. He also starred in Tuck Everlasting and The Proposal.
I do! She starred in Men in Black 3 and in The Muppets.
I haven't seen it yet. Is it a thriller?
Yes. The Client is written by John Grisham and the book The Client was released in 1995.
It is a psychological thriller, do you like that genre?
The Life of Pi is another great thriller by John Grisham.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about him. I know he is a football player, right?
I don't have that information
I enjoy watching college football and baseball
Baseball is great
Yes it is soccer and the Packer is a great player
I don't know much about the team other then David Platt coaches it. Do you like him?
I don't really know anything about soccer, I am more of a soccer fan.
I hope they win the last season, what is their last game?
Do you like writing young adult fiction? I would recommend The Time Traveler's Wife.
It is a mystery novel.
You're welcome.
You're welcome
Have you heard of Pride and Prejudice with Zombies?
Yes, it was written by Anne Tyler
That book was written by Virginia Woolf who also wrote To The Lighthouse.
Have you read Nostromo: a Tale of the Seaboard?
It's a fiction. Do you like fiction?
You're welcome.
Yes she was the composer of Call Me Maybe. Did you know she was also an actor?
Yes she did, and she also starred on The Voice.
Oh, I love listening to that one. She is a very talented man.
Yes, he is one of my favorites. Another one is  [Z no shmetsu]. Have you seen it?
The Others stars Nicole Kidman and Ulrich Thomsen.
No problem, enjoy!
Well, he wrote Madame Bovary which is a romance novel. Do you like romance?
Its a novel set in 1856. It is a historical period drama.
Yes, another romance novel is The Return of the Native. Have you read that?
I'm not sure what else he's written, but he was influenced by Dante Alighieri and Geoffrey Chaucer.
It's a romance novel set in 1856. Would you like to know more?
It's a romance novel. If you like romance novels, I'll add it to your list.
Ok, I'll add that to your list.
You're welcome!
I do too. He's been in The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October.
Yes, he wrote Nostromo: a Tale of the Seaboard.
Yes it's a great book. It was released in 1931. I recommend it.
It was released in 2005
He wrote The Road and The Crossing.
No, I haven't There's Something About Mary. What else can I do for you?
Sean Connery is the author. Should I add it to your list?
It came out in 1988.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Jane Eyre is a novel written by Michael Mason. Do you like Romance Novels?
Sure. He also wrote Jane Eyre and The Glass Lake. Have you read those?
I am not sure about Jane Eyre. She also starred in the Historical period drama, The Merchant of Venice.
You're welcome.
It was written by Malala Yousafzai.
He also wrote The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban
Veronika Decide Morrer is a war novel and Mako was released in 1985. It is a fiction.
He is also an author, she wrote The Importance of Being Earnest.
I think he is playing for Detroit Pistons. Did you know he is a player?
I prefer tennis. Do you like other sports?
Yes, Lakers are my favorite team. Who is your favorite player?
O Alquimista was written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988. The book is in the English language. Have you read this book?
Paulo Coelho was influenced by James Cameron. I am not sure of his other works. Have you read this one?
I have added it for you. Enjoy!
Sure! Divine Secrets of the Ya=Ya Sisterhood is written by Rebecca Wells. Do you like her books?
She also wrote Ya-Yas in Bloom, she is a great writer.
Enjoy!
Sure! Kami Garcia wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Redemption which are Young-adult fiction novels. Have you read either of these yet?
It is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
You are welcome. Glad I could help.
She wrote Throne of Glass , and The Assassin and the Desert.
Yes, she did write Throne of Glass and The Assassin and the Desert.
Great!
Great!
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a Sci-Fi movie released in 2008 and starred Gary Oldman.
Kodi also starred in Slow west with Ben Mendlesohn.
Yes it is, it is a crime movie.
You're welcome!
Yes. The movie Artificial Intelligence is directed by Steven Spielberg. Would you like to hear more titles by this director
Emma Stone is a good actress. Emma Stone starred in it but it is not a Sci-Fi Drama.
You are welcome have a great day.
This is the End is a comedy starring Evan Goldberg. Are you interested in his work?
I can tell you that James Franco has only acted in drama, comedy, and comedy genres.
I'm not sure who else stars in it, but the film stars Jon Tenney and Rob Campbell.
Do you like this book because it is a Fantasy?
He has also written Thirteen Moons and Cold Mountain.
It's a young adult fiction by Charles Frazier. He also wrote Dreamcatcher.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I liked them better when Jason Witten was playing, but they're still a pretty good team. Are you a fan of them?
He was in the movie Jerry Jones. Do you know of any other movies he's starred in?
Zach Galifianakis is a reality show. Do you like him?
Bruce Almighty was written by Steve Oedekerk he also directed Ace Ventura: When Nature Calls so they might be similar
It also stars Sam Rockwell and Kristen Wiig. It's an all-star cast.
It is, along with Matt Damon and Josh Brolin.
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Hunger Games. Do you like science fiction movies?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
She's been in The Kids Are All Right, which is a really good movie.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Do you like thrillers?
He was also in Grindhouse and The Truman Show.
You're welcome!
You are welcome.
She wrote Mean Girls and Bossypants.
Yes, he was in The Kite Runner. It was written by Khaled Hosseini.
Sure! Tate worked on The Help, starring Bryce Dallas Howard and Ahna O'Relilly. Have you seen it?
Yes, Cicely Tyson starred in The Help and Get on Up.
She starred in The Women of Brewster Place with Oprah Winfrey.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure! Are you interested in the writer, Christopher Nolan, or the star, Tom Hardy?
Christopher Nolan directed the Dark Knight
George Lucas wrote Star Wars and directed Cars, have you seen it?
Harrison Ford and Carrie Fisher starred in the film. Are you a fan?
Yes, it is considered a Drama.
I sure can! Do you like Fiction? You may want to check out The First Man in Rome or Lost Souls.
She also wrote Circling the Sun. Have you heard of that one?
It is about a mysterious assassin working for a group of rebels trying to overthrow the government.
I'm not sure, but it was released in 2015.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Lea Thompson has starred in movies like The Wild Life, The Wild Life, and The Wild Life. Have you seen any of those?
I'm not sure if she has acted in but I can tell you she is also in The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club and The Golden Compass.
You're welcome. That is a great film.
He also wrote Time Bandits, which is a romance film.
OK, I will add those to your list.
I do, it starred Marlon Brando and Sofia Coppola to name a few.
Yes, she starred in it and produced by Francis Ford Coppola.
Yes, he did. And he also directed The Godfather II, starring Al Pacino.
He wrote The Story of My Life. Would you like to hear more about that book?
Are you a fan of romance novels?
Yes it is! Another romance novel in the same genre as Welcome to Temptation. Have you read that one?
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
Not a whole lot but I know he is a German footballer. Do you follow soccer at all ?
Kristin Cashore wrote Graceling, Fire, Bitter Blue. Have you read any of these?
She also wrote Graceling, Fire, and Bittterblue. Have you read any of these?
No I don't know. But I see it is a fiction written by William Nicholson.
No I haven't read it, but I find it interesting to be in the children's literature genre.
The Giver is written by Lois Lowry and is a fiction
I think he's a good qb. Did you know his brother Jordan was on the Bachelorette?
I do, the Dallas Cowboys are my favorite. Which team is yours?
It's been awhile but I haven't had a chance to watch the NFL for years. What sport do you like?
It was a good one as well as a comedy- drama called No Country for Old Men.
Yes, The Lost Hero is written by Rick Riordan. The book involves Greek Mythology. Would you like to know more about this?
The Lost Hero is speculative fiction
Yes,The Titan's Curse is a fantasy novel
You're Welcome
Dan Scanlon wrote Monsters University, what else can i do for you?
Toby Jones and Dan Scanlon also starred in Monsters University. It is a fantasy movie. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I sure do! He's written The Niccol Machiavelli, have you read that? It's a Historical Novel.
The Prince is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People is a book similar to The Prince.
No, I actually don't, I really don't know much about him.
Yes, they are a few of my favorite artists.
I haven't heard of any of his music but I have seen some movies he's done with that. I have seen some of them and I enjoy watching them from time to time. Have you heard of them?
Sure! Do you like books written by Truman Capote or crime fiction?
He also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Murder by Death. Would you like more information about this book?
No problem!
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is a book about two different people. Would you like to know about other biographies?
Sure, it's written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010.
It's written by William Nicholson and is a film adaptation.
I love her music. My favorite is I'm Not Dead by Pink. What is yours?
I am not a big fan of her music. I like Taylor Swift as well. She has a lot of flacks from her songs. Do you like Serena?
I don't really know about her music. I prefer Selena Gomez.
Sure! Carolyn Goodall has starred in The Princess Diaries and Schindler's List.
White Squall stars Jeff Bridges and Jason Marsden. Do you like these actors?
Coming of Age is a fiction film that was released in 1995. Do you like movies in these genres?
Yes, that is correct. I haven't seen it, but I do know that The Secret Life of Bees is an excellent film.
You're welcome!
Of course. Charles Dickens wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop.
Sure! Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Papers was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. It's an excellent read.
He wrote Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club and Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club.
I hope you enjoy them!
John Grogan wrote Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog. Did you know it was turned into a movie?
Sure, I recommend Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog. what else can i do for you today?
Sure! Do you like Scream because it's a Horror?
Of course, I'm not sure about that, but I do know that Wes Craven directed Scream 4. Have you seen it?
Sure, Johnny Depp starred in The Rum Diary which is a horror film.
Sylvester Stallone directed The Expendables starring Jet Li.
Yes, he was, and so was Clifton Collins Jr.
I don't have that information, but Sylvester Stallone also starred in Redbelt.
Yes, it written by Cassandra Clare and released 2014. Have you read this book?
The Mortal Instruments is City of Bones, City of Bones and City of Ashes is Fantasy. Do you enjoy these genres?
It's a great one to read. Cassandra Clare wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Bones; City of Bones; City of Bones; City of Bones; City of Bones; City of Bones; City of Bones; City of Bones; City of Bones; City of Bones; City of Bones; City of Ashes also is the next in the series! The Harry Potter series that
Sure. Do you like Pulp Fiction because it's a drama?
Royal Kill stars Keanu Reeves and Robert De Niro. It was written by Arthur Miller.
I don't know too much about her, just that she's a table tennis player from China. Are you a table tennis fan?
What do you think of him?
I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer. How about you?
You are very welcome
Bobby Farrelly starred in Stuck on You. Stuck on You is written by Peter Farrelly.
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Matt Damon also starred in Green Zone which is a great movie.
Rob Cohen directed The Skulls along with The Fast and the Furious
I am not sure, but I can tell you it also starred Chris Hemsworth and Stellan Skarsgard.
You're welcome.
The coach is Louis van Gaal, do you like him?
Its a football
Yes, he is
I don't know much about him other than he was a musician.
I am not sure about that. I believe he is from South Africa
Certainly! Million Dollar Baby was directed by him. He also starred in it. Great movie!
Tommy Lee Jones starred in it. It's a historical period drama
Yes, I hope you enjoy it!
The Lives of Others and The Tourist are two good ones.
The Tourist is a psychological thriller and The Lives of Others is the genre.
Florian Florian also starred in the movie The Tourist.
It was released in 2005.
It was written by Frank Darabont. It was released in 2010.
Glad I could help!
I think they are the best team in basketball. Who is your favorite player?
I agree! He's probably one of the best shooting guards.
Oh they sure do! He's one of my favorite players. He's a great player though.
Jane Eyre is a novel written by Michael Mason. Do you like Romance Novels?
Yes he has. Other romance novels include The Glass Castle and Villette.
Then you'll like Without Fail by Lee Child
Russel Westbrook is an American professional basketball player. Are you interested in him?
I like football and baseball. What about you?
No, I haven't. What sport do you like?
I know he wrote The Boy in The Striped Pyjamas.
It's postmodern literature, fable and also children's literature.
You are welcome.
I don't know a whole lot. But I know it was written by James Frey. Do you enjoy speculative fiction?
Sure. It's a fictional novel by James Frey and also classified as speculative fiction.
Yes, he has directed The Secret Life of Bees, No Country for Old Men, No Country for Old Men and No Country for Old Men.
Richard Andrews is famous for writing The tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark.
1600. Have you read The Winter's tale?
I am not sure about that but I do know Shakespear wrote The Tale of Peter Rabbit
Sure. Added it to your list.
Toni play on the Germany national football team. He is a midfielder.
Yes, he is. He is also a midfielder and a forward as well.
I am a big fan of soccer, but I don't really like to watch it. I like American Football.
Isn't he a tennis player?
Basel is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I love her! Wasn't she on American Idol? Do you like her music?
No, I didn't. She also won the Video Music Award for Video of the Year.
She is still alive, as well as a musician.
Sure. Jaws was written by Peter Benchley and stars Robert Mark Kamen. Do you like his movies?
I'm not sure, he was also in the movie. Peter Gordon also wrote the movie Jaws.
You're welcome
Sure! She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie
It was written by Frances Mayes. It is a romance novel.
It's a romantic comedy. You should check it out.
I can tell you that Robert Cohen starred in The Hunted.
The skulls genre is Thriller and drama
It is written by Robert King and stars Denzel Washington.
I also have no information on Craig T. Nelson, but I do know that he is also in fact an actor and a director.
Lelie Bibb has also starred in Winnie the Pooh and Aftermath.
You're welcome.
I know that they're an NFC south team and i believe Lovey Smith coaches them.
I do. I'm a NY Giants fan. But I don't really like their coach, Jim Caldwell.
I like football. I'm a NY Giants fan. Since they are my team is my team I root for the Bears. What about you?
I love Linkin Park, My favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
Yes, Somewhere I Belong is written by David Ayer. Are you familiar with that author?
I do not know of any rock albums. I have heard some of their music but they are very popular
Yes, I do. I'm a Philadelphia Eagles fan. How about you?
They have a good chance. They had a good win. They're doing a lot of good games, though. They haven't watched any other games this year.
Yes, the Patriots have won quite a few Super Bowl's recently!
In Cold Blood was written by Truman Capote. He also wrote Murder by Death
Sure, there's The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror. Is this of interest?
Yes, it was based on the book.
Sure, which genre do you prefer? Fantasy, Comedy or Adventure?
Yes, it also stars Sarah Silverman. Do you like her movies?
Garfield also had a starring role in Step Brothers. You might like that one as well.
they are pretty good. They were runners up in the 2003 NBA Finals.
Yes, I like to watch basketball from time to time. How about you?
I like football. What is your favorite sport?
I heard it's funny. I haven't heard of it, but I heard it's a pretty good movie. Who is in it?
She was in Who's That Girl and Slammed as well. Have you heard of those?
Ted also starred Charlize Theron. She was great in it!
You're welcome!
Sure! Nathan Lane has starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen that?
Yes he was. It's a great movie starring Denzel Washington.
Yes, it was released in 1969.
I do! I know that Orlando Bloom starred in Elizabethtown. Are you a fan of adventure films?
He was. He was also in the thriller The Good Doctor. Have you seen it?
I'd recommend The Good Doctor or The Dark Knight Rises.
Do you like X-Men Origins because it is an action movie or because it is science fiction?
Sure, he also starred in The Wolverine, which is a science fiction film.
Annie Hall also starred in Waiting.
You are very welcome.
Sure, do you like it because it is written by Joel Coen or because it is a Historical period drama?
He has starred in The People Speak, Push, and Push, Nevada. Have you seen any of these?
He's been in The People Speak, and Push, Nevada.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it was directed by Leo Tolstoy and Richard Linklater directed the film.
He directed Pretty Little Liars, which is a drama film. Have you seen it?
Confused was released in 1994.
Great! You may also like the Romantic Comedy hit movie as well. Have you seen it yet?
In the film Drama/Comedy, it starred Arthur C. Clarke and was released in 2005.
It is also classified as a drama.
You may like Zoe's Tale, X-Men or World War Z.
Yes, it falls into the Sci-Fi category and it's a Mystery.
They are a sports team. They are a good team though.
They are pretty good. They're owned by J.J Abrams, and they're owned by Zygi Wilf. Is there anything else I can help with?
Are you a fan of the Patriots?
This is the End, The Interview
It starred Mindy Kaling, James Franco, and Channing Tatum.
Channing Tatum also starred in The Young and the Wild One. You might like that one.
Channing Tatum also starred in Pineapple Express, which is a great film!
The Vow also stars Mindy Kaling and Jed Brophy. Both are great actors.
You're welcome!
Sure! Red Dragon is a Psychological thriller that is similar to The Silence of the Lambs.
I believe he also starred in Wrath of the Titans and Working Girl which are horror films.
Great!
No that is the only one I have at this time.
Yes, The Lion King is one popular movie. Have you seen it?
If yourene Mecchi, you might enjoy The Running Man or The Devil's Advocate.
You're welcome.
Yes, The movie written by Vince Gilligan, starring Will Smith.
Will Smith also starred in The Pursuit of Happiness and Seven Pounds.
Sure, Shia LaBeouf is a thriller and drama. Do you like those genres?
Sure. Have a great day.
I know he plays soccer for Manchester United F.C.
I don't know much about Fabio Capello, but I have heard of Apocalypse Now. Have you seen it?
I'm more into American Football. What about you?
Yes, he also wrote The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson. Have you heard of that one?
I really like their K-Pop style of music! Have you heard of them?
They are from South Korea and also played in South Korea. Are you a fan of his?
I'm not sure, I don't think so. Is that a genre of stadium?
Yes, Jason Flemyng starred in Wild Bill, Welcome to the Punch, Viy, The Social Network, and many more. Have you seeing any of these?
Sean Penn and Todd Allen starred in it. It is a great movie.
Great, enjoy the movie!
Your welcome.
I sure can! She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign and Un di Velt Hot Geshvign. Have you read those?
It's a non-fiction book. It was released in 1958.
Great! It was released in 1958.
Well, Hellboy was written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote Toy Story 3.
Hugh Jackman starred in the Wolverine. He is a great actor.
You're welcome. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, he is one of my favorite authors. His work is influenced by Kurt Vonnegut. Would you like to know more about him?
I don't see that information, but he is also a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Barcelona and the Uruguay national team.
No, I haven't seen it but I know he is a popular musician.
John Travolta is also in that movie. He is a very talented actor.
Are you interested in movies she's starred in? She was in Terminator 2: Judgment Day.
It is a science fiction film, do you like those kinds of movies?
Then you'll like The Fault in Our Stars if you're interested in this genre.
Yes. He has list of books you should check out. SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling
Yes, he also wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything!
I have not read any of his books.
I haven't read the book yet, but i have read it before.
Edgar Wright wrote Dorian Gray and The Stand. Have you heard of those?
Yes, it is considered science fiction.
Yes, and you are welcome! I hope you enjoy it.
Coldplay is a band with Chris Martin as the lead vocal. Do you like their music?
Coldplay is starring Denzel Washington and Josh Brolin
Yes I can tell you that many of their music are written by Ray Bradbury
She wrote dreams of Gods & Monsters, Inc.
It's a fantasy novel that was released in 2014
It came out in 2013, the same year as The Secret Life of Bees.
I hope you enjoy it!
I do, he's a really good point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers.
I didn't know that. I know he was born in Oakland. That's where he played.
I haven't seen it but I have heard of him. He is a great player.
Quentin Tarantino have starred in several movies. Would you like to know more about those?
It was written by Rhonda Byrne and produced by Rob Zombie.
Sure. Grindhouse is starring Kurt Russell and Josh Brolin. It is a Fantasy/Comedy.
Sure, Big Fish was written by John August and he also directed Monsters, Inc.
The Skulls is a similar movie to Kenny.
Yes, have you seen Beautiful Creatures? It is one of my favorite genres.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Sure! Phil LaMarr has starred in Zambezia, The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants, and The Life of Bees. Have you seen any of these?
It has a great cast including Willie Garson, Robert Downey Jr, Sam Rockwell and Serena Williams.
It is a Mystery, do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome, have a great day!
They are in the NBA. They are owned by Jay-Z.
Me too! Are you a fan of Transformers?
He has a lot of great actors. Ramon Rodriguez starred in Jurassic Park, Hayden Christensen, and Tom Everett. Have you seen any of these?
It is a crime thriller and it also stars Robert Downey Jr. and Tom Hanks.
Sure! Similar romance novels include The Fiery Cross and This Lullaby. Have you read those?
Yes, Voyager is a good romance novel.
Yes, it is.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know she was born in Mumbai, play tennis, and is married to Shoaib Malik.
Not really. I know about Venus because Serena Williams sisters. What sport do you like?
Yes, she is very successful. They are also in the movie Hair Show.
Al Pacino starred in Looking for Richard
Both are comedy and drama.
He also starred in The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate.
Sure! Sense and Sensibility was also written by Jane Austen.
Stepford Wives is written by Ira Levinson.
She also wrote Afterlife which is a fantasy. You might like that one.
You're welcome.
Yes, she is a singer, song writer and television personality.
Sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm not sure about that but I know it was released in 2010.
You're welcome
He's good! He starred in a few good movies like Zero Dark Thirty, Wrath of the Titans and Vantage Point. Have you seen any of those?
I haven't seen it yet. I've heard it's a great crime fiction movie. I've heard it's a good movie.
No, The Hurt Locker stars in that movie. I'm sure you'll like it.
Great! I'll add it to your list. Enjoy!
He starred in Unaccompanied Minor, The Other Guys, The Hangover. Have you seen any of those?
Sure. Unaccompanied Minors starred Tyler James Williams and Teri Garr.
Sure. Have you seen The Lorax? It's a drama/crime.
Sure. Unaccompanied Minors is added.
Enjoy the movie!
He is the author, he is most famous for writing The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly. Would you like to know more about this book?
Water for Elephants is a Romance film starring Reese Witherspoon released in 2011. It's considered a Romance film.
He's great! I think you'll enjoy it!
Yes, it was written by Leo Tolstoy and Richard Linklater stars in the movie.
Yes, it was written by Leo Tolstoy and released in 1985.
Yes, Leo wrote Tolstoy. Have you seen that one?
Any time. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, I can! Twilight is written by Meg Cabot. Have you read that one?
Yes, she is a great author. I would also recommend The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner.
Your welcome
Sure. The Social Network is a biographical film starring Justin Timberlake. Do you like Biographical movies?
Tom Everett, Yvonne Zima, Adam Sandler and Jeff Garlin all starred in the movie.
Other films are: A Beautiful Mind, A Big Wedding, Till We Have Faces
You're welcome
Sure, he is an author who wrote a biography David Copperfield. Are you a fan of his?
It's a great book. Some of my favorites are The Pelican Brief and Mr. & Mrs. Smith. You should enjoy those!
Yeah, Zadie Smith is a great writer. I haven't read his books, have you?
He directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13. He also directed Escape from New York.
It is starring Josh Hutcherson and Salma Hayek, have you seen it?
She definitely is! I've been so happy to see her in that movie.
I'm not sure about that one, but Jamie Lee Curtis starred in Zoolander as well. This movie is a Crime Fiction genre.
I would recommend the book, The Two Towers. It serves as the sequel to Lord of the Rings
Women in Love was written by Anna Sewell
He also wrote The Thorn Birds and The Return of the King
The Matrix is Sci-Fi. Do you like that genre?
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
Nicholas Cage starred in Inception.
A Wrinkle in Time is a science fantasy novel written by American Madeleine L'Engle. Are you interested in science fiction?
You might enjoy the next book in the series called A Wind in the Door. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it was written by Madeleine L'Engle.
The Witch of Blackbird Pond is another example of Young-adult fiction.
I don't know, but I do know that it was also made into a movie.
You're welcome.
I do! Ayush Mahesh Khedkar starred in Slumdog Millionaire. Have you seen that?
Slumdog Millionaire is a romance. Do you like romance?
It was released in 2004. It's a romance.
You're welcome. hope you enjoy it.
I know he wrote The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies.
Aidan Turner also starred in the Mortal Instruments called The Hobbit.
It is adventure fiction
Sure. You might like American Gods
Chris Hemsworth
Did you like the author Roald Dahl or the genre?
Zoe's Tale and Z for Zachariah are Speculative fiction.
I believe it is! The Last Colony and The Human Division are in that genre, too.
I do a bit; I know that Donna Tartt wrote it and that it was released in 2013.
Yes, she won that prize. She also won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.
She did. She also wrote The Secret History
Dinna Tarrt was born in Dallas.
You're welcome.
JoJo Moyes wrote that one. You may also like The One Plus One.
I liked that one as well. Have you read other books by Jojo moyes?
Enjoy!
I do! It was written by John Green. Are you interested in other books by him?
Yep, he also wrote Paper Towns. Are you interested in either of those?
I don't think I've seen that one yet. Can I help you with anything else?
I can't find that information right now. I can add that to your list if you'd like to hear about that one.
He wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. Have you read that?
I can recommend the book.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy!
Yes I do. He starred in The Mask and Rob Roy.
The Goon is a classic movie starring Tim Miller. It is a horror movie
Black Hat is a movie starring Tim Miller
Sure, have a great day!
Sure! Pan's Labyrinth is a novel written by Guillermo del Toro, and it's a fantasy novel.
Yes, it is in Spanish and has a English subtitle.
It's a Spanish and Spanish film. If you like the movie I'd recommend you give it a try!
The Looking Glass Wars is a great fantasy movie. Have you seen this?
Great! You'll enjoy it!
I've heard of him, but haven't read his work. He wrote The Water is Wide, The Prince of Tides and The Lords of Discipline.
That is true, do you like movies he's written?
Yes, he also wrote the book and the movie was adapted into a film.
I like this, you may like the Madrona Murders. He passed away in San Francisco in 2015
I haven't seen it but I heard it was good. Then I've heard of it.
I haven't seen it. But I heard it's good.
He is a great actor. You have your time to watch The Godfather II.
It was written by Jon Krakauer Erin Hunter.
Yes, it was produced by Sean Penn. Sean Penn starred in it with Steve Buscemi. Have you seen it?
Definitely Sean Penn wrote Into the Wild and it has genre Adventure. Have you seen them?
Do you know that Garth Williams starred in Hair Show?
He directed The King's Speech, The Damned United, and Les Miserables. Do you like the movies he does ?
Sure, some of the most popular ones are The Invisible Man and The Book Of Mormon. Do any of these interest you?
Okay.
I like his song Marry You. Do you have a favorite song of his?
I haven't heard about her, but will have to check her out. Did she star in Spring Breakers?
I agree, I would have to agree with you on that. What song do you like from her?
Yes, I sure would!
The coach is Lousi van Gall but thats really all i know.
The coach is Louis van Gaal. Do you like the coach?
I think he did. Is he a good coach?
The Maze Runner is a young adult fiction by James Dashner
The author is James Dashner
No problem, have a great day!
Sure! Roy has written The God of Small Things. Would you like to know about that?
It's considered family drama and literary fiction, do you like those genres?
I believe it was made into a movie, have you seen it?
You are welcome
That was written by Sue Monk Kidd and is in the fiction genre. Are you into children's literature?
It is written by Sue Monk Kidd and is in the genre of Speculative fiction
i dont have information about the movie but i can tell you that The Secret Life of Bees was adapted into a film
She wrote Dracula. Have you heard of it?
Nina Auerbach also wrote The Invisible Man. Do you like fiction?
Well, there are several authors similar to Dracula, including David J. Skal.
You are welcome, have a great day!
Yes, by J.R.R. Tolkien. It stars Orlando Bloom and Chrisopher Lee.
I can't seem to find that information. However, I can tell you that The Good Doctor was directed by Peter Hyams. It is a fantasy novel.
You're welcome. He's also in several Thrillers like that one.
I don't know too much about them but I do know they play in the National Football League.
Yeah, great. I'm a Philadelphia Eagles fan, but I don't really know much about the Texans.
Yeah, he owns the Houston Texans. He's a great owner. Do you like the Houston Texans?
Yes, he starred in Wuthering Heights and Troy would you like to know more of his movies?
Well, Ryan O'Neal who also starred in Wuthering Heights. Do you like comedies?
It came out in 1847.
It's a classic, released in 1847. It's a classic!
I sure do! She wrote The Good Earth which is a Historical period drama. Do you like fiction?
It was released in 1926 which is the same year that The Good Earth was released. I haven't seen it.
I highly recommend it.
Great, I'll add them to your list.
Yeah, she is a very talented tennis player, do you like her?
Sure, she has starred in various movies like Serena Williams and Roger Federer.
Yeah, my favorite team is the Washington Redskins. But, I haven't watched the Super Bowl once in a while.
Yeah, he is a great player, and used to be a forward as well.
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Thomas Christensen wrote the book.
You are welcome.
Great, enjoy!
Sure, do you like Fantasy or Action movies?
Yes it is written by Zak Penn
I have not seen it.
You're welcome
Steve Carell and Ryan Gosling are in that movie. Shallow Hal is another romantic comedy
Well Ryan Gosling starred in Under the Tuscan Sun. It's a romantic comedy. Have you seen it?
You are welcome. I'll add them to your list. Enjoy!
Sure! He wrote To Kill a Mockingbird, The Stand, and The Stand. Do any of those sound interesting to you?
He is from the United States of America.
The Dead Zone is a fantasy and The Scorch Trials is fiction.
I'm not sure about that but I know it was written by Bernie Wrightson
Yes, I recommend the Cast Away
Tom Hanks also starred in The Post and Forrest Gump.
I don't have that information, but Larry Crowne is probably one of the most popular movies of his.
Enjoy!
Ok, anything else I can help you with today?
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets written by J.K. Rowling?
It has a genre of Novel and Fiction.
It does star Pierre Perrier and it is a thriller.
I do! I really like their coach Pete Carroll, but I'm not sure they are doing well. I know they're owned by Paul Allen. Do you know a lot?
Have you heard of the Seahawks?
Do you know anything else about Paul G. Allen?
Sure, it was written by Jerry Spinelli and it is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like fiction?
Sure! Milkweed and Maniac Magee are some of his other great reads.
Sure! Wicked Lovely is a young adult fiction novel written by Melissa Marr.
I like him. I think he is one of the best tennis players in the world.
He's #1 in the WTA singles. Maybe I should check that out.
I agree. I like Federer as well.
I don't have any information on any of her books, but I can tell you that Mary GrandPre was influenced by Richard Matheson and Mary GrandPre.
You are correct. J.K. Rowlings wrote those books.
Sure, it was written by Liane Moriarty and released in 2009. Are you interested in her work or her genre?
You are correct. What Alice Forgot was released in 2009. She also wrote Three Wishes. Have you read that one?
You are welcome. Enjoy it!
They're doing okay in the NFC East. Third in rank I think. Not really a fan of them.
My favorite team is the Broncos. How about you?
They seem to be having a bad season but they are having a good season.
I agree! He is a great player but not a fan of the Cowboys.
X-Men 2 starring bruce davison
X-Men 2 is a Sci-Fi. Do you like Sci-Fi?
The Incredible Hulk stars William Hurt, Ty Burrell and Tim Roth
Sure! She wrote The Hiding Place. That was a good one. I also like God's Smuggler.
It's considered non-fiction and an Autobiography. Would you like to know more about that?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Noah Emmerich starred in Windtalkers, Tumbleweeds, and Trust. Have you seen any of these?
Sure, you can try "The Warrior" or "The Rules of Attraction"
Ok, have a good day!
Great. Have a good day!
Yes, I like Phil Lord. Phil Lord directed my favoriteThe Lego Movie
I'm not sure about that. I don't have information on that.
I don't think so, he was in White House Down as well.
You're welcome, enjoy!
It was written by Jon Krakauer Erin Hunter and stars Sean Penn.
Awesome! I can add it to your list.
You're right, she did star in No Strings Attached.
You're welcome!
Well, James Frain who is in it is in it, do you like him?
Then you might like World War Z, or Wolverine, both action movies.
Mike White and Emma Stone starred in Zombieland.
I don't know when he was released, I will check it out
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Dogtown.
Yes, I do. Have you read The Red Tent? It's one of my favorite books.
You're welcome!
That's listed as Speculative fiction, fiction and Children's literature - which are you interested in?
The King of Attolia is written by William Nicholson. It's a great read.
I would recommend Welcome to Temptation, Where Rainbows End, or Welcome to Temptation.
A Farewell to Arms is written by Ernest Hemingway. You like Hemingway?
You may like There Will Be Blood, or Z for Zachariah. Would you like to know more?
It is a romance film, similar to To Have and Have Not.
Groundhog Day was written by Billie Letts and stars Jim Carrey. Do you like movies with Bill Murray in them?
Year One stars Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
Yes he was in Ghostbusters
you are welcome
I love Linkin Park, My favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
Sure, it is starring Ryan Reynolds and Chris Hemsworth. Do you want sci-fi movies?
You may want to try The Dead Zone. It is also Sci-Fi.
Yes it is! It is also considered a sci-fi film.
I'm not sure if she was in that movie, but I do know she was also in Sweet Home Alabama.
Sure! Jean-pierce wrote The Book of Eli. It is an adventure film. Do you like adventure films?
Micmacs is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I do not know when he was released. He started his career.
Your welcome.
Might I suggest The Ocean at the End of the Lane when you have time?
It was written by Neil Gaiman and released in 2013. Are you familiar with Neil Gainman?
OK, enjoy the book!
Joel Coen wrote No Country for Old Men and he also wrote Inside Llewyn Davis
I don't have any information on other suspense movies, but if you'd like to hear more about Stephen King, he's in the suspense genre.
Natural Born Killers was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Do you like the movie because it is a sci-fi movie?
It is a comedy about a man who lives in a deserted ski lodge in the United States.
It's a drama and Thriller.
You are welcome.
Jojo Moyes wrote it. Jojo Moyes wrote it.
Sure. She also wrote The Ship of Brides and The One Plus One.
You are welcome.
He's known for Robin Hood, The Three Musketeers and The Comte de Monte-Cristo.
No, Alexandre Dumas was not the author of The Count of Monte Cristo. He also wrote The Count of Monte Cristo.
He also wrote The Third Musketeers and The One Musketeers. Both are very similar.
You're welcome.
Sure, I can let you know info on that. He wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. This book has genre Mystery.
Yes! It is an exciting movie starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to hear movie recommendations?
I have. Peter Capaldi also starred in Without a Trace.
Enjoy
Sure! She wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. Have you read either of those?
No, there is a sequel. Would you like to know the name of the book?
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy it!
If you are into Young-adult fiction, you might like The Fault in Our Stars.
I think you might like Shark Night. It stars Katharine McPhee.
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore to name a few.
I know he wrote Walking Disaster, have you read it?
It is a coming of age story about a young boy who runs a ranch and falls in love with his wife, a mother.
Yes, I do. Walking Disaster has genre Young-adult fiction.
You're welcome.
Sure, it was written by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta. Is that something you might like?
He's great! Then you'll like The Matrix Reloaded or The Matrix Reloaded? Both movies are Sci-Fi.
John Wick also stars Kyla Pratt and Dustin Milligan.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about her other than she composed Titanium. Are you a fan of her?
Actually she did, she also won the MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year.
Okay, you should. She is on the bucket list as well.
Sorry, I don't know about movies by Lana Wachowski. She starred in Speed Racer. Have you seen that movie?
Okay, if you're looking for romance then you'll like The Warrior's Way, The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
I'm not sure about that, but it was directed by Lana Wachowski.
Blood Promise is written by Richelle Mead. The genre is young adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
You may enjoy the Vampire Academy series - The Graphic Novel.
It was also written by Richelle Mead, the same author as the Twilight series.
Yes, Leigh Dragoon did write it
Mission Impossible is a war movie starring Tom Cruise. Do you like movies starring Tom Cruise?
It's a great movie. Do you like it because it's a family movie or because it's a fantasy?
Some similar movies are The Lego Movie and The Amazing Spider Man. You may also like that one.
Will Ferrell's most popular movie in that genre! He was also in V for Vendetta and Surviving Picasso.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I think Tom Skerritt starred in Ted, I know that.
Ted is a comedy/crime/action film. Do you like comedies?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
You may enjoy the work of Tomie daPaola or The Matrix. They were both written by Marue Hindle.
Yes, he also wrote The Modern Prometheus, and The Horse and His Boy.
You're correct. They were written in English.
I do! He wrote The Story of My Life. Would you like to hear more about that?
It was released in 1856, but I don't know when it was released. I haven't read any of his books.
Yes, she did. Did you know she also wrote Madame Bovary?
I know they were coached by John Fox and Jerry Richardson owns the team.
I know they are owned by Zygi Wilf. But the Cowboys are a great team though.
I love hockey and baseball. My favorite team is the Lakers.
Toy Story is starring Tom Hanks and Tim Allen. It is a Horror film. Do you like those type of movies?
Yes, there are several , but many are just a few
It's very good! It's a very good movie!
Done. Enjoy!
Blake Griffin is a basketball player. He plays point guard for the Miami Heat. Do you like basketball?
I don't know much about basketball either. I guess he is a good player though.
I like basketball and baseball. What about you?
Blade Runner is the latest movie in the series.
William Sanderson also starred in The Wolverine and Pulp Fiction. Have you seen those?
J.K. Rowling and Laurence Fishburne were also in it. It's very entertaining!
Bood Diamond starred Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
He also starred in What's Eating Gilbert Grape and The Omega Code. Have you seen either of these films?
He was in "The Wolf of Wall Street" and "The Thin Red Line".
Yes, James Nesbitt starred in Match Point.
It's a romance and drama.
The Way is a thriller.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Law Abiding Citizen is starring F. Gary Gary who directed The Italian Job which you might like.
Roger Bart also starred in The Smurfs, which is a great film. Have you heard of it?
Roger Bart also wrote The Mists of Avalon which you might like.
The Fifth element is written by Christopher Nolan.
Then you'll like Without a Trace.
You're welcome
Yes, she has an amazing voice. She is a great performer. Do you like her music?
I actually don't have any information on any of her songs. I do know that she has a good voice.
Yeah, she's a great actress. Did you know she starred in Men in Black 3?
Sure. He wrote The Ibrahimovi, which is a Fantasy book. Do you like Fantasy?
It was released in 1985. It is a non-fiction book.
Yes. It's Spanish. You should give it a try.
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Dogtown.
It is fiction.
She wrote The Red Tent
Your welcome
Sure! The Untouchables is starring Sean Connery who also starred in The Wind.
Capone is a Mystery movie and Mafia is starring Kevin Costner.
It is a good movie, have you seen The Godfather?
Sean Connery and Michelle Pfeiffer are in it. Do you like them?
You are welcome!
No, I haven't seen it but I know it was written by Preston and directed by Roland Emmerich
It is Thriller, do you like Thriller?
Sure, have you watch Snatchers its a great Drama movie
It stars Woody Harrelson, Margot Robbie and Liam Neeson
you are welcome
Sure! Margaret Stohl wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Creatures.
I believe it to be a drama, but I don't show what genre it is.
I'm not sure about that. I believe it's similar to Beautiful Darkness.
I'm glad she could help!
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time is a Fantasy/Comedy/Crime genre similar to Prince of Persia.
The Looking Glass Wars is a fantasy movie you might like.
Daniel Radcliffe stars in the movie.
You're welcome!
Sure, it was written by Sophie Kinsella and released in 2005.
Sophie Kinsella wrote Wedding Night and Twenties Girl
Wedding Night is a romance.
Shopaholic and Baby is my favorite!
She's written a number of novels including Graceling, Fire and Bitter Blue.
Yes, it is a romance novel
Do you like Voyager?
No problem!
She wrote A Tree Grows In Brooklyn that was released in 1943.
I believe it was released in 1943
Yes it is in English, and she translated the book in English.
I am a huge fan of the England Patriots. I think he is a great player though.
Okay, thanks for the info!
I like baseball, football, and football. What about you?
I like the Red Sox. My favorite team is the Red Sox. Do you have a favorite team?
David Fincher starred in Full Frontal among others, but also directed Being John Malkovich.
Yes, I have seen it, it stars Hugh Jackman and Ben Stiller. Are you a fan of his?
Yes, he's also directed Somewhere and Wolves of the Calla.
Yes i do one of them is Shackleton which is an action film.
Chris Rock, Kenneth Branagh also starred in Shackleton.
It came out in 1999.
William Goldman starred in The Princess and the Frog.
He writes in English and is also a screenwriter.
Would you like recommendations for other novels by Goldman?
No problem!
Sarah Dressen wrote I Want This Night to End, which is a Romance Novel. Do you like Romance Novels?
I highly recommend them. They are a great read and they are a great series.
No problem, I hope you enjoy it!
Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield are in it. It is a great movie.
You are correct. He also was in The Amazing Spider-Man 2. Have you seen that?
You are correct. Rashida Jones starred in that movie as well.
You are welcome!
I know he wrote the book, Things Fall Apart. Did you know that he's not only a writer, but a critic as well?
I like the book he wrote called Things Fall Apart. It was written by Stephen King. Do you like him?
I did not see that movie. It was written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
You are welcome. Have a great day.
Reservoir Dogs is similar to Pulp Fiction
Yes. Jamie Foxx starred in it.
Your welcome
Sure, Mitch Alborn wrote Tuesdays with Morrie. Have you read this book yet?
It is a Non-fiction
Yes, you may like The Hero with a Thousand Faces.
Lana Wachowski who wrote and directed The Matrix starred in The Matrix Revisited.
Ninja Assassin stars Keanu Reeves, Richard Portnow and Jada Pinkett Smith.
I'm not a big fan of Thrillers. I do enjoy that movie!
You are right! Do you like Echoes of Silence?
It was really good, and they had some heck of a heck of a heck of a heck of a heck.
I like it! It is a mystery/suspense book by John Grisham. Are you familiar with his work?
I can tell you some of his thriller works like The Pelican Brief and The Firm. Would you like more information about those?
The Cold Moon was released in 1943 and is a suspense novel.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
Yes. It is written in English and is in the English language.
You're welcome.
Definitely! Green Eggs and Ham was written by Dr. Sues. He also wrote The Cat in the Hat, How the Grinch Stole Christmas, and Horton Hears a Who!
Then you might also enjoy The Cat in the Hat, Horton Hears a Who! and The Cat in the Hat.
I do. There's a good one to check out called When the Wind Blows by James Patterson. Have you heard of this one?
You're welcome!
I love Adam Levine. Maroon 5 is one of my favorites.
I do as well. Do you know who else is on that show?
No, I don't watch the shows. I do like X Factor as well.
He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
Yes, it's Sci-Fi.
I hope you enjoy them!
The Tragedy of Othello, The Moor of Venice is written by William Shakespeare.
He also wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream, A Midsummer Night's Dream, Twelfth Night. Have you read any of these?
You might like Gnomeo & Juliet. Have you heard of it?
You're welcome!
Anthony Hopkins starred in Bobby, a historical period drama. Would you like to hear more about this genre?
Yes, Anthony Hopkins also starred in Bobbyey
I do not know when it was released.
Anthony Hopkins starred in Tropic Thunder which is a historical period drama.
Ok great. Enjoy the movie
I would recommend Wizard and Glass and The Graveyard Book. Have you heard of them?
Yes, he did. It's a great movie.
That's a great choice, some of his influences include Tom Hanks and Julie Kavner.
Yes, The Graveyard Book is considered children's literature.
You're welcome!
It is a romance and stars Scarlett Johansson and Matt Letscher.
Scarlett Johansson starred in The Prestige and it's a comedy-drama.
Ok, great!
Alright, some of the actors in that film are We Bought a Zoo and William H. Macy.
I'm sorry, I do not have that information.
You're welcome!
Yes! It stars Vivica A Fox and David Carradine and is an Action Film. You like Action movie?
Vivica A. Fox also starred in Why Do Fools Fall in Love and Last Night at Chateau Marmont.
Yes he is. He also starred in Pulp Fiction as well.
I know they are a team in the NFL.
I don't know much about him, I do know that he owns the Denver Broncos.
I do not think so, I do know that he was a musician.
Sure! Robert Duvall starred in The Apostle, The Apostle, and The Apostle. Have you seen any of these?
Yes, he also wrote the Apostle. Have you seen that movie?
Of course, some Indie Films you may like include The Last Samurai and The Apostle.
Christina Perri is a lovely singer and song writer. She sings a Thousands years of popular songs.
no I did not know she plays the guitar. do you like any other artist?
yea hes a good player as well. do you like basketball?
that is a great one do you like other sports?
I think he is a really good artist. I really like him in movies too!
Yea, that was a fun song. I also know he had a romantic relationship with Cameron Diaz
I hope so. I have never heard of it. Is it good?
Yes, The Fellowship of the Ring is based on the book.
I don't know, but Sean Bean starred in The Good Doctor.
Christopher Lee was in The Two Towers and The Fellowship of the Ring.
The Battle of Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. Other books in this genre include The Titan's Curse and The Son of Neptune.
I believe The Blood of Olympus. Would you like me to send it to you?
Then you'll love The Winds of Winter. It is written by Rick Riordan.
You're welcome!
He directed The Simpson's movie that starred Tom Hanks
He also directed and produced The Simpsons Movie. Do you like animations?
You might like The Children of Men then. It's also Animation.
Enjoy!
Sure, she wrote Shadow and Wicked. Are you a fan of musicals?
Yes, Wicked was also a play.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome.
Yes, she wrote The Crucible and Everything too. Have you read those?
Jonah Hill also starred in Braveheart. Do you like historical drama Films?
It was released in 2008
You're welcome
I love the classic The Thousand Autumns of Jacob de Zoet. Have you read it?
It's a novel in the English language. Did you know that Stephen King wrote The Bone Clocks?
It's a fantasy novel written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King?
Glad to help!
Sure. He directed Super with Rob Zombie and Slither with Jenna Fischer.
Jason Statham and Kevin Zegers are in Slither.
He also directed Jason Priestley. Its a great movie you should watch.
Okay, great.
Sure! He wrote The Merchant of Venice and Much a do About Nothing. I can tell you a lot about Paul Werstine if you would like?
Yes, it was released in 1606.
Yes. High Drama was written by Robert Jordan and released in 1606.
Elysium is a thriller starring Matt Damon and Josh Brolin. Do you like thrillers?
I have not seen it before. It is science fiction/adventure/action movie. Do you like those types of movies?
He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. One of them is Tomorrow.
If you like Gravity, you might also enjoy Gravity!
ok
I am not sure about his last album. Are you a fan of his?
Zack Ward and Miri Make a Porno were also released in it.
I like him as well. Have you heard of What Happens in Vegas? He's on that one.
I like them both. My favorite band is Garth Brooks.
Are you in to Chinese? Since most of his books are written in a weird language
It was released in 1866
Its genre is fiction
I know that he is a Mixed Martial Artist with a specialty in Brazilian Ju Jitsu and played in the UFC 94. You watch the game?
He also played in UFC 94 and was born inglar.
I don't know anything about her. What sport do you like?
Cao Chi is a ballet dancer. He wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
He also wrote The Universe in a Nutshell. Would you like to know more about that?
It has a great cast. Jason Statham and Liam Neeson are in it.
OK, enjoy the movie!
I like his song New Perspective! What about you?
Is this the book that was written by Frances Mayes?
Under Magnolia was released in 1999.
Under Magnolia was released in 1999.
Brad Garrett starred in Underdog ,The Pacifier,The Country Bears and The Clockwork Girl among other movies
The Pacifier is a Thriller, do you like Thrillers?
Underdog is a comedy-drama.
Enjoy!
Sure, do you enjoy crime or dramas?
It is a drama starring Matt Damon and Seu Jorge.
I know a few of his movies. Steven Mackintosh starred in The House of Sand.
He wrote Thirteen Reasons Why and The Future of Us. Do either of those interest you?
I have other young adult books like The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner.
You got it. When you reach me, Wildwood Dancing is a good one.
It was released in 1981.
Awesome! I hope you enjoy it.
City of Lost souls has a genre Fantasy and Adventure do you like these genres?
Yes, The Mortal Instruments was released in 2001.
The Mortal Instruments was also released in 2011.
You are welcome.
The Historian has the genre suspense which includes The Last Templar and The Collector. Would either one of these interest you?
I actually don't have any additional information for suspense. But I can tell you The Historian is written by William H. Macy.
I'm not sure. I haven't read Without Fail yet. It is written by Jonathan Kellerman.
You're welcome.
The Messenger is a good one or The Mark of Athena.
Did you know it was written by Tate Taylor-Johnson?
He sure did. He also starred in Welcome to Temptation if you haven't seen it.
It's a comedy- drama.
Enjoy!
Sure. Did you like the movie because it starred Robert Downey Jr. or because it was a thriller?
The Ghost and the Darkness is a fantasy and adventure movie.
Yes, he is in it as well.
You are welcome!
Yes! He directed Snow White and the Huntsman. Have you seen that?
Yes she did, she was also in Snow White and the Huntsman.
Brothers Grimm wrote The Hundred Secret . Have you heard of that one?
You're welcome!
I know that Rick Riordan wrote that book. His books are based on Greek mythology.
Yes, it's a great one. If you like that, you'll like The Sea of Monsters by Rick Riordan.
No problem. Enjoy!
I don't know much about Music but I do know that he is married to Angelina Jolie too.
She was great in The Muppets too! She also starred in Spring Breakers and Ramona and Her Father.
I liked him in What Happens in Vegas, but he also produced Superbad. Have you seen that?
I love her. Her music is very Influential but she is also a talented actress.
Will Smith is a great actor! I haven't seen it yet, have you seen it?
Yes, he was also in it. Michael Ealy was also in It, and he was also in it.
he wrote Terms of Endearment. Have you read that one?
I think you'll like Without Fail by Lee Child. Have you seen that one?
I think you'll like We Got Mail because it's a Comedy.
Yes! Evan Goldberg directed The Interview. It stars Jim Carrey. Have you seen it?
Great! You might also enjoy her as well.
Yes, it does fall into the genre for this movie.
You are welcome!
I sure do! He's great! He wrote the Karate Kid and Rocky to name a few. Have you already read those?
Yes, Sylvester Stallone also directed Rocky. Would you like to hear about other films in that genre?
The Last Dragon starred Kenneth Nkosi and Kristen Wiig.
Yes she is. She also starred in The Cosby Show.
No problem!
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix actually has a sequel called Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince. Another title in the same genre is The Queen of Attolia.
The Queen of the Attolia is Drama
No I do not have any information about similar movies.
There are 3 parts in this series, just to name a few
Sure. The director is JK Rowling
You are welcome
Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of El Dorado.
Have you read The Valley of Horses? It was written by Jean M Auel.
The Shelters of Stone is a Fantasy novel that was released in 1993.
You might also enjoy The Clan of the Cave Bear.
You're welcome.
Sure! He starred in a few movies. I like him in a lot of action genre movies. Do you like action?
It stars Joe Morton and Ed Harris who also starred in it.
He did! He also starred in The Gift and The Book Thief.
You are correct.
Sure he's an athlete in the Indian national cricket team. He plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders. Do you like him?
I'm more of a baseball fan. I don't really like it. What sports do you like?
I do! I really like tennis. Do you have any favorite players?
I agree. The 2006 Open Championship was a great sport with a lot of competition.
I sure do! He is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
I like Michael Jordan too! He's a great actor. I liked Space Jam.
I think Ivan Reitman starred in The 2nd movie. He's a great actor.
Probably so, however their coach John Fox seems very effective.
Sure, it was written by Rick Riordan. He also wrote The Sea of Monsters.
It is speculative fiction, science fiction, and fantasy.
You may enjoy The Lightning Thief
He has written a few great books, including The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Great Gatsby. Have you read any of those?
It was released in 1987.
He has written several books including The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Great Gatsby. Have you read any of those?
You are very welcome! Enjoy!
Michael Crichton is really good. He wrote the book Disclosure. Did you like the movie because it is a thriller?
Crichton is related to Crichton.
It's written by David Krechton and it's a drama.
You're welcome!
Well, if you like sci-fi, you might like The Incredible Burt Wonderstone as well.
Yes he is! He also wrote and starred in Ratatouille.
You're welcome!
Great choice, one of my favorites is David Copperfield. Have you read that one?
Yes, it is a biography. Do you like biography?
The Judge and The Slippery Slope are two examples
I don't know any other song by him. What else can I do for you?
Yes, it was
Yes, you should listen to it.
It is a Satirical Science Fiction novel written by Kurt Vonnegut. Do you like the genre or the author more?
Siddhartha was written by Hermann Hesse. Would you like books by Hesse?
The Thief of Always is written by Terry Pratchett, it's a young-adult fiction novel.
He's a prolific writer. He has also written Nineteen Eighty-Four and The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas.
You're welcome!
Yes, I like it! It's a great movie. I also like Orlando Bloom. Do you like him?
Then you might like The Chronicles of Narnia series.
I haven't heard of them, but I've heard a lot about him.
Sure! The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes is a short story detective fiction novel by Arthur Conan Doyle. Do you like detective fiction genre?
Great! Arthur Conan Doyle wrote a series of Sherlock Holmes. Would you like to know more of his books?
It's a detective fiction. Do you like detective fiction?
I am not sure of the story.
Do you like The Girl on the Train because it's a psychological thriller?
The Girl on the Train was written by Ernest Hemingway.
The Girl on the Train is a popular Western film filmed in Mexico.
Yes, Sam Smith is a great Singer. I love his music
I like her fathers music!
Yes, she's a great actress. I liked her in Princess Protection Program. Have you seen it?
Sure! He's a great director. Some of my favorite movies he's written are Three Kings, The Mask, and Sylvester Stallone. Have you seen any of those?
No, Nora Dunn starred in it. Do you like dramas?
Do you like movies with David O. Russell?
You're welcome
Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995.
Yes, it was also written by Christopher Bigsby
Yes, it is a drama.
I recommend All My Sons by J.K. Rowling
You're very welcome!
He has starred in The Girl Next Door, The Secret of My Success, and The Girl Next Door. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, she starred in it as well.
Sure. She has starred in many movies such as The Big Lebowski and Mad Max.
No, I don't have any information on the Wrestler. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure! He directed Legend of Tarzan and Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. Do you like dramas?
He certainly has! He is known for writing The Legend of Tarzan and The Order of the Phoenix, as well as several others. Would you like to know more about those?
You're welcome!
Sure, he wrote Here Comes the Boom, which is a very good read.
My apologies. Where Rainbows End is a similar book
You're welcome!
Sure, Stefan Kapicic Starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
Well, it's a great movie. Stefan Kapicic also starred in Wolverine. It is a sci-fi. Do you like sci-fi?
It is a good movie, it is about a flesh eating form-less space blob that fell into this category.
Sure. That's a film based on J.K. Rowling's work. Do you like the fantasy genre?
The Harry Potter series is on the same page here
Yes, she wrote We Were Liars, The Disreputable History of Frankie Landaue-Banks, and The Disreputable History of Frankie Landaue-Banks. Have you read any of those?
It is in English. Did you know that this author is also a film producer?
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Interstellar starred Matthew McConaughey, Mackenzie Foy and Anne Hathaway. Do you like these actors?
There's Underworld, which is one of them.
Another Sci-Fi movie you might like is X-Men: First Class.
Sean Connery and Brad Pitt are the main stars in this movie.
Okay, I'll add it to your list!
I like his song We Rode in Trucks is cool.
I don't know the genre, but I do know that he is a singer/songwriter.
It's a pop rock.
He directed Equilibrium a drama and Ultraviolet
You're right! Equilibrium is a drama. It also stars Christian Bale. Have you seen it?
She starred in so many good movies. Have you seen Speed Racer?
No problem, enjoy!
He is a singer-songwriter. Are you a fan of his?
I don't have that information but he is influenced by Djuna Barnes
Crime is fiction but it is fiction
Sure! The Selection is Young-Adult Fiction and is written by Kiera Cass. Do you like Kiera Cass' writting?
Other books by her are The Siren, The Prince, and The Selection are good reads by her.
Hope you enjoy it!
You're very welcome
Sure! The two that come to mind are "Waking Life" and "Dazed and Confused."
Yes, Nicky Katt also starred in Waking Life. He has genre Crime. Do you like crime movies?
Sure, Have fun!
He directed Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
John Green wrote it. It's a young adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
I can't find any books written by him, but he has a similar book called Paper Towns.
If you are looking for other books written by John Green, you may also like Looking for Alaska.
I am glad I could help. Enjoy the book!
Good Will Hunting was directed by Matt Damon. Do you like drama films?
He did. He also directed Pretty Little Liars. Have you seen that one?
That is correct. He stars in The Pelican Brief and The Young Lions. Have you seen them?
I've been so happy! It was a great movie. I've enjoyed it.
He's written When You Are Engulfed in Flames and Naked. Have you read those?
He is a director. He directed the movie When You Are Engulfed in Flames and SantaLand Diaries. It's a sequel to When You Are Engulfed in Flames. Do you want to know more about him?
I do not have that information but I can tell you that he is also a film producer. He has written several movies and movies. Would you like to hear some of them?
Sure, E. Lockhart wrote it. Do you like the author or genre?
Sure, Lockhart is a fiction novel that was released in 2014. I don't know of any other books by her.
It's about a fictional character who runs a ranch and the daughter's love life.
You're welcome!
Charles Frazier is an American professional footballer who plays as a striker for English club West Ham United and the Colombia national team.
Thirteen Moons has genre Speculative fiction, do you enjoy that genre?
It was written by Charles Frazier. It is a similar book.
You're welcome!
I have not heard about that person. Are they a singer?
I'm not sure. I know some other K-pop artists like Taylor Swift. Are you familiar with her?
Yes! He's a great actor. He's a great actor. He starred in Island of the Blue Dolphins which won a Newbery Medal.
He wrote Island of the Blue Dolphins which is a fiction novel.
Yes. Éric-Emmanuel Schmitt is a writer, poet, screenwriter and author.
I know very little about Ma Long, just that he's a table tennis athlete from China. Are you a fan?
I think he did. He is a table tennis player.
You are welcome. I don't watch any table tennis matches.
Shet Achterhuis: Dagboekbrieven 14 juni 1942 - 1 augustus 1944.
It appears to be in English.
I don't know anything by Eleanor Roosevelt, but he was influenced by Richard Matheson
You're welcome!
That was written by Nicholas Pileggi and Martin Scorsese. It stars Vincent Pastore, Vincent Gallo, Samuel L. Jackson and Robert De Niro to name a few.
Goodfellas is starring Michael De Niro. He also starred in Toy Story. Is that something you like?
Sure! Do you like movies with Robert De Niro? He starred in This is Spinal Tap.
Nicholas Cage starred in What Just Happened. He also starred in House Bunny.
Yes, it is written by Art Linson.
you are welcome!
Do you like this because it is a crime movie?
Rebecca Hall is starring in What Lies Beneath.
The movie was released in 1993
You're welcome.
I know a little bit about them. The Boston Celtics is a NBA which is in the Eastern conference. This team is coached by Doc Rivers and Brad Stevens.
Not much. But I know Grousbeck owns the Boston Celtics. Do you know who owns them?
I don't watch much basketball, I do enjoy the Lakers. I am a Lakers fan too.
I've never heard of him, what does he play for?
Sure, he starred in the Pianist.
Yes and Ed Stoppard starred in The Pianist. Do you like him?
Sure thing. Simon West directed Shooting the Past, have you seen it?
She wrote Tuck Everlasting. I bet you would like it.
Yes, it is considered children's literature so I think it would be perfect for older children.
Yes, it is. Would you like to know other romance novels?
You're welcome!
Yes, do you like comedy-drama films?
Roland Emmerich also produced Independence Day and The Day After Tomorrow. Have you seen either of these?
Yes, it stars Tom McCarthy. Would you like to know about any other movies he stars in?
You are welcome!
I know that Basher Savage starred in Gravity, do you like that movie?
Sorry, I don't have that information. Can I help you with anything else?
Sorry, I don't have that information. Can I help you with anything else?
Alfonso Cuarón was also in Gravity. Alfonso Cuarón was also in Gravity. Do you like him as an actor?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I don't really know much about football, I do know that they are owned by Jim Henson.
I didn't realize they were moved to California. They have a good coach, Jim Caldwell.
Yes, they did. Do you enjoy watching a lot of games?
It was written by Christopher Nolan, starring William Morgan Sheppard and Scarlett Johansson.
It starred Roger Corman and Hugh Jackman. Have you seen it?
Rebecca Hall starred in WALL-E and Slapstick
You are welcome
Catch 22 is written by Joseph Heller and is a war novel.
Yes, it is a war novel. Have you read it?
I'm sorry I don't have any information on similar books.
You are welcome
He wrote Tempted which is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 2008 and is in the romance genre.
You are welcome. Glad I could help.
I do! It's a good book. It was written by Charles Dickens. Have you read any of his novels?
It is. Did you know that it is also considered a drama?
I will have to check that out.
You're welcome.
John Lasseter directed The Damned United, which is an action film. Have you seen it yet?
It was released in 2004. I don't have that information, the same year that released Cars 2?
Sure! Peter Jacobson has a voiceover role in the film. She is a voiceover.
You're welcome!
Not a whole lot but I do know he's married to Hayden Panettiere from the show Nashville
Her husband Hayden Panettiere starred in Ocean's Eleven with Matt Damon and Julia Roberts.
Yes, Denzel is talented. He also produced and starred in Under the Tuscan Sun. Have you seen that?
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
I like the Washington Redskins! They are my team! How about you?
I am not a huge football fan but I have to say they win the Superbowl.
I don't have any information on that, but I do know it was written by Terry Pratchett who also wrote The Last Hero.
Yes you are correct. Terry Pratchett also wrote Wyrd Sisters
I would recommend Witches Abroad and Wizard's First Rule
He is on the Golden State Warriors. Are you a basketball fan?
I think he is 41 years old
No, he is pretty tall
No problem
Anthony Heald starred in The Silence of the Lambs.
The Silence of the Lambs is a thriller starring Anthony Heald. Do you like thrillers?
I would also recommend The Silence of the Lambs as well, it is very entertaining.
Enjoy your day
I haven't seen it, but I heard it's a great action movie. Have you seen it?
Yes, Shia Lebouf also starred in it, and he is a great actor.
Sure, I can recommend Speed Racer. Have you seen that one?
I don't know much about him, but I know he is from Oklahoma City.
I am not a fan of basketball either. I have never really watched the game
You are correct. Tom Brady and Larry Bird were also in the 90s. I think one of them is a good player.
I don't know about Hush but I can recommend you movies where Christoph Waltz starred.
yes, it is! Spells is part of the series
Yes it is a romance novel and it was written by William Shakespeare
Great, I hope you enjoy them
You too!
A few things. He's from London and plays Golf most prominently.
I know he's pretty good as well. One of my favorite golfers is the Scorpion King. Do you have any favorite players?
I have seen it and was it great too!
The Miami Dolphins, a solid team, came in runner-up in 3 Super Bowls: XIX and VI!
Haha. I'm a big fan of the New England Patriots. Aren't they owned by David Hyde Pierce?
I don't know too much about their team but I do know that Drew Brees are doing well this year.
Yes, I know he wrote Rayuela
Rayuela was released in 1963; the same year that Way Station was released.
You are welcome.
I think she's a singer like Lady Gaga and Katy Perry right?
She was also in the science fiction film The Giver.
I'm sorry I don't have that information. However if you like science fiction movies you may want to check out The Giver.
Are you interested in reading more by this author or young-adult fiction?
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars and Paper Towns.
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
No problem. Have a great night.
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works
I don't have that information, but I do know that he was in Breakfast at Tiffany's.
I have not seen it. I will have to check it out. Thanks for the information.
Sure! Nathan Greno wrote My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories, Tangled, and The House of Mirth.
That is a good movie! Mandy Moore was also in The House of Mirth. Have you seen it?
Absolutely! Have you seen Welcome to Temptation? It is a great family movie.
It is! Tim Allen was also in No Strings Attached. He is one of my favorite actor.
Yes! Have you seen Larry Crowne? It's one of my favorite movies.
You are welcome! Enjoy!
Yes it is a great movie! It is a science fiction novel written by Steven Spielberg. Are you familiar with his work?
The Goonies is a great movie by Steven Spellberg. He also directed Goonies, starring Robert Downey Jr. as well.
The Extra-Terriller was released in 1999 and Close Encounters of the Third Kind was released in 2006.
Great movie! It starred Russell Crowe, Paul Bettany, Michael Abbott, Jr., Adam Sandler and Judd Hirsch.
Sure, Russel Crowe also directed After You, which is a great movie.
He also starred in Zombieland which is also Science Fiction.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, the main star is Marlon Brando. Are you interested in his work?
Robert Pattinson directed The Scent of a Woman. He is also a director.
I believe so. He is a director too.
He has starred in many films, including Apocalypse Now, Thor, and The Scent of a Woman.
Yes, it's a good one. It's a drama and also a thriller.
Sure! Witless Protection is a great Crime film. Another good Crime film is The Mists of Avalon, which is written by Al Pacino.
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo stars Al Pacino and Bill Pacino.
You're welcome!
I think she's a singer but I don't really know anything about her. Is she any good?
Anne-Marie is a singer like Paul McCartney. You like music?
Some of her albums are Girl with a Pearl Earring and Lady Gaga
Yes, I am a big fan of their music. I like Linkin Park, how about you?
I personally like their music. I am more of a classic rock fan. Linkin Park is pretty much my favorite song of theirs. How about you?
I like dance pop, but prefer rock. How about you? Do you like that type of music?
Sure. He starred in movies like Wag the Dog, How to Train Your Dragon and How to Train Your Dragon. Have you seen them?
He was also in Never Say Never. Do you like his movies?
He was in quite a few roles, such as Will Smith and Mr. Smith.
You're right. Tyrone Giordano also starred in The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou. It's a very good movie.
She was also in The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer and Big Miracle.
Sure! I'll add it to your list. Enjoy!
Sure! Sylvia Plath wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath.
Of course, she also wrote The Collected Poems, and The Collected Poems.
The Collected Poems was Collected Poems.
I think he was the most popular song of his. Did you know he was in Men in Black 3?
Alright, maybe we will have to check it out. Thanks for the information.
It's the one who plays the whale. I have never heard of it before.
Sure! He directed Deadpool. Have you seen it?
Deadpool is a superhero movie. Do you like superhero movies?
I do not have that information unfortunately, can I help you with anything else?
Ben Stiller is great. Enjoy!
He wrote Il Principe in 1513.
Il Principe was also written by Niccolo Machiavelli, in English.
I'd recommend Il Principe, which was written by Niccolo Machiavelli.
Il Principe was also written by Niccolo Machiavelli.
Sure. He wrote The Virgin Suicides, which is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 1946.
I'm not sure. Can I help you with anything else?
She wrote The Color Purple and Possessing The Secret of Joy. Have you read any of those?
The Color Purple is a fiction book and The Color Purple is fiction
Yes, it is musical theater
Memento is a book written by Christoper Nolan.
I do not have that information but there are other psychological thrillers that I can recommend if you like.
You are welcome!
The soccer player? I heard he is good. He's a good player
Real Madrid is a soccer team. Do you follow soccer?
I like them too. They have a lot of good players like Manchester United F.C. and Ronaldo to name just a couple.
The Scarlet Letter has genre Speculative fiction. You should check it out.
He wrote The World According to Garp and The Cider House Rules.
The World According to Garp is a Fiction Novel.
It was published in 1978.
You're welcome!
He wrote Set It Off. Set It Off starred Jada Pinkett Smith.
She's a great actress. She also starred in Boys Don't Cry and Looking for Alaska. Have you seen those?
It was produced by Susan Saranden and released in 1985. It is a science fiction action film.
Of course! Enjoy!
Have you seen other movies in the same genre?
The Fight Club is a drama and starring Brad Pitt. The film is directed by David Fincher.
I don't know about comedy but I do know that Shark Night is also a comedy.
Brad Pitt is known for starring in the drama Boys Don't Cry. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
It's a romance novel written by Kurt Wimmer. Do you like romance novels?
Simon McBurney also starred in Days of Blood & Starlight. Have you seen either of these?
It is! It is considered a Romantic film.
I'm aware that he's an athlete that plays cricket for the Mumbai Indians.
I don't know a whole lot of sports but I have watched Superbowl performances.
That's a interesting fact about him. He's from India.
I agree! He's had great matches against the Los Angeles Lakers. If you like basketball, you should check out the coach Yojimbo as well.
Mike Brown is a good coach
Yes, Holes is written by Louis Sachar. It was released in 1895.
Wayside School is Falling Down is written by Louis Sachar. He also wrote small steps.
I thought it was good. It was released in 1865.
I know that he plays basketball for the Golden State Warriors. He plays both positions shooting guard and point guard.
I'm not sure, but I do know that he won the NBA All-Rookie Team of the Year award.
They are all basketball movies. Basketball is a good one as well.
You're welcome!
Ethan Suplee starred in Vulgar
Sure, Vulgar is a horror film written by Kevin Smith and starring Cameron Diaz and Kevin Smith. Kevin Smith also directed The Pillars of the Earth.
Sure. Vulgar is now a book and film released in 1995. It has a genre of thriller, crime, and action.
Kevin Smith is the author of The Manchurian Candidate, Kevin Smith and his brother, John Lennon. It has a genre of prose thriller and fantasy.
You're very welcome!
I know it's a German football club but I don't have much information on soccer. Do you like soccer?
I actually don't know much about soccer, I prefer American football, soccer to be honest.
I haven't read it, but I know it was written by Terry Goodkind. It's considered High Fantasy. It was released in 1994.
Some of Terry Goodkind books include The Pillars of the Earth, The First Rule, and The Pillars of Creation.
It is a romance novel.
Yes. Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell.
Its a fiction. Do you like fiction? Have you read World Without End.
I don't know of any fiction novels by him.
I am not sure about it, but he wrote Nineteen Eighty-Four.
Great, hope you enjoy the novel.
It is a fiction novel, do you like fiction?
I hope you enjoy them.
You are welcome.
I know he was born in Atlanta but plays quarterback for the Carolina Panthers. Are you a football fan?
Wes Welker on their team! I love his wife, Emma Stone. Do you like her work?
I like Stephen Gostkowski. He's on the Seattle Seahawks right? I'm sorry.
Yes I do! He is a celebrity boxer that fought Oscar De La Hoya.
Yeah, I was thinking it was a good fight. He had a good fight with him.
Yes, I have heard of him. Have you been there?
Well, The Time Machine was written by H.G. Wells who also wrote The War of the Worlds. Have you heard of it?
Cassandra Clare wrote it. It's considered a Sci-Fi novel.
The genre is science fiction
Twilight has many sequels. Which are you interested in?
For romances I think you'll like The Time Traveler's Wife written by Stephenie Meyer. Have you seen that one? It's a Romance.
Of course. The film stars Steve Buscemi and Ben Affleck. It's an adventure film.
If you want more of C.D. Payne, you might want to watch The Hunger Games.
Andrew Garfield starred in The Social Network. Have you heard of that movie?
Great. The Amazing Spider-Man is a historical film starring Andrew Garfield and Andrew Garfield. It is a historical film.
Yes she did. She also won the MTV Video Music Award.
Sure! It's written by Dale carnegie. Similar books are The magic of Thinking Big and The Happiness Project.
Then I'd recommend What to Expect When You Reach Me. It's a great book.
He also wrote How to Win Friends and Influence People.
You're welcome!
Do you like the New York Yankees?
Jack Reacher stars Tom Cruise, Robert Duvall and David Oyelowo. It's a great thriller.
Jack Reacher is a psychological thriller starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more about Jack Reacher?
Shark Night also stars Kyla Pratt and Dustin Milligan.
No, I haven't heard his music but I know that he is very talented, he is a songwriter too.
No, I don't know much about Ziggy Marley. What type of music do you like?
I don't have any information on his songs, but he has some great music. I know you should listen to some of his music.
Are you a fan of animated films? If so I would recommend The Incredibles.
Sure, I recommend Ratatouille. It's an animated movie.
You're welcome!
He also directed The Loss of Sexual Innocence and Big Miracle.
Have you seen Girl with the Dragon Tattoo? It's a Crime Thriller.
It stars Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Great. I hope you enjoy them both.
I do, it is written by Paula McLain and it is genre fiction, and it was released 2011.
No, but I have heard of Circling the Sun. Have you heard of this one?
Ciricling the Sun was released in 2015.
I'm not sure about that, but I can send it to you.
I really like when she and Seth Meyers (Late Night with Seth Meyers) went day drinking?
I haven't heard that one yet, is it good?
I am not sure if she has any celebrity. I do know that she has a lot of celebrity friends.
Yes, I do. I would have to check that out. I also like reality television.
Do you like City of Fallen Angels because it is a fantasy movie or because it is a fantasy?
City of Fallen Angels is written by Cassandra Clare. Does this sound interesting to you?
Sure! Cassandra Clare wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex, which is part of the Mortal Instruments series. Have you read them?
No problem! Enjoy.
I do! Terry George has directed Hotel Rwanda, starring Sophie Okonedo, and Joaquin Phoenix. He is quite a director.
It is an adventure film
Nicole Kidman starred in The Other Boleyn Girl.
It's considered a historical drama.
I'm sorry. I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that The Other Boleyn Girl is a classic.
I am not sure who stars in The Other Boleyn Girl. It is a historical film.
Absolutely, Franz Kafka wrote The Castle as well as Amerika
The Castle is a Fantasy that was released in 2003. It's a good book.
The Castle is a book of the same name. It's about a German boy who runs a ranch and the daughter of Klaus Kinski.
You're welcome.
Have you seen Ocean's Eleven? He directed that.
I don't have any additional information on that movie. Steven Spielberg directed It's a great movie.
Yes! Paula Hawkins wrote The Tombs of Atuan. She's also written The Great Gatsby.
Yes, it was turned into a film as well. Have you seen it?
No problem
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren. what else can i answer for you today?
The Siren is fantasy and The Queen is fantasy. Do you like fantasy books?
That's a great book! It was written by Elizabeth George Speare, who also wrote The Siren. It was released in 2011.
It was written by Percy Bysshe Shelley and Percy Bysshe Shelley and Percy Bysshe Shelley.
In addition to To Modern Prometheus, it is also written by Percy Bysshe Shelley.
He was also in The Percy Bysshe Shelley.
Love the Nightingale is another great one. Have you seen it?
Yes. Paper Towns was written by John Green, is a young adult fiction/ mystery and was released in 2008.
I have. Are you familiar with The Fault in Our Stars?
I think he is a basketball player but I don't know much about him.
Yes he was, do you know much about the sport?
Yes they also become a football player. Are you a fan of soccer?
Sure! The Scorch Trials was written by James Dashner. It's a young adult fiction film, do you like that genre?
Yes, you'll enjoy it.
Yes, I have heard of it. I hope it has been a good time for books.
Did you like X-men because it starred Hugh Jackman or because it was a sci-fi movie?
Robert Downey Jr. and James Franco starred in this film.
Volcano stars Keanu Reeves and Kevin Costner. It's a Sci-Fi.
I have not seen it, but I know it was written by both Craig Pearce and Baz Luhrmann.
Yes, she was in that movie as well. Do you like his movies?
I believe Ellen Foster starred in Missy Eliot and Bruce Willis
You're welcome
I know he plays soccer for the Portugal national football team, but I don't know much more about him.
Not really. I am more of a soccer fan. What about you?
I am a huge football fan. I prefer American Football. How about you?
I do! I love American football.
I love the redskins, who is your favorite team?
I hope they will win the Superbowl. What do you think?
Sure! Alan Rickman starred in The Wildest Dream with Alan Rickman.
Sure, Scarface is a thriller starring Al Pacino. Do you like films starring Al Pacino?
Yes, it's a good movie. I have no idea as well.
Yes. Rodney Dangerfield also starred in The Matrix Revisited.
You're welcome!
Jonathan Dayton wrote Little Miss Sunshine starring Paul Dano.
You should check it out. It's a good film.
The Incredible Burt Wonderstone was released in 2007.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He is a composer, lyricist and singer/songwriter. some of his songs are Ridin' Solo and It Girl
I like his music but I don't really know if I'm still listening to his music
I've heard of her, but I don't know much about her.
Sure, it was written by Liane Moriarty and released in 2009. Are you interested in her work?
It was released in 2014. You may also like The Last Anniversary. They are a good series.
The next in the series is Speaker for the Dead. Do you like science fiction?
Speaker of the Dead and Speaker of the Dead are speculative fiction.
Waylander was written by George R. R. Martin
you are welcome
Sure, Aladdin stars Bruce Willis. Have you seen it?
The Princess and the Frog is directed by John Green
your welcome
I sure do! She is a very talented singer. Did you know she was in Men in Black 3?
Definitely. Did you know Lady Gaga has a genre of drama?
She was also in The Muppets, also The Muppets and The Muppets too.
Coldplay is a band with Chris Martin as the lead vocal.
Yeah, Yellow is a great movie, have you seen it?
Yes, they did. It was also released in Amsterdam.
Sure! He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen that?
He has starred in The House of Mirth and In Search of America.
I don't think so, but she has starred in a few movies. She is a great actor.
You are welcome.
Kahil Gilbran wrote You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger. Do you like sci-fi?
this is a fiction. what else can i do for you today?
The Prophet was released 2008 what else can i do for you today?
you are welcome
I think he is a romantic actor, but I don't know much about him. Do you like romantic comedies?
Sure, a few of my favorite songs by him are No Strings Attached and Nope. Have you heard of them?
It is a pop rock genre. Do you like that genre?
Yes, I do! He is a great actor. I like him in The Boy Next Door. Have you heard of that movie?
The book is about Ayn Rand.
It was released in 2008
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Do you like it because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Rise of the Guardians is a fantasy movie
Rise of the Guardians is a Fantasy genre. Would you like to know more about it?
Happy to help.
Yes, the movie Red stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Hanks.
He has starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen them?
Yes, have you seen The Manchurian Candidate? It's a classic.
J.K. Rowling wrote the film, and he starred in it.
Great choice, the movie Shooter was written by Stephen Hunter and starring Tate Donovan.
James Franco and Rob Zombie are the main stars in Shooter.
Yes, Tate Donovan starred in The O.C..
You're welcome!
Do you like the movie because it is a drama or crime movie?
To Kill a Mockingbird is a really good one, you should check it out. It is produced by Francis Ford Coppola.
Training Day stars Katharine McPhee, David Schwimmer, and David Schwimmer.
Of course, Maleficent stars Sam Neill, Sam Elliott and Sharlto Copley.
Sure. She also starred in Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Have you seen that one?
Yes! She was in it and Mrs Smith was in it.
Yes. That was a great movie. You should definitely watch it.
Owen Wilson is so talented. He was in a lot of movies with Owen Wilson.
He's on the Germany national football team right?
I'm not sure about that, but I know he plays the Midfielder.
Toni Kroos plays the Midfielder position.
I know he plays soccer for the Real Madrid C.F. from Portugal. You like soccer
It is a soccer movie, do you like soccer?
Yes, she is. Do you watch any other sports?
Yes, The Two Towers and Stone of Destiny
Yes, John Travolta starred in Edge of Tomorrow.
Sure, some other examples are The Last Samurai and The Subtle Knife.
Yes, and Emma Stone too. I think you will like it.
Awesome. I will add it to your list.
That movie stars Zooey Deschanel
I like romantic comedies. I also like Joseph Gordon-Levitt.
I like murder mystery, I think one of those movies is The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner.
I haven't seen Pacifier yet but I will have to check it out.
Sure, she wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Creatures.
Some of her most popular romance novels are What a Thousand Days and Beautiful Creatures. Have you read those?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Beautiful Creatures has a genre of Romance novel.
I am not a fan of the Yankees. They are in the American League which is the same as the Baltimore Orioles which is my favorite team!
He is from there. Are you a Yankee fan?
The Psychological thriller released in 1994 was directed by Spike Jonze.
I can't remember who produced it, but I know that Tom Sawyer produced it.
He also produced That Thing You Do!
I haven't seen that movie, but i do know that Tom Everett directed it.
The film is based on a comedy, crime and comedy. It has a lot of actors, including Jon Tenney and Rob Campbell.
Do you want to know other movies he produced?
Good Will Hunting starred Matt Damon, Vincent Regan and Matt Damon. Do you like drama films?
Yep, he also starred in that movie as well.
No I have not heard of those movies.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I like them because they are owned by M Denise Debartolo York and they were the runner-up in super bowl XLVII
Yes, he was a great player. I like the New York Giants though. I like the New York Giants though.
Yeah, the Steelers had a chance. I don't know much about them, but I do like their QB Tom Brady though.
Do you like Thorn Birds because it is written by Colleen McCullough?
The Women of Brewster Place was written by Jodi Picoult, it is a fiction novel.
Rachel McAdams is in it.
She also starred in A Beautiful Mind.
You should.
Sure! Dark Lover is speculative fiction novel written by J.R. Ward. It has a vampire them. Do you like that genre?
You're correct. Tyrensaur Canyon was released in 2005. Would you like to know more about Tyrensaur Canyon?
The Mist was written by J.K. Rowling, and The Maze Runner was written by J.K. Rowling. She also wrote The Mist.
Great! Have you read the Mist or the latest book in the series?
You're welcome!
She starred in Twilight of the Ice Nymphs
Sure. The Shinning is directed by Steven Spielberg and stars Hugh Jackman.
Sure, I would have to search it for you.
Enjoy.
He directed The Invasion and Downfall.
Nicole Kidman and Daniel Craig
She has been in several movies. Would you like to know some of those?
You're welcome!
I know he's in the NBA. He's a point guard for the Miami Dolphins. Do you like basketball?
She has starred in Shrek the Third and Monsters vs. Aliens.
I think she has a talented voice. Did you know she was in Men in Black 3?
I have seen it! I haven't seen it yet but I will definitely check it out. I love him.
The Muppets also has Will Smith. I'm sure you'd love it, I think you'll enjoy it!
Martin Gardner wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you read that?
Essential Readings for the Non-believer was written by Christopher Hitchens. It's a non-fiction book. Do you like fiction?
I don't have any information on any other writers, but I can tell you that Thomas Hobbes is also a writer.
You are welcome!
Sure, do you like movies with Billy Boyd in it?
I recommend The Good Doctor or The Armenian Genocide
He starred in The Good Doctor and Zulu.
You're welcome!
I like Sylvia Plath, she wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath. Have you heard of this book?
I like golf, good summer outdoor game. He won a rookie of the year in 2010 great player
I have not seen them but I know Adam Sandler was in that movie. Do you like him?
He was good in Hot Tub Time Machine too. Have you seen it?
He directed the popular movie The Butterfly Effect.
I'm not sure about the genre. I do know that The Butterfly Effect is a psychological thriller and The Butterfly Effect is a fantasy.
You are welcome.
Sure. Now You See Me is starring Tom Hanks and Tim Allen. Do you like Tim Allen movies?
It is a drama starring Jodi Foster and Denzel Washington.
I haven't seen it yet. I will check it out.
Sure. Juno has genre Young-adult fiction. Have you seen this movie?
You might enjoy Wicked Lovely or When You Reach Me.
No, it is a comedy-drama.
Jennifer Lawrence is in Silver Linings Playbook, you might like it
Bradley Cooper was in The Pillars of the Earth, which is a thriller movie
I'm not sure about that but I can tell you he produced Young Adult Films.
The Light Between Oceans is one book.
Yes, it was made into a movie. Did you know the movie is based on the book or movie?
Sure can you try Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee
Without Remorse is a good movie. I think you will enjoy it.
No problem. I'm sorry I don't have any information on any books similar to Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility.
George Paulsen did.
I don't have any information on anything else he wrote, but he was influenced by Charles Dickens.
I did not watch Shooter. I know it was written by Stephen Hunter and starring Tate Donovan.
Well, he also starred in The Incredibles. Have you seen that one?
He was in The Wildest Dream, but I haven't seen that one yet. Have you seen it?
While You Were Sleeping has genre Comedy. Have you seen this movie?
Rocky is a film written by Sylvester Stallone. what else can i do for you today?
You might like The Mechanic. It also stars Sylvester Stallone.
It's a martial arts film, similar to Rocky.
You're welcome!
I'd say something like Pretty Little Liars. Tell me a little about what you like about that movie?
Then you'll like Under the Tuscan Sun. It's a good one.
Yes, it was released in 2014.
You're welcome.
I didn't know he was good. I know he won NBA Rookie of the Year Award.
NBA All-Rookie Team is my favorite. Are you a fan of him?
Yes, they both have great players like Lebron James.
Oh wow, I never heard of him but i have seen a few games. Have you ever watched one of them?
Sure! The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time by Mark Haddon has genre Mystery. Do you like mystery novels?
He wrote The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time, which is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
The Godfather, starring Al Pacino, was a drama. Do you want similar movies also produced by Christopher Nolan?
Yes, it is very similar.
Apocalypse Now is a great movie. Apocalypse Now is a classic.
The very popular one is The Apocalypse Now. Apocalypse Now.
I do! I really liked her in The Matrix. Have you seen that movie?
Sure, have you watch Gravity or No Strings Attached?
Great. Happy to help!
It is a Drama, and Thriller.
You're welcome.
Sure, Meg Cabot wrote Without Fail, have you read that?
Underworld: Evolution is the genre of young adult fiction.
Sure. She also wrote Underworld: Evolution and Little Altars Everywhere
You're welcome!
If you like Insomnia, you might like Animal Kingdom. It's a Crime Fiction Film.
Brad Pitt and Ethan Hawke starred in the movie War. Would you like to know more about it?
I'm sorry I don't have that information. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Craig Ferguson starred in movies like Winnie the Pooh and Vampire Bats. Have you seen either?
Yes! Craig Ferguson starred in Brave, How to Train Your Dragon and How to Train Your Dragon.
Saving Grace was released in 1974.
I know a little about her. She is a tennis player. Do you like her?
I know a lot about tennis but don't follow much either. I like watching Venus williams games.
Oh wow. I didn't know much about Victoria but Serena Williams is good as well.
I like them because they are owned by M Denise Debartolo York and they were the runner-up in super bowl XLVII
Yeah, that is a great question. My favorite team is the Washington Redskins. Do you like that?
I believe it is a book. The title is "Traffic."
127 hours is a Thriller directed by Danny Boyle who also directed Sunshine.
James Franco also starred in The Truman Show. Have you seen that one?
If you like James Franco, you might also enjoy X-Men 2 or The Avengers. He was also in that one as well.
Sure! It was written by Robert Zemeckis and stars Marisa Tomei, Marisa Tomei and Marisa Tomei. It is considered a sport film.
It's a drama
You are welcome!
I don't really know anything about him, other than he is from Delhi and plays cricket. Do you follow that sport?
I'm not a huge soccer fan, but the sport is fun to watch. Do you like it?
There are many great cricket players, such as Louis van Gaal and Tom Brady
It's written by C.S. Lewis and is part of a series. Have you read the series?
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is another written by C.S. Lewis. Have you read that?
It's considered fantasy.
Glad to be of help
Sure! J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Where Rainbows End.
Yes, Peter Pan is a Crime Fiction piece written by J.M. Barrie. J.M. Barrie also wrote The Truman Show
Yes, the story of Doctor Dolittle was released in 1904 and is considered a children's literature.
Sure, The Sea Wolf is a fiction novel with the genre of children's literature.
Sure! The Sea Wolf is a young-adult fiction novel by Ernest Hemingway.
Sure! The author of The Sea Wolf is J.M. Barrie.
I am not familiar with him but he wrote Paccka3bl N TLobectN.and Eecbl.
Eecbl is written by Richard Pevear.
It's in the genre of historical fiction. Do you like those genres?
The Cabin in the Woods starring Kristen Connolly.
I do not have that information but I can tell you that it was written by Christopher Bigsby.
Yes it is. Do you like Ty Olsson?
Ok. I'll add it to your list. Enjoy!
I do! It's an excellent movie. It's a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
I don't know of any films on the sci-fi genre but I can tell you that it's a martial arts film.
Sure. He also directed The Goonies
Armageddon has genre Sci-Fi
A Scanner Darkly was released in 2006 and was in English.
I recommend The Blind Side. It's a great action movie written by Philip Baker.
I recommend a few Biographies. A couple of my favorites are V for Vendetta and World Without End.
It's about the story of an Irish nurse who meets his inner child in a town in Mississippi the south.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
She is a very talented tennis player, do you like her?
No I don't follow tennis at all but i know some of the facts.
Venus has had three losses to her as well.
Yes, it is a great movie, it is starring Ryan Reynolds and Chris Hemsworth. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Woman in Gold is a great movie. The Proposal is a drama starring Ryan Reynolds. If you like his movies, you should see The Proposal.
Scarlett Johansson also stars in The Spirit, which is a great movie you should watch.
Do you like Hugh Jackman? He's in this movie.
It is directed by Rick Riordan. Are you interested in other films by him?
Chris Hemsworth and Emma Stone are in it.
It came out in 2004.
I have not seen Superman Returns. Are you a fan of them?
It's a Drama/Thriller if you like that genre.
yea he did. that is a great movie. You should check it out.
I think he's a good actor. You should check him out.
I hope you enjoy it.
Your welcome.
Deception Point is a thriller written by Dan Brown. Do you like this author or you like thrillers?
you have a good one called Reamde. what else can i answer for you?
what else can i do for you today?
Bad Dog is similar to Marley & Me: Dogs.
Yes, it is also a film. Enjoy!
The movie is based on the book, and the movie stars Anna Kendrick and J.K. Simmons.
ok. Have a great day.
Yes, you're right. He wrote that thriller as well.
You're welcome!
Great, have a good day!
I haven't read that one, but I know it was written by Charles Dickens.
Besides being a writer, she's also written The Scottish Prisoner and The Fiery Cross. Are you familiar with these?
She also wrote My Own Heart's Blood.
i dont have that information. but i can tell you The Hand of Darkness is the second in the series.
He is fine I guess. Marcelo Vieira, known as Marcelo, is a soccer player for Real Madrid and Fluminense FC.
I don't know much about soccer, does he play for Real Madrid?
They were, and Hayden Panettiere was in The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy.
Roland Emmerich directed The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Have you seen those?
It's a Action, adventure film. Do you like those types of movies?
I don't have any information on him, but I can tell you he also starred in You, Me and Dupree.
Peter Bowen directed that movie. He also directed Equilibrium.
I love Madonna! But not just her music, I love her movies too. Have you seen Desperately Seeking Susan or Dick Tracy?
John Savage is a great singer. Madonna is a big fan of hers. What about you?
Michael Jackson is a favorite of mine. What is your favorite song by him?
They're doing okay in the 2010 Jets. Didn't they win the Superbowl?
I don't know much about football. Are they having a good season this year?
I know that their former quarterback Mark Sanchez plays for the Jets, though.
He wrote Snatch. I like him.
Sure. Guy Ritchie also directed Sherlock Holmes and the Case of the Silk Stocking.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Sure. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, they are a south korean boy band. Are you a fan?
I haven't heard of them, but I haven't heard of them. I haven't heard of them. Have they?
Sorry, I don't have that information. But I do know the YA genre are in Seoul?
Stefan Kapicic has acted in Deadpool a comedy and also starred Ryan Reynolds. Do you like his work?
Yes, he did. He also starred in X-Men 2.
He's friends with Snoop Dogg. They are both rappers. Have you heard of him?
I'm not sure about Snoop Dogg. I know that he is a musician and actor. I liked his movie The Wash and Funny People.
Yes, it is. It's a psychological thriller.
You're welcome!
Sure! Shelley Duvall starred in Twilight. Do you like comedies?
Time Bandits was released in 2002 and is a drama/fantasy film. Do you like those types of movies?
It is a 1966 - a drama/fantasy film that was released in 1999. Stephenie Meyer was also in it.
She was also in Under the Tuscan Sun. Did you see that one?
Donna Tartt wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read them?
It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
She wrote The Little Friend and The Goldfinch.
It's a drama. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Michael Bay is known for action movies and lots of cinematic explosions. You might enjoy Transformers.
I don't have any information on that, but I can tell you that Tom Everett starred in it. I'm sorry.
Yes, you're right. Dwayne Johnson starred in it.
Sorry I don't have that information.
He is a cricket player for the Mumbai Indians, do you like cricket?
I don't know too much about cricket, I don't really follow it. I know Sachin Tendulkar plays for him.
Yes. I think he is the one of the best players in the world.
Well I hope the Eagles win again that's another team that I like. What do you think?
She starred in Wild Ones and The Wild Life. Have you seen those?
Absolutely! She was also in Adventures in Babysitting. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure who is in that movie but Lea Thompson is best known for his role in Adventures in Children's Literature.
I haven't seen that, but I've heard it's great.
Audrey Niffenegger wrote The Time Traveler's Wife. It is a satire. Have you read it?
It is a mystery genre
George Lucas was written by Stanlee. He is a great writer.
Sure! Jorja Fox starred in Memento, a popular western movie. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is written by Robert Rodriguez and also stars Thomas Lennon and Jorja Fox.
He wrote the Dark Knight, which is a very popular Sci-fi movie.
Batman Begins was added.
I do not really my most hated team. But I do know they just fired their head coach Mike McCarthy tonight because he did not get a long with Aaron rodgers the QB and he did not make the playoffs do you like them?
I like the New England Patriots, though. My favorite team is the New England Patriots.
They were the runner ups for Super Bowl XXXVIII.
I don't have that information either. I know they won the division NFC North championship last week.
He has written some great books, would you like to know about some of them?
I haven't read any of his work, but I do know Victor Hugo wrote The Invisible Man.
I'm sorry I don't have any similar books in the genre. Are you interested in any of the other genres?
I am also a HUGE Deadpool fan. Check out Star Trek: First Contact and X-Men. Have you seen those?
Timothy Dalton is one of the starring actors in that film.
Deadpool was released in 2008 and is a superhero film.
Sure, no problem!
Absolutely! I hope you enjoy it!
I know he plays for a Belgium national football team, but I don't really know much about him.
Football is my favorite. What about you?
You're right.
Yes she is. I love her. She is a big actress. I liked her in Princess Protection Program
Yes, I have seen him in that movie. He is a great actor.
I haven't seen it, but I will check it out. It's good. Enjoy!
It's a great film. Step Brothers is a comedy film directed by John Lasseter. If you haven't seen it, I recommend it.
John C.Reilly also wrote Shutter Island and Gone Girl, which are both hilarious.
It was released in 2005, and it is a hilarious comedy.
Sure! The Tragedy of Macbeth was written by William Shakespeare and released in 1606. Have you read it?
The Tragedy of Macbeth was written by William Shakespeare.
It's genre is considered literature.
Yes, he is.
Sure, Tom Hooper directed The Damned United, and Les Miserables. Do you like the movies he does ?
The Kings Speech was rated PG and rated PG. Another good movie he is rated is The Damned United.
The Zero Effect was released in 2014.
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
I didn't know that. He had a good coach for the Broncos. He's a good coach though.
I've heard they were runner ups for Super Bowl XXIV.
Yes, it stars Nicolas Cage and John Travolta.
Yeah, she's pretty cool as long as she stays away from Chris Brown. What's your favorite song of hers?
Battleship with Taylor Kitsch stars in it and she also did a great job in it.
You should, especially the movie. It has Liam Neeson in it. It is a great actor.
I don't know much about him. He is a musician right?
I prefer rock. Do you like rock?
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
No, I haven't but it seems to be a Johnny Depp film and probably it should be a good one. Do you like Johnny Depp movies?
Yes he was, he also starred in The Rum Diary.
I have not seen it. I will have to see it.
I haven't seen Ride Along yet. I hope you enjoy it!
Are you looking for other books by J.K. Rowling?
He also wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. Have you read those?
Sure! Do you like the author J.R.R Tolkien? He wrote and directed this movie.
The Infinite Sea is a science fiction movie I recommend
She was, along with X-Men Origins.
I don't know, but I do know that Ryan Reynolds starred in X-Men Origins.
Some adventure movies are; Wolverine and Vanishing Acts
He has starred in The Hunger Games and Mockingjay
I would recommend Wizard and Glass and The Sandman:Endless Nights.
Yes, it was. It's also been co-written by Stephen King.
Yes, that is true. Have you heard of Creepshow?
You're welcome!
Yes. And that was written by Winston Groom
I'm not much of a football fan, but I do know they're in the NFC South division
My favorite player is Adrian Peterson
he play a forward
They are having a good season
I think she is one of the best singers of her generation.
I have never seen her play, what is it about?
Yes, they are good friends. I'm a big fan of Liam Neeson, but I haven't seen the movies. They are good friends.
No, I haven't heard of him. Are you a fan of his?
Yes, he was also in Desperado. Do you like his music?
no i can't find anything on her. what else can i do for you?
I would. Charlotte Bront wrote The Professor, Shirley, Villette and The Professor. Have you read those?
It is a fiction novel that was released in 1963. If you like Jane Eyre, you should read it.
If you liked the writing of Charlotte Bront, you should definitely read it!
Robin Buss wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo released in 1844.
He wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo and Le Comte de Monte-Cristo.
Ernest Hemingway was also released that year.
It was written by Emily St. John Mandel and was released in 2014. Do you like the author or genre?
She also wrote The Bonesetter's Daughter. Have you read that?
It's a drama, similar to The Singer's Gun.
You're welcome.
Yes, I know the 5th Wave was written by Rick Yancey.
Yes, I do like those books. Are you interested in any of them?
Yes, it is similar to The Last Star and The Invisible Man.
Sure, Company Man was written by Robert Jackson in the genre of Thriller. This book is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure! It was written by James Patterson.
It was released 1867
The Notebook was written by Nicholas Sparks, who also wrote Two By Two. Have you read them?
If you want a historical period drama, The Notebook has a genre of Romance. Would you like to see The Notebook?
Jane Austen and Larenz Tate are the main stars in it.
I hope you enjoy them.
I do! It is an historical fiction novel written by Jamie Ford.
You're right. Songs of Willow Frost was released in 2013.
It looks like it is somewhere in United States of America.
That is correct. Hope it's a good read.
I do! If you like Batman Begins, you must like Adventure films?
Well, I'm having trouble getting that information. Have you seen The Civil War? It's a historical drama with Liam Neeson.
I'm sorry I don't have any information on other movies he's in, but some of the movies he's starred in are The Civil War, The Civil War, and The Civil War.
It is written by John Grisham and is a thriller. Do you like this genre?
You might also like The Fault in Our Stars. It is written by John Grisham. Have you read it?
I'll add them to your reading list.
Margaret R. Higonnet wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles , which is a great piece of literature. Are you looking for titles by this author?.
He did write the book 'The Picture of Dorian Gray'.
He also wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Puffy Chair. Have you read any of these?
Robert Wrote the Silkworm it had me on my toes great book
She also wrote The Silkworm and the Cuckoo's Calling
You are welcome!
Are you looking for other fantasy genre books by J.K. Rowling?
Sci-fi Genre
There is The Looking Glass Wars written by Frank Beddor
The genre is fantasy
Your welcome
Sure, The Catcher in the Rye was written by J.D. Salinger. He also wrote Franny and Zooey and Nine Stories.
Yes, it was. Simmons also wrote Franny and Zooey.
Sure, Dan Simmons wrote Franny and Zooey but I can't find any other books by him.
Michael Bay is known for action movies and lots of cinematic explosions. You might enjoy Transformers.
I'm not sure, but it's Sci-Fi. Have you seen it?
Ok, you're right. I'm sorry I don't have that information.
Sure! I hope you enjoy them!
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I think he is! Did you know he was born in Oakland?
Since he is a basketball player, I'm not a big fan of the sport. I prefer the Washington Redskins. What about you?
He is a point guard. He is a point guard.
Sure, Do you like books by J.D. Salinger? He also wrote Franny and Zooey
I don't have any information on that novel, but you might like The House of the Seven Gables by Thomas Hardy.
I don't really know much about them except they're a K-pop boy band. Do you like them?
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I do like her music. I am not a big fan of her music. Is she any good?
It is a great book, released in 2001.
It was released in 2002, the same year as The Lacuna.
I would recommend World Without End if you liked it.
I recommend It's a good one as well.
Great! I hope you enjoy them!
Looper stars Bruce Willis. Do you like his work?
You are correct. what else can i do for you today?
have a good day
Sure! Are you a fan of A Beautiful Mind because it's an adventure movie or because you like fantasy?
Sure. He also directed The Missing. Have you seen that one?
You are welcome.
That book is written by Tony Goldwyn and Erik Larson
Tony Goldwyn also starred in Someone Like You and The Truman Show.
It is a comedy and drama
You're Welcome
It was written by J.D. Salinger. It's a great book.
Franny and Zooey was written by J.D. Salinger
Absolutely!
I don't know much about football but I do know he is a forward
It was released in 1960. Do you like young adult fiction?
It starred Jake Gyllenhaal and Nicholas Turturro
I think you'll like The Ground Beneath Her Feet. It's a great read.
Sure! Fiona Stafford wrote Emma. Emma is a romance novel. Are you looking for a particular genre?
Philippa Gregory wrote Wideacre. Do you like historical fiction?
It is a Historical novel that was published in 1987.
Yes, they are both historical fiction.
your welcome!
Sure, Arsenal is a pro soccer team in England. They play in the Premier League.
They are a good team. Mike McCarthy coaches them.
I'm a big fan of the New England Patriots. They aren't doing too well this season but they are currently playing the Seattle Seahawks.
Yes, it is a great actress. Have you seen her movies?
I Know This Much Is True is! It is considered a fiction novel.
Yes, the Beginner's Goodbye was written by Anne Tyler.
I'm welcome
The Miami Dolphins, a solid team, came in runner-up in 3 Super Bowls: XIX and VI!
I like the Dallas Cowboys, and the Redskins. But, I am a Packers fan. How about you?
My favorite team is the Washington Redskins, that makes us rivals. How about you?
Sure, Do you like the actors in Inside Out because it's a crime fiction?
The main star in the Jurassic Park III is Leo Tolstoy and Clifton Collins Jr
I don't have that information but I can tell you it is in that genre of movies if you want to know.
You're welcome
I do! She has some great songs. Did you know she is friends with Miley Cyrus and Jessie J?
Yes, I like her as well. She is a very talented singer.
I think Selena Gomez was also in it.
She was also in Little Miss Sunshine.
Downfalls in the genre of War. Do you like War films?
I don't know any information on that one. I can tell you about the musician Tom Everett if you like him.
You're welcome.
The Catcher in the Rye is a novel by J.D. Sallinger released in 1951.
Sure, you might like The Voyage of the Dawn Treader, or The Sea of Monsters.
If you like Wolf Brother, you'll enjoy it!
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
Big Hero 6 is a Sci- Fi action thriller written by Ronan Bennett.
Yes! Have you seen it?
Yes! She is a great actress. She also starred in the TV series A Bug's Life.
You are correct! Mindy Kaling was also a voice actor and comedian.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I think they are a good team. Didn't they lose Super Bowl XLVII?
I like them too! Who is your favorite player on the Giants?
Tony Romo is awesome. He played for the Redskins and the Giants won the Super Bowl XLVII though.
I am afraid I do not have info about the person you mentioned. How about some info on Tom Clancy
Owen Wilson has starred in many films including The Royal Tenenbaums and The Royal Tenenbaums.
I agree, it is definitely a minority.
Justin Rose is a professional Golfer from London.
I don't have any information on that.
I don't know much about golf, but he's from England.
I know she wrote To The Lighthouse and The Waves.
Yes, she wrote The Waves, which is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
It released in 1927. Would you like to know more information about the book?
Sure! I hope you enjoy!
He is a basketball player, who played point guard for the Detroit Pistons
He is on the New Orleans Saints, do you like basketball?
Yes, I am a fan of the Buffalo Bills.
Shelly Duvall starred in Time Bandits and The Apostle. Have you seen those?
Time Bandits is a comedy and drama film. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome.
Michael Mann wrote Public Enemies starring Marion Cotillard.
You're right, he also directed The Manchurian Candidate, which is a thriller.
It is considered a Tom Cruise action film.
Would you like to know more information about Frances Mayes Mayes?
She also wrote Under the Tuscan Sun, which was made into a movie.
Can I help with anything else?
I don't know much about her other than she's a singer. I do not have any idea about her acting.
Do you have a favorite song?
Oh, ok I did not know that. She is very talented. One of my favorite actors. Do you know Taylor Swift was in Valentine's day?
I don't know much about them. Who is their coach?
I don't know about Roethlisberger. I know he is a musician, musician and film producer.
Sure, I really like Night Star. Have you read Evermore?
She's written several fantasy books in addition to The Looking Glass Wars, and The Golden Compass.
You're right, she writes vampire fiction and fantasy. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome
I think he is one of the soccer players. He plays midfielder. Do you follow soccer?
No I prefer American football. Do you have any favorite players?
Yes I do like Radamel Falcao, did you know he is from Santa Marta?
Sure! Dead Poets Society stars Robin Williams. It is a drama movie. Do you like drama movies?
It's genre is fiction.
I don't have any information on that, but I can tell you that he wrote the book.
Nice. Have you read Dead Poets Society? It's a Drama novel.
You're welcome.
I know that he is the sibling of quite a few people. Would you like to know some of his books?
Yes, I see. I'm sorry I don't have that information.
I don't see it, but I can tell you The Silkworm stars Emma Stone and Daniel Radcliffe.
Yes Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
I don't have that information, but Milan Kundera was influenced by William Shakespeare.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum wrote The Bourne Identity. what else can i do for you?
The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum starred in The Bourne Identity. what else can i answer for you?
Matt Damon starred in The Bourne Legacy. I'm sure you have seen it.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit one of my favorite books. If you haven't read it I'd highly recommend it.
She also wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, resilience and Redemption.
Sure. Over the Hedge, Chicken Little and Iron Man are written by this author.
James Mangold directed Walk The Line, a biography. He also directed Girl Interrupted, and Kate & Leopold.
Yes, Reese Witherspoon starred in it and Johnny Cash. Would you like to see it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Joaquin Phoenix won the MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year.
The only romance I have at this time is The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. That's a great one to watch.
You're welcome! Enjoy.
Yes, The Great Gatsby is a novel and The Chosen and The Affair are similar to it.
To Kill a Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee. Would you like to read it?
It's a very good book, I think you will enjoy it.
Sure! Jason Cope starred in District 9 and Dredd. Want to know more?
It's a drama
He does star in the movie Spud
Timothy Omundson also stars in this movie
Yes, he directed Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. Great movie!
The Return of a Man Called Horse is about a man Called Horse where the main character hikes 1,000 miles of the 2,650 mile pacifice trail on a journey of self discovery and healing.
You're welcome.
He starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys.
Yes he stars in The Other Guys as well as Unaccompanied Minors
The Other Guys was released in 1994
You are welcome
Sure. She starred in The Long Way Home starring Morgan Freeman. Have you ever seen this movie?
You are correct! He was also in The Civil War. Have you seen that one?
Yes he is. He also starred in The Green Mile .
You're very welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Blood Diamond is a Romance film that was produced by Jodi Picoult
Do you like the New York Yankees?
Yeah, he's great. Did you see him in The Aviator?
Inception is a great movie! It was written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Prestige.
He did! James Cameron also starred in True Lies as well.
Sure! You're welcome.
Yes, 50/50 is a Romance movie. A similar movie to 50/50 is the movie Shopgirl. Would you like another recommendation?
I don't have any information on that, but I can tell you that Adam Green starred in this movie
Sure, Vanessa Fertilio also starred in Sweet Home Alabama. Have you seen that one?
Don't mention it
Yes. They are in the NBA and owned by Jay-Z.
You are correct. The Washington Wizards are owned by Zygi Wilf.
I have! Nanking is a good movie, and Woody Harrelson produced it.
Yes, I do. She is a very talented author. Have you read The Little House Collection?
It was released in 1953 and is a fiction novel.
If you like historical fiction you'll like Wuthering Heights and Wolf Brother.
Sure thing. I'll add these books to your library.
Sure! He wrote Thunderstruck. Have you read that book?
Do you want me to add it to your list?
Sure! Other books in this genre include The Handmaid's Tale and The House of Mirth.
It's a great play! Other plays in this genre include The Tragedy of Othello, The Moor of Venice and The Moor of Venice.
It was directed by Dave Pelzer. Are you familiar with his work?
It is a fiction novel written by Dave Pelzer and released in 1988.
Brad Garrett starred in Underdog ,The Pacifier,The Country Bears and The Clockwork Girl among other movies
Jim Belushi also starred in Who's Harry Crumb and The Mask. Are you a fan of his?
It was released in 2003.
Happy to help!
I know it is a comedy starring Meryl Streep and Emily Blunt
Samuel L. Jackson and Anne Hathaway are the cast.
The Dark Knight Rises starring Anne Hathaway
It was directed by Lauren Oliver.
It was released in 2011
Great! I hope you enjoy it
Sure, one movie she's been in is White Oleander and the Wild One. Have you seen those?
James Rodriguez plays for the Columbia national football team. He is a midfielder.
I don't know anything about that, other than James Rodriguez plays for Chelsea in the Premier League but he also plays midfielder.
I don't know, but I do know that Falcao is a Midfielder.
No I do not have that information but I can tell you that Radamel Falcao is also from Columbia born in Bogotá like Zombieland.
Will Smith of course! That was a good movie.
As Good as It Gets is a comedy starring Yeardley Smith and produced by James Patterson. Do you like his work?
That one stars Danny DeVito and Jack Nicholson, and is a comedy.
It was released in 1999 and has a genre of drama
Enjoy the movie
Well, I know that they are owned by Wayne Weaver and Shahid Khan, right?
I'm not sure who owns the team. I know Tyron Brackenridge is the owner of the Jacksonville Jaguars.
Yes, I like football, some other sports.
Yes, Saina Nehwal is a famous athlete from India. She plays the Indian national football team as well.
She did! That's a great place. She was also in the 2012 Summer olympics.
I like swimming and football. My favorite is the Lakers.
He was born in London. He's from India.
You are welcome.
Nicholas Sparks wrote Two By Two, True Believer.
It was released in 2016 and was in English.
He also contributed to the movie The Notebook.
Yes, he was a Screenwriter and producer.
He is a very famous actor. He is also a musician and author as well.
You as well!
Pulp Fiction was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
No, there's a sequel. It is written by Quentin Tarantino.
Uma Thurman starred in Kill Bill. She was also in Pulp Fiction.
You're welcome! Hope you enjoy it!
Sin City was directed by Robert Rodriguez. Are you a fan of his work?
Sin City is a crime fiction. Are you into crime fiction?
George Clooney and Sam Rockwell starred in that as well.
No problem!
Yes, it was written by Khaled Hosseini and David Benhioff.
Yes, it has genre Drama.
The Kite Runner is a book. Khaled Hosseini starred in it as well.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Christina Lamb is a fictionist, do you like fiction?
Yes, he did. It was released in 1897.
I haven't seen that one yet, is it good?
Sure! J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Where The Wild Things Are. Have you read those?
Yes it's a story.
It's a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald and is a novel. Are you interested in reading it?
It was released in 1925.
Sure! Other dramas in that genre include The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, The Beautiful and Damned. Are you interested in any of these?
It is written by Ernest Hemingway, and released in 1925.
It was released in 1925. It's a drama.
Sure! It stars Micky Ward, Mark Wahlberg and Melissa McMeekin. It's a great movie.
Jane Eyre is a novel written by Michael Mason. Do you like Romance Novels?
She also wrote The Professor. Have you read that one?
Villette is a Speculative Fiction. It's similar to Zoe's Tale.
You are welcome! Enjoy!
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her books?
Sarah Dessen also wrote What Happened to Goodbye, This Lullaby, and The Truth About Forever.
It is considered children's literature, and young-adult fiction.
Sure, he directed The Amazing Spider-Man 2, The Amazing Spider Man and The Amazing Spider Man 2.
That is correct. Steve Kloves also wrote The Amazing Spider-Man.
That one stars J.K. Rowling, Jeanne Moreau and Angelina Jolie Pitt to name a few.
Great! You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about him, I believe he is a musician
South African Cricketer was a great player, but a couple of the players are Yuvraj Singh and Robert Downey Jr.
No I don't. I'm sorry. I haven't watched cricket before.
I would recommend The Great Gatsby. It was also written by F. Scott Fitzgerald.
It starred Elina Alminas and Meryl Streep.
Glad I could help
Enjoy!
Yes I do! It was written by Meg Cabot. It's a great comedy.
I recommend The Little Mermaid. It is a great Comedy-drama movie.
It is! It has a fantasy and historical fiction film as well.
That is a great choice. My favorite book is The Princess and the Frog.
The Call of the Wild is written by Jack London. It's considered a historical fiction novel. Have you read it?
White Fang is a great fiction book. I highly recommend The Sea Wolf.
It was released in 1903 and is in the English language. Is there anything else I can help with?
Beautiful Disaster is a great book written by Jamie McGuire and released in 2011. Are you interested in his work?
Should I add it to your list?
Beautiful Sacrifice was a great book, I think you'll enjoy it.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Enjoy the book!
Jennifer Lawrence starred in Winter's Bone which was a comedy and drama. Do you like comedies?
Yes, he starred in Silver Linings Playbook is a great movie
Sure, it is a comedy and is produced by Jon Roach.
You're welcome
They are doing okay in the NFC West. Third in rank I think. Not really a fan.
The Bears are having a heck of a season this year. They're having a good season. Do you follow any other teams?
Yes they were contenders in the NFC West.
This book is written by Toni Morrison. The Bluest Eye is also on of Morrisons books
You may like The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. It's also historical fiction.
That one is good. Billy Bob Thornton starred in The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen that one?
I love her music! Did you know she is very talented.
Yes, Liam Hensworth is a great singer. I don't know much about his other songs. I do know that she is a musician too.
Do you like that movie because it is a family film?
It was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Sparks in particular, or do you like Sparks in particular?
The Lucky One is a drama and a suspense book. Both are highly recommended.
The Notebook was made into a movie. It's a romantic comedy.
You are welcome.
Sure. Jean-Marc Vallée starred in The Young Lion, The Witch, and The Wardrobe.
Well, it's a drama, and a psychological thriller. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes, it's about a Queen.
Kyla Pratt is in it.
Okay, I'll have to check it out later.
Sure, she's great. I'm not sure about her.
Sure, I will.
Fast and the Furious is written by Gary Scott Thompson and stars Paul Walker. Would you like to know more about him?
I'm afraid I'm having trouble getting that information.
The Fast and Furious starred Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, and Paul Walker
You're welcome
Sure, World War Z was directed by Brad Pitt. He also directed Inglorious Bastards.
World War Z was written by Max Brooks. He also directed Inglorious Bastards.
I have not watched that movie, but I heard it was good. I am a fan of its creator, Frank Miller. Have you seen it?
He also starred in the movie X-Men 2. Have you seen that?
I can't find any other movies he's acted in, but some other movies he was in are The Handmaid's Tale and Monsters, Inc.
You are welcome!
Sure! Cat's Cradle is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Do you like speculative fiction?
I'm sorry. I don't have any more information on that novel.
Yes, it was. It's an autobiographical novel by John Scalzi.
You're welcome!
The basketball player who plays point guard for Boston?
I didn't know that. He is a basketball player too. He's a great player.
I see. That was a long time ago.
I do! He's a great singer. I like his song Star Trek. Do you like him?
I do not have any information on other songs by him. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes that is correct. I have no idea if she is a screenwriter.
I am not a huge basketball fan. They are owned by The Madison Square Garden Company.
I didn't know that, Did you know that The Madison Square Garden is a Historical period drama?
I have never heard of them. Are they any good as well?
Sure, he wrote American Pie as well as The Golden Compass. Have you seen either one of these?
It also starred Chris Weitz. He also starred in Crazy Heart.
Yes, it is. Would you like to know more about Warren Zide?
The Day After Tomorrow was a fun film to watch. I'd suggest Geostorm
I haven't seen it. I've heard of it.
I do. He's a great actor. He was also in Zodiac. Did you see that one?
Oh he's probably the most talented guy in that movie. It's a sci-fi film starring Chris Hemsworth.
They are a really good basketball team, coached by Steve Kerr. Are you a fan?
That's a good one. I'm not a huge basketball fan but if I had to choose, I would like to see Philadelphia 76ers.
I'm not sure about Jada Pinkett Smith. I know he's a popular basketball player.
Oh, great! I didn't know he produced it! I've been a fan of his since he produced it.
Madame Bovary is a romance novel written by Gustave Flaubert.
Yes, it was released in 1856 which is the same year that Alexander Skarsgard was released.
I'm sorry. I don't have any information on similar authors. Would you like to know some other authors?
You're welcome.
Ara Celi has starred in American Beauty. Have you seen this movie?
Sean Hayes wrote it and she also starred in Never Let Me Go.
Kevin Spacey wrote Beyond the Sea, which is a great movie
Yes she is! She lost to Serena Williams. Do you like her?
Of course, she is a pretty good athlete.
Good Deeds is a romantic comedy-drama starring Jodi Foster.
Yes he directed The Storm. Have you seen that movie?
Sorry i don't have that information
It is about a flesh eating form-less space blob that fell into this year
The Girl Next Door? It is a favorite of mine.
Sure. Enjoy!
I am not sure about her. I know she has a new album, Things Fall Apart. Do you like her?
Cameron Diaz and Yvonne Zima both star in that movie.
It was the Whiting Writers' Award
I love James Frain! I think it was a great film.
It's also a genre of Animation. Do you like those genres?
The Manchurian Candidate by Neil Gaiman is a dark fantasy film. Have you seen it?
Wicked City is a Sci-Fi/Action film written and directed by Paul Shantino. It has a genre of Fantasy.
She wrote The Year of the Flood, The Robber Bride, The Penelopiad, The Hear Goes Last as well as the Handmaid's Tale.
Sure! Wilson Rawls is an author who wrote Where the Red Fern Grows. Have you read it?
Wilson Rawls wrote Where the Red Fern Grows. Have you read it?
It was released in 2005
Absolutely!
you're welcome
Sure. Do you like The Notebook because it's romance?
I'm not seeing any other romance novels written by Nicolas Sparks but I can recommend some other romance novels if you like.
Sure, you'll like The Wedding. It was also written by Nicolas Sparks.
You're welcome!
Yea, Tom Quirk wrote Moby Dick. It was released in 1851. Have you read it?
That's right. It was co-written by Tom Quirk.
Glad to help!
He's a great children's author. Some of his classics are Are You My Mother and Go, Dog, Go.
It is considered children's literature, and children's literature.
Yes, Dr. Suess wrote Go, Dog, Go. Upon a Time in the West.
Sure! Bob Peck starred in Surviving Picasso and Lord of the Flies. Have you seen either of those?
Surviving Picasso is a drama
Some of the actors in this movie are Leonardo DiCaprio and Michael Fassbender
I certainly can! He wrote The Sicilian, and The Last Don. Have you read any of those?
Yes, it is. It was written by Francis Ford Coppola.
Sure. Added.
Danny Boyle wrote 127 Hours and directed Trance, Trainspotting, The Beach and Sunshine. Do you like his movies?
Trance is starring James Franco. He was in a romantic comedy called Srance.
Probably it's a drama. Would you like me to add it to your queue?
Brad Pitt starred in Troy (Crime Fiction Film). He also starred in Troy (Crime Fiction Film).
There is no information about that
Troy is a thriller movie and Mrs Smith starred in Written by Robert Jackson
Rosario Dawson was in that movie
sorry I have no problem
Captain America and Avengers are similar ones. Do you like such Action Fantasy movies?
Chris Evan starred in Warriors, The Perfect Score, and The Nutty Professor. Have you seen any of these?
You're welcome!
Yes, I like her. She won the 2012 PGA Championship.
Sure, Oldboy is a Thriller, other Thrillers include Graduation Day and Das Boot. Have you seen any of those?
He wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke. Do you like his work?
Have you read The Subtle Knife? It's a great book.
You're welcome.
Yes I can! Stanley Corngold wrote Die Verwandlung.
It is a fiction written by Stanley Corngold. Do you like fiction?
Mark Boal wrote it. If you like his movies I recommend The Hurt Locker and Detriot.
I haven't seen that movie, is it a crime fiction?
Yes, Linus Roache is in Psychological Thriller, which is a thriller.
Yes, he also starred in it as well.
Glad I could help
Yes, it was written by Ian Fleming and Martin Starr. It was a spy film and thriller.
Simón Andreu is the main star.
It was released in 2005.
Yes, it was a television series.
You're welcome!
Sure! Did you like it because it was written by David Mitchell or because it was a Sci-Fi?
An example is The Sorcerer's Apprentice. Tom Tykwer also wrote The Sorcerer's Apprentice.
Charlize Theron has been in Snow White and the Huntsman
You're welcome
You're very welcome.
Sure. Taxi Driver is a thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like thrillers?
Then you might also enjoy the Crime Fiction genre of Thrillers
Then you'll like Without a Trace. I haven't seen that one yet
Okay, great I'll add it to your watch list!
Yes, it's a great movie. I haven't seen it yet. Is it a drama that interests you?
Yes, he wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is a historical fiction. He also wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is a historical novel.
It was the third book in the series, and the third book in the series is called Kick-Ass. Have you seen it?
Sure, its an autobiographical novel by Anne Frank. Are you interested in that genre?
Some of her other books from that period include The Diary of Anne Frank, you may be interested in that book.
Well it appears that it's related to The Diary of Anne Frank, who also wrote How to Win Friends.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
That was a great movie! Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Robert Duvall and David Oyelowo are in it. It's a good one.
He is in Things to Do in Denver When You're Dead, The Giver, and The Order. Have you seen any of those?
Hope you enjoy it.
Chris Buck directed Surf's Up. Have you seen that one?
Ok, I'll add it to your watch list. You might also like the X-Men series if you like that.
Great, I'll add it to your list! Enjoy!
Sure! Dan Brown wrote Angels & Demons, which is a very good book.
Yes, he is one of my favorite actors. He directed this is the movie We Are Marshall. Have you seen it?
We Are Marshall is a comedy drama about football.
The Game of Their Lives was written by James Patterson. This movie is a drama film.
I know that they're an NFC south team and i believe Lovey Smith is the coach
He did! He's now a linebacker. I haven't heard of him, but he also used to coach the Chicago Bears.
I hope you have a great day! Have a great day!
I do not know too much about her
I'm a huge volleyball fan, and football fan
I like the Washington Redskins, and Washington Redskins
Sure! Did you like Scream because it was a Horror?
Yes. It starred Greta Gerwig.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Lana Wachowski who wrote and directed The Matrix starred in The Matrix Revisited.
The movie stars Natalie Portman and Rupert Graves.
It is a romantic comedy, similar to Vertigo.
Yes, its written by Cornelia Funke and she also wrote Pretties. Do you like the writer or the genre of this book?
Anthea Bell also wrote Tintenherz.
Cinderella is a Feminist.
I can tell you that it has a genre of Adventure and Drama. Have you seen the movie?
Naomi Watts has starred in The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner and Wild Ones.
It was written by William Nicholson and also stars Naomi Watts. It is a historical period drama.
You're welcome!
He wrote The Five Love Languages of Children. He is a singer-songwriter and an artist.
It is considered romance and drama. Do you like those types of music?
Unfortunately, I don't have any information on her. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information on him. However, he was a musician and a model.
Sure, he wrote It's a Wonderful Life. He's a Wonderful writer. Have you read it?
Sure, He is a wonderful writer. He wrote Madame Bovary
Sure, he wrote It's a Wonderful Life and It's a Wonderful Life. Have you seen it?
I can check on it. Thanks for the information.
She played on Un di Velt Hot Geshvign. That's a great show.
It was released in 1958
Great question, it was released in 1958
no I do not have that information
i don't have that information
It stars Christian Bale and Jennifer Lawrence, and is a crime drama. Is that what you like?
It's a comedy. Christian Bale stars in it as well.
I'm sorry I don't have that information.
Woody Herman wrote The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban.
You're welcome!
Washington Redskins sucks. did you know Dwight Schar owned this team
Do you like the Raiders?
I guess it can be a lot of fun to watch but I don't really know much about tennis either.
Sure! Have you seen The Fault in Our Stars? It's a great movie
Sure Easy was written by Tammara Webb and released in 2012, She also wrote Where are You, and Breakable.
It is a crime fiction novel, released in 2012. If you like that genre, you'll like Easy. This book is available.
She also wrote Where you Are and Breakable. Do either of those sound interesting to you?
You are welcome. It's a good read.
You're welcome!
Steven Soderbergh directed Ocean's Eleven. Have you seen it?
Keanu Reeves, Sandra Bullock, and Nicholas Cage are some of the stars in the movie.
He's been in The Good German and The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen those?
No problem, I am happy to help!
Alan Moore starred in Watchmen. He directed it. He also directed V for Vendetta. Do you like Thrillers?
It was released in 2005. The same year Watchers was released.
You're welcome!
Richard J. Dunn wrote Wuthering Heights. Is this something you think you'd like?
Sure! If you're into Gothic fiction, you'll like Without Fail.
It's a good book! Enjoy!
The Eye if the World written by Robert Jordan has genres Speculative fiction and fantasy. Do you like these genres?
I sure can. Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards, Rules of Attraction. Have you heard of this book?
It was released in 2004 and it's a novel.
You might enjoy Wildwood Dancing or Wildwood Dancing.
You're welcome!
Spirit Bound was written by Richelle Mead. This book has genre young-adult fiction and Urban fantasy. Do you like these genres?
Twilight is written by Richelle Mead.
Vampire Academy is a Fantasy genre
You're welcome
Charles Dickens wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop. Are you familiar with either?
Yes, Leo wrote it. It seems a very interesting piece of work.
Yes, it is.
Yes, it was written by Rebecca Wells and is a fiction.
Great, have a great day
He directed The Longest Yard, Nutty Professor II: The Klumps, Naked Gun 33 1/3: The Final Insult, and My Fellow Americans to name a few. Is there anything else I can help with?
He certainly did! He also produced the Watchmen. That is a classic!
Adam Sandler also starred in Grown Ups with Adam Sandler. Have you seen that one?
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them are great reads by him
J. K. Rowling also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
It has a genre of historical period drama, comedy, and comedy.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them are two works of art written by him.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them was written by JK Rowlings and it has a genre of Thriller.
Yes. If you haven't read Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, you'll like it.
Michael O'Neill starred in Transformers and Traffic.
Traffic is a drama and Seabiscuit is a historical period drama.
OK, you might like Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels and Snatch.
You're welcome
He plays for a Spain national football team. Do you like soccer?
Well I am not familiar with the soccer team but I know they are part of the NFC South.
It was released in 2014. Have you been so happy?
Also similar to The Hangover Part II is Meet the Parents.
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, Woody Allen wrote it. Do you like his movies?
It's a romance film. Do you like romance films?
I like murder mystery more. What genres do you like?
That is a great one. Would you like me to recommend other Romantic Films?
Mansfield Park was written by Tony Tanner, do you like his books or would you prefer something in the same genre?
Persuasion is written by Romance Novel. Would you like to read another book by this author?
I am not sure of that date. Would you like to hear about other books by Jane Austen?
I know it was written by Michael Markowitz and a crime fiction Comedy what seems to be interesting to you?
She is a part of the movie.
Me too! Kevin Spacey also starred in The Accidental Husband.
He's a great tennis player but I don't think he's as good as Roger Federer.
I watch a lot about tennis but I don't watch much for that sport. Do you watch any tennis?
No, I have not watched a match from time to time because he was in the Olympics. Who is your favorite player?
I have Inkhheart and Tintenherz. Would you like those?
The Sword in the Stone and The Looking Glass Wars are similar.
I have only read The Giving Tree and A Light In The Attic.
Im not sure about him, biut Gary Mottola directed Adventureland starring Martin Star - its an adventure film
The River is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy books?
I like most Thrillers. One of my favorites is When You Reach Me. Have you seen it?
Enjoy!
Shawn Levy directed Real Steel. Real Steel is starring Hugh Jackman. what else can i do for you?
Tom Wilkinson and Christian Bale star in that movie. It's a great movie!
I don't have that information, but Shawnee LaMarr produced Real Steel. It might be a good one.
Did you like it because it was a Historical period drama?
I love all the Crime Fiction movies by Brian DePalma. He also directed The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen. Have you seen it?
No problem, enjoy the movie!
Have you watched The Girl in the Dragon Tattoo? It is a great one.
I don't know much. He's a soccer midfielder?
Yes he does
Well Alice Walker wrote The Temple of My Familiar, which is a historical fiction. Do you like the genre?
He wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer, Nostromo: a Tale of the Seaboard.
You're welcome.
I think he is one of the best soccer players in the world and he plays for FC Barcelona, right?
No, I did not know that. What sport do you like?
You're right! And the name of the players he plays for Barcelona! I think he's a great player too.
Yes, he is a midfielder as well.
Yes I do! It was written by Patrick Rothfuss great author.
Well, The Wise Man's Fear is written by Patrick Rothfuss. He also wrote The Name of the Wind.
Its a fictional character in the Wise Man's Fear.
Your welcome
I know that it was written by Kiera Cass and released in 2013. Are you familiar with her work?
The Siren has genre Young-adult fiction.
Kiera Cass also wrote The Siren. Have you read that one?
Kiera Cass also produced The Siren.
His genre is music. Do you like music?
That movie stars Justin Timberlake. Do you like his movies?
I don't have any information on Jesse Eisenberg but I can tell you that she starred in The Social Network.
It was released in 2010. Are you a fan of Jesse Eisenberg?
You're welcome
I love that movie! It was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. You might also enjoy The Man in the Iron Mask.
It is a fantasy. Do you like Treasure Island?
Great. Enjoy!
Sure, you will like The Butterfly Effect. It is a great book.
I did. I liked that. It was written by Steven Spielberg and starred Morgan Freeman.
He has been in so many movies. Aiello is a really good actor.
Yes, he is a great actor.
You are welcome.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit one of my favorite books. If you haven't read it I'd highly recommend it.
Laura Hillenbrand also wrote Seabiscuit one book similar to World War II Stories.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Sure, Aladdin was written by Joel Coen and he starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you seen it?
Aladdin was written by Ron Clements and John Musker. Ron Clements also directed it as well.
It came out in 2014. It's also popular in the Disney genre.
You're welcome!
He wrote, To Have and Have Not, And he also wrote, In our Time.
You could try In My Head or For Whom the Bell Tolls. Those are both popular stories.
It was released in 1926, and in the English language.
You're welcome!
You're welcome.
I like him, he is my favorite quarterback on my favorite team, the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
Well, from what I've heard, he had a good run. I don't know much about football but I do know he's a quarterback and I don't really know much about him.
I like him a lot. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys though. How about you?
I like Young Buck what about you?
Could you recommend anything by Maurice Sendak?
I don't have any information on that movie, but I can tell you that Stephen Root starred in The White Oleander as well as several writers.
It's a drama, do you like those kinds of movies?
A Grief Observed is written by C.S. Lewis.
A Grief Observed was released in 1946
That is a great book! The Weight of Glory is a fantasy book. Do you like that genre?
I'll add them to your reader.
certainly! It is a young adult fiction written by Joseph Conrad. Do you like that genre?
I know they are a basketball team in the National Basketball Association.
Oh! I haven't been there but I know that Mike Woodson used to play for them since he left, do you watch him?
One of the most popular players in the NBA are Patrick Ewing and Woody Allen. Do you like any of them?
He wrote Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil, which was turned into a movie. Have you read it?
It was released in 2005.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Are you referring to Patricia Clarkson who directed it?
He also wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
He sure did! He also wrote Paper Towns, and Looking for Alaska.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about him other than he plays football. Are you a soccer fan?
I don't know too much about this sport. Do you follow any other sports?
It's hard to say. Thanks for the information.
I would have to check it out. He has a good stats for he.
Gore Verbinski directed Rango, a popular western movie. He also directed this as well.
Well, it's a classic! He wrote Rango and also starred in The Mexican if that interests you.
You are welcome!
It was written by Christopher Nolan and directed by Christopher Nolan. Have you seen it?
The Prestige is a horror film.
I don't know of any other dramas by Christopher Nolan
Okay. Christopher Nolan also directed The Prestige.
Thomas Lennon also starred in The Pacifier which is a very popular film
Enjoy!
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is written by L. Frank Baum.
It is considered speculative fiction, and it has a genre Fantasy.
If you are looking for others speculative fiction, you may want to check out The Wonderful Wizard of Oz. It's written by John Johnson.
Yes, she did. She also wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants.
I'm sorry I don't have that information at this time.
you're welcome!
Cate Blanchett is the latest movie.
The Holiday was released in 1996.
It is considered a historical period drama.
yea some great thriller movies are Shark Night, xXx, and Zodiac.
no, she is starring in this movie.
WALLE is a children's literature written by Al Pacino. Do you like the author or genre?
He's a great actor. Some of my favorite Sci-Fi movies are X-Men: The Last Stand and World War Z.
Sure. It's the last stand is a sci-fi movie starring Hugh Jackman and Jennifer Lawrence.
Yes. Another sci-fi movie you might like is X-Men: The Last Stand.
Oprah Winfrey, Nick Cassavetes and Hugh Jackman starred in it.
That was released in 2010.
It was written by Sarah Dessen and is young adult fiction genre
Other books in this genre include What Happened to You and Forever. Do those sound interesting to you?
Of course, you'll like The Warrior's Way, this is also by the same author, it's in the same genre.
Sure! She wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. Have you read either of those?
It's considered children's literature so I think it might be perfect for that.
It was written by Katherine Paterson. It's considered young adult fiction.
I have not seen Ocean's Twelve. Are you a fan of the movie or do you like the movie?
Ocean's Twelve stars George Nolfi and George Nolfi.
Great! I hope you enjoy the movie!
Robert Lewandowski is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a forward for Bayern Munich and is the captain of the Poland national team.
I like football. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I would have to check that out, thanks for the information.
He has starred in several movies such as Nixon and Mr. 3000.
I know he is a writer, television producer, screenwriter, and playwright. Would you like to know more about him?
It is considered a fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
He is. He was also in The Casual Vacancy. Have you seen it?
Sure, I hope you enjoy it!
Snow Flower
China Dolls was published in 2005 and its a fiction novel.
I'm sorry I don't know much about Snow Flower, but I do know that it was released in 2014 and is about the life of young girl.
Absolutely!
Do you like Pulp Fiction because it's a crime fiction movie?
You might also enjoy Grindhouse. It was directed by Rob Zombie, who also directed Grindhouse.
It stars Rob Zombie and it is based on a classic.
Yes, it is written by Stieg Larsson and was released in 2006.
Sure! Syeig Larsson wrote The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo and The Girl In The Spider's Web.
The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo is a mystery novel that was released in 2005.
You are welcome.
You're welcome!
I sure do! Michael Parks starred in Wicked, Tusk, Kill Bill: Vol 2. What kind of movie do you like?
Wicked is a Drama/Thriller. It is a genre of Suspense.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome!
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, is a fiction novel. Is that what you are looking for?
It's a great book, I recommend it.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
He is one of my favorite basketball players.
I don't know anything on Michael Jordan, but he was good in Space Jam. Do you like him?
He's such a talented guy. I can't wait to know if they love Ghostbusters.
Yes, he did. He wrote the Ghostbusters.
Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls written by John Pogue have you seen it?
Yes, Vin Diesel stars in The Fast and the Furious and is a drama. Do you like that genre?
He is great! He also starred in Horton Hears a Who.
You're welcome!
He's written Travels with Charley: In Search of America, Tortilla Flat, The Winter of our Discontent and many more. Have you read any of these?
Joe Morton appears in lots of films, including What Lies Beneath and Thoughtcrimes. Would you like to know more?
Yes he did, he also did a good job in that film
Yes, I believe it is a great film
Do you like them because they are in the National Football League?
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know that they're in the AFC South division. Who's your favorite team?
I agree. I like action movies like WarGames. Have you seen that?
I have The Paris Wife and it is written by Paula McLain. She also wrote Circling the Sun. Have you read them?
You're correct. Circling the Sun was released in 2015
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like thrillers or crime fiction?
Eraserhead has genre Comedy. what else can i answer for you?
its a thriller. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
The Fault in Our Stars is a popular one that he directed.
There are two famous actors in that movie - Shailene Woodley and Sam Trammell both starred in it.
It is a young-adult fiction.
You are welcome!
Hotel Rwanda is starring Terry George who also starred in Hart's War
It was written by Mandela. It's also a great movie.
Sure! It's a good choice. It's a Historical period drama and also is the style of the movie.
Great. Enjoy the movie.
Yes she has wrote several books such as Where you Are and Easy. Would you like to know more of her books?
It was released in 2011
2011 was also the year that released You Are Not So Smart, written by Rachel Abbott.
Sure, The Phantom Tollbooth was written by Norton Juster. Have you heard of him?
Peter Cushing starred in Twins of Evil. anything else i can do for you?
Ok, Peter Cushing also starred in Twins of Evil and Top Secret. He also starred in The Virgin Suicides and The Picture of Dorian Gray.
It was written by Cassandra Clare. Would you like to know more about this author?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Peter Gallagher starred in The O.C. which also starred Tate Donovan. Did you like the genre of this movie?
While You Were Sleeping stars Sandra Bullock and Bill Pullman. Do you like Thrillers?
Tom Hollander wrote it. He's a very good actor.
You're welcome!
He starred in The Thomas Crown Affair and The Running Man, to name a couple.
I don't have any information on that, but I can tell you it is a crime movie if you like action.
I like Vin Diesel too, he stars in The Chronicles of Riddick
You are welcome, please enjoy
I know that she is a actor who starred in Crescendo, have you seen it?
I don't have any information on what else she wrote but I can tell you that she is a writer.
You are welcome! It is also a young adult novel that was released in 2011.
You bet! Have a great day.
It was written by Jeannette Wells. It's considered a memoir. Do you like memoirs?
The Glass Castle is a book written by Jeannette Walls. She also wrote Walk Two Moons
It is a memoir about a journey of self discovery and healing.
Your welcome.
Yes! John Carpenter directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13.
You are correct. I can't remember when he was in that movie. Is it a drama?
Yes he also starred in it, as well. It's a comedy.
Rhonda Byrne wrote the Secret, the power, the magic
I do not have any information on similar books but I can tell you The Secret was produced by Byrne and produced by Byrne.
He wrote The Secret which was released in 2005 and is a non-fiction.
He's been in Your Friend the Rat, Warriors of the 21st Century and WALL-E. Are you interested in any of those?
Your Friend the Rat was released in 2011. It stars Patton Oswalt as Remy, the rat.
I don't have any information on that, but I do have some information that it was released in 2007. The animated short film is called Ratatouille.
You're welcome!
I do! It was written by Maurice Sendak. He also wrote A Kiss for Little Bear.
The BFG is an amazing family friendly film. Have you seen it?
I hope you enjoy it!
Still Alice is written by Still Alice. Would you like to hear about other books by Still Alice?
Did you know that he is also a musician?
Great! I hope you enjoy!
You're welcome!
Sure! Mark Haddon is a great actor. He wrote and directed the movie A Beautiful Mind. Have you seen this movie?
Yes, they were adapted into a film. The Red House was also adapted into a film.
Yes he did, The Messenger is a drama and action film. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Sure! He wrote Here Comes the Boom, which also starred Jessica Hecht. Have you seen it?
Kevin James also starred in Zookeeper. That's a romantic comedy.
I'm not sure about that movie, but Kevin James also starred in Zoolander. You should enjoy that movie.
Yes, Once Upon a Time in the West was wrote by the same man.
Witches Abroad and Under the Never Sky are good ones.
I don't have that information but it is a suspense film directed by Sergio Leon.
I hope you enjoy it!
I know a little about him, he's a study hip hop artist. Do you like him?
It was released in 1985
Eddie Redmayne, Scarlett Johansson, and Morgan Freeman to name a few
You're welcome.
It is a great movie starring Tom Hanks and Tim Allen.
I don't have any information on Drama. I can tell you The Blind Side is a drama film. Have you seen it?
It stars Brad Pitt and it is produced by Steven Spielberg and is in the comedy genre.
It was written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with this author?
Cassandra Clare also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex, The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes: City of Bones; City of Ashes: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass, The Iron Trial, The Iron Trial and The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones; City of Ashes: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass, The Iron Trial. Cassandra Clare also wrote The Iron Trial and
The Shadowhunter's Codex is in the genre fantasy and adventure film. Do you like those genres?
No problem, enjoy.
Yes, he directed Children of Men which is a drama. Do you like watching these types of films?
Yes, he did. That is a great film.
I can't find that information, but if you like fantasy you might enjoy The Fault in Our Stars.
You're welcome!
I'm a little familiar with that book. It was written by C.S.Lewis. Would you like to know more?
I know he wrote To Have and Have Not and it is a Christian literature. Do you like Christian literature?
You are welcome.
I love the song, Yellow Submarine, that he and John Lennon wrote.
No, I never heard of that. I have never heard of them.
I have never heard of him, isn't he on that team?
I do not know about Paul McCartney, but I have heard a few of his songs in the playlist.
Laurie Halse Anderson is a great actress. She is a wonderful actress.
Wintergirls is a Crime Fiction novel written in 2011.
Sure, downloading it now.
Yes, I do! Are you a fan of Rihanna?
Oh, that is a great song. Do you know any other songs from her?
It is a great movie. It's about a man who is suddenly able to enter his life after his death.
He has starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like those kind of movies?
I have not seen this movie. It is a romantic comedy. I think you will enjoy it.
It's a romantic comedy that also stars Nathaniel Hawthorne.
You're welcome!
I do! Mockingjay is a young adult fiction novel written by Suzanne Collins. Do you want to know more about her?
Don't mention it. Another book in the genre of young adult fiction is Xenocide. Have you read that?
Yes, it was a great book.
Yes, he is one of the most important actor in the world. He directed Little Miss Sunshine starring Paul Dano.
Yes, he did. He also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
No, she wasn't in the original film. The film was directed by Christopher Bigsby.
I haven't seen it yet, but I've heard it's good. She is a good actress.
No problem, I am happy to help. Enjoy!
It's a book written by Nicholas Sparks and is a mystery. Do you like books by any author?
Nicholas Sparks also wrote The Wedding. Have you read that one?
Yes, it was indeed and it was adapted into a film.
Sure, I recommend The Notebook by Nicholas Sparks. It's a good one.
The Matrix Revolution was produced by Lana Wachowski. She also produced Ninja Assassin which is a great film.
Keanu Reeves also starred in The Matrix Reloaded, which is a sci-fi film
He's been in quite a few films including Inglourious Bastards, The Rock and The Man of Steel.
He has starred in such films as The Shawshank Redemption, The Accidental Apprentice and The Manchurian Candidate.
Woody Allen directed the movie.
Sure, enjoy the movies!
Yes, he directed The Mechanic.
Yes, he did. Did you know he also directed The Mechanic?
He hasn't seen it yet. But The Expendables 2 is now great.
You're welcome.
I hope you enjoy it!
The Light Between Oceans is one book.
No, I haven't seen that one but I heard it was good.
Sure. Emmerich also directed The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Are you familiar with those?
Great! You're welcome.
Yes, she wrote Rebecca, My Cousin Rachel and Jamaica Inn.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Jamaica Inn was released in 1937.
Your welcome.
I do not really my most hated team. But I do know that they just fired their head coach Mike McCarthy tonight because he did not get a long with Aaron rodgers the QB and he did not make the playoffs do you like them?
I haven't been there yet. Is there anything else I can help you with?
yea hes good. David Thornton is my favorite player. how about you?
I don't really know him, but he is married to Gisele Bundchen.
I do, they are one of the best in the AFC west.
Yes, I am! I think he is one of the best singers of all time.
It's a romantic comedy. If you like romantic comedies, you might also enjoy A Bug's Life. Have you seen it?
It also starred Jared Leto, and Emilio Estevez. Have you seen it?
Sure, I enjoyed Walk Away and Behind These Hazel Eyes. Have you seen those?
American Idol has genre Music and I love music so I watched the movie.
I don't have that information, but I do know Jerry Maguire starred in it. It is a good comedy.
No, I never heard of that one. What did you think of her?
I can recommend Ridley Scott. Have you seen that movie?
Sure. The Watcher is starring Kyla Pratt, Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leanard.
You're right, he did star in The Snows of Kilimanjaro.
You're welcome!
Me too, she wrote Under the Tuscan Sun.
You may also enjoy Virginia Madsen, Do you know that one?
You're welcome.
I know it was released in 2014 and written by Emily St. John Mandel.
Toni Morrison wrote the book turned Movie Beloved.
Its genre is fiction
You might like The Fiery Cross
It was written by Quentin Tarantino
You are welcome
Do you like Downfall because it is a war movie or because its a war movie?
Michael Crichton and Jada Pinkett Smith starred in this movie.
You're welcome!
Andrew Stanton directed Finding Nemo. Finding Nemo is a family genre. Do you enjoy family movies?
Yes, Jeff Garlin also starred in Toy Story 3. Have you seen that one?
Tom Everett, Jeff Garlin and Michael Stahl-David were also in the Disney movie. Do you like those actors?
Yes, The Great Gatsby is a novel and The Chosen and The Affair are similar to it.
Well, I haven't read it, but I have heard of it. Have you read it?
The Crucible is a drama and was released in 2012. It has a genre of Tragicomedy.
You are very welcome!
He is a great actor. He starred in Playing for Keeps and Olympus Has Fallen. Have you seen either of those?
It's a Romantic Comedy. Did you know it was also turned into a movie?
It was released in 1999.
Sure. Playing it now.
I have not watched the movie, but I know it was written by Martin McDonagh, what do you know about it?
It also starred Kenneth MacDonagh and William Hurt, and Tom Everett.
Yes, he did and that was a great movie.
You're welcome!
Sure. Chris Weitz wrote The Golden Compass and American Pie as well as The Golden Compass.
He also produced the comedy American Pie. Have you seen that one?
Yes, The Lady in the Water is a drama. Chris Weitz is also in Vanilla Sky. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he is one of my favorites. One of my favorites is  [Z no shmetsu]. Have you seen it?
The Nightingale is a young adult fiction book written by Charles Dickens.
Sure, she also wrote A Christmas Carol, Have you read that one?
It is written by Terry Pratchett and Dawn of the Dreadfuls.
Didn't he star in The Expendables 2? I don't know much about him.
It's a very good movie. Are you familiar with Novak Djokovic? He's one of my favorite actors.
You're welcome.
I definitely recommend Die Hard with a Vengeance, starring Bruce Willis.
Yes, he did. It's a great movie. It's a very good movie.
Of course, it is a Family genre, and it is fantasy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he did have a starring role in The Lorax as well.
Yes, The Sneetches and Other Stories are also Picture books by Theodore Lesieg and Theodore Lesieg.
Okay. Glad I could help.
It starred J.K. Simmons and Melissa Benoist. JK won an Oscar for his role.
She is also in The Longest Ride and The Longest Ride.
Joago Riani is the only other actor who starred in The Longest Ride.
Yes, it is a romance. Would you like to know more about it?
No I haven't seen those movies. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome.
I do like the San Diego Chargers, they are a great team. They're a Lakers fan. Are you a Lakers fan?
Well, from what I've heard, he was a very talented person. Have you ever seen him play?
Yeah, they have a lot of good players. They play a lot of sports, especially with teams like St. Louis Stevens and Scott.
She wrote books in a language I cannot translate.
I do not have that information but he wrote books in a language I cannot translate.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
It was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Sparks in particular, or do you like Sparks in particular?
Okay, have you read Post-Apocalyptic fiction?
It is! It was written by Sarah Dessen and released in 2007. I think you'll enjoy it.
You're welcome! I hope you like it!
I don't know much about them. Are they part of the National Football League?
I don't know much about Pete Rozelle, but he's pretty good. Are you a fan of his?
Oh wow! I didn't know that. I think he was a brain tumor. I'll have to check that out.
He wrote Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail.
She also wrote Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life from Dear Sugar. Do you have a preference in genre?
Your welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, it was written by the great by J.K. Rowling and released in 2013. What can I tell you about it?
I recommend The Silkworm and The Cuckoo's Calling. Have you read those?
It is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I liked him in The Matrix and Van Helsing. Do you like him?
Yes it is. It is on The Comedy Central. Have you seen it?
Yes! It has a genre of Crime Fiction. Is that a genre you like to see?
That book was written by Ernest Hemingway. He also wrote The Little House on the Prairie.
Yes, there is a next in series called Little House on the Prairie
I dont have information about that but i know that it was released in 1933 and is a Fiction genre.
I don't know much about her other than that she is Serena Williams' sister.
No, I didn't know that. What genre are you looking at?
I didn't know that. I know she has a sister named Serena Williams though.
I know that The Lost Symbol is written by Dan Brown and was released in 2001. Are you a fan of Tom Hanks?
That is correct! Tom Hanks wrote and starred in Larry Crowne.
Yes, he did. Ron Howard also wrote Inferno which is a thriller.
He had a TV role in The Da Vinci Code and Inferno.
I haven't seen that one yet, may I suggest something else?
You're welcome
Yes, I do! X-Men is one of my favorite X-Men movies. Have you seen it?
It's a thriller. Do you like those types of movies?
You might like The Wolverine, this is a sci-fi movie.
I haven't seen it, but if you love Robert Downey Jr. I will add it to my watch list!
Tim Dolin is famous for writing Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
It is a fiction
I don't have any information on any other books by him.
Ricky Yancey was an American writer who wrote The Monstrumologist. Were you interested in Young-adult fiction?
Sutton has written Six-String Samurai, Ten Things I Hate About You and Six More. Are you familiar with these?
Absolutely, Enjoy and have a great day
Starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn. what else can i answer for you?
He was also in Paper Towns. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, I think you'll enjoy them!
It is a great drama. It's a similar movie to The Wizard of Oz.
Okay, then I recommend World Without End, Wolf Brother or Wildwood Dancing.
The Untouchables is starring Tony Kgoroge and Johnny Depp.
You're welcome.
Did you know that that was written by Nicolas Sparks?
Two By Two is written by Nicholas Sparks. Would you like to hear it?
I'm going to add it to my read list!
I don't really know much about them except they're a K-pop boy band. Do you like them?
I have Inkhheart and Tintenherz. Would you like those?
Inkheart is a fantasy book. Would you like to hear about other movies in this genre?
You're welcome!
Did you like the Hangover Part II because it was a comedy?
It is written by Christopher Paolini and stars Sam Elliott.
You are welcome!
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them are great reads by him
It's a fiction novel. Do you like those types of books? If so I would suggest The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
You're very welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
He is a cricket player and was in Hook Ya Crook, have you seen it?
Do you follow soccer?
I haven't seen his movies. But i've seen him in a few movies. He starred in Shrek 2 and Monsters University.
Sure. Tracy Chevalier wrote The Virgin Blue, The Last Runaway, and The Lady and the Unicorn.
The Last Runaway was published in 1996.
You are welcome.
Do you like the author Roald Dahl?
Going Solo is a Children's Literature. Do you like children's literature?
Yes, she also wrote The Twits, The Witches and The BFG.
You are very welcome!
Yes, they are. They are owned by David Platt. Do you like football?
I love his writing! He wrote The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes, The Complete Sherlock Holmes, and The Return of Sherlock Holmes. Do you enjoy Sherlock Holmes?
It stars Kodi Smit- Mcphee, who also starred in Toy Story 3.
Sure, he also starred in Unbreakable and The Incredible Hulk.
Sure, some other actors starred in the film include Stan Lee and Robert Downey Jr
Sure, have a great day!
I don't have any information on that, but I can tell you that the movie is starring Christian Bale. How about you?
Jon Favreau wrote Made, starring Faizon Love, and Jonathan Silverman
He directed The Wolfman and Jurassic Park III just to name a few.
They are great. He also directed The Transporter if you haven't seen it.
Yes he did. He also starred in The Perfect Score.
Great, enjoy!
Sure, did you like Sharp Objects because it was written by Gillian Flynn, or because it was the genre Suspense/Mystery?
She also wrote Sharp Objects and Dark Places.
Yes, it was directed by Paul Harrington.
It was released in 2015. The same year as Sharp Objects.
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works
Cold Blood is a Drama or Crime Fiction.
Did you like it because it was a sci-fi or action movie?
It's a great movie. Steven Spielberg and Kevin Zegers star in it.
It was directed by Steven Spielberg. He also directed The Goonies.
You're welcome!
Sure, he wrote the classic Elliot: The Complete Illustrated Movie Companion. I would recommend that one.
Yes, it's a vampire series. Have you heard of it?
You should check it out. It's written by Stephanie Meyer, as well as Zoe's Tale.
You're welcome!
Sure, he directed Seven Psychopaths
It is a Psychopaths starring Jason Statham and Kevin Corrigan
Sure no problem
Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts. Do you like the author or genre?
It is a drama other than it was released in 2007.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Enjoy!
Yea, Rickie Fowler is an athlete. He plays Golf and he was born in Murrieta.
I haven't seen it, but I know it was written by Adam Sandler, who also wrote a couple of my favorite golfers.
She is starring in a lot of TV shows, but I haven't seen it yet.
Sure, she starred in Wonder Women 2017, also in Solider 1998
Shaun Evans and Damian Lewis were also in it.
It is a fantasy, science fiction film, and family genre
The 5th Wave is an adventure film written by Rick Yancey
It was released in 2016. I'm not sure of the name of the movie.
I also like science fiction books.
Sure! You might also like The Last Star if you like mystery you'll like this one.
Sure! You're welcome.
I think she's a very talented singer. What's your favorite song of hers?
I do as well. She was in Valentine's Day, which was a great movie. She also starred in Valentine's Day, which was a great movie.
Yeah she was, did you know she was also in Valentine's Day?
I do! He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine. Have you seen that?
No, but I haven't seen it. Can you tell me more about it?
Ted is a good comedy movie. Would you like to see it?
Excellent. I'll add that to your list. Enjoy!
Yeah, he is a very talented singer. Do you like his music?
I like the song Love Yourself
Yes, that's a good one. I like his wife Nicolas Cage too
That was a great movie! Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
I think he was, I haven't seen it
He also starred in Batman as well
Jack and Jill, Bedtime stories, grown ups. Adam Sandler movies are all awesome
Sure, Grown Up was directed by Steven Spielberg and released in 2010
Yes, he did and that was released in 2013
You are welcome
Victor Hugo is a soccer player and plays for Real Madrid C.F. and he is a midfielder.
It was released in 1599 and is a Romance novel.
It sure was. Another good book is Notre Dame. Have you read that one?
Great! Enjoy!
You're welcome!
I believe he wrote There Will Be Blood starring Paul F. Tompkins.
I don't know much about her music but I heard she is good. What's your favorite song of hers?
Do you have a favorite song of him?
No, if you haven't seen it, he is a bit similar, but he was in a relationship with Chris Brown.
Anthony Hopkins starred in both Bobby and The Edge. Do either of these sound interesting to you?
Peter and Paul is a drama. Do you like Drama?
Sure, Tom Everett and Steve Carell also star in Peter and Paul. Would you like to know more about them?
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
I know they are in the AFC South - a tough division
They have a good season. I actually don't follow them much. Are they having a good season?
I hope they will have a shot this season!
Isaiah Thomas was a very talented basketball player
I haven't heard of them. Who is their coach?
I haven't seen it but I've heard good things about it.
Sure! The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet Prince of Denmark is written by William Shakespeare. Have you read that one?
I think it was released in 1626.
Ok glad to have helped!
She is a tennis player. She is from Constanta and has played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
I haven't watched Serena a while but they do win a lot of games.
You have lost to Venus but lost to Serena a lot of matches.
I don't really like football that much. They are a pretty good team. Do you like Football?
No, he had a coached other teams as well, actually. He was a great coach.
It was released in 2000.
Yes, Mervyn Peake is a artist, artist and author, she wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
It was released in 1886.
It was also considered a thriller.
You may enjoy The Prisoner of Zenda. It was also written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
Stephenie Meyer is one of the actors in Twilight Eyes.
You're welcome, I'll have to check it out.
Yes, there was a film called Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone based on the book.
The movie was directed by Ridley Scott. He also wrote it.
Yes, he wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement, and Who Moved My Cheese? Have you read either of those?
Who Moved My Cheese is a memoir and was released in 1981.
Its a non-fiction book that was released in 1981.
No problem, I am happy to help.
Yes! Fountainhead is written by Joseph Conrad. It's a Speculative fiction novel.
She did write We the Living. Have you heard of that one?
Your welcome. Hope you enjoy.
Sure, The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories are similar to Dracula.
You may want to check out Dracula. It was written by Maurice Sendak in 1897. Do you like horror books?
George R. R. Martin wrote that book. Would you like to hear more about it?
The Girl Next Door has a genre of Gothic fiction, speculative fiction, and fantasy
She wrote Under the Tuscan Sun.
Under the Tuscan Sun is a Romantic Fiction.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Do you like the movie because it is a fiction?
Yes Harper Lee also wrote Go Set a Watchman
you are welcome
The Goonies is another one you might like
Yes, it is a great movie starring Al Pacino and of course the amazing Marlon Brando
I have not, but I know it stars Marlon Brando and is a popular actress.
Yes, I like that movie. Al Pacino is a great actor. Have you seen it?
I don't have any information on Michael Byrne, but he was in The Godfather Part II and he was also in it.
I have no information on that, but if you like Al Pacino, you may want to check out the movie The Godfather.
Great! Enjoy your day.
Seamus Heaney wrote Beowulf.
It is a Romeo and Juliet. Seamus Heaney wrote it.
It is written in English. Seamus Heaney is a great writer.
Yes. He starred in The Terminator and The Order. Have you seen any of these?
Sure, he's been in The Terminator and The Order. Have you seen any of those?
Sure! He's one of the most popular actors in the world! It's a movie he directed and produced by James Cameron.
James Franco also starred in the film.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, The Prisoner of Azkaban, and The Way of the Gun.
you are welcome
He directed Seven Psychopaths. Gabourey Sidibe starred in it.
Six Shooter stars Jason Statham and Liam Neeson.
It's genre is Thriller and Mystery.
I agree. He was great in the NBA All-Rookie Team!
I watch a few games. I don't really like basketball. Who is your favorite player?
Wilson Chandler so I'm not sure. I know a lot about Willie Green, but I haven't seen it yet. I've always loved it.
Would you wish me to recommend something in relation to Heroic Fantasy?
Sure, do you like it because Yaphet Kotto and Tom Skerritt star in it?
You are correct, he has written a lot of great works. He's written Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that? It's a great series.
I don't have any information for that, but he has produced many great horror films, such as The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Released in 2013, The Rosie Project was written by Graeme Simsion. Does the name sound familiar?
Yes, she wrote The Rosie Effect. Are you a fan of hers?
No, The same year that released The Rosie Effect.
He wrote the Movie Olympus Has Fallen and Brooklyn's Finest.
Thomas Fanty also starred in Olympus. He is great actor.
I don't have any information on anything else he has produced, but he is a great actor.
Edward Norton starred in Olympus. Would you like to hear more about him?
Yes, I do. Do you enjoy him as an actor or singer?
That's a good one. He was also in Vanilla Sky. Have you seen that one?
I think he is a friend with Justin, but I don't know if he was friends with Will Smith.
Sure, do you like books by J.D. Salinger? He also wrote Franny and Zooey
To Kill a Mockingbird was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like to know more about the book or other books by him?
Yes, Harper Lee also wrote To Kill a Mockingbird, have you read it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Cassandra Clare wrote it. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes, it was written by her as well. Have you read the shadowhunter's codex?
You're welcome! Enjoy.
I'm not a huge baseball fan but I do know they are owned by George Steinbrenner.
The owner is Harold Zieg Steinbrenner. He had a son named George Steinbrenner.
A lot of them have been fighting over the age.
Michael Jackson was a great author though. He had a sudden death.
Yes, you should check it out.
I think she is a great athlete, did you know she was born in Hisar (Indian district)?
I don't remember seeing badminton in the 2012 Summer olympics, but I do know that he also plays badminton. Is he a good athlete?
Ok, Western Europe is great. Have you seen it?
I haven't seen it, but I heard it was good. Is it a drama and a crime fiction film?
I do! The Amazing Spider-Man starred Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield. It is a great science fiction film.
The Amazing Spider-Man and The Amazing Spider-Man are written by him.
Yes, it is and she also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man.
ok
Gillian Flynn wrote What Do You Do and Sharp Objects.
It is in English Language
There is one named after Sharp Objects that went to film.
Your welcome
He wrote Heretics of Dune, which is a famous novel.
Okay, have you heard of this one?
Sorry, I have no information on that book.
Sure, no problem!
Did you like it because it was a romantic comedy or because it was a thriller?
Then you will like This is the End, this is a family comedy written by James Patterson.
Great, enjoy!
The Eye if the World written by Robert Jordan has genres Speculative fiction and fantasy. Do you like these genres?
It was written by Frank Beddor. He also wrote The Marvelous Land of Oz.
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
You're so welcome!
Little Miss Sunshine is a drama and crime fiction movie. Is that what you are looking for?
It is written by David Koepp. It's a whole series of movies. It's a Historical period drama.
You're welcome!
I saw the movie, but I haven't read the book. That was written by Sara Gruen. Have you read it?
No I haven't. Do you like the novel At the Water's Edge?
No, I haven't heard of it. Is it about romance?
Thanks for the information. I do not have that information.
Have a good day
You're welcome.
Beautiful Disaster is a novel written by Jamie McGuire and released in 2011. It has very good reviews and is considered a favorite.
Beautiful Oblivion, Walking Disaster are all great books by him.
You're welcome!
Pulp Fiction stars Samuel L. Jackson and Samuel L. Jackson
John Travolta also starred in Zombieland.
She has starred in Walk the Line and Self/less. Do those sound interesting to you?
Tyler Hinton was also in that movie.
Jackie Chan and Anne Hathaway were also in it.
He's a great! He wrote The Shining and The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club.
I haven't followed them but know they are a sports team. Don't they play soccer?
Not really. I am more of a fan of the Buffalo Bills. How about you?
I am more of a Lakers fan. When does he play for the Los Angeles Lakers? I don't have a favorite.
I can! He is a wonderful writer. Some of his most well-known works include The Day After Tomorrow and The Fault in Our Stars. Have you heard of either?
Zodiac was released in 1991.
It has a great cast including David Gyllenhaal, David Ayer, Judd Ayer, and Hollywood Homicide.
You're welcome!
Norton Juster wrote The Phantom Tollbooth, it is a good book.
Norton Juster also wrote The Looking Glass Wars, have you read it?
Yes, it is. It is actually part of the series.
It was released in 2004.
I do! Marion Zimmer Bradley has written The Mists of Avalon, The Forest House and Priestess of Avalon.
It's a fantasy novel, do you like those types of books?
The author is Frank Beddor. The book has the genre of fantasy and mystery to it.
You're welcome! Enjoy the book!
He directed Your Friend the Rat, Warriors of the 21st Century and WALL-E are great movies!
It is a great movie! It also stars Chris Hemsworth and Ratatouille.
It is considered a drama and a comedy.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Jennifer is well known for The Shark Night. It is a fantasy novel. Have you read it?
Yes, it is a comedy-drama.
I have no other information on that.
I did enjoy O Brother, Where Art Thou because it is an adventure movie. Do you like adventure movies?
Sure! Joel Coen also wrote The Big Lebowski.
Sure, it was released in 1985.
You're welcome!
He is definitely one of the stars in Star Wars movies. He was in Star Wars as well. Have you seen that one?
Wally Lamb wrote several books such as She's Come Undone and The Hour. Do you like Fiction?
It was released in 2003.
Yes it is! Wicked Appetite was released in 2011.
I have not read any of his books. I just know that he wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest
I do not know of any films that Ken Kesey wrote. Is that a genre you enjoy reading?
Yes, he was. He was also in The Lord of the Rings.
Sure. Christopher Nolan was in Leo Tolsto. Do you like his acting?
He was in The Dark Knight Rises and The Easy A. Have you seen any of these?
I can not find any others but I know Leo has starred in a romantic comedy type of movie
Lukas Haas starred in The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Confessor.
I am not sure but I can tell you they were both in The Avengers and Infinity War.
You're welcome
Sure! The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is written by Jodi Picoult, it is a fantasy novel.
The Silver Chair is also written by C.S. Lewis. It was released in 1951.
The Silver Chair is a fantasy and The Wardrobe is in the genre Young-adult fiction.
Sure. He directed Elysium and District 9, both great movies.
Yes, it's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, she stars in it. She was also in No Strings Attached.
You're welcome!
I believe she sang Call Me Maybe. Did you know she is a singer/songwriter?
I have several songs like You Got Me and You Will Me. Do you like Indie movies?
No problem. Have a great day!
Yes, he is a footballer who plays for Manchester United F.C. and the Mexico national football team.
Javier Hernández is also on the Mexico national football team.
I believe he is from Mexico, but I don't know where he is from.
Bobby Farrelly directed Stuck on You. Stuck on You is written by Peter Farrelly and stars Bella Thorne.
If you like comedy films, you should check out There's Something About Mary since its an older movie.
Jim Carrey also starred in Suresh Rain. Have you seen that movie?
Glad to help!
Derrick Rose is an American professional basketball player for the Minnesota Timberwolves of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Well, he is playing for Chicago Bulls and won the NBA All-Rookie Team.
I do like basketball. Who is your favorite player?
Sure! Lois Lowry is one of my favorite books.
I don't know much about that, but I can tell you that it was adapted into a film of the same name.
No problem, enjoy!
He wrote The Twits, which is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Blake wrote The Twits, The Witches and The BFG.
Well it's considered a fantasy, as well as a fantasy. I'd recommend the book!
It was released in 2008.
You're welcome.
This book is by the popular author John Green, who writes young adult fiction. You would probably also like The Fault in Our Stars.
The Fault in Our Stars has a genre of Young-adult fiction. He also wrote Paper Towns.
Absolutely! Have a great day.
I'm not positive it's similar but Ashes to Ashes is in the same genre and is an action movie like The Firm.
It's an action film. If you like non-fiction, it's worth the read!
You're welcome!
I recommend Island and Brave New World. Are you familiar with either of those?
Yes, it was released in 1956. Would you like to know more about that?
The Last Battle was released in 1956. Would you like me to add it to your list?
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy!
He wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes. This seems to be the only book I know about him. Does this help?
Sure, he also wrote The Other Boleyn Girl: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
He also wrote The Universe in a Nutshell. You should check it out!
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome.
She starred in Sneakers, Passion Fish and Mumford. Have you seen any of those?
You might also enjoy Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore.
That's a good one. I haven't seen that one yet. I think I will watch it now!
They are both Action/Adventure movies.
He's written When You Are Engulfed in Flames and Naked. Have you read those?
It's a non-fiction book. It was written in 2008.
Yes, it was released in 2008. That was the same year the book was released. Have you read it?
You're welcome and enjoy!
Yes her music is great to dance to. How about you?
I don't know of that, but I can tell you that she is also a musician.
Yes, she is a Woman, a Woman is a Woman, a Woman is a Woman is a Woman.
Sure! Robin Williams starred in movies such as Venom, Gladiator and Sobek. Have you seen any of them?
I have not seen it yet. Have you seen it?
Yes, Leslie Dixon did star in the movie and it was really funny. Have you seen it?
You are welcome!
Sure! The Bourne Identity starred Matt Damon and Josh Hamilton. It is a thriller, do you like this genre?
Yes he did. Sean Penn starred in it as well. Do you like him?
Sure! You might also enjoy Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore.
You're very welcome!
Sure, He wrote The Crucible.
It was released in 1953 and is considered a tragedy.
Yes, I would recommend The Invisible Man and The Time Machine as well.
Yes, it is written by Ralph Fiennes, do you like his work?
You are most welcome.
I think he is a great basketball player but I'm not too familiar with him. What about you?
I do like him I think he is a good basketball player but I'm not sure about him.
I don't have information on the basketball team. However, I can tell you a little more about him.
He is a point guard.
Sure! Mary Harron directed American Psycho and was the Executive Producer on The Notorious Bettie Page. Have you seen either of these?
Mary is a drama
Your welcome
It was released in 1994
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Would you like to hear about other movies with him in it?
He also wrote V for Vendetta, The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded.
He wrote the Matrix Revisited.
He directed The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen it?
Russell Crowe is one of the actors in Allegiant.
It is a crime drama that was released in 2013.
The Light Between Oceans is one book.
The Light Between Oceans has genre Drama. Are you looking for Drama?
Yes, it starred Audrey Tautou. It is a very well-known actor.
Broken Harbor was a great movie. You are welcome.
Yes, he's one of my favorites! He was in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
You should take a look at the movies, or ones similar to Andy Tennant.
Fool's Gold starred Jason Statham and Liam Neeson. That is a good movie.
Yes he did. He and McConaughey also starred in Fool's Gold.
You're welcome!
He's a writer, director and producer. He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
I do not have any information at this time.
you're welcome
Sure! It was a good movie. Did you know that Taxi Driver starred Charlize Theron?
Sure, Taxi Driver is a psychological thriller that was produced by Paul Schrader and Paul Schrader. Would you like to hear more about this genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know that Luis Suarez Daz is a Uruguayan professional footballer who plays as a striker for Barcelona and the Uruguay national team.
Yes, he did. Are you a fan of the team?
Yes he is, do you follow any other sports?
Tom Brady and Tom Brady won the Patriots a few times.
Their Half-Blood Prince was written by J.K. Rowling, would you like to hear more about it?
Yeah, it was. Are you a fan of any other Harry Potter books?
Fantastic. It was also written by J.K. Rowling.
Sure! O Brother, Where Art Thou was written by William Shakespeare and released in 1985. It is an adventure film. Do you like adventure films?
The Odyssey stars Christopher Lee and Danny McBride to name a few. O Brother, Where Art Thou has genre comedy.
No problem. O Brother, Where Art Thou was released in 2005 and is a film.
You're welcome!
A Streetcar Named Desire was written by Tennessee Williams and is in the genre called Southern Gothic. Would you like more books by WIlliams or others in that genre?
That is a great story. If you like the writer, you'll like Without Fail by Lee Child.
It's a drama that was released in 1945.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Hayao Miyazaki wrote The Phantom of the Opera and The Titanic.
It stars Xzibit and Mekhi Phifer.
You are welcome. I am sorry I do not have any information on that one.
You're welcome.
I don't know too much about her, just that she's a Table Tennis player and is quite good at it. Do you follow her?
I am not quite sure about that. I do know he went to the 2012 Olympics.
No. I don't have any information.
They have a lot of great players, actually. They're owned by M Denise Debartolo York and they were released in 2012. Do you like football?
I do like them better. What is your favorite team?
I am not sure if they are a good team, but I do know they are owned by The Dallas Cowboys.
I haven't followed soccer in a while, but I believe they're coached by Louis van Gaal.
Not really. I'm more of a fan of soccer. I prefer American football, what about you?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. But I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. What about you?
It was good. It was written by George R.R. Martin and released in 1982.
Well, it's not bad at all. But I have heard they are in a lot of good reviews.
You're welcome.
She wrote In Her Shoes. It is a Drama. Do you like Drama?
She also starred in The Pursuit of Happiness. Have you seen that one?
Okay, I think you'd enjoy it. She also wrote In Her Shoes. It is really good.
Great. Enjoy!
Okay, great. I'll add it to your list!
Have a good day!
The author of Odd THomas is Dean Koontz.
Yeah, it was actually released in 1988 and is in the speculative fiction genre. Do you like that genre?
Terry Pratchett wrote it. It's a great book.
She has written many books, including Sense and Sensibility and Pride and Prejudice.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen and is a romance novel.
She has starred in many films, including Sense and Sensibility, Emma, and Persuasion.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, There Be Dragons and The Statement are excellent Historical period dramas.
You might enjoy The Voyage of the Dawn Treader or The Edge. Do those sound interesting to you?
Yes, it was adapted from the book and was written by Veronica Roth. Are you interested in her work?
You might enjoy The Giver or The Handmaid's Tale.
Oh, yes! She starred in The Proposal which is a great film. Have you seen it?
Do you know that Sandra Bullock also starred in Under the Tuscan Sun?
It is a romantic comedy
Do you have any other questions?
Sure! Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors and The Secret Adversary. Have you read either of those yet?
I do not have that information. It's a mystery-thriller and suspense novel.
Yes, she also wrote The Mystery of the Blue Train and The Secret Adversary.
I love her! Helen hMcCrory is great. Have you seen it?
Yes, it also is a comedy. You should also check it out.
Ralph Fiennes is a great actor, producer, and film producer. She starred in both of those and was recently a film.
He directed, directed, and produced Red Cliff. It is an action film starring Takeshi Kaneshiro.
Red cliff is a thriller and drama. Would you like to know more about it?
Well you might also enjoy the War film X-Men 2 or The Edge.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Madagascar was written by Jared Leto and it starred Jada Pinkett Smith.
It's a historical period drama. He was also in Madagascar.
You're welcome.
The Stand is a good one he directed. Have you seen it?
I think Scott Pilgrim starred in The Worlds End, a psychological thriller. Have you seen it?
Yes, Shaun of the Dead is starring Cameron Diaz. It's a good movie.
You got it.
Did you know that he's a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks?
He is a basketball player, from Oklahoma City.
Yes, he is a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks.
Sure! A Grief Observed is written by C.S. Lewis.
He also wrote Till We Have Faces, for example.
You're very welcome!
Andy Murray is a great tennis player, do you like him?
Well, I don't have information on that, but I know he's married to Serena Williams.
I didn't know much about that, I know he is a famous tennis player from the Dunblane school massacre.
I agree, they have a lot of good players like Serena Williams and Victor Anichebe.
He wrote Fast Food Nation : The Dark Side of the All-American Meal.
Yes! Walt Whitman wrote Fast Food Nation and starred in The Big Lebowski.
It is considered children's literature.
You're welcome.
Sure, Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls written by John Pogue have you seen it?
I agree, The Skulls is one of my favorites that he directed.
Yes, he is a great actor. He was also in The Death and Life of Bobby Z.
I don't have that information, but he was in The Skulls with Hill Harper. He was a great actor.
I sure can! Peter Krause starred in The Truman Show, Beastly, and Civic Duty. Would you like more information about one of these?
It's a great comedy. It also stars Jim Carrey and Marcia Gay Harden.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
No I have not. He's that Cricket player from New Delhi. He's known for his Right-arm Leg spin.
Welcome to the World, Baby Girl and I still dream about you are great books that I would suggest. You read them?
It was released in 2012 and is a drama
I sure do, some other psychological thrillers are Shark Night, xXx, and xXx: State of the Union
Sure, no problem!
That's a great film! It was written by Joel Cohen and is such a wonderful animated movie.
Yeah, it is grown up and it is a musical. Were you aware of this?
No, I haven't seen it but it is written by John Lee Hancock and it is a comedy
Absolutely! Do you like this movie because it's written by Christoper Nolan?
Have you seen X-Men 2 or World War Z? They are both psychological thrillers.
Vanilla Sky stars Penelope Cruz and Jason Lee.
You're welcome, I'm happy to help.
Yes, Jean M Auel wrote The Valley of Horses and the Shelters of Stone.
You might also enjoy "The Clan of the Cave Bear" or "The Plains of Passage."
Yes, it was. It's the next book in the series.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan and it's a young adult fiction book. To you want to here more about books like this?
OK. He wrote The Son of Neptune and The Titan's Curse. Are you familiar with either?
Yes, he did. It is in the same series as The Lost Hero. Are you familiar with either?
I don't know much about him. Are he any good?
You mean the player on the German national football team?
Oh he's a good player. I don't know much about him either.
i like the forward position. are i on the same team?
yea she sounds good. which is your fav player?
OMG. I love that movie! It's so funny!
She wrote Pretty Little Liars. Have you read that?
No, she is not known for writing it, but she also wrote About Nothing which is also a famous film
No problem, enjoy!
I did enjoy National Treasure. It was written by Oren Aviv.
Yes that is a great movie. Are you a fan of Nicolas Cage?
I like her too! I think you'll like this one too. It is a Romantic Comedy.
Sure. I'll add it now.
You're welcome!
Do you like John Steinbeck ?
It is a Fiction genre. Do you like Fiction?
The novel is a Historical fiction and Drama, that was released in 1991.
I know that Chelsea is a book written by Charles Dickens and was released in 1856.
Right! Chelsea is a Clifton Collins stadium in London. The coach is John Fox. Do you know their home venue?
I'm not sure. If you are interested in football, you should give soccer a try.
I'm not sure. I know they play in London as well.
I don't know much but I do know they are in the NFL and owned by Paul Allen. Do you know a lot?
I'm not sure about this author, but I can tell you he wrote Lethal Weapon and Lethal Weapon. Are you interested in any of those?
I would recommend both Radiance and Warbreaker.
Yes, he also wrote The Hero of Ages as well as The Hero of Midnight.
Yes it was, and it was also released in 2011.
Great, hope you enjoy.
It's a good movie. It's a Thriller starring Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal
If you like Robert Downy Jr., he also starred in Zodiac and The Girl Next Door. Have you seen either of those?
If you haven't seen any of those, I'll add that to my list of films to watch. If you haven't seen either of them, I'd highly recommend it!
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes! Bryan Singer directed The Usual Suspects which is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure! Bryan Singer starred in the movie X-Men 2.
Yes, it is a Thriller if you like that genre.
I like super hero thrillers, don't you?
You are welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it was a really good movie. It was a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
He is also in The Happening if you are into Bruce. Have you seen it?
You got it, enjoy!
Glad to help!
Sure Terry Gilliam wrote The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus which has genre in Adventure. Do you like adventure films?
The Adventures of Doctor Parnassus is a film by Samuel L. Jackson and starred in it with Stephen Fry.
Sure
You're welcome
Sure, The Lucky One is a romantic drama written by Will Fetters and Nicholas Sparks. What else can I do for you?
Have you read The Notebook or The Best of Me? Both are written by Nicholas Sparks.
The Wedding was released in 2007 and is a romance novel.
I'm not sure about that, but I heard Zane Grey was influenced by Jonathan Kellerman.
You're welcome.
The Wolf of Wall Street stars Leonardo DiCaprio, do you like it because you like his movies?
It was released in 1999 and is also a film adaptation.
Great, enjoy the movie!
Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
You may enjoy The Clan of the Cave Bear. It was written by Jean M. Auel.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Absolutely! Callum Rennie is in Fifty Shades of Grey and Fifty Shades of Grey.
Yes it is. What genres do you like?
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Would you like to know what else he has written?
Karen Hesse wrote it. Would you like to know other books by her?
You might also enjoy her novel Where the Wild Things Are.
Yes, Gillian Flynn wrote the same book. Do you like the author, Gillian Flynn?
The Scar is written by J.K. Rowling and it is a fiction book, do you like fiction?
It was directed by Kurt Wimmer. Do you like Kurt Vonnegut Jr?
He also directed The Theory of Everything. Have you seen that one?
The King is a drama film released in 2015 and stars Johnny Depp.
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like sci-fi movies?
I don't have any information for that he starred in The Handmaid's Tale.
He was in The Cat in the Hat. He was also in The Lorax.
You are welcome.
Sure, The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories are similar to Dracula.
Yes, it's a horror novel. Do you like horror?
It appears that it came out in 2014. Jodi Picoult also wrote Vanishing Acts.
Brave was directed by Roland Emmerich. If you like his movies, you might also like The Incredibles.
The Edge of seventeen is a great one for kids. It's a drama.
You're welcome.
He is fine I guess. Marcelo Vieira, known as Marcelo, is a soccer player for Real Madrid and Fluminense FC.
Yes, she is also a musician.
Yes Luis a Midfielder
Yes, I do. J. R. Ward is a great Writer, Screenwriter, Film producer, and director. Have you seen any of those?
Yes. Have you read the King's Speech? It's a drama.
It's a good one. Jeffrey DeMunn and Katherine Heigl are in it.
I'll add that now.
I'm not really knowledgeable about cricket, but I know he was born in Mumbai and plays for the Mumbai Indians.
I don't know anything about cricket, I've heard it's popular in India.
It does look like it is on ESPN. I'm not sure if they play in other sports.
Sure! She wrote If You Take a Mouse to the Movies, If You Give a Pig a Party, and If You Give a Pig a Pancake. Have you read any of them?
Yes, it was actually released in 1985. I am not sure of the name.
I don't have that information. Can I help you with something else?
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, Simone Elkeles is a writer, athlete, and athlete.
No, I don't have that information. However, Simone Elkeles was influenced by Charles Dickens.
Yes, Perfect Chemistry was written by Suzanne Collins. Have you read it?
Harold Ramis is in Stripes. He was also in Why the Caged Bird Sings.
You may want to check out Happily Ever After. It's a great comedy as well.
Sorry, I do not have that information.
Steve Jobs is a book written by Walter Isaacson.
Wither is actually a great book, written by Robert Mark Kamen, titled The Last Days of Downtown. Have you read that one?
It was also written by John Steinbeck and released in 2010.
Hello, yes I think The Night Circus is a good novel. It is a fantasy
Yes, it was written by Nicholas Sparks and made into a movie called The Last Song.
Yes, True Believer is a crime novel by Nicholas Sparks. Other books by him are Two By Two and Twisted.
It was released in 2001. Would you like to know other books by Nicholas Evans?
It is a drama. It's also considered a thriller.
Absolutely!
I like the dallas Cowboys. It is written by Jeffrey Eugenides. Do you like him?
I don't know much about the Cowboys, but I do know they are owned by Jay Gruden.
I would have to have thought of them. There seems to be a lot of interesting facts about the Cowboys as well.
Yes, he's an author, an actor and an athlete. Such a wide range of talent!
Yes, you're right, and I believe he was in Slumdog Millionaire.
I would have to say, I like horror films like Slumdog Millionaire. He also produced it.
Sure. The Last Hero is similar to To Kill A Mockingbird, which is fiction.
To Kill A Mockingbird is written by Stephen King. Stephen King wrote The Twits.
Your welcome.
I think she is a great athlete, did you know she was born in Hisar (Indian district)?
No, but I've heard of him. He plays for the Mumbai Indians.
Yes, Venus and Serena Williams are a tennis player.
I like most of his music from Maroon 5 and I like him on the Voice. Do you like the Voice?
I don't know much about her, but I know she is a singer and a musician.
It is a classic! Along with some of my favorite actors such as Taylor Swift and Selena Gomez.
Xander Berkeley starred in Kick ass.
It is a Thriller.
It was released in 2011.
Nicolas Cage also starred in Lord of War.
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a drama and Lord of War is a drama.
He's the first actor in the Sorcerer's Apprentice.
You're welcome
No, I haven't heard his music but I know that he is very talented, he is a songwriter too.
Zakir Hussain is a great composer. I haven't heard of him. I haven't heard of him. He is a very good DJ.
It was quite awhile ago. I haven't heard much of his music but I do know that he is also a musician.
The Inside Man is a heist, crime fiction, drama starring Jodi Foster. Have you seen it?
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a great one. It's a drama.
It's an excellent choice. It's a comedy about an elderly man fulfilling his and his late wife's dream of building a house on a waterfall cliffside in the wilderness.
Great. Enjoy the movie!
Gangs of New York starring Daniel Day-Lewis of course! Round Midnight is one of my favorites.
If you like Liam Neeson, you might also enjoy Omar Sy. Have you seen that one?
Sure. Schindler's List is a historical drama. It also stars Ralph Fiennes who is a great actor.
You're welcome
Yes, I can tell you The Great Gathersby is written by J.R.R. Tolkien.
I don't have any information on any other books in this genre but I can tell you that The Proposal is another book with that genre.
I like fiction in general. Then I recommend Wrath of the Titans as well.
You're welcome.
Sure! It's a children's literature written by Mark Twain. It is also considered children's literature.
Lucia Graves wrote a book called La sombra del viento, have you heard of it?
Sure! It was released in 1987 and is a young adult fiction. Would you like to read it?
That's great. I hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome!
I'm a huge Elvis fan, she's 29 years old.
It was released April 26, 1986
I do not know what she starred in the Muppets, does she star in the comedy genre?
She is the name of her real name
I have not really followed them much as it seems they float around between the AFL and the NFL.
I don't know much about Lamar Jackson, but I know he is married to J.K. Simmons. He is a good athlete.
Do you have a favorite sport?
Spirit Bound was written by Richelle Mead. This book has genre young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
I would recommend The Golden Lily and Succubus Blues which are also young adult fiction.
Shailene Woodley and Sam Trammell both starred in the Fault in Our Stars?
You might also enjoy the book In Our Stars which is also a Young-adult fiction.
Yes! Lois Lowry wrote it.
Lois also wrote; Gathering Blue, Anastasia Krupnik and The Giver. Are you interested in any of these?
The Giver is a speculative fiction book.
Yes, Christopher Bigsby is a similar author. He wrote The Crucible.
You might also enjoy The Crucible by Christopher Bigsby.
Sure! Do you like Wes Anderson movies or or romance films in general?
Some of his other works include The Fault in Our Stars and The Forest House. Have you seen any of those?
Some of the stars include Ashton Kutcher and Tim Matheson
Of course! I hope you enjoy!
Yes, it was written by Roger Avary and stars Samuel L. Jackson.
It stars Samuel L. Jackson and is a drama, do you like these actors?
He's known for The Ninth Configuration, Invisible Man and The Book of Mormon. He is a popular author.
Sorry, I don't have that information. But Silent Hill is a good horror movie.
I liked her in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Have you watch that movie?
She also starred in Under the Tuscan Sun have you seen that?
You're welcome!
I do! Did you know she is in Men in Black 3?
You should watch Girls in Love then. She has a good voice.
I'm not too sure about that song, but I agree with you on that. She has a good voice.
The Thorn Birds and The First Man in Rome are some of her works. Have you read them?
The Thorn Birds was released in 2014 and The First Man in Rome was released in Rome.
The House is a good one. Have you heard of it?
Alison Doody starre in A View to Kill and A prayer for the Dying. Have you heard of these?
Produced by Steven Spielberg in the Last Crusade.
Laurence Fishburne and Zakes Mokae also star in it.
your welcome
Are you looking for other books by J.K. Rowling?
You might enjoy The Chamber of Secrets or The Fault in Our Stars.
You're welcome
Yes, she wrote Rebecca, My Cousin Rachel and Jamaica Inn.
Rebecca was released in 1938.
No, there is no information about that.
Yes, I like him in This is 40.
The Muse is a great movie! He stars in The Muse as well.
The Muse is a good one! It was written by Oscar Wilde and also stars Joe Pesci.
Great! You're welcome.
That is a great movie with Steve Carell. Do you like his movies?
Great. Steve Carell starred in Toy Story 3. It is a comedy and Steve Carell starred in.
Sure, Zach Galifianakis is in it. You are welcome.
You might enjoy Wilson Rawls books. He wrote To Build a Fire and The Magician's Land. Have you read those?
Susan Meissner wrote There Will Be Blood if you enjoy her novels.
You are welcome.
You are welcome!
Sure, do you like it because it is directed by James Cameron or because it is Action movie?
Absolutely! Chris Hemsworth and Amber Heard are in it as well. I think you'd enjoy it.
You are welcome!
Well, I'm a Niners fan, sadly, so I'm not really watching the NFL. Who's your favorite team?
Tom Brady and Patriots lost that game. Are you a Patriots fan?
You're right, and Gisele was a great player as well.
He is such an amazing songwriter! I especially like Yellow Submarine and Bag one.
He wrote all of the Harry Potter movies. Are you interested in those?
Ant Man is great. You may like The Black Dahlia. It is also an adventure movie.
No, I haven't seen any of them but if you like sci-fi I recommend a good one called Space Jam.
No problem, I haven't seen The Postman yet. I think you'll enjoy it.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Pearl Harbor was released in 1958 and is a Romance film. Do you like Romance films?
I am not sure. There is another movie similar to Pearl Harbor that you might like
Yes, I love anything by J.K. Rowling, it's a great movie. Have you seen it?
There is a sequel called Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.
Gremlins is written by J.K. Rowling. He also wrote the entire Harry Potter series.
You are welcome and have a great day!
I sure do! He is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
Oh, I didn't know. I'm actually more of a basketball fan. Is he a good player?
It does! He's a great actor. He's also in The Warrior's Way.
I haven't seen it yet. I've been meaning to watch it now. Have you seen it?
She wrote The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
It is a Science Fiction. Do you like reading these types of books?
You're welcome, enjoy!
The coach is John Fox. Have you heard of him?
It is the packer. He is a great player.
I like Basketball and Football. What about you?
Robert Duvall starred a few Americam Film like tha Apostle, God Father. Have you seen this movie?
Yes, it stars Harrison Ford and Al Pacino. It's a great movie you should watch.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I'm not familiar with him but I know he was in Friends with Benefits with Jim Carrey. Are you a fan of his?
I don't know if he did. He had a used to be but he was also a model.
I wonder if he was in Snow White and the Huntsman. Have you seen those?
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like sci-fi movies?
The only science fiction I know of by Philip K. Dick. Philip K. Dick also wrote Total Recall.
Robert De Niro is the star. It is a great science fiction movie.
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy it!
I like him, he is my favorite quarterback on my favorite team, the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
I haven't heard of him, is he from Texas?
I have not seen it either. I will have to check it out. Thanks for the information.
Yes, I haven't read it, but I know that it's a paranormal romance, urban fantasy, young adult fiction book. Do you like those genres?
Yes, it is and Richelle Mead wrote the Vampire Academy
No that's all I know of
You're welcome
Do you like Young-adult fiction? The Giver is a good one.
The genre is young-adult fiction.
Sure. The Very Hungry Caterpillar is a similar book. It was written by Joseph Heller.
I don't know any other books by him. Sorry.
It looks like he wrote a few other books in the genre of children's literature. One of them is A Walk to Remember.
I don't know any other books by him. Sorry.
She also wrote A Christmas Carol and The House of Mirth.
You're welcome.
Bruce Greenwood starred in The Republic of Love with Gary Farmer. Great movie!
Jackie Burroughs also starred in The Republic of Love with Kate Winslet.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I think he's a good qb. Did you know his brother Jordan was on the Bachelorette?
I don't have any information for that, but I do know their coach Mike McCarthy is really talented
Mike McCarthy also plays for the Packers. He's a great player though
Yes, she wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read these?
I don't have any more information on horror books but I can tell you that Elizabeth KOstova also wrote a film called The Historian.
I don't have any information on that novel, but I can tell you she was influenced by Vladimir Nabokov.
You're welcome.
That's a great book by J.R.R. Tolkien. Have you read it?
Yes, the book is in the same genre and it is in the children's literature genre.
Yes it is. It was written in 19th century in the English language.
Absolutely, enjoy and have a great day.
I like Jason Kidd. What about you?
He was on the Golden State Warriors. But I don't know what his name is.
I like the Greek Freaks as well.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by Steve Kloves.
Yes he did. Wonder Boys was a great movie.
Yes, they both are together. I believe they were both in London.
The Road is a post- apocalyptic fiction written by Cormac McCarthy who wrote a gnarly movie, No Country for Old Men. Have you read it?
There is one similar to Post-Apocalyptic fiction called When Breath Becomes Air
Zoe's Tale is written by John Scalzi and was released in 1985.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm not sure about science fiction but I can suggest some other science fiction books he wrote if you'd like.
You're welcome!
Do you like Tom Hanks as an actor?
Great! Tom Hanks also stars in Larry Crowne, and That Thing You Do.
It is considered a drama and a mystery. Tom Hanks does not star in any of those actors.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
She wrote one book called Tina Fey. Are you a fan of hers?
She also used to be a model and a celebrity friend to Tyga. However, she has been busy.
I haven't watched many shows but i have heard of Parks and Recreation the television.
I'm not sure, but the Invention of Lying has also been a film as well.
you have no information on 30 Rock. You may want to check it out.
Yeah. I know she plays football for Manchester United F.C. and he plays the forward position.
Well, he's from Washington and has won several awards. But, I know if he's still playing for Chelsea in the Premier League.
Yeah. She was born in Denver Broncos. Yeah she is a woman though.
I liked her old song Your Love is my Drug, other than that I am not a huge fan of her. Are you?
Yeah. I don't know much about her. I think she is married to Gisele Bundchen.
That's interesting. I know that John Lennon is also a musician, songwriter, record producer.
Yes, Beatrice Sparks is a writer and wrote Go Ask Alice.
Yes it was released in the year 2001. Do you like books written by Beatrice Sparks?
It was. It was written by Beatrice Sparks and was released in 1997. Do you like thrillers?
No problem, enjoy!
Ray Bradbury is known for writing The Martian Chronicles and Harry Potter. Do you like science fiction?
Yes, it is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure about that. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome!
Enjoy!
Yes he directed Freakonomics. He also directed Horrible Bosses.
Sean Connery starred in Freakonomics. Do you like his acting?
He plays soccer for the Real Madrid C.F. and the Portugal national football (soccer) team.
Do you have any information about soccer?
Yes, she is. Do you like her books?
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie, do you like sci-fi?
Arnold Schwarzenegger also stared in The Terminator and The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen those?
Great question! Gary Ross is playing the lead role.
Ella Enchanted is a children's literature written by Gail Carson Levine and is a Speculative fiction.
Ella Enchanted is a Speculative fiction
Yes, Ella Enchanted has genre Drama
You are welcome
Irwin kershner starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. Great movie!
William Lucking starred in The Return of a Man Called Horse.
William Lucking starred in The Return of a Man Called Horse.
Well, he wrote madame Bovary a romance. Do you like romance novels?
It was released in 1856.
I am not too sure when it was published.
Zoe's Tale is a science fiction and post-apocalyptic.
Yes of course it written by Kurt Wimmer do you like his work?
Yes he was
I have not seen that movie. Was it written by Patrick Rothfuss?
Heart of Darkness is written by Joseph Conrad and is a Fiction Novella.
I don't know anything else by Theroux, but he also wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
Yes, it is. Have a great day.
Sure! J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Where The Wild Things Are. Have you read those?
It was released in 1904.
J.M. Barrie also wrote Til We Have Faces.
It was written in English and released in 1904.
you're welcome!
She wrote The Professor. Have you read that book?
It falls into the Gothic fiction genre. If you haven't read them I recommend Wuthering Heights.
Sure! I hope you enjoy them!
Sure, one of my favorites is David Copperfield. Do you like his writings?
Charles Dickens was a great author. Some of his other works include A Christmas Carol and Oliver Twist.
You're welcome! You're welcome.
Blood Promise is a young adult fiction book by Richelle Mead. It is part of a series of dark fantasy books.
Yes, it is written by Richelle Mead.
It is considered young adult fiction.
Absolutely! Wicked Lovely is a good one.
Sure! He is a tennis player. He played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics. Do you enjoy tennis?
Yes, I am a fan of tennis. I like Serena Williams. Do you like tennis?
Do you know if they play in high school?
Blake Griffin is a basketball player. He plays point guard for the Miami Heat. Do you like basketball?
What other sports do you like?
Haha, taller. I think he is very taller than he is.
Are you looking for other fantasy genre books by J.K. Rowling?
Magicians is similar to Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone.
you are welcome. Have a great day.
Yes, The Help was written by Tate Taylor and released in 2002. It was directed by Tate Taylor-Johnson.
Yes, she did. She also starred in The Help and a Psychological thriller as well.
Viola Davis has been in Along Came a Spider as well as several others.
Joseph Kosinski wrote and directed The Phantom Tollbooth. Have you seen that?
Yes, he did direct that. That was an all-star musicals.
You are correct! He has a prolific prolific player, he did a fantastic job.
You're welcome!
He wrote The Water is Wide, The Prince of Tides and The Lords of Discipline.
Yes. Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Great Gatsby.
Flannery O'Conner is a writer.
It's a children's literature.
Your welcome.
She's an actress. She starred in the movie Aliens.
Bill Paxton also starred in Zodiac which is a great film. Have you seen it?
Absolutely, Robert Duvall and David Oyelowo are also in it. It's a great film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen and is a romance novel.
Another one she wrote is Sense and Sensibility. Anything else i can answer for you?
you are welcome
I know she wrote Wild Cards, Rules of Attraction, and Random Hearts
She wrote a book called Twilight, which is a crime fiction novel. Do you like the genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
He is a movie director and writer. He wrote and directed and starred in the movie The Longest Ride.
He also directed The Last House on the Left.
Total Recall is a science fiction/fiction book released in 1982.
You are welcome!
Snow White and the Huntsman was written by John Lee Hancock. It's a great movie.
You're welcome. I'm sorry I don't have that information.
I don't know much about the Undertow. I do know that it was written by Stephenie Meyer and Jennifer Lawrence.
I don't have that information but I do know that Patricia Clarkson starred in the Twilight series. Do you like her?
You're welcome.
Well, I have not seen the movie. Would you like to hear similar movies in this genre?
Good question, I can recommend you other fantasy movies. Have you seen any of these?
The Golden Compass was written by Philip Pullman.
You're welcome.
Okay.
Collateral is directed by Tom Cruise starring Tom Cruise. Do you like his movies?
Yes, he did. That was a great film. Are you a fan of his?
Great! I hope that you enjoy it.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Tim Roth, Larry the Cable Guy, and Tim Roth starred in Total Recall.
Patrick Swayze was also in the movie.
You are welcome.
Yes, it is a Major League Baseball team owned by M Denise Debartolo York and John York. Do you like baseball?
Oh, they must be good. 2014 was a big year for them.
Me too! You're my favorite team is the Redskins. Do you have a favorite team?
Denzel Washington and Denzel Washington star in the Equalizer.
I don't have any additional information on that movie, but I can tell you that Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that it is also a psychological thriller and it was released in 2007.
You're welcome.
I don't know too much about her, just that she's a table tennis player from China. Do you follow her?
Yes, he is from China. Are you a fan?
Yes, and if you are into sci-fi, it's a film you should watch it.
He is similar to Michael Sawyer, as the Adventures of Tom Sawyer
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer is a great book. He also wrote The Adventures of Tom Sawyer.
Mark Twain is considered a British author. He also wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
Sure! He wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, which is a great book. He also wrote The Prince and the Pauper.
Yes, you're welcome
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to read another one of her b
Some of the most popular novels are Sense and Sensibility and Pride and Prejudice.
Its a fiction novel.
To Kill a Mockingbird was written by Tom Hanks and released in 1955.
It is thought to be a drama and release for the same year.
You're welcome!
Ben Stiller starred in Zookeeper and Transformers. Have you seen those?
Yes, he was in Zoolander. If you haven't seen it, I definitely recommend it.
Yes, he was in that movie. Ben Stiller also wrote The Royal Tenenbaums.
Glad I could help. Enjoy!
I like the song Crossroads. Did you know she is friends with Madonna?
I think so too! I had no idea about her. She is a good singer though.
That is a great movie you should watch. I haven't seen it yet, have you ever seen it?
The Terminal is a drama, so some other dramas that may be similar is The Ring Two.
It's a romantic comedy, released in 2012 and written by Liane Ward. Do you like dramas?
Yes, The Terminal is a comedy starring Tom Hanks. Steven Spielberg also directed Moneyball. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, he starred in Tom Horn, The War Lover and the Reivers, what genre of films you prefer more his drama or action?
I don't have that information, but I do know it was released in 2007 and directed by Steve McQueen.
The Towering Inferno starred Jamie Kennedy and Anne Hathaway. Would you like to know more about the movie?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Heart of Darkness was written by Joseph Conrad and is a Fiction Novella. Do you like the genre or the author?
Mary Doria Russell
The Name of the Wind is picture book by Eric Carle.
Are you interested in the genre of parody or movies that John Cleese is in?
It was released in 1900.
It was written by Samuel Hoffenstein
I can't find that information but if you like adventure I can recommend The Adventures of Oz.
Sure, here it is!
Yes, I know he plays for the Argentina national football team, he's a very good player
It must be fun to watch. If you haven't watched it, you should give it a try.
He is! He's such a great coach! I wonder if he and Jet Li are on that team, too!
Yes he is. He's a great actor. He's also a director. Do you know about him?
Sure! Harrison Ford wrote and directed it, wrote and directed it. You should check it out.
Will do.
He directed The Perks of Being a Wallflower. Do you like the Romance genre?
Stephen Chbosky was in it. He was also in it.
Yes she was. She was also in The Perks of Being a Wallflower.
I don't know any information about that, but I can tell you he was in The Perks of Being a Wallflower.
No problem.
Yes it is written by Anne Rice, and it stars Brad Pitt
Tom Cruise also starred in Vanilla Sky and the Last Samurai.
Andres Iniesta is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a forward for Spanish club Barcelona and the Spanish national team.
I don't know much about football, but I do know they are owned by Magic Johnson.
Yes they are a goof team.
You are right. The Giants won the 2010 World Series.
Yes, they both have been fun to watch. The world series is great!
I do! Are you a fan of Meryl Streep or Emily Blunt?
Then you'll like Aline Brosh McKenna. I recommend The Dark Knight Rises.
Enjoy!
Sure! He starred in Treasure Planet and The Phantom. Have you seen those?
Yes, that is correct. Do you like Martin Short? He also starred in Treasure Planet.
Sure, The Legend of Zorro stars Hugh Jackman and Martin Short. You may want to check it out.
William Friedkin directed The Hunted. Do you know that one?
It's an action film. Would you like me to send it to you?
I don't have any other thrillers, but I can recommend other thrillers.
You're welcome!
Pearl S Buck wrote The good Earth. Did you know she was also a teacher?
Yes, it is a romance. Do you like romance movies?
No, it is in Black-White. Do you like the genre?
You're welcome.
I know that Kevin McHale is one of their major players though
I like football. I also like college football.
I love hockey, do you watch any sport?
Little Miss Sunshine might be worth a look.
He also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
Russell Crowe starred in Little Miss Sunshine. He's a great actor.
Alan Arkin also starred in The Mists of Avalon and the Forest House. Have you seen either of those?
Yes she is. She lost to Serena Williams. Do you like tennis?
She is currently number 66.
You are welcome, I hope you have a good day.
He was a Journalist and wrote a Biography. Do you like Biography books?
Sure! Ralph Steadman starred in The Five Love Languages of Children. He is a musician and author.
I can't find any information on what else he has worked on, but I can tell you he was influenced by Djuna Barnes
You're very welcome. I have a good day.
The genre is Speculative fiction do you enjoy that genre?
She also wrote Fairest and The Two Princesses of Bamarre
Yes it is Fantasy. Do you like Fantasy?
The Tombs of Atuan is a young-adult fiction, do you like fantasy?
I don't really like them. I like their coach John Fox. Are you a fan?
I do not know who he is. I do know the coach is John Fox
He was drafted by the Denver Broncos, and used to be coached by Jim Caldwell.
He is a football player. I don't know much about him. I have heard he is good.
He plays for Manchester United F.C. I'm not sure.
Well, I'm not a big soccer fan so I don't know much about the team.
Sure! Do you like books written by Jeff Kinney? Jeff Kinney starred in The Ugly Truth.
Yes, it is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
You are welcome! Enjoy.
Apocalypto is a war film written by Francis Ford Coppola and directed by Francis Ford Coppola.
I don't have any information on other films he directed, but he did write Apocalypto which is a thriller.
Sure! The Passion of the Christ is a historical period drama that also stars Christo Jivkov.
Sure, no problem!
Divergent is from the Utopian and Dystopian fiction genre. Would you be interested in other films in that genre?
She also wrote Insurgent and Free Four.
You are welcome.
Yes, it was written by Veronica Roth.
Yes, it was written by Cecelia Ahern and released in 2003. It's a good novel.
She also wrote Where Rainbows End.
It is a fiction. Do you like fiction?
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is a great movie. Another movie in that genre you may enjoy is The Chamber of Secrets
Cool! The Golden Compass was written by Chris Weitz.
Philip Pullman wrote The Golden Compass and The Sorcerer's Stone.
You're welcome! Enjoy the movie!
He directed Cutthroat Island and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Yes, he also wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight. Do you like thrillers?
It also starred Meryl Streep and Tom Amandes. Do you like them?
You are welcome.
I don't know much about her other than she composed Titanium. Are you a fan of her?
I like Hayao Miyazakio and Kristen Wiig. They are my favorites.
Yeah, Ricky Martin is a pretty good singer. Did you know he won BBC Young Sports Personality of the Year?
It was written by Jojo Moyes. Do you like the author Jojo Moyes?
He also wrote The Invisible Man and The Talented Mr. Ripley.
I am not sure about that, but I do know it was written by Steven Spielberg and was released in 2002.
I know she is great at tennis and is dating golfer, Rory McElroy
Yes, she is very talented. My favorite tennis player is Venus Williams
Yeah, they are. Do you like them?
I think Mike Woodson is a good coach, I'm not sure. I think Mike Woodson does a good job with them
Do you know if he played for the Brooklyn Nets?
I didn't know he was in that movie as well!
I know he's an athlete, a footballer from Wales that played on their national football team.
I watch it sometimes. I like American football. The only thing I really know about is football. Are you a fan?
It is a great movie. I recommend it for you.
He wrote The Water is Wide, The Prince of Tides and The Lords of Discipline.
I do not know. It was released in 1969
I do not know anything else by Pat Conroy
I hope you enjoy it
The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. The next book in the series is The Titan's Curse.
Ok, Fear Nothing was written by William Nicholson.
No, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that The Battle of the Labyrinth is a novel with a similar genre.
Sure, you're welcome!
Oh yes! That is a great book written by Mickey Knox. What else can I tell you about it?
Well, it's part of a series of books that were written by Mickey Knox. The first is in the same series as Once Upon a Time in the West.
Well it was written by Sergio Leone, who also wrote Once Upon a Time in the West.
It is a crime drama written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
To Kill a Mockingbird, The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate are great drama movies and are in the Drama genre.
The Manchurian Candidate is a 1962 American suspense thriller film directed by Paul Harrington, based on the classic literature of the same name.
The Manchurian Candidate was written by Robert Mulligan.
That is a Zombie Film starring Leonardo DiCaprio. Are you interested in those?
Calvin Harris is a well known DJ that has also wrote some songs like We Found Love, and Dance With Me.
Apparently, he is from Dallas. Do you like his music?
I think they are a good team, but I don't know much about Andy Murray. He isn't a athlete, right?
I like tennis. I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer. What about you?
Woody Harrelson, I think she is the greatest female athlete in the world.
Sure. She wrote The Journals of Sylvia Day. Have you heard of it?
I am not sure on it's genre
Your welcome
Rob Riggle has starred in Unaccompanied Minor, The Other Guys, The Hangover. Have you seen any of those?
I don't know what songs by her, but I do like Lady Gaga and Katy Perry right?
I don't know much about her. Is she a singer or a singer?
Sia Furler is pretty cool. I haven't heard much of her music, but I have heard Shakira is great. I like Selena Gomez and Rihanna too. I haven't heard of them lately.
I haven't heard of Lyricist but I've heard good songs. I will check it out!
I know that he is a cricket player from Dehli. Are you a fan of cricket?
What sport do you like?
Yes, she was in that movie as well.
Absolutely! Bob Peck starred in Surviving Picasso and Lord of the Flies. Have you seen those?
Bill Paxton also starred in Tower Heist, which is a great film.
Yes, that is a great movie. Kevin Costner produced it and starred in it as well. He is a great actor.
1989 was when Field of Dreams was released. Kevin Costner also released in 1989.
Of it's genres, do you prefer Fantasy or Adventure?
Certainly! A couple of my favorites are World War Z and White Fang. Have you seen any of those?
It's an excellent Fantasy movie released in 2006 and directed by James Cameron.
Yes, he is. Kevin Zegers also starred in the Juck Everlasting. Have you seen that one?
No problem!
Can You Keep a Secret was written by Sophie Kinsella, who also wrote Wedding Night and The Undomestic Goddess. Heard of either of these?
She also wrote Wedding Night and Twenties Girl
Yes she does! She also writes dramas as well. Have you heard of her?
It is a good book. Enjoy!
Sure. Have a great day!
I know he plays cricket, but I don't watch much myself.
I'm not a fan of cricket, but I do know it's pretty good.
Well, from what I've heard, it's considered team in the US/Fantasy genre. It's about a boy who plays for the Indian National Football team as a forward.
Sure, did you like Sharp Objects because it was written by Gillian Flynn, or because it was the genre Suspense/Mystery?
I'm not sure if she has other books similar to Sharp Objects, but I can recommend some other titles similar to Sharp Objects.
It was released in 2014. She also wrote Sharp Objects and Dark Places.
Sure! Dominic Copper starred in Warcraft and The History Boys.
Yes, it's a musical as well.
You are welcome! Have you seen it? It also starred Charlize Theron.
You are welcome!
Anne-Marie is a singer. Is that who you mean?
I think they hang in there as they finally got into the World Series recently after losing back in 1945!
Yes, I love them! I'm from San Francisco, so I've heard they're doing well this year.
No, I've never seen it. It was good. It was good. It sure is a great place.
I don't know of him, he's a quarterback for the Green Bay Packers!
It was released in 1986.
Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger. Have you read either of these books?
She also wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger.
It is children's literature. Do you like children's literature?
I don't know too much about Phil Mickelson, is he in the 2010 Masters Tournament?
He is also a golfer. He won the 2010 Masters Tournament, did you know that?
Yeah, it is! It is a drama, comedy, and drama. It also stars Adrian Peterson.
Great! Weeds is also considered a comedy.
Sure! He wrote The War of the Worlds, The Time Machine and The Invisible Man
I'm not sure when it was released. But if you like Sci-Fi you might also like X-Men released in 2010.
Nope! I loved Caddyshack. It is a great comedy drama movie.
You're welcome!
The movie A Space Odyssey is starring Daniel Stern.
He is a pretty good shooting guard, plus he won the NBA sixth Man of the Year Award.
I don't know much about that. I have heard of him he is a good shooting guard.
You're welcome!
I am not a fan of the Yankees. They are in the American League which is the same as the Baltimore Orioles which is my favorite team!
I don't know much about the baseball. I do know they are owned by George Steinbrenner.
No, I don't have a lot of information on baseball. What sport do you like?
It is a Psychological thriller that was written by Stephen King. Are you familiar with his work?
Hmm. I don't have that information. Do you have any information about who starred in that movie?
A recent one is Cold Blooded, directed by Peter Hyams. He had a good job in it.
I am not familiar with the football club. I don't follow soccer. Is that your favorite sport?
Yes he is. Are you a fan of the Buccaneers?
Do you know if they have a relationship with them?
Rocky was written by Sylvester Stallone. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
He also starred in The Sorcerer's Apprentice with Jeff Bridges.
Creed is a comedy crime movie directed by Nora Ephron, starring Matt Damon and Josh Brolin.
You're welcome!
Michael Crichton is not only an author but a film producer and director as well. He wrote the book Disclosure. Does this interest you?
The Lost World is a fantasy and historical fiction novel. It's the second book in the series.
You're welcome!
I don't have that information. I know he produced the movie The Good Doctor. Are you familiar with that movie?
Nicole Kidman and Robert Duvall also star in it.
He has played in several movies including The Girl Next Door and The Courier
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen and is a Romance Novel. Do you like romance novels?
The genre for Northanger Abbey is a romance novel.
Sure! Have you read Wreck-It Ralph? That's a good one.
The Time Machine is written by H.G. Wells, who also wrote The Invisible Man.
Have you seen Jurassic World? Colin Trevorrow wrote that.
It is considered a romance and drama.
You may want to check out Shark Night, starring Kyla Pratt.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I liked him in Things Behind The Sun. Did you see that?
Yes, she's great. I think you'll enjoy it.
Yes, it is a drama and drama. It also stars Liam Neeson.
I haven't seen that one yet, I've heard it's very good. I think it's a classic.
I liked them better when Jason Witten was playing, but they're still a pretty good team. Are you a fan of them?
I am not sure about that. Do you have a favorite mascot?
The Broncos tends to bore me. Do you have any information about them?
Irwin kershner directed The Return of a Man Called Horse. Have you seen it?
It stars Harrison Ford and Lukas Haas. It's a Sci-Fi Thriller.
I'm not sure about it. Do you have any information about the other movies he's starred in?
Gillian Flynn. She's from the United States.
Gillian wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, have you read that?
I don't know any authors similar to Gillian Flynn, but I do know that he wrote Dark Places.
Yes, I agree.
I like science fiction. I'm also into speculative fiction.
Great, hope you enjoy!
I know he plays cricket, but I haven't ever really watched it before.
I don't know much about cricket, do you follow it? If so, Virat Kohli is pretty good.
I think he's a pretty good athlete. He won a cricketer of the year.
I have not seen it, but I have heard of it! I enjoy football. My favorite team is the Dodgers. How about you?
My favorite team is the Washington Redskins. Do you like cricket?
You too!
I know they play in the Toyota Center, as well as Leslie Alexander is the owner.
It is both, comedy/crime and a drama. Looper stars Bruce Willis. Have you seen it?
Yeah, Warlock is a great film. Have you seen it?
No, it is a zombie movie. Would you like to know about more zombie movies?
Do you want me to add the movie to your watch list?
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like his work?
He has also written The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. If you're interested in biographies, you'll like it.
She wrote Im Westen nichts neues and Drei Kameraden. Are you into foreign books?
I'm not sure of when they came out, but Im Westen nichts Neues was written in 1929.
Yes, it does have a English translation. This book was written in English.
You're welcome!
I know she is great at tennis and is dating golfer, Rory McElroy
She plays tennis. She has also played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
Yes, Williams sisters are a great tennis player. They have a third-longest unbeaten streak by games. Are you a fan?
Yes I did. I like tennis better than most sports.
I agree, I love fashion.
I do! Did you like it because it was written by Tennessee Williams, or because it was a drama?
Tennessee Williams also starred in Cat on a Hot Tin Roof.
Yes, he also wrote Cat on a Hot Tin Roof
you are welcome
In the Woods was written by Tana French and it is a Mystery. Do you like this genre?
In the Woods is a Novel. Do you have a preference in genre?
You're welcome.
I believe he wrote a book called Thirteen Moons. Have you heard of that book?
Hmm, I don't see see that information. But he has directed several films including Zero Dark Thirty, Salt, and Million Dollar Baby? Have you seen any of those?
You are David Ayer , David Ayer ,Julia Roberts , David Ayer
Sure! Christian Bale starred in Fast Times at Ridgemont High
No problem!
I know they play in the NFL.
The Vikings are 2nd in the NFC North. I believe they are 1st in the NFC North.
I'm a fan of the New York Giants. I'll have to check them out later.
Andrew Garfield starred in The Social Network. Have you seen it?
You are welcome. Robert Downey Jr. also starred in The Social Network.
It is considered a historical drama.
It was released in 1999 and Andrew Garfield starred in The Social Network.
2010 is the genre of The Social Network.
2010 is a movie written and directed by Aaron Sorkin. Aaron Sorkin starred in it.
You're welcome!
Ang Lee starred in Hollywood Chinese with Wayne Wang. Have you seen that yet?
I didn't know about Joan Allen but Tobey Maguire did star in The Ice Storm.
He also wrote The Ice Storm and The Hunted.
Brisingr is a young-adult fiction book written by Christopher Paolini and released in 2014.
Yes, Paolini is a young-adult fiction. He is listed as a Young-adult fiction.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Did you enjoy Throne of Glass because is written by Sarah J. Maas or because it was a thriller?
It was released in 2016. Do you like thrillers?
Great, I think you will enjoy it!
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion, which was released 1817
That's right. Shauna Lynch wrote the book. Would you like me to add the book to your read list?
No, I haven't read that one. I really like Mansfield Park.
I believe she plays professional badminton. I remember when I heard that people played badminton professionally, I couldn't believe it. I used to play all the time as a kid.
I don't know any other players like her. Are you a fan of sports?
I'm not sure. There are many players in the world, including Chris Hemsworth and Eleanor Roosevelt.
Malcolm Gladwell also wrote What the dog saw and other Adventures.
He directed Seven Psychopaths? Do you like dark comedies?
Yes, he was a scientist and also a scientist.
I don't know of any information on Jorge Luis Borges. Sorry.
Robin Williams is an excellent actor. Have you seen Mrs. Doubtfire. That's one of my favorite movies.
Have you seen We Bought a Zoo? It's in the family genre.
Rebecca Hall and Woody Allen are in it. It was a great movie.
You're welcome.
I love the Simpsons! It was written by E.B. White and is a animated film.
It's more of a Gothic fiction genre. Another example of this genre is The Iliad.
It's considered a classic. I'm not sure if it's good to read.
I like the coach Pete Carroll, but I'm not sure if they are doing well. Do you have a favorite football team?
Wow, I didn't know that!
They have not. They have a good coach, Gary Kubiak. They have a good record though.
Yes it stars Sandra Bullock and Ryan Reynolds.
Mary Steenburgen (who's been around for a long time) and Craig T. Nelson (of course).
Sure, Oceanss 8 a spin off of Oceans's 8 a spin off of Oceans's 8. There is a new movie coming out about that
He wrote The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October. Have you read those books?
It was released in 2015 and is in the English language.
Yes it has. He also wrote The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October.
They are in the NBA and owned by The Madison Square Garden Company.
The owner is Mike Woodson
No,I am not sure. They are a part of the NFC South
You're welcome
It was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Ralph Fiennes and Colin Farrell.
I can tell you that Colin Farrell starred in Minority Report, which also starred Tom Hanks. Would you like to know more about him?
I sure do. Seven Psychopaths is another popular one that I've seen. Have you seen it?
You're welcome! Enjoy.
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
John Fox, Jim Henson, and he is a prominent athlete in the National Football Conference.
Sure, it has Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, and Michelle Rodriguez in it. Do you like them?
I do like that one. I think it was written by Gary Scott Thompson. Have you seen it?
I heard Michael Irby was also in Terminator 2: Judgement Day with Joe Morton. I think you'll enjoy that one.
I will play it for you
Have you seen the whole series? Do you like Sci-Fi?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it is based on the book.
Okay, great! I hope you enjoy it!
No problem! Enjoy!
Yes, she is an athlete, a professional golfer from Dallas.
No, I don't know if he is in Dallas. Is he a sport team?
No, that's the same.
Yes, she is an author. She wrote I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings. Have you read that?
Yea, she's a poet. She also wrote Three Cups of Tea. You might like that one.
Sure, it was first published in 1851.
Sure, I hope you enjoy them!
Sure do you read Russian?
James Franco is a wonderful actor. His most well-known role is probably from Spiderman with Toby McGuire. Have you seen that version?
This is the End stars Seth Rogen and James Franco. It is a comedy starring Seth Rogen.
It is a comedy.
You're welcome.
You're welcome!
He plays soccer for FC Barcelona, right? Other than that, I do not know much.
I don't know much about him except that he plays midfielder
Yeah that was a great drama flick!
Doctor Zhivago is a great movie! It also stars Margot Robbie.
Sure, it was written by Rick Riordan and it's a young-adult fiction book.
Yes he did and it's a great book! The Sea of Monsters is a Fantasy book
Great, it is a young adult novel, do you like young adult?
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
it has genre Historical fiction
Mary Ann Shaffer starred in The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
I do! He starred in Imagine That. Have you seen it?
Ray Bradbury wrote many books. What kind od genre are you interested in? Speculative fiction, Short Stories
Some of his more romance novels are Fahrenheit 451 and Wicked Lovely
It was released in 1851
Sure. You are welcome
I don't know much other than he plays for the Chile national football team. Do you like soccer?
No, I haven't. Do you have any idea of him?
Haha, I love that movie. Adam Sandler is a great actor. Did you know Adam Sandler starred in that movie?
Definitely. Grown Ups is a great comedy too. He's a great actor.
Yes, she was in Frida. You should check that out if you like her.
Joe Morton wrote What Lies Beneath that has genre Young-adult fiction. Have you heard of this book?
You may like Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee and Kyla Pratt.
Great! Total Recall is a great movie.
Enjoy your movie
Yes, Saina Nehwal is a famous badminton player from India. Are you a fan of this sport?
I believe he was in the 1992 Summer Olympics.
Yes he is, and he is also from the Oklahoma City.
Do you like Thor because it's a drama?
Ok. Stan Lee, Emma Stone, Chris Hemsworth are some of my favorite movies. I would suggest Iron Man if you haven't seen it.
He starred in some great movies like The Incredible Hulk, Thor and The Incredible Hulk.
I prefer the older movie if you haven't seen any of his movies. The movie starred Robert Downey Jr., Thor and The Incredible Hulk.
He's a writer. He wrote The Butterfly Effect.
The Butterfly Effect is a thriller film and the Final Destination 2 is the first in the series.
I have heard of the Butterfly Effect. It is a psychological thriller starring Hal Hartley and Kenneth Rogen.
William Lee Scott also wrote, To Kill a Mockingbird, The Butterfly Effect and The Final Destination.
October Sky is a Crime Fiction Film starring James Patterson.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
She's great. I haven't seen any of her movies. But, I watched the movie Crossroads.
Emir Kusturica also starred in Pauly Shore is Dead. Have you seen it?
She starred in the movie 8 mile. That was a great movie.
300 is directed by him.
I'm not sure of the genre. It's a fantasy, family film and fantasy.
It starred J.K. Simmons, Jessalyn Gilsig, and Debra Winger.
Geraldine Chaplin and Sam Rockwell starred in this movie.
Yes! It's a great movie. It's stars Kill Bill: Vol. 1 and it's directed by Quentin Tarantino
Timothy Omundson starred in it. It's a great movie.
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion, which was released 1817
Yes, she did write Persuasion. She also wrote Mansfield Park.
Yes! It is a film adaptation. Have you seen the film?
Sure, it is written by Cassandra Clare and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction books?
The Shadowhunter's Codex, The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass. Great book!
I'm not sure about that but the book was made into a movie.
Tom Cruise starred in Mission impossible Rogue Nation so if you like him he also starred in Valkyrie.
I do not think so. Tom cruise starred in Days of Thunder but he did star in that movie.
You might like World War Z if you like Tom's more.
You are welcome.
I heard they won the Super Bowl XXXV Champs.
I like the Washington Redskins, how about you?
Yeah, I'm a Niners fan for sure. My favorite team is the Redskins. What about you?
The book was written by Jodi Picoult, who also wrote The Plain Truth.
Sure! Jodi Picoult also wrote The Tenth Circle. Have you read that one?
No, I don't have any information on that.
I don't watch much soccer, I prefer American football, do you watch any other sports?
I agree, do you watch any other sports?
I agree, it is a lot of fun to watch. My son likes it.
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing, The Diviners of Grace, The Diviners and Rebel Angels, among others.
The Sweet Far Thing is fantasy and The Diviners is fantasy. Do you like fantasy genres?
I don't have any information on that, but I can tell you that The Sweet Far Thing is in the fantasy genre. Is that something you'd like?
Yes Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
No, but Milan Kundera is from Poland.
Do you need any more information about Milan Kundera?
I like him, he is my favorite quarterback on my favorite team, the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
I'm not sure, but I do know that Drew Brees is a part of the NFC South.
You're welcome.
Yes she is professional golfer. She plays golf and is from Honolulu.
I don't know much about her, but she was born in Honolulu.
Wow, I did not know that. Thanks for the info.
Yes, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like action movies?
Bodyguard starred Robert Downey Jr and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Sure, it was released in 1991. Have you seen the movie?
You are welcome, enjoy!
I do! Did you know he was married to Cameron Diaz who starred in Shrek 2?
Really? I don't know much. I do know that he is a musician as well.
I think he is now married to Michael Jackson. I think he has had a long career.
Do you like animated Disney films?
The Golden Compass is a Disney movie. Have you seen it?
The Running Man is a good one. It's also a Fantasy.
Sure, she wrote The Ship of Brides and also The One Plus One. Have you read either one?
It's considered a Romance novel.
I hope you enjoy it.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the series The Oz Books. The next in the series is The Oz Books.
Yes, it's a great book. I have to add it to your list. I'm going to add it to your list.
I will! It is one of my favorite thrillers.
I don't know much about tennis, but I have seen him lose to Rafael Nadal a few times.
I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer. What about you?
I don't know much about tennis but I do know Serena Williams is very good
You're welcome!
Sure! Arthur Conan Doyle wrote The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes, The Complete Sherlock Holmes, and The Return of Sherlock Holmes. Do any of these sound interesting to you?
Great choice! The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was released on 1895. It was also made into a movie.
Yellow Wallpaper was written by Arthur Conan Doyle. It's a detective fiction. Do you like detective fiction books?
He wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke.
Have you read The Golden Compass or Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban?
You are welcome!
The Insurgent is written by Veronica Roth as well as was released in 2012. Are you familiar with her work?
Veronica Roth also wrote Insurgent. It was released in 2012.
Yes it is written by Veronica Roth and its a fantasy novel.
You're welcome. Anything else I can help with?
I have heard of him he composed Jar of Hearts didn't he?
Lovestrong is a good song. Do you know what else she plays?
I don't think she has a band. I wonder if she does or play in movies?
Sure! Do you like Thor because it's a thriller?
Sure. The Last Samurai and The Green Mile are two popular movies he was in.
No problem!
Sure. Jodi Picoult wrote Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts. Have you read those yet?
Where There's Smoke is a novel also written by Jodi Picoult. Have you read it?
It falls under the genre of Speculative Fiction and Fictional.
He is a soccer player and has played for Real Madrid and Fluminense FC.
Yes, I do! Who is your favorite player?
The Patriots are my favorite team. Who is yours?
I do not like Cleveland, but i know some of the players.
I've never really followed him. I know he is a good player though. I like basketball. My favorite team is the Browns. Do you have a favorite team?
I don't know too much about it, but I do know that he is a good coach for the Browns.
Sure! Peter Weir directed Dead Poets Society which stars Robin Williams. Have you seen that one?
Yes he did. Peter Weir also directed Witness.
I know her, she's great. Did you know she starred in Spring Breakers
I like her too! Have you seen her movie Crossroads?
Of course! Lois Lowry is a good one.
Sure. Lois Lowry also wrote Anastasia Krupnik and The Giver. Are you interested in this genre?
Yes it is. It was written by Orson Scott Card and released in 1991.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Yes, Rosemary Wells wrote Charlottes Web, the Children's Literature. She's a poet who also wrote Charlottes Web
It was! Rosemary Wells and Jack Nicholson starred in it. The movie was released in 1996.
You are welcome!
Bradly Cooper starred in The Words, The Pacifier, and World War Z. Have you seen any of those movies?
Some blockbuster comedy movies are Twenty-One Balloons and The Sleeping Doll.
Sure. Submarine is a thriller and drama. Do you like thrillers?
He was in Star Wars!
Your welcome!
Sure. This book is written by Douglas Adams and he wrote Life, the Universe and Everything too.
Sure! Douglas Adams also wrote Mostly Harmless and he wrote Last Chance to See.
It was released in 1996 and is in the English language. Would you like to hear more of Douglas Adams books?
Sure! The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul is written by Douglas Adams as well.
Absolutely! I hope you enjoy them!
I really like their K-Pop style of music! Have you heard of them?
I like Nsync, a lot of different people. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I like them too. They really do a great job with them.
I think they are a pretty good team. Do you like Football?
Yes, and he was a linebacker.
I like basketball and baseball. Do you have a favorite sport?
Well, James Frain who is in it is also in Transit (Crime Fiction Film).
It is a science fiction action film. Is that what you would like?
You are welcome.
L.A. Confidential is a thriller starring Matt Damon and Josh Brolin. Do you like thrillers?
Suicide Squad is similar to L.A. Confidential.
You are welcome.
Taxi Driver starred Charlize Theron and Tom Hanks. It was a good movie
I have not seen it but I do know that it is a comedy too.
Yes, that is a great movie with Denzel Washington. It is a comedy too. Have you seen it?
I hope you enjoy them!
Sure! He wrote Unlawful Entry and The Vatican Tapes.
Yes, you're right. Rufus Sewell also starred in Underworld and The Mammoth Hunter.
You might also enjoy the Princess and the Frog or The Devil's Advocate.
The Pianist is a great movie. If you haven't seen it I'd suggest The Mammoth Hunter.
You're welcome.
I don't know too much about tennis but I do know she has beaten Wozniacki before.
No, I had no idea. What genre is that?
All I know about her is that Serena Williams starred in Vanilla Sky.
I can't remember when Serena starred in Palm Beach.
He directed the movie The Illusionist. Were you aware that it's a thriller?
It's a action film.
You may want to check out Without Limits by Neil Burger. It's a thriller.
You're welcome.
Sure! Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Have you read Under the Tuscan Sun? It is a great book.
It was written by J.K. Rowling. It was released in 2013 and is in the Science Fiction genre. Do you like that genre?
Sure. Enjoy!
Sure, another book like Silence would be Broken Silence.
Broken Silence was released in 1996. It also was directed by Roland Emmerich.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! Did you like it because it was written by Lauren Oliver or because it is a speculative fiction genre?
Pandemonium was written by Lauren Oliver. Would you like other books in the speculative genre?
It was written by Robert Zemeckis. It's a great book.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I love her music! Did you know she is friends with Sean Penn?
Vanilla Ice has a genre of prose fiction. You should check it out. It's a good one.
You are right. I think he is a good singer. Do you know if he recently made a movie with him?
Yeah she is in a couple of good movies. She was also in The Tree of Life.
I will have to check it out. Thanks for the information.
Yes, Woody Allen starred in Burn After Reading.
No, I don't have that information.
Of course. Have a great day!
It is written by Henning Koch and released in 2012.
Yes it is in English, and released in 2012.
Of course! Henning Koch released in 2014 and wrote Britt-Marie var här.
Sure. James Patterson wrote Zoo and You've Been Warned, among others. Are you interested in any of those?
He did write Zoo also. It's a crime fiction.
Your welcome. It's a good book.
Yes, I do. Do you like Forrest Gump because it stars Tom Hanks?
He's done a lot of movies. He's been in The Polar Express. That's a great movie too.
It directed by Tom Hanks. He also directed Larry Crowne. It's a great movie!
You're welcome!
Sure! He directed a lot of great films, including Requiem for a Dream, The Wrestler and The Fountain. Have you seen any of these?
It is a drama directed by J.J Abrams, released in 2011
Mickey Rourke starred in Requiem of a Dreams and The Wrestler.
Yes, he directed Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that? It stars Robert Duvall.
Apocalypse Now stars Francis Ford Coppola and Apocalypse Now.
It's a political drama, and Apocalypse Now is a political drama.
Sure it was written by Simon Kinberg and stars Vince Vaughn and Stephanie March. Are you interested in movies with those actors or writer ?
It is a good movie. It's a great movie. It was released in 2013 and directed by Matt Damon.
Of course! The Date Night is a sequel to The Bourne Identity, which is also a thriller.
You're welcome!
Yes, she wrote The Pillars of the Earth and Captian America: The Winter Soldier.
Eddie Redmayne also starred in The Pillars of the Earth. Do you like him?
It is a horror movie. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome. I'll send it to you.
I have not really followed them much as it seems they float around between the AFL and the NFL.
I don't know much about football. I'm a patriots fan. Do you have a patriots fan?
Beatty isn't doing well but he did star in that movie called Nicky Katt. Have you seen that movie?
It has a great cast. It's a sci-fi, action, and adventure movie. Do you like those genres?
Yes, she has starred in that movie as well and it has a genre of Science Fiction.
I believe so. I have no idea who her father is.
I'm not sure of the information but I can tell you that Nicky Katt starred in The Brave One and he has a role in it.
You're welcome.
E. Lockhart wrote The Disreputable History of Frankie Landaue-Banks, and The City of Ember. Have you read any of these?
It was released in 1929.
If you like poetry, you might like The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks.
You're welcome!
Yes, Seven Pounds starring Will Smith is a great drama. Willie Garson also starred in it.
No problem. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes! Unknown is also a film. It's a drama.
Yes it was. It was released in 2001. It's a really good foreign film.
I hope you enjoy it.
I know he's an athlete, a footballer from Wales that played on their national football team.
I believe he is a midfielder. You know what he's a midfielder?
No, I haven't. But he is from Wales
She is a singer-songwriter from Nashville. Are you a fan of hers?
I don't know much about her music, but I do know she has a good voice. Do you know what kind of music she plays?
Okay, I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the information.
I have not, but it was written by Joseph Conrad. Do you like the author or genre?
I have not seen it, but if you like The Silence of the Lambs I know it is great!
I do! Anthony Hopkins is a great actor. I know he produced The Silence of the Lambs. Do you know him?
Emily Griffin is a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
It was released in 2012 and written in English.
Yes, it's a movie. Nick Cassavetes and Jada Pinkett Smith also played in it.
You're welcome.
Kazuo Ishiguro wrote Never let me go.
I really liked When we Were Very Young. It is a poetry. Do you like poetry?
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you that it is a Science Fiction novel.
Your welcome!
He is a Polish footballer. He plays for Legia Warsaw. Do you like soccer?
He plays the Midfielder
He was born in Lushan, Poland. He's a forward!
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren. what else can i do for you today?
The Selection is a fantasy novel written by Kiera Cass. Kiera Cass also wrote The Siren.
You are welcome, hope you enjoy it!
You are welcome, enjoy!
Did you like X-Men because it starred Hugh Jackman or because it was Sci-Fi?
I haven't seen that one, but I heard it was good. I think Alonzo Mourning was in it. He also directed it.
Simon McBurney and Elijah Wood were in it. It's a great movie.
You are right. I think I had a regular appearance on that show as well.
Yes, Gone Girl is speculative fiction and science fiction. Do you like those genres?
Yea, I haven't read it yet. But, I've heard it's very good. Have you read it?
You're welcome!
I do, Life of Pi is written by Yann Martel. What else can I do for you?
It was written by Jason Statham and starred Russell Crowe. It is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
It is considered a Mystery, similar to Zoe's Tale.
Sure, The Tipping Point book is a book written by Patrick Rothfuss, do you like his books?
The author is Gladwell. He also wrote What the dog Saw and Other Adventures.
I am not sure about that. I do know that Malcolm Gladwell also wrote Outliers: The Story of Success.
You're welcome.
Sure! Doug Liam has directed The Bourne Legacy. It's a drama film. Do you like drama?
Fair Game is a drama starring Valerie Plame
The White House Down is a great action film
Jamie Lee Curtis and Dwayne Johnson
He directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, and Amadeus. Would you like to see something he was in?
He also directed Amadeus Mozart. Have you seen that movie?
Sure. You're welcome.
C. S. Lewis wrote it and released it in 1953. He also wrote The Chronicles of Narnia - the Lion, the Witch, and The Wardrobe. I think you'd like it too.
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is a fantasy novel written by C.S. Lewis. It is the next in the series of books.
Sure! The Silver Chair was released in 1953. It is a fantasy novel.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
He's that Cricket player from New Delhi. He's known for his Right-arm Leg spin.
I don't really know anything about cricket. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
No, I haven't. Is he a good athlete?
I like most of his music from Maroon 5 and I like him on the Voice. Do you like the Voice?
I don't know of any movies he has starred in. I know he is also a musician, artist, and film producer.
Yes, there is one A Walk in the Woods, which is a popular one.
It was written by James Frey. Do you enjoy speculative fiction?
Sure. He's also written The Big Lebowski as well as A Million Little Pieces. Are you familiar with either?
You're welcome. Happy to help.
You're welcome.
Michael Crichton is similar to Michael Crichton.
he has written a lot of books including The Making of star wars
it is a thriller novel, do you like thriller genre?
you're welcome!
I do not know much about him other than he plays German football.
I like baseball, football, and soccer. What about you?
Yes, I like watching basketball. Football is my favorite too.
Sure! Ken Kesey wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest & he starred in Go Further.
Yes he is! He wrote "Go Further."
I don't have any additional information on Sometimes a Great Notion. But he is a writer as well.
Sure! You are going to enjoy the book.
Sure, Paulo Coelho was influenced by James Cameron. Do you like the author?
I can't find any information on what else he wrote but
It's a fiction.
Great! Hope you enjoy it!
Sure, G.O.T Tom Brady is a professional footballer who plays as a forward for the New England Patriot.
Matt Damon and Dane Cook also starred in it. It's a comedy
Eva Mendes starred in the Comedy drama, Summer of Sam, which also starred Richard Condon
Yes it is a great movie. It starred Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Hanks. Do you like war movies?
Bradley Cooper was in The Words, a mystery film. He was also in American Sniper.
It's a drama. It's also a comedy.
You're welcome!
I do, actually! I know that he wrote The Last Samurai and directed by Steven Spielberg.
Gangs of New York starring Daniel Day-Lewis of course.
You may also like The Hand of Darkness with Robert De Niro.
You might also enjoy The Warrior's Way if you like dramatic movies.
No problem. It's a comedy that also stars Robert De Niro.
You're right! It also stars Matthew McConaughey and Eliza Coupe.
You're welcome.
Yes, all three of the films, plus the Christmas film Toy Story and Toy Story 2.
Yes, he also wrote That Thing You Do.
Larry Crowne was produced by J.K. Rowling. He also produced it, directed and produced it.
Larry Crowne is a Drama and Romance Film.
I will have to check it out. Thanks for the information.
You're welcome!
Yes I can! I highly recommend Kingdom of Heaven.
Yes, Liam Neeson also starred in Ugly Betty, which is a fantasy film.
The Lord of the Rings was written by J.R.R. Tolkien.
You are welcome, enjoy!
I am not a big football fan but I know they are coached by Mike Pettine and owned by Randy Lerner
Yes, the same year they won the Super Bowl XLVII though.
I like the Dallas Cowboys, but they haven't had a long time. They just won the super bowl XLVII though. My favorite team is the Washington Redskins.
I am not a big baseball fan, I do know they are coached by John Farrell
Yes, he is
Me either but I haven't seen the movie a few times as a person.
I did not see The Women of Brewster Place - I will have to watch that one. Thanks for the recommendation
He wrote The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, A Princess of Mars and some more. Are you interested in any of these books?
Yes, it is. He also wrote The War of the Worlds.
You are welcome. Glad I could help.
Would you like recommendations for movies similar to Divergent?
Divergent is from the Utopian and Dystopian fiction genre
you're welcome
Did you like the fantasy genre or the actors in it?
It starred Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Yeah, she is! My favorite song of hers is WTA. Have you heard of it?
Yes, she does. She also composed A Bug's Life as well.
I am not a rap guy. I have no idea about that, what is it about?
Yes it was written by Jhumpa Lahiri
Yes I do. It is a fiction.
I do like Shark Night. It is a thriller.
Dr. Seuss wrote The Lorax and The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss. Do you like the author or genre?
Theodore Lesieg also wrote Theodore Lesieg
Yes The Lorax was released in 1999
You'll like Welcome to the Monkey House if you like non-fiction
Your Welcome
I'm not a huge football fan, I think they are doing well this season though
I am a New York Jets fan. Are you a Redskins fan?
It was written by Alex Garland and it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
He also wrote Never let me go which is a science-fiction as well.
Yes he sure has. It's a film that was released in 2015. It's considered science-fiction as well.
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
I sure do! Ruben Fleischer directed great movie called Gangster Squad. Have you seen it?
It was released in 1946
It is considered a drama
Your welcome
I do! The book Luftslottet som sprängdes was written by Stieg Larsson and Reg Keeland.
I'm not sure if it's two books written by Stieg Larsson, but I do know that he was influenced by Kurt Vonnegut. Would you like to know more about this book?
I don't know any others, but I do know he was influenced by Agatha Christie, who also wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes.
Sure! He directed Seven Samurai and directed Seven Samurai. Do you like Japanese films?
As a matter of fact, Akira Kurosawa starred in the movie Akira.
Two similar movies you might enjoy are Yojimbo and Ran.
Glad I could help.
The Good, the Bad, the Weird is a great one similar to Oldboy.
Confessions is starring Jason Seyfried. what else can i answer for you?
Annie Hall is a great comedy film. Anything else i can answer for you?
you are welcome
I don't know much about them. They're owned by Wayne Weaver and Shahid Khan, right?
I like the Washington Redskins, and my favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks.
I didn't know that! I hope they have a good season this year.
Yes, I do. He was in The Wiz. Have you seen it?
Yes! He was in Men in Black II. That was a good movie starring Tom Hanks.
He was also in The Girl Next Door. Have you seen that one?
Yeah, Scream is a horror. Is that what you are looking for?
You may like Fantastic Mr. Fox or Shaun of the Dead. Have you seen any of these?
Brad Pitt also starred in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade.
I do like them. The Red Sox are coached by John Farrell.
It's a good team. If you like Orioles, you might want to try the Dodgers or the Dodgers.
Okay. They're doing okay in the AFC South division.
He is best known for his movie Night Watch, and then he wrote Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter.
Sure! Night Watch is a horror film directed by Brian Reeves. It stars Ralph Fiennes who is a great actor.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes. Bryan Singer directed The Usual Suspects, X-Men, X-Men 2. Have you seen any of these?
Yes, he is in it. He plays the lead role.
That's correct. It also starred Channing Tatum and Oliver Platt.
I'm pretty sure he's a great actor. He starred in The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide: Five Complete Novels and One Story.
It was released in 1996, the same year as The Green Mile
Do you want me to add this book to your list?
Ok, enjoy!
What a great movie! Are you a fan of Marlon Brando?
Ok, he wrote The Godfather Part II and The Apocalypse Now.
Great! Marlon Brando starred in a lot of Marlon Brando's movies, including The Godfather. Have you seen that one?
Great! Marlon Brando starred in The Godfather, which is a drama film.
Yes, he also wrote The Godfather II. Have you seen that one?
I will have to check that out, thanks for the information!
They are a strong team in the NFL. Their coach Mike McCarthy is really talented. I wonder if they are doing well this season though.
Oh wow! He is one of the most important founders of all time. Have you heard of him?
Who isn't! He is from Pittsburgh isn't? I am a huge fan of the business world.
I don't know much about football. I'm more of a Bears fan. They're having a bad season. They're having a good season. They're having a good season this year.
Ok. Are you a big fan of any other teams?
I like baseball too! I'm a Padres fan.
This movie stars Zooey Deschanel
Yes, Pruitt Taylor Vince starred in Beautiful Creatures, along with Zoey Deutch.
You're welcome. It was a great film. It was released in 1995.
Yes. The Namesake is a novel written by Jhumpa Lahiri
Well, it's in the genre of Mystery, which is also in the same genre.
Xenocide is a science fiction novel by Orson Scott Card.
I hope you enjoy it!
Thomas F. Wilson starred in Zoom. Have you seen this movie?
Thomas F. Wilson also starred in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
Enjoy!
Blake Shelton is a country singer, do you like country?
God Gave Me You is a good record label. He has a record label like Never Let You Go, Wild Ones and Do You Love Me.
I don't have that information, but he has some good music, do you know who he is?
Yes I can. Sara Shepard wrote the book Winnie-the Pooh.
Yes it was called Pretty Little Liars. It's a TV series by Sara Shepard.
I recommend Pretty Little Liars. It was released in 2002 and also stars Justin Timberlake.
You're welcome! Have a great day.
I think they are a good team. Especially having Peter Reid in their team. Do you like them?
I love soccer. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
Do you have a favorite college football team?
I don't know much about them. Are they a football team?
I'm pretty sure Mike Tomlin is a member of the Pittsburgh Steelers. He's a midfielder as well.
I didn't know that. I'm more of a fan of football, but I do know the team is owned by Jim Irsay.
Yes I do! He starred in The Storm and Thelma & Louise.
Sean Penn starred in it. He's a great actor.
I will send it now. Enjoy!
You're welcome!
Laura Esquivel wrote Como agua para chocolate and she is also a teacher.
That was also the year.
Yes she did! She is a great writer.
You're welcome
The Memory Keeper's daughter original language is English
My apologies. I don't have any authors similar to her.
Your welcome. Hope you enjoy
I do! Defending Jacob is one of my favorites.
It is a movie also starring Daniel Day-Lewis
It's a thriller. If you haven't seen it, I recommend it.
Well I do know Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors, did you know that?
It was released in 1867
Your Welcome
The Tragedy of Julius Caesar is written by Shakespeare.
Sure! What You Will is a romance novel that was written by Shakespeare in 1595.
I hope you like it! Have a good day.
He's directed several films such as The Imitation Game and Headhunters. Do you like his movies?
The Headhunters stars Rory Kinnear and Benedict Cumberbatch as the headhunters.
Okay, great. I hope you enjoy the information.
Sure! A Thousand Splendid Suns is written by the same author!
Sure. A Thousand Splendid Suns is another one he wrote. Have you heard of it?
Great, enjoy!
Not much of a soccer fan. Would you like to know more about him?
It has a genre of Historical Fiction and Film produced by Damien Chazelle and is also in Comedy genre.
It is about a murder which takes place in the United States of America.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
She starred in Wonder Women 2017, also in Solider 1998
Exactly. It is about a mysterious assassin working for a group of people.
Sure! Enjoy!
He is. I haven't followed his snowboarding career much, but he was good in Friends with Benefits.
I can tell you that Shaun White starred in it as well as being a writer.
I didn't know she was on that show but she did star in Who's the Boss?
Yes I would! It was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is a Speculative Fiction. Do you enjoy that genre?
It's considered Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
In the same genre, the book was written by Harper Lee. Would you like to hear other books in that genre?
Then you might like the thriller The Manchurian Candidate written by Harper Lee.
You're welcome!
The Last Lecture was released in 2008 a non fiction genre. It shows it was written by two different authors.
I'm not sure about that, but he did star in Star Trek.
Will do, would you like to know other facts about him?
Yes, Jonathan Levine directed The Wackness, starring Mary Kate Olsen. It's a romantic comedy
The Wackness is a drama and comedy.
Tom Wilkinson stars in Wackness. Would you like to know more about him?
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Of course! Treasure Island was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. You might also like The Man in the High Castle.
Great choice, he also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Ok, Let me know if you need anything else.
Great, I will add it to your list.
I can tell you he directed some really good thrillers...The Ghost Writer and Rosemarys baby to name a few.
Would you like to hear about other movies he wrote in?
2008
Writter Suzanne Collins also wrote Gregor the Overlander and Mockingjay.
Yes, Jack London starred in Toy Story 3. Jack London starred in this movie.
Yes, and it also have been made into a movie.
You're welcome, I'm happy to help.
Sure! The Film, Donnie Darko is a Sci-Fi movie written by Richard Kelly and stars Seth Rogen. Are you familiar with this actor?
Seth Rogan also starred in the hit movie A Bug's Life. Have you heard of this movie?
James Franco is a great actor. He was also in The Hangover.
I don't have any information on other movies he's been in but he was in Chasing Harry which is a comedy.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that it was produced by Peter Hyams.
Of course! She wrote Frankenstein. It also goes by the title The Modern Prometheus.
Frankenstein is a Modern Prometheus is a novel.
It is written in 1818.
You're welcome!
Fight Club is written by Jim Uhls and Chuck Palahniuk.
Brad Pitt, Edward Norton and Ben Stiller starred in Fight Club. Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome, I'm happy to help.
Yes, He wrote Im Westen nichts Neues in 1929.
He is a translator and translated books from German to English. Are you interested in English?
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes he directed The Siege.
Yes. Denzel Washington did star in The Siege. He's a great actor.
You should watch The Siege or The Last Samurai if you haven't seen them.
You're right. Snoop Dogg also starred in The Preacher's War.
You are correct. He was in Volcano High.
You're welcome.
I like their mascot Mr. Met. Do you like them?
I agree. There are a lot of interesting stadiums in that area.
I like the Dodgers and the Dodgers. They have a lot of good players on the Red Sox, right?
Sure! He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
It was released in 2005.
I don't have that information but I do know it was released in 2009 and also starred Samuel L. Jackson.
Sure. Enjoy the movie!
I know he wrote The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly. Have you read that one?
Yes, he did. Eli Wallach also starred in The Good and the Bad and the Ugly.
He also starred in Once Upon a Time in the West and Once Upon a Time in the West.
Sure, The Waste of Shame and Once Upon a Time in the West are also great movies with the same genre.
You got it! Have you seen The Good and the Bad and the Ugly or Once Upon a Time in the West?
You are welcome.
Some of his books are Timequake and Welcome to the Monkey House. Have you heard of them?
I don't know any other Authors but Kurt Vonnegut Jr. wrote a book called Welcome to the Monkey House. Would you like to know more?
Some other speculative fiction books are Welcome to the Monkey House and We have Life of Pi.
He has directed several movies. One of them is Unstoppable. Have you seen it?
Daniel Radcliffe stars in it. Do you like him?
I'm not sure what else he's in, but he was also in The Civil War.
Sure! He starred in Unlawful Entry and The Vatican Tapes.
It came out in 1985 and starred Carmen Argenziano.
Great choice! Jim Carrey and Cristo Shopov as well.
Brad Garrett starred in Underdog ,The Pacifier,The Country Bears and The Clockwork Girl among other movies
The film is a comedy about a flesh eating form-less space blob that fell into this young adult fiction.
Jay Leno has starred in many movies, including Who's That Girl, and The Nut Job. Have you seen any of those?
They aren't my favorite team but they have won a few Super Bowls.
If I'm not mistaken, they also owns the Philadelphia Eagles. They're owned by Jeffrey Lurie.
I love the New Orleans Saints, but I'm a Cowboys fan.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. What's your favorite team?
Ara Celi has most starred in American Beauty, alongside Peter Gallagher, it's a Drama and is really good!
Kevin Spacey and Annette Bening star in it. Do you like their movies?
Yes, it is. If you haven't seen it, I definitely recommend it.
I do too, it stars William Hurt and Ty Burrell.
I can recommend The Incredible Hulk starring William Hurt and Ty Burrell.
Yes, it was released in 2010. It also has Action and Adventure genre.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Do you like Die Hard because it's a thriller?
Then you will like White House Down. Gone Baby Gone
Sure. I could recommend a sequel, World War Z: A Space Odyssey, if you like War Z.
Sure, he also starred in The Castle and The Troyer. Have you seen any of those?
Sure, do you need any more assistance?
Yes, Peter Krause starred in We Don't Live Here Anymore, The Truman Show, and The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen any of these?
I believe she is the girl from the Rings. I do not have that information at this moment.
Naomi Watts has also starred in Hercules which is a drama. If you are looking for a specific genre, she has a great cast!
Yes. X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a sci-fi action/adventure film staring Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman.
Some other Sci-Fi movies you might like are X-Men Origins: Wolverine, it is a thriller sci-fi movie.
It has Ryan Reynolds, Eddie Izzard, and Joe Mantegna starred in it. It's a great comedy film.
You are welcome, Enjoy!
He directed The Incredible Hulk. Have you seen that?
The Transporter stars William Hurt and Jason Bourne. It is considered a martial arts film.
He has starred in many great films, including The Transporter and The Incredible Hulk.
Good Will Hunting is a Romantic Comedy starring Matt Damon, Matt Damon, Matt Damon and many others. Do you like this genre?
Bryce Dallas Howard is the actor. It's a great movie.
Yes, it is. Ben Affleck also wrote The Town.
The Town is a horror movie, and yes, The Town is horror.
You're welcome.
I sure do! I know he wrote A Very Long Engagement which was made into a movie starring Shailene Woodley. Have you seen it?
Sure. Madame Bovary is a romance novel released in 1856.
It was released in 1856. Would you like to know more information about the book?
It is a literary satire. Do you like those genres?
Sure, I would recommend The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
You're welcome!
Collateral stars Tom Cruise .Do you like Thrillers?
Well, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick, and he also directed 2001: A Space Odyssey. Do you like him as a director?
Tom Cruise starred in Vanilla Sky and The Last Samurai. Have you seen any of these?
I don't have that information. However, it was released in 1999.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Bruce Willis also stars in Hudson Hawk
Bruce Willis was in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen that?
The last Boy Scout is a popular one, have you seen it?
ok great. hope you enjoy it
I know he was a songwriter and pianist. Do you like him?
The composer, Get Me Out of My Mind is Bruce Willis
I don't know much about Country music, but I do know some of the musicians are Justin Bieber and Kelly Preston
Sure! Leonard Nimoy starred in The Halloween Tree, Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home, and Land of the Lost. Have you seen those?
Yes, he was in Star Trek III
It was written by Hilda Rosner and Hermann Hesse. It was released in 1922. Do you like the older books?
Sure! You may enjoy Villette and The House of Seven Gables. They are both speculative fiction.
It came out in 1922.
Youre welcome.
I do! Reginald VelJohnson starred in You Again, Wolfen, and Turner and Hooch. Have you seen any of these?
Yes, both great actors. Dwayne Johnson also starred in You Again and You Again. Have you seen those?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote Life of Pi. Have you read that one? It's a fiction novel.
I'm more of an HG Wells fan. I'm sure you would like that one. I highly recommend it.
She did. She also wrote Girl With a Pearl Earring.
It is! I highly recommend it.
I have The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and are written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is written by Robert Louis Stevenson,william shakesphere?
The Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is a good one.
Then I'll have to check that out. Thanks for the information.
I know he is a basketball player but I don't know much about him.
Well he is also a musician and a film producer. Some of his other movies are The Warriors. Have you watched any of them?
Not really, he's a basketball player too.
Sure! Do you like the author Frank McCourt because he wrote Teacher Man?
I think you might enjoy this book. It was released in 2005.
You are welcome
I love this book, it is written by J.R.R Tolkien.
He wrote Zero Dark Thirty. It is a great book. Have you read it?
It was published in 1997. It is also a great movie.
Sure! Enjoy.
I think they're pretty good! Their Forward Gareth Bale is great!
I don't know much about him. I think they are coached by Fernando Hierro.
I heard they are a good team
He is a writer. He has written The Sea Wolf. Are you interested in fiction?
White Fang is considered young adult fiction. Another fiction book you might enjoy is Wuthering Heights.
Million Dollar Baby stars Hilary Swank and Clint Eastwood, do you like them?
Yes, and Richard Gere also starred in Surfer Dude and Chicago Overcoat.
I have not seen it, but I've heard it's good.
Yes, I haven't seen it but I've heard it's very good.
Excellent. Have you seen it?
Do you like comedydies?
It was released in 2009 and is a romance / comedy genre.
Yes, it is a great book written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like speculative fictions?
He wrote and starred in The Casual Vacancy.
You should check it out. I think you'll like it.
There are so many great examples of young adult fiction, including The Running Man and The Ruby in the Smoke.
The Divergent Series is a fantasy book written by Elizabeth George Speare.
You're very welcome!
Andrew Adamson wrote all three Shreks
Sure! Cat's a Woman is one and so is Up in the Air.
I don't really know much about them, I do know they are in the National League and in the American League. Are you a fan?
I haven't been to any other sports besides baseball. I'm a huge fan of the New York Mets.
I don't know about that, but Labyrinth might be a good one to check out.
I sure can! Thomas Lennon starred in The Pacifier, The Fifth Element, and City of Bones. Have you seen any of those?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I don't know much about Chealsea, other than she is an athlete, a footballer.
Woody Harrelson is the coach. Do you know him?
Agreed. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes i can. It starred Orlando Bloom and Johnny Depp. It's a great thriller.
He also wrote The Fault in Our Stars and he directed the movie King Kong.
I do not have that information
I am not a huge football fan but I have seen them a few games. Aren't they in the AFC West?
I haven't a favorite team of the Broncos. I've always been a Panthers fan.
Yeah, he played for the Broncos. I'm not sure if he played football, but he was a pretty good coach.
I do too! I love those dramas.
Sure, no problem.
I've seen them a few times when they've played the Atlanta Braves. Aren't they in the National League?
I'm not a huge fan of that team, but I do know they won the World Series in 2006.
I like sports movies like Field of Dreams. Do you like them?
David Rose, the point guard for the Timberwolves? He's a pretty good player. Don't you think?
I do like them and he plays basketball
No, I haven't seen it before. I know he plays for the Golden State Warriors now
I love Men in Black! It was written by Stephen Spielberg and stars Jim Carrey. Are you familiar with his work?
There are so many great sci-fi films, and some Sci-fi flicks that you might like are Zombieland, X-Men: The Last Stand and World War Z.
No, it was very well received, there are a lot of information for it.
You're welcome.
I sure can! If you haven't seen the Batman Begins trilogy, you'll love The Dark Knight.
I'm not sure about the sequel, but the Dark Knight Rises is written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Prestige.
Happy to help
He wrote The Dragon Keeper. Have you read that?
The Mad Ship was released in 2005. That's a great read.
Sure, Timequake is about time travel. Mother Night is science fiction. Do you like either of those genres?
It's speculative fiction
Another speculative fiction book you might enjoy is The Last Colony or the Sea of Monsters
There's American Psycho, Primal Fear and Seven
Miley Cyrus starred in it.
Lake of Fire stars Jim Carrey and Al Pacino. Do you like these actors?
You're welcome
E.V. Rieu wrote
E.V. Rieu wrote
The Flattered Fish is about Chinese peasants living in a village outside Nanjing, China. He is married to Irina Shayk.
He wrote Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail.
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Your welcome
If you Give a Mouse a Cookie is written by Felicia Bond and was released in 1985. Have you read all the books in the series?
Sorry, I don't have that information.
Great! Hope you enjoy it!
Well, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick, and he also directed 2001: A Space Odyssey. Do you like him as a director?
To Kill a Mockingbird and The Manchurian Candidate are great examples of this genre.
The second movie in that series is called Infinite Jest.
Great! I hope you like them.
Charles Duhigg wrote Power of Habit. what else can i do for you?
The Power of Habit is a fiction novel that was released in 2011.
You got it
The Godfather, starring Al Pacino, was a drama. Do you want similar movies also produced by Robert Evans?
He is a great player. Did you know that they won the 2008 NBA Finals?
Yes he is. He is also the commissioner.
I think Jerry Reinsdorf has done a great job turning the franchise around.
Chicago Bulls : Sequel: Chicago Bulls : Team Owned by Jim Thorpe
I hope they will make it to the playoffs this year
You're welcome
Dear John is written by Nicholas Sparks. anything else i can do for you?
Yeah, it was written by Rick Riordan and it has a genre of Thriller if you like that one.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Hush is a great movie similar to Crescendo
I believe Jane Austen wrote it. It's a Romance novel. Do you like romance books?
Other romance novels include Sense and Sensibility and Pride and Prejudice.
She also wrote Sense and Sensibility, another romance novel.
You're welcome!
I love Linkin Park, My favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
Probably. Warner Bros. Records have quite a few rap players. I've heard they're a good rapper, though.
Andrew Stanton directed Finding Nemo. Finding Nemo has genre Science Fiction. What genre are you looking for?
It was released in 2002 and it is a drama, do you like these genres?
Yes she does! Ellen DeGeneres also starred in WALL-E.
You're welcome!
Phil LaMarr starred in Zambezia. Have you seen it?
Yes, and she starred in it as well.
I don't have any information on other family movies, but you might want to check out The Fall if you haven't already.
You're welcome!
Yes, he's an author, an actor and an athlete. Such a wide range of talent!
He is. But, I haven't seen a film with his father, Yuvraj Singh.
Yes, and he also wrote The Storm.
Yeah he is. He plays for the Portland Trail Blazers.
He also owns the Portland Trail Blazers.
I don't really know who they are, but he was a good coach.
Yes. The King's Speech is written by Iain Canning and Garth Williams and stars William Hurt and Tim Roth.
Yes, she also starred in it as well. It is a drama and drama. Have you seen it?
Yes, I like Jesus of Nazareth too. He also starred in The Spy Next Door.
I like some of her music. My favorite is probably Whenever, Wherever. How about you?
Actually, Sia Furler is a very talented singer. I haven't heard much of her music but I do like Taylor Swift.
She is a very talented singer but I will have to look her up
They used to be a great team since they were runners ups in Super Bowl XLI. Are you a big fan?
Oh I see. I'm not a big Cowboys fan, but I do know they won the Superbowl IV championship back in 1986.
I wonder if they are doing well this year. They are a lot of fun to watch.
Isn't he a basketball player. Who does he play for?
He is a very skilled basketball player, but he is currently playing the Rockets.
I'm not sure, but he does. He is a good player.
Do you like drama? I would suggest The Pillars of the Earth.
Yes, Hayley Atwell also starred in The Pillars of the Earth.
Sure, she also starred in The Pillars of the Earth and Captian America: The Winter Soldier.
You're welcome!
Yes, that is a great movie written by John Lee Hancock.
Yes, she is a star actress. She also starred in Drama and Thriller if you like that genre.
I don't really know much about football but I do know they're coached by Lovie Smith.
Are you a fan of Lovie Smith?
I like watching the Steelers and the Chargers later. How about you?
The book is written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like that genre? She also wrote the whole Harry Potter series.
Ok. J.K. Rowling also wrote The Cuckoo's Calling and The Casual Vacancy.
It's an excellent choice! I'm not sure if it's the book. It's a fantasy as well.
Great! I hope you enjoy them!
Sure! He starred in Annie Hall and To Rome with Love.
It stars Ralph Fiennes and Rupert Everett. It's a great movie.
I'm glad I could help. Enjoy the movie!
Spirited Away has a genre of drama. Are you interested in films in those genres?
Well, it's genre of Speculative fiction! Another Japanese cartoon movie you might enjoy is X-Men 2. Have you seen that one?
You might enjoy the Scream of the Banshee if you haven't seen it already.
You're welcome!
He wrote such great books as The Virgin Suicides and The Picture of Dorian Gray. Have you read either?
It is a Fiction Novel that was published in 1993. It is a film starring Kirsten Dunst and Josh Hartnett.
It was released in 1991. It is a fiction book about the life of young girl who runs her own life.
Your welcome
Sure, I've heard of it and it was produced by Judd apatow and also stars Seth Rogen who is in it.
Seth Rogen starred in The Rules of Attraction and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen any of these?
Yes, Mindy Kaling has been in lots of movies. One of them is Pineapple Express. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
I know he wrote The Virgin Blue
Yes, Miranda Richardson starred in Gideon's Daughter. She also starred in Twilight.
Yes, it is a fantasy film.
Absolutely, no problem!
Oh I love her! She is very talented. I love her music. I am a big fan of hers.
I like Hello, but I also like Ed Sheeran
It sure is, I like the song Hello Hello. You should check it out. It's hilarious.
Inception' was directed by Christopher Nolan. He also directed the Dark Knight.
The Prestige is starring Christian Bale, who also directed The Dark Knight Rises.
The Prestige is a Drama and Sci-Fi film written by Christopher Nolan.
The Prestige is actually classified as Sci-Fi.
It is a Sci-Fi film.
You're welcome.
He plays for the Brazil national football team FC Barcelona. Are you a fan?
You know, I won a Nobel Prize in Fiction and also a Brazilian Football Player.
They are doing good but they haven't won a super bowl XLI. I think they will make it to the Super Bowl this year.
I don't have any information on any other players. I do know they are doing well in the NFC North.
Yeah, they were doing well in the NFC North.
Well, would you like to hear about other things written by Charles Dickens or other thrillers?
This novel was originally published in 1838. It is a book about social criticism. Do you enjoy that genre?
I don't know anything else about that book, but A Tale of Two Cities was written by Charles Dickens.
It is also a novel about the subject of social criticism.
I am sorry I don't have access to that information right now. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome
Kierra Cass wrote the classic, The Siren. Have you heard of it?
Sure, she also wrote The Siren. It's considered a classic.
It is a young-adult fiction and was released in 2011.
You're welcome!
Tom Cruise starred in Mission Impossible - Ghost Protocol
Yes, it is an action packed movie. I highly recommend it.
You might enjoy Beautiful Creatures or The Last Samurai.
You're welcome.
Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell. He also wrote Animal Farm.
Animal Farm is a great book. It was written by George Orwell. He also wrote Nineteen Eighty-Four.
You're welcome!
It appears he wrote Relato de un naufrago
Sure! He has written many books such as The Green Mile, The Mouse on the Mile and The Wild One.
It was written by Terry Gilliam and released in 1994.
He also wrote Gonzo the Art of Loathing in Las Vegas: A Savage Journey to the Heart of the American Dream. If you haven't read that one, you should definitely try it.
I hope you enjoy it!
Adam Brown starred in The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey and The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey.
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
Bradley Cooper starred in The Words, The Words, and Limitless. Have you seen any of these movies?
The Woods is a drama/mystery film that was released in 1997.
It is a sci-fi thriller. Its a great movie!
Do you like books by J.R.R. Tolkien?
its a fiction novel. what else can i answer for you today?
no i do not have that information. what else can i do for you?
you are welcome. anything else i can help with today?
The Tell Tale Heart, The Black Cat and Hop Frog are some of his work. Are you interested in poems?
It was released in 1843.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I know Cesc Fàbregas is an athlete, a midfielder for the Spain National Football team.
I don't know if it's soccer or soccer. I don't know much about soccer. Are they good?
I don't know where that is. Sorry.
Aladdin was written by Chris Hemsworth and Aladdin was released in 2000.
There is the Aladdin which is an adaptation of the movie starring Aladdin
You should check out Ratatouille. It's an excellent choice.
The Good Thief starring Said Taghmaoui, it is an Action Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I am not sure, but I know it was written by Leonardo DiCaprio and also starred Ralph Fiennes.
Yes, he did. He also directed The End of the Affair with Ian Hart.
Glad I could help!
Quentin Tarantino have directed Pulp Fiction, Kill Bill and more. Have you seen any of these?
Yes he was in that movie. Do you like his music?
I don't have anything else he has done but I know another great movie called Robots.
No problem. Enjoy!
Downfalls in the genre of War. Do you like War films?
Downfall is starring Jodi Foster and Tessa Thompson do you like speculative fiction?
Kristen Connolly is also in it. She is a great actress.
You are welcome!
I do. He seems like a very happy person. Do you know if he's dating anyone
Who does Nicki Minaj sound like one of my favorites?
Whoa! That's a great song.
Sure! It was written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
She also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Box
Yes it is called The Mortal Instruments
You're welcome
By David Sedaris? I love that book. Have you read it?
Me Talk Pretty One Day is a great comedy by Sedaris, David Sedaris, David Sedaris, and Denim, Me Talk Pretty One Day. That's a great comedy too.
Sure, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Fred Willard starred in Youth in Revolt. Have you seen that movie?
Youth in Revolt is a drama
Great! Hope you enjoy the movie.
Great! Have a great day!
You're welcome!
Did you like Blood Diamond because it was starring Will Smith or because it was a thriller?
Did you know that David Diamond starred in Unlawful Entry?
The Lord of War was released in 1997
Sure! She starred in City of Bones and RoboCop 3. Have you seen either of those?
RoboCop 3. I don't have any information on other movies he's acted.
Yes. He starred in The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones.
Sure! It stars Meryl Streep and Emily Blunt. Are you familiar with her work?
She has starred in Thirteen Moons, The Young Lions and The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
Yes she was, along with Anne Hathaway.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was released in 2001
How to Train Your Dragon was a popular one that was also released in 1997.
Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger. Have you read either of these books?
Okay. Then you'll like When You Reach Me written by Louis Sachar. Have you read this one?
Sure, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Dan Gilroy wrote Angels & Demons and also The Da Vinci Code. Would either of those interest you?
The Bourne Legacy is starring Matt Damon and Josh Brolin. Do you like Josh Friedman?
Yes, you might like The Bourne Identity. Starring Tom Hanks and Mega Ryan.
Hayao Miyazaki directed The Sirens of Titan. Have you seen that?
It is considered a romance film, similar to Tobias Teller, which also starred Sarah Clarke.
You should check it out! Hayao Miyazaki also directed Ponyo.
Yes, its considered children's film, but Hayao Miyazaki also starred in Toy Story 3.
Sure, he wrote There Will be Blood and The Master. He's been involved in a lot of different movies. Would you like to hear more about those?
There Will Be Blood starred Matt Damon and Josh Brolin.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Paula Hawkins wrote The Battle of the Five Armies. Have you read that one?
Sure, The Girl on the Train is a Drama written by Paula Hawkins and it stars Paula Hawkins and Ben Affleck
Absolutely!
Sure, no problem. Enjoy the book!
Sure, have you read To Kill a Mockingbird, The Manchurian Candidate or The Manchurian Candidate?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I haven't read it but I know it is written by James Dashner
You have a great day.
Yes, he wrote Violets Are Blue
You're welcome.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is similar.
Pinn was written by Vladimir Naokov in the genre of fantasy, speculative fiction
Yes,It is written by Vladimir Naokov
It is speculative fiction
your welcome
Memoirs of a Geisha was written by Robin Swicord and Arthur Golden. This book is a drama.
The next book is a series and the book is titled :)
Sure, he wrote Memoirs of a Geisha, have you read it?
Your welcome
Not a whole lot but I do know he's married to Hayden Panettiere from the show Nashville
Yes, it is!
No, I'm not sure about Anna Paquin but he did star in Soul Survivor.
I'm not sure about that, but I do know that she starred in The Girl Next Door.
Green Eggs and Ham was written by Doctor Seuss. It's a children's literature that was released in 1960.
Do you have any information about other books by Dr. Seuss?
Have you heard of There's a Wocket in My Pocket? Heard of that one?
The movie is a great family movie. The movie is starring Seth Rogen and Jake Gyllenhaal
I don't know what other movies he's in, but he was in Year One and Wicked.
Yes he was in that movie with Emma Stone.
No problem, do you need anything else?
Yes E.B. White wrote The Elements of Style and Stuart Little. Have you read them?
Sure. Safe Haven is a thriller starring Nicholas Sparks. Do you like thrillers?
Chris Hemsworth and Tessa Thompson are in the film. Do you like them?
It was released in 1995 and is a classic.
You are welcome. And the movie is about a trailers.
Sure, you are welcome.
Sure, I can help with that. It was written by James Cameron. Are you familiar with his work?
That's correct. The Women of Brewster Place is a great film.
I don't know, but I do know that she also starred in The Women of Brewster Place.
Sure. Added it to your watch list.
She is a British actess, best known for her roles in Ronin, The Truman Show and Solaris
The Truman Show was released in 2004. It also starred Peter Krause.
Deception Point is written by Dan Brown. It's a thriller and was released in 2001.
It's considered a Romance. Do you like Romance?
He wrote the Where the Wild Things Are.
Little Bear is a speculative fiction, do you like that genre?
You got it!
You're welcome!
You're welcome.
He's amazing! He directed the science fiction film Eraserhead.
Inland Empire is a fantasy
Idiocracy stars Sam Neill and Rosario Dawson. It is a thriller.
It was released in 1996.
Sure, I hope you enjoy the movie.
you're welcome
Gone with the Wind is written by Margaret Mitchell. She also wrote Thomas Mitchell.
Yes, The Great Gatsby is a novel and The Voyage of the Dawn Treader.
I don't have that information but I do know that William Shatner is also in it.
Your welcome.
She starred in When a Man Loves a Woman with Andy Garcia. Have you ever watched that?
The tennis player? I haven't watched tennis in a while. Is there news about him?
I know very little about tennis but I know Serena has had a lot of competition. She is a famous tennis player, though.
No, I haven't heard of him. I guess he is a good player though.
Sure, Go Set a Watchman is similar to To Kill a Mockingbird.
To Kill a Mockingbird is in the Drama genre, have you heard of it?
Sure, have a great day.
I love her music. My favorite is I'm Not Dead by Pink. What is yours?
I do! I'm not a huge fan of her music but I do know some of her music is good. She won the MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year.
What do you think of her? She is a very talented actress. She recently won an MTV Video Music Video of the Year.
He starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, it is a movie starring Sandra Bullock and Kevin Costner. Have you seen it?
Yes he also starred in The O.C. which is a romantic movie.
You're welcome.
Martin Gardner wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and The Portable Atheist.
The Portable Atheist and Alice Adventures in Wonderland is a fantasy.
The Portable Atheist and Alice's Adventures in Wonderland has genre Fiction
Happy reading!
Yes, he plays football in Midfielder position. He was born on Santa Marta. Do you like football?
He played as a Midfielder. Are you a football fan?
He was on FC Porto. He was a great actor.
I love her. She is my favorite tennis player. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about Brett Ratner, but I do know he was in a comedy called No Strings Attached.
I'm not sure about that, but Al Pacino is in a thriller called Shark Night.
The Glass Castle was written by Jeannette Wells. She also wrote Half Broke Horses: A True Life Novel. Do you like memoirs?
Gus Van Sant. It was released in 2006
She wrote The Beautiful and Damned. Have you read any of these?
I'm not sure about that novel, but I can tell you it is classified as fiction.
Of course. The Recomendables is also written by Alice Sebold.
No, it was written by Jack London
you are welcome
I know she plays tennis. She was upset she lost the match with Lisa Raymond.
You are right. Do you know if she won a cricket match?
I don't know much about him. But he is a good player.
Yes, he was. He was very busy. He was in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Thor: The Dark World starred Chris Hemsworth, do you want to know more about his movies?
Then you'll like The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor.
That movie stars Simon McBurney and Sam Elliot.
She sure is! I hope you enjoy it!
It starred J.K. Simmons and Melissa Benoist. JK won an Oscar for his role.
Yes Wade Williams also starred in Wreck-It Ralph.
Yes, he did star in Elizabethtown as well
Breakfast of Champions is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Do you want to hear other books by him?
You should check it out. It's Science Fiction. It's a good one.
Yes, I haven't read that one yet. Have you?
He directed The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and Monsters Inc.
Yes. John Sayles also wrote Zoe's Tale.
It's a great movie. It's a historical period drama.
I like Phil Mickelson, he won the 2010 Masters Tournament, he also starred in the movie Tin Cup.
He also won the 2010 Masters Tournament, which is a historical period drama.
Yeah, I think it is very funny. I don't usually listen to that type of music.
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Princess Diaries. It's a great movie.
Sure! Have you seen A Christmas Carol? It's a romantic comedy about a man who is suddenly able to speak to the death.
enneth H. Blanchard wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement, and Who Moved My Cheese? Have you read either of those?
It's considered self-help, and children's literature.
That is correct. It's a self help book.
I do! He starred in Nowhere Boy and Fifty Shades of Grey.
Nowhere Boy starred Ethan Hawke and Fifty Shades of Grey, and Kristen Dunst.
Nowhere Boy is a Sci-fi film. It's a very funny tidbit.
Of course, do you like this author because of the genre or its author?
I would recommend Red Dragon. It is an action genre. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure about it, but I can tell you it was a political Thriller if you like that genre.
I do. She wrote The Virgin Blue, The Last Runaway, and The Lady and the Unicorn. Have you read any of these?
I believe it was written in 1993 by Tracy Chevalier and was released in 1996.
I don't have any information on that, but I can tell you that Witha Pearl Earring was adapted into a film. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I do! He directed both The Mist and The Green Mile. Are you a fan of Stephen King films?
Other movies in this genre include The Mist and Have you seen them?
Great! Do you know of any other movies she's written?
Great! Have you read Annie Hall? It is very good.
Dan Gilroy wrote Angels & Demons and The Da Vinci Code. Both are good books.
Matt Damon stars in it
It has genre Comedy
Zero Dark Thirty
have you watch All the Real Girls
have a good day
Do you like the author, I can recommend some of her poetry books?
Shel Silverstein also wrote Where the Sidewalk Ends and Falling Up.
Sharon Creech, Kathryn Sutherland, Kathryn Stockett, Kathryn Bigelow, Jenna Boyd, Jenna Boyd are some of them
You're welcome!
I know that he is a country singer, songwriter and musician from Nashville
I don't know any songs by her, but I do know that he has a good voice. She is a very talented person.
Yes, Speak Your Mind is my personal favorite.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit one of my favorite movies. If you haven't read it I'd highly recommend it.
It was released in 1999 and is in English.
You are welcome!
Oliver Stone wrote The Doors. The Doors is directed by Randall Jahnson
The Doors stars many big actors, including Chris Hemsworth, Liam Hemsworth, and Miley Cyrus.
Yes, it is about the band.
You're welcome!
Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Wise Man's Fear and The Name of the Wind.
William Shakespeare has written a great deal of Heroic fantasy.
Great, enjoy!
Divergent is a Young -adult fiction. Starring Theo James and Kate Winslet.
Similar books to Divergent are; The Hunger Games, The Giver, Matched, and The Hunger Games. Do those sound interesting to you?
I don't know much. He's from Liverpool and plays for Everton FC. Do you like him?
He also plays soccer
I don't know much about him other than he plays soccer for Manchester United F.C.
I'm not much of a football fan, but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer.
I like the Buffalo Bills. How about you?
Oh they were also in the Superbowl. Are you a fan?
Yes, pitch perfect is a great movie by the same author Mark Boal.
She also starred in White Oleander and Do You Love Me.
You may want to check out The Negotiator as well.
I'm sorry. I don't have that information right now. Can I help you with anything else?
Some other comedies that you may like are Where Rainbows End, Waterworld, and Our Mutual Friend.
You are welcome.
Sure! He's a great actor. He wrote and directed The Ugly Truth. Have you seen it?
I think Suresh Raina is an athlete. Isn't he on the cricket team?
I don't know much about cricket, I prefer American football, soccer and baseball. I like most sports.
Yes, he is. He is also a musician and a model.
He wrote Uglies and Touching Darkness.
It is a science fiction novel written in English
Mrs. Smith is a great book
You are welcome, enjoy!
I know Cesc Fàbregas play for the Spain national football team, but I don't know much about him.
I'm not sure. I know a few players for that team, but I know some other players like Vicente del Bosque.
He did indeed! I love Louis van Gaal coaches the Netherlands national football team.
Yes, and he also coached the Netherlands national football team.
Joseph Heller wrote Nostromo: a Tale of the Seaboard. What else can I do for you today?
He has written a lot of war books and was influenced by Isaac Asimov and Joseph Heller.
Yes, Fifty Shades Freed was written by E.L. James and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
If you like that series, you'll like The Alpha Master. Have you read that?
Jennifer E.L. James is the author of both books.
Sorry I do not have that information but the book is in English that you will enjoy it.
You are welcome. Enjoy the book!
Yes, he wrote The Castle and Amerika. Are you a fan of fiction novels like those?
It is considered a fiction, crime, and adventure film.
You're welcome!
The Boys in The Boat: Nine Americans and Their Epic Quest for Gold
Laura Hillenbrand also wrote Seabiscuit one of my favorite books. Have you read that one?
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy it!
He is a great actor. He starred in No Strings Attached. Have you seen it?
Yes, it was written by Randolph Hogan
Yes he did and he also directed Iron Man 2.
Randall Wallace wrote Braveheart. I have you seen it?
Is there anything else I can help with?
He wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer. He's also written Seven Years in Tibet.
Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer was released in 2008.
Its a non-fiction novel written by Richelle Mead.
No problem! Have a great day.
Washington Redskins sucks. did you know Dwight Schar owned this team
You are right, they did win the Super Bowl XLVII.
I am not sure if he still plays for the Broncos. Do you like him?
Sure, It was written by Shawnee Smith. Have you read it?
No. The Mermaid's Tale is also a sci-fi novel.
George A. Romero. You should check it out.
Tropic Thunder has a Genre of Adventure, do you enjoy these?
The Cable Guy is a good movie. Ben Stiller also wrote The Cable Guy.
I recommend The Cable Guy
Yes. Diana Gabaldon wrote My Own Heart's Blood.
I'm not sure of the release date. Would you like to know other works by Diana Gabaldon?
It's considered a fiction. Do you like those types of books?
Glad I could help
He directed Cutthroat Island and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Cameron Diaz starred in Cutthroat Island.
It was released in 1995
Enjoy!
I don't know much about them. I do know they are owned by a woman Virginia McCaskey.
I think they were better than the Vikings and the Lions. They had a good season so far, so I would not be surprised if they were doing better. They had a good season this year.
Yes, I do like the Bears. They have won a lot of superbowls. I think they will have a good season this year.
Sure! Doug Liam has directed a lot of movies. Two of them are Fair Game and Swept Away. Have you seen those?
I'm not sure about that, but John Liam also directed Pride and Prejudice.
I don't have that information, but John Liam also directed it. You should give it a try.
Sean Penn starred in Fair Game. He's a great actor.
I don't have that information, but I do know that Ty Burrell starred in State of the Union and WIlliams.
Yes, Dwyane Wade starred in Just Wright didn't he?
She stars in Good Deeds. She is a basketball player.
Yes, it was. It's also written by Steve Harvey.
Yes I do, it stars Kodi Smit- Mcphee and Judy Greer. Are you a fan of Sci-Fi movies?
It's a good movie. Gary Oldman also starred in Zombieland.
If you like sci-fi, you might like X-Men 2 or World War Z.
You're welcome.
Yes, Noam Murro is a good director! He directed 300: Rise of an Empire. Have you seen it?
300: Rise of an Empire stars Sullivan Stapleton and Peter Mensah.
You're welcome.
I don't have any information on Fantasy, but if you haven't seeing any of those, I recommend The Looking Glass Wars.
I'm sorry I don't have that information. I can tell you that Eva Green also starred in Battleship.
Eva Green was born in Rochester, New York City. She is also in the Ugly Truth which is a good film.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about baseball, but I know they are owned by Magic Johnson and Frank McCourt.
It is. It was written by Magic Johnson. Are you a fan of speculative fiction?
I agree! I have never heard of them, they have a lot of good players such as Patrick Ewing, Serena Williams and Roger Federer.
Yes, Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
I'm sorry I don't have that information. I can tell you that it was written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
The version was written by Robert Louis Stevenson, Mervyn Peake and Mervyn Peake.
I don't know any other books written by Robert Louis Stevenson, but if you like his writings, you might be interested in the movie.
You're welcome. I'll add it to your list.
Sure, would you like to hear about other books written by Zora Neale Hurston or other novels?
There's one of them called Sword of Shannara, that is a great book. It's a children's literature written by Terry Brooks.
She was also in Tuck Everlasting, that's a great movie.
I don't know much about Paul Pogba-do, but I know he is a football player who plays Midfielder
I don't know much about him, other than he plays for Manchester United F.C. I don't know much about him.
Yes, I would like to learn more about the sport.
I actually don't know much about football either. I do know that he is a good coach.
He is a prolific writer. He wrote and directed Sword Song, which is also a biography. He also wrote The Seven Samurai. Have you heard of it?
Do you like John Steinbeck ?
Tropic of Cancer is a novel written by John Steinbeck.
great. have you read The Grapes of Wrath? It is written by Anne Tyler.
I think it was released in 1946. I recommend the book if you like that.
Anne Tyler was the author of this book. The Night Watch was released in 2006. I recommend this book.
You are welcome. Happy reading!
Do you like the movie because it was written by Martin McDonagh?
Yes, it does.
She also starred in White Oleander which is also a great movie.
You're welcome!
Yes, O Brother, Where Art Thou starred Shawnee Smith and Ray McKinnor. O Brother, Where Art Thou starred Tom Hanks.
She also starred in the movie Thirteen.
She also starred in the movie A Bug's Life.
You're welcome.
It was written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010.
It is a genre fiction
I dont have that information sorry
It is a great book written by Henning Koch and released in 2012. Are you looking for books by this author?
It was also released in 2012 and stars Denzel Washington. Do you like her work?
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller?
Well I have a couple of other action genres, would you like to know?
Yes, The Golden Compass is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
Interstellar has a great cast, including Chris Hemsworth, Megan Fox and David Margulies
You're welcome
It is a young adult fiction book written by Suzanne Collins. Have you read it?
He directed the romantic comedy American Pie as well as The Golden Compass.
It also stars Frank Weitz. Are you familiar with his work?
She also starred in Valentine's Day, Have you seen that one?
Sorry i can't be of more help
I think he is a very good tennis player. I really like his sister, Serena.
I haven't had a chance to watch a match, but I haven't really watched a game before. I haven't really watched a game before.
It's not bad. Who is your favorite player?
I know she wrote the book Le Petit Prince, have you read it?
He did. Le Petit Prince was co-written by Richard Howard.
I do not have that information, but I can tell you he was a musician.
Did you like X-Men: The Last Stand because it starred Hugh Jackman or because it was Sci-Fi?
Well, X-Men: The Last Stand has a genre of superhero, action, and action film. Some other superhero movies are Zombieland, Where the Wild Things Are.
Logan is a superhero movie and its a sci-fi movie.
Sure! Enjoy!
Yes! he is a great writer. Have you seen his movies?
He directed a lot of movies. One of them is Where Have You Been, which is one of my favorites.
I like drama films. Have you seen To Kill a Mockingbird starring Aaron Sorkin? It is a drama film.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
Yes. Peter Bart wrote The Godfather. The Godfather has genre Drama. Are you interested in drama?
The Godfather also includes Robert Duvall and Al Pacino
The Godfather was released in 1998 and starred Al Pacino who also starred in The Apocalypse Now
The Green Mile is written by Stephen King, he also wrote The Shawshank Redemption. Have you read that one?
Stephen King also wrote The Shawshank Redemption, have you read that?
There is a film adaptation of that book. Stephen King directed The Dead Zone.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
I sure can, She wrote one book called The Orphan Train which was released in 2013. Are you a fan of her work?
She also wrote A Piece of the World.
I am not sure about those. I know it was released in 2013
I Am Legend starred Will Smith and Emma Stone. It is a sci-fi film.
I am not sure about that, are you a fan of Will Smith? She has a few movies she's starred in.
He is a great actor! Will Smith also starred in I, Robot which is also a Sci-Fi Action movie.
Hot Fuzz is a black comedy and parody film written by Philip K. Dick. Are you interested in black films or comedy in general?
How about Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade?
Yes it is. Another adventure movie you might like is Your Highness.
I'm more of a fan of We Found Love. What about you?
I like him too, he is a really talented person. What is your favorite song of his?
I haven't seen it, but I've heard it's amazing. Who isn't he in?
It was written in 1960.
Yes it was written by Felicia Heaton
Sure. Les Miserables is a movie written by Claude-Michel Schönberg and stars Hugh Jackman, Eddie Redmayne and Anne Hathaway.
I have a couple of popular romantic comedies called The Book of Mormon, have you seen that one?
Absolutely! Other movies in that genre include The Book of Mormon and The Invisible Man.
Yes, it stars Yul Vazquez and Meryl Streep. It's a great movie.
The Deer Hunter is directed by Christopher Nolan
Yes, shes great
It also stars Sam Rockwell and Jane Adams
I don't really know much about them. I like their coach John Fox. Are you a fan?
It was released in 2017 and is a fan of the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like any other teams in this genre?
Cold Mountain starring Chris Hemsworth and Josh Brolin. Have you seen it?
I did not watch it but I really liked Renee Zellweger in Shark Tale and Monsters vs. Aliens.
Cold Mountain is a good book. If you are looking for something in the same genre, you should also try The Lawnmower Man.
J. K. Simmons is an American professional basketball player. He is known for writing young adult fiction.
He has. He wrote The Assassin and the Desert which is a great thriller.
William Hurt and Ty Burrell are also in it. I have heard of it.
Ronan Bennett and Michael Mann starred in Public Enemies. Do you like thrillers?
If you like Johnny Depp, I would recommend The Rum Diary.
I'm not sure but he was in The Rum Diary which is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Okay, I will load that for you now.
Shailene Woodley and Sela Ward are in the movie.
I don't know, but Daniel Roebuck starred in The Fugitive.
You should check it out.
The Fugitive is a classic movie with Harrison Ford.
Yes, he was in The Fugitive as well.
You're welcome.
J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Ban
Yes, Peter Pan also wrote When We Were Very Young, which is a fiction book.
It's considered children's literature.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
I like him as an athlete for Real Madrid. Do you follow soccer?
I think he plays for Manchester United F.C.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is written by Gary Scott Thompson and stars Paul Walker. Are you interested in this film?
VIn Diesel is a great actor. He also starred in The Chronicles of Riddick. Have you seen that?
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Joh Favreau wrote Made, starring Faizon Love, and Jonathan Silverman
Yes and he also starred in a good movie Faizon Love which is a thriller.
He also starred in The Wildest Dream and Muppets. Have you seen those?
Yes, and Kevin Nealon also starred in The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants
Yes he did. The Gazebo is a thriller starring Al Pacino.
The Gazebo is a great drama film. It was directed by David Fincher and released in 1999.
Sure. Seth MacFarlane wrote and directed What's Up Doc. Have you seen that? It's a drama.
Sure, it stars Brad Pitt, Seth MacFarlane and it has a genre of Comedy-drama
Yes, Seth MacFarlane is known for writing Time Bandits
Skyfall stars Chow Yun-fat, Mike Colter, Mike Colter, and many more. Are you interested in any of these actors?
It appears that he has also starred in The The Imitation Game and The Lone Ranger.
Mark Boal produced this film as well.
It is a historical period drama as well as romance.
Yes, I do recommend it for you.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is written by Charlaine Harris and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Oh yea she is a good actress. She also wrote the Wicked Lovely which is a comedy.
Sorry, I don't have any information on other books by him, but if you're interested in other books by him, I can recommend some of them.
No problem, enjoy!
Sure, He directed Three Kings. Are you a fan of adventure films?
It is considered a psychological thriller. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes she was. You should check it out.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I do! Are you a fan of young-adult fiction?
I think he was great. The only thing I know about him is that he directed, and he was also a film producer.
It was released in 2008 and is a young adult fiction.
Max Brooks is a writer, director and producer. He wrote World War Z, have you read that one?
2013! That was a great year for books.
Absolutely! Hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and Turbo. The Proposal is a great movie you should watch.
Great. You should watch it. It's a thriller.
I haven't seen them, but I haven't seen them. They are good!
Yes I do! My favorite book is Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Would you like to know more about that?
I would recommend The Hobbit: The Fellowship of the Ring
There is also The Good Doctor or The Edge.
Yes, it was. He also wrote and directed the movie Into the Wild.
Did you like because Tom Cruise is in it or because it was a Action/ Adventure movie?
I don't know much about Tom Cruise but I do know that he stars in Vanilla Sky and The Last Samurai.
You're welcome.
Your welcome.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I know that he's married to Cameron Diaz. Do you like her?
You must have heard of The Social Network. Did you know he produced The Social Network?
I do, I like dramas and crime genres too.
I do, it was written by Robert Wade and Ian Fleming great writers.
I recommend the movie True Lies. It is a very funny film.
I am not sure if it is a thriller, but Shark Night is another example of a Spy film.
He is a soccer player for Manchester United F.C. and he plays for Real Madrid C.F.
I believe it is coached by Ryan Giggs, but I don't really know much about soccer.
You're welcome!
O Alquimista was written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988. The same year as The Alchemist. Have you read that?
O Alquimista was written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988.
Yes, Onze minutos was released in 1899.
He starred in movies like Turbulence, The Shawshank Redemption, The Mist and The Green Mile. Have you heard of these movies?
Yes, she did. She also starred in The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants and The Mist. Have you seen either of those?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Toni Kroos plays for the Germany national football team the FC Bayern Munich II.
I know they are a National Football League coached by Mike McCarthy
I like to watch basketball. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite player?
I love football, so I've been a huge fan since they won the Super Bowl XXVIII.
The invention of wings is a book and film.
Sure! The Last Samurai is starring Yuki Matsuzaki. It was written by Marshall Hersokovitz a great actor.
Yes, he's a great actor. Did you know that he also starred in The Pink Panther?
Andy Garcia was also in The Perfect Score.
Sure. If you've seen Two for the Money, you might like that.
You're welcome. It's a great movie.
I liked them better when Jason Witten was playing, but they're still a pretty good team. Are you a fan of them?
I have not seen it, but I have been a fan since Ned Beatty starred in it and that was a comedy too.
Yes, it was a great movie. Jerry Maguire was also in Kill Bill.
I also like Horton Hears a Who!
He directed the War Film, Battleship. Have you seen it?
It is a fantasy, and also a thriller. It is worth the watch!
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
Wonder was written by RJ Palacio and released in 2012. The genre is an Action Film. Do you like action films?
Yes, you can try The Julian chapter. It was released in 2014.
Yes, you are right
I am not sure. What else can I do for you?
what else can i do for you today?
I recommend the movie Zero Dark Thirty. Have you seen it?
I am not sure, but he has starred in a lot of other comedies such as Sean Penn and Michael Byrne.
She wrote The Scarlet Letter which is romance novel. Do you like any particular genre?
She wrote The Lions of Al-Rassan.
It is a historical novel.
Yes, Lifetime was written in 1850.
How about The Fault in Our Stars? It's a young adult book.
I know that it was written by Jane Austen and released in 1817.
Yes, Jane Austen also wrote Mansfield Park and Lady Susan.
If you liked romance, you may also enjoy Persuasion.
You're welcome.
Sure! Do you like Thrillers?
Tower Heist is a comedy/drama and it has a genre of Thriller.
Tower Heist is a comedy and drama.
You may like The Muppets which is a crime movie.
She wrote оскресение and нна аренина. Have you heard of them?
Yes, most of her books are in English. Have you read Russian?
You're welcome!
Oh yes, it is a classic movie! It is regarded as one of the best Fantasy Drama films.
He is a great actor! He starred in Troy, which is a fantasy movie.
Are you a fan of the author, Kim Edwards?
I highly recommend The Secrets of a Fire King and The Lake of Dreams. Do those sound interesting to you?
That is a good one. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Snow Crash is a Speculative Fiction book written by Neal Stephenson. Do you like his books?
He starred in What's Your Number? a romantic comedy and The Perfect Score.
Sean Connery and Larenz Tate also star in the movie. It's a comedy/crime movie.
It was released in 1995.
You're welcome.
Sure, The Great Gatsby is a novel and The Chosen and The Affair are similar to it.
Yes. Ernest Hemingway wrote it. He also wrote The Secret Life of Bees. Have you read that one?
You're welcome.
You are welcome
Sure! He is a tennis player. He played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics. Do you enjoy tennis?
No, I have not. I know a fan of a tennis player, but I have heard of Serena Williams.
I don't think so, but he was in the 2012 Olympics.
There is a next in series to it, named Sellevision.
A Wolf at the Table is a dystopian novel by John Carpenter and released in 1982.
I am not sure about that, but I do know it is a sequel.
Enjoy!
I have no idea, can you suggest any?
It's a comedy. You'll like it.
Terry Pratchett wrote it, and it was released in 1997.
Wes Craven wrote My Soul to Take, where is starring Emily Meade and Frank Grillo.
Yes wes Craven wrote My Soul to Take, where is starring Emily Meade
Yes he does, he also starred in The Shaggy Dog and The Bone Collector.
Glad to help!
Of course. Anne Rice wrote Vittorio the Vampire and Violin.
Yes, she did write Frankenstein.
I am not sure of the release date. But she did write a book called The Last Colony.
Sure, have you read The Absolute Sandman, Volume One?
There are so many great books by Neil Gaiman, including The Graveyard Book and The Absolute Sandman.
Glad to help!
I know that Lois Lowry wrote the book called When you are Engulfed in Flames, have you read that one?
It's considered 'The Giver' and 'The Giver'' are both considered historical fiction.
It was released in 1990.
Yes The Great Gatsby is a novel and The Chosen and The Affair are similar to it.
Sure, he directed Moon, Warcraft, and Source Code. Have you seen any of those?
Moon starred Ben Stiller, Laurence Fishburne, Kevin Spacey, and Tom Everett.
It's a suspense thriller. Do you like those types of movies?
I don't know much about them. I do know they are owned by Zygi Wilf.
I hope they have a good chance. They have a good season this year.
yea they are good. who is your fav player?
I've been to a Miami Marlins game, but I had to live in person before.
Sure! Do you like it because it's an adventure movie or because you are a Harrison Ford fan?
George A. Romero
I don't have any information on other movies he directed, but he did star in A Bug's Life, which is a political drama.
Yes, I love mystery thrillers!
I have not seen the one in Thor. He is a great actor. Have you seen the movie?
I haven't seen that one yet. I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the information.
Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien?
Yes, J.R.R. also wrote There's a Wocket in My Pocket.
I have not seen any of them, would you like to know some of his other movies?
Sean Connery starred in it, as Snow White.
He was also in Green Zone which is a great film.
You're welcome.
The Lightning Thief is a young-adult-speculative fiction written by Rick Riordan. Are you a fan of this author?
I haven't, but I do know that The Lightning Thief is a young-adult fiction, do you like that genre?
It's considered young adult fiction, so I would suggest The Titan's Curse or The Son of Sobek. They are both fantasy.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
She is in a romantic comedy called Harsh Times. Have you seen that?
I am not sure of the name of her book, but she did star in Thirteen Moons.
No I do not know who starred in that movie. It is a Romance film.
Inception is starring Michael Gaston. Michael Gaston starred in Sudden Death which is an action movie like Inception.
Yes, have you heard of The Prestige?
For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway. This is a war novel that was released way back in 1940.
He wrote To Have and Have Not and The Sun Also Rises. Are you familiar with these?
You are welcome! Let me know if I can help with anything else.
Stefan Kapicic Starred in Deadpool a comedy and also starred Ryan Reynolds. Do you like his work?
Deadpool also stars Stefan Kapicic, Ryan Reynolds and Ed Skrein
Deadpool has genre Comedy
He is a Writer
Do you know who he is?
I really don't know much about him. Is he any good?
Are you looking for other books by John Green, or other thrillers?
I don't have the book right now. Are you interested in the young adult fiction genre?
Have you read any of the book's young adult fiction genres?
It was written by Ernest Hemingway, have you read it?
Great! Enjoy!
James Franco starred in Palo Alto and Whatever It Takes .
Whatever It Takes is starring Robert Duvall and it is a thriller and science fiction film.
yes it was released in 2010.
Enjoy!
I think she is most famous for The Joy Luck Club. It is a novel that was released in 1969. Do you enjoy novels?
Yes it is. It's a fiction. Do you like fiction?
Yes, it's considered more of Gothic fiction.
I do! He directed The Apostle. Have you seen that movie?
It starred Harrison Ford. Are you familiar with Robert Duvall?
I don't have any information on that one. I do know Robert Duvall directed it, but Robert Duvall directed it.
I'm not sure about that, but if you like Sci-Fi, it's a great movie to watch.
You're welcome!
I know he directed the movie Mark Waters, have you seen it?
I don't have that information but I can tell you that Edward Norton starred in it.
It appears to be a Western genre. Would you like to hear more about that?
You're welcome!
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to read another one of her b
Jane Austen also wrote Mansfield Park and Pride and Prejudice.
She wrote White Oleander as well as Paint it Black.
The book was released in 2003 and is in the genre of White Oleander.
You're welcome.
Akira Kurosawa was released in 1967. She also wrote Seven Samurai. Do you like his work?
I like adventure movies. Have you seen X-Men 2 or World War Z?
Kyla Pratt and J.K. Rowling both star in Seven Samurai.
I don't have a link for that movie.
Chris Columbus directed the film.
I do! He wrote Les Miserables.
Yes, it was released in 1862.
Oh, I don't have that information right now
Okay, I'll have to check that out
Yes, Once Upon a Time in the West is a western film similar to Open Range & Posse.
Shane has genre Drama
Your welcome
Sure. Jodi Picoult wrote Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts. Have you read those?
You may want to try Wonder Boys or Twilight. Have you read those?
You're welcome!
Yes, I like Charles Dickens. He wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop, to name a few.
Charles Dickens wrote The Old Curiosity Shop, Oliver Twist. It's a great book.
Yes, he did. Have you read A Tale of Two Cities?
That's correct! Have you seen it? It's a great play!
Enjoy!
He is a basketball athlete who lives in Long Beach, California.
No No I do
I like to watch football sometimes. My favorite sport is to watch is Basketball
I haven't seen them play, but I have been having a good season this year.
I have not seen it I know it was written by Hellboy but I know it stars Christian Bale.
Yes, he also directed Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that one? It's a classic.
No, Hellboy is more of a sci-fi movie. If you like sci-fi, you might also enjoy X-Men 2. Have you seen that?
Atlas Shrugged is a novel written by Ayn Rand. Were you looking for recommendations for similar books?
Yes, he wrote We Are All Right, and Ayn Rand.
I don't have that information, but Atlas Shrugged was released 1957.
It was written by Gayle Forman. This book is also a film. Have you seen the movie?
Yes, How about Wicked Lovely which is also young-adult fiction?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
You're welcome.
Mark Osbourne directed Kung Fu Panda. Do you like animated films and shows?
Yes, he was in that! He's a great actor. Did you know he also starred in Kung Fu Panda 2?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on the other movies he's starred in.
Great! I hope you enjoy them!
The author James Patterson wrote the book and it was released in 2001. Would you like to hear about other books by this author?
Sure! She wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. Have you read either of those?
Yes, The Great Gilly Hopkins is a very good writer. Some other good fiction books you may enjoy include Watership Down, Where Rainbows End and Welcome to Temptation.
Great, hope you enjoy them!
They are a really good basketball team, coached by Steve Kerr. Are you a fan?
I'm not a big basketball fan. I do know that the team is located in Oakland. Are you a basketball fan?
I don't like basketball. I am a big fan of the Miami Heat.
I like football a lot. My favorite team is the Redskins
I know that he is born in Delhi and he plays cricket, do you follow that sport?
Yes. He is a quarterback for the New England Patriots.
Yes, Bridget Moynahan starred alongside Sarah Polley.
Sure, he wrote The Boy in The Striped Pyjamas. Have you read that?
It's a Post-Apocalyptic fiction. It's also considered children's literature.
It was released in 1856. A similar book you might enjoy is The Lion, The Witch and the Wardrobe.
Enjoy!
I do! It was directed by Tony Gilroy and Tamara Tunie played a starring role.
I do not know who starred in Blood In, Blood Out.
It was released in 2004
You're welcome
Divergent is from the Utopian and Dystopian fiction genre. Would you be interested in other films in that genre?
Then you might like Wicked Lovely or Walk Two Moons.
Actually this is a book by Tatiana de Rosnay. It was released in 2007 in English even the author and title sound of a different language.
Yes, she did.
Yes, she also wrote The Secret Life of Bees.
Your welcome.
She wrote the Childrens novel Black Beauty
Anna Sewell was influenced by William Shakespeare, the author of Black Beauty.
You're welcome.
I have not heard of them. Are they good?
Yes, he did play the piano. He also played the guitar.
I am not sure if it is a TV show but it has a good cast.
Yes, Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline and was released in 2013. Do you like the author Christina Baker Kline?
Orphan Train is historical fiction. Do you like her work?
Christina Baker Kline wrote that, and she also wrote Bird In Hand, and A Piece of the World.
Glad to help!
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller?
Street Kings is starring Danny DeVito and Bill Murray.
I believe it is a drama.
You're welcome!
J.J. Cohen starred in Back to the Future, which also stars Thomas F. Wilson. Have you seen it?
If you like Adventure, Comedy you'll like Welcome to the Monkey House which is a great Adventure movie.
Do you mean the writer for the book CCH Pounder?
Yeah, he did. And he also starred in The Iron Giant.
Yeah, I think you'd enjoy it.
Yes, you should see Zodiac or Yesterday Was A Lie.
You're welcome!
I like Russel Wilson. He produced Zoolander. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, you're right. I'm not sure about that.
Not really. I like the Dallas Cowboys. They have a good season this year.
Hayao Miyazaki directed The Phantom of the Opera and The Titanic.
Ponyo stars Keira Knightley and Emilio Estevez. Have you seen it?
It was released in 2001 and directed by Hayao Miyazaki. Hayao Miyazaki also directed Princess Mononoke.
You're welcome.
Matt Damon wrote Good Will Hunting and starred in the movie The People Speak. Have you seen those?
I recommend The Mists of Avalon which stars Matt Damon.
Awesome! Have a great day!
It's a psychological thriller, I am not sure about that. I think you will enjoy it!
Sure! Do you like it because it's a family movie?
I like him, he is a pretty good athlete. I like his team the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
I don't think so, but I do know that he used to play for Oakland. Are you a fan of his?
It would be good for them. They have a good chance for them.
Sure! Bruce Willis starred in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen it?
I highly recommend it. It's older. It's also considered a comedy and a classic.
Richard E. Grant and Tom Hanks also star in it.
I am not sure about that. I do know that Elisabeth Shue is in a variety of movies. You should definitely check it out!
I will do that!
Have a great day!
Another movie that is similar is Whipped. Which is an Indie flim.
Warm Bodies starred Cory Hardrict and Cory Hardrict.
Tim Bagley starred in this movie as well. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I would recommend both Radiance and Warbreaker.
It's a crime fiction, similar to The Wheel of Time.
It was released in 2005.
You're welcome!
Do you like movies starring Nathan Lane ?
I recommend The Golden Compass and The Looking Glass Wars. Have you seen them?
I don't have that information, but Molly Shannon starred in The Princess Diaries with Anne Hathaway. She's great!
The next in the series is Speaker for the Dead. Do you like science fiction?
Yes, he wrote Xenocide and Wolf Brother. Are you a fan of speculative fiction?
If you are into speculative fiction then you may want to try Witches Abroad.
Great. Enjoy them!
Sure! He directed Three Kings. Are you a fan of adventure films?
He did star in Three Kings. He is a great actor.
You are welcome.
Anthony Daniels is a famous actor. He starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
I don't know anything else about him. Do you know who else starred in the film?
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome. Have a great day!
Forrest Gump starring Tom Hanks was an awesome movie
No, I do not have any information at this time.
your welcome
I liked A Christmas Carol by Charles Dickens. Did you know it was adapted into a film?
It is a great movie. Did you have any other questions about Bill Murray?
Yes, The Black Cat is a fantasy novel. Does that sound interesting to you?
Yes. I think I'll have to check that out.
You are welcome.
I don't know much about Philadelphia Eagles then Jeffrey Lurie is owner of it.
I didn't know that. I know they are owned by Jeffrey Moats.
I'm not sure about that. I don't have any information on that.
I did not know that. Is there anything else I can help with?
Do you prefer fantasy or speculative fiction?
Yes, it is! The Lord of the Rings series is highly recommended.
Yes, it is considered children's literature as well.
I know they are in the AFC South - a tough division
They were runner ups for Super Bowl XXXVIII.
It seems they were a good team since they were runner ups for Super Bowl XLVII.
Sure. Brad Pitt is in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade.
Have you seen A Christmas Carol or The Devil's Advocate? Both are historical fiction films.
It's a great movie. United 93 stars Ryan Gosling and Rupert Everett, and Jim Broadbent.
Sure. Enjoy the film.
I really like the Sci-Fi aspect of it. Are you familiar with that one?
You haven't seen it yet, but I've heard it's pretty good. It's a sci-fi sequel.
It stars Kristen Wiig and Emily Blunt. It's a great movie.
Oh great! I hope you have a great day!
Yes. 50/50 is a Romance movie. Do you like Romance movies?
Yes he was in 3rd Rock from the Sun. he is a good actor.
I'm sorry I don't have that information but I can tell you that Thomas Lennon was in it.
True Believer is another good book, do you like books by Nicholas Sparks?
Nicholas Sparks. Are you looking for names by Nicholas Sparks?
No, it is for teens, but it does look like it is for some of the books that are in the same genre.
Hes great and has a wonderful wife in Gisele
Well, Wildcats was good. And Rudy was written by Cameron Crowe. I haven't seen it yet.
He is great. I think he is great. Have you seen Couples Retreat?
Sure. Are you in to sci-fi movies? The Alien movies were directed by the same director.
Volcano was written by Stan Lee. Is there anything else you would like to know about it?
Tommy Lee Jones starred in Time Bandits and The Salvation Game. Have you seen those?
Yes, he was in Dante's Peak. It's a sci-fi movie.
Enjoy!
I did enjoy The Butterfly Effect. I remember it starred Ashton Kutcher and Amy Smart. I liked it.
William Scott starred in The Magician's Nephew, which is a Psychological thriller.
Great, there is a movie called Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee and Kyla Pratt
Sure! Leonard Nimoy starred in The Halloween Tree, Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home, and Land of the Lost. Have you seen these movies?
Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home is a Sci-Fi. Would you like to hear more about this movie?
The Voyage Home starred Jamie Lee Curtis and Sissy Spacek. It is a Science Fiction Comedy. Does that interest you?
You're welcome.
You're welcome!
Inside Man is a Thriller starring Denzel Washington. Do you like the genre or do you like Denzel Washington?
The Big Hit is a great movie. It stars Josh Brolin. He has a long list of thriller movies.
Your welcome.
Cesc Fabregas is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Premier League club Chelsea and The Spanish National Team.
I don't know much about soccer. Are you a football fan?
No, I don't know much about tennis but I know Venus has lost matches to my faves Serena and Venus.
I don't really know much about them to be honest. I don't watch much basketball but when I do it's the Celtics.
I think he was a point guard. I don't know much about him.
Yes, he did
I have not seen it yet. It is a thriller directed by Christoper Nolan. Do you like thrillers?
The Prestige stars Hugh Jackman, Christian Bale and Christian Bale. Are you interested in these actors?
I have not seen this movie but I will have to check it out!
Calvin Harris is a well known DJ that has also wrote some songs like We Found Love, and Dance With Me.
Rita Ora is a dance pop artist. Do you like dance music?
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy it!
Adam Brown starred in The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey. Are you interested in this movie?
The Hobbit is a Fantasy movie. Are you interested in any of these actors?
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Will do.
OK.
I think he plays basketball as a shooting guard. He was born here in LA.
Yes. I think he is a good player. Do you like basketball?
Yes, you are right and he is a good player
Harrison Ford and Ray Winstone starred in it. Are you interested in any of them or do you like any other actors?
Yes, Shia LaBeouf also starred in Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull
Sure, There's a Wolverine and National Treasure.
Your welcome
Crescendo is a book written by Paulo Coelho and a film producer.
She also wrote Hush, Hush, and Silence.
Sure, some of her books are Young-adult fiction and Vanilla Sky.
Sure, The Maze Runner is young adult fiction and The Scorch Trials is next in the series. Have you seen them?
Young adult fiction isn't it, but it is written by James Dashner
OK. They are both young adult fiction.
I sure can. Jake Gyllenhaal wrote The Fault in Our Stars. It is a romantic comedy. Have you seen it?
It's a romance, similar to To Kill a Mockingbird which is also in the drama genre.
He is a great actor. I would also recommend The Muppets which is a very popular film.
He directed friends with Benefits. Justin Timberlake starred in it.
Annie stars Sam Rockwell and Kristen Dunst
I don't have any information on other movies he's starred in but he was also in The Pursuit of Happiness
The Notebook was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Sparks in particular, or do you like Sparks in particular?
Yes, he was a good writer.
The author was Thomas Sparks, the author of The Notebook.
The author is Patrick Rothfuss, the author of the book.
Yes, he was the author of the book.
You are very welcome!
Yes, Twilight: The Complete Illustrated Movie Companion is written by Stephenie Meyer. It's part of a series. Would you like to know more about it?
No, I haven't seen it but I know it was written in English.
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like books by Nicholas Sparks? He wrote The Black Dahlia.
Chris Bigsby is a great author. He wrote The Crucible and All My Sons have you read them?
Yes, he also wrote The Crucible.
Yes, he also wrote The Crucible, Incendiary.
Yes, you're quite welcome.
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
They are. They have a good quarterback, though. They're having a good season this year.
They are doing well. They seem to have a lot of teams in the AFC East, along with their coach, John Fox.
You are correct. Lolita wrote The Eight & Matched. Are you familiar with these?
It is written in English and released in 1886
I do as well. Enjoy
you are welcome. Enjoy
Yes! I love his music. Do you like him as an actor or singer?
Yes, she and Jessica Biel also starred in Beyond the Sea.
Yes, it was very funny. It's a great movie. You should watch it when you have time.
Both were written by J.K. Rowling. They were released in 2016. She also wrote a book called The Silkworm.
You may enjoy The Silkworm or The Casual Vacancy. Have you read any of those?
It was released in 2014 and is in English.
Of course, if you like autobiographies, you might like The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor.
Sorry, I don't have that information. But, I can tell you that it was released in 1961.
It was written by J.K. Rowling. It was released in 2016. She also wrote a book called The Silkworm.
She wrote scenes and play of Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, Parts One and Two.
Sorry, I can't find that information. Anything else I can help you with today?
I'm sorry, I can't find that information for that.
Sorry, I do not have that information.
No problem. Glad to help.
I sure do! Total Recall has a genre of thriller. Would you like titles related to these genres?
I don't know much about football. I know he plays for a France national football team and FC Barcelona B.
I like Basketball a lot. My favorite team is the Lakers.
I have a habit of that show. I prefer reality TV.
Nope. I prefer Selena Gomez.
Yes. Gordon Ramsey was a great actor and producer.
Inception is starring Tom Berenger and Christopher Nolan
Yes, you are right.
Enigma was released in 1985 and is a drama/crime.
You got it.
Rob Reiner is an author he wrote This Is Spinal Tap.
I don't know any other movies he directed, but he also directed and produced This Is Spinal Tap.
I'm not sure about that one but he also directed The Fault in Our Stars which was produced by Rob Reiner.
Your welcome!
Jamie Ford wrote Songs of Willow Frost.
I am not sure of the release date. I cannot find that information at this moment.
You are welcome!
I would have to agree with you about her. Did you know she starred in Princess Protection Program?
I'm not sure who was in that movie, but I do know that Selena Gomez was also in Spring Breakers.
It's a psychological thriller. I think Vanessa Hudgens was in it, too.
Michael Parks was in Robert Duvall who also starred in Tusk. Have you seen that movie?
I didn't know they did but they had a good win. The Red Sox won the World Series if you like baseball.
Baseball is the most popular sport in the American League. Are you a baseball fan?
It would be considered a baseball team, as well as the Boston Red Sox. My team is the Red Sox.
I think he is a very talented golfer, do you follow golf?
Im not sure about Tiger Woods. I know he was born in Honolulu.
Yes, he lost Phil Mickelson too. He had a good career. Do you like any other sports?
Absolutely! The Hurt Locker stars Bruce Willis and Michelle Pfeiffer.
Yes he did. He also starred in Thor and The Last Samurai.
Sure. The Heart Is Divergent starring Evangeline Lilly and Kevin Smith is a Science Fiction Film
Sure. Trucker is added.
I don't know a whole lot about football. I know they are part of the NFC West.
No, they moved to Arizona from New York City.
I do like college football. Do you have a favorite team?
I don't know a lot about him. I know he plays soccer for Manchester United F.C. and he was born in Rio de Janeiro.
I didn't know much about soccer, but I heard he's a good player
I like football, football, and soccer. My favorite team is the New England Patriots.
Unfortunately i have not read the book or heard of Gabriel Garcia Marquez the author.
Another similar book is El amor en los tiempos del cólera.
Yes, it is written in English.
Along Came a Spider is written by James Patterson.
Yes, it is also a thriller.
Ok! It was written by James Patterson. It's a fiction novel.
You're welcome!
Yes, I do enjoy the movie Atonement. It was written by Ian McEwan and stars Tom Hanks.
I'd recommend The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen it?
Have you heard of Apocalypse Now? It is considered a Tragicomedy.
I sure do! Bob Peck starred in Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow.
Ok, if you like horror films I'd recommend The Fault in Our Stars, or The Gunman.
Sure, some of the actors in the film are Zoey Deutch, Ryan Gosling and Ryan Gosling.
No problem! Enjoy!
I'm a Lisa See fan so that was a good read. Have you read it?
The Lady in the Lake is a Historical fiction novel.
It sure sounds like something you'd like to read! Have you heard of any of these?
Yes, Saina Nehwal plays for the Mumbai Indians and he also plays for the Mumbai Indians.
No, I don't believe she was in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Yes, the Tragicall Historie of Hamlet is another book written by William Shakespeare.
I like Romeo and Juliet, a classic!
She is a play. You should check it out.
Sense and Sensibility was written by Jane Austen. Would you like me to recommend other books by her?
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
I really like his song I Like It! How about you?
I think she is a good actress. Did you know she is also a musician?
I agree. I think I'll watch it now.
The Aviator stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Frances Conroy. Are you fan of either?
James Franco and Tom Cruise also starred in The Aviator.
He has also starred in Invisible Man. That is a great film. Anything else I can help you with today?
Ok.
I can't think of any of his movies. He directed The Wicker Man, which is a drama.
Yes, she is in it. It is a horror film that also stars Al Pacino.
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie!
Yes, she wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read these?
It is a horror novel. Do you like those kinds of books?
I do not have the information of the Historian.
You're welcome
I believe he is an athlete but can't recall what sport he plays. Wait, I think it's Golf.
no i don't like golf. what sport do you like?
no i don't know much about tennis but I do know that she has a sister named Serena Williams.
i really like basketball. what about you?
i have never been to a professional boxing game before. i hope you have a good day
he is a quarterback but he had a good career. do you like cricket?
I know they are owned by M Denise Debartolo York and they were the runner-up in super bowl XLVII
Kyla Pratt is the star of the Falcons.
I like the New England Patriots. They are owned by Tom Brady.
I do! She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Elie Wiesel.
I do! Un di Velt Hot Geshvign was released in 1958 and it is a non-fiction.
Yes, The Man in Havana was written by Marion Wiesel and was released in 1958. That is a great book!
He starred in Vulgar
I'm sorry I don't have any information on Vulgar. He also starred in X-Men 2. He's a great actor.
Yes William Lee Scott starred in the Butterfly Effect. He also starred in The Polar Express.
You are welcome. Have a good day.
It features two different actors, including Chris Martin and Nicole Kidman.
I believe so. Gwyneth Paltrow did star in Friends with Benefits.
I don't have any idea. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome!
I know Tom Brady gets a lot of flack, but I know Tom Brady gets a lot of flack, but I like the Chiefs. What about you?
Yeah, it is! And the movie is a biography genre.
Oh, I didn't know they're playing the Red Skins today.
Oh wow. He is very talented. He was a great actor.
I can tell you that he directed Hotel Rwanda.
I am not sure if he has worked on other films he directed.
That movie is in the drama genre.
Your welcome
Sure! Beatrix Potter wrote The Tale of Peter Rabbit.
It was released in 2007. It has a genre of Historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes! The Tales of Peter Rabbit has a genre of drama. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome.
Sure! It was written by Joseph Conrad. It is a Thriller. Do you like the genre?
He has also starred in Fifty Shades of Grey and Jigsaw.
The Croods is a science fiction film, similar to X-Men.
It is a proposal.
The Proposal is a romance and drama. It is directed by David Sorkin.
Alice in Wonderland was written by Tim Burton.
Lewis Carroll also wrote Alice in Wonderland. What else can I do for you today?
Great! Anything else I can help with today?
You're welcome.
The Incredibles is written by Brad Bird. Brad Bird starred in Ratatouille. what else can i do for you?
The Incredibles is also written by John Green, who also wrote The Incredibles.
William Hurt and Kristen Wiig also starred in Ratatouille.
Yes, he plays basketball as a point guard for the Denver Nuggets.
I don't know much about it, is it like a basketball movie or basketball?
I don't watch much football but I do like the Washington Redskins. My favorite team is the Washington Redskins.
I like basketball and baseball.
I'm not a big sports fan but I've heard they are a good team.
I do, it is a good movie written by Jim Uhls and stars Edward Norton. Have you seen it?
Sure, I enjoyed Walk Away and Behind These Hazel Eyes. Have you seen those?
Do you have any favorite songs from her? I do like Taylor Swift!
Yes, she is a judge on The Voice. I'm not sure if she can sing or not. She has a decent voice but she is very talented.
I prefer heavy metal and rock.
Sure! Hot Fuzz is a comedy starring Jim Carrey. Are you familiar with his work?
Sure! Do you like Shooter because it stars Zoey Deutch?
For thrillers, I can recommend Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee, or Zodiac?
Sure, Rum Diary stars Matt Damon and Josh Brolin. Do you like them?
Glad to help
I don't really know much about golf, but I do know that Jordan Alexander Spieth is an American professional golfer born in Dallas, Texas.
Did you know he is from Dallas?
No, but I haven't watched many games. My favorite sport is Basketball is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you have a favorite sport?
Serenity is starring Joss Whedon, Robert De Niro, and Jennifer Jason Leigh.
You're welcome. Sending them to you now.
You're welcome.
It is both a Sci-Fi and Action Film. I'm not sure if it's this one, but it's not scary.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Michael Gondy is a actor that starred in movies like We Have Faces, Wild Ones and Beautiful Creatures.
Be Kind Remind starred Marc John Jefferies and Quinton Aaron. Do you like actors?
I love them! I especially love Adam Levine. How about you?
I like some of their music. My favorite song is Don't Go Breaking My Heart
Okay, I'll have to check that out, thank you for the recommendation.
Yes! He is one of my favorite artists. I am a huge fan of his. Have you seen Moonwalker?
I haven't seen it, but I do know that she's a talented singer.
Oh, I'll have to check it out!
He is a soccer player. He plays for Manchester United F.C.
Manchester is a popular team. I prefer American football, soccer, and soccer.
I agree! He's one of my favorite players.
Sure, Puss in Boots and Far Far away are like Shrek.
Sure. This movie has the genre of thriller, crime, drama, and thriller. Are you interested in thriller movies?
Sam Rockwell and Jake Gyllenhaal are in it.
You're welcome.
Sure! Lea Thompson starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wild Life. Have you seen any of those?
Lea Thompson is the main actor in Wild Life. I don't have any information on that movie. I can give you some information about Lea Thompson if you like.
Lea Thompson is the main actor in Wild Life. Have you seen it?
She wrote Silence and Hush, Hush. Have you read either?
Sorry, I don't have that information
Hush hush is generally considered a fantasy and drama
You're welcome
I'm not sure who directed it, but the movie was directed by Jim Carrey
He also did voice work for How to Train Your Dragon
Yup also starred Charlize Theron. She was also in Zombieland.
You're welcome!
He directed Rango, a popular western movie. He also wrote this as well.
It is a drama released in 1999. It is a very popular film.
Yes! Rango is considered an action film. Do you like action films?
Your welcome!
21 Jump street is a great movie. Have you seen 21 Jump Street?
Ride Along has a cast.
That is true. Your welcome.
There are several blockbusters that have been made into movies. The Running Man and The Maze Runner are some of them.
Is there anything in particular you would like to know about her?
You will like that one. It's written by James Patterson. You should check it out!
It's a great book in the Vampire Chronicles. It's written by James Patterson.
The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins, who also wrote Gregor and the Code of Claw.
I'm not sure of the release date.
You're welcome!
She is a singer, song writer and television personality. Have you heard of her?
Mansfield Park is a genre Historical fiction. Do you like historical fiction?
Yes, it would be considered a romance. Have you heard of Desperate Hours?
Yes the genre of murder mystery is the perfect book. Have you read it?
Definitely! Did you know it was directed by Jake Gyllenhaal?
He is a famous author. He wrote Les Miserables.
I do not know the genre. However, another great book you might like is Xenocide.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Les visiteurs and Amélie are good ones. Have you seen these?
Amelie is a thriller and was released in 1985.
You're welcome. He also directed A Very Long Engagement which was released in 2002.
I do! I love his recent song Someone Else Calling You Baby. Aren't you a fan of his?
I don't know that, but I do know that he is a singer/songwriter from Leesburg.
He is with the Virgin Records. Do you like his music?
Marlon Brando has starred in a number of movies. I would recommend The Young Lions and The Wild One. Have you seen those?
Do you have any more questions about films Viva Zapata?
I'd love to watch it. It's a drama in my opinion.
I do, he's a great player. He plays basketball right?
Yes I am a fan
Yes, he did win the NBA All-Rookie Team
Me too he won that award
Mervyn Peake is a artist, she wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and was influenced by Michael Moorcock
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde is an original tale.
He has also written The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
Sure, he has starred in The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly. Would you like to know more about that movie?
Simon Beaufoy starred in Machine Gun McCain. He also starred in The Good and the Bad and the Ugly
Yes she did, she also starred in This Is the End and The Notebook.
You're welcome!
I don't have any information on that. I can tell you that The Drinking Room is one of the best in the world.
I can tell you that it is a movie that was released in 2002 and is a romantic comedy. Would you like to hear more about that?
I know that he is also a musician and a model.
2002 was a great year for movies. Sending it to you.
I heard Gabourey Sidibe starred in it. Its a good movie
The sequel to The Dark Knight is Batman Begins. Have you seen it?
Well there's The Dark Knight rises if you haven't seen it.
The Two Towers and The Legend of Tarzan are two examples.
It is a blockbuster film as well.
It is a good one. I hope you enjoy it.
The complete Anne of green gables, blue castle and the Rilla of Ingleside. Want to know more?
It was released in 1927. Have you read it?
The Witch of Blackbird Pond came out in 1926.
Sure! He also starred in Twilight. That's a great film.
You might also enjoy The Warrior's Way, another one of his films.
James Franco stars in it. He's a great actor.
You're welcome!
It was written by Stephen King. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, he did. It was a great movie. Did you know Peter Jackson starred in it?
I would also recommend The Mist or The Lawnmower Man.
Your welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
He was the composer of Who's That Chick and Where Them Girls At. Have you heard those songs?
I do like his music. Did you know he has a genre of Suspense?
I like Young Jeezy Yolanda Adams and Vanilla Sky. Do you like them?
Great! I hope that he has a wonderful voice.
Sure. The Interview was written by Cyrus Norwrasteh which also directed The Young Messiah.
It is a very good movie and it was produced by Steven Spielberg.
Great! Hope you enjoy it.
You are most welcome!
It was a great comedy starring Seth Rogan and Katherine Heigl. Do you like comedies?
It was released in 2009
I don't have any information on that.
You're welcome!
I don't know. I believe he is on the football team.
Yes that is the one, so I believe they won the 1976 Cup!
I do like American football. Do you have a favorite team?
I don't know much about Ryan Griggs, but I do know he is a musician.
I do! He's one of my favorite authors. He wrote Session 9 which stars Robert De Niro. Have you seen it?
It's considered a drama and a biography.
I'm not sure if he directed it, but he did direct Over Her Dead Body.
Sue Monk was influenced by Kate Chopin
Dr. Seuss is another author who is known for that book, have you heard of her?
I'm not sure about that, but he was born in London in England.
Yes what about The Lacuna?
It is a historical fiction. Are you into that genre?
It is a science fiction novel released in 1985.
You're welcome.
I love her! She is very talented. I especially like the song Camp Rock and Princess Protection Program. What about you?
Yes, he did. That movie was a romantic comedy and Julia Roberts was very funny.
Tommy Chong also starred in it. I haven't seen it yet.
Do you like it because it's written by Charlaine Harris?
Then I recommend Dead to the World. It's written by Charlaine Harris.
Sure! It was written by Charlaine Harris and released in 1996. It is a film based on a novel of the same name.
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like action films?
Skyfall is listed as a spy film.
Robert Pattinson starred in Skyfall. It is a thriller
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I don't follow football much. I do know they are owned by Mike Zimmer. I've heard they're a good team though.
I think their head coach Mike Zimmer has done a great job in this year.
I think they were the runner ups for Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Yes, the movie stars Stephen Baldwin, Kevin Spacey, and Peter Greene. Do you like movies with those actors?
I do like thrillers. Shark Night is a thriller by Christopher McQuarrie.
Yes, Tom Hollander also starred in Unfinished Business.
I do like hip hop. Do you like that genre?
I like alternative rock. I also like Tennessee Titans and Pink Friday.
Yes. Zipper was released in 2010 and it's a Thriller.
Yes, it was written by John Green and released in 2012.
I have heard of that book. It is a great book. Do you like young adult fiction?
You are welcome!
The original TRON Legacy is an Adventure Film starring Riley Smith and Kevin Smith. Do you like Adventure films?
Olivia Wilde also starred in Year One. She is a very good actor
Working Girl is a great movie he was in. It is a Thriller
You're welcome!
Sure! He wrote Teacher Man. Have you read it?
It's a sports team. It's a basketball team. Do you like basketball?
I can't recall some of the films he's played in. Are you a fan of either?
You're welcome!
I'm a big fan of Channing Tatum. Do you like him?
Channing Tatum also starred in Magic Mike.
It came out in 2007
Your welcome.
Are you referring to The Wonderful Wizard of Oz if you haven't already read it?
She has a wonderful voice. She's very talented. Do you like her music?
Yes, she is a great singer. She also had a voice on Lolita.
Yes she is. She is a very talented person.
Mac Miller died on June 1st recently. He was very young. He passed away in 2016.
Great. Glad I could help.
The Hobbit was released in 1954.
The next book in the series is Lord of the Rings.
Sure! The Rock was released in 1996. Movies similiar to The Rock is Eagle Eye, and Wild side.
Shark Night is a great movie. It stars Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore to name a few.
Yes, I think you'll really enjoy the movie.
James Rodriguez is a soccer player for FC Barcelona, are you a fan?
I know a lot about Columbia national football. My favorite team is the Broncos.
He plays midfielder
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
Some Sci-fi movies are Transformers and The Legend of Tarzan.
You're welcome.
Harold Ramis wrote Groundhog Day which stars Bill Murray, have you seen it?
It stars Willie Garson and Michael Shannon. It is a great movie.
I believe it is a romantic comedy. You should give it a try.
I sure can, he starred in quite a few films actually, ranging from Kill Bill Vol. 1 and Kill Bill Vol. 1 as well.
The Sky Crawlers was released in 2002. Do you like horror films?
I'm not showing that information but I can tell you The Sky Crawlers was directed by Kinji Fukas.
The Great Yokai War starred Charlize Theron, Sophie Okonedo, and Rupert Everett. Do you like any of these actors?
I will play it for you.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the series The Oz Books. The next in the series is The Marvelous Land of Oz.
Then you might enjoy The Looking Glass Wars. It is written by Frank Beddor.
No problem! I hope you enjoy it!
I haven't heard much of her music but I have heard some of her pop hits from her Get Sleazy Tour.
I haven't heard of it, but I heard it from a little bit about it. Do you like him?
She is a good musician. I enjoyed watching her play the piano. Do you like him?
Truman Capote's In Cold Blood was written by Truman Capote. He was also an actor who starred in Murder by Death
I do not know about that movie, but I know it has starred William Hurt and Jack Nicholson in it.
I am not sure about that, but I know it has a film starring Richard Portnow and Jack Nicholson
I don't know a whole lot. But, I know he won the NAACP Image Award. Have you heard of it?
I know that he produced the movie Artificial Intelligence. Have you heard of this movie?
It's a Romantic Comedy. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
I'm sorry I don't have that information unfortunately.
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
He wrote The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary and The Ugly Truth. Have you read these?
The Ugly Truth is a book written by Rebecca Wells, it is a book.
It was released in 2014
your welcome
I don't know much about basketball except that he was born in Chicago. I think he's a good player
I don't know if I'm familiar with him but I know he's a basketball player too. He's a point guard too.
I've never heard of them, but I will have to check it out. Thanks for the information.
I've seen them a few times when they've played the Atlanta Braves. Aren't they in the National League?
Do you know if they are in the National League?
I like the Washington Redskins, but baseball isn't my favorite team. How about you?
He is a good soccer Player. He plays at Mexico National Football team and Manchester United F.C.
Yeah, you're right. I know he played for Manchester United F.C.
Oh, I bet you do, he's pretty cool.
Stephen Sommers wrote Van Helsing, a thriller that incorporates the Vampire and Werewolf genre. Is that of interest?
It's a fantasy thriller. Stephen Sommers also directed It's a great movie.
If you like fantasy, you'll like The Polar Express. It's great!
It's a really good movie, I'm going to add it to my watch list.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I did not realize it was released in 1996. Do you want something newer and Indie?
I don't have any information on that, but I can tell you that Shirley Henderson also starred in The House of Seven Gables. Have you watched that?
Ok, I'll have to see it! Enjoy!
I don't really like it, but I do know that it was released in 2010 and is a part of a series.
You might enjoy White Fang or World War Z.
It's a good one. It's a great movie. It's a great movie. Tom Cruise starred in it as well.
You're welcome.
Yes, I can. I recommend A House of Night Novel by P.C. Cast.
I would consider it to be speculative fiction. Another example of that genre is Xenocide.
I'm not sure about that, but I can give it a try!
Wicked Lovely is a part of the series. I think you'll enjoy it.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Do you like For Whom the Bell Tolls because it is written by Ernest Hemingway or because it is a war novel?
It is a drama.
To Kill a Mockingbird and The Three Musketeers are also considered romance.
You are welcome.
I don't really know much about them. I know they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLVII though.
I'm not sure. They are a good team. They're having a good season. They're doing a lot of money for them. They're doing well in the NFC South.
He's married to Gisele Bundchen. She was married to a New England Patriot. But, she has been busy for many years.
The Town was written by Ben Affleck. Ben Affleck also starred in Paycheck.
It was a great movie. Jodig starred in it as well.
It was directed by Peter Craig.
Okay. Enjoy!
I'm sorry, I do not have any similar movies in this genre. Is there something else I can help with?
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is a great Sci-fi movie
Charlie Hunnam and Jerry Maguire starred in it.
I don't know anything else he directed, but he also directed Iron Man 2, Gone, Baby, Gone and Baby, Gone.
I'm not a huge fan of her but I have seen some of the movies she's starred in. Are you a fan of hers?
That is a good one, yes she was in that one - she's a wonderful actress.
Yes, Russel Brando was in it. It's a great film. If you like Russel Brando, it's really funny.
Starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn, what do you like about it?
I like him in 10 Days. He's a great actor. Doesn't he also star in The Wildest Dream?
I agree! He is very talented. He is a great actor.
I know it starred Meryl Streep and Emily Blunt. It starred Meryl Streep and Emily Blunt.
I don't have any information on other movies he's in, but he is a great actor.
I do. Sorry I do not have that information at this time.
You're welcome, enjoy!
peter. what else can i do for you?
It's a comedy.
Then you might like The Fiery Cross or The Running Man.
Jonah Hill, Chris Hemsworth and Jennifer Lawrence are the lead in this movie.
You're welcome.
Thomas E Connolly starred in The Road to El Dorado and The Road to El Dorado. Have you read either?
Yes, there's another book written by Thomas E. Connolly titled The Scarlet Letter.
You're welcome.
I know it was written by Sean Penn, and starred Sean Penn.
Yes, he is a writer. He wrote The Pledge which also starred Charlize Theron.
No problem! Enjoy!
A wonderful movie. It stars Johnny Depp and David Kelly. Do you like Johnny Depp movies?
Sure, I recommend The Rum Diary and L.A. Without a Map.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
Robin Hobb wrote The Dragon Keeper. Have you heard of it?
Robin Hobb wrote The Dragon Keeper. Have you heard of it?
Sure. Similar books in this genre include The Golden Compass and The Looking Glass Wars.
You are welcome!
Yes he wrote The picture of Dorian Gray and The Importance of Being Earnest.
Yes, it is. It's similar to Zoe's Tale. Have you read that?
It was released in 1960.
Great!
Yes! It was written by Sarah J. Maas and released in 2012. If you like that book, you might also enjoy The Assassin and the Desert.
Yes, it was released in 2014. Sarah J Maas starred in The Assassin and the Desert.
Sure, there's The Assassin and the Desert which Sarah J Maas movies. Have you seen them?
No problem! Enjoy!
Sure, she's a great actress. She's starred in Pride and Prejudice and King's Speech.
Yes, Mark Boal wrote it. He also wrote The Hurt Locker.
I agree. Jessica Chastain was also in The Campaign which is a great film.
I think he is one of the best players on the Colombia national football team.
I don't know much about James Rodriguez, other than he plays for the Colombia national football team, but I don't follow international sports.
She is from Columbian, and plays midfielder. Do you follow the sport?
Do you like the starring Roald Dahl or the genre?
He also wrote James and the Giant Peach.
You're welcome!
My favorite team is the Redskins. Do you have a favorite team?
I like hockey and baseball. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
I don't know much about them. I don't follow the NFL much.
I enjoy watching Paul Pogba play soccer, but I don't really watch it. Do you like other sports?
I like football and baseball. I'm a big fan of Brazil. What about you?
Yes, he was. He is a great coach.
Stephen R. Covey wrote The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People and it's in the self-help genre. Are you interested in more books by this author?
I don't have any other information at this time but he has written many self-help books. Are you interested in self-help books?
The 5 Habits of Highly Effective People was also released in 1989
ok thank you for the recommendation
Sure! Pacific RIm is a great adventure starring Jim Carrey. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
I know that Charlie and the Choovalier is a family genre, I know it is in the genre of War. Do you like these genres?
I have heard of him in the Pirates of the Caribbean: At the World's End, have you seen it?
He is also in The Rum Diary and the Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales.
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest was written by Lawrence Hauben starring Scatman Crothers. It is a Drama released in 1975.
The Man on the Moon is a great one! The War of the Worlds is another one that he directed.
Great, I would suggest To Kill a Mockingbird, if you like that one.
Well I'll give you a try, if you like that one.
You're very welcome!
Yes, he wrote Lauren Oliver. Have you read anything by her?
It's a good book. It's considered young adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
No problem. Enjoy!
I love Paul McCartney! He wrote Yellow Submarine with John Lennon.
That is true. Do you like her music?
Yes, he is.
I believe he plays for the Boston Celtics.
Oh, I didn't know much about him. Would you like me to know who he is?
No, I am not sure. He is a basketball player too.
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy Unstoppable. Have you seen that one?
Sure, there's The Black Dahlia which is a sci-fi movie. Have you seen that?
Tom Everett and Jennifer Lawrence are in it. It's a good movie.
Glad to help
I like him in the action movie Harsh Times. Which is your favorite movie?
I didn't know it was a good movie though.
The Prestige stars Hugh Jackman, Christian Bale, Christian Bale and Christian Bale. Are you interested in this film because of its element of magic?
You're welcome!
Yes, The Red Pyramid was written by Rick Riordan and it starred Tom Hanks. Would you like to know more about this movie?
Sure, The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor
you are welcome
He's a professional footballer who plays as a forward for soccer. He's a very good player.
Yes, the Dallas Cowboys are my team. I prefer the Dallas Cowboys though. How about you?
I like the Dallas Cowboys, what team do you like?
Yes, Sean Barrett wrote Xenocide. Are you a fan of speculative fiction?
Yes, it was in English.
Do you know if I can help with anything else?
thank you for the information.
I am not familiar with their team. I know they play in the Toyota Center
I watch basketball from time to time. My favorite team is the Lakers. What sport do you like?
I haven't watched any game in a while, but I've heard they're doing well this season.
I see he wrote Candide right?
I don't have that information but I can tell you that it was released in 1726.
You might like The House of Seven Gables then.
You're welcome!
Sure! How about The House at Pooh Corner? It's a classic children's literature.
Sure! Winnie the Pooh was written by A.A. Milne. She also wrote The House at Pooh Corner.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about him except he plays soccer for Manchester United F.C.
Yes, he is from Liverpool and plays for Everton FC.
Haha! That is where the stadium is located.
They have a coach named Jose Mourinho.
He is on the Argentina national football team. Are you a fan of soccer?
I watch it from time to time. Especially the LA Lakers.
This book is part of a series. the Dvergent Trilogy
Some other fantasy books you may enjoy are The Looking Glass Wars and The Golden Compass.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Pulp Fiction is a crime fiction. Would you say that genre for you?
John Travolta also starred in Zombieland.
Sure! Enjoy!
I know he is a soccer player for FC Barcelona, are you a fan of soccer?
It is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
Not that I know of but this book was released in 2005.
I'm not sure.
If you haven't read it, you should give it a try.
No problem.
Baseball isn't my favorite. I know they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLVII. Do you like them?
They have a good season, but they're doing well this year. Are they your favorite team?
Of course! The Mets are owned by Jerry Bruckheimer, and their coach is Tim Leary.
I know they are in the AFC South - a tough division
He's a killer. I'm not a big fan of sports. But I have heard of Kyla Pratt. She's a good athlete
No, I don't have a favorite player. Who is your favorite player?
Sure, It was written by Saulius Dagys.
I liked her in A Thousand Years. She is a wonderful actress. Have you seen it?
Trace is written by Susan Campbell. She has genre Young-adult fiction.
Oh its great. I haven't seen it yet. Is it good?
Yes he is!
Sure! Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented is written by Tim Dolin and Thomas Hardy
Thomas Hardy also wrote D'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
It was released in 1891.
It was released in 1891.
He was in Animal Kingdom: Let's go Ape. Have you seen that?
Hugh Jackman starred in it. Did you know it was also a movie?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Isabelle also starred in Little Bear which is a comedy.
Yes, it is in English.
You're welcome! Hope you enjoy.
I know he won the 2012 PGA Championship. I'm not a big golf fan either. I know he's dating Caroline Wozniacki
I believe he's from Northern Ireland. I'm not much of a golf fan.
Yep, he's from Northern Ireland, so I've never heard of it.
Sure, Tron: Legacy is starring Tom Hanks and Kurt Russell. Do you like the actors?
It is an action movie, and a sci-fi movie.
Great! The Island of Dr. Moreau has also been a film that was released in 2016.
Okay, glad I could help.
District 9 was written by Terri Tatchell and starred Sharlto Copley.
Great! The Neon Demon stars Bruce Willis. Have you seen it?
The Neon Demon stars Bruce Willis and Sharlto Copley.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
I do! She sings a beautiful song. A Thousand Years is one of my favorite songs.
Yes, and she is one of my favorite artists.
I like both of them with Ashley Judd.
I'm not sure about that.
Sure. That was written by Diana Gabaldon. It is also a romance novel. Have you read it?
Fiery Cross is a great novel. You might also like The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. It's a historical novel.
Sure! He also wrote The Snows of Kilimanjaro and Other Stories.
You're welcome!
Todd Phillips wrote The Hangover Part II and Old School, do you enjoy comedy movies?
He also wrote Old School. Have you seen it?
I have not seen it in a while. Is it a comedy?
Sure. I'd like to see. I know he plays for the Miami Heat. Do you like that sport?
I have not watched it. But I heard it was good. It is a great movie with a lot of people. Is there anything else I can help with?
I haven't read it yet, but I have heard of it. It is a good book. Have you read any of Hans Christian Andersen's work?
Yes, she did. You'll like that one as well.
You're welcome!
I would say it was released in 1513. Would you like to know more?
He wrote it in Spanish and Spanish.
I haven't read it personally but I have heard of him
There are many to choose from!
Pete Docter directed Up and also directed Monsters, Inc.
I don't have any information on what else she wrote, but she did write Up and the Revenge.
It is a drama
I recommend Brave 2 which is a Family Movie
You're welcome!
Kevin McHale is one of their major players though
Jon Gruden was the coach
I don't have information on Hardaway but I can tell you that he was drafted by the Chicago Bears
Yes, Renaldo Balkman is a great player
The Gunslinger was written by Stephen King. Would you like to hear more books by this author?
It was released in 2008.
You're welcome.
I can tell you that Fight Club has the genre Psychological thriller. Would you be interested to see some movies under this genre?
I'm not sure about that, but I do know that Zach Grenier starred in Robert Downey Jr.
I'm not certain of the producer.
I think they are one of the worst teams in the AFC north.
I'm glad I could help. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. Doesn't Gary Kubiak own the team?
Do you know who owns the Houston Texans?
I wasn't aware of that. That's all I know about the Browns.
He wrote 1Q84 Books 1-2. He researched Japanese studies.
I don't have that information
This book is about the life of young girl who runs a ranch and the daughter's love life.
He also wrote the book  [Z no shmetsu].
You're welcome
Tuesdays with Morrie was written by Saulius Dagys.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However I can tell you that this book is in English.
Sure. Saulius Dagys also wrote Memoir.
You are welcome. Happy reading!
Sure! Transformers: Dark of the Moon has a genre of Adventure, Crime, and Action movie. Do either of those genres interest you?
Predators had a genre of Fantasy, Sci-Fi as well.
Captain America: Winter Soldier has a genre Drama, do you like superhero movies?
I don't have information on Insurgent, but the movie was directed by Veronica Roth.
Great! Hope you enjoy it.
Yes, Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995. Do you like the book because of its story line?
He also wrote The Honk and Holler Opening Soon. Are you familiar with these?
Yes. He also wrote The Crucible, Where the Heart Is.
You're welcome.
Nathan Lane starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen it?
Yes it is! It is a great movie starring Katharine McPhee.
Yes, it is! Sex also starred in The Handmaid's Tale.
I am not sure if she was in it, but she did star in it as well.
William Hurt also starred in The House of Mirth which is an excellent film.
Sure! F. Murray Abraham starred in Thir13en Ghosts, The Grand Budapest Hotel and The Grand Budapest Hotel.
Sure! Scarface is a thriller. He also starred in Thir13en Ghosts and The Big Lebowski.
I cannot find a science fiction movie.
Well it was written by Chris Hemsworth, who also wrote Scarlett Johansson.
I believe it is. It's a superhero film.
No problem.
I sure do! He is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
I don't really like soccer, so I'm more into American football. What about you?
My favorite NFL team is the Washington Redskins. How about you?
I don't have that information. I do know that they were coached by John Fox
Did you know they lost to the Pats?
I like the Cowboys and Patriots. What do you think of them?
I would. Outlander was written by Charles Dickens. It is a Historical fiction, do you like that genre?
Diana Gabaldon also wrote Outlander. Outlander is a Sci-Fi book.
Xeneocide is the only Sci-Fi I have for this time.
You're welcome!
To Kill a Mockingbird is written by Harper Lee and released in 1960. I have not read it yet.
It was written by Jane Austen and released in 1895.
I wrote a book called Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind. Have you read that?
You're welcome
I have not followed soccer in a while, but I believe they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
Well, I have heard of this team as well. It's a German sports club and it's not bad. Who's your favorite player?
I don't know of him, other than he's a German tennis player.
Sure, One for the Money is a book written by Kirsten Smith. Do you like Crime Fiction?
The Princess Diaries is written by Meg Cabot. It's considered a historical novel.
Yes, it was and there are many versions available by Stephenie Meyer
Yes, she was and it has been made into a trilogy.
You are welcome!
Inside Out is a Thriller starring Kristen Wiig and Tim Allen. The movie is a Thriller
She was also in Vampire Academy. Do you like that genre?
It's considered a comedy-drama. It's really funny.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Great, have a great day!
Well I know he was in the movie "I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With", which also had Sarah Silverman in it. Do you like her comedy?
She sure did. She also starred in a television show called Everybody Loves Raymond. Have you heard of this show?
She has starred in many tv shows, including The Women of Brewster Place, and Blade Runner.
Sure! Ron Howard starred in A Beautiful Mind which is a historical drama. Do you like drama?
Well, A Beautiful Mind is a good one. Ron Howard directed it. Have you seen it?
Have you seen A Beautiful Mind?
Well, it's a good one. He directed and produced it.
Mr & Mrs Smith is written by Simon Kinberg and stars Vince Vaughn and Stephanie March. Are you interested in movies with those actors or writer ?
Brad Pitt also starred in Troy and Inglorious Bastards.
Sure! Donnie Darko is a Thriller written by Richard Kelly. The movie stars Seth Rogen. Do you like Thriller movies?
Yes, she did. It was released in 2001. You should check it out.
The Box is considered a Thriller. You might also like Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
Sure, The Golden Compass and The Looking Glass Wars are both great fantasy movies.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, The Throne of Glass is written by Rick Riordan. The next in the series is The Assassin and the Desert.
I'm not sure about it.
I'll add it to your list.
Sure. Similar movies in that genre include The Hunger Games: Catching Fire and Mockingjay.
Sure. Gothika is a comedy/ drama that was released in 2002. If you like mystery genres, this is a movie to watch.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
She has written Go Ask Alice. Have you read it?
I'm not sure about that, but it was released in 2011 and starred Nathan Lane.
You're welcome.
Sure! Do you like movies with Sandra Bullock in it or rom-com in general?
You might enjoy Catch-22 if you haven't seen that one.
It's a comedy about Steve.
Your welcome enjoy
Yes. I like Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes he also wrote The Fault in Our Stars, Paper towns and The Fault in Our Stars. Have you heard of these?
It is classified as non fiction and young adult fiction.
You're welcome. enjoy!
If you like Outlander, you might want to try The Name of the Wind.
It was released in 1943.
It's a fantasy novel.
Eleanor & Park is a great book by Rainbow Rowell. Are you interested in hearing abiout similar books?
Yes, she also wrote My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories.
Lola and the Boy Next Door is romance
Your welcome
I do! He wrote Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Yes he did. He also starred in the film. If you like his acting, you should enjoy A Walk to Remember.
I recommend Ratatouille, which also stars John C.Reilly. It's a great comedy.
I know she is great at tennis and is dating golfer, Rory McElroy
I like Serena and Venus better. Do you like them?
I'm pretty sure it is a comedy.
I sure can! He's a great director. Have you seen Apocalypse Now? He directed that.
I don't have that information, but I know it was written by Stephen McHattie, who also starred in Sucker Punch.
Sure, it is a comedy, but it is also a thriller, so I would highly recommend it.
You might like Zoey 101 or X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing. It was good.
Okay, then you'll like The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor.
Yes, it is. It's part of the Gemma Doyle series. If you like children's literature you'll like them.
Sure, I'd recommend The Golden Compass or The Ruby in the Smoke. They're both great!
Sure! You're welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
Rebecca was written by Daphne du Maurie.
It's a mystery. Do you like those types of books?
No. I do not have that information.
No problem. Enjoy!
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
Case Keenum was a quarterback for the Denver Broncos. Do you like him?
James Cameron is their coach. I don't know much about football either.
Who is your favorite player?
He's a great player. He's a basketball player too. He's my favorite!
He's a soccer player for a Spain national football team. Do you like soccer?
I am not sure, but he was a midfielder as well.
Yep! It is the home stadium.
A Wrinkle in Time is a Science Fiction book written by Madeleine L'Engle. She also wrote The Old Curiosity Shop
It is a Fantasy. Do you like Fantasy?
Great! Zoe's Tale and Z for Zachariah are both science fiction books.
You're right, it was written by Robert O'Brien.
I do! I like his song Marry You. Do you have a favorite song of his?
I like Lose Yourself. He is my favorite. What is yours?
I haven't heard that one yet. Is that a genre you like?
Sure! You may enjoy The Phantom Tollbooth. It is a speculative fiction novel and was co-written by George Spafford. Have you read these?
Sure, The Phantom Tollbooth is a fantasy novel and was released in 1996
You're welcome, hope she enjoy it!
You're welcome. I hope that you enjoy it!
Well, I know he was born in Atlanta but plays quarterback for the Carolina Panthers. Are you a football fan?
The Wildcats are a great team and their coach David Beckham is a great player though.
Do you know of any other movies Woody Harrelson stars in?
Sure, Jean-Pierre Jeunet wrote Micmacs.
Micmacs is a French Crime Fiction. It is also a thriller.
Jake Gyllenhaal and Michael Pena. I'm not sure who stars in Zulu.
Your welcome.
Sure, it's written by Jay Asher and the genre is young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
He has also written The Future of Us with Carolyn Mackler.
No problem, all of them are great reads.
It was released in 2005.
It's an autobiographical novel by Emma Stone . Do you like to read it?
Jane Austen also wrote Emma and Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility. Have you read those?
Lady Susan was published in 1817.
Ok great, enjoy!
Sure! He wrote Michael Clayton. It starred George Clooney. Do you like that film?
I would recommend The Mechanic which is a thriller starring Charlize Theron.
The Red Violin was written by Terry Gilliam and stars Susan Sarandon and Josh Brolin. It is a mystery genre film.
I hope you enjoy it!
