Sure! Do you like the movie because it's an adventure or because it stars Morgan Freeman?
I haven't seen it yet, but heard it's great!
Yes, The Death Wish is a Drama, similar to The Hitman's Bodyguard.
Yes, The Hitman's Bodyguard was released in 1999 and is an action film.
You're welcome.
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans.
Sure, she wrote The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian. Do you want a recommendation for a similar book?
The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian
You're very welcome
There's Something About Mary stars Robin Williams and was written by Bobby Farrelly
She's starred in "There's Something About Mary" and "There's Something About Mary."
Yes, it also starred Matt Damon and Ben Stiller. It's a great movie.
Just Listen is written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her work?
no i dont know. what else can i do for you?
yes that is correct. do you like any other genres?
you are welcome have a good day.
Don Cheadle starred in the drama Crash. Have you seen it?
Yes, it's a Crime and Action film. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Yes, it's a great movie starring Don Cheadle and Liam Neeson.
You're welcome!
He plays cricket and was recently named Cricketer of the Year.
He is on the Delhi Daredevils. Do you like Indians?
I don't know any players on the team, but I do know a few players on the team.
Yes, he directed Pushing Tin and Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time.
Pushing Tin is written by Jeffrey Nachmanoff and was released in 1999.
Sure, no problem!
Sure, no problem!
I think he is a very good basketball player. What do you think of him?
Yes, he is a basketball player. I think he plays for the Golden State Warriors.
Yeah, I think I've heard a lot about basketball. I'm a big Dallas Cowboys fan. What about you?
That sounds about right. He has a brother named Seth Rogen who plays for them.
I don't really know much about cricket, but I'm more of a American Football fan.
Hot Fuzz is a black comedy starring Matt Damon and was released in 2010.
Yes, he was in Shaun of the Dead. Do you like science fiction movies?
Sorry, I don't have that information.
Sure, enjoy the movie
He was in several action films such as State of the Union, Wilde, and Vertical Limit just to name a few.
You might enjoy Gone Girl, Gone Girl, Gone Girl, or Gone Girl. Have you seen any of those?
You're very welcome!
Yes, that's a great movie starring Harrison Ford. Do you like his movies?
I haven't seen any of them, but I do enjoy thrillers. Are you in to thrillers?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Will do! Enjoy!
No problem!
Are you interested in any of the movies directed by M.J. Barton?
It was written by Meg Cabot.
Shawnee Smith and Marlon Brando star in this movie.
Would you like to hear about other films he stars in?
Yes, it is a horror film.
You're welcome
Sure, it was written by Thomas Christensen and released in 1989.
It was also released in 1989 and is a romance novel.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He directed The Hunted, The Exorcist, and The Exorcist just to name a few.
The Hunted is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
The Devil and Father Amorth is a Thriller and was released in 1999 and directed by Roland Emmerich.
Yes, The Great Gatsby is a novel and The Voyage of the Dawn Treader.
Then you'll like Tender is the Night.
It was written byurgeon Surgeon and it's a biographical novel. Do you like that genre?
The clockwork princess is written by Cassandra Clare. Are you looking for more by her or more by her?
Yes, she has. She also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex.
Of course! Enjoy!
You're welcome!
Unforgiven starred Kevin Corrigan and Anthony Heald.
I'm not sure about that, but Morgan Freeman starred in The Civil War and Sci-Fi movies like The Civil War and Levity.
I'll have to give that a try.
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Hunger Games. Have you seen that?
Yes, another movie Josh Hutcherson starred in The Hunger Games Triology: Catching Fire.
Sure, I hope you enjoy it!
I think she starred in Madonna. She was friends with Britney Spears too.
She starred in Men in Black 3 and was friends with Madonna.
Yes, he did. He starred in Smurfs, and Swept Away.
I think he plays cricket in the India national cricket team.
Yes, he was on the Chennai Super Kings. Are you a fan?
You are welcome!
Amy Poehler wrote Yes Please have you read this book?
harry potter . what else can i do for you today?
Freddie Mercury starred in Mean Girls. what else can i do for you?
Tina Fey has written several books. Tina Fey has genre Television. what else can i do for you today?
I don't know much about them. Are they a sports team?
Yes, I know that they play in the National League East and were recently runner ups for Super Bowl XLVIII.
You're welcome!
Jonathan Levine directed The Wackness, starring Mary Kate Olsen.
Jane Adams also starred in X-Men 2. Have you seen that?
Yes it was released in 2015.
Your welcome
Sure! He starred in Taken 2 and Taken 2. Have you seen those?
Liam Neeson also starred in Taken 3 and Taken 3. Have you seen those?
Yes it is! Liam Neeson is in Taken. He also starred in Taken 3. It's a great movie!
Enjoy!
I don't really follow football so I don't know much about them. Are they having a good season?
I think it's overrated so it's not overrated.
Oh wow, that's right. I apologize.
Iron Man is a great movie. It starred Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Yes, he is a screenwriter who wrote The Assassination of Jesse James
Yes, Tate Donovan, who starred in Push, Nevada.
I'm not sure. I think George Clooney wrote The Captain America: The Civil War.
You're welcome.
Are you interested in other books by Dean Koontz?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. I'm sorry.
Jonathan Kellerman also wrote A Time to Kill and The Subtle Knife.
The Man in the Iron Mask is a similar book.
Have you read Treasure Island by Robert Louis Stevenson?
You're welcome
I think she is a great artist. I really like her song The Secret Life of Bees. How about you?
I don't know much about her music. Do you like Nicki Minaj?
I don't really know any similar artists, but I do know David Guetta is from France. Do you like his music?
Of course. Something Borrowed is a romance novel written by Jonathan Kellerman. Do you like romance novels?
Yes it was released 2012 in the English language.
Then you might like Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Judd Apatow wrote Knocked Up. Do you like speculative fiction?
Groundhog Day was written by Harold Ramis and produced by Steven Spielberg.
Yes he did, he was also in Catch-22 which was a great movie.
He also directed and starred in The Christmas Blessing, which is a comedy.
Sure, it stars Steve Buscemi and Paul Giamatti and is a comedy.
He wrote Year One, and This Is 40.
You're welcome!
I think he is a composer and songwriter. He wrote New Perspective!
Oh yea, he is a good songwriter
That's a great songwriter!
I like Ryan Ross, he is a great singer.
There's Something About Mary is a great book. It was written by Bobby Farrelly
I haven't seen it yet, but did you know that Matt Dillion starred in the movie?
It is a Romantic Comedy starring Matt Dillon and Josh Brolin.
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
Sure! The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society was released in 2008. It's considered a historical fiction.
I'm glad to help!
Great, have a good day!
George Orwell wrote it, and released it in 1945. Have you read it?
Animal Farm: A Fairy Story was also written by George Orwell. He also wrote Nineteen Eighty-Four which is an excellent book.
Are you referring to the book The Temple of My Familiar?
I'm not sure of the release date
I believe it to be a drama
You are welcome
Oldboy is a Thriller. Similar Thriller movies include Unleashed, Where the Wild Things Are, and The Secret Life of Bees.
Have you seen A Good Ole Fashioned Orgy?
I'm not sure who stars in Lady Vengeance.
Yes, she stars in a thriller film called Prejudice.
You're welcome!
The Ice Storm is a great one he wrote.
He has produced The Ice Storm, The Skull, and Blade Runner. Have you seen any of those?
Sure, he wrote, Pan's Labyrinth, and The Stone Angel. Do any of those sound interesting?
Yes, she is the author of Zsa Zsa Gabor. She was born in China. She was influenced by China Mieville and she died in a fire.
Yes, it is a crime fiction novel.
Sure, it was written by Steven Spielberg and it was released in 1990.
Yes! Jurassic Park is a Sci-fi film.
Yes, he directed Jurassic World.
Rickie plays golf for the U.S. right?
I don't watch much golf but I do know he is from the United States of America.
Haha, I love Adam Sandler movies. Do you?
Do you like the author J.R.R.R. Tolkien?
Have you read the Lord of the Flies or the Lord of the Flies?
Yes. The Silmarillion is a great book. I think you would like it.
Wes Craven directed My Soul to Take and the Scream series. Have you seen them?
Right! My Soul to Take stars Keanu Reeves and he has a great cast.
Great, I think you will enjoy it!
The Lost World: Jurassic Park is a sci-fi movie starring Vanessa Lee Chester and Richard Schiff. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Then you might like Zombie Hunter or X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
I think you'll like the first one.
Sure. Bob Peck has starred in Jurassic Park, Jurassic Park, Jurassic Park, and Lord of the Flies. Have you seen any of those?
Surviving Picasso is a French film. He is from France.
Sure. Joss Ackland has a genre of Science Fiction and Speculative Fiction.
The Little Prince would be considered a historical period drama.
Sure. Have a great day.
He is a football player, and married to Gisele Bundchen.
Yes, that was a great movie. Did you know he also starred in the movie?
That's a great one. He also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
Yes, that is a great crime fiction movie starring Bruce Willis.
Me too! Have you seen Hudson Hawk? It is a great movie by him.
Yes, he did. Roderick Throp also wrote Die Hard with a Vengeance.
That is a great film!
Alien is a movie starring Chris Hemsworth and has a genre Science Fiction.
Sure, you might like the sequel, The Silence of the Lambs, or the Watchmen.
Bats was released in 1991 and stars Lukas Haas. It's an excellent vampire movie.
You're welcome!
He directed the science fiction film Eraserhead. Have you seen it?
You may like Zombieland, X-Men: First Class, X-Men: Apocalypse.
Yes! She also starred in I, Robot, which is a great sci-fi thriller.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure! Alice Braga starred in The Rite and Repo Men. Have you seen either?
Repo Men is written by Jonathan Safran Foer. He also wrote The Assassination of Jesse James.
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Sure! Brett Helquist wrote The Wide Window and The Reptile Room. Have you read either of these?
Sure The End is a fantasy novel by Brett Helquist and its a fantasy
Sure, it was released in 2014 and is the second book in his series.
Yes, I do. Do you enjoy him as an actor or singer?
Yes he does, he also starred in the movie The Human Stain.
I have! I really liked him in The Sinner. Have you seen it?
Ok great! Enjoy!
Yes, he starred in Windtalkers. what else can i answer for you?
I'm actually not sure. It's a drama, but it is a drama.
I don't know who starred in Windtalkers. It is a drama film.
You're welcome.
I think he is one of the best football players in the world right now.
I don't know much about soccer, I heard he is good. What is the name of the team?
Yes, that's the only one that I have in mind.
Harry Potter and the cursed child is written by J.K. Rowling. It was released in 1988.
Jack Thorne starred in both the Harry Potter films. The cursed child is a fantasy.
I don't know much about them. Are they a football team?
I believe they play in the United States.
They are in the AFC West division as well.
Sure! Eoin Colfer wrote The Titan's Curse and The Ocean's Eleven. Have you read them?
Yes it was released in 2008
Yes it is a good one. You should check it out.
Yes, I think he is one of the most popular singers in the world. Did you know he is also a musician?
That's a good one. I think he's from Nashville.
I can't think of any of his songs, but I like The Weeknd.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a professional basketball player who plays as a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks.
I don't know if they have any games in the NBA. They are part of the National Basketball Association.
That was a great game! Celtics lost to the Watford Warriors yesterday.
Yes, Christopher Nolan wrote the sequel The Dark Knight Rises.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign
Yes it is. It was released in English and released in English.
Yes, it is very old. It was released in 1866 in the English language.
You are very welcome.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books. Other books in the series include The Marvelous Land of Oz and The Black Arrow. Have you read any of them?
I'd recommend The Marvelous Land of Oz, or The Golden Compass.
I'd recommend The Wonderful Wizard of Oz, or The Titan's Curse. Do those sound interesting?
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he is a midfielder for the Borussia Dortmund team.
Yes he does. He is a German footballer who plays as a forward for the Borussia Dortmund team.
Yes, he is. Yuvan Shankar is also a former world No. 1 in singles.
Yes, it's a great movie. Did you know that James Franco also starred in it?
I'd recommend A Corn of Thorns and Roses, which is a fantasy novel. Do you like that genre?
She wrote a book called A Song of Ice and Fire, have you read it yet?
I would also recommend The Assassin's Blade.
You're welcome!
Sure! He directed A Good Ole Fashioned Orgy. Have you seen that yet?
Yes, it stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet, did you see it?
Titanic came out in 2012.
You are welcome
Yes, it is a great Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
Then you'll like Horton Hears a Who!
Yes, it is. It's a romance novel.
She wrote The Hunger Games and Mockingjay. Have you read any of them?
I like Venus better than Venus. Did you know Venus also starred in a hair show?
They were both excellent in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
That's right.
Yes, Michelle Wie is a female golf athlete from Honolulu.
That's a good choice. Did you know that she won the Women's Golfer of the Year?
Anything else I can help you with?
Sure. She wrote a few books like You've Been Warned as well as a few others. Have you read any of these?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes, similar novels include Seven Years to Sin, Reflected in You and Our Mutual Friend.
Sure, she wrote The Year of the Flood and The Robber Bride. Have you read them?
I don't have any information on the genre but I can tell you that it's a speculative fiction.
You're welcome!
Would you like to know anything else about The Handmaid's Tale?
I don't know much about him other than he is an athlete that plays for the Uruguay national football team.
The move Carlos is a 2004 American suspense film starring Cristiano Ronaldo. Would you like to hear more titles?
Yes, this movie was released in 2011. Would you like to watch it?
Sure! Do you like this book because it is a fantasy or speculative fiction?
Tahereh Mafi wrote  [Z no shmetsu]
Yes it was released in 2014 and has a genre of Science Fiction. Does that interest you?
It was released in 2014 and is a young adult novel.
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and The Other Side of Heaven.
You're welcome.
Yes, Wally Lamb wrote The Hour I First Believed and She's Come Undone. Do you like fiction?
It was released in 2015. It is a children's literature.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Sure, he directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it yet?
It's a romance and a drama.
It stars Josh Brolin, Christian Bale and Olivier Rabourdin.
It came out in 1999 and is also a movie.
Sure. Please enjoy
You are welcome
I know he wrote A Separate Peace, which is a young adult fiction novel.
It is a Young-adult fiction novel. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Yes, it is a book similar to Un Lun Dun.
Your welcome.
Sure! Are you interested in books by Jane Austen or romance novels in the same genre?
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
Yes, that's a great book. I highly recommend it.
Lauren Willig wrote Wuthering Heights, which is a novel.
The Giver was written by Lois Lowry and is a dystopian novel. Do you like dystopian fiction?
Then you'll like Wildwood Dancing. It's also young adult fiction.
You're welcome.
Did you like it because it's a Thriller?
Sure, I can download Straw Dogs.
You are welcome.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is written by J.K. Rowling. She also wrote Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince.
Have you seen Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban?
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie.
Mindy Kaling wrote The Social Network and The Social Network. Have you read either of those yet?
Sure, it is an Autobiography that was released in 1999.
Yes, it's a very popular book.
You are welcome!
He wrote оскресение and оскресение.
Anna Karenina wrote аренина. аренина аренина аренина аренина. аренина аренина аренина аренина аренина аренина. аренина аренина аренина. аренина аренина аренина аренина аренина аре
You are welcome. Goodbye.
Sure! Cathereine Hardwicke wrote The Count of Monte Cristo. Have you read it?
The starring in Red Riding Hood are Amanda Seyfried, Gary Oldman, and Billy Burke.
I don't have any information on other films she directed, but a similar film is The Prestige.
Yes, he is a soccer player from England. He plays the forward position.
I don't know much about that, but I do know he plays the forward position.
Yes he is.
I haven't seen it but I heard it's a good movie. I think it's a good movie.
Yes, he was in the English Patient. He was a very good actor.
I liked Juliette Biden in the Comedy Genre too. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it is written by Maria Semple and released in 2012.
Yes, she is a great writer. She wrote Where'd You Go, Bernadette.
Certainly!
Sure! Lauren Kate wrote Passion and Rapture. Have you read either of those ?
Torment was released in 2010. It's considered a dystopian novel.
Sure thing! Enjoy!
Lewis Carroll starred in Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you seen it?
Yes. Johnny Depp also starred in The Rum Diary.
Well, if you have watched X-Men you might like X-Men you might like that one.
You're welcome.
I'm sure you'll enjoy them.
I haven't heard much about them. Are they part of the National Football League?
Sure, some of the current players are René Meulensteen and Victoria Coppola.
You're welcome!
Lauren Oliver wrote Zoo and You've Been Warned among others.
You may like Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee and Kyla Pratt
It's a Thriller. I think you'd enjoy it.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure! David Silverman directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen it yet?
Sure! The Simpsons movie was written by Donna Tartt and released in 2010.
Yes. David Silverman wrote The TV series - The Simpsons Movie. Would you like me to send it to you?
You too!
I know he is a cricket player, right?
Not really. I am more of a cricket fan.
He is an author and he was born in Delhi. He is a famous cricket player.
Yes, it is a great movie starring Orlando Bloom and Billy Boyd. Do you like the Lord of the Rings?
Sure! He also starred in Troy, Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest, and Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man.
Great, hope you enjoy it!
Yes I do. The Death Cure is a young-adult fiction book by James James.
Yes, it was written by James Patterson.
Yes, it is a young-adult fiction book. It was released in 2010.
Nicola Kraus wrote The Nanny Diaries.
I don't know any similar book, but if you like Nicola Kraus you might also like Shutter Island.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is written by J.K. Rowling. It's a young-adult fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he starred in The Casual Vacancy. Have you seen it?
Yes, he starred in The Casual Vacancy which is a TV show.
Yes, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen them?
Sure! Do you like Fantasy movies?
I don't have any information on what else he directed, but some examples are Reservoir Dogs and Pulp Fiction
It's about two magicians who battle to create the ultimate illusion. The movie is based on a true story.
It is a great movie.
I think she's a great singer and actress. Did you know she starred in The Muppets?
He directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13. Do any of these sound good?
He also starred in the movie The House of Mirth.
I don't have any information on that one. But he did star in The Dirty Dozen. He's a great actor.
Sure, J.R.R.R. Tolkien, Orlando Bloom and Billy Boyd are a few of the actors in the movie.
The Good Doctor is a thriller and stars Natalie Portman. Would you like to know more about her?
Yes, it's a great movie. I think you will enjoy it.
I don't really follow tennis, so I don't really follow any sport. Are you a tennis fan?
Yes, Serena has a better voice. I think Serena is the most talented tennis player in the world.
Yes, she was the owner of the Miami Dolphins, which was released in 2003.
I don't know much about him other than he plays Midfielder. Do you like him?
Yes, he is. He currently plays for the Seattle Seahawks.
I don't follow much, I prefer American football.
I would recommend John Hughes if you haven't seen it already. It is a great movie.
Home Alone stars Bruce Willis and is a comedy. Do you like any other genres?
Sorry, I don't have that information.
You are welcome
I don't really know much about him other than he's a songwriter. Do you?
I don't really know if he does music. But Jason Derulo is a great artist. I think he influenced his music.
I agree. Selena Gomez is very talented. She has a great voice.
Do you like Shawshank Redemption because it is written by Stephen King?
He also wrote The Mist and the Lawnmower Man. Have you read those?
You're welcome!
Do you like Fantasy books?
Yes, it is the same title.
Yes, he wrote the series.
Yes, I do. He starred in Deadpool and The Transporter Refueled.
Yes, Radivoje Bukvic starred in The Transporter Refueled and Deadpool.
The Kind of Traitor is a horror film.
Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore.
Sure, another thriller you might enjoy is Scream 4 and Zoom.
You're welcome.
That's the fourth in the Indiana Jones series of books. Have you read any of them?
Treasure Hunt is a good one. what else can i do for you?
The Last Crusade is a science fiction/Thriller.
I'm not sure who he is. Is he a cricket player?
He plays Cricket for the Mumbai Indians and he plays the Mumbai Indians.
Yes he does. Rohit Sharma is another player.
Yes, Nagpur is another example.
Sure, he wrote The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell. Have you read that?
It was released in 1980 and is the second in the series.
Yes, he is. I would also recommend Island of the Blue Dolphins.
That book was written by Ian Fleming. He also wrote The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.
Sure, Christopher Hampton wrote All the Light We Cannot see, Have you heard of this one?
The film is a mystery and suspense film.
I don't know much about the movie but I do know it was released in 2005 and is a thriller and suspense film.
You're welcome.
2012 is a Sci-Fi movie. Are you looking for something in that genre?
It is a Crime Thriller
Matt Damon starred in that movie.
That book was written by J.K. Rowling who also wrote Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
Did you like it because it was a Romantic Comedy?
Yes. Did you know Emma Stone starred in The Fifty Shades of Grey?
Yes! He starred in The Croods.
I know she starred in The Muppets a musical comedy film.
I haven't seen it yet. Is it good?
Yes, it was written by John Grisham and released in 1999.
The Client is a psychological thriller
The Firm is a thriller and The Pelican Brief is a good one.
You're welcome.
He plays football right? I don't really know much about him.
I know he plays as a striker and he was born in Rio de Janeiro
I enjoy basketball and football as well
Baseball in summer is a great sport
Yes, the Packer is a great player.
I'm not much of a football fan. I prefer American Football. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about soccer. Are you a soccer fan?
I agree. They are the best in the league right now.
Did you like the time traveler's Wife because it was written by Bruce Joel Rubin?
It is a mystery novel similar to Violets Are Blue.
Happy reading!
You are welcome.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to know other books in that genre?
Zoombies is written by Luc Besson
The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York is written by Virginia Woolf. Are you a fan?
Have you read The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York, Mariner?
It is a fiction novel.
You're welcome!
Yes, she did. Did you know she also starred in the movie The Good Girl?
Yes, she did! She also starred in Call Me Maybe, did you know she also starred in it?
That's a great one! I liked her on American Idol.
Sure, he directed both "The Godfather" and "The Affair"
The Others stars Nicole Kidman and Joel David Moore.
You're welcome!
Well, he wrote Madame Bovary. Are you interested in literary ?
It's a romance novel released in 1856.
Sure, another romance you might enjoy is The Return of the King. Have you read that one?
He also wrote In Her Shoes, a crime fiction novel. Have you read it?
Yes, he also wrote In Her Shoes, a romance novel. Would you like to know more?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
Great, I'll add that to your list.
You're welcome!
He has been in The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October. Have you seen those?
Oh yes, he wrote The Secret Agent: A Simple Tale
Yes it was released in 1903 and is a romance novel.
It was released in 2004
He wrote The Road and The Crossing.
I have Horton Hears a Who! and No Country for Old Men.
The author is J.R.R. Tolkien
Your Heart Belongs to Me was released in 1986.
You're welcome!
Jane Eyre is a novel written by Charles Dickens. It was released in 1847.
He also wrote Jane Eyre, which is a romance novel.
No, I don't think so. But it's a great book.
You're welcome
It was written by Malala Yousafzai
Yes, he also wrote The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which is a similar book.
Veronika Decide Morrer is a speculative fiction novel.
He is a professor, and he writes a lot of books.
I believe he is playing for the Cleveland Cavaliers.
I love sports. I am a Lakers fan.
Yes, I am a big Lakers fan. I am a Lakers fan.
O Alquimista was written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988. The genre is Science Fiction. Have you read it yet?
Paulo Coelho also wrote The Alchemist. Have you heard of this one?
I'm sure you will like it.
Sure! Divine Secrets of the Ya=Ya Sisterhood was written by Rebecca Wells. She also wrote The Other Boleyn Girl.
Rebecca Wells has also written Ya-Yas in Bloom, have you read this one yet?
You're welcome!
Sure! Kami Garcia wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Redemption. Have you read either of these yet?
It is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
You are welcome.
She wrote Throne of Glass and The Assassin's Blade. Have you read any of those ?
She also wrote The Assassin and the Desert and The Assassin and the Desert.
You're welcome!
You're welcome
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a Sci-Fi movie released in 2002. It was directed by Rick Riordan. Are you a fan of Sci-Fi movies?
Kodi also starred in Underworld: Evolution and the Watchmen.
Yes, it is a crime film. Do you like those kinds of movies?
You're welcome.
Yes. The movie Artificial Intelligence is starring Brad Pitt and is a Cyberpunk. Do you like Cyberpunk films?
Gremlins is a great drama movie. Have you seen it yet?
You are welcome have a great day!
Sure, This is the End is a Mystery film. Do you like this type of movie?
I can't seem to find any information on the movie, but if you like Psychological Thrillers I'd recommend X-Men 2.
I'm sorry, I don't have anymore information on that movie.
Do you like Cold Mountain because it is a war film?
He also wrote Thirteen Moons and The Cold Mountain.
It's a speculative fiction that was released in 2003.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
I don't know much about them. I do know they are owned by M. Night Shyamalan.
He was in the Star Wars film, Independence Day. Did you see it?
Yes, Zach Galifianakis is a TV producer. I think he was also in the Olympics.
Bruce Almighty was written by Steve Oedekerk he also directed Ace Ventura: Pet Detective.
Sure! He also starred in Ace Ventura: Pet Detective, and Dumb and Dumber.
I do not have that information but I can tell you that it is a biographical film.
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Hunger Games and the Kids Are All Right. Have you seen either of those?
It's an Adventure movie released in 2001 starring Keir Dullea
She starred in The Kids Are All Right and also in The Kids Are All Right.
Game change is a drama film and a comedy.
You're welcome!
Do you like Pulp Fiction because it's a drama?
He also wrote Reservoir Dogs.
Sure thing!
You are welcome.
Sure, Tina Fey wrote The Long Goodbye and The Bad and the Ugly. Have you read those yet?
Yes, he was in Kite Runner and The Rum Diary.
Sure, he directed The Help and he also directed The Help and he also directed The Help and he directed Push, Nevada.
Yes, Cicely Tyson starred in Help and Get on Up.
She starred in The Women of Brewster Place and Oprah Winfrey.
You're welcome!
Sure! Are you a fan of Christopher Nolan's work?
Christopher Nolan
Sure! Star Wars is a great movie, such as The Star Wars, and Star Wars. Have you seen any of these?
Indiana Jones is a great actor! He was also in Star Wars, have you seen it?
Yes, it's a great movie. The Star Wars saga also starred Harrison Ford.
It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
She also wrote Circling the Sun. Have you heard of it?
I'm not sure but it was released in 2015 in the English language.
It was released in 2015. It's considered a classic.
You're welcome!
Sure, Lea Thompson starred in The Wild Life and The Wild Life.
She has starred in Speculative Fiction and Fantasy. Have you seen either of those?
That's a great movie. It also stars Josh Brolin.
He also wrote The Good Dinosaur which is a great movie.
I'm having trouble finding that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, it is a great movie starring Sofia Coppola and Robert Duvall.
Yes, Sofia Coppola starred in that movie.
Yes, he did.
He wrote Unaccustomed Earth which is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
He also wrote In the Time of Cholera. Have you read that one?
Yes! It was released in 2004 and is a Romance novel.
Sure! Enjoy!
He wrote Män som hatar kvinnor
Kristin Cashore wrote Graceling, Fire, Bitterblue. Have you read any of these?
Definitely! She wrote Graceling, Fire, Bitterblue. Have you read any of these?
He is a Children's Literature and Speculative Fiction. What genre are you interested in?
Sure! Other books in the same genre are; To Your Scattered Bodies Go, To Your Scattered Bodies Go, and The Lightning Thief.
The Giver is written by Lois Lowry and is a Young-adult fiction.
He's a quarterback for the Green Bay Packers right?
I do, the Dallas Cowboys are my favorite. Which team is yours?
I haven't. But, I heard he's a good quarterback
That's true. Can you remind me me who won the Nebula awards?
Yes, The Lost Hero is written by Richelle Mead. It's in the Young-adult fiction genre.
The Lost Hero is speculative fiction
Yes, The Titan's Curse is a young adult novel
You're welcome
Dan Scanlon wrote Monsters University, what else can i do for you?
It also stars Sam Rockwell, Kevin Spacey, and Sam Rockwell. It's a great movie!
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, he wrote The Messenger and The Book Thief. Have you read them?
The Prince is a fantasy novel.
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People is a self-help book.
Yes, he's a great singer and song writer. Have you heard of him?
Yes, its a favorite. I am a huge fan of his music. Did you know he was also a model?
I haven't heard of any of his music. I think I've been listening to some of his music.
Sure! Do you like books written by Truman Capote?
He also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Murder by Death. Have you read either of these?
No problem!
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Stead. It's a young-adult novel.
Yes, it was written by Jonathan Lethem and released in 1999. It's a good book.
Yes, it was written by Ted Tally and released in 1999.
I love her! My favorite song of hers is Wreck-it Ralph. How about you?
I am not a big fan of hers, but I like Selena Gomez, how about you?
I agree. I love her music.
Sure! She starred in X-Men: First Class, X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: Apocalypse. Have you seen those?
Sure. White Squall stars Jeff Bridges and Jason Marsden. Do you like these actors?
Coming of Age is a film starring Brad Pitt and is a drama. Do you like dramas?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that information.
You too!
Charles Dickens wrote The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club, Oliver Twist, and Oliver Twist. Have you read any of his work?
Sure! Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club was released in 1985 and was written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
He was influenced by Charles Dickens for his work. He also wrote The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club, Mary Shelley's Frankenstein.
Enjoy!
John Grogan wrote Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog. Have you read it?
Sure, he also starred in Marley & Me. Have you seen that movie?
Sure! Do you like Scream because it's a crime movie?
Yes, it is a horror movie. Do you like horror movies?
Sure, it stars Johnny Depp and is a comedy. It's a very funny movie.
Sylvester Stallone wrote The Expendables starring Jet Li.
Yes, he was. Do you like Sylvester Stallone?
I don't have anymore information on that movie.
Sure, it was written by Cassandra Clare and released in 2014. Have you read it before?
The genre is Fantasy. Another example of the City of Bone is The Iron Giant. Have you read that?
That's a great choice as well as City of Bones.
Sure, do you like Quentin Tarantino movies?
It stars Tika Sumpter and Thomas Lennon.
He is a good Table Tennis player from China. Are you a fan?
That's right! Did you know he competed on the 2012 Olympics?
I don't really know much about him other than he is a table tennis player.
Me too!
Bobby Farrelly starred in Stuck on You. Stuck on You is written by Peter Farrelly
It's a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes it is. Matt Damon also starred in Green Zone which I enjoyed.
Rob Cohen directed The Skulls starring Paul Walker.
Yes. William Hurt starred in The Skulls as well as The Death and Life of Bobby Z.
You are welcome.
Yes, it is a German sports club based in Munich, Bavaria coached by Louis van Gaal.
I know it is a German sports club coached by van Gaal.
Yes he did, he is a great player.
I don't really know much about him other than he is an athlete.
Yes, he plays for the Mumbai Indians.
Sure he directed Million Dollar Baby starring Hilary Swank. Have you seen it?
Tommy Lee Jones is one of the starring actors in that movie.
Enjoy!
Yes, he directed The Lives of Others starring Ulrich Tukur. Have you seen it?
The Tourist is a psychological thriller and The Lives Of Others stands out is a psychological thriller.
I am not sure who starred in the movie, but it is a drama film.
It was released in 2005. It's one of my favorites.
I believe it was written by Frank Darabont.
I hope you enjoy it!
I think they are the best team in the NBA. They won the Championship a few years ago.
What is your favorite basketball team?
Oh I see. I don't know much about basketball anymore.
Jane Eyre wrote The Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
Yes he has. He wrote The Notebook a romance novel
He also wrote The War of the Worlds, which is a great book.
Russel Westbrook is an American professional basketball player. Are you a fan?
I enjoy watching the NBA at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
No, I didn't know that.
He wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read that?
The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas has genre Tragicomedy.
You're welcome.
I don't know a lot about it. But I do know it was written by James Frey. Do you like him?
Sure, A Million Little Pieces is written by James Frey and has genre Speculative fiction and was released in 1991.
Sorry, I don't have any information on anything else he directed.
Richard Andrews wrote The tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark. Have you read it?
Yes. It was released in 1600.
I do not have that information but I can tell you The Winter's Tale is a comedy.
Sure. I will do that.
Toni Kroos plays for the Germany national football team the FC Bayern Munich II.
Yes he is, he is a midfielder on the German national football team as well.
I don't really follow soccer, I am more of a American Football fan.
Isn't he a tennis player from Switzerland?
Basel is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Isn't she the Call Me Maybe girl?
Yes. She won the Juno award for Video of the Year
Yes, she is. She has also won the MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year.
Do you like Jaws because it is a horror movie?
Yes! Keith Gordon starred in Jaws 2 along with Peter Benchley.
You're welcome!
Sure. She starred in the movie Amelie. Do you like French movies?
Sure. Amelie is written by Frances Hodgson Burnett. It's a romance novel.
Amelie is a romantic drama.
Yes, he starred in The Watchmen. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure of the genre but I do know that it was written by Stephen King
It is written by Steven D. Levitt and starred by Veronica Roth.
Sure! Craig T. Nelson starred in the movie Without a Trace, which is a crime fiction film.
Leslie Bibb has also starred in Wreck-It Ralph, another great movie.
You're welcome
Yes, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional American football franchise based in Tampa, Florida. The Buccaneers currently compete in the National Football League as a member team of the National Football Conference South division
I don't really know much about football. I do know the Buccaneers are part of the National Football League.
I don't really follow football. I think the San Francisco 49ers are in the NFC South Division and they're in the NFC South division.
I love Linkin Park, my favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
I can't seem to find any information on some of their music. Somewhere I Belong is similar to their music.
Yes, they sound popular and they make some exceptions for some reason. I like some country music.
Yes, I do. The Eagles are my favorite team in the American Football Conference.
That's right. They did win a lot of superbowls. They did win a lot of superbowls.
Do you know anything about the New England Patriots?
Sure! Do you like books written by Truman Capote?
Sure, have you read Utterly Cold Blooded or Gone with the Wind?
Yes, it was and it was based on a true story.
Sure, it is starring Tom Skerrit and Seth MacFarlane who also starred in Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tale
Yes it is. The Cat in the Hat is another movie you might like.
Sure! You might also enjoy the movie You've Got Mail. Have you seen that one?
I don't really know much about them. I'm more of a baseball fan.
Yes, I am a big fan of basketball. My favorite team is the Lakers.
Yes, The Dallas Cowboys are my favorite team! How about you?
Yes, it's a great movie. It was written by Rick Riordan and stars him as well.
She starred in the movie Friends with Benefits. She was in that movie.
Ted starred Matt Damon and was released in 2010. Would you like to watch it?
You're welcome!
He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen that?
Yes, he was! He was also in Birdcage with Robin Williams.
Yes, I believe it was released in 1969.
Yes I do. I like it. I like Orlando Bloom. Do you like him?
Yes he was! He also starred in The Good Doctor. Have you seen it?
I'd recommend The Good Doctor. It's a thriller.
Do you like X-Men Origins because it stars Hugh Jackman?
He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Resident Evil, and The Proposal.
Waiting also starred Hugh Grant and Angela Bassett.
You are very welcome!
Sure, do you like it because it's a Historical period drama?
He also starred in The People Speak, Push, Nevada. Push, Nevada.
He was in The People Speak, which is a great movie. He also starred in it as well.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
He also directed Slacker. Have you seen that movie?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Richard Linklater directed The Manchurian Candidate starred in this movie.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, it was written by Kong Kong and starred Samuel L. Jackson. Do you like Fantasy movies?
It is a Thriller.
Then you might like Zombieland, X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: First Class.
I think it's a very good one. It's a science fiction film.
They are a football team in the NFC south.
They play in the NFC East, along with the Washington Redskins
Are you a fan of the Pittsburgh Steelers?
Sure! Evan Goldberg directed The Interview. Have you seen it yet?
It stars Mindy Kaling and James Franco to name a few.
Yes he did, Channing Tatum also starred in The End.
Channing Tatum also directed The Young Messiah which is a great movie!
The Vow stars Mindy Kaling, Mindy Kaling, and Jess Harnell. It is a great movie!
You're welcome!
Sure! The Silence of the Lambs is a Psychological thriller. Do you like Psychological thrillers?
He has also starred in Wreck-It Ralph Fiennes.
You're welcome
You might also enjoy X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
Yes, The Lion King is one movie she was in.
If you liked her in The Lion King, you might also enjoy A Bug's Life. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome.
Yes, the movie written by Vince Gilligan, starring Will Smith.
He also starred in The Pursuit of Happiness. Have you seen that movie?
Sure, Shia LaBeouf is a science fiction film that was released in 2003.
Sure, here it is.
Yes! He is a soccer player from Manchester United F.C.
I don't follow much, but I know Fabrio Capello is a midfielder.
Not really. I know Fabrio Capello is also a midfielder.
Yes, he directed this movie. Would you like to know other movies he also directed?
I really don't really know much about them except they're a K-pop boy band. Do you like them?
They are both from South Korea and they are a great band. The name is Yojimbo, if you haven't heard much from them.
Yes, they did. They also starred in the movie Slumdog Millionaire.
Yes, Jason Flemyng starred in Wild Bill, Welcome to the Punch, Viy, and many others. Have you seen any of these?
Sean Penn starred in it. It's a great movie.
You're welcome.
Enjoy the movie.
I sure can! She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Elie Wiesel.
I'm not sure but it was released in the English Language.
You're welcome.
Do you like Hellboy because it is a Thriller or because it is a drama?
Hugh Jackman starred in this movie.
You're welcome. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, he is a famous author from Spain. He wrote The Last Temptations. Have you heard of it?
He was a physician who was influenced by Kurt Vonnegut. Would you like to hear more about the movie?
No, I don't know much about his films. But I do know he is in a relationship with Robert De Niro.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Are you a fan of hers? She has starred in a few films such as The Three Sisters and A Walk in the Woods.
The Six Wives of Henry Lefay and Judgement Day is a Crime Thriller.
I would suggest The Memoirs of Henry Lefay if you like drama.
Yes. He wrote SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling, Patriotic Prostitutes, and Why Suicide Bombers Should Buy Life Insurance. Have you read any of these?
That is correct. Stephen J. Dubner also wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
I haven't but I know he was from the United States of America.
I don't have any information on that title at this time but I do know Stephen J. Dubner is from the United States of America.
Edgar Wright wrote The Stand which is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
Yes, it is science fiction.
I agree!
Coldplay is a band with Chris Martin. Do you like their music?
Its a great movie starring Denzel Washington and Josh Brolin
Yes I can, one of my favorite songs is Beowulf. Have you heard of it?
Laini Taylor wrote Dreams of Gods & Monsters and Days of Blood & Starlight.
That's a great book! It was released in 2014 if you'd like to read it.
I believe it was released in 2013.
You're very welcome!
I haven't heard much about him. Is he a good player?
That's right. He is from Oakland. I think he was born there too.
I have seen him play on TV. I've seen him on TV. I've heard he's great.
Yes, he starred in Pulp Fiction and Grindhouse. Have you seen those?
It was written by Rhonda Byrne and also starred Rob Zombie.
Sure. He starred in Grindhouse, which is a Science Fiction Film.
Sure. Big Fish was written by John August and starred Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
Kenny starred in Hook Ya Crook. Have you seen it?
Sure, Kenny starred in Valentine's Day, The Matrix Revolutions, and The Usual Suspects.
You are welcome.
Sure! Phil LaMarr starred in X-Men: First Class, X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: Apocalypse. Have you seen any of these?
Sure, Zambezia has a genre of Thriller, Drama, Sci-Fi and Comedy. It was released in 2002.
It is a Mystery, Drama, Thriller, Suspense, Thriller, and Drama.
Sure, have a good day.
The Nets are a basketball team based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Me too! Transformers:Revenge of the Fallen is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
He also starred in the movie State of the Union.
It is a action movie starring Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal
Sure! Similar romance novels include The Fiery Cross and This Lullaby.
Yes, Voyager is a romance novel that also falls into the Speculative Genre.
Yes, it is a romance novel.
You are welcome, enjoy!
She is a tennis player from India. She played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
Not really, but I know she is a tennis player from Mumbai.
Yes, I have seen her in that movie. I hope you enjoy it!
Al Pacino starred in Looking for Richard.
It is a romantic drama.
Yes, he did. He also starred in Scream 4 which is a Crime Drama.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like another book from her?
Yes, it was written by Stephen King and it is a satire.
She also wrote Maniac Magee and Vencie Desire.
No problem!
Yes, she is a singer-songwriter from Philadelphia.
Yes, it is a great song by J.R.R. Tolkien
Yes it was released in 2010
You are welcome.
I don't know much about him. I do know he starred in a movie called Unbreakable. Are you familiar with it?
Yes, I love crime fiction. I would also recommend The Hurt Locker starring Edgar Ramirez.
No. Mark Boal also starred in The Hurt Locker. I highly recommend it.
Awesome! I hope you enjoy it!
Sure. He starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Hangover. Have you seen those?
Sure. Unaccompanied Minors starred Tyler Labine, Teri Garr, and Jessica Walter.
Sure, How about A Good Day to Die Hard, it's a comedy.
Yes. I'll add that to your watch list.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he is the writer of the movie The Godfather. Are you familiar with it?
It's a romance starring Reese Witherspoon.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it was written by Luc Besson and stars William Broyles.
Yes, Leo Tolstoy wrote Tolstoy.
Yes, Leo wrote Tolstoy's work is based on the book.
You're welcome.
Yes, the Twilight Series is written by Meg Cabot. Would you like to know more about that?
Yes she did. She also wrote The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner.
You're welcome
Sure. It's a biographical film starring Justin Timberlake. Do you like Biographical films?
Yes, I can tell you that Justin Timberlake starred in this movie.
Yes there are many good ones such as The Social Network, X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: Apocalypse.
You are welcome.
Sure, Jeremy Tambling is an author who wrote the biography David Copperfield.
Jeremy Tambling is also a writer. He wrote The Last Stand and he has written many books.
Zadie Smith is a great writer. I can recommend some of his works. Have you read The Temple of My Familiar?
John Carpenter directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13. Do any of these sound interesting?
It is a science fiction film starring John Carpenter and released in 1986.
She's awesome! I'll add that to your list of science fiction movies to your list.
Escape from New York is a Crime Thriller.
The Two Towers written by J.R.R.R. Tolkien
Women in Love was written by J.R.R. Tolkien
He also wrote Lord of the Flies and The Temple of My Familiar.
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski and stars Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, and Laurence Fishburne.
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski and stars Keanu Reeves and Laurence Fishburne.
Tom Hardy, Jeff Garlin, Jeff Garlin, Jeff Garlin are some of the actors in the film.
A Wrinkle in Time is a science fiction piece written by Madeleine L'Engle. Are you interested in science fiction?
You might enjoy the next book in the series called A Crack in the Sea.
Yes it was released in 1980 and is the second of the Young-adult fiction series.
You might like The Scorch Trials or The Maze Runner.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that it was released in 2005.
You're welcome.
Ayush Mahesh Khedkar starred in Slumdog Millionaire.
Slumdog Millionaire is a thriller.
Swarup was released in Mumbai Mumbai. Do you like Mumbai Indians?
You're welcome.
I know he starred in The Hobbit movies. Have you heard of them?
Aidan Turner also starred in the Mortal Instruments: City of Bones.
The genre is Fantasy.
Sure, you can check out The Lord of the Flies or The Golden Compass
The Golden Compass was directed by Chris Weitz
Sure! Did you like the book because it was written by Roald Dahl?
Zoe's Tale is a great book written by John Scalzi and was released in 2008. Would you like to know more about that?
Yes, it is Speculative fiction. Would you like to know more about that?
Yes, it was written by Donna Tartt and released in 2013. Do you like her work?
Yes. She won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and the Man Booker Prize.
Yes she did. The book was released in 2013 and also the movie The Secret History.
Yes, from the United States of America.
You're welcome.
Sure. Me Before You was written by Jodi Picoult, who also wrote Delirium.
That's a great book! Would you like me to add it to your reading list?
Enjoy!
Yes, it is a great young adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes he did Paper Towns. Are you interested in speculative fiction?
I'm not sure. Can I help you with anything else?
That's correct. I'll add that to your list if you want.
F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, The Great Gatsby, and The Great Gatsby.
I can't find any information on the genre for this novel, but I can tell you that it was released in 2008.
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote the movie Deadpool. Have you heard of it?
Black Hat is a great movie starring Ian McKellen
Black Hat is a horror movie starring Zach Galifianakis
You are welcome
Pan's Labyrinth is a young adult novel written by Guillermo del Toro
Yes! He starred in X-Men 2. Have you seen that?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I do know the movie is in English.
You might also enjoy the movie X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen it?
Can I help you with anything else?
Pat Conroy wrote The Prince of Tides and The Lords of Discipline.
Yes, he did great job in Tides.
Yes it was, Michael York also wrote a book called The End of the Affair.
Yes. Frédéric Mugler wrote  which was released 750 A.D. very old writer. Have you read it?
I haven't seen it yet, but I heard it's a great movie. Then I've heard it's a good choice.
I haven't seen it yet, I've heard it's a drama.
Robert Duvall also starred in The Apostle.
It was written by Sean Penn and was released in 1999.
Yes, Into the Wild was produced by Sean Penn. Would you like to know more about him?
I recommend True Blood if you haven't seen it.
I don't know much about him other than that he is an athlete.
Yes, he directed The King's Speech, The Damned United, and Les Miserables. Do you like his work?
Sure, Les Miserables is an action/adventure film released in 2012. Do you want to know more about it?
Have a great day!
I think he is one of the most influential artists of our time. I really like his song Marry Me. How about you?
I don't really know much about her other than that she is an actress. Can you tell me more about her?
I would have to agree. I like her song Till the World Ends. How about you?
I haven't heard much about him.
Yes, he is a German professional footballer who plays as a forward for LA Galaxy.
The coach is Jose Mourinho. Have you heard of him?
Yes, they won the 2005 PGA Championship!
I am not sure, but I can tell you that The Maze Runner is a young adult fiction book.
The author is J.R.R. Tolkien
You're welcome
Yes, a great book I can recommend by Roy is The God of Small Things. Have you heard of it?
It's a drama, do you like that genre?
Yes, it starred Craig Monahan and was directed by him.
You're welcome
That was written by Sue Monk Kidd and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Secret Life of Bees was written by Rhonda Byrne
i dont have information about the movie but i know it was adapted into a film
She wrote Dracula.
Nina Auerbach wrote The Assassination of Jesse James
Well, there are several authors similar to her, such as J.K. Simmons, who wrote Dracula.
You're welcome
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Billy Boyd. Do you like Fantasy movies?
Sure. Orlando Bloom starred in The Good Doctor. He also starred in Troy, which Orlando Bloom starred in.
You're very welcome! Anything else I can help you with?
I think they are a great team, did you know their mascot is named Toro?
Not really, but I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan.
Yeah, he owns the Houston Texans. Do you like the Houston Texans?
Yes, he starred in Wuthering Heights and Troy. Have you seen either of those?
Emily Bront also starred in it. It's a great movie!
It came out in 1967. It's a great movie.
Sure! Wuthering Heights was written by Emily Bronte and starred by Emily Bronte. It's a great movie!
She wrote The Good Earth which was turned into a movie. Have you heard of it?
It was released in 1903 and is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
The Waves was a great book. I would also recommend it.
Enjoy!
Are you referring to Maria Sharapova as a tennis player?
I know she is from Constanta and has played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
I hear it's a good sport to watch. What is the name of the team?
Yes, he played for the Pune Warriors in the India national cricket team.
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christensen and released in 1989.
I don't have any information on what else he has written, but I can tell you that The Crucible was also released in 1989.
You're very welcome.
You're welcome.
Sure, do you like Fantasy or Action?
Yes it is written by Zak Penn
Incident at Loch Ness was released in 2010
You're welcome.
Sure. That starred Julianne Moore and she is also in Magnolia, which is a similar film.
Then you'll like The Fault in Our Stars also starring Ryan Gosling
You're welcome.
Sure! He wrote Into the Wild and Into the Wild. Have you read either of those ?
That's an interesting fact. He was born in Houston, Texas. He also wrote The Green Mile.
The Dead Zone has genre Speculative fiction.
Yes! He has starred in all of his films.
Forrest Gump starring Tom Hanks is a great movie
Tom Hanks starred in Forest Gump, and Cast Away. Would you like to know more?
Larry Crowne is one of the most popular movies that he has starred in.
Enjoy!
I'm always happy to help!
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets written by J.K. Rowling?
Yes, it's in the same series as Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets.
Yes it stars Pierre Perrier and it is a Fantasy film.
I don't really know much about them. I do know they are owned by the National Football League and owned by Paul Allen.
I can't think of any other teams there are in the NFC East, but the Seahawks are a great team.
Yes, the stadium has a lot of interesting historical sites.
Stargirl is written by Jerry Spinelli who also wrote Young-adult fiction and Young-adult fiction.
Sure! He also wrote Milkweed and Maniac Magee, Maniac Magee and Stargirl.
Sure! It is also Young-Adult and is also young-adult fiction.
I think he is a great tennis player, do you like him?
That's right. Did you know Murray is from Switzerland?
I like Roger Federer as well.
Mary GrandPre is a Speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
You are correct. The Half-Blood Prince is a young-adult fiction.
Sure! What Alice Forgot is written by Liane Moriarty and it was released in 2009. Are you interested in her work?
That is correct. It was released in 2014. Liane Moriarty also wrote What Alice Forgot.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I think they are a good team, but I don't really know much about them. Do you like them?
My favorite team is the Washington Redskins
They seem to be having a good season but they are 4th in the NFC East.
I agree. He is a great player
X-Men 2 starring bruce davison
Sure. He also wrote X-Men: First Class, X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: Apocalypse.
The Incredible Hulk stars William Hurt, Tim Roth, and Tim Roth.
Sure. She wrote God's Smuggler. Have you read that?
The Hiding Place is a Non-fiction book released in 1962. It is a self-help book.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Noah Emmerich starred in Windtalkers. what else can i do for you?
Sure, you can try "The Warrior" if you'd like?
Ok, let me know if you need anything else.
Ok, glad to be of assistance.
Phil Lord directed my favoriteThe Lego Movie
Sure. 22 Jump Street stars Katharine McPhee, Joshua Leonard, and Bill Murray.
Yes, he was in White House Down as well.
You're welcome.
It was written by Sean Penn and stars Jon Favreau. It's a great movie.
Great, I can add it to your list if you want.
Yes, she has starred in No Strings Attached.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Do you like it because it's a Sci-Fi movie?
Then you might also enjoy X-Men: The Last Stand.
Zombieland is starring Mike White, Emma Stone, and Bill Murray.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you he wrote a similar movie called World War Z.
Anita Diamant wrote The Red Tent, The Last Days pf Dogtown, and The Boston Girl. Have you read any of these yet?
Yes, if you like speculative fiction, you should read The Last Days of Dogtown.
You're welcome!
Sure. A Little Princess was written by Nacy Bond and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The King of Attolia is a young-adult fiction. Would you like to know more about that book?
Yes, a great example of Speculative fiction book is The Little Prince.
A Farewell to Arms is written by Ernest Hemingway. Do you like Hemingway?
Then you'll like To Your Scattered Bodies Go.
To Have and Have Not is a Romance novel that was released in 1986.
Sure! Do you like Groundhog Day because it is written by Harold Ramis or because it is a Fantasy?
It has a great cast including Matt Damon and Josh Brolin.
Yes he was in Ghostbusters 2
You are welcome
I love Linkin Park, my favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
Sure, it is starring Ryan Reynolds and is a sci-fi. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Another sci-fi movie is The Terminator. Have you seen that one?
Yes it is! The sequel to X-Men: First Class is X-Men: First Class.
I'm not sure if she is in it, but I do know she was in the Action/Adventure Film.
Sure. Jean-piert wrote The Good, The Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that yet?
Micmacs is a Thriller released in 2002.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you he is a comedian.
Your welcome.
Sure! The Ocean at the End of the Lane is written by Neil Gaiman who also wrote The Ocean at the End of the Lane. Have you read it?
It was written by Neil Gaiman and released in 2013.
Great, enjoy the book!
It's a great movie. It was written by Joel Coen and starred Gary Oldman.
I can tell you that he has also starred in the science fiction film The Big Lebowski. Would you like to hear more about that?
I'm sorry, I don't have any more information on that director.
Do you like the movie because it is a drama?
It is an adventure film starring Matt Damon and Ben Stiller.
Yes! It is also a spy film.
Enjoy!
It was written by Jojo Moyes. Have you heard of him?
Sure. Jojo Moyes also wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer, The Last Man, and many others.
You are welcome.
Yes, he's a very author! He wrote The Count of Monte Cristo. Have you read that?
Yes he was. He also wrote The Count of Monte Cristo.
Other books in the same genre are; The Tenth Circle, The People of Sparks and The Three Musketeers.
You're welcome.
Sure. He wrote The Little Friend, The Red Tent, and The Big Lebowski. Have you read any of these?
Yes it is a great movie starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to hear similar movies in that genre?
Yes it is a great movie starring Peter Capaldi and Peter Capaldi.
Great, enjoy!
Sure! Katherine Paterson wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins, The Great Gilly Hopkins, and The Great Gilly Hopkins. Have you read any of these?
Yes there is a sequel. The Great Gilly Hopkins is classified as a Children's literature and speculative fiction.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Do you like it because it's a dystopian novel?
Shark Night is also a thriller. It stars Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore.
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore.
I know he wrote Walking Disaster, have you read it?
Walking Disaster is a/an Play. Plays in the Disaster genre is a/an Play.
I don't have any recommendations for murder mystery right now.
You are welcome!
Sure, have you seen the whole Matrix Reloaded or The Matrix Reloaded?
Then you'll like The Matrix Revolutions also starring Keanu Reeves.
I'm sorry, I don't have anymore information on John Wick.
You're welcome!
I don't really know much about her music. Is she a singer?
Yes she did, she also won the MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year.
Yes, she is on the bucket list as well.
Lana Wachowski starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen them?
Sure, I like romance movies like The Incredibles, The Road to El Dorado and The Matrix Revolutions.
Yes, it is. You'll like it if you like action films.
Blood Promise is written by Richelle Mead. Do you like Richelle Mead?
Yes, she wrote the book The Golden Lily which is a young-adult novel.
Yes, it was actually written by Richelle Mead and it's a part of the series Vampire Academy Collection.
Yes, Leigh Dragoon wrote it as well
Sure! Did you enjoy Mission Impossible because it starred Tom Cruise or because it was a Action/Adventure movie?
Do you like it because it's a fantasy?
Are you looking for something in the same genre, or do you like the movie in the same genre?
I'm not certain of his movies that he's in but he was also in the Action/Adventure Films.
You're welcome!
He starred in Ted, which is a romantic comedy.
Ted is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome!
You might like The Missing. It was written by Maruice Hindle. She also wrote The Last Stand.
Yes, that is true. Did you know The Last Hero was released in 1818?
Yes they are. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Pale Fire. Have you read them?
It was released in the year 1904 and is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
Yes, she did. He also wrote Madame Bovary.
I know they are part of the NFC South - a division of the NFC South Division. They are part of the NFC South Division.
I don't know much about football either. But the Dallas Cowboys are a New York Jets fan.
I love hockey and baseball as well. Do you have a favorite team?
Yes, there is a sequel to Toy Story starring Tom Hanks.
Yes, Tim Allen starred in Toy Story 3. He also starred in it!
It's a very entertaining movie!
Yes, I can!
Yes, he is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Do you like basketball?
I think he is from the United States of America. I think he plays basketball as a point guard.
I like basketball and baseball. I'm a huge volleyball fan.
Sure! Blade Runner is a sci-fi film released in 2012.
William Sanderson also starred in X-Men: The Last Stand and World War Z.
I agree, it's very entertaining!
Bood Diamond starred Matt Damon and was directed by Kevin Spacey.
Me too! Did you know that Bood Diamond starred Tom Cruise?
Yes, he starred in "The Wolf of Wall Street" in "The Moth Diaries" in "The Martian." Would you like to see it?
Sure. He starred in Welcome to Sarajevo. Have you seen it?
It's a romance film.
The Way to Sarajevo is a romantic comedy and drama.
You're welcome!
Law Abiding Citizen is starring F. Gary Gary who directed The Italian Job which you might like.
You might enjoy Snow White and the Huntsman starring Roger Bart.
I love psychological thrillers and crime fiction. Have you seen X-Men 2?
The fifth element is written by Christopher Nolan. Would you like to watch that movie?
Then you'll like X-Men: First Class
You're welcome
Yes, I love her. My favorite song of hers is Wreck It Ralph. Have you heard it?
I've heard some of her songs. Would you like to know some of her other songs?
I love her too!
Sure! He wrote The Three Musketeers, and The Last Man. Have you read any of those ?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you it was released in the year 1997.
Yes, it was actually. You should check it out.
Anita Diamant wrote The Red Tent, The Last Days pf Dogtown, and The Boston Girl. Have you read any of those ?
It is fiction.
Anita Diamant also wrote The Red Tent
Your welcome
Sure! The Untouchables is starring Sean Connery who also starred in The Wind and the Lion.
Another mafia movie is Mystic River. Have you seen this one yet?
It is a good movie, have you seen The Godfather 2?
It is a good movie
You're welcome
Yes, it was written by Roland Emmerich and released in 2011. Do you want to know more about the genre?
I am not sure but it is a thriller
Sure, have you seen Slasher? its a great movie
Do you want me to add it to your watch list?
You are welcome
Sure, she wrote Beautiful Creatures, have you read this one yet?
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
I'm not sure if it would qualify as Young Adult Fiction. I'm not sure if it is in the genre.
Glad to help!
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time is a fantasy adventure film similar to Prince of Persia.
The Looking Glass Wars is a great movie you might like.
I'm not sure who stars in it, but it's directed by J.K. Rowling.
You're welcome.
Sure, Sophie Kinsella wrote that, and she wrote Wedding Crashers which was released in 2005
Sophie Kinsella wrote Wedding Night, Twenties Girl, and The Undomestic Goddess.
Wedding Night is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome!
Kristin Cashore wrote Graceling, Fire, Bitterblue. Have you read any of these?
Yes, she is a romance novel
Voyager is written by Mark Johnson
You are welcome
Yes, she wrote A Tree Grows In Brooklyn, which was released in 1943.
The Tree In Brooklyn was released in 1943
Yes it was
Are you a fan of the Belgium national football team?
Oh cool. What other sports do you like?
Oh, I am a Dodgers fan. My favorite team is the Dodgers!
I am more of a Pittsburgh Steelers fan. How about you?
Yes, he is an actor who starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, I have seen it. Isn't he the guy who starred in the movie?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he directed The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which is a great movie.
Yes Embeth Davidtz starred in Shackleton which is an action film.
Jason Bateman also starred in Shackleton.
Shackleton was released in 1994
Yes, he starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and the X-Men
He writes in the genre of Speculative fiction.
Yes! He also wrote a book called The Princess Diaries.
You are welcome.
Sure, she wrote Throne of Glass and The Assassin and the Desert. Have you read any of those ?
I'd recommend What Happened to Goodbye. It's a drama that was released in 2011. I highly recommend it.
You're welcome!
Great movie starring Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield.
Yes he is. Did you know he also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man: The Secret Life of Bees?
Yes, Rashida Jones is one of the actors in that movie. Did you know he also starred in Walk the Line?
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote the book, Things Fall Apart. Do you typically enjoy reading poetry?
Have you read The Secret Life of Bees or The Little House Collection?
No, I haven't seen it. It is a good movie.
Your welcome have a good day.
Do you like Quentin Tarantino movies?
Yes, he was in that movie.
You're welcome!
Sure! Mitch Alborn wrote Tuesdays with Morrie, have you read this one yet?
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre Speculative Fiction.
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre Non-fiction as well as a memoir.
The Matrix is written by Lana Wachowski and stars Keanu Reeves. She is in the same genre as The Matrix.
Ninja Assassin starred Keanu Reeves, as well as Laurence Fishburne.
I think that he is a great artist, but i'm not a fan of his.
You are right!
I think I've heard that song. Echoes of Silence has a great voice.
Is it the book written by John Grisham?
Sure, a couple of his thriller books are The Litigators and The Firm. Have you read those?
It was released in 1987. It is a mystery/fantasy novel.
The Firm is one of the most popular novels in the U.S.A.
Yes. It was written in English and is also in the English language.
You're welcome.
The Cat in the Hat is a great one written by Dr. Seuss who also wrote The Cat in the Hat and Other Dr. Seuss Favorites.
The Cat in the Hat is a good one and it's a children's literature.
There's a Wocket in My Pocket is a great one.
You're welcome.
Yes, I love his music! I really like his old school Maroon 5 songs. Do you like him?
I do like his music. Do you know Adam Levine starred in Men in Black 3?
I like X Factor because it's a comedy. Do you like the actors?
He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
Yes! X-Men: First Class is science fiction.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, it is written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
He also wrote Romeo and Juliet, A Midsummer Night's Dream, and A Midsummer Night's Dream.
You might like Gnomeo & Juliet. Have you heard of it?
You're welcome.
Anthony Hopkins starred in both Bobby and The Edge.
Yes, Anthony Hopkins starred in Bobbye.
Yes it takes place in the United States
He also starred in the movie Apocalypse
You are welcome
He wrote Wizard and Glass and The Graveyard Book. Have you heard of them?
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Absolute Sandman.
He was influenced by Dave McKean and was influenced by Tom Hanks.
Yes, it's children's literature in speculative fiction like The Graveyard Book.
You're very welcome.
It is a romance and stars Scarlett Johansson. Do you like romance movies?
Yes, it's a romantic comedy starring Scarlett Johansson.
Great! Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, it also starred Chris Pratt, Lauren Holly, and Liam Neeson.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Into the Sun and Hell Ride are similar ones. Have you seen them?
She starred in Kill Bill: Vol. 1 and 2 along with Zoe Saldana.
Yes, he is. He also starred in Pulp Fiction as well.
I think the Tennessee Titans is a good team.
I don't know much about him as a team owner of the team, he was born in Oakland
I don't really follow him that much. But I do know he was from the United States.
Robert Duvall starred in The Awakening and The Godfather. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, he also wrote Lord of the Flies. Have you seen that movie?
Sure, have you seen Gone Baby Gone?
Yes, she is a musician who starred in a few movies. A Thousand Years and Lovestrong right?
yes she plays the guitar. do you like her?
Wayman is a basketball player. do you like basketball?
that's correct. have you ever heard of him?
I think he is a great artist. I really like him in movies too!
Honestly, I don't know much about him. I do know he has a good voice.
That's a great one too. I really like his new stuff like Shakira and Usher
Yes, the Fellowship of the Ring is written by J.R.R.R. Tolkien
Yes, he was in the Hobbit series. I really liked him in Troy.
Yes, Christopher Lee also starred in Wilde and Zulu.
The Battle of Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. He also wrote The Titan's Curse and The Son of Neptune.
Yes, The Titan's Curse is a great young adult novel. Do you like young adult fiction?
Great, both of the books in the series are young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
You're welcome!
He directed The Simpson's Movie. Have you seen it yet?
The Simpsons Movie is a comedy. He also directed Little Miss Sunshine starring Mel Gibson.
Then you'll like the Simpsons movie. It's also Animation.
Enjoy!
Sure, she has written Wicked, White Hot Kiss and Wicked. Are you a fan of musical theater?
Yes, it was. The play was released in 2011.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information about that.
You're welcome.
Yes, I have heard of him in The Day After Tomorrow. Have you heard of it?
I'm not sure who else stared in Braveheart.
It was released in 2013.
You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote Miss Congeniality. Have you read it?
It is in English. Did you know the Bone Clocks was released in 2004?
The Bone Clocks is written in English. Did you know it was also turned into a movie?
Enjoy!
Yes, he directed Super. Have you seen it?
Slither stars Bruce Willis, Adam Sandler and Kevin Zegers.
He also starred in the movie Tuesdays with Morrie. Have you seen that one?
Okay great.
He wrote The Merchant of Venice and Much a do About Nothing. Is there any particular genre you are looking for?
Yes, you are correct. He also wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream.
Yes. It was written by Luc Besson and directed by Roland Emmerich.
Elysium is a great movie starring Matt Damon and was released in 2013.
I like it because it's science fiction. It's a thriller and science fiction movie.
Yes, I have seen him in the Martian. He also starred in The Polar Express which is a great movie.
I'll have to check that out, thanks for the recommendation.
You're welcome!
I am not sure about his last album. I know he was in the movies too.
Yes, a popular one released in 2017. Would you like to hear some of his latest songs?
I don't know any similar artists, but I'm a fan of Kyla Pray.
Not really a fan of them. I'm more of a rock fan. What about you?
Yes, he wrote рестуление и накаание.
Its a great book written in English
What I know is from the same year
I think he is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Spanish club Barcelona and the Brazil national team.
He also played in the UFC 94 and was born in Rio de Janeiro.
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you she is from Brazil.
He wrote a book that was released in 1987. It was a book that was turned into a movie.
Yes, he wrote The Universe in a Nutshell. He also wrote The Grand Design and The Universe in a Nutshell.
It has a great cast including John Travolta and Ellen Burstyn.
You're welcome.
I do! I like his song New Perspective. What's your favorite?
Under the Tuscan Sun is written by Frances Mayes. Would you like to know more books by this author?
Yes! Under the Tuscan Sun was released in 1999.
Under Magnolia is a Romance novel released in 1997.
Brad Garrett starred in Pacifier, The Pacifier, and The Clockwork Girl among others. Have you seen any of these?
The Pacifier is a Thriller and Drama.
Yes, the genre for Underdog is a comedy.
You're welcome!
Sure! Do you enjoy crime or drama films?
The Escapist is a drama/mystery starring Seu Jorge.
Yes. He also starred in The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou.
Sure, he wrote The Future of Us and The Future of Us. Have you read them?
Sure, The Handmaid's Tale is a great one, too.
I don't know any other books in that genre, but I can recommend "The Other Boleyn Girl" if you're interested.
The Dead and the Gone was released in 2007.
You're welcome.
City of Lost souls is a young adult novel written by Cassandra Clare.
Yes, she did. The Mortal Instruments was released in 1987.
The Mortal Instruments: City of Lost souls, City of Bones and City of Ashes to name a few.
You are very welcome.
Sure! The Swan Thieves was written by Elizabeth Kosar. It's a great suspense thriller.
I don't have any other information on that title but I can tell you that it was written by Guillermo del Toro, who also wrote The Last Temptations.
If you like Thrillers you should check out Without Fail. It stars Kevin Corrigan. It's an excellent movie.
You're welcome.
Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Did you know Selena Gomez was in this movie?
Yes, he did. He also starred in Welcome to the Monkey House, a crime drama.
It's a romance and drama film.
Enjoy!
Sure. That was a great movie. Do you like the movie because it's a thriller?
The genre for The Ghost and the Darkness is crime fiction.
Yes, he is the one who starred in the movie.
You are welcome.
Sure, Rupert Sanders directed Snow White and the Huntsman. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes she did, she was also in it, do you like her?
The Brothers Grimm also wrote Cars, have you seen it?
You are welcome.
The Son of Neptune is written by Rick Riordan and is a Greek mythology book.
Yes, it's a great one!
You're welcome!
I think that he is a great artist. Did you know he is friends with Selena Gomez?
Yes, she did. The Muppets is a great movie. Did you know she also starred in The Muppets?
The Muppets is a great movie. I think I saw that one.
She's a bit poppy for me. Wasn't she in Men in Black 3?
I'm sure you'd love it. I'm sure you'd love it.
Yes he did, he also starred in Battlefield Earth. Have you seen it?
Yes, he wrote Terms of Endearment. Have you seen that one?
As Good as It Get Get is a great movie. It stars Steve Buscemi and Joel David Moore. Do you like these actors?
Yes Man is a great movie. Another example of a good one is The Girl with a Pearl Earring.
Yes, Evan Goldberg is a director. He directed Maleficent. Have you seen that?
Great, have a great day!
Yes, it does have a genre Fantasy and Comedy. I think you might like that.
You're welcome!
Yes, John G. Avildsen wrote The Pilgrimage and Tremors and The Pilgrimage. Have you read them?
Yes, Sylvester Stallone wrote The Karate Kid. Would you like to hear about other martial arts films like that?
John G. Affleck. The Last Dragon is a great movie.
Yes, she starred in The Cosby Show.
You're welcome!
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is written by J.K. Rowling. She also wrote Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince. Have you read that?
The Queen of Attolia is a crime fiction
Yes, the first one is The Death of the World
Yes, the order of the order of the movie is 3 parts
Yes, the director is J.K. Rowling
You are welcome
The Clan of the Cave Bear it's written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
Have you read The Clan of the Cave Bear? I highly recommend it.
The Shelters of Stone is a Young-adult novel that was released in 1993.
Sure! Zoe's Tale is a great book written by John Scalzi and released in 2008.
You're welcome!
Derek Jacobi starred in X-Men: First Class, X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: Apocalypse. Have you seen any of those?
It is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Big Lebowski which is a science fiction film.
Yes, he did.
He is a cricket player and plays for the Delhi Daredevils. Do you like him?
I'm more of a football fan. I don't really follow it. But I like it. It's pretty cool.
Yes, I do. She is one of my favorite tennis players of all time.
Wow! I didn't know he was on TV right now.
I think he is a really good basketball player. How about you?
Oh Michael Jordan was great. He was such a great actor. He was also in Space Jam. Have you seen it?
That's a great one! He also directed The Last Temptations. Have you seen that one?
I disagree. The Broncos are having a good season this year. Are you a fan?
Sure, the author was Rick Riordan who wrote a book called The Sea of Monsters.
It is a young-adult fiction
He wrote The Lost Symbol if you are interested in Fantasy books.
F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote Xenocide, The Great Gatsby, and The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
This Side of Paradise was released in 1997.
He has also written The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Great Gatsby. Have you read either of those yet?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Michael Crichton is very well known for his book Disclosure that he wrote.
I'm not sure. But I can tell you that Crichton has written a book similar to Crichton.
I don't have any information on that specific book, but I can tell you that he wrote a book called Winter's Bone that was released in 2005.
You're welcome.
Well, if your son like Ratatouille you'll like Ratatouille too!
Yes, he is! He also wrote and starred in Miss Congeniality as well.
You are very welcome
Jeremy Tambling wrote the biography David Copperfield. Have you read it?
Yes, it is a biography and a speculative fiction
Sure, Jeremy Tambling also wrote a book called David Copperfield
I don't know any other song by him, but I do know that he has a relationship with Irina Shayk.
Yes, it was!
I don't really know a song by him, but I think I'll listen to it
It is a speculative fiction novel written by Kurt Vonnegut. Do you like the genre or the author more?
Sure! Do you like books by Rosner and Hermann Hesse or speculative fiction genre?
The Thief of Always was written by Charlize Theron. Would you like to know other works by her?
He's a prolific writer. He has also written a book called  [Z no shmetsu], and  [Z no shmetsu].
You're welcome!
Yes, it's a great movie starring Orlando Bloom and Billy Boyd. Do you enjoy fantasy movies?
Then you might like The Return of the King or The Silver Chair.
Yes, I love him as an author!
Sure! Do you like Adventures of Sherlock Holmes because it's a detective fiction?
Great! I have a few books in this genre. Would you like to know more about this title?
The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes is a Sherlock Holmes novel.
The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes is a detective fiction.
Yes, The Girl on the Train is a psychological thriller and a psychological thriller. Do you like those types of books?
The Girl on the Train was written by Rachel Carson. She also wrote Girl on the Train.
Yes! The Girl on the Train is a great movie filmed in Mexico.
I'm not really familiar with his music. Isn't he a singer?
I love her music! Did you know she starred in Men in Black 3?
Yes, she is a great artist. I love her music!
Yes, he's a great director. Some of his latest movies are Three Girls and a Girl with a Pearl Earring. Have you seen those?
Yes, Nora Dunn starred in it as well.
He also directed The Devil Wears Prada.
You're welcome
Yes, Where the Heart Is was written by Bill Bryson.
Yes, he also wrote The Crucible. Have you read it?
Yes, it is a drama
Yes, Billie Letts also wrote A Prayer for the Dying, which is a drama.
You're welcome!
Mark Margolis starred in The Girl Next Door, The Courier, and The Virgin Suicides. Have you seen any of these?
Yes, Marisa Tomei starred in The Wrestler.
She starred in X-Men: First Class, X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: Apocalypse.
No, I don't have any information on the Wrestler, sorry.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure! He directed Legend of Tarzan and Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.
Yes, of course! He has also starred in Fantastic Mr. Fox and The Titan's Curse. Both are highly recommended!
You're welcome!
Sure. Joseph Heller wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
The Passage if you like historical fiction you may like that.
You're welcome!
Sure Stefan Kapicic Starred in Deadpool, have you seen it yet?
It also stars Stefan Kapicic and Stefan Kapicic. Do you like either of those actors?
The Power of the Fury is a lead film, have you seen it yet?
Sure. Do you like books by J.K.R.R. Tolkien?
J.K. Rowling wrote the series
Sure, he wrote We Were Liars, The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks, and the Boyfriend List. Have you read any of these?
Yes, it is in English. Another book in the English version is The Late World. Have you read that one?
You're welcome
Interstellar starred Matthew McConaughey. Do you like him?
If you liked Interstellar, you might like Zombieland.
Another great Sci-fi movie you might like is X-Men: The Last Stand.
It stars Mindy Kaling and Anthony Hopkins to name a few.
Great, I would also recommend X-Men: The Last Stand and X-Men: First Class.
I know he is a country singer, songwriter and television personality
I don't have that information but I know he is a singer-songwriter.
It is a pop music. I'm not sure if it's a good one though.
He wrote Law abiding citizen he wrote Law abiding citizen
Yes, and Emily Watson starred in Equilibrium.
She starred in The Matrix Revisited.
You're welcome
I believe he is a singer-songwriter. He has starred in many movies including Unleashed and The Verdict.
I don't have any information on other books by him
It is crime fiction.
Do you like The Selection because it is written by Kiera Cass or because it is Young-adult fiction?
Sure, she also wrote The Selection, The Siren, and The Prince.
Sure thing. Hope you enjoy
You're very welcome
Sure, he directed Waking Life and Slacker. Have you seen those?
Yes it is. He also starred in Wreck-It Ralph.
You are welcome.
Rich Moore directed Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it yet?
It was written by John Green. He also wrote Paper Towns.
Sure. John Green also wrote Paper Towns.
Sure, Paper Towns, Looking for Alaska are some of his books.
Great! Anything else I can help you with?
Good Will Hunting is directed by Matt Damon. Do you like dramas?
He actually did! He also directed Restless, which is an excellent movie.
Yes, you are right! He also produced The Diary of a Young Girl, which is another great movie.
I hope you enjoy it!
He wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames and When You Are Engulfed in Flames. Have you read any of these?
He was influenced by Kathryn Sedaris and was influenced by Kathryn Bigelow
I am not sure but I can tell you he was influenced by Selena Gomez
Sure, it was written by E Lockhart and released in 2014.
He has written many books, including We Were Liars and The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks. Would you like to know more?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that it was released in the year 2014
You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote Thirteen Moons and the book called Cold Mountain.
Thirteen Moons has a genre of Speculative fiction.
Thirteen Moons was written by Charles Frazier. He also wrote Nineteen Moons.
You're welcome
I haven't heard much about them except they're a K-pop boy band.
Don't know much about them except that they starred in the movie Cowboy & Aliens.
Yes, he starred in Island of the Blue Dolphins .
He wrote Island of the Blue Dolphins which was released in 1960 and is a graphic novel.
Yes, he did. Éric-Emmanuel Schmitt is a British novelist, poet, screenwriter and screenwriter.
Isn't he a table tennis player from China?
Yes! He participated in the 2012 Olympics.
He also participated in the 2012 Olympics.
Het Achterhuis: Dagboekbrieven 14 juni 1942 - 1 augustus 1944.
Yes it is in English
I don't know if she wrote anything by Eleanor Roosevelt, but he did write The Diary of Anne Frank.
You're welcome!
That was a great movie starring Nicholas Cage. Do you like his movies?
Goodfellas is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers or Drama?
Are you a fan of Robert De Niro?
What Just Happened is a 1995 American suspense film directed by Richelle Mead.
Yes, it is. Art Linson wrote it as well.
You are welcome!
Do you like it because it's a drama?
Beneath is a famous actress who starred in the movie Troy.
I don't have any information on that date.
You are welcome.
I know that the team is part of the National Basketball Association and the Cleveland Cavaliers are part of the NBA.
Yes, I like to watch it. How about you?
I don't really follow basketball, I like to watch it. I am a Lakers fan.
I think he's a great player. He won the NBA All Rookie of the Year Award.
Sure, he starred in the Pianist.
Yes that is correct a movie released in 2012. Are you familiar with his work?
Simon West directed Fantastic Mr. Fox. Have you seen it yet?
Natalie Babbitt wrote Tuck Everlasting. I bet you would like it.
Yes, Tuck Everlasting is a children's book and children's literature. Would you like to know the name of the book?
Yes, Voyager is a young-adult novel. It is considered a romance.
You're welcome!
Do you like The Perks of a Wallflower because it is a comedy?
Roland Emmerich wrote The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Have you seen those?
Yes, you are right. Do you want me to add it to your queue?
No problem!
I know that she starred in Gravity
Gravity was released in 2007. Would you like to know about other films released that year?
Gravity was released in 2013. Would you like to know more about it?
I'm sorry, I don't have any better information on that.
You're very welcome.
I don't know much about them. Are they part of the National Football League?
Oh wow, that's interesting. Did you know they moved to Oakland?
That's true. Did you know their home venue is the Riverside Center?
Sure, it was written by Christopher Nolan and it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, The Prestige is starring Michael Caine and Hugh Jackman.
Rebecca Hall starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class
You are welcome
Catch 22 is written by Joseph Heller. It's a war novel.
Yes, it is a war novel.
I don't have any information on similar books. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome.
Sure. He wrote Tempted, Revealed, and Revealed.
It was released in 2007 and is a romance novel.
You're welcome!
Yes, it's a good book. It was written by Charles Dickens. Have you read any of his work?
Yes, it is. Did you know White Teeth was written by Philip Pullman?
Yes, Zadie Smith wrote White Teeth.
You're welcome.
John Lasseter wrote Bruce Willis. Have you seen that?
Cars 2 was released in 2010 and is an animated movie.
Peter Jacobson has a voiceover role in the movie. She is a voiceover for the movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Not a whole lot but I do know he's married to Hayden Panettiere.
She was a voice actor in Ocean's Eleven. She also starred in Ocean's Eleven.
Yes, I will be sure to check it out.
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football franchise based in Denver Broncos. Their coach is John Fox. Do you like them?
I don't really know much about them. Are they a football team?
I am not much of a football fan but I do know the reds are my favorite team!
I believe it was written by Terry Pratchett who also wrote The Last Hero.
Terry Pratchett also wrote Wyrd Sisters
You might like Zoe's Tale, Xenocide, Wizard's First Rule, Wolf Brother
He is on the Golden State Warriors.
Yes, he is on the Golden State Warriors now
Yes, he is from Oakland
Anytime!
Anthony Heald starred in The Silence of the Lambs and The Client. Have you seen either of these?
Yes, Ted Tally starred in The Silence of the Lambs as well as The Silence of the Lambs.
I am also a fan of Thrillers like The Silence of the Lambs.
You're welcome.
I haven't watched that one but heard it's a great action movie
Yes, Shia Lebouf also starred in that movie as well.
I don't know any similar movies, but I can tell you that Shia Lebouf starred in The Conjuring.
Yes, he is an athlete who plays basketball as a point guard.
Yes, I am a basketball fan.
Yes, it's a very popular one. It was written by Larry Bird
I don't know about Hush but I can recommend you movies where Christoph Waltz starred.
Yes it is a series
Yes it is! It was written by Ann Patchett
You're welcome!
Thank you
He is a professional Golfer from England. Do you like Golf?
Yes, I agree that he's very good at what he does. He won the 2007 PGA Championship.
I have seen Happy Gilmore too. I know Adam Sandler was in the movie too!
The Miami Dolphins are a professional American football franchise based in the New England Patriots.
Yeah, I like the Dallas Cowboys. They're in the NFC South division too.
I'm not sure how they are doing this year but I think the team is doing well in the NFC South.
Yes, he wrote Rayuela, and Cien aos de mis putas tristes.
Rayuela was released in 1963 and is in English.
You are welcome.
I think she is a singer like Lady Gaga and Katy Perry right?
Yes. She was in a science fiction film called The Giver.
I apologize, I don't have information about that movie.
Are you referring to Looking for Alaska written by John Green?
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars and Paper Towns.
John Green also wrote Looking for Alaska which is a Young Adult Fiction novel.
You're welcome. Enjoy.
He directed Breakfast at Tiffany's starring Bruce Willis. Have you seen it?
Yes he did. In Cold Blood was a drama. It was directed by Truman Capote.
I have not, but if you like thrillers, you should watch A Good Day to Die Hard. It is a good one.
Yes, I do. He starred in Tumbleweeds a crime fiction film and The BFG.
That is a great movie! Mandy Moore and Katherine Helmond were in it as well.
Sure! World War Z is a great animated film.
Yes, it's a great movie! Tim Allen starred in it as well.
Yes! It's one of my favorite animated movies.
You're welcome!
The movie Artificial Intelligence is a science fiction starring Steven Spielberg. Are you a Spielberg fan?
Sure, have you watch A.I. Artificial Intelligence?
This movie was released in 1999 and is a thriller.
A Beautiful Mind is a Thriller starring Mindy Kaling and Michael McKean.
Sure, Russel Crowe also directed The Missing. It's a fantasy.
He also stared in Zombieland, another great Sci Fi film.
You're welcome.
It starred several great actors including Al Pacino, Marlon Brando, and Sofia Coppola.
Scent of a Woman is directed by Kiera Cassa.
Yes, he did. He also starred in the movie A Beautiful Mind.
He has starred in many films such as Thick as Thieves, The Apocalypse, and The Women of Brewster Place.
Sure! It's an excellent choice. It's a drama and movie.
Great! I recommend The Godfather Part III, its a great movie.
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is a great movie! It also stars Al Pacino.
You're welcome!
I don't really know much other than she is a singer. Is she a singer?
She is a singer like Lady Gaga and Katy Perry right?
Some of them are Girl with a Pearl Earring, The Weeknd, Soul Speak, and Soul Survivor.
Yes, I am a huge fan of Linkin Park. My favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
I personally don't really know any of their songs. What is the name of their music?
They're sort of a sort of a pop genre. I prefer some type of music. I like the crossover type of music. How about you?
Sure. Craig T. Nelson starred in movies like Wag the Dog, Rear Window, and The Devil in White.
Yes, he was. He also starred in the Psychological Thriller, which is a great movie!
He also starred in the Psychological Thriller and The Portable Atheist.
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Casual Vacancy.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Diane Keaton also starred in Monster's Inc.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure, Sylvia Plath wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath and The Journals of Sylvia Plath.
Of course, she wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath, The Collected Poems, and The Journals of Sylvia Plath.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
I don't know anything about him. But I do know he starred in Men in Black 3, have you seen it?
Yes, it is a very popular song. You should check it out.
Yes, it's a whale movie starring Ron Clements and John Lennon
Yes, he directed The Usual Suspects. Do you like him?
Deadpool is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy?
I don't have access to that information but it is directed by Ryan Reynolds.
Ben Stiller is my favorite actor!
He wrote II Principe
Il Principe was released in 1513. Would you like to know more about it?
Il Principe was also written by Niccol Machiavelli, who also wrote Il Principe.
Il Principe was written by Niccol Machiavelli in 1513.
Yes, he wrote The Samurai and The Virgin Suicides. Do you like them?
I'm sorry, I do not have that date.
Yes, it is in English.
She wrote The Temple of My Familiar, and The Color Purple. Have you read any of these?
The Color Purple is a Drama, it was released in 1984 and the genre is Fantasy
Yes, it's a musical.
Memento is a book written by Jonathan Nolan and starred by Jonathan Nolan.
It starred Keanu Reeves, Rebecca Hall, and many more in the psychological thrillers.
You're welcome
I think he is an athlete on a France national football team.
Wow, I didn't know he played for the Spain national football team.
I like Arsenal as well, he plays the forward position.
Sure! Did you like The Scarlet Letter because it was written by Tom Hanks or because it was a romance?
He wrote The Cider House Rules. Have you read it?
The World According to Garp is a Psychological thriller.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it was released in 1995.
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote Set It Off starring Vivica A. Fox. Are you a fan?
Yes, she was in Princess Mononoke. She was also in Chasing Amy, which was a great movie.
It is an excellent movie starring Rosario Dawson and Gavin O'Connor. It is an excellent movie.
Of course! Enjoy!
Sure, the lead actor was in Ocean's Thirteen. Have you seen that?
Sure! The Fight Club has a genre of Thriller, Suspense, and Thriller.
I don't know much about a comedy but I do know The Scarlett Johansson is starring in that movie.
Brad Pitt starred in Men in Black 3, have you seen it?
You are welcome.
It's a romance novel written by Kurt Wimmer and released in 1995. Do you like romance novels?
Simon McBurney also starred in Rules of Attraction. Have you seen it?
It is! It is considered a Romantic film.
Yes, Harbhajan Singh is an athlete that plays Cricket for the Mumbai Indians.
You should check it out. It's a very popular sport in the world.
That's a interesting fact about him. He was from India.
I'm not much of a basketball fan. Are they a good team?
Mike Brown is a good coach.
Yes, Holes is written by Louis Sachar. It was released in 1845.
I can't find any information on that, but if you like Louis Sachar's work, you should check out the movie SpaceCamp. It's an adventure film.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I know he plays basketball for the Golden State Warriors. He plays both positions shooting guard and point guard.
I'm not sure, but if you like basketball you'd like to know about the Warriors.
They are basketball movies. A good one to check out is LeBron James.
You're welcome!
Ethan Suplee starred in The Fountainhead and The Robber Bride. Have you seen those?
Sure, Vulgar, starring Kevin Smith and Chris Rock, is a horror film.
Sure! Vulgar is a 1998 American crime film starring Kevin Smith and Chris Rock. It is a 1998 American crime film.
Sure, he is an American actor, producer, screenwriter, producer, screenwriter, producer, screenwriter, producer and screen producer. He has starred in the movie The Pursuit of Happiness.
You're very welcome!
The coach is Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
i haven't heard much about soccer. what is it about?
Yes, it was written by Terry Goodkind and is considered High Fantasy. It was released in 1994.
Sure, have you read The Pillars of the Earth, Wizard's First Rule, or Wizard's First rule?
I believe it is a drama.
Yes. Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell.
It is a children's novel. Do you like children's literature?
Yes, he wrote The Portable Atheist, which is a Historical Novel.
I don't have that information, but he wrote a book called Out in Paris.
Great, enjoy the book!
The Shadow of the Torturer is a science fiction novel.
You're welcome.
You are welcome.
I think he plays quarterback for the Carolina Panthers. Do you like him?
Yes, Wes Welker is a great quarterback! Did you know their team is the New England Patriots?
Yes, Stephen Gostkowski is a great quarterback. He won BBC Young Sports Personality of the Year.
Yes, he is one of my favorite boxers of all time. Do you like him?
That's what I'm seeing here. I don't know much about him.
Yes, he was born in Slaughterhouse.
The Time Machine was written by H.G Wells who also wrote The War of the Worlds. Have you heard of it?
The City was written by Robert Ludlum. He also wrote The War of the Worlds.
I would categorize it as a Thriller.
Twilight is written by Meg Cabot. Have you seen it?
Yes! The romance in the romance genre is Girl with a Pearl Earring. It's one of my favorites.
Sure. It stars Steve Buscemi, Steve Buscemi, and Rip Torn.
Yes, both are great actors.
Andrew Garfield starred in The Social Network. Have you seen that?
Sure. The Amazing Spider-Man is a science fiction film starring Andrew Garfield and Andrew Garfield.
Yes, she did. She also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man 2. Are you a fan of hers?
Sure, how to Win Friends and Influence People was written by Dale carnegie. Similar books are The magic of Thinking Big and The Happiness Project.
One of the best self-help books is How to Win Friends and Influence People. Have you read that one?
He also wrote How to Win Friends and Influence People, which is a self-help book.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a great book written by Rhonda Byrne.
Jack Reacher is a mystery/Thriller movie starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more about it?
Jack Reacher is a psychological thriller starring Tom Cruise. Do you like that type of movie?
Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt and Josh Brolin.
I think he is a lyricist but I haven't heard his music.
Yes, he is a Musician songwriter too. I think he is from India.
I don't have any information on his songs. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Are you a fan of animated films? If so I would recommend The Incredibles.
Sure, Ratatouille is a great movie. It was written by Frances Mayes, who also wrote Ratatouille.
You're welcome!
Se7en is starring Brad Pitt. Would you like to see other movies he stars in?
You should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
It's about a serial killer called the Sundance Kid. It's a great movie.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
It's a fiction novel and it was written by Paula McLain and released in 2011. Do you like her?
No, but I heard it's a great book.
Circling the Sun was released in 2015.
Yes, it was!
Yes, she is a great singer. Did you know Clay Aiken is friends with her?
Yes, I like the song Someone Else Calling You Baby, how about you?
Yes, she has a great voice. I know she is friends with Aiken as well.
That's a great choice. I also like reality TV. Have you seen it?
City of Fallen Angels is a young adult fiction film written by Cassandra Clare. Are you interested in young adult fiction?
City of Fallen Angels was written by Cassandra Clare who also wrote Winter's Bone.
Sure! Cassandra Clare wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex, The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones, City of Ashes, City of Glass, and City of Fallen Angels.
No problem!
Yes, he directed Hotel Rwanada.
It is an adventure film.
Sure, she starred in the other Boleyn girl who also starred in The Honk and Holler Opening Soon.
Yes, The Other Boleyn Girl is a biographical drama
I'm sorry, I don't have any information about that movie.
I'm sorry, I don't have the information for that movie.
Yes, he wrote The Castle as well as Amerika.
The Castle was released in 2003 and is a young adult novel. It was also made into a movie starring Ben Stiller. Would you like to know more about it?
I don't know much about the book, but I do know that it is a Historical fiction book.
You're welcome!
Steven Spielberg directed The Goonies. Have you seen it?
I don't have any other information on that movie. But Tom Hanks starred in Catch Me If You Can.
Sure. Paula Hawkins wrote In the Woods and The Red Tent. Have you read them?
Yes it was, the movie came out in 2012
You're welcome
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren, The Prince, and The Prince. Have you read any of these?
The Siren is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
Yes, The Siren is a young-adult fiction novel. Would you like to read it?
It was written by Percy Bysshe Shelley and is a speculative fiction.
Percy Bysshe Shelley also wrote The Last Man and The Modern Prometheus.
He also starred in The Percy Bysshe Shelley's Frankenstein. Have you seen it?
Yes, she starred in Valentine's day too. She also starred in The Percy Bysshe Shelley.
Yes, Paper Towns is written by John Green and stars Nicholas Cage. Are you a fan of his?
No, I haven't heard of them. Are they young-adult fiction?
I think he is a good basketball player. How about you?
Yes he was, Walt Frazier starred in Basketball too. Do you like basketball?
Yes they do. They are a good profession.
The Scorch Trials was written by James Dashner. It's a young adult fiction film.
Glad to help out!
Yes, I have. Would you like me to send it to you?
Do you like X-Men because it's a sci-fi or because it stars Hugh Jackman?
Rosario Dawson, Gary Oldman, and Leslie Bibb are a few of the actors in the film.
Volcano stars Tom Cruise and Teresa Palmer and has a genre of Thriller.
Yes, it's a good movie. Do you like it because it's a Romantic Film?
Yes, she was in that movie as well. Do you like her work?
Oprah Winfrey, Nick Cassavetes and Ellen Burst are the male in the film.
You're welcome
Cristiano Ronaldo is a footballer who plays for the Portugal national football team.
Not really. I am more of a American Football fan.
I am a huge football fan. I enjoy watching Mesut Ozil run around.
Yes, I love american football. My favorite team is the San Francisco 49ers.
I am a Redskins fan. What is your favorite team?
They are very good, who is your favorite team?
Alan Rickman starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wild Life.
Sure Scarface is a thriller starring Al Pacino. Do you like Al Pacino?
Do you like the movie because it's an action/thriller?
Yes, it also starred Ralph Fiennes who was also in it.
You're welcome!
Sure. Jonathan Dayton wrote Little Miss Sunshine. He also wrote Little Miss Sunshine.
Yes, Abigail Breslin is a great actor.
The Incredible Burt Wonderstone was released in 2007. Would you like to see it?
You're welcome.
Yes, he is a singer-songwriter from Miami. Do you like his music?
I do, Jordan Sparks is a great singer. I like his music
Yes, she has a few years back.
Sure! What Alice Forgot is written by Liane Moriarty and was released in 2009. Are you interested in her work?
It was released in 2014. Liane Moriarty also wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas.
The Farthest Shore is similar to Ender's Game.
Speaker of the Dead is a Speculative fiction
It is written by John Scalzi and is a Science Fiction.
You're welcome
Sure, Aladdin is a writer and director. Do you like his movies?
The Princess and the Frog is directed by Ron Clements
Sure, anything else?
She starred in The Muppets a musical comedy film.
Definitely! She has a great voice. She has a great cast. Did you know she was in a film?
Yes, she was in the Muppets too.
Do you like Coldplay because it's a band?
I don't know much about this song either. I do know that Yellow is written by Christopher Hitchens.
Yes! Amsterdam has a great record.
Sure! He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen that?
He starred in The Fault in Our Stars which is a romantic comedy.
Yes she is.
You are welcome.
Kahil Gilbran wrote Memoria de mis putas tristes.
Speculative fiction. what else can i answer for you today?
The Prophet was released 2003 what else can i do for you today?
you are welcome
Yes, he starred in Friends with Benefits and The Social Network.
Sure, he starred in Friends with Benefits, Shakira and Shakira. Have you heard any of them?
It's a pop music.
Isn't he the one who starred in The New York Trilogy?
It is a speculative fiction book.
It was released in 1999
Its a very good book.
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller or because it stars Hugh Jackman?
Rise of the Guardians is a crime action film
He also wrote Rise of the Guardians.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a great movie starring Morgan Freeman.
Yes, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen them?
Yes, if you like drama, you might also enjoy A Good Day to Die Hard or The Last Dragon.
It was written by Richelle Mead.
Great choice, the movie Shooter was written by Stephen Hunter and starring Tate Donovan.
Jason Bateman stars in Shooter.
Yes, Tate did star in the Televison series.
Yes, it has a great cast.
Did you like the movie because it starred Marlon Brando?
Great, you might also like The Policeman, or Zodiac.
Yes. Training Day stars Seth Rogen, Kevin Corrigan, and Anthony Hopkins.
Sure. Maleficent is a fantasy movie starring Matt Damon and Josh Brolin. Do you like the fantasy genre?
Sure Angelina Jolie was in the 2012 Summer Olympics. She was also in the 2012 Summer Olympics. Have you seen it yet?
Yes! Mr. Smith starred in Mr. Smith. Have you seen it?
Yes I did. Did you know Owen Wilson starred in the movie?
Owen Wilson starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Resident Evil, and Apocalypse
Yes he plays for the Germany national football team
Yes, he plays the position of forward.
Toni Kroos plays the Germany national football team. He was born in Oberbayern, Germany.
Isn't he a player on the Portugal national football team?
It is a soccer player from the Portugal national football team.
Yes, he is the captain of the Portugal national football team.
Yes, The Two Towers and Stone of Destiny
Yes, John Travolta starred in Edge of Tomorrow.
A good example would be The Outsiders or The Power of Six. They're both good.
Yes, Zombieland is a great!
I hope you enjoy it!
That's a great movie. Did you know that it's a Romantic Film?
I like romantic comedies. I also like Zooey Deschanel.
I like murder mystery as well, I think it is a great movie.
I haven't seen Pacifier, it is a great movie.
Sure, she wrote Beautiful Creatures, have you read any of them?
I don't have any information on any of her books, but if you like romance novels you'd like a recommendation to read one of her books. She's written a bunch of books in the romance genre.
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you it was released in 2013 and is a romance novel.
The Yankees play in the American League East and are owned by George Steinbrenner.
He is from New York City and he is also from New York City.
The movie A.I. Artificial Intelligence. Would you like to know who wrote it?
I do not have that information, is there anything else I can help with?
He also wrote Assault on Precinct 13, have you heard of that one?
I am not sure but I do know that it is a drama.
I do not have that information but I can tell you that it is a comedy.
Yes Michael Rapaport also starred in Underdog.
Good Will Hunting is a Romantic Comedy starring Matt Damon. Do you like that type of movie?
Yes, it is starring Matt Damon and Ben Affleck
Yes, I have heard of them. Didn't Ben Affleck also star in Push, Nevada?
You're welcome!
They are owned by M Denise Debartolo York and they were the runner ups in Super Bowl XLVII
Yes, I did. I like them too. My favorite team is the Washington Redskins
Yes, the Steelers were one of the best in my opinion.
Do you like the book because it's a drama?
The Women of Brewster Place is written by Philip K. Dick. It's a Speculative fiction novel.
The Women of Brewster Place has a genre Speculative fiction.
She starred in A Good Ole Fashioned Orgy.
You are welcome.
Sure! Dark Lover is speculative fiction novel written by J.R. Ward and it has a vampire genre. Do you like that genre?
Yes Tyraur Canyon came out in 2005. Would you like to know more about that?
The Mist was written by J.D. Salinger, who also wrote The Killing Room, and Wizard's First Rule.
Sure, you might like Zoe's Tale, Xenocide and World Without End.
Sure, enjoy!
Shelley Duvall starred in Time Bandits. Do you like comedies?
Sure. It's a great movie. The genre is Thriller and drama.
Sure! I'd be happy to help.
You're welcome.
Sure, Oliver Hirschiegel wrote The Invasion and Downfall.
The Invasion is starring David Schwimmer. It is a great movie.
I don't have any information on anything else she's starred in.
You're welcome!
I know he is a basketball player and plays for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association.
Cadillac Records is a romantic comedy. Would you like to know more about her?
All I know is she starred in Smurfs, along with Selena Gomez.
I haven't seen it yet, but I will check it out. It's amazing!
It's a great movie! It also stars Will Smith. I think you'd like it if you'd like it.
He wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you seen that?
Essential readings for the Non-believer. It was released in 1865.
Yes, another writer for Alice's Adventures in Wonderland is John Scalzi.
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like the movie because of the genre or the actors?
He also starred in Troy, Wilde and Zulu.
He starred in The Good Doctor, have you seen that one?
You're welcome
She wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath. Have you read it?
I don't really know much about him other than he plays golf. Do you like golf?
Yes, Happy Gilmore is a great movie.
Yes, I liked Hot Tub as well. Have you seen it?
He directed the popular movie The Butterfly Effect. Have you heard of it?
The Butterfly Effect is a horror film.
You're welcome.
Sure! Do you like it because it's a crime movie?
The Pelican Brief is a 1998 American dystopian dystopian novelist, critic, public speaker, essayist, editor, producer and screenwriter. The first film was titled Now You See Me, and a sequel called Now You See Me.
Sure, The Pelican Brief is a Crime drama film that was released in 1999 and directed by Roland Emmerich.
Sure, do you like it because it is a romance film?
You might also enjoy the movie X-Men Origins or World Without End.
Yes, it is a comedy. Do you want to know more about it?
Dennis Hopper is the actor. Have you seen him?
Bradley Cooper has been in quite a few films. One of them is The Perks of Being a Wallflower, which is a comedy.
Yes, he also starred in The Hangover as well.
Yes. M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans.
Yes it was released in 2012 and is in English
Sure one is Go Set a Watchman which is a thriller and the one is an action film. Have you seen it?
I will have to check it out, thanks for the recommendation.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to read another book from her?
Lullaby is written by David Benioff who also wrote Zig Ziglar.
He also wrote To Build A Fire and The Man in the Iron Mask.
No, I haven't seen that movie. Is it a crime fiction?
It's a great movie. Did you know that Tate Donovan was in the movie as well?
He also starred in The Pursuit of Happiness. Have you seen that one?
Sure, have you seen The Good, the Bad and the Ugly?
Rocky is a Syfy film. Similar movies include The Maze Runner, The Devil's Advocate, and The Improbable Adventures of Sherlock Holmes.
Sylvester Stallone wrote The Expendables, which is a martial arts film.
It appears to be a Thriller and Drama.
You're welcome.
Water for Elephants is written by Sara Gruen. She also wrote At the Water's Edge.
Well, that's a good one. I'd recommend The House of Mirth written by Sara Gruen.
Yes. The Age of Innocence was released in 2011.
You're welcome
I'm not sure but I heard he's a good basketball player.
I am not a big basketball fan. Are you a basketball fan?
Yes, the sport in the world is great.
Oh wow! That sounds like a great place to start.
Sure. The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time is written by Mark Haddon and was released in 2003. Would you like to know more about that book?
He wrote The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time, which is a fiction book. Have you read it?
Do you like The Godfather because it is a drama?
Yes, it is a great movie.
Have you seen Apocalypse Now?
Apocalypse Now is a great movie starring Sofia Coppola.
Are you referring to Gloria Stewart who starred in The Matrix?
Sure, have you watch The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants or The Policeman?
I really don't have any information on any of his music, but I can tell you he has a great voice.
Yes, it's a Parody.
You're welcome!
Sure, Meg Cabot wrote The Godfather and King's Speech. Have you read them?
Underworld & Twilight is a science fiction book.
I don't know of any other books by her, but if you like dramas it's a good one.
You're welcome!
Do you like Insomnia because it is a thriller?
Ben Stiller starred in War. It's also a Crime Thriller. Do you like his work?
I don't have that date. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Craig Ferguson starred in movies like Winnie the Pooh and V for Vendetta. Have you seen either?
Sure, Craig Ferguson starred in Brave, Rio de Janeiro and The Ugly Truth.
Saving Grace was released in 2004.
Yes, she is a Romanian professional tennis player. She is the current world No. 1 on the WTA Tour.
I know a little about tennis. I know Venus Williams is also a tennis player.
Yes Victoria Azarenka is a tennis player from Belarus.
They are owned by M Denise Debartolo York and they were the runner ups in Super Bowl XLVII
Yeah, that's right. Did you know that the team is owned by Jeffrey Lauie?
That is a book in the Psychological Thriller genre. Would you like to read it?
127 hours is a Thriller film. If you like Thrillers you should check out The Assassination Game.
If you like James Franco, you might also enjoy X-Men, as well as X-Men, X-Men 2, as well.
Yes, he was in Spider-Man 2 and X-Men. He was also in X-Men: First Class.
Yes, it is a great movie starring Bruce Willis and Marisa Tomei. It is a classic!
I believe it is a drama
You're welcome
Isn't he a cricket player?
Yes, it's a very popular sport in the world.
I'm not much of a cricket fan. I only know about the sport. Do you like any other sports?
The Chronicles of Narnia is a young-adult fiction book written by C.S. Lewis and released in 1951. Do you like young adult fiction?
He also wrote The Voyage of the Dawn Treader, The Silver Chair, and The Silver Chair. Have you read any of these?
I believe it's a drama.
Glad to be of assistance
Sure. J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Where the Wild Things Are.
I do not have any other information about Peter Pan, but if you like Peter Pan you may also be interested in The Godfather.
A Christmas Carol starring Tom Hanks is a good one.
Sure, The Sea Wolf is a young-adult fiction book.
Sure! The Sea Wolf is a young-adult novel that was released in 1904 and is the second book of the King's Speech.
J.M. Barrie
Yes, he wrote Paccka and Paccka.
That's the only one I have by Richard Pevear.
I do not have that information, but I do know it was released in English.
The Cabin in the Woods starring Kristen Connolly.
Yes, she wrote it as well. Do you like her work?
Yes it is a thriller and drama. Do you like thrillers?
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Do you like it because it's a Sci-Fi movie?
Then you might like The Incredible Hulk or The Avengers Infinity War.
Yes, he has directed many great movies such as The Lost World: Jurassic Park and Man of Steel.
Yes, Armageddon is a Sci-Fi movie
That's a great movie released in 2006 with Ben Affleck.
I recommend The Alamo. It is a great movie.
I recommend The Alamo. The Alamo is a good one.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on what it's about. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome, enjoy!
She is a great tennis player, one of my favorite tennis players.
I am not a fan of tennis but I do know Serena Williams starred in the movie.
I believe Serena is also a model
Yes, it is a great superhero film. Do you like superhero films?
I haven't seen any of them either. The Proposal has genre Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I haven't seen it yet, I will check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
Sure, Do you like Hugh Jackman or crime movies?
It was directed by Ang Lee who also directed Prisoners.
It has a great cast including Will Smith, Tony Kgoroge, and Sam Shepard to name a few.
It came out in 2003 and starred Tom Hardy.
I haven't seen Superman Returns. Are you a fan?
It is a horror film. Do you like Parker Posey?
Yes he did. You've Got Mail is a great movie.
Yes he is in that film too.
I hope you enjoy it!
Your welcome.
Sure. The Deception Point is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
What else can i answer for you today?
ok have a good day
Sure! Do you like the movie because it's a drama?
Yes, it is a movie based on the book.
The movie is starring Matt Damon and Josh Brolin.
ok
Yes, and he co-wrote The Wide Window.
You're welcome.
Enjoy the movie!
Yes, Outlander is written by James Cameron and is a science fiction. Do you like that type of book?
Yes, Diana Gabaldon has also written Outlander. Are you a science fiction fan?
I'm not sure if she has any other information but if you like Outlander, you should check out My Own Heart's Blood.
My Own Heart's Blood is the second in the Outlander series.
He is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Real Madrid.
Yes I am a Philadelphia Eagles fan. How about you?
Yes Ryan Gosling was in that movie. He was also in Ratatouille. Have you seen that?
Yes, he directed The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Have you seen those?
That movie is a sci-fi film. Do you like sci-fi?
He also starred in X-Men: First Class and in Independence Day.
I'm not sure who directed Wyatt Earp.
I love Madonna! She starred in Who's That Girl. Are you a fan of hers?
I don't have a favorite artist, but Art Malik is a great songwriter too.
I like White Oleander as well. He has a great voice.
They're in the AFC East, and I'm a Niners fan. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about football. Are the Jets a football team?
I do know that the New York Jets owns the New York Jets and the New York Jets.
Yes, he wrote Snatch which stars Stephen Graham. Do you like him?
Snatch is a horror film starring Kevin Spacey. Do you like his movies?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'll add it now. Enjoy!
Yes, it is a band sung athlete. Do you like them?
I haven't heard of them. Are they owned by M. Night Shyamalan?
That's all the information I have on that. I hope you enjoy it.
He has starred in Deadpool, have you seen it yet?
Yes, he did. Did you know he also starred in The Proposal?
He's friends with Snoop Dogg. They are both rappers. Do you like him?
Yes, they are friends with Snoop Dogg. They are both friends.
Yes, he did! A couple of my favorite thrillers are Dj Khaled and Snoop Dogg.
You're welcome!
Shelley Duvall starred in Time Bandits. Do you want to know more about that?
Time Bandits was released in 1999 and was directed by Ken Burns.
Time Bandits was released in 1999 and is a drama/romance film.
She was also in The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants.
Donna Tartt wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read them before?
It's a novel. Do you like fiction?
She also wrote The Little Friend and The Secret History. Have you read them?
It's a drama and crime book.
Sure. Michael Bay starred in The Vow and The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen those?
I don't have any information about that. However, if you like sci-fi you should check out the Avenger movies. They're both action films.
Yes, he starred in it.
My pleasure, let me know if you need anything else.
Yes, he is an athlete that plays Cricket for the Mumbai Indians.
I don't really know anything about cricket. I'm more of a tennis fan. Are you a big cricket fan?
Yes. I like the San Francisco 49ers. Do you like the San Francisco 49ers?
I hope the commercials will make the Super Bowl XLVII and it's a good one.
Sure, Lea Thompson starred in The Wild Life and The Wild Life. Would you like to know more of her movies?
Yes, she was. It is such a cute movie. I highly recommend it.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that movie.
No, I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
Audrey Niffenegger wrote The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you read that?
It's a romantic drama.
Stan Lee is the author of Thor.
Sure. Jorja Fox starred in Memento. She's also in it.
Sure, Jorja Fox wrote the movie, he also starred in V for Vendetta.
Yes, he wrote The Dark Knight, which is a great movie.
Sure. Anything else I can help you with?
I don't really know much about them. Who is their coach?
I like the New England Patriots, but my favorite team is the Washington Redskins
I can't remember when they were the runner ups to Super Bowl XLVIII.
I'm not sure about that. I don't think the Chiefs are doing well.
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that yet?
I haven't read any of his work either. But if you like Gothic fiction you should try try Zooey Deschanel.
I'm having trouble finding anything similar. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure! Do you like Deadpool because it's superhero movies?
James Franco is one of the actor in Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy.
Deadpool has a genre Thriller and Science Fiction.
You're welcome!
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I don't know much about him. Is he a good football player?
I like to watch football, what about you?
Thanks for the information.
Yes she is! She starred in Princess Protection Program and the TV show Spring Breakers.
I don't think I've seen him in that movie. It's a good movie.
I haven't seen it yet, but I'll check it out. Enjoy!
It's a great movie. It was written by John Calley and released in 2012. It is a drama film.
Are you a fan of Will Ferrell's movies?
Slapstick comedy was released in 1995!
Sure! The Tragedy of Macbeth is written by William Shakespeare and released in 1606. That is also the same as the release of The Tragedie of Anthony and Cleopatra.
The Tragedy of King Richard the Third is written by William Shakespeare.
The Tragedy of Macbeth is a dystopian novel.
Yes, it is.
Sure, he directed The King's Speech, The Damned United, and Les Miserables. Do you like his work?
The Kings Speech was rated PG and a movie rated PG.
The King's Speech was released in 2014. Would you like to watch it?
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football franchise based in Denver Broncos.
I think he was a defensive back too.
That's right. He also coached The Broncos.
Yes, it stars Nicolas Cage and John Travolta.
Yes, I love Rihanna. She is my favorite singer-songwriter. I like her as well.
It also starred Vanessa Hudgens and Jeff Bridges.
I think you will enjoy it if you like Liam Neeson.
Yes, he is a singer-songwriter. Do you like his music?
He starred in Men in Black 3. He is a musician too.
Isn't that a pop genre?
Yes, it was a great movie. Do you like it because it's a crime fiction?
Yes he did, he also starred in Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas.
Yes, I have seen The Pirates of the Caribbean. I haven't seen it yet.
Cool, enjoy the movie!
Are you looking for other books by J.K. Rowling?
Have you read Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban?
Juraissic is a Romantic Film starring Matt Damon. Do you like him?
Sure, you might like Zombieland, X-Men.
Yes, he did, Burt Reynolds starred in the X-Men Origins: Wolverine, it is a science fiction film
I don't have that information, but some other actors starred in it.
Sure, you may like Zombieland, X-Men: First Class, X-Men: First Class
Not sure, but he starred in the movie X-Men
I would recommend Wizard and Glass and The Sandman: Endless Nights.
Yes, it was co-written by Stephen King and released in 1997.
Yes, he also wrote "The Stand" a horror film.
You're welcome!
Yes. Forrest Gump starring Tom Hanks is a good movie
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional American football franchise based in Tampa, Florida. The Buccaneers currently compete in the National Football League as a member team of the National Football Conference South division
I don't know much about them. Who is the coach?
he play the position of forward
I believe they are doing well
I don't really know much about her as an actress. But I do know he is a great singer. Did you know she was born in Leeds?
I think she starred in Ocean's 8, which is a great movie.
Yes Liam Neeson is an excellent actor. I think I see him in Men in Black 3D.
Yes, I do! He starred in Desperado. Have you heard of it?
yes he was in Desperado. do you like his music?
i do not know anything about her. who is your fav player?
Sure! Charlotte Bront wrote The Professor, Shirley and Villette. Have you read them?
It's a very popular novel in the U.S.A.
I can add it to your reading list if you would like?
Robin Buss also wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo released in 1844.
Robin Buss also wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo, have you read it?
It was actually written by Robin Buss, who also wrote The Titan's Curse.
It was written by St. John Mandel and released in 2014. Do you like the genre of this book?
Yes, she has also written The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants and Last Night in Montreal. Have you read them?
It is a crime and drama film.
Sure, anything else?
Yes, it was written by Rick Yancey. Are you a fan of his work?
Yes, I do. He also wrote Vespers Rising and The Last Star.
Yes, he wrote The Last Star and The Infinite Sea which is similar to The Last Star.
Sure, he also wrote Company Man. It's a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
Robert Jackson is the author of this book.
It was released in 1599
The Notebook was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you want to know who else he is in?
I do as well. The Notebook has genre Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Of course, Sara Shepard and Reese Witherspoon starred in it as well.
Certainly!
I don't know much about it. But I do know it was written by Jamie Ford.
That is correct. J.K. Ford also wrote Songs of Willow Frost.
That is correct. It is from the United States of America.
Yes, he also wrote The Firm
Sure! If you like Batman Begins, you might like the movie The Awakening or the Avengers.
Have you seen Apocalypse Now? That's a great movie.
Morgan Freeman starred in The Civil War, The Civil War, and The Civil War.
A Time to Kill is written by John Grisham. Are you familiar with his work?
Great. Then you might also like The Fiery Cross or The Devil in the White City.
Have you read The Pelican Brief or The Pelican Brief?
Margaret R. Higonnet wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
Yes, he did. Did you know he was from 1891?
He also wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks
Robert Galbraith also wrote The Silkworm.
She also wrote The Cuckoo's Calling and The Silkworm.
You are welcome!
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
It is young adult fiction
There is The Looking Glass Wars written by Frank Beddor
The goonies is a series
Your welcome
The Ambassador's Mission is similar. Have you heard of it?
Yes, Simmons wrote Franny and Zooey.
Sure, He wrote Angels & Demons which is a thriller.
Yes, he's a great actor. He starred in The Vow and The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen those?
Yes, he also starred in The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he also starred in The Secret Life of Bees. Have you seen it?
Then you might like The Fault in Ours. It's a great movie!
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about him other than he was born in Oakland. Are you a fan?
My favorite player is LeBron James. What is yours?
He is a point guard, and he is a point guard.
The Ambassador's Mission is similar. Have you heard of it?
I don't have any examples of literary realism. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't really know much about them except they're a K-pop boy band. Do you like them?
I can't find any information on that title right now. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's a great song! I think she's made some songs from her songs. She's a very talented pianist.
I believe it is a great book. It was written by Ann-Marie MacDonald .
It was released in 2003
Yes, it is a very good one.
I'm also going to try The Sacrilege: The Antichrist Takes the Throne.
You're welcome!
Looper is a Thriller starring Bruce Willis. Have you seen it?
That is correct. anything else i can answer for you?
have a good day
A Beautiful Mind is a Thriller starring Mindy Kaling. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure, he also directed A Beautiful Mind, have you seen it?
You are welcome.
The Devil in the White City: Murder, Magic, and Madness at the Fair that Changed America was written by Tony Goldwyn
Tony Goldwyn has also starred in such films as The Bourne Legacy and The Bourne Legacy.
It is a romantic comedy
You're welcome
Catcher in the Rye is a novel written by J.D. Salinger. It's a great book.
Yes, J.D. Salinger
You are welcome
I don't know much about soccer but I know he plays for the Argentina national football team.
A Clockwork Orange was released in 1984. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes it was starring William H. Macy
I recommend The Time Traveler's Wife. It's classified as a drama.
Sure, she wrote Emma which is a romance novel and also Emma.
Philippa Gregory wrote Wideacre, The White Queen and The White Princess. Do any of these sound interesting?
It's a Historical novel. Do you like Historical fiction?
Yes, they are both historical fiction books. Do you like that genre?
Sure! Enjoy!
It is a sports team based in England.
I don't know much about them. Are they a football team?
I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. How about you?
Yes, I do. Did you know that she starred in The Hour I First Believed?
Yes, it is! Do you want me to add this to your list?
The Beginner's Goodbye is a great one.
You are welcome
The Miami Dolphins are a professional American football franchise based in the New England Patriots.
Not really a Packers fan but the Dallas Cowboys are 4th in the NFC East.
The Patriots are the best in my opinion. They're doing a lot better than the Cowboys.
The Hangover is a good movie. Have you seen it yet?
I do not know who starred in it but it is directed by Steven Spielberg
It was released in 2003 and directed by Steven Spielberg.
You're welcome!
I do, she has a great voice. She has a wonderful voice. She has a wonderful voice. She has a wonderful voice.
Yes Victoria Justice is a great Sicom. She also starred in Waiting to Exhale.
Yes, Victoria Justice starred in it. She also starred in Waiting to Exhale
Yes, she was the main character in that movie.
Downfalls in the Speculative Fiction genre.
Yes! Windtalkers is a war film starring Lukas Haas.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
The Catchter in the Rye is a dystopian novel. Would you like to know more about this?
I don't have any suggestions for novels in the Fiction genre, but if you like fiction you should check out The Fault in Our Stars.
Sure, I'll add Wuthering Heights.
You're welcome!
Yes, it's a great movie. It's a family drama and family film. Have you seen it?
Yes it is!
Yes! She is a great actress. She also starred in The Last Stand.
Correct! Mindy Kaling starred in the movie Ralph Breaks the Internet.
No problem! Enjoy!
The Miami Dolphins are a professional American football team based in Chicago, Illinois
I like them too! They are in the NFC East, and they're in the NFC East division.
Tony Romo is a great player. Did you know he was from the United States of America?
Have you seen the Royal Tenenbaums?
Owen Wilson was in the film. He was also in The Royal Tenenbaums.
Yes, it is. Anything else I can help you with?
I believe he is an athlete but can't recall what sport he plays.
I don't have any stats for him in England though.
I don't know much about him other than he's a golfer.
Sure! Virginia Woolf wrote The Waves, The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York, and The Waves.
Yes, she wrote; The Running Man, and The Obscure. Have you read any of them?
I'm not sure of the release date.
You're welcome!
He is an American professional basketball player who plays as a point guard for the Denver Broncos.
He is on the New Orleans Pelicans as a point guard.
Yes, I am a fan of the Denver Nuggets.
Shelly Duvall starred in Time Bandits. Do you want to know more about that?
Time Bandits is an action film. Do you like those types of films?
You're welcome.
Sure. Michael Mann directed Public Enemies starring Marion Cotillard. Have you seen it yet?
Yes. He also directed The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which is a great movie.
Yes, it's a great movie!
She wrote Under the Tuscan Sun, have you read it?
She also wrote Bella Tuscany which was made into a movie.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about her other than that she's a singer. Do you like her music?
Oh nice. Do you know her in the movie Valentines Day?
Oh, ok. Do you know if she is in other movies?
I don't know much about them. Are they part of the National Football League?
I don't know much about Roethlisberger, but I do know that the Pittsburgh Steelers are part of the National Football League.
He wrote Shadowland and Night Star. Have you read those?
She has also written The Looking Glass Wars, and The Golden Compass.
You'll like them in addition to her book, Shadowland.
You're welcome
Yes, he wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. Do you like him?
Yes he is on the New England Patriots.
I don't know much about Radamel Falcao other than he plays football. Do you like football?
Yes, it is a great movie. It was written by Charlaine Harris and stars Bruce Willis. Have you seen it?
Dead Poets Society is a comedy.
There's Dead Poets Society written by Tom Schulman. It's a drama.
There's Dead Poets Society written by Robin Williams and it is a drama.
No problem!
Yes, he wrote Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. Do you like Harry Potter?
Yes, he did. Did you know he also starred in The Casual Vacancy?
Yes, it was. The movie starred Brad Pitt and was adapted into a film.
Yes, Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
I believe it was a drama.
You're welcome.
Sure! The Bourne Identity starred Matt Damon and was directed by Tony Gilroy. Would you like to know who also directed The Bourne Identity.
The Bourne Identity starred Tony Gilroy and Kate Winslet. Would you like to know more about the film?
Yes, the Bourne Identity starred Matt Damon and was released in 1999. Do you like the Thriller genre?
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Unbroken A world war II story of survival, resilience and Redemption, have you read it yet?
She also wrote Unbroken A World War Z. Have you read it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
Sure, he directed Girl Interrupted, and Kate & Leopold. Have you seen any of them?
Yes, she was! She was also in Marvin's Labyrinth.
Yes, it won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Actress in Leading Role.
Yes, if you like Johnny Cash, you would probably enjoy Treasure Planet. Have you seen that?
No problem! Enjoy!
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. He also wrote The Voyage of the Dawn Treader.
To Kill a Mockingbird is a novel written by Harper Lee. Would you like to read it?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Jason Cope starred in District 9 and Dredd. Want to know more?
It's a romance and action film
Yes, he stars in the movie Spud.
Jason Cope also stars in this movie
Yes, he directed Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back and The Last Temptations.
The Return of a Man Called Horse stars Bruce Willis and was released in 1999.
You're welcome.
He starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys.
I don't have that information but I can tell you that Kevin Dillon starred in this movie as well
The Other Guys was released in 2010 and stars Tika Sumpter
You're welcome
Sure. Morgan Freeman starred in The Civil War and Levity. Have you seen them?
Yes, Ned Bellamy starred in The Shawshank Redemption too.
Yes, he is. He was also in The Green Mile and The Green Mile.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Blood Diamond is an Indie film that was produced and directed by David Ayer.
Yes, it is a great book written by Rhonda Byrne.
Yes, he also starred in The Aviator, and The Aviator.
Inception is a great movie! It was written by Christopher Nolan, who also starred in The Dark Knight.
Yes, I love James Cameron too!
You're welcome.
Yes, 50/50 is a Romance Film released in 2013. Is that what you're looking for?
I don't have any information on the actors, but I can tell you that The Proposal is starring Matt Damon.
Sure, Vanessa Fertilio starred in Time Bandits, have you seen this one?
You're welcome.
Yes, they are in the NBA and are owned by Jay-Z.
Yes they are. The Washington Red Sox are a good team.
I have! Nanking is a great movie. Didn't Stephen Dorff also star in it?
Yes, she is a very talented author. Have you read The First Four Years?
Sure. The Long Winter is a children's novel that was released in 1943 and was the first of the Long Winter.
If you like historical fiction, I would recommend The Looking Glass Wars. It's a great choice.
Sure thing. Anything else I can help you with?
Sure! He wrote Thunderstruck, which is a young adult fiction. Have you read that one yet?
Do you want me to add it to your list?
Sure, another great book by Christopher Bigsby is The House of Mirth. Have you read that one?
It's a great book, as well as a play!
It was directed by Dave Pelzer and released in 1988.
It was released in 1988 and is a drama.
Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier, The Country Bears, and The Clockwork Girl among others. Have you seen any of these?
Yes, Jim Belushi also starred in Underdog. Would you like to watch it?
The Pacifier was released in 2004.
You're very welcome!
The Devil Wears Prada is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
The main characters are Anne Hathaway and Julie Garwood.
Then you might also enjoy the Romance Film if you haven't seen it
It was directed by Lauren Oliver, would you like to watch it?
I believe it came out in 2011
You're welcome
Sure, she starred in Under the Skin, The Long Goodbye and The Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen any of those?
Sure, he wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror. Have you read any of these?
Yes, they are one of the best teams in the Colombia national football league.
I think he was actually born in Rio de Janeiro.
I'm not sure who actors from Columbia but I know that Falcao is from Columbia.
Will Smith of course! It's a good movie.
Sure! As Good as It Gets is a movie starring Yeardley Smith and produced by James Patterson. Have you seen it before?
Sure. It stars Jack Nicholson and is a drama. Do you like that genre?
Terms of Endearment was released in 1999
You're welcome
I don't know much about them. Are they part of the National Football League?
The Jaguars are owned by Wayne Weaver.
Yes, I like the steelers.
Yes, she plays badminton. I think you would like that one as well.
That's right! Did you know the 2012 Olympics was in London?
I really like football and soccer. My favorite sport in the summer olympics is football.
He is from India.
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote Two By Two, and The Wedding. Have you read any of those ?
It was released in the English language.
He also contributed to his book The Wedding.
Yes, he was!
Yes, he was. He was born in Delhi and he is also a comedian.
You're welcome!
Pulp Fiction was written and directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Yes, it's a sequel. Pulp Fiction is directed and produced by Quentin Tarantino.
Yes she was. She was also in Pulp Fiction as well.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sin City is a good movie. Are you a fan of his?
Sin City is a crime fiction film. Do you like crime fiction?
Gentlemen Broncos starred in the Indie film, The Manchurian Candidate, alongside Robert Rodriguez.
No, I haven't seen it.
Sure, it was written by Khaled Hosseini and released in 2000.
Yes, it is a movie starring Cameron Diaz. Would you like to watch it?
The Kite Runner is a romance film. Khaled starred in this film.
You're welcome!
Christina Lamb is a Romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, he did. Veronika is a speculative fiction novel in the science fiction genre.
Yes, he directed The Alchemist.
Sure. J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Where the Wild Things Are.
I'm not sure but if you like Peter Pan, I recommend The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
Yes, The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald and it's a novel.
The Great Gatsby is a novel and was released in 1920.
Yes! Other books in the drama genre are The Beautiful Creatures, The Painted Veil, and The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
It was written by Edward P. Scott Fitzgerald, who also wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
It was released in 1925. It's a drama.
Yes, The Fighter is a great movie. It stars Micky Ward, Mark Wahlberg and Melissa Benoist. It's a great action movie.
Jane Eyre is a novel written by Charles Dickens. It was released in 1847.
She also wrote The Professor, Shirley and Villette.
Villette is a Speculative Fiction novel.
You're welcome!
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her books?
She also wrote What Happen to Good People, which is a Young-adult fiction.
This Lullaby is a Young-adult fiction.
Yes, he wrote both The Amazing Spider Man and The Amazing Spider Man 2. Have you read those?
Yes, he did. Steve Kloves also wrote The Amazing Spider-Man.
That starred Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
I think he is a great musician.
I don't really follow cricket. Are you a big fan?
Not really. I am more of a baseball fan.
Sure, Baz Luhrmann directed The Great Gatsby (Award-Winning Work). The Great Gatsby (Award-Winning Work) is starring Tobey Maguire. what else can i do for you?
I am not sure who starred in it but Baz Luhrmann directed The Great Gatsby
You're welcome.
You are welcome.
Yes! It's a great movie starring Meryl Streep. Do you like her?
That's a great choice. The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is one of my favorite Disney movies.
The Princess and the Frog is such a good one! I think you would like it!
Yes, the Red Riding Hood is a great book. It was written by Scott Westerfeld. He has a great cast.
Yes, that was written by Jack London. It's a great book. Have you read anything by him?
Sure. Jack London also wrote To The Sea and The Sea Wolf.
Sure! It's a great book, released in London.
I have not, but I know it was written by Jamie McGuire. Are you a fan of his work?
I agree, that is a great book! Did you know Jamie McGuire also wrote Beautiful Oblivion?
I hope you enjoy it!
Happy reading!
ok
Jennifer Lawrence starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse. Have you seen those?
Yes, Robert De Niro starred in Silver Linings Playbook.
Yes it is! Meet the Parents is a comedy.
You are welcome
I don't really know much about them. I am a patriots fan.
The Bears are 4th in the AFC West, and I am a Redskins fan. The Bears are having a good season.
I don't know much about them as they are an AFC West team and I think the Saints are doing well.
That book is written by Toni Morrison and is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Great, you may like The Scorch Trials or The Maze Runner. They're both historical fiction.
I don't have any information on that one but if you like action movies it's a great choice.
I love her music! Did you know she starred in a few movies?
Yes, Liam Hensworth is a great songwriter.
The Last Song is a great movie. I would also recommend it if you like Nicolas Sparks too.
Sure! The Lucky One is a romance novel written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Nicholas Sparks?
He also wrote The Notebook and The Time Traveler's Wife. Both are great books.
He also wrote Girl with a Pearl Earring. It's a drama.
You're welcome.
Sure, Jean-Marc Vallée starred in The Young Lions and Wild. Have you seen either of those?
He has a genre of Action and Thriller.
Yes, it's a classic.
I'm not sure who starred in it, but I think you'd enjoy it.
I don't have any information on that.
She also stars in the movie Wild Grass, have you seen it?
Sure, I sent it to your queue.
Fast and the Furious is written by Gary Scott Thompson who also wrote Fast and the Furious.
The Fast and the Furious is starring Vin Diesel
Both Fast and the Furious and Fast and the Furious are starring Vin Diesel
You are welcome
Do you like the movie because it's a crime fiction movie?
World War Z was a great movie. Other movies similar to World War Z are Zombieland, X-Men, X-Men: First Class, X-Men: Apocalypse, and X-Men: Apocalypse.
I have not watched that movie. But I heard it was good. I am a fan of its creator, Frank Miller.
He also starred in X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: Apocalypse.
Sure, he also starred in The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - another great movie.
Your welcome.
It is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he also wrote The Sirens Titan. Have you heard of it?
Yes. It was an autobiography released in 1961.
You're welcome!
Kyrie Irving is a professional basketball player. Do you like basketball?
Yes, Doc Rivers was a point guard as well as a musician
Oh wow, that's all I know.
I don't know much about him except that he's a great singer. I do like his music. Do you like his music?
I don't have any information on any of his songs but I can tell you that he is a good person.
Yes that is correct.
I don't really know much about them. Are they a good team?
Yes, he owns the Madison Square Garden Company. Do you like him?
I heard they are good. I think the Philadelphia Eagles will be a good team.
Yes, he wrote The Golden Compass. Have you seen it?
It also starred Chris Weitz. Do you like his acting?
Yes! Warren Zieg also produced American Pie. Have you seen it?
The Last Stand is a good one. Also written by Jeff Garlin.
I did. Did you know Jake Gyllenhaal was in The Smurfs?
I don't know if he starred in that movie. But he was in The Smurfs.
Oh yeah. That's a sci-fi film. It's a classic!
They are a basketball team in the NBA. Are you a fan?
Oh wow! That sounds about a good idea. I really don't follow any sports.
I didn't know that! But, I'm a fan of Jada Pinkett Smith.
That's a great movie! Would you like me to watch it now?
Madame Bovary is a Romance novel released in 1856.
Yes, it was. Would you like to know more information about Madame Bovary?
Well, if you're looking for more modernism books, I can recommend Mary Barton. She's a very good author.
You're welcome.
Ara Celi has starred in American Beauty. Would you like to know more about this movie?
It also starred Kevin Spacey. Would you like to watch it?
Sure, here are some Kevin Spacey's movies as well as World Without End, have you seen any of these?
Yes, she is. She lost to Serena Williams and Roger Federer.
Yes, she's a pretty good actress.
Good Deeds is considered a romantic comedy.
Yes he directed The Storm and Thelma & Louise. Do you like Thrillers?
Ridley Scott directed Alien starring Alien.
Sure, it stars Johnny Depp and is a romance film released in 2003
I don't have information on anything else he has directed, but a Crime Thriller movie is The Godfather. Have you seen that?
Sure, enjoy the movies!
I'm not sure if she released anything new. But I like her in the movie Friends with Benefits. Are you familiar with her work?
The Time of Cholera stars is a great movie, have you seen it?
It was the Whiting Writers' Prize for Music in the Literature
Coraline is a great children's novel written by Neil Gaiman, it is a thriller and was released in 2010.
I do not have that information but I can tell you that it is also a very good book.
Well, if you like horror, you might also enjoy Star Wars: Episode V - Attack of the Clones.
Sure! Wicked City is a young-adult fiction film starring Matt Damon and was released in 2011.
Sure! Margaret Atwood wrote The Year of the Flood and The Robber Bride. Have you read them?
Sure, he wrote Where the Red Fern Grows which is a fiction novel.
Yes, Wilson Rawls has also wrote Family Speculative fiction
It was released in 2005
Your welcome
You're welcome
Sure! Do you like The Notebook because it's romance?
He also wrote Where Rainbows End, which is a romance novel.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other books by him.
You're welcome!
Sure. He wrote Moby Dick which was released in 1851. Have you read it yet?
Yes, that's right. It was released in 1851 in the English language
You're very welcome!
Yes, he wrote Go, Dog Go!
Yes, it is a children's literature. Some examples are; The Witch of Blackbird Pond and The Giver.
Yes, he did. There also a sequel, Go, Dog, Go!
Sure, he wrote Jurassic Park, Jurassic Park, and Lord of the Flies. Have you read any of those ?
Surviving Picasso has genre Speculative fiction, Science Fiction
Sure, some other actors starred in this movie are Robert De Niro, Al Pacino, Al Pacino, and Reese Wither.
Sure! He wrote The Last Don, a suspense novel. Have you read it?
Yes, it is. Do you like his work?
Sure!
Danny Boyle starred in Young Frankenstein and Young Frankenstein. Have you seen them?
Yes, he starred in Trance and Trainspotting. He also starred in The Green Hornet.
I believe it's a drama film.
Brad Pitt starred in Troy and Troy. Do you like Troy movies?
He is in the movie Troy
Sure The Sandman: World is a good one
Brad Pitt starred in the movie
Okay sounds good
That was a great movie starring Natalie Portman. Do you like her movies?
Sure! He starred in The Perfect Score which is a Science Fiction Film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't really know much about soccer. Are you a soccer fan?
Do you like Oldboy because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Sure. Philip Pullman wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke. Do you like his work?
My apologies. Robin Jarvis wrote a book called The Diary of a Young Girl.
You're welcome.
Sure. Stanley Corngold wrote Die Verwandlung, which is a young adult fiction. Do you like fantasy genre?
Die Verwandlung is a crime fiction. Would you like to hear more about Stanley Corngold?
Zero Dark Thirty stars Stephen Dillane and is a War Film. Do you like War movies?
I'm not sure Mike Colter starred in Taking Chance, have you seen it?
Yes, Linus Roache also starred in Jurassic Park.
Yes, Doug Scott also starred in that movie as well.
Glad to be of assistance!
Casino Royale is written by Ian Fleming and starred Robert De Niro.
Casino Royale is starring Seth Rogen. It was released in 2006.
It was released in 2005.
Yes, it was. It was a television series.
You're welcome.
Sure! Did you like Cloud Atlas because it starred Tom Hanks or because it was a Sci-Fi?
Aeon Flux is a great Sci-fi film. Tom Tykwer also directed it.
Charlize Theron has been in several films such as The Portable Atheist and The Human Stain to name a few
You're welcome
You're welcome. Anything else I can help with?
Taxi Driver is a Psychological Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes, you are correct.
There is one called Inception, another one is Crime Fiction and another is Takers
Okay, enjoy!
Yes, that is a great book written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like his work?
Yes, he wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is a historical drama.
The Day of the Jackal was an excellent book by American author Michelle Pfeiffer. She was influenced by Jane Austen.
Yes, its an autobiography that Anne Frank wrote The Diary of a Young Girl. Would you like to know more about that?
Sure, Anne Frank wrote The Diary of a Young Girl, which is the same year as The Diary of Anne Frank.
I don't have any information on that date but I can tell you that Anne Frank wrote the Diary of The Bell Jar.
Great, enjoy the book!
That was a great movie! Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith starred Chris Hemsworth, who also starred in Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith. Have you seen it?
A Time to Kill stars Natalie Portman and Anthony Hopkins. It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
He has starred in What Lies Beneath as well. Have you seen it?
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Chris Buck directed the movie True Grit. Have you seen it yet?
Sure, you might also enjoy the movie X-Men. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
Dan Brown wrote Angels & Demons which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he directed the movie This Means War and it's a drama.
It is. It stars Matt Damon and is a comedy.
I am not sure who wrote Angelo Pizzo. He is a TV producer.
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional American football franchise based in Tampa, Florida. The Buccaneers currently compete in the National Football League as a member team of the National Football League East division.
That's correct! He used to be a linebacker and a linebacker.
You're very welcome!
I agree! He is one of the most underrated players in the world.
I love baseball and football. What about you?
I'm a Philadelphia Eagles fan.
Scream is a Horror film. Do you like Horror films?
Yes, you are right.
You are welcome.
You are welcome.
The Matrix starred Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, and Laurence Fishburne. Do you like the actors or genre?
It stars Natalie Portman and Rupert Graves.
V for Vendetta is a romantic comedy.
Sure, its written by Cornelia Funke and she also wrote Tintenblut. Do you like the author or the genre of this book?
Anthea Bell also wrote Tintenherz.
Cinderella is a Biographical novel.
King Kong was written by Kong Kong and stars Samuel L. Jackson. Have you seen the movie?
She has starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Resident Evil, and many more. Have you seen any of these?
Yes, The Painted Veil was written by Ron Nyswaner and starred Morgan Freeman.
You are welcome.
Gary Chapman wrote The Five Love Languages of Children. Have you heard of it?
That one is a pop music.
Yes, she wrote The Five Love Languages of Children, The Five Languages of Apology, and The Five Languages of Apology. Have you read any of these?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information on him. But, I can tell you that he wrote The Five Love Languages of Children, which is one of my favorites.
Frank Capra wrote It's a Wonderful Life. It's a Wonderful Life is written by Philip Van Doren Stern
Sure, he was a producer on The Good, the Bad and the Ugly
Yes, he also wrote It's a Wonderful Life
I'm sorry, I don't have information about that, is there anything else I can help you with?
She starred in Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Elie Wiesel.
I'm not sure but it was released in English
I do not have that information
I don't have that information
I'm not sure if it's a audio version
The movie stars Jennifer Lawrence, Bradley Cooper and Christian Bale. Do you like Christian Bale?
It's a crime movie. I highly recommend it.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Hmmm, I'm having trouble finding that information.
You're welcome.
Washington Redskins is my favorite team in the American Football League.
That's right. Do you like the Raiders?
Yes, it is. It's a great tennis player.
Sure! Do you like movies in the movie because it's a drama?
Sure Easy is a Drama written by Tammara Webb and released in 2012. She also wrote Where are You, and Breakable.
It is a crime fiction novel that was released in 2012. Do you want to read it?
Sure. She also wrote Where You Are, and Breakable.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome!
Steven Soderbergh directed Ocean's Eleven. Have you seen it?
The Good German stars Stephen Fry and Rupert Graves. Have you seen it?
He has been in quite a few films such as The Good German, The Good German, and The Good German.
You're welcome!
Alan Moore wrote Watchmen which is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure V for Vendetta was released in 2004.
You're welcome.
Richard J. Dunn wrote the book Wuthering Heights.
Yes, it's a very good book, released in 1847. It's about a boy who moves to a small town and falls in love to his family.
It's a good one. Enjoy!
The Eye if the World was written by Robert Jordan Jordan and is a fantasy novel. Do you like that genre?
Sure. Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction.
It was released in 2004 and is a thriller.
Simone Elkeles wrote Return to Paradise.
You're welcome.
Spirit Bound was written by Richelle Mead. Richelle Mead also wrote The Fringe Benefits of Failure and the Importance of Imagination.
Twilight series is written by Richelle Mead.
I believe it's a Fantasy genre.
You're welcome
Charles Dickens wrote Oliver Twist, The Old Curiosity Shop, and Oliver Twist. Have you read any of these?
Yes, Leo is influenced by Charles Dickens and is a speculative fiction.
Yes, that is correct. The Posthumous Papers of the Great Britain was released in 1845.
Yes, and it's a very interesting story.
Have a great day.
Yes, he directed The Longest Yard and The Longest Yard. Have you seen them?
Yes, he did! He was also the producer for the Longest Yard.
I'm not sure who else stars in that movie, but Adam Sandler was in 50 First Dates as well.
Yes, he wrote Fantastic Beast and Where to Find Them.
He also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
It falls into the speculative fiction genre.
Newt Scamander appeared in the Fictional Universe Harry Potter by J.K. Rowling.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is written by JK Rowlings and it's a Fantasy genre.
Yes. The book is based on J.K. Rowlings the same as Harry Potter.
Michael O'Neill starred in Transformers and Traffic.
Traffic and Seabiscuit is a drama film released in 1999.
Have you seen State of the Union? It's a crime drama.
You're welcome.
He is a soccer player from Spain and plays for the Spain National Football Team.
I am a big fan of the Spain national football team.
I hope you enjoy it!
Another one is Meet the Fockers and Welcome to Mooseport.
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
Yes, Woody Harrelson starred in this movie.
It is a Romantic Comedy.
I like murder mystery as well. Have you seen Zodiac?
Yes, Shutter Island is a good one.
Mansfield Park is a great book written by Tony Tanner, do you like his work?
Persuasion is written by Dan Brown. Would you like to know other books by him?
Persuasion was released in 1817.
Yes, it was written by Michael Markowitz and stars Samuel L. Jackson. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, she starred in Horrible Bosses.
That's right! Kevin Spacey also starred in Aladdin.
He's a great tennis player. Did you know he was born in Switzerland?
I don't watch much tennis, but I do know he competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Yes, I have a favorite player on the team, one is Venus Williams
I do! Cornelia Funke wrote Inkheart which is a Fantasy book. Do you like Fantasy books?
The Sword in the Stone and The Cuckoo's Calling are similar.
No, I haven't read any of her books. Are you interested in any of them?
Gary Paulsen wrote the book Monsters University, have you heard of it?
The River is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
I highly recommend X-Men Origins: Wolverine, but a great movie!
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Shawn Levy directed Real Steel. Real Steel is starring Hugh Jackman. what else can i do for you?
It stars Matt Damon and Josh Brolin. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Do you like it because it's a Historical period drama?
If you like Crime Fiction movies you should check out The Getaway. It's a good one.
Your welcome enjoy
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a good one
Isn't he a soccer player from England?
Yes they play in Wembley Stadium
Well Alice Walker wrote The Temple of My Familiar, have you heard of it?
He has written many books including The Portable Atheist, The Portable Atheist, and The Portable Atheist.
You're welcome
I think he is one of the best football players in the world.
No, I did not know that!
Yes he has, Andreu Favreau plays as a midfielder.
Yes, he is a midfielder and defender.
Yes I do. It was written by Patrick Rothfuss great author.
Well, Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Name of the Wind and he also wrote The Name of the Wind.
I'm not sure but it was released in 2014
You're welcome
It was written by Kiera Cass and released in 2013. Are you familiar with her work?
The Siren is a film. Kiera Cass also wrote The Selection Stories: The Prince & The Guard, and The Selection Stories: The Prince & The Guard.
Kierra Cass also wrote Girl, Interrupted and Under the Never Sky. Have you read them?
I'm sorry, I don't have access to that information.
His genre is rock. Do you like rock?
That movie stars Justin Timberlake. Do you like his movies?
Jesse Eisenberg also wrote The Social Network.
The Hummingbird Project was released in 2004. It's a great movie.
You're welcome.
Yes, it is a great book written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Do you like his work?
It is a mystery. Do you like mysteries?
Great, enjoy!
I'm sorry, I do not have any other information.
I haven't seen that movie, but I did see that it was written by Nicholas Sparks and starred Morgan Freeman. Have you seen it?
He has been in a number of movies. Would you like to know about any other movies he's been in?
Yes, he was in the Godfather movies.
You're welcome.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit one. It is a story about a race horse. Do you like horses?
She also wrote Unbroken A World War II Story of Survival, which was released in 2002.
It was released in 2002. He also wrote a book called The End of Watch.
Enjoy!
Sure, do you like the movie because it was written by Jonathan Nolan?
Aladdin is a great movie. You might also like The Princess and the Frog or The Little Mermaid.
The Princess and the Frog was released in 2011. It has a genre of Fantasy and Animation.
You're welcome.
Sure, he wrote To Have and Have Not, The Sun Also Rises.
He also wrote To Have and Have Not, The Sun Also Rises, and The City of Ember.
The Old Man and the Sea was released in 1929.
You're welcome!
You're welcome.
I think he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
Well, I know that he is a quarterback for the Denver Broncos. Do you know him?
Isn't he a DJ right?
yea
Oh yes, he wrote The Men Who Stare at Goats.
I don't have any information on that, but I do have the information that it was written by the same director as White Oleander.
It's a Historical novel, speculative fiction and fantasy.
Sure! A Grief Observed is written by C.S. Lewis.
A Grief Observed was released in 1950.
That's a great book! He also wrote Till We Have Faces, which is a great book!
Will do!
Sure, he wrote The A-Team and A-Team. Have you read them?
The Madison Square Garden is a basketball team I believe. Do you like them?
Yes! The Madison Square Garden is a great place to visit. Do you want any other information about them?
That is a great place to start with the Hornets.
He wrote Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil, which is a speculative fiction book.
The book was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
I'm not sure who directed it, but I do know it was written by Joseph Heller who also directed it.
He also wrote The Fault in Our Stars, which is a mini-series.
Yes, he did. He also wrote Paper Towns.
You're welcome.
I think he is a great footballer, do you follow soccer?
Yes, he also played on the German national football team.
I don't know much about him as an actor.
Yes, he has a good stats.
Gore Verbinski directed Rango. It was written by John Logan
Rango is a western starring Josh Brolin. He also directed Rango.
You're welcome.
The prestige was written by Christopher Nolan. He also wrote The Dark Knight Rises.
The Prestige is a horror film.
Yes, Jonathan Nolan also wrote The Prestige and The Dark Knight.
I don't have that information but Jonathan Nolan also directed Memento.
He has starred in many great films such as The Prestige, The Dark Knight, and The Dark Knight.
You're welcome
The WOnderful Wizard of Oz is written by L. Frank Baum.
Yes, it falls into the fantasy genre. Would you like to know more about this?
You may want to check out The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor if you like Voyager.
Yes, Diana Gabaldon also wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Are you interested in any of these?
I'm sorry, I don't have any recommendations for other romance novels in that genre.
You're welcome.
Kate Winslet is the latest movie. It stars Matt Damon and was released in 2017.
The Holiday was released in 2004.
It is a science fiction film.
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a good one.
yes Eddie Redmayne starred in the movie.
WALLE is a great children's film. If you are interested in childrens films, this is a great Speculative film.
Sure- she also starred in X-Men: The Last Stand and World War Z.
Sure! X-Men: The Last Stand is a sci-fi film released in 2014 and stars Hugh Jackman.
Yes! State of the Union is a great sci-fi movie.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
I'm not sure- but it was released in 2010.
Just Listen is a young adult novel written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her work?
Sure, it's also written by John Green, who also wrote What Happened to Goodbye which is a young adult fiction.
Sure, some other books in the same genre include When You Reach Me and The Titan's Curse.
Sure! Katherine Paterson wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. Have you read either of those ?
Yes, it's a children's literature. It's considered children's literature.
It is written by John Higgins. It's also a children's film.
I have not seen it. Is it a Crime Fiction Film?
There are several actors in Ocean's Twelve : Sequel: Ocean's Twelve: Ocean's Twelve: Ocean's Twelve: Ocean's Twelve: Ocean's Twelve: Ocean's Twelve: Ocean's Twelve: Ocean's Twelve: Ocean's Twelve: Ocean's Twelve: Ocean's Twelve: Ocean's Twelve: Ocean's Twelve: Ocean's Twelve: Ocean's Twelve: Ocean's Twelve: Ocean's Twelve: Ocean's Twelve : Ocean's Twelve starred in it, including George Nolfi, Brad Pitt
Good, enjoy!
Robert Lewandowski is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich and the Poland national football team.
Not really a football fan. But I watch it from time to time.
I would have to say that he is a German football player.
Paul Sorvino is an actor. He starred in several movies such as; The Rocketeer, The Stuff and The Rocketeer.
Yes, he is a screenwriter who wrote Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone.
It's a children's speculative fiction, similar to The Casual Vacancy.
Yes! He starred in the movie The Casual Vacancy. Have you seen it?
Sure, adding them to your list now.
Have you heard of Snow Flower and the Secret Fan?
China Dolls was released in 2005 and is a romance novel.
I'm aware that it was a romance novel released in 2012 and about China Dolls.
You're very welcome.
Do you like Pulp Fiction because it's a crime fiction movie?
If you liked Pulp Fiction, you might also enjoy Grindhouse by Rob Zombie.
It stars Kevin Costner and Rob Zombie. It is a Crime Thriller.
Sure, it was written by Stieg Larsson and released in 2006.
Sure, Syeig Larsson wrote The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which was released in 2005.
The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo is a mystery/fantasy book released in 2006.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Yes, he is a movie director who starred in Wicked, Tusk, The Assassination of Jesse Jame and many others.
Sure. Wicked is a Drama and Thriller.
You're welcome!
You're welcome.
Yes, he was influenced by Ken Kesey's author. He also wrote The Little Friend and The Goldfinch.
Yes, he did write it, and it's a great Speculative Fiction. I think you'll really enjoy it.
Great, enjoy!
I think he is a good basketball player. How about you?
He was the former world No 1 in singles. He was a former world No 1 in singles. He was a former world No 1 in singles. He was a former world No 1 in singles.
Yes, the kids love Ghostbusters as well!
Yes, he did. He starred in that movie. There's also Michael Jordan in that movie.
Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls written by John Pogue have you seen it?
Yes, Vin Diesel stars in The Fast and the Furious.
He also starred in Fast and the Furious.
You're welcome!
He also wrote Travels with Charley: In Search of America, Tortilla Flat, and The Winter of our Discontent. Have you read any of these?
Yes, he wrote What Lies Beneath which is a great book. Do you like his work?
Yes he did, he also starred in the film
Yes, I will have to check it out. It is a good one.
I don't know much about them. Are they in the National League East?
I don't watch much football, but I do know Eli Manning is from the United States.
I agree. I'd like to watch Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee.
I have not, but it was written by Paula McLain who also wrote Circling the Sun. Have you heard of it?
I'm not sure, but it was released in 2013 and is a romance novel.
You're welcome! Let me know if you need anything else.
You're welcome!
That movie is a Psychological thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Eraserhead is a Thriller. what else can i answer for you?
The genre is Thriller. anything else i can answer for you?
you are welcome
The Fault in Our Stars was a great movie he directed.
Yes! The Fault in Our Stars is a Romance film starring Sam Trammell.
It's considered a drama and a mystery.
You are welcome!
Hotel Rwanda is written by Terry George who also wrote The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it?
It was written by Francis Ford Coppola and directed by Roland Emmerich.
Yes it is a war movie starring Matt Damon and Josh Brolin.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Tammara Webber wrote Easy and Breakable. Would you like to know more of her books?
It was released in 2011
Wreck-it Ralph was released in 2011 as well.
Sure. It was written by Norton Juster. Are you familiar with his work?
Peter Cushing starred in Twins of Evil. anything else i can do for you?
He also starred in Twins of Evil and Torture Garden. Have you seen either of those?
Stephen King wrote Revenge of Frankenstein. Would you like to know more about him?
Sure, enjoy!
Peter Gallagher starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse. Have you seen those?
While You Were Sleeping stars Sandra Bullock and Bill Pullman. Would you like to watch it?
Tom Everett wrote it. He's a very good director.
Glad I could help. Enjoy!
Yaphet Kotto wrote The Thomas Crown Affair and The Running Man.
Yes, it is, you might like World War Z.
XXX is a sci-fi movie starring Kevin Costner who starred in The Usual Suspects
You are welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about Hush but I know that he is an athlete that plays cricket. Do you like Cricket?
Have you read The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe?
My pleasure, let me know if you need more recommendations.
You are very welcome!
It was written by Jeannette Wells and is considered a memoir.
The Glass Castle is another book written by Jeannette Walls
Sure, The Glass Castle was a horror novel released in 2005
Okay.
Yes, he directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13. He also directed Escape from New York.
Yes, you are correct. There is also a movie released that year starring Heath Ledger
I don't know anything about him. But I can tell you that he also starred in Treasure Planet.
Yes. She wrote The Secret, The Power, and The Secret. Have you read them?
My apologies. I don't have any information on similar books. However, I do have recommendations for other documentarys.
He wrote The Big Lebowski which was released in 2015.
He starred in the movie Welcome to the Monkey House and the Patriot.
Your Friend the Rat stars Patton Oswalt as Remy.
Your Friend the Rat is a 1998 animated short film also starring Patton Oswalt.
You're welcome
Yes it was written by Spike Jonze and is a fantasy book. Do you like this genre?
The BFG is a good one. It's an excellent family friendly film.
Sure. Anything else I can help you with?
Still Alice is one of my favorites! Have you heard of it?
Do you know if you enjoy Anthony's work?
Great, enjoy!
You're welcome!
Sure! Mark Haddon wrote The Time Traveler's Wife. It's a great movie. Have you seen it?
Yes, it adapted into a film.
Yes he did and he also produced The Messenger.
You're welcome!
Frank Coraci wrote Here Comes the Boom and Here Comes the Boom. Have you read those?
Kevin James also starred in Zookeeper. That's a romantic comedy.
Yes, it's a comedy.
Once Upon a Time in America was written by Sergio Leone who also wrote The Good, The Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that before?
Well, Upon a Time in America was directed by Sergio Leone who also directed The Good, The Bad and the Ugly.
I don't have that information but it was directed by Sergio Leone.
You're welcome.
Yes, he's a great Athlete who is the quarterback for the Green Hornets and the Brothers Grimm.
It came out in 1999
It also starred Meryl Streep, Emily Blunt and Anthony Hopkins
You're welcome.
It is a great movie starring Kevin Corrigan and Anthony Hopkins. It's an excellent movie.
I'm sorry, I don't have any more information on the movie. But Michael Lewis wrote The Kingdom, which is a drama.
Sure! Moneyball stars Bruce Willis and is a comedy film released in 2012.
City of ashed is a young-adult, speculative fiction book written by Cassandra Clare.
Cassandra Clare also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Cassandra Clare.
Sure, it was released in 2015. The next in the series is Clockwork Angel. It was also written by Dan Brown.
Sure, enjoy!
Yes, he directed The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which is a fantasy movie. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. He also directed Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire.
Yes, it's in English.
No problem!
It was written by C.S. Lewis and is a Speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
He also wrote Till We Have Faces, The magician's nephew and many others. Have you read any of these?
You are welcome. Anything else I can help with?
I love the song Yellow Submarine. How about you?
I don't really know much about him. What is the name of the team?
I don't know much about him other than he plays the position of forward.
Oh yes, i love the song from the Beatles.
Laurie Halse Anderson wrote Wintergirls. Twisted is one of my favorites.
Wintergirls is a Fiction novel that was released in 2011.
Sure, downloading now.
Yes, I do! Are you a fan of Rihanna's music?
Yes, Rihanna has a great voice. She has a Thriller label. Do you like Thrillers?
It is a great adventure film.
Sure, he starred in The Perfect Score.
Sure, Marc Forester starred in The Brief Encounters. Do you want to know more about it?
I'm not sure but it is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome
Absolutely! Mockingjay is an author who wrote a book called Mockingjay. Have you read it?
I'll give you some recommendations. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, that is correct.
Yes, he wrote Little Miss Sunshine.
Yes, he did. He also directed Little Miss Sunshine. It's such a cute movie.
Yes, Elizabeth is a version of Elizabeth. She also starred in Little Miss Sunshine.
I think it's okay. She also starred in Little Miss Sunshine which is a romantic comedy.
You're very welcome!
A Walk to Remember is written by Nicholas Sparks and is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
The Wedding Crashers is a good one. It was released in 1599.
Yes, it is a drama. It was released in 2014 and is a movie.
Sure. Nicholas Sparks also wrote A Walk to Remember. It's a coming of age story.
The Matrix Revolution was directed by Lana Wachowski and stars Keanu Reeves.
Yes, Keanu Reeves starred in the movie, The Matrix Revolutions, as well as the movie The Matrix Revolutions.
He also starred in "The Man of Steel" a comedy.
Yes, she has starred in the comedy The Manchurian Candidate, have you seen it?
Mystic River is directed by David Fincher.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he directed The Mechanic and Naked Sun. Have you seen them?
Did you know that he directed The Mechanic?
I don't have any more information on his recent movie
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Yes. M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans.
No, I haven't seen that one. Are you a fan?
Sure. He also directed The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which was a great movie.
You're welcome.
Yes, she wrote Rebecca, My Cousin Rachel, and Jamaica Inn. Have you read any of them?
My Cousin Rachel starred in Jamaica Inn.
I don't have that information, but Daphne du Maurier also wrote Jamaica Inn.
You're welcome.
I don't really know much about them. Who is their coach?
I don't know much about them playing in Pittsburgh. I do like the New England Patriots. There are a lot of interesting stadiums in Pittsburgh.
i love the Washington Redskins. how about you?
I think he is the current coach for the Patriots.
I think the New England Patriots will make it to the Super Bowl.
Yes, I am a huge fan of his. Did you know he starred in Friends with Benefits?
It's a romantic comedy. It's considered a classic!
Yes, it also starred Matt Damon and Ben Stiller. Have you seen it?
Yes, she is a really talented singer. I like her in A Walk to Remember. Do you like her?
I did, I love it. Do you have a favorite song by him?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that host. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, she was a doll that came to life.
Sure, Joseph Sikora starred in The Matrix Revisited. Do you like Joseph Sikora?
Sure. The Watcher is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Curious Case of Benjamin Button
You're welcome
She wrote Under the Tuscan Sun. Have you read it?
I don't know any other poets, do you know any other genres?
You're welcome.
It was released in 2014 and was written by St. John Mandel. Do you like the genre?
Toni Morrison wrote The Bluest Eye and Sula
It's a fiction novel
You can check out Voyager if you like fiction.
Enter's Game was written by Quentin Tarantino
You're welcome
Downfalls is a crime movie similar to the movie Downfalls. Would you like to hear more about this movie?
The movie starred Matt Damon and was released in 2004.
You're welcome.
Andrew Stanton directed Finding Nemo. Finding Nemo has genre Thriller. What genre do you prefer?
He also starred in The Good Dinosaur which is a great movie.
Yes, Andrew Stanton also starred in Toy Story 3. He is a great actor.
Yes, The Great Gatsby is a novel and The Chosen and The Affair are similar to it.
Well, I don't know much about "The Crucible" but I do know it was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Are you a fan of his?
For sure! Harald Kloser also wrote "The Painted Veil", which is a historical drama and was released in 2014.
You're welcome!
He starred in Playing for Keeps. Have you seen it?
It is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 1999.
Sure! Enjoy!
I have not, but I know it was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Ralph Fiennes.
I dont have that information but it was released in the same year as The Other Boleyn Girl.
Yes, he did and that was a great movie.
You're welcome.
Sure, he wrote The Golden Compass, which is a drama. Do you like drama?
I don't know if he directed anything else. But he did write A Good Day to Die Hard which is an animated film.
I haven't seen it. But, I heard it's a good one.
Sure, he directed both The Godfather and The Godfather. Have you seen them?
Sure! The Nightingale is a speculative fiction book written by Philip Pullman.
Yes, she also wrote Winter's Bone which is a Young-adult fiction. Have you read it?
I don't have any information on that specific book, but I can tell you that Kristin Hannah wrote Summer Island.
I think he's a very good tennis player but I don't know much about him.
I don't have much information on him but a Expendables 2 was pretty good.
You're welcome.
Yes, that is a great crime fiction movie starring Bruce Willis. Are you a fan of his?
That's right. I highly recommend it!
Sure! How the Grinch Stole Christmas was written by James Patterson and a children's literature. Do you like speculative fiction?
That is correct!
Yes, The Sneetches and Other Stories is a Children's literature and is a children's literature.
You're welcome!
Yes, it starred J.K. Simmons and Melissa Benoist. J.K. Simmons starred in it.
She is a screenwriter for The Longest Ride.
No, I apologize, I don't have much information on it.
Yes, it is a romantic comedy.
No I haven't seen any of them either.
You are welcome.
I would highly recommend the San Diego Chargers. They are a good team.
I like the Lakers as well. Have you ever watched him play on TV?
Yes, the Lakers will be one of the best teams in my opinion.
Larissa wrote рат рат рат рат рат рат рат рат рат рат рат рат рат рат рат рат рат рат рат рат рат рат рат рат рат
Eecbl wrote рат рат рат рат рат рат рат рат рат рат рат рат рат рат рат рат рат рат рат рат рат рат рат рат
Sure, enjoy the book!
Sure! Do you like The Notebook because it's romance?
Then you'd like to read Post-Apocalyptic fiction.
Yes it is! It was written by Natalie Babbit and released in 2005.
I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about them. Are they part of the National Football League?
I don't know much about him other than he was a member of the Washington Redskins.
That's right! Did you know Rozelle died in a brain tumor?
He wrote Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail. Have you heard of it?
He also wrote Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life from Dear Sugar.
You are welcome.
Sure, it was written by the great by J.K. Rowling and released in 2013.
She has also written The Cuckoo's Calling.
It's a fantasy novel. Would you like to read it?
You're welcome!
Yes, he starred in the movie The Pacifier, have you seen it?
Yes it is! It is considered a comedy-drama.
Yes, you're correct. I think I've seen it. I liked it. I liked it. I liked it. I liked it.
Sure! Little House on the Prairie is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote Little House on the Prairie and Little House on the Prairie.
Sure! Little House on the Prairie is a Children's Literature book, similar to Little House on the Prairie is Little House on the Prairie.
Yes, Little House on the Prairie is a Children's Literature book. Similar to this one as well as Little House on the Prairie.
Yes, I like her sister Serena better. How about you?
I didn't know that. What a great actress! She also starred in the Hair Show.
I didn't know that. I see that Venus has a sister named Serena but I know she is from Australia.
The Lost Symbol was written by Dan Brown and is a drama. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, would you like to know about other movies he has starred in?
Yes, he did. He also wrote Inferno which is a Science Fiction Film.
There is a Lost Symbol produced by Ron Howard called The Da Vinci Code and The Lost Symbol.
I don't have any information on any of his other movies, but I can tell you that The Da Vinci Code is a Drama Thriller.
You're welcome
Yes, X-Men: First Class is one of my favorite X-Men movies.
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a Thriller.
Sure. Another great sci-fi movie starring Ryan Reynolds is The Usual Suspects.
I don't know if Robert Downey Jr. also starred in the movie X-Men.
Tim Dolin wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
It is a Feminist perspective
He also wrote A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
Rick Yancey wrote The Monstrumologist, The Last Star, The Infinite Sea. Have you read any of these?
He has written several books such as The End of the Affair and Lambs of Darkness.
Great! Enjoy.
Yes, it's a great movie starring Thomas Lennon.
He also starred in Paper Towns. Have you seen that one?
Yes, I think you will enjoy it.
Gone with the Wind has a genre of Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Okay, then Gone with the Wind is a Romance movie. Would you like to hear about other Romance movies?
The Untouchables stars Bruce Willis and is a Crime Fiction movie.
You're welcome.
That is a great one by Nicholas Sparks. Did you know that he starred in many movies?
I don't have any information on what else he has written. But he wrote The Wedding Date.
I haven't read that one yet. It is a good one.
I don't really know much about them except they're a K-pop boy band. Do you like them?
Sure! Cornelia Funke wrote Inkheart which is a Fantasy book. Do you enjoy Fantasy books?
I'm not sure. However, Cornelia Funke wrote Inkheart which is a fantasy.
Your welcome.
Do you like it because it's a Thriller?
It was written by Woody Harrelson and stars Sam Sheppards and Charlie Korsmo
You are welcome.
Yes, he wrote Fantastic Beast and Where to Find Them.
It's a romance novel in the fantasy genre. Would you like to know more about it?
You're very welcome!
He starred in Hook Ya Crook. Have you seen it?
That's a great sport to watch. Do you like any other sports?
Robert Duvall starred in Hook Ya Crook, which is a romantic comedy.
Sure. Tracy Chevalier wrote The Virgin Blue, The Last Runaway, and The Virgin Blue. Have you read any of these?
The Last Runaway was released in 1997.
You are welcome.
The BFG is written by Roald Dahl. He also wrote Lord of the Flies and Other Adventures.
Yes, it is a children's literature. Another example of children's literature is The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
Yes, he wrote The Twitt, The BFG, and The Diary of a Young Girl.
You're very welcome!
Yes, they are a professional American football team based in Manchester United
Yes, he wrote The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes, The Complete Sherlock Holmes, and The Return of Sherlock Holmes. Have you read any of these?
Sure, do you like movies in the same genre?
Sure, he also starred in Inglourious Bastards, and The Skulls.
Sure, Stan Lee also starred in Iron Man 3 and Thor.
Absolutely, enjoy the movies!
Sure! Howls Moving Castle is directed by Diana Gabaldon and stars Christian Bale. Would you like to know more about this movie?
Jon Favreau wrote A Beautiful Mind, starring Favreau. Have you seen it?
He directed The Wolfman and Jurassic Park. Have you seen those?
Great! Joe Johnston also directed Cloverfield starring Chris Evans.
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Perfect Score.
You're welcome!
Sure, it was written by Gillian Flynn and is classified as suspense/mystery. Do you like these genres?
She also wrote Dark Places and Dark Places.
Yes it was. It starred Morgan Freeman and Chris Rock.
That one was released in 2014. Then you'll like it.
Yes, he wrote Truman Capote. It's a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Cold Blood is a drama. It is a crime fiction novel. Have you read it?
Sure! Transformers is a great movie. Did you know it was written by Michael Bay and stars Bruce Willis?
It's a great movie! It was directed by Steven Spielberg who also directed The Gossip Girl.
It was directed by Steven Spielberg and produced by Steven Spielberg.
You're welcome.
Yes, Mark Cotta Vaz wrote the movie companion, The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas.
Yes, it's a vampire series.
Yes, she wrote the Twilight Series. Are you a fan of hers?
You're very welcome!
Sure, he directed Seven Psychopaths? Do you like dark comedies?
It is a Psychopaths Thriller, released in 1999
Your welcome
Where the Heart Is was written by Bill Bryson. He also wrote The Slow Regard of Silent Things.
Yes, it was released in 1999 and is a drama.
You're welcome.
You're welcome
Rickie plays golf for the U.S. right?
I don't know much about golf, but I know Adam Sandler was in the movie. Do you like him?
I love Julia Bowen! I think she is one of her best actresses.
She starred in The Ice Harvest and The Hunt for Red October.
Kristin Hannah and Liam Neeson were in this movie.
The Situation has the genre Psychological thriller
The 5th Wave is a science fiction book written by Rick Yancey. Have you read it?
Sure! It was released in 2016. Is that what you're looking for?
My favorite science fiction book is The Infinite Sea.
Sure, have a good day.
You're welcome!
She's a bit poppy for me. Wasn't she in Valentines Day and the cartoon The Lorax?
I liked her in the movie Valentine's Day. She also starred in The Lorax which was released in 2016.
I agree. Did you know she starred in The Lorax?
He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: Apocalypse.
I haven't seen it yet. Can you tell me who produced it?
Ted is a great movie. Would you like me to add it to your favorites?
Awesome. I hope you enjoy it.
Me too! Did you know he starred in Men in Black 3?
I like all of his music. My favorite one is Lady Gaga
Yes I like his music a lot. I like his new stuff like The Weeknd.
That was a great movie! Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith starred Chris Hemsworth, who also starred in Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith. Have you seen it?
Yes he was, he was in it as well
He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Resident Evil: Apocalypse
Sure! Click was directed by Adam Sandler who also directed Surfer Man.
Grown up was directed by Matt Damon. Do you like drama movies?
Yes he did and Dennis Dugan is the director.
You're welcome
Victor Hugo is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Barcelona and the Brazil national team.
The Hunchback of Notre-Dame was released in 1903 and is a classic!
Yes it was. It was released in 1845 and is a classic!
Great, enjoy!
You're welcome!
Paul Thomas Anderson starred in Water for Elephants have you seen it?
I don't really know much about her. But I do like her song Chandelier and Titanium. Do you?
Yes, I like some of his music. Did you know he's also been a model?
Yes, he is a bit similar to his music. Do you like his music?
Anthony Hopkins starred in both Bobby and The Edge.
Bobby is a drama and a comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it also starred Peter and Paul, which is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I don't know much about them. Are they part of the National Football League?
I don't know much about them. I do know the team is coached by Ken Whisenhunt and owned by Bud Adams.
I think they will win the Super Bowl XLVII
I think he is a good basketball player. How about you?
I don't know much about them. Who is their coach?
You should! Space Jam was a great movie.
The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet Prince of Denmark is written by William Shakespeare. Have you read it?
The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet was released 2012
Okay have a great day!
She is a Romanian professional tennis player. She is the current world No. 1 on the WTA Tour.
I do know Venus is a female tennis player, and Serena Williams is one of the best female players of all time.
I can't remember. I think she lost to Serena a lot more than Venus.
I don't really know much about them. Are they part of the National Football League?
Yes he did, he also coached the Detroit Lions.
I believe it was in the 1980's
Yes, he wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
That book was released in 1886.
That book is a mystery.
If you like horror, I recommend The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
I'm not sure who stars in it, but The Long Walk is a good one.
Sure thing, order it for you now.
Yes, the movie was directed by Chris Columbus who also directed Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
Yes it was written by J.K. Rowling.
Yes, he wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
Kenneth H. Blanchard wrote it. It's a self-help book.
It was released in 1981 and is a Non-fiction book.
Your welcome.
The Romance novel was written by Vince Flynn. Are you interested in his work?
Yes, she did write We the Living. Would you like to know about other books she wrote?
You're welcome.
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories ?
I don't have any horror books from the same time period, but I can tell you that The House of Dracula is written by Bram Stoker too.
The Girl Next Door is written by Kristin Hannah. It's an excellent choice.
Yes, The Girl Next Door has genre Fiction.
She wrote Under the Tuscan Sun, have you read it?
Under the Tuscan Sun is a Romantic Drama.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Do you like the movie because it is a romance or drama?
Yes she did, she also wrote Go Set a Watchman.
You are welcome
Harper Lee also wrote Go Set a Watchman which is a great movie
Another movie starring Al Pacino is Goodfellas. Have you seen that movie?
I have, it's a great movie. It was released in 2005 and stars Al Pacino.
Do you like the movie because it stars Marlon Brando?
He also stars in X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: First Class.
Yes, he also starred in Vampyres, another great movie!
No problem!
Seamus Heaney wrote Beowulf.
Beowulf is a satire.
It is in the English language.
Yes, he starred in the movie The Terminator and The Order. Do you like his work?
Yes, he starred in The Terminator and The Order. Both are action films.
Sure! He also starred in The Crucible and The Manchurian Candidate.
Liam Neeson is also in it. It's a great film.
Liam Neeson also starred in this movie.
No problem!
Sure! He directed Seven Psychopaths starring Natalie Portman. Have you seen it yet?
Six Shooter stars Jason Statham and Liam Neeson. Do you like Jason Statham?
Yes, it's a crime fiction film.
Yes, he is! He plays for the LA Lakers. He was born here in LA.
I watch it from time to time. I think he's a great player as well.
Wilson Chandler is a great shooting guard, as well as a shooting guard.
Do you like this book because it's a heroic book?
Alien is apart of the film series Aliens. Aliens is written by Ronald Shusett. Have you seen the other movies in the series?
Yes he is! He has produced several movies in this genre. Would you like to know more about that one?
I don't have any suggestions for his work but I can tell you he has directed many films, such as The Matrix Revolutions, The Human Stain, and many more.
I'm always here to help!
The Rosie Project is written by Graeme Simsion and it was released in 2013.
Are you a fan of sci-fi? She also wrote The Last Stand and The World Without End.
Yes, it is released in 2014. Do you want me to add it to your list?
Antoine Fuqua wrote Olympus Has Fallen stars Robert Forster.
Robert De Niro also starred in Olympus.
He has also produced The New World, which is a biographical film.
I'm sorry, I don't have the information for that one.
Yes, he is a great artist. Did you know he starred in Friends with Benefits?
Yes they were, and they starred in Vanilla Sky.
Yes, he is! I think he is friends with Justin Timberlake.
Sure, do you like books by J.D. Salinger?
Harper Lee wrote it and it was released in 1920.
Yes, Harper Lee also wrote Go Set a Watchman, have you read it yet?
You're very welcome!
Sure, it was written by Cassandra Clare and released in 2004.
Yes, it was. The Shadowhunter's Codex was written by Jessica Knoll.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I'm not a huge baseball fan but I do know they are in the American League East and are owned by George Steinbrenner.
That is right, he owns the Boston Red Sox
I'm not sure of that, but I can tell you that he has a relationship with the Houston Astros.
I am not sure of that fact in my records but I can tell you that he died in an accident
Yes, he is very talented and has won many awards including his performance in the music industry.
I think she is a great athlete, did you know she was born in Hisar (Indian district)?
I don't know much about badminton but I do know he is an athlete that plays badminton. I think he's from India too.
Yes it is in Western Europe. Did you know that Nehwal was from Delhi?
I haven't seen it, but I heard it's a good movie, written by Richelle Mead. Do you like her?
The Amazing Spider-Man was written by Stan Lee and has a genre Science Fiction. It was released in 2012.
He has also written The Amazing Spider-Man, The Amazing Spider-Man, and many others.
Yes, it is a fantasy adventure film starring Maggie Smith
ok
Yes, Gillian Flynn wrote What Do You Do and Sharp Objects.
It is a Young-adult fiction
What genres do you like?
Your welcome
He wrote Heretics of Dune and Heretics of Dune.
Have you heard of Gone Girl?
Heretics of Dune was released in 1980. It is the second book in the series The Heretics of Dune.
Glad to help out!
Do you like Madagascar because it's a drama?
Then you might like Madagascar, it is a great animated movie.
Great, enjoy!
The Eye if the World was written by Robert Jordan Jordan and is a Speculative Fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Sure. The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a great movie. Another similar movie is The Marvelous Land of Oz, have you seen that one yet?
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
You're very welcome!
Yes, Little Miss Sunshine is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure! It's an action/adventure film that was released in 1997.
You're very welcome!
I haven't read the book but I heard it was written by Sara Gruen. Have you read it?
Yes, I have read At the Water's Edge.
No, I haven't heard of it.
I will have to check it out.
ok
Have a great day!
I do, it was written by Jamie McGuire and released in 2011. It has genres Novel and Urban Fantasy. Do you like Jamie McGuire?
I don't know any other of his work but I do know he was influenced by Jamie McGuire. Are you a fan?
You're welcome!
Pulp Fiction was written by Quentin Tarantino and stars Samuel L. Jackson
John Travolta also starred in Zombieland.
She has starred in Walk the Line and Self/less. Do those sound interesting?
Sean Penn was in Walk the Line too.
She also starred in the movie Walk the Line too.
Yes, he is! He wrote The Post and The Sun Also Rises. Have you read either of those yet?
I don't know much about them. Who is their coach?
Not really a Nets fan. I am a Philadelphia Eagles fan.
I am more of a Dallas Cowboys fan.
Jake Gyllenhaal wrote Ender's Game. Do you like his work?
It was released in 2002.
It's a great movie. Jake Gyllenhaal was in it as well.
Sure, have a good day.
Norton Juster wrote The Phantom Tollbooth. It's a good book.
Sure. The Looking Glass Wars, written by Frank Beddor, is fantasy.
Yes, it is. It is the first book in the series.
It was released in 2004.
Marion Zimmer Bradley wrote The Mists of Avalon, the Forest House, and Priestess of Avalon.
The Mists of Avalon is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
It was written by Philip Pullman and is a fantasy novel.
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote The Assassination of Jesse Jame and the King's Speech.
That movie also stars Bill Murray and is a romantic comedy.
It is a romantic drama film.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote Lord of the Flies, have you read that one yet?
The Next Best Thing is a comedy-drama.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was a great movie. Do you like it because it is a Romantic Comedy?
Sure, he also wrote The Big Lebowski.
I am sorry I do not have that information.
You're welcome.
He was in Star Wars as well as The Making of Star Wars. Have you seen those?
Wally Lamb wrote Three Weeks with my Brother, have you read that one yet?
Yes, it was released in 2009.
Yes! Wicked Appetite is by Janet Evanovich.
Yes, he wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Calling and One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Calling.
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest has genre Speculative fiction. Have you read that one?
Yes, he was. He also starred in The Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen that?
Do you like the movie because it's a thriller?
Mark Wahlberg is a great actor, he starred in films like The Big Lebowski.
I don't know if he acted in Leo, but he starred in The Other Boleyn Girl
I am not sure but I can tell you that he starred in The Big Leo.
I am not sure but I can tell you they also starred in The Big Leo
You're welcome.
Yes, The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is written by Jean M. Auel.
He also wrote The Silver Chair, The Chronicles of Narnia, and The Silver Chair. Have you read any of those ?
The Silver Chair is a fantasy and The Wardrobe is a children's book.
I sure do! I know he directed The Long Goodbye and District 9, both great movies.
Yes, it's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, she was in that film.
You're welcome!
She starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you heard of that?
I like some of her music. She is a great artist. She has also starred in the movie XXX.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a football player who plays for Manchester United F.C.
Javier Hernández is also a midfielder on the Mexico national football team.
I believe he is from Mexico other than that.
Bobby Farrelly directed Stuck on You. Stuck on You is written by Peter Farrelly.
Yes, there's Something About Mary and the Manchurian Candidate with Robert De Niro is a good one.
I don't have any facts about that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're very welcome!
Yes he plays basketball for the Minnesota Timberwolves. Do you like him?
Well, he plays again for the Chicago Bears.
I don't really know much about basketball either. What is the name of the Bulls?
Sure! Number the Stars is written by Lois Lowry and is a Young-adult fiction.
Lois Lowry wrote Number the Stars. It is a Young-adult fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote The Twitts, The BFG and The BFG. Have you read any of those ?
He wrote The Twitt, which is part of the series.
It is a great book. I think you will enjoy it.
It was released in 2007. Would you like to read it?
No problem!
This book was written by John Green and is Young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
He also wrote Paper Towns. Would you like to check it out?
You're welcome!
The Firm is a movie as well as a movie. Are you a fan of speculative fiction?
The partner is a legal thriller and legal thriller.
You're very welcome!
Aldous Huxley wrote The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell. Have you read that?
Yes, it was released in 1956. Would you like to know more information about this book?
The Last Battle was released in 1956. Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy!
Yes, he wrote a book that was released in 1987. It was a book that was released in 1987.
Yes, he also wrote The Secret History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
He also wrote The Universe in a Nutshell. Have you read it?
You're very welcome!
You're welcome!
She starred in Sneakers, Passion Fish and Mumford. Have you seen any of those?
That's a great movie! Did you know Robert Redford also starred in the movie Sneakers.
Yes, she was in that movie. My favorite she was in was Annie Hall.
Scream is a family drama and action film.
He wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames and When You Are Engulfed in Flames.
It's a Non-fiction book. It was released in 2008.
Yes it was released in 2008
You are very welcome!
Yes, I love her music. She is very talented.
I don't know much about her other than that I do. Are you a fan of Ariana?
Yes, it is a great song. I really like her in the movie X-Men.
Robin Williams starred in the movie Serena and In the Fire.
Yes it is. Do you want to know other movies starring Pierce Brosnan?
Yes, Leslie Dixon also starred in the movie, Have you seen the whole family?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! The Bourne Identity starred Matt Damon and was directed by Tony Gilroy. Would you like to know more about this movie?
Yes he did. Sean Penn directed Fair Game. Do you like him?
Sure, you might like Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt. It's a great Thriller.
You're welcome!
Sure, Christopher Bigsby wrote The Crucible and All My Sons have you seen those?
Yes, The Crucible is a tragicomedy and was released in 1991.
Sure, one of my favorites is The Invisible Man, The Book of Tomorrow, and The Book of Tomorrow.
Sure, it was written by J.R.R. Tolkien
You're very welcome.
I think he is a basketball player, he is from Oklahoma City.
I don't really know much about him other than he is from Oklahoma City
Yes. The Lakers as a point guard and he is from Oklahoma City.
He is a point guard.
Sure, Mary Harron directed American Psycho and was the Executive Producer on The Notorious Bettie Page.
Mary is a crime movie
Your welcome
It was released in 2003
Yes, The Two Towers and Stone of Destiny
Sure, have you read The Matrix Reloaded or The Matrix Reloaded?
He wrote the Matrix Reloaded, a science fiction film.
Yes, he wrote The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you heard of it?
Scott Glenn starred in Allegiant.
Well, Theo Watts is a great director. It's considered a action film.
He wrote The Light Between Oceans and The Light Between Oceans.
The Light Between Oceans has the genre Drama.
Yes, he starred in The Light Between Oceans. It was directed by Roland Emmerich.
You're welcome.
Yes, he is a singer-songwriter who has starred in many movies. Would you like to know some of them?
Yes, he starred in X-Men: First Class, X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: Apocalypse. Have you seen any of those?
Fool's Gold has Bruce Willis in it and he also directed The Usual Suspects.
Yes he did. Matthew McConaughey also starred in Fool's Gold.
You're welcome!
He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything, and starred in this movie.
I dont have information about the book but i can tell you Stephen Dubner wrote Freddy vs. Jason
You're welcome
Yes, that is a good movie starring Tom Hanks.
Sure, if you like Paul Schrader, you might also enjoy X-Men: First Class. Have you seen that?
Enjoy the movies!
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Uruguay national football team.
Yes, he did. Do you like any other players?
Yes, he is very good. Did you know he was born in Uruguay?
The Patriots are a professional American football franchise based in England. The Patriots play in the National Football League.
The Half-Blood Prince is written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like that type of book?
You're right. Anything else I can help with?
That's right. J.K. Rowling is the star of the film.
Yes, it was written by Roman Coppola and was released in 1995.
It stars Christopher Lee and is a great movie.
No problem! It is a Romantic Comedy released in 2006.
You're welcome!
A Streetcar Named Desire was written by Tennessee Williams and is a drama. Do you like dramas?
That's a great book. You should give it a try.
It's a romance novel that was released in 1945.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Hayao Miyazaki wrote The Shining and The Pillars of the Earth. Have you seen either of these?
Ponyo starred Matt Damon and was released in 2011. Do you like his movies?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that one.
You're welcome!
I don't know a lot about it. I know table tennis is a good sport. Do you watch any table tennis?
I am not sure about that. Do you like table tennis?
Yes, the 2004 Olympics was the year that olympic swimming swimming games.
I haven't seen them much but I do know they were the Executive Producers of the National Football League.
Yes they played the San Francisco 49ers. Do you like the San Francisco Giants?
Not really, I am more of a Pittsburgh Steelers fan.
I don't really know much about soccer. I'm a German football fan. Are you a fan?
Not really, I like American Football. My favorite team is the Redskins.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. What sports do you like?
Horse and His Boy is a good one as well as a children's literature. It was written by John Irving.
That's a good one! You should check it out. It's in the children's literature.
You're welcome
I don't know much about her work but I know she wrote In Her Shoes. Are you familiar with her work?
I haven't seen her movie, but I can tell you Susannah Grant wrote the book. Did you know she was from the United States?
Okay, I'd recommend Good in Bed because it's a romance/comedy.
No problem!
Great, have a good day!
You're welcome.
That movie stars Dean Koontz and is a thriller. Do you like his work?
Yes, it's a great movie. It's also a sequel to Odd Thomas. It's also a sequel to Odd Thomas.
Worth Dying For is written by Charlize Theron. It was released in 1984.
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
Pride and Prejudice is considered a dystopian novel.
Yes, it is a blockbuster film that was released in 1845 and is a dystopian novel.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Titanic stars Leonardo DiCaprio and is a Romance. Do you like Romance movies?
Titanic also stars Jennifer Lawrence. Do you want to know other films in that genre?
Divergent was adapted from a book by Veronica Roth. Would you like to view it?
You might like The Return of the King or The Gods of Mars.
Me too! She starred in The Proposal and Step Up. Have you seen either of those films?
Yes, she also starred in The Proposal.
The Proposal has genre Thriller
You're welcome
Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors and The Secret Adversary. Have you read any of them?
They Do it with Mirrors has genre Comedy.
Sure! White Fang, They Do it with Mirrors, and The Secret Adversary.
She starred in The Special Relationship and The Queen. Have you seen either of them?
Yes. That is a great movie. It also starred Denzel Washington as well.
Ralph Fiennes is a great actor, producer, screenwriter, producer and screenwriter. He has starred in several movies such as The Casual Vacancy, and The Good Doctor.
He directed, and produced Red Cliff. Have you seen it yet?
Red cliff is a crime drama. Do you like that genre?
You might also enjoy the movie X-Men Origins: Woo.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Madagascar has a genre of Science Fiction and Action. Do you like these genres?
Yes, Darnell directed Madagascar, it's a drama.
You're welcome!
Sure, he directed The Stand and The Great Gatsby. Have you seen those yet?
Yes, The Pilgrim film is more of a Sci-Fi/Action film. Do you like Sci-Fi?
Yes, he did. Shaun of the Dead is starring Nick Cassavetes.
Yes, enjoy the movie
Isn't he a basketball player from Oklahoma City?
Yes, he is a basketball player from Oklahoma City.
Yes, it is called "The Lakers" in the NFC North.
A Grief observed is a book written by C.S. Lewis and was released in 1961.
He also wrote Till We Have Faces, The magicians Nephew, and The Horse and His Boy.
You're very welcome.
I think he is a very good athlete.
I don't know much about tennis but I do know he is from the United States of America
That's interesting, did you know William H. Macy starred in the movie?
That's true! Would you like to know more about tennis, or something else?
He wrote Fast Food Nation , and starred in McLibel
Yes, Walt Whitman wrote and directed the movie. Did you know Walt Whitman starred in The Incredibles?
It is a children's literature and a children's literature.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure. He starred in The Skulls along with Paul Walker and also in The Fast and the Furious.
The Fast and the Furious is starring Vin Diesel and is a crime fiction.
Yes he is in both of them. He was also in The Fast and the Furious as well.
I unfortunately don't have that information but he was in The Fast and the Furious.
Sure! Peter Krause starred in The Truman Show, Beastly, and Civic Duty. Would you like to know more?
It's a Comedy. Peter Krause also starred in Roscoe Jenkins.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is an athlete that plays Cricket for the Delhi Daredevils. Do you like Cricket?
Fannie Flagg wrote A Redbird Christmas which is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
It was released in 2012 and is a romance novel
I don't know of any other psychological thrillers
You're welcome!
Yes, it's a great movie. It's a great animated movie. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is a great movie, have you seen Toy Story 3?
Yes, I can tell you that it is an animated movie starring Tom Hanks.
Sure. Do you like Memento because it's a thriller?
Okay, a couple good psychological thrillers that you might enjoy are Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore.
I'm not sure who stars in it, but it's a psychological thriller.
You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote The Valley of Horses and the Shelters of Stone. Have you read any of those?
You might also enjoy "The Clan of the Cave Bear" if you like historical fiction.
Yes, he did. It's the same year that The Clan of the Cave Bear.
You're welcome!
The Battle of the Labyrinth is a young adult novel written by Rick Riordan. It is a young adult novel released in 1972.
Sure! He wrote The Battle of the Labyrinth and The Titan's Curse.
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Son of Neptune which is an excellent fantasy book.
I don't know much about him. I do know he plays for the Germany national football team.
Did you know Mesut Ozil also played for the Germany national football team?
I don't but I know he plays midfielder.
yes i love Alex Morgan. who is your fav player?
yea shes a good one. do you like any other sports?
Oh yes, I love that movie!
She wrote Pretty Little Liar the genre is Teen Drama, do you like teen drama?
Yes, it is. It's a drama starring Abigail Breslin.
You're very welcome!
Yes, it was written by Orson Scott Card and released in 1982. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes that is a great movie. Have you seen it?
Under the Tuscan Sun is a Romantic Comedy starring Kate Walsh.
Yes, I can.
You're welcome!
The Grapes of Wrath is a novel written by John Steinbeck, who also wrote The Titan's Curse.
It is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
The Secret River is a novel that was released in 1999 and is the first of the Chronicles of Narnia series.
I know she is a musician, poet, author and athlete.
Yes, that's the name of the team he plays for. Leonardo DiCaprio starred in that movie, have you seen it?
No, but, I'm a huge football fan, if I'm not sure.
I don't have any information on what countries they play in London.
I don't really know much about them. I'm more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan. How about you?
He wrote Der Zauberberg and Buddenbrooks: Verfall einer Familie.
Yes, Brandon Sanderson wrote Radiance and Warbreaker.
Yes, he did and also wrote The Hero of Radiance.
Yes, NARUTO was released in 2014
You're welcome
It's an excellent thriller starring Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Sure, he also starred in X-Men: First Class, X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: First Class. Have you seen any of those ?
Great! I can also recommend X-Men: The Last Stand if you haven't seen it already.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a great movie he directed.
Sure. Bryan Singer starred in X-Men 2 and also in The Usual Suspects.
Yes, it is a Superhero thriller starring Hugh Jackman.
I don't really like super hero thrillers, do you?
You're welcome!
Yes, that was a great movie. It was directed by Roland Emmerich. Do you like his work?
Yes, a couple of my favorites are The Usual Suspects and The Player. Have you seen any of those?
I'll add them to your list. Please enjoy!
Glad to help out!
Sure Terry Gilliam wrote The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus which is a Fantasy. Do you like Fantasy?
The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus was released in 1999 and starred by Sigourney Weaver
You are welcome
You're welcome
Sure. The Lucky One is a romance novel and a similar romance novel. Is that what interests you?
Have you read The Notebook by Nicholas Sparks?
The Wedding was released in 2002 and is a Romance novel.
Yes, Zanes Grey is a romance novel based on Zanes.
You're welcome.
The Wolf of Wall Street stars Leonardo DiCaprio and is a crime movie. Do you like that genre?
Mastering the Art of the Art of the Frost and American Masters is written by Leonardo DiCaprio and was released in 1999.
Enjoy!
Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
Then you might like The Clan of the Cave Bear. It's a Historical novel.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Callum Rennie starred in Fifty Shades of Grey and X-Men: First Class.
X-Men: First Class, X-Men: First Class, X-Men: Apocalypse. Do you know this?
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. He also wrote Lolita and Pale Fire.
It was written by Ann Patchett, and it was released in 1969.
You might also enjoy the book In the State of the Union.
Gillian Flynn wrote Dark Places. Would you like the recommendation for other mysteries in that genre?
The Scar is a mystery book released in 2003 released in English and it is a mystery book
The Theory of Everything was directed by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Do you like his work?
He also directed The Theory of Everything. Have you seen it?
The King and Man on Wire is a drama/mystery movie released in 1999. It is a great movie.
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Would you like to purchase it?
He was in Angels & Demons which is a great movie.
Ronny Cox starred in The Car and The Beast Within You.
You're welcome
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories ?
Yes, it is a horror novel, similar to Vanishing Acts is The Secret History of Dracula.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
Brave is a family movie. Another family movie is The Kids Are Not So Smart. Have you seen that one yet?
He also wrote Brave, which is a drama.
You're welcome.
He is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Real Madrid.
I don't know much about Rio de Janeiro.
Yes she plays with Luis a great player
Yes, he is a great teacher. Have you read any of his work?
Yes. He also wrote Zodiac, a great crime story.
It's a drama. It also stars Sofia Coppola and Robert Duvall.
Certainly!
I think he plays for the Mumbai Indians.
I don't know much about it, either. I heard Harbhajan Singh is an athlete.
I don't think that is their home venue. Is it indoors?
She wrote If You Give a Pig a Pancake and If You Give a Pig a Pancake.
Yes. It was released in 1985 in the English language. I am not sure of the name.
I don't have that information but I do know it was released in 1985.
You're welcome.
Yes, Simon Elkeles wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction.
Yes, they have a similar book in English.
Perfect Chemistry is written in English and has a genre Speculative fiction.
Harold Ramis is in Stripes. Would you like to hear about other movies he stars in?
Harold Ramis wrote, directed, and produced it. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, Groundhog Day is a comedy movie
Yes, it was written by Walter Isaacson. It's a speculative fiction.
Sure. Similar books in that genre include The Notebook and The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you read those?
Sure! She also wrote A Walk to Remember which is a great book that you might enjoy.
Hello, yes I do. She wrote The Night Circus, have you heard of it?
The Last Song is written by Nicholas Sparks and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, Nicholas Sparks also wrote True Believer. It is a crime novel.
Nicholas Evans also wrote True Believer. It's a thriller. Would you like to read it?
It is a Crime Fiction.
No problem!
I don't know much about the cowboys. Are they part of the National Football League?
I don't really know much about the Cowboys. Are they part of the National Football League?
Yeah they're very good.
Yes, he's an author, an actor and an athlete. He was in Jumbo.
Yes, he was in that movie as well.
I would highly recommend The Prestige if you are more into horror films.
Sure, Go Set A Watchman and Silent In The Grave are similar.
Yes Harper Lee wrote Go Set a Watchman.
You are welcome.
I think she is a great athlete, did you know she was born in Hisar (Indian district)?
I don't know much about Zlatan Ibrahimovi other than he plays.
Yes, I know it is a tennis player, and a forward.
I really don't really know much about him other than he is a singer. Do you like him?
Yes. Bahati Prinsloo is a famous singer.
Absolutely! Other labels include Records, Tobey Maguire, and Tobey Maguire.
Xander Berkeley starred in Kick Ass.
It is a crime fiction.
It was released in 2003 and directed by David Ayer.
Nicolas Cage also starred in a thriller called Lord of War.
The Sorcer's Apprentice is an action and adventure film.
He directed and starred in Lord of War as well.
You're welcome
I don't know a lot about him. I think he is a songwriter too. Do you like him?
Yes, I like Zakira Hussain. She is a great songwriter.
I think he was born in Zakira. He is also a musician.
Sure, it was directed by Spike Jonze. Do you like Spike Jonze?
The Manchurian Candidate also has Jodie Foster. Have you seen it?
Its a great movie, released in 1999 and directed by Roland Emmerich.
Its a good one. Enjoy!
Yes, it's one of my favorite Gangs of New York movies.
Yes, Liam Neeson also starred in The Big Lebowski which is a Thriller.
Sure. Schindler's List is a drama. It also stars Thomas Lennon. I highly recommend it.
You're welcome
Sure, The Great Gatsby is a novel written by J.R.R.R. Tolkien.
I don't have any other information on any other books by that author but I can tell you that The New York Trilogy is a movie.
Then you'll really like Gone Girl. It was written by J.K. Rowling
You're welcome.
Sure thing! The Adventures of Tom Sawyer was written by Mark Twain. It's a children's literature and also a children's literature.
Sure! He wrote La sombra del viento, El otoo del patriarca. Have you read any of those ?
I don't have any information on that. However, La sombra del viento was released in 2000.
Awesome! I hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome!
I know she is an actress who has been around for a long time. She is an excellent actress!
It was released in 1986.
The Muppets is a comedy-drama film.
The Muppets is a real name
I don't really know much about them. Are they part of the National Football League?
I think he is the current quarterback for the Baltimore Ravens.
Can I help you with anything else?
Do you like Spirit Bound because it's a paranormal romance, or because it's urban fantasy?
Yes, another Young-Adult Fiction book written by Richelle Mead is The Universe in a Nutshell.
The Fault in Our Stars is a young-adult fiction novel starring Matt Damon and Josh Brolin.
Yes, you might like The Sword in the Stone, which is also in the Young-Adult Fiction genre.
Yes, it was written by Lois Lowry.
Lois also wrote; Gathering Blue, Anastasia Krupnik, and The Giver. Would you like to read it?
The Giver is a dystopian novel. Do you like dystopian fiction?
Sure, Christopher Bigsby wrote The Crucible and All My Sons have you seen those?
He also wrote The Crucible. Have you read that?
Sure! Do you like Romantic Fantasy films?
He wrote Assault on Precinct 13, have you seen it?
It also starred Alexis Dziena and Ben Stiller.
Of course! Anything else?
Yes, it was written by Quentin Tarantino and stars Samuel L. Jackson.
Sure! It was released in 1994 and is a drama/mystery film. It was directed by Roger Avary and also stars Tom Hardy.
He has also starred in The Mists of Avalon and The Godfather.
It came out in 1999. It's considered a Horror film.
I liked her in A View to Kill and A prayer for the Dying. Have you read them?
She also starred in The Hunger Games. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
I do. Did you know she starred in The Muppets?
Oh, I love all of her music!
I'm not really sure about her as an actor. But, I'm familiar with her music.
Sure, she wrote The Thorn Birds and The First Man in Rome. Have you read them?
The Thorn Birds was released in Rome in Rome in 2012 and is a Drama/Comedy.
I don't have any information on any other dramas, but I can give you some recommendations for you.
Alison Doody has starred in A View to Kill and A prayer for the Dying. Have you seen those?
The Last Crusade was released in 1994
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade also starred Matt O'Brien
Enjoy!
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets was written by J.K. Rowling. She also wrote The Casual Vacancy.
Have you read Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets or The Prisoner of Azkaban?
You're welcome.
Sure, she wrote Rebecca, My Cousin Rachel, and Jamaica Inn.
Rebecca was released in 1937.
No. I don't have that information.
Yes, he wrote The muse which was a classic!
Yes, The Muse is a great movie starring Kate Winslet. Have you seen it?
Yes! It is a great movie starring Joe Pesci.
You're welcome!
I loved watching it together with Steve Carell. Do you like him?
Yes, he did. Steve Carell also starred in The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen that?
You are welcome.
Wilson Rawls wrote Into the Wild and Into the Wild. Have you read them?
Susan Meissner wrote a book called Blood Work. It is a fantasy. Do you enjoy fantasy books?
You are welcome.
You are welcome!
The Terminator is a sci-fi movie. Would you like similar sci-fi recommendations?
Yes, Will Smith also starred with Jeff Goldblum. He also starred in The Pursuit of Happiness.
You're welcome.
I don't really follow them. I know they are owned by Virginia Halas McCaskey.
I don't know much about the Patriots. Are the Patriots your favorite team?
That's a great idea!
I think he is a great artist. Did you know he wrote The Yellow Submarine?
He has a great voice. I really like all of his music. Did you know he was also a musician?
Ant Man has a great cast. You might like The Time Traveler's Wife or The Avengers.
Be Cool is a comedy movie starring Kevin Spacey, who also starred in The Time Traveler's Wife and Ant-Man.
You may like The Manchurian Candidate if you like The Postman.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Pearl Harbor was released in 2002 and was written by James Patterson. It's a great read.
I do not have that information but I can tell you that Pearl Harbor is a Speculative fiction movie.
Are you referring to the movie Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets written by Chris Columbus?
There is a sequel
That one was written by J.K. Rowling. She also wrote the entire Harry Potter series.
You are welcome and enjoy the movie!
I think he is a really good basketball player. How about you?
Oh, I don't follow basketball, but I heard he's a good player.
Yes, it stars Steve Ditko and Steve Ditko. It's a great movie.
I haven't seen it yet. Is it a comedy?
Yes, she wrote The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
The Immortal Life has genre Science and Psychological Thriller.
Your welcome.
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football franchise based in Denver Broncos
The Packer is a football team.
I like Basketball and Football. What about you?
Sure! Robert Duvall starred in The Godfather and The Apostle. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, it's a great movie. It stars Patton Oswalt as Remy, Billy Bob Thornton and Charlie Korsmo.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is in the business community. Did you know he participated in the movie Friends with Benefits?
Yes he did. He was also a model and a musician.
I don't know, but I do know he was in Friends with Benefits as well.
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like sci-fi movies?
He also wrote The Tuxedo and The Dead Zone. Both are great Sci-fi movies.
The Adjustment Bureau stars Steve Buscemi and Ben Stiller. It is a great movie.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I think he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
Yes, he is a good athlete. I like the New England Patriots.
I haven't seen that one yet. Isn't he in any movies?
Yes, I have heard of this book. Isn't it a paranormal romance, urban fantasy, young adult fiction?
Yes, it is young adult fiction
She also wrote The Mists of Avalon which is in the Suspense genre
You're welcome
Divergent is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
The genre for The Hunger Games is Science Fiction.
Do you like The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus?
Yes, he did. The Very Hungry Caterpillar is another great children's book.
Another great children's book is The Girl with a Dragon Tattoo. That is a great book.
Yes. The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner is a great book from the same genre.
Yes. The Notebook and The Time Traveler's Wife are also great for you.
You are welcome.
Bruce Greenwood starred in The Republic of Love. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure who else starred in The Republic of Love.
You're welcome!
Are you referring to the football player for the Green Bay Packers?
I don't have any information, but I do know that the team is coached by Mike McCarthy
Mike McCarthy also plays for the Green Bay Packers.
Yes, she wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read them?
I don't have any more information on that. However, I can tell you that Elizabeth Kostova also wrote a book called The Swan Thieves.
I don't have any information on that author but I can tell you she was influenced by Vladimir Nabokov and Vladimir Nabokov.
You are welcome.
That's a great book. You might also like Little Lord Fauntleroy. Have you read that?
Yes, they are both children's literature like Winnie-the-Pooh.
Yes it is!
You are welcome, enjoy!
I don't really know much about him other than he's a basketball player.
I don't know much about him. But I do know he was in the 2004 NBA Finals.
I don't know much about the Greek Freak.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by Steve Kloves. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, he did Wonder Boys was released in 2014 and is a Fantasy genre.
Yes, Linkin Park is a member of the band Ugly Love.
The Road is a post-apocalyptic fiction. Is that what you are looking for?
Sure, another science fiction book is The Gods Themselves. Have you read that one?
The Way Station was written by John Scalzi and is a science fiction book.
He normally does speculative fiction.
Yes he does, he also wrote Science fiction as well.
You're welcome.
Sure, The Terminal is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
He also starred in That Thing You Do!
Yes, it is a Romantic Comedy starring Tom Hanks.
You're welcome!
She wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read them?
She also created her on Saturday Night Live. Do you like Saturday Night Live?
Yes, I do like Saturday Night Live. Do you know of any other satire shows?
Yes, it is a satire show. If you'd like to watch it, you should watch it.
Yes, it is a satire show. Would you like to watch it?
Yes, she is a football player who plays the forward position.
I know he was from the United States of America.
Yeah, she was born in Los Angeles and has played in the summer Olympics.
I love her song Your Love is My Drug. Are you a fan of hers?
I don't know much about her though.
That's right. I think he is a pretty good singer. I like Yellow Submarine.
Sure, Beatrice Sparks wrote Go Ask Alice, have you read it?
Yes, that's correct. It was released in 1997.
I'm not sure about that but I do know it was written by Beatrice Sparks and released in 1997.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Ray Bradbury wrote The Martian Chronicles and The Illustrated Man. Have you heard of these?
Yes, it's speculative fiction. Another good one is The Martian Chronicles.
Yes, they are! Wintersmith is written by Terry Pratchett.
You're welcome!
Enjoy!
Yes he wrote Freakonomics.
I am not sure who starred in Freakonomics. Would you like to know more about Seth Gordon?
Yes, he plays for the Portugal national football team.
Yes, he was born in Rio de Janeiro as well.
Yes, Victoria is a talented actress.
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Sure! Arnold Schwarzenegger wrote Total Recall. Would you like to know more about that?
Great choice, Roland Emmerich and Ray Winstone are playing with him.
Ella Enchanted is a children's literature book and a drama.
It is written by Gail Carson Lemmons
There is information about Ella Enchanted.
You are welcome
Irwin kershner starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back and The Last Temptations.
The Return of a Man Called Horse is a great book written by J.K. Rowling.
William Lucking starred in The Return of a Man Called Horse along with Tom Hanks.
He wrote Madame Bovary, which is very well known.
It was released in 1856.
Zoe's Tale was released in 2005.
Zoe's Tale is a speculative fiction book.
Yes, it was written by Kurt Wimmer and stars Michael Fassbender. Do you like his work?
Yes he was
No, I haven't. What genre is it?
Heart of Darkness is written by Joseph Conrad and is a Fiction Novella.
The Portable Atheist is a Memoir and The Secret Agent is a Memoir.
Yes, it's in the English language.
Some of J.M. Barrie wrote Peter pan.
It was released in 1904 and is an adult novel.
Yes, J.M. Barrie co-wrote this book.
I believe it was written in the English language.
You're welcome!
Yes, she wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants series. Have you heard of these books?
It's a romance novel that was released in 1847.
Done!
Sure, one of my favorites is David Copperfield. Have you read that one?
Charles Dickens also wrote Oliver Twist, The Old Curiosity Shop, and Oliver Twist.
You're welcome! Anything else I can help with?
Blood Promise is a young adult novel written by Richelle Mead. It is part of a series of dark fantasy books.
Yes, it is written by Richelle Mead.
I believe it is a young adult fiction.
Lord of the Flies is also a good one.
Sure, he is a tennis player from Switzerland and played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
Yes, I am a huge fan of tennis. Do you like Serena?
That's amazing! Do you have any other interests?
Yes, he is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Do you like basketball?
That's right. I think he plays for the Pistons.
Yes, I believe he is 2 of the tallest in the world.
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
Sure, The Chronicles of Narnia series is a similar book.
you are welcome
I do! It was directed by Tate Taylor-I Spy. Have you seen the movie?
Yes she did. She also starred in The Help and the People I've Got Mail.
He has been in quite a few films such as The Help, Midnight, and I Am Number Four.
Joseph Kosinski wrote and directed The Ninth Configuration.
Yes, he did it is a great musical.. State Fair is a drama.
Yes, he did! He was a great player in NYC!
You're welcome!
Pat Conroy wrote The Prince of Tides which is similar to Pat Conroy.
Yes. The Great Gatsby is written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Are you a Pat Conroy fan?
Her most famous book is ''Turtles all the Way Down''.
It's a children's literature.
Your welcome.
Yes, she starred in Aliens
He also starred in The Brothers Grimm which is a horror film.
Sure, Robert De Niro, and Kevin Corrigan also starred in Weird Science.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to know other books by her?
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. what else can i do for you?
You are welcome
Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction.
She also wrote In Her Shoes, a romance novel and also a film called Wild Cards.
Your welcome enjoy!
Paul Verhoeven starred in RoboCop. Have you seen it?
He also wrote RoboCop. Have you seen it?
Total Recall is a science fiction film released in 1990.
You're welcome.
Snow White and the Huntsman was written by John Lee Hancock. Would you like to know more about the movie?
I don't know a lot about Snow White and the Huntsman. Do you want to know other movies starring Kristen Stewart?
I don't know much about Undertow, but Snow White and the Huntsman is a fantasy film.
Anna Kendrick also starred in that movie as well.
Yes it is and you should check it out.
Have you seen the other Hobbit movies?
Have you seen the other Harry Potter movies?
The Golden Compass was written by Philip Pullman and is a fantasy novel.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Yes, Collateral directed by Tom Cruise, do you like Tom Cruise?
Yes, he did! That movie stars Johnny Depp. Are you a fan of Johnny Depp?
Yes, if you enjoy Public Enemies, you might also enjoy The Proposal or The Matrix Revolutions.
You're welcome!
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like sci-fi movies?
I don't have that information, but it is written by Ronald Shusett.
I don't have any information on other actors in the movie, but Sean Harris was in the movie.
You are welcome.
Yes, it is a Major League Baseball team owned by Bill Neukom and part of the National League East.
I am not familiar with their home venue, the Giants play at MetLife Stadium. Did you see it?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. They're my favorite team!
Denzel Washington and Denzel Washington star in Equalizer.
Sure, she is starring in The Immortal Life of Henrietta, and The Pillars of Creation.
I'm sorry I don't have that information.
You're welcome.
He is a table tennis player from China. Do you watch any table tennis?
Yes, he is from China. Do you like table tennis?
Yes it does. He also starred in The Zhang Ziyi.
He wrote Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, and The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
He also wrote Tom Sawyer, the Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, and The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
Mark Twain also wrote Tom's Treasure Hunt and The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
Sure! He wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, which is a children's book. He also wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, which is a great book.
You're welcome
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to know other books in that genre?
Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
Persuasion is a Romance novel.
The Hunt for Red October is written by Tom Clancy. Would you like to know more about this book?
The genre for Red October is a Romance novel.
You're welcome!
Ben Stiller starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Resident Evil: Apocalypse
Yes, he was hilarious in Zoolander. Ben Stiller was in it too.
Yes, they both starred in that movie.
I hope you enjoy it!
I like her song Almost Every Day. What is your favorite?
That is a good one. I think Britney Spears is one of the most talented artists of our time.
That is a great movie! Would you like me to watch it or know if it's more action?
The Terminal is a drama starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
It is a book written by Lisa Garner and released in 2012. Do you want me to look it up?
Yes, Steven Spielberg wrote and starred in Larry Crowne too.
You're welcome.
Sure, he directed the Action/Adventure film Tom Horn. Have you heard of it?
I don't have that information but I can tell you The Great Escape was released in 2002.
The Towering Inferno was written by Roger Rees, who also wrote The Last Airbender.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Heart of Darkness is written by Joseph Conrad. Do you like the author or genre?
The author is J.K. Rowling.
The Very Hungry Caterpillar is similar to Heart of Darkness
That is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Wizard of Oz was released in 1900.
It was written by Woody Harrelson
Yes, it was in the Adventure Genre
Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory O.k is a great movie.
Yes, I know he plays for the Argentina national football team. Do you like him?
I'm a huge soccer fan. It sounds like a good one!
He is! He's such a great player. He won BBC Young Sports Personality of the Year.
Yes, he is
Yes, he has produced the movie Larry Crowne.
Yes, I can. Anything else?
He directed the romance film, The Perks of Being a Wallflower. Have you seen it?
The Perks of Being a Walflower stars Tom Hardy and Tim Robbins.
Yes she was.
Yes, he also directed The Perks of Being a Wallflower.
No problem.
Yes, it stars Brad Pitt and it's a great movie
He starred in Vanilla Sky and The Last Samurai.
Andres Iniesta is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Barcelona and the Spain national team.
I don't know much about them. Are they part of the National League East?
Yes they are goof team.
Yes they did. The Tampa Bay Buccaneers were the runner up in the 2010 World Series.
It does. The San Francisco Giants play in the San Francisco Bay Buccaneers.
The Devil Wears Prada stars Meryl Streep and Anne Hathaway. Do you like romance films?
Aline Brosh McKenna wrote, directed, and starred in The Devil Wears Prada.
Enjoy!
Sure, he has starred in such films as Treasure Planet and The Phantom. Have you seen those?
Yes, Martin Short starred in it as well. He also starred in Catwoman.
I do not have any idea who starred in that movie. But The Legend of Zorro is a crime movie.
Sure, a couple of my favorites are The Hunt for Red October and The Return of the King.
It's a biographical film.
Not at this time, but I can tell you that he directed a thriller called Shark Night. That's a thriller.
You're welcome
She wrote The Good Earth which is a fiction book. Have you read it?
Yes, it is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, they are both romance films.
You are welcome.
They're a basketball team in the Western Conference.
I'm more of a football fan. Are you a sports fan?
I've also watched the Titans before, they made it to the finals
He directed Little Miss Sunshine starring Paul Dano.
He also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
Yes, it stars Holly Hunter and Cassandra Clare.
Alan Arkin also starred in X-Men: First Class.
Yes, she is a tennis player. She lost to Serena Williams and Roger Federer.
I am not sure but I can tell you she is currently ranked as one of the highest in the world.
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy them.
He was a Journalist and wrote a Biography. Do you like Biography?
Sure! Ralph Steadman wrote The Matrix Revolutions and The Civil War. Have you read any of these?
Absolutely, he also wrote Spider Man and The Man in the Iron Mask.
You're welcome.
Yes, a great book! It was written by Gail Carson Levine and is a Speculative fiction.
Yes, she has also written The Two Princesses of Bamarre and Ella Enchanted.
Yes it is a fantasy novel as well as Speculative Fiction
I'm sorry I don't have that information at this time but I can tell you it is also in the Fantasy genre.
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football franchise based in Denver Broncos. They're my favorite team in the American Football Conference.
I don't know if he has a potter but I think he is a former coach.
Yes, he was drafted to the Denver Broncos.
I don't know much about him. Is he a football player?
He plays for the Argentina national football team, as a midfielder.
Yes, they have very good players on that team.
Sure, you can try The Long Haul and The Long Haul
It is a romantic comedy and it was released in 1995.
You are welcome. enjoy!
Apocalypto is written by Francis Ford Coppola and released in 1990. It is a great book.
I don't have any information on other films he has directed, but Apocalypto is a Romance film written by H.G. Wells. Have you seen it?
Sure! The Passion of the Christ is a Crime movie released in 1999 and also stars Tika Sumpter and Joseph Gordon-Levitt.
You're welcome!
Divergent is from the Utopian and Dystopian fiction genre. Do you like that genre?
Divergent was written by Veronica Roth. She also wrote Insurgent and The Transfer!
You're welcome
Yes, Allegiant was written by Veronica Roth
Sure. PS, I Love You was written by Sylvester Stallone. It's a great romance novel.
Yes. She also wrote Where Rainbows End.
It is a romance novel.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is a great movie. Would you like to know more about it?
Cool. The Golden Compass stars Sam Elliott who is a great actor.
Philip Pullman wrote the movie. The movie starred Ian McKellen.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
He starred in Cutthroat Island and The Long Kiss Goodnight. Have you seen either of these?
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Long Kiss Goodnight.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Tom Everett starred in it.
You are welcome.
I don't really know much about her music. Is she a singer?
I don't have any favorite singer, but I heard she has some good songs like Shakira and Usher
Didn't Ricky Martin also star in the movie Scream 4?
It was written by Jojo Moyes. Do you like Jojo Moyes?
Me Before You was written by Quentin Tarantino and also has genre Speculative fiction.
I am not sure about that, but I do know it was written by Jean M. Auel.
I don't know much about her other than that she's a Danish tennis player. Do you like her?
I am not familiar with her other than that I know.
Yes, they are very talented.
I think Mike Woodson is their coach. Are you a fan of them?
Oh wow, he is a good player too!
Oh yea that is funny too! Who is your favorite actor?
Yes, he is a football player from Wales that plays for the Wales National football team.
Not really, I like Manchester United F.C. and the Manchester United F.C. team.
It is a great movie. Enjoy!
Pat Conroy wrote The Prince of Tides, The Prince of Tides and The Lords of Discipline.
I dont have that information but it was released in 1969
He also wrote The Water for Elephants which was released in 1969
Your welcome
The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. He also wrote The Titan's Curse and The Son of Neptune.
Yes, it was written by Rick Riordan. He also wrote The Son of Neptune.
Yes, The Battle of the Labyrinth is a horror novel.
You're welcome!
Yes, it's a great book written by Sergio Leone.
Sure! It was written by Sergio Leone who also wrote The Good, The Bad and the Ugly. It's an excellent choice.
Absolutely! Once Upon a Time in the West is a 1962 American action film directed by Sergio Leone who also directed a series called Once Upon a Time in the West.
It was written by Cassandra Clare and starring Sofia Coppola and Cas Anvar.
If you like drama, you might also enjoy A Good Day to Die Hard.
The Manchurian Candidate is a 1962 American suspense thriller film released in 1999. The Manchurian Candidate was directed by Paul Kalanithi.
Yes, The Manchurian Candidate was written by Richard Condon and directed by David Fincher.
That is a Zombie Film starring Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like Zombie movies?
Yes, he is a composer/DJ. Some of his work is Where Have You Been and It's a Wonderful Life.
Yes, he is a DJ.
I don't know much about him. But I do know he is a scottish athlete.
I like tennis as well and I also like college football. Do you have any favorite sport?
I don't know much about tennis but I do know the she is from Belarus.
Sure. She wrote The Journals of Sylvia Day. Have you read it?
Sylvia Day wrote Seven Years to Sin.
You're welcome
You seem to like Rob Riggle. He starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Hangover.
I don't really know anything about her. Is she a singer?
Did you know the song was released in 2015?
Sia is a great singer. I like her song Whenever, Wherever. How about you?
I haven't heard much of Lyricist's music. Did you know he is from the United States?
Isn't he the guy who is the captain for the Bangalore team?
What sport do you follow?
Yes, she starred in that movie as well.
Sure! Bob Peck starred in Jurassic Park, Jurassic Park, and Jurassic Park. Have you seen any of those?
Yes! Bill Paxton also starred in Fair Game which is a thriller.
Yes, that was a great movie. Do you like Fantasy movies?
1989 was the year that released You Are Special: A Story for Everyone.
Sure! The Hobbit is written by Nicholas Sparks who also wrote The Spirit. Have you read it?
I recommend The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smog, The Great Gatsby or The Golden Compass.
The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones stars Matt Damon and has a genre fantasy. Do you like fantasy movies?
Yes! Kevin Zegers also starred in Zoom.
You're welcome
Can You Keep a Secret was written by Sophie Kinsella and was released in 2003. Would you like to know other books by her?
She also wrote Wedding Night and Twenties Girl
She also wrote At the Water's Edge and The Undomestic Goddess.
It's a good one. Enjoy!
You're welcome.
Isn't he a cricket player from India?
Not really, but I'm more of a baseball fan.
I'm more of a baseball fan. But, I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan.
Sure, Gillian Flynn wrote Sharp Objects. Do you like it because it's a suspense?
She also wrote the Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which is a Mystery/Suspense book.
What Do You Do was released in 2014. Definitely a good read.
Dominic Copper starred in Warcraft and The History Boys. Have you seen them?
Yes, it's a musical.
Kevin Corrigan also starred in Warcraft.
You're welcome
Anne-Marie is a singer. Isn't she a singer?
I think the Chicago Cubs are one of the best teams in the MLB.
That's a great idea. I think the San Francisco Giants are one of the best teams in my opinion.
I haven't but I heard it's great. The San Francisco Giants are doing well this time.
I don't know much about Aaron Rodgers.
It came out in 1999.
He wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Small Steps. Have you read them?
I dont have that information but Wayside School novels are very popular. Would you like to know more about them?
I don't have that information but Wayside School is Falling Down has genre fiction.
Yes Phil Mickelson is definitely a top golfer! He won the 2010 PGA Championship.
Yes he does. He also starred in Men in Black 3, have you seen it?
That's a great drama! He also starred in Tin Cup.
We bought a Zoo is a great movie!
He wrote The War of the Worlds, The Time Machine, and The Island of Dr. Moreau.
The Time Machine came out in 1990 and it's a classic!
Yes, I have it is a great movie starring Bill Murray. Does it sound like a movie you would like?
You're welcome!
I'm not sure who stars in it, but the movie A Space Odyssey is a great movie.
I don't know much about him other than he plays basketball. Do you watch basketball?
Yeah, that's right. I think he is a great shooting guard.
I'm a Pats fan. I think the Pats are doing well in the NFL.
The Yankees play in the American League East and are owned by George Steinbrenner.
The Yankees play in the American League East and are owned by George Steinbrenner. The Yankees play in the American League East and have played in the American League East.
Yes, the Yankees play in the American League East and have played in the World Series since 2003.
Psycho is a Psychological thriller that was released in 2010.
i do not have any information about that.
I don't have that information, but he did write Wicked starring Janet Leigh.
They are one of the best football teams in the world right now.
Yes. The Buccaneers are a professional American football franchise based in Tampa Bay.
Yes, he also ownes the Buccaneers.
Rocky is written by Sylvester Stallone. Would you like to hear more about the movie?
Sure, Sylvester Stallone wrote The Expendables and The House of Mirth. Have you seen either?
No I haven't seen it yet, but I am glad you reminded me of it.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Michael Crichton is not only an author but a film producer and director as well.
The Great Train Robbery is a teen drama. It's also considered a teen drama.
You're welcome!
I am not sure of his latest movie, but I can tell you that he wrote The Good Doctor. Have you seen that?
I don't have that information, but it is directed by Veronica Roth
He also starred in The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen and it's a Romance novel.
Yes, it is a romance novel.
I don't have any examples of Gothic fiction. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The Time Machine and The Invisible Man is written by H.G. Wells and released in 1897.
He directed Jurassic Park III. Have you seen it?
Jurrasic World is an adventure film.
You might like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee.
You're welcome.
He starred in Things Behind the Sun and The Waterdance. Have you seen them?
That is a great movie! It also stars Patsy Kensit and Rosanna Arquette.
Yes, it's a drama and a drama.
I haven't seen that one yet. Is it a classic?
I don't know much about them. I do know they are owned by M. Night Shyamalan.
I dont have a lot of information on Rowdy's number but he has coached the Dallas Cowboys.
The Dallas Cowboys are 3rd in the NFC South.
Irwin kershner directed The Maze Runner. Have you seen it yet?
Star Wars: Episode V - The Strikes Back was directed by Ivan Reitman and stars like Harrison Ford. Would you like more information about the movie?
I'm not sure if Sean Connery starred in it but I highly recommend it.
Gillian Flynn. She wrote Dark Places.
Gillian Flynn also wrote Dark Places and Dark Places.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on any other authors similar to Gillian Flynn.
Yes, China Mieville is a great writer.
Yes, I like science fiction. I also like the movie X-Men.
Great, enjoy!
Isn't he a cricket player from India?
I don't know much about him other than he plays cricket. Do you follow him?
I think he's also an athlete on the India national cricket team.
I haven't seen it, but I've heard it's a great sport to watch. I've always been to the Olympics.
I'm a big football fan. The Patriots of America is my favorite team!
You too!
I don't know too much about them except they are owned by Leslie Alexander. Are they part of the National Basketball Association?
Looper is a drama and a drama. It was released in 2012. Do you want to know more about it?
Do you like Warlock because it's a thriller?
Yes, it's a zombie movie.
You might also check out the Watchmen if you haven't seen it.
Yes, The Great Gatsby is a novel and The Voyage of the Dawn Treader.
He also wrote Tender is the Night, The Beautiful Creatures that you may enjoy.
She wrote Im Westen nichts Neues and Drei Kameraden. Are you into foreign books?
I'm not sure of when they came out. It's in the English language.
Yes, the original language is English.
You're welcome!
I don't know much other than that she is a Danish tennis player. Are you a fan of hers?
She played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
Yes, the sisters play tennis in a relationship with Rory McIIroy. They have a sister named Serena too.
Yes, I love it. It's one of my favorites!
I agree, I love the fashion fashion.
Yes, it is a classic movie. Do you like dramas?
In Cat on a Hot Tin Roof is starring in this movie
I don't have that information
No problem
Sure! Do you like books by Tana French? She also wrote The Likeness.
In the Woods is a novel in the mystery genre. Would you like to know other novels in that genre?
You're welcome.
He was born in J.K. Simmons and plays for the Mumbai Indians.
He has recently starred in the movie The Messenger which is a drama. Have you seen it?
Yes, David Ayer starred in Harsh Times . It's a thriller starring David Ayer.
Sure, he has starred in Harsh Times, The Prestige, The Dark Knight, and many others.
No problem!
The Minnesota Vikings are in the AFC North division with the New England Patriots.
The Vikings are 2nd in the NFC North. The Vikings are 2nd in the NFC North.
I like the New England Patriots, but I don't follow the NFC North.
Andrew Garfield wrote The Amazing Spider Man and The Incredible Hulk. Have you seen those?
Yes, Justin Timberlake starred in The Social Network
The Social Network would be considered a Biographical film.
It was released in 2004 and directed by Woody Allen.
2010 is the year it stars Steve Buscemi and Rashida Jones.
2010 and the star cast includes Josh Brolin, Leslie Bibb, and Jeff Garfield.
You're welcome!
Sure, Ang Lee starred in Hollywood Chinese and she directed The Ice Storm.
Yes, I know Tobey Maguire starred in The Assassination of Jesse James.
He also wrote The Ice Storm which is a romance film.
Brisingr is a young-adult fiction book written by Christopher Paolini and released in 2014.
Yes, it is a Young-adult fiction novel. Would you like to know more about this book?
You're welcome!
Sure! It was written by Sarah J. Maas who also wrote The Assassin and the Desert.
I'm not certain of the release date. But, Sarah J. Maas also wrote The Assassin's Blade.
Enjoy!
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote the book Persuasion.
That's the only book I know by her. Would you like to see her work?
I have, if you like Jane Austen, you might like Mansfield Park. She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
I believe she plays Badminton in the India national football team. I think it's a very good sport.
I don't have any information on any other players. Can I help you with anything else?
I believe the Commonwealth Games were played in the India national football team.
It's a self help book. Do you like self help books?
He directed Seven Psychopaths? Do you like dark comedies?
Yes, he wrote The Ocean's Eleven. Have you heard of it?
Yes, he wrote a book called The Ocean's Eleven. Have you read it?
He's a great actor! He has starred in such films as X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse. Have you seen either of those?
Have you seen A Good Day to Die Hard or The Secret Life of Bees?
We Bought A Zoo stars Natalie Portman and Jake Gyllenhaal.
I sure will!
The Homer wrote The Simpsons and also the Macbeth. Have you read them?
The Iliad and the Odyssey is more of a Gothic fiction genre.
Yes, it's a good book.
I don't know much about them. I'm a NY Giants fan.
That's true. Did you know the Giants were in the 2012 World Series?
Yes, the quarter backs are 4th in the AFC North. They have a good record.
Sure! The Proposal is written by Sandra Bullock and stars Sandra Bullock.
She stars in X-Men: First Class, X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: Apocalypse. Do you like any of these actors?
Sure Oceans, The Blind Side and Gravity are a great movie starring Matt Damon
Sure, have you read The Sum of All Fears or The Hunt for Red October?
Dead in 2009 is the year that released The Sum of All Fears
Yes it is! It was also written by him.
The Madison Square Garden is a basketball team owned by the Madison Square Garden Company.
The owner is Mike Woodson
Yes,I think it's a part of the NFC South
You're welcome
It was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Ralph Fiennes and Colin Farrell. It was directed by Martin McDonagh
Sure! Colin Farrell starred in Minority Report and in Women in Love as well as in Bruges.
Sure! I also recommend Seven Psychopaths, which is a psychological thriller.
You're very welcome!
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football franchise based in Denver Broncos.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that John Fox coached the Denver Broncos. Are you a football fan?
Yes, it is a great movie starring Vin Diesel and Michelle Rodriguez. Do you like them?
Yes, that is a good one. I also like Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Michael Irby was also in Terminator 2: Judgement Day. Have you seen that one?
No problem.
Have you seen the whole series? Do you like Sci-Fi?
Yes, the movie is based on the book.
Is there anything else I can help with?
You're welcome!
Yes, Jordan Spieth American professional golfer. Do you like golf?
Yes, he plays for the Dallas Cowboys.
Yes, he is a very popular player from Dallas.
Yes, I can. She is a very popular author. She wrote I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings, which is a great book. Have you seen it?
Yes, she also wrote A Dance with Dragons. Have you read that one?
Sure, it was first published in 1981.
Yes, I can.
Yes, he wrote она и мир.
He wrote Whatever Works and Tristan & Isolde. Have you read them?
This is the End is a romantic comedy starring Charlize Theron and James Franco.
It is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
I think he is a great football player, do you follow soccer?
Not really a soccer fan. What's your favorite team?
Yeah that's a great movie! It's a great Comedy!
Doctor Zhivago stars Kyla Pratt, she is a great actor.
Sure, it was written by Rick Riordan and is a young-adult fiction book.
Yes he did! Vespers Rising is a young-adult fiction book and was released in 2011.
It is a young adult novel . Is there anything else I can help you with?
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
Mary Ann Shaffer starred in a movie called Bloody Sunday
Mary Ann Shaffer starred in The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
Yes! He starred in Imagine That and produced Tyson.
Ray Bradbury wrote many books. What kind od genre are you interested in?
Sure, Fahrenheit 451 is a romance novel written by Ray Bradbury
I don't have that information, is there anything else I can help with?
Sure, enjoy the book
I don't know much other than he plays for the Chile national football team. Do you like soccer?
Yes, Jordan Spieth American professional golfer. Do you like golf?
Haha, I love Adam Sandler movies. Did you see that one?
I like Rob Schneider in that movie as well.
Yes, she was. She was also in Frida.
Joe Morton wrote What Lies Beneath and it's a Fantasy. Do you like Fantasy?
You might like Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee as well.
Great! If you like action movies you may want to check out Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee.
You're welcome
Yes, Saina Nehwal is an athlete that plays Badminton. I believe he plays Badminton.
Yes, he competed in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
Yes he is from the United States of America.
Do you like Thor because it's a drama?
Thor is a great movie starring Robert Downey Jr., Chris Hemsworth, Steve Buscemi, Chris Hemsworth and many others. Would you like to know some more?
He has starred in many movies such as The Avengers, Guardians of the Galaxy, Stone of Destiny, and many others.
Then I would suggest watching Ant-Man, if you haven't seen it already.
He wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Have you read it?
Yes, The Final Destination 2 is a thriller starring Eric Brees. Have you seen it?
The Butterfly Effect is a horror film starring Eric Brees and Eric Brees. It is a great movie.
Yes, William Lee Scott also wrote X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Stand by Me and a few more.
October Sky is a Crime Fiction starring Natalie Portman. It is a great movie.
Sure, enjoy the movie!
She has a great voice. She is friends with Madonna and I like her more.
I'm not sure, but I know it was written by Pauly Shore is talented.
You're welcome.
Sure! He directed Man on Wire, starring Vanessa Martinez. Have you seen it yet?
I don't have that information, but he starred in The Manchurian Candidate which was a biography.
Sure, Tessa Thompson starred in this movie.
Sure, Tessa Thompson starred in this movie.
Yes! Kill Bill: Vol. 1 is a great Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
It stars Tessa Thompson and Robert De Niro. It is a great movie.
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote the book Persuasion.
Yes, Persuasion is a book by Jane Austen. Would you like to read it?
Yes, a good one. It was released in 1817. Would you like me to add that to your list?
Sure, it is written by Cassandra Clare and is a young-adult fiction book. Do you like young adult fiction?
The Shadowhunter's Codex is another book she wrote. Have you read it yet?
Yes, it's genre is science fiction.
Tom Cruise starred in Mission impossible Rogue Nation so if you like him he also starred in Valkyrie.
Yes he was in Days of Thunder.
Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder. Have you seen that one?
You are welcome.
I don't know much about them. Are they a football team?
Yes, I like the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
I like the San Diego Chargers. They are a great team, though.
The book was written by Jodi Picoult, who also wrote The Tenth Circle.
There's Smoke is another book written by Jodi Picoult.
No, I don't really know anything about that book. What genre do you like?
I don't really watch soccer. I think he plays the forward position.
Yes, it is! I like the New England Patriots and New England Patriots.
I agree, it's one of the best players in our time.
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing, The Diviners and The Diviners. Have you read any of them?
The genre for The Sweet Far Thing is fiction and The Diviners is fiction.
Sure! The Golden Compass is a great fantasy suspense book in the same genre.
Yes Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
No, but Milan Kundera is from Poland.
No problem. Anything else I can help with?
I think he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
I don't have anymore information about that. I am a NY Giants fan. Are you a football fan?
You're welcome
Yes, she is a professional golfer born in Hawaii.
Yes. He is from Honolulu.
That's true. Would you like me to send it to you?
Yes, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen them?
I do not have any information on that actor, but i can tell you it was written by Anthony Heald and starred some great actors in it.
Yes, it was released in 1994.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
I don't really know much about him other than he's married to Cameron Diaz. Do you like him?
Yes, he has a great voice. I think he's from Nashville.
He is married to Hailey Baldwin.
Sure. Do you like Monsters Inc because it's a Mystery?
Have you seen the Treasure Planet starring Kyla Pratt
Have you seen A Good Day to Die Hard or The Secret Life of Bees?
Yes, she wrote The Ship of Brides and The One Plus One. Have you read either one?
It's a romance novel.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure. The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books, would you like to know other books in the series or other books in the series?
I haven't, but I've heard of it. It's a great speculative fiction. I haven't read it yet.
Sure. I will add that to your list.
I don't know much about him. Is he a good tennis player?
I am not much of a tennis fan. I prefer Venus and Serena too.
I believe he lost to Roger Federer, but that's too bad.
You're welcome
Arthur Conan Doyle wrote The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes, The Complete Sherlock Holmes, and The Return of Sherlock Holmes.
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was released in 1950. The next in the series is The Complete Novel. Have you read this one?
Happy to help! I hope you enjoy it!
He wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke.
Have you read Xenocide or Z for Zachariah?
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Veronica Roth. Are you a fan of hers?
Veronica Roth also wrote Divergent. Have you read it?
Free Four: Tobias Tells the Divergent Story is a dystopian novel released in 2011. It is a dystopian novel.
You're welcome.
Yes, I do! My favorite song by her is a thousand years.
I don't know much about her. But, I do know she is a singer-songwriter.
I don't think so, but I do know she starred in the movie A Thousand Years.
Thor starred Chris Weitz. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Sure! Vacation is a great movie. He also starred in The Devil Wears Prada.
You're welcome!
Sure. Jodi wrote The Tenth Circle. Have you read that one yet?
Where There's Smoke was released in 2015. She also wrote Vanishing Son. Have you read that one?
Where There's Smoke is a Fictional novel.
He is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Real Madrid and the Brazil national team.
Yes, that is a great sport to watch. How about you?
I've always been a Denver Broncos fan. Who is your favorite team?
I don't know much about them. Are they part of the National Football League?
Yeah, he played for the New Orleans Pelicans.
Yes, he is! He was a former world No. 1 in singles.
Sure, Peter Weir directed Witness and The Truman Show. Have you seen either?
Yes, he did. It is a horror/mystery film that stars Harrison Ford and Anthony Minghella.
Yes, she starred in Spring Breakers and Spring Breakers.
I like her too. Do you know if she is friends with her?
Of course! Lois Lowry wrote it and it's a great book.
Lois Lowry also wrote; Gathering Blue, Anastasia Krupnik, and Anastasia Krupnik. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, it was written by Orson Scott Card and also in the Speculative Genre.
No problem, enjoy the book.
You are welcome
Yes, Rosemary Wells wrote Charlotte's Web
Yes! Rosemary Wells starred in Charlotte's Web which is a historical drama. Do you enjoy that type of genre?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure. Bradly Cooper starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it yet?
Sure, you might like Zombieland, Zookeeper, and Zoolander.
Sure! Submarine is a 2012 American suspense film.
Sure! He starred in The Fugitive.
You're welcome
Sure! The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide: Five Complete Novels and One Story is written by Douglas Adams. Have you read this one?
Douglas Adams wrote Mostly Harmless and he wrote Last Chance to See.
The Restaurant at the End of the Universe was released in 1995 and is a children's novel that was turned into a film.
The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul is written by Douglas Adams. Would you like to hear more about this book?
You're very welcome!
I really don't really know much about them except they're a K-pop boy band. Do you like them?
They are very popular in the U.S. I think. Do you like Nsync?
I don't really know much about them. Are they a good band?
The Baltimore Ravens are a professional football team based in Baltimore, Pennsylvania.
Yes, and he was a linebacker.
I don't really follow sports, but I'm more of a sports fan.
Sure! Do you prefer Action/Adventure or Sci-Fi?
Sure, you can try Zombieland, X-Men, World War Z, and X-Men.
You're welcome.
L.A. Confidential is a thriller starring Matt Damon and was released in 2010. Do you like thrillers?
The Silence of the Lambs is also a good L.A. Confidential starring Kevin Spacey.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Taxi Driver is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
Yes, it is a great movie. It is also a great movie. Have you seen it?
Yes, the Manchurian Candidate is a great movie. It also stars Denzel Washington.
You're very welcome!
Sure! He starred in Unlawful Entry which is a great movie.
Yes it is! Do you want me to add it to your watch list?
She also starred in Shooting the Past. Have you seen that one?
The Pianist is a drama film. Would you like to watch it?
You're welcome
I don't really know much about tennis but I do know that she is dating Rory McIIroy
Yes, I did. I loved her in that too.
Yes, Serena did star in American Gangster. It was written by Terry Pratchett. It's a great movie.
I am not sure where Serena is residing. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, he directed the movie The Illusionist.
It's a crime fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, there's a well-known director, directed by Steven Spielberg. He also directed The Prestige and The Killing.
You're welcome!
Sure! Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Have you read the entire Expendables?
It was written by J.R.R. Tolkien. He also wrote Paper Towns.
Yes, I can.
Sure, another book like Silence would be Broken Silence.
Broken Silence was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
Sure! Pandemonium is a speculative fiction novel written by Lauren Oliver and released in 2012. Do you like that genre?
Pandemonium is a great book. Other books in the speculative fiction genre are; Virtual Light, The Lost Hero, and Horton Hears a Who.
It was written by Anne Tyler. Would you like to read it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, I love her music! Did you know she starred in The Next Best Thing and Swept Away?
Yes it is. It's a great movie. Madonna was also in Valentine's Day.
Yes, that's correct.
Yes, she did. That was a great movie.
I will have to check it out!
Sure, it was written by Joel Coen, who also wrote The Big Lebowski.
No, I don't have that information.
You're welcome.
It is written by Henning Koch and released in 2012.
Yes it is in English.
He wrote Britt-Marie var här , released in 2014.
Sure, he wrote Zoo and You've Been Warned among others.
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
Nothing from Agatha Christie was released in 1981. It's a book about Schizophrenia.
Do you like Forrest Gump because it stars Tom Hanks?
It definitely does! Did you know Tom Hanks also starred in Larry Crowne?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Darren Aronofsky wrote Requiem for A Dream along with Hubert Selby Jr.
It is a drama starring Darren Aronofsky and Channing Tatum
Requiem of a Dreams also stars Ellen Burstyn
Sure, he directed Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that?
Sure, some of the actors in Apocalypse Now are Vince Vaughn, The Godfather, and The Godfather.
I'm sorry, I don't have the genre for Apocalypse Now.
Sure Mr. Smith starred Keanu Reeves. It's a Romantic Comedy do you like that genre?
It is a thriller starring Matt Damon and Josh Brolin.
Of course, if you like thrillers you might like Shark Night.
You're very welcome!
Yes, she wrote The Pillars of the Earth and London. Are you familiar with her work?
Eddie Redmayne also starred in The Wedding Date. Have you seen that movie?
It's a romantic comedy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't really know much about them. Are they part of the National Football League?
Are you a patriots fan?
Yes, I agree. He is a great coach.
Mad Max Fury is a sci-fi movie starring Tom Hardy, Kevin Spacey, and Mad Max Fury Road.
Yes, she did along with Mad Max Fury Road.
Yes, the guy is from Justice league and he is an actor from Aleppo.
She is a singer, songwriter, television producer and screenwriter.
You're welcome.
E. Lockhart wrote We Were Liars, and The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks. Have you read any of these?
It was released in 2004
The Silence of the Lambs is a good one. You might like it.
You're very welcome!
Sure. Seven Pounds starring Will Smith is a Science Fiction Film. Do you like the genre or the actors?
Sure! It's a family drama. Do you like that genre?
Yes it is! It's also a film, a psychological thriller.
It sure is! Leonard Goldberg also produced Apocalypse Now which is a great movie. He also wrote The Goonies.
I'll add it now. Enjoy!
Yes, he is a football player from Wales that plays for the Wales National football team.
Yes, he is.
Yes, he is from Wales from the Cardiff region.
Sure, she is a singer-songwriter and a musician. She has a genre Thriller. Are you a fan?
I love her music! Did you know she was influenced by Kate Winslet?
Yes, she's a great artist. I really liked her in the movie Chandelier.
Yes, it's a great book written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like his work?
I have not, but if you like psychological thrillers I can recommend X-Men: First Class.
Yes, I do. Anthony Hopkins starred in The Silence of the Lambs as well as the sequel The Silence of the Lambs. Do you like his movies?
Emily Griffin is a professional basketball player. Do you like her?
It was released in 2012 and is a romance novel.
It is a movie starring Matt Damon and Josh Brolin.
You're welcome.
Sure, Kazuo wrote "Never Let Me Go".
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But it is a speculative fiction.
Yes, Zoe's Tale is a science fiction book.
You are welcome!
Yes, he plays for the Poland national football team.
He plays Midfielder
Mr. Robert Lewandowski is born in Poland
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren. what else can i do for you?
The Selection was released in 2015 and is a dystopian novel. Do you like dystopian fiction?
I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome.
Do you like X-Men because it's a sci-fi or because it stars Hugh Jackman?
Great, I think I've read all of them. If you like Action, I recommend Action.
Sure, I can help you with anything else. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, that is correct. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, Gone Girl is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
That's a great book! I really enjoyed it if you liked it.
You're welcome!
Do you like the movie because it's a adventure or because it's a fantasy?
It was written by J.J. Abrams and stars William Hurt and Tim Roth. It was released in 2002.
It is a Fiction and Drama. It's a very good movie.
Its a great book. It was written by Richelle Mead. Do you like Historical Fiction?
Malcolm Gladwell also helped write Beowulf.
Yes, he does. Stephen Gladwell also has a podcast.
You're welcome.
Sure! Doug Liman directed both Fair Game and Swept Away. Have you seen either of those?
It is a drama. Do you like that genre?
The Golden Compass is a great one if you like action films.
I am not sure, but Valerie Plame also starred in Fair Game.
He directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, Amadeus, and Amadeus. Have you seen any of them?
Yes, he did. A great example of historical fiction. Have you seen The America's Edge or The Titan's Curse?
Yes, I can. Anything else?
Sure! The book was written by C.S. Lewis and released in 1953. You might also like The Chronicles of Narnia if you'd like to read it.
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader was released in 1951 and is a children's book.
Sure! The Silver Chair was released in 1953. It's a great book.
You're welcome!
I think he is a cricket player, right?
I don't really know much about it either. I heard he's a good player.
No, but I heard he was a good athlete.
I love his music! I really like his old school Maroon 5 songs. Do you like him?
Yes, he starred in the movie Maroon 5 which is a comedy.
Sure, he starred in the movie Maroon 5 which is a comedy. Do you like the genre?
It was written by James Frey. Do you enjoy speculative fiction?
Sure. He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror. Have you read them?
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Sure, similar authors to Michael Crichton include Michael Crichton and Michael Crichton.
Michael Crichton has written a book called The Time Traveler's Wife
it is a fiction book released in 1961
Sure, enjoy!
I think he is a talented footballer, do you follow soccer?
I like American football, and my favorite team is the New England Patriots. What about you?
I love basketball! I also watch the San Diego Chargers.
Sure! Ken Kesey wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest & he starred in Go Further.
Yes he wrote "Go Further" in the speculative fiction genre"
Yes, it was released in 1981. It's a book about the life and morality of post World War I.
Sure! Added to your list.
He is a co-author who wrote The Alchemist. Are you interested in this genre?
He also wrote The Merchant of Venice and The Confederacy of Dunces.
It's a Speculative fiction.
You're welcome!
Yes, G.O.T Tom Brady is an American professional footballer who plays as a forward for the New England Patriots.
I don't but he starred in it as well
She also starred in the movie A Bug's Life
Sure. It was written by Steven Zaillian and stars Thomas Lennon. Do you like his movies?
Bradley Cooper is one of the most popular actors in the world. He was in American Sniper. He was also in American Sniper.
It's a drama. Silver Linings Playbook is a 2004 American Sniper.
You're welcome!
Yes, a great movie by Martin Scorsese. Have you seen it?
Gangs of New York starring Robert De Niro is a great movie.
Yes, that is a great movie. It was released in 1999 and is a drama.
Sure. Step Brothers is a comedy starring Kevin Spacey. I recommend that you watch it.
Sure. It also stars Anthony Minghella. It's a great comedy.
It's an excellent adventure movie starring Kevin Spacey.
You're welcome!
Yes, the movie Toy Story 2 is starring Tom Hanks and Tim Allen.
Yes, he starred in the movie Larry Crowne.
Yes, he has produced some comedies that he has produced is Larry Crowne. Have you seen it yet?
It is a romantic comedy and drama.
I'm sure that I will give it a try.
You're welcome!
Yes I do. I would recommend Star Wars: Episode V - The Phantom Menace, starring Kevin Spacey.
I actually don't have any other fantasy recommendations for that genre. Is there anything else you'd like to know?
The Lord of the Rings was produced by J.R.R.R. Tolkien.
I hope you enjoy it!
The Cleveland Browns are a professional American football franchise based in Cleveland, California.
Wow! That's a great team!
I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan.
I think they are a pretty good baseball team. Do you like them?
Yes he is. Do you like the Indians?
New York is a beautiful place in New York.
I did not see that one. Is it a drama ?
He wrote The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, A Princess of Mars and A Princess of Mars.
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Divergent is a Science Fiction starring Kate Winslet.
Similar to Divergent, you may like The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1 and Part 2.
You're welcome.
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
It stars Kristen Connolly, Robert De Niro, and Robert Davi.
Yes she is! Did you know Nicki Minaj is friends with Keanu Reeves?
I can't seem to find any information on that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't think so, but I am a fan of Selena Gomez.
Yes, it was written by Jhumpa Lahiri
Well, if you like fiction I recommend World Without End.
I do like thrillers. You should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
Dr. Seuss wrote The Lorax and The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss. Do you like Dr. Seuss?
Theodore is a cartoon book released in a year later
The Lorax was released in 1999
No problem. I recommend The Lorax (Animation Film)
You are welcome
The Kansas City Chiefs are a AFC West National Footbal League team. Are you a fan?
I'm a New York Jets fan. But the Redskins are my favorites.
Sure! Never Let Me Go was written by Charlize Theron. It was released in 2001. Would you like to read it?
He also wrote Never Let Me Go which is a science-fiction as well.
Yes, he has. He has made several films in films. Would you like to know about any of them?
Great! I hope you enjoy them!
I sure do! He directed Gangster Squad which is a great movie.
It was released in 2004.
It is crime action
Your welcome
I do! Luftslottet som sprängdes was written by Stieg Larsson and released in 2007.
I'm not sure if that's the same year that Luftslottet som sprängdes was released.
Sure, he wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes, have you read it yet?
Akira Kurosawa has directed a number of Japanese films, including Seven Samurai, and The Seven Samurai.
Yes, it stars Toshiro Mifune, Takashi Shimura, and Samurai.
I don't know any other movies he directed, but he was influenced by the Japanese film Yojimbo.
You're welcome!
Oldboy is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Confessions starred Ray Winstone. what else can i answer for you?
The Bourne Legacy is a good one. Anything else i can answer for you?
you are welcome
I don't know much about them. Are they part of the National Football League?
I like the Washington Redskins, and New Orleans Pelicans.
That would be great! I also like the Dallas Cowboys.
Yes, he starred in The Wiz, The Wiz, and The Golden Compass.
Yes, I love Men in Black. Did you know he was also a producer?
Yes, he also starred in A Good Ole Fashioned Orgy.
Scream is a horror film. Do you like Horror films?
Max Brooks directed Max Brooks as a writer and director. Have you seen it?
Brad Pitt is the lead, he also starred in Troy, another horror film.
Yes, they're a pretty good baseball team. Do you like them?
Yes, the Orioles are one of the best in the world!
Yes. I agree. The Baltimore Orioles have a good season.
Sure, he directed Zodiac, X-Men, and World War Z. Have you seen any of those ?
Sure, it stars Jennifer Jason Leigh and is a thriller movie. Do you like thrillers?
Great! Anything else I can help you with?
Oh yes, he wrote X men 2 a sci fi movie.
Yes! Hugh Jackman starred in X Men.
That's correct. Stephen Sommers also wrote Van Helsing.
Sure! Douglas Adams was written by David McCullough and has a genre Science Fiction. Would you like to know more about it?
It was released in 2008 and is a children's book.
I don't have any information on that title, but I can tell you that Douglas Adams wrote a book called The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York, which was released in 1995.
You're welcome!
The Godfather stars Marlon Brando and is a crime movie. Do you like crime movies?
Yes, he wrote Apocalypse Now, have you seen that one?
Great! Marlon Brando starred in X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: First Class.
Great! Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, he also wrote Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that one?
That's a great choice! Enjoy!
The Green Bay Packers are a National Football League coached by Mike McCarthy.
That's right! Did you know Thorpe is the current head coach?
Yes, he is from Pittsburgh too!
I don't know much about them. I do know the team is owned by Virginia Halas McCaskey and their mascot is called the Bears.
I don't know much about them. Are they having a good season this year?
I don't really follow college football, so I am a big football fan.
Yes, this movie stars Zooey Deschanel
Yes, Pruitt Taylor also starred in Beautiful Creatures. Do you like her work?
You're right! It was a film that was directed by Robert De Niro and released in 2012.
No I don't have any information on that book right now. Can I help you with anything else?
Have you read the Mandolin?
Xenocide is written by Orson Scott Card and released in 1991.
Yes, just done.
He starred in Zoom which is Science fiction. Have you seen that?
Thomas F. Wilson also starred in Zoom which was a great movie.
Enjoy!
I know he is a country singer, do you like his music?
His record label is Country Pop. Do you like country music?
I don't, but he's a great singer.
Sure! Sara Shepard wrote Pretty Little Liar the genre is Teen Drama, do you like teen drama?
Yes it was! It's a TV series.
I don't have any information on any of them. However, I can tell you that The Secret Life of Bees was released in 2007. Would you like any other recommendations?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I'm not much of a soccer fan. Are they a good team?
I love the Buffalo Bills, but my favorite team is the San Francisco 49ers.
That's a good one! Would you like me to read it or learn more about it?
The Pittsburgh Steelers are a professional American football franchise based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
I don't know much about the coach, but I think Tomlin is from Pittsburgh.
Oh wow, I didn't know that! He was from Pittsburgh too!
Yes he wrote The Storm and Thelma & Louise. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure who starred in that movie, but I know it was directed by Sean Penn.
I'm sure you will enjoy it.
You're welcome!
Laura Esquivel wrote Como agua para chocolate and The Love of Law. Have you read either ?
What was a popular book?
Yes she did. She is a great writer.
You're welcome
The Memory Keeper's daughter was written by Kim Edwards and released in 2005. Do you like Kim Edwards?
My apologies. I don't have any similar authors.
You're welcome
Yes he wrote Defending Jacob in 2012.
It is! It's a thriller.
It's a thriller. It's about a serial killer called Shark Night.
Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors and The Secret Adversary. Have you heard of any of these?
It was released in 2004
Your welcome
Sure, he wrote Romeo and Juliet, which is a play. He also wrote The Tempest, The Conjuring.
What You You Will is a Romance novel that was released in 1985 and also is a play written by Shakespeare.
You're welcome!
He directed The Imitation Game and Headhunters. Have you seen either of those?
It stars Rory Kinnear and Benedict Cumberbatch.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! It was written by Khaled Hosseini and released in 2012.
Yes, he also wrote The Kite Runner. Have you heard of it?
You're welcome.
Isn't he a player on the New Orleans Pelicans?
Sure! He is a former world No 1 in singles. He is a former world No 1 in singles. He is a former world No 1 in singles single singles single single single single single single single single single single single rule out single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single single . He is a writer and author from the US. He
I don't have that information but I can tell you La La Land is a French French film about the Vietnam veteran, who is a former world No 1 in singles shooting guard, a former world No 1 in singles.
You're welcome.
Enjoy the movie!
She starred in The Ice Harvest and The Hunted, among others.
It was released in 2003 and also stars Stephanie Sigman, and she also starred in it.
Sure! Enjoy!
I think he starred in Friends with Benefits
I can tell you that it is a romantic comedy that was released in 2012
Yes, she was in that film as well!
Yes, it was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
It's considered Speculative fiction.
A similar book you might enjoy is The Prime of Extraordinary Gentlemen
Then you might like The House of Mirth or The House of Mirth.
Sure! I'm glad that I could help.
The Last Lecture was written by Randy Pausch. Would you like to know more about him?
Yes, he did. Did you know he also starred in Star Trek?
Sure, I will do that.
Sure, he wrote The Wackness, starring Mary Kate Olsen. Have you seen it yet?
The Wackness is a drama and action film.
I don't have that information, but if you like comedy you should check out The Wackness. It stars Jennifer Lawrence.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes,It is a great book written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Do you like his work?
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Pirates. Have you read them?
Sure thing! You might also like The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
That's a great choice. I hope you enjoy!
Sure, he directed a favorite of mine, The Ninth Gate, and The Ghost Writer. Have you seen any of those?
Sure, he wrote a favorite of mine, The Ninth Gate, and The Ghost Writer.
It was released in 2010
Yes, The Maze Runner is next in the series
Sure. Jack London wrote To Build A Fire, The Sea Wolf, and To Build A Fire. Have you seen any of these?
Yes, they did. White Fang was directed by Jack London as well.
You're welcome.
Yes, I love it. Donnie Darko is a Thriller written by Richard Kelly and stars Seth Rogen.
Seth Rogan has also starred in the movie The Fault in Our Stars.
Yes, James Franco also starred in Seth Rogen as well.
I don't have any information on any other movies he has been in.
Shadows and Lies was released in 2004.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley wrote Frankenstein, The Modern Prometheus. Have you read it?
Frankenstein is a Modern Prometheus.
I'm not sure, but it was written by Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley.
You're welcome!
It is a psychological thriller that was released in 1999.
Jason Bateman starred in Fight Club. He also produced Fight Club.
You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote Im Westen nichts Neues in 1929.
She wrote Im Westen nichts Neues and Drei Kameraden. Would you like to know more about her books?
You're welcome.
Yes! Edward Zwick directed The Siege.
Yes, he did. He was in Antwone Fisher.
He also directed Antwone Fisher. Have you seen that?
Yes, Snoop Dogg was in Training Day.
Yes he was in Volcano High.
You're welcome
I like their mascot Mr. Met. Do you like them?
I haven't heard much about him, are they in the United States?
I like to watch the World Series from time to time but the Dodgers are very talented.
Sure! He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything, and he wrote Freddy vs. Jason.
It was released in 2005 and is the same year that the Red Pony was released.
I don't have that information but I do know it was written by Stephen J. Dubner
Sure, I can do that.
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly as well as Once Upon a Time in Mexico. Have you seen either of those?
Yes. Eli Wallach starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
He also directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
Yes, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly is another great movie by Sergio Leone.
Yes, you can try The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
You are very welcome.
He wrote Welcome to the Monkey House and Timequake. Have you heard of them?
I don't have any other information on that book, but I can tell you that he wrote Welcome to the Monkey House.
The Sword in the Stone and Welcome to the Monkey House are also in that genre.
Sure Clint Eastwood has directed many movies. Would you like to know some of them?
It stars Hilary Swank and Clint Eastwood. Do you like them?
That's correct. Morgan Freeman also starred in The Civil War and The Civil War.
Djimon Hounso starred in Unlawful Entry and The Vatican Tapes
It came out in 2006 and also stars Carmen Argenziano.
It also stars Carmen Argenziano.
Sure! Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier, The Country Bears, and The Clockwork Girl. Have you seen any of these?
Underdog is a comedy/drama film starring Matt Damon and Josh Brolin
Jay Leno has starred in X-Men: First Class, X-Men: Apocalypse, X-Men: Apocalypse and X-Men: Apocalypse.
I agree. Did you know they won the Super Bowl XLVII?
The Philadelphia Eagles owner is J.K. Rowling.
Yes I do. I love the New England Patriots.
I like the New England Patriots.
Sure! American Beauty is a good one. Have you seen it?
Kevin Spacey and Annette Bening star in it. Do you like them?
Yes, it is a great historical drama, as well as a comedy.
The Incredible Hulk stars William Hurt and Tim Roth. It is a great movie.
The Maze Runner is a great movie. The Maze Runner is a good one.
Released in 2011. It was directed by Jason Bateman.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Die Hard has genre Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Then you might like Die Hard 2. It stars Bruce Willis. Have you seen it?
Do you like the movie because it's a crime fiction?
Sure! He also starred in X-Men: First Class, X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: Apocalypse.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
Yes, he has starred in several movies such as The Truman Show, The Secret Life of Bees, and The Truman Show. Have you seen any of those?
Yes it was. It also starred Matt Damon and Josh Brolin.
She has also starred in The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants movies. Have you seen that one?
Yes! X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a sci-fi action film staring Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman.
Yes, Ryan Reynolds starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, have you seen it yet?
It is starring Ryan Reynolds as well. It's a great comedy-drama.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Louis Leterrier directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it yet?
Sure Transporter stars Jason Statham and Peter Falk. Are you a fan of Thrillers?
He was also the actor in the movie The Transporter.
Good Will Hunting is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Vampire Slayer stars Jennifer Jason Leigh and Liam Neeson.
Yes, he did. Ben Affleck is the screenwriter for the movie Affleck.
Yes, The Town is a horror movie starring Ben Affleck. Would you like to watch it?
No problem, enjoy!
Sure, he wrote a book called  [Z no shmetsu]
It is a Romance novel released in 1856. Would you like to hear more about this title?
It was released in 1856. Would you like to know more about this book?
It is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
Sure, I recommend The Invisible Man, The House of Hades, The House of Hades and The House of Hades.
You are welcome!
Collateral stars Tom Cruise ,Do you like any other genres?
Sure, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick and he also directed 2001: A Space Odyssey. Do you like his work?
Tom Cruise actually starred in Days of Thunder, The Mask, and Zathura: A Space Adventure.
Auto Racing was released in 2002.
You're welcome!
Do you like Bruce Willis because it's a crime fiction?
Yes, he was in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen it?
I am sorry i do not have any information on what you are looking for.
You are welcome
I know he was a musician but I don't know much more about him. Do you like him?
Yes, I like The Weeknd. Have you heard it?
I don't know much about her, but I do know he has a good voice.
Sure! Leonard Nimoy starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
Yes, he starred in the Star Trek movies
It was written by Hilda Rosner and Hermann Hesse. It was released in 1922.
Sure, she also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
It came out in 1922.
You're welcome.
Sure! Reginald VelJohnson starred in You Again, Wolfen, Turner & Hooch, and Turner & Hooch. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, Jamie Lee Curtis also starred in You Again, have you seen it?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote Life of Pi and Beatrice and Virgil.
I'm more into Adventure fiction. Is that the genre you'd like to know?
Yes, she did. She also wrote Girl with a Pearl Earring.
It's one of my favorites. Michelle Paver also wrote The Road to El Dorado, have you read it?
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. He also wrote Lolita and Pale Fire.
I dont have that information,But the Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
You are welcome, please let me know if you need anything else.
Sure. He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Pale Fire.
I don't know much about him other than he's a basketball player. Do you?
Yes, he is a basketball player and he played for the Warriors. He is a great player
Yes, he is a basketball player too.
Sure, he wrote Teacher Man. Have you read that one?
Are you interested in other books by the same author?
You are welcome
I think it is a great book written by J.R.R. Tolkien
He also wrote The Silence of the Lambs. It is a thriller. Do you like thriller?
It was released in 2004. It's a great movie.
You're welcome!
They're my favorite La Liga team, did you know their coach is Jose Mourinho?
I don't really follow soccer. Are you a big soccer fan?
I heard he plays the forward
He is a great writer. He has written The Sea Wolf and The Fault in Our Stars. Have you heard of them?
Yes, White Fang is a great example of fiction books like Wuthering Heights and Wolf Brother. Would you like to read those?
Yes, it is a good movie. Do you like it because it's a drama?
Yes. Did you know Richard Gere also starred in Zookeeper?
Yes, you are correct. It also starred Vanessa Redgrave.
Yes, that is true. Did you know Peter Jason also starred in Ocean's Eleven?
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Do you like comedies because it's a comedy?
It was released in 2009 and is a Romance Novel.
Yes, she wrote The Casual Vacancy and The Cuckoo's Calling.
I don't know much other than he starred in movies. Do you like his work?
I'm sure you will love it. I also like The Casual Vacancy.
There are so many great ones such as The Casual Vacancy and The Cuckoo's Calling.
The Divergent Series is a young-adult fiction novel written by Jane Austen. It is a 19th century British novel.
You're welcome!
Yes, he starred in the movie Wreck-It Ralph
He also wrote Monsters University, have you seen it?
I don't really know much about them. Are they part of the National League East?
I don't really know much about them. But I heard they are a good team.
I don't know much about it. But, I heard that The Brooklyn Nets will be one of the best in the world!
Sure! Thomas Lennon starred in The Pacifier, The Fault in Our Stars, and The Human Stain to name a few.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that he starred in The Secret Life of Bees which is a television series.
I'm a huge football fan. Are you a fan?
I'm not much of a soccer fan, but I find it's a funny because I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan.
Agreed! Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, it was written by Kong Kong and stars Samuel L. Jackson and Robert Duvall.
He wrote The Great Gatsby, which is a great movie.
The Pianist was released in 2003
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football franchise based in Denver Broncos
I can't remember when the Panthers were runner ups for Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Yea, he played for the Denver Broncos.
Oh great! I'm sure you will enjoy them too!
You're very welcome!
They're in the National League East, and I like their mascot Mr. Met. Do you like them?
I don't know much about it. Are you a fan of the Mets?
I do. Do you like sports movies?
I don't know much about him other than he plays basketball. Do you like him?
Yes, I like LeBron James and Durant too. He plays basketball right?
No I haven't but I love Lebron because he is an athlete.
It's a great movie. Did you know it was written by John Woo, who also directed Corpse Bride?
Yes, have you seen Apocalypse Now? It's one of my favorites.
Yes, it was a great movie! If you like action films, you should check out the sequel, Gone Girl.
You're welcome.
Sure! If you like Batman Begins, you'll like the movie The Awakening.
Yes, The Dark Knight is a sequel
You're very welcome!
Sure! Robin Hobb wrote The Dragon Keeper, The Dragon Keeper, and The Dragon Keeper. Have you read any of these?
The Mad Ship was released in 2005. That is the same year that The Golden Fool was released.
He wrote Welcome to the Monkey House, Timequake, The Sirens of Titan, and The First Man in Rome. Have you heard of any of these?
It's a drama. Do you like that genre?
Z for Zachariah is a great example of speculative fiction
Sure! American History X was written by Tony Kaye and starred Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
Lake of Fire stars Tony Kaye and Al Pacino. Do you like these actors?
Lake of Fire stars Orlando Bloom and Kevin James. It's a Crime Thriller
You're welcome.
E.V. Rieu wrote
E.V. Rieu wrote .
He is a children's poet from England. He died in Chesapeake
He wrote Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail.
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome.
Sure! Do you like the book because it's written by Felicia Bond or because it's the genre children's literature?
No. J.K. Rowling is the author.
You're welcome.
Sure, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick who also directed Stanley Kubrick. Do you like his work?
I would recommend The Time Traveler's Wife or Eyes Wide Shut.
AEon Flux is starring Charlize Theron.
You're welcome!
Charles Duhigg wrote Power of Habit.
The Power of Habit is a book he wrote released in 2011 in English
Absolutely, Enjoy
The Godfather stars Marlon Brando. Do you like Marlon Brando?
Yes, he is a great player. Did you know that the team is part of the Celtics?
Yes he is. He was the current coach of the Celtics.
They're a basketball team in Chicago, owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
Jim Caldwell, Jeff Bridges, and Sam Sheppards to name a few.
I think they will make the playoffs this year.
You're welcome
Dear John is written by Nicholas Sparks and is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it was a good one. It is a Thriller. I highly recommend it.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Crescendo is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like this type of genre?
Are you interested in other books written by Jane Austen or romance novels in general?
Other romance novels include Sense and Sensibility and Persuasion.
Sense and Sensibility is a romance novel that was released in 1817.
No problem!
I love Linkin Park, my favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
Oh wow, I know that he is a rap artist. I don't like his music.
Sure, he directed Finding Nemo as well as Finding Nemo. Have you seen either of these yet?
It was released in 2002 and was directed by Andrew Stanton and is a children's film.
Ellen DeGeneres starred in Finding Nemo as well as Finding Nemo.
You're welcome!
Yes, he starred in Zathura: A Space Adventure and The Amazing Spider Man. Have you seen them?
Yes, it stars Jennifer Hale too.
I have a couple of my favorite family movies like The Good Dinosaur and Treasure Planet.
You're welcome!
Yes, he's an author, an actor and an athlete. He was in Jumbo.
Yes, the father is a famous bowler.
Yes, he wrote that. It starred Jennifer Lawrence.
Yes, he is a basketball player from Oakland.
Yes he does. He is the owner of the Portland Trail Blazers.
I don't really follow football much so I don't know much about basketball either.
Yes! The King's Speech was written by Iain Canning and stars Thomas Lennon.
Yes, the one starring Helena Bonham Carter? She also starred in King's Speech, which is a drama.
Sure, I can help you with that, please let me know if you need anything else
I love her music. My favorite is probably Whenever, Wherever. How about you?
I haven't heard much of her music. She has a good voice. She has a wonderful voice. I like her song Call Me Maybe. Do you like her?
I really don't know much about her, but I do like White Oleander
The Chicago Bears are a professional American football team based in Chicago, Illinois
That's a great one! I think the Bears are one of the best in the American Football Conference.
Yes, I think I've heard they're good. I think I've heard they're doing great in the commercials.
I think he is a good basketball player. What do you think of him?
He plays the point guard, and he is also a good player.
Yes, he does. He is a great basketball player as well.
Hayley Atwell starred in The Pillars of the Earth. Are you interested in thrillers?
Yes, Hayley Atwell starred in The Pillars of the Earth.
Yes, I recommend The Pillars of the Earth, which is a thriller.
You're welcome!
Yes, Brokeback Mountain starred Bruce Willis and is a great movie.
She also starred in X-Men: First Class. Have you seen that?
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional American football franchise based in Tampa, Florida. The Buccaneers currently compete in the National Football League as a member team of the National Football Conference South division
Yes, Lovie Smith is a former world No. 1 in singles.
I don't really know much about football but I like the San Francisco 49ers.
Yes, you may like The Chronicles of Narnia. It was written by J.K. Rowling.
I would recommend Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. It's also in the fantasy genre.
Did you know she also wrote The Casual Vacancy?
Great! Anything else I can help you with?
Sure! He starred in Annie Hall which is a romantic comedy. Have you seen it yet?
To Rome with Love stars Anthony Heald. He also starred in a movie called A Mighty Wind.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Spirited Away was written by Kylie Scott. Would you like to know other films he's written?
Scream of the Banshee is a Speculative fiction. Other examples are Zombieland and X-Men. Have you seen those?
Sure! One called Scream of the Banshee, that's a great one. Then you'll like it!
You're welcome!
Jeffrey Eugenides wrote The Virgin Suicides, The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Marriage Plot. Have you read any of these?
It is a Fiction Novel that was released in 1993.
It was released in 1991. It is a great book about the life of young girl.
You're welcome
Sure, it was directed by Judd apatow and also stars Seth Rogen who also starred in it.
Seth Rogen starred in The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen it?
Yes, Mindy Kaling has a great voice.
You're very welcome!
Yes, he wrote The Virgin Suicides, have you read it?
Yes, Miranda Richardson starred in Gideon's Daughter.
Yes, it is a fantasy film.
Yes, I can!
Oh yes, I love her music. I am a huge fan of hers. I haven't really heard much of her music.
Yes, I am a huge fan of Selena Gomez.
Yes, it's one of my favorites. I haven't heard it yet. Is it good?
Inception' was directed by Christopher Nolan. He also produced a film starring Tom Hardy.
Yes! Christopher Nolan also directed The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
The Prestige is both Thriller and Sci-fi films.
The Prestige is also considered a Sci-fi film.
I'm not sure. However, I can tell you The Prestige is a crime drama film.
Enjoy the movie!
He is a player on the Brazil national football team and he was born in Juazeiro.
Wow, that's a great sport to watch. I really don't know much about soccer, other than Dani Alves is an athlete.
I don't know much about them. They are owned by Virginia Halas McCaskey.
I don't follow the NFC North so I don't know much about them.
Yes, I believe he is the most talented person in the team.
Sure! Do you like the book because it's a fantasy?
It is a book about social criticism from the 1850's. It was written in 1838.
I don't know anything else about Empire Falls, but A Tale of Two Cities was written by Charles Dickens.
It was written in 1838. It's an excellent book.
I don't have much information on working class, but I can tell you that Charles Dickens wrote a book called A Christmas Carol, which is a book about a young woman.
You're welcome
Kierra Cass is a great author. Some of her works include The Siren, The Prince, and The Guard. Have you read any of these?
Sure, she also wrote The Siren. It's a fantasy.
Sure. The Selection is a Young-adult fiction and The Prince is a drama.
You're welcome!
Mission Impossible - Ghost Protocol is a thriller starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to hear similar movies in that genre?
Yes, it is an action packed movie.
The Last Samurai is a Romantic Comedy.
You're welcome.
Sure. Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell. He also wrote Animal Farm.
Animal Farm is a children's novel. Would you like to hear about other books by Orwell?
You're welcome.
Sure, he wrote Relato de un naufrago, and Memoria de mis putas tristes.
Yes, he has written many books such as The Red Pony and The Last Colony.
It was written by Ralph Steadman. He also wrote Gonzo the Art and The Joke's Over.
Well, he also wrote Gonzo the Art and The Joke's Over.
You're welcome.
Adam Brown starred in the Hobbit series. Do you like fantasy genre?
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
Bradley Cooper starred in The Words, The Time Traveler's Wife, and The Pillars of Creation. Have you seen any of these?
Sure! The woods is a paranormal romance film that was released in 1999.
The Words is a Non-fiction book released in 2012. It is considered a Thriller and Science Fiction.
Do you like books by J.R.R.R. Tolkien?
Think and Back Again has genre Speculative fiction. what else can i do for you?
yes it was. what else can i do for you?
you are welcome
Edgar Allan Poe wrote The Tell-Tale Heart, The Raven and Other Poems, to name a few. Have you read any of these?
The Tell-Tale Heart was released in 1843.
You're welcome.
I know Cesc Fàbregas is an athlete and plays for the Spain National Football Team.
I don't know much about them either. Are they part of the National Football League?
I'm not sure where he plays. I don't really follow soccer.
Aladdin is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Aladdin is an excellent family movie. The Godfather is another great one
You should also check out The Matrix Revolutions.
The Good Thief starring Said Taghmaoui, it is an Action/Adventure film
It also stars Leonardo DiCaprio and was directed by Paul Rudd. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Yes, he did. He also directed The End of the Affair.
No problem!
Quentin Tarantino has directed Grindhouse, Death Proof, and Death Proof. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, he is. He also starred in Fast Times at Ridgemont High.
He has also starred in Fast Times at Ridgemont High.
No problem.
Downfalls in the genre of War. Do you like War films?
Downfall is starring Ulrich Mühe, Sebastian Koch and Marcia DeBonis
The Baader Meinhof Complex has genre Thriller, do you like Thriller movies?
Your welcome
I don't really know much about him other than he's a songwriter. Do you?
Oh yes. I love her music. My favorite is Yvonne Zima.
I haven't heard that one yet. Wasn't he in a movie?
Yes it was written by Cassandra Clare and released in 2014. Are you familiar with her work?
She also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Sum of All Fears
Yes, the series are Young-adult fiction
You are welcome
It was written by David Sedaris and was released in 1969. Have you read it?
Yes it is, it is an excellent movie. It was released in 2005 and directed by David Sedaris.
You're welcome!
Sure! Fred Willard starred in X-Men: First Class, X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: Apocalypse. Have you seen any of these?
I'm sorry, I don't have the genre information for that.
You're welcome.
Great, have a great day!
You're welcome!
Yes, do you like Blood Diamond because it stars Tom Cruise or because it is a drama?
Djimon Hounsou starred in the movie
The Lord of War was released in 2003
CCH Pounder starred in X-Men: First Class, X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: Apocalypse. Would you like to know more about any of these?
Sure. He also starred in The Godfather and The Incredible Hulk. Have you seen those?
Yes, he starred in the movie.
The Devil Wears Prada stars Meryl Streep and Anne Hathaway.
She has also starred in The Devils Wears Prada, which is a romance film.
Yes, she was in that movie as well.
Sure, enjoy!
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was released in 2001.
The Casual Vacancy was also released in 1997.
Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Wayside School is Falling Down. Have you read either of these books?
Okay, a couple fiction books that you might enjoy are; The Time Traveler's Wife, The Bone Collector, and The Iron Giant.
You're welcome!
Dan Gilroy starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back.
The Bourne Legacy is starring Matt Damon and Josh Brolin. Do you like Josh Brolin?
The Bourne Identity starred Matt Damon and was directed by Matt Damon. Do you like War movies?
Hayao Miyazaki directed the movie Ponyo. Have you seen it?
I believe it is a drama, but I don't know if he directed Ponyo.
Yes, Hayao Miyazaki also starred in the film, have you seen it?
Yes, Yûki Amami is an anime film starring Xander Berkeley and has a genre of Thriller.
Yes, he wrote There Will Be Blood starring Paul Thomas Anderson.
There Will Be Blood stars Robin Williams and Rosario Dawson.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure. Paula Hawkins wrote The Red Tent and The Last Man. Have you read them?
Sure, The Girl on the Train is a crime and a post-apocalyptic fiction novel written by Paula Hawkins. Paula Hawkins also wrote Into the water.
You're welcome and enjoy!
Sure, have a great day and enjoy!
Sure, have you read A Walk to Remember? It is also a drama and is also a drama.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I've heard it's a great book. It came out in 2005 and is a biography.
You got it.
Yes it is! Enjoy!
You're welcome!
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror. Have you read either of these?
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Yes,It is a good one
Its a fiction
Your welcome
Memoirs of a Geisha was written by Robin Swicord and released in 1947.
Yes, Memoirs of a Geisha was written by Stephen King and he also wrote a book called The Commoner
He wrote Memoirs of a Geisha, have you read it?
You're welcome
Not a whole lot but I do know he's married to Hayden Panettiere.
Yes, he wrote that!
Not really, but if you like her in Scream 4.
That's right!
Green Eggs and Ham was written by Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
The Cat in the Hat is a book that was released in 1985.
That's correct! Have you read that one?
Sure! Kung Fu Panda is a great Adventure Film starring Bruce Willis. Have you seen it?
He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Yes, he was in that movie.
You're welcome!
Yes E.B. White wrote The Trumpet of the Swan and Stuart Little. Have you read them?
Sure. Safe Haven was directed by Nicholas Sparks who also wrote Three Weeks with my Brother. Have you read that one?
Liam Neeson stars in Cheaper. Dozen is a good movie.
It was released in 2003 and stars Michael Fassbender.
Yes, it stars Woody Harrelson and Josh Brolin.
Sure, enjoy the movie!
The Terminator is a sci-fi movie starring Christian Bale as well as Matt Damon. Do you like sci-fi?
Yes, that is correct. Michael Biehn is also in The Women of Brewster Place.
I don't know much about her, but I do know that she starred in The Women of Brewster Place.
Yes Robin Givens is the producer.
Natascha McElhone starred in The Truman Show and Solaris. Have you seen them?
The Truman Show was released in 2004. It's a great movie.
Sure! It was written by Dan Brown and is a Speculative Fiction.
It is a Science Fiction/Thriller
He wrote The Where The Wild Things Are, The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss, and The Book Of Mormon.
Little Bear is a fantasy and children's literature. Do you like that genre?
You should also check out The Truman Show if you enjoy family shows.
Happy to help!
Can I help you with anything else?
He directed the science fiction film Eraserhead. Have you seen it?
Inland Empire is a crime action film
Idiocracy is starring Matt Damon and Josh Brolin.
I apologize, I don't have the release date for that movie.
Certainly! Enjoy!
Certainly!
Gone with the Wind has a genre of Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Have you seen Gone with the Wind? It's a drama.
That's a great one. It stars Denzel Washington and Josh Brolin.
You're welcome
Ellen starred in The Stone Angel and The Wicked Appetite. Have you seen either?
Yes, he's a Spanish tennis player who was born in Spain in the Spain National Tennis Association.
Yes, I agree. I love Serena as well. She has won a BAFTA Rising Star Award.
Yes, he played for the Miami Dolphins in 2012.
Sure, Go Set a Watchman is a similar book you might like.
Sure, have you read A Time to Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee?
You are welcome.
I love her music. My favorite is probably Whenever, Wherever. How about you?
Yes, I like her music. She has a good voice. She's also been a model and a producer.
Yes, she starred in The Matrix Revolutions. She's also married to Emily Bronte.
Peter Gallagher starred in The O.C. which is a great movie.
Yes, it stars Sandra Bullock and is a romantic comedy.
Sure Peter Gallagher starred in The O.C. which is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome.
Martin Gardner wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you read that?
It is a fantasy book.
He also wrote The Portable Atheist and Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you read it?
You are welcome
Yes, he plays Midfielder position. He was born on Santa Marta. Do you like him?
He played on the Colombia national football team. Are you a football fan?
Yes he was. He was also on the Colombia national football team.
She is a great tennis player, one of my favorite tennis players.
Yes, Brett Ratner is an actor! He was also in Horton Hears a Who!
I'm not sure about that. If you like thrillers, I would recommend Shark Night.
The Glass Castle is a great book. It was written by Jeannette Wells and is classified as a memoir. Do you like the genre memoir?
Robert Zemeckis wrote that book.
Oh yes, she's a great author. She wrote The Amazing Spider Man, The Amazing Spider Man, and The Amazing Spider Man.
It is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction novels?
That's a great one. It was released in 2002
Yes, it is
You are welcome
I think she is a great tennis player, do you like her?
I really don't know much about her, but I do know she is from Delhi and is a tennis player.
He is one of my favorite tennis players of all time.
Yes he was. The New England Patriot. The New England Patriot. The New England Patriot.
Do you like Thor: The Dark World because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Then you'll like the sequel Batman Begins.
I don't have that information but I can tell you that it was directed by Chris Moore who also directed The Golden Compass.
I'm sure you will like it!
Yes, it starred J.K. Simmons and Melissa Benoist. J.K. Simmons starred in it.
Yes Wade Williams also starred in Troy Garity.
Yes, he did. Elizabethtown is a great romance film.
Breakfast of Champions is written by C.S. Lewis. Would you like to know other books by that author?
Yes, he also wrote Welcome to the Monkey House and Timequake.
Yes, it's a great book. Do you like any other genres?
I am not sure of his current movie, but he is the director for the movie Monsters Inc.
Yes, John Sayles wrote it. He also wrote Zombieland. Have you seen that?
It's a historical drama.
I think he is a great golfer, do you like him?
He also won the 2010 Masters Tournament.
Yes it is. It is a comedy-drama. Do you like this genre?
He has written In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's among others. Have you read those?
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Wedding Date too.
I'm not sure about other movies he's acted in, however I can tell you that the movie was based on his books, the same as the Harry Potter movies.
Yes, he wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
Yes, it's an Entrepreneur's book.
That's correct. Spencer Johnson also wrote Who Moved My Cheese.
I do! He directed Nowhere Boy and Fifty Shades of Grey. Have you seen those?
Nowhere Boy starred Fifty Shades of Grey, and it was released in 1986.
Nowhere Boy is a romantic drama film.
Sure! Do you like Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas because it's a psychological thriller?
Yes, he did. Hell's Angels was directed by Kevin Spacey as well. Do you like Kevin Spacey?
V for Vendetta is a Crime Thriller - similar to World War Z.
She wrote The Virgin Blue, The Last Runaway, and The Virgin Blue. Have you read any of them?
I believe it's a children's book. Do you like children's literature?
I don't have any information on that movie, but it was directed by Tracy Chevalier and is a Speculative fiction.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he directed both The Mist and The Green Mile. Have you seen either of those?
The Mist is a science fiction/fantasy film that was released in 2002.
Certainly, do you like science fiction movies?
Great, enjoy!
Yes, Dan Gilroy wrote Angels & Demons which is a Romance film. Do you like Romance?
Matt Damon stars in Bourne Legacy
Romance Genre
Sure Matt Damon also starred in Vampire Academy
have you watch Jurassic Park? its a great series
thank you
Do you like it because it's a Speculative fiction?
Yes, Shel Silverstein also wrote Where the Sidewalk Ends.
I don't have any information on any similar authors, but I can tell you that She also wrote The Giving Tree, which is a poetry book.
You're welcome.
I know he is a country singer, songwriter and television personality
Yes, I do. I like her song Someone Else Calling You Baby. Do you like Taylor Swift?
Yes, I do. I think he is talented.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Unbroken A world war II story of survival, resilience and Redemption.
Sure, Seabiscuit was released in 1999 and was directed by Laura Hillenbrand.
You're welcome!
Sure, Oliver Stone wrote The Doors and The Doors.
The Doors stars Steve Buscemi, Chris Hemsworth, and Bill Murray.
Yes, it's a music comedy. Do you want me to play it for you?
You're welcome!
Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Wise Man's Fear and The Name of the Wind. Have you read them?
The Name of the Wind is a good one. Have you read it?
You're welcome.
Divergent is a Young-adult fiction. Starring Theo James and Kate Winslet. Do you like the genre?
Similar to Divergent, you may like The Hunger Games: Catching Fire and The Children of Men.
Isn't he a soccer player from England?
He plays soccer for the Manchester United F.C
Thiago Silva is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for LA Galaxy.
I don't know much about them. Are they part of the National Football League?
Not really a football fan. My favorite team is the Washington Redskins.
That's true. I believe the 49ers are one of the best in the league right now.
Sure! Do you like the movie because it's a thriller?
Anna Kendrick also stars in White Oleander. Would you like to see it?
Those are the only ones I can find by her. Would you like to watch?
Sure! White House Down and White House Down are also excellent films in that genre.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on any comedies. Can I help you with anything else?
You are welcome.
E.H. Gormbrich wrote The Thriller and The City of Ember. Do you like Thrillers?
Suresh Rainia is an athlete on the India national cricket team.
Not really a fan, but I know a few players like Cam Newton and the San Diego Chargers.
Yes, he is. He played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
He wrote Uglies and Touching Darkness.
Pretties Trilogy was released in 1987 and is a dystopian novel
Yes, I think you will enjoy  [Z no shmetsu]
You are very welcome!
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Spain national football team.
Yes, I think he plays for the Spain national football team.
Yes, he did. Louis van Gaal coaches the Barcelona National Football Team.
Yes, he also coached Manchester United F.C.
Joseph Heller wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror. Have you read either of these?
Yes, he was the author of this book and it's a war novel. Do you like war novels?
Sure. Fifty Shades Freed was written by E.L. James and it's a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure, you can try Fifty Shades Freed. E.L. James also wrote The Alpha Master. Have you read that?
Bared to You is written by E.L. James
Yes, it was released in 2013
Sure, have a good day
Yes, he wrote The Castle and Amerika.
It's considered a Thriller and Historical fiction.
Great! Anything else I can help you with?
That book was written by Laura Hillenbrand and is a film adaptation , similar to the movie The Boys in the Boat
Laura Hillenbrand also wrote Seabiscuit which is a great read.
You're welcome!
Are you referring to James Robinson who starred in No Country for Old Men?
Yes, he was the author of Braveheart
Yes he did, he also directed Braveheart
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly as well as a few others
Its a great movie. Enjoy!
He wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer, The Portable Atheist, and The Portable Atheist. Have you read any of these?
It was released in 2009.
It's a non-fiction. It was released in 2011. It's considered a children's literature.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Washington Redskins is my favorite team in the American Football League.
Yes, Oakland Raiders are a great team. Do you like them?
Yes, he was the current quarterback for the Raiders.
Sure. Girl with a Pearl Earring has genre Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is a sci-fi novel . Do you like sci-fi?
The author is J.R.R. Tolkien.
Do you like Tropic Thunder because it stars Tom Cruise or because it is a romantic comedy?
The Cable guy is a great actor! It stars Tom Hanks and Julia Roberts. Do you like Dramas?
The Cable Guy is a comedy-dramas movie.
Yes, Diana Gabaldon wrote My Own Heart's Blood.
I'm sorry, I don't have information about that. I'm sorry.
Zero to One has a genre of Thriller.
You're welcome
He directed an action film called Cutthroat Island. Have you seen it?
David Lynch starred in Cutthroat Island.
It was released in 1999.
Enjoy!
I don't know much about them. Are they having a good season this year?
I would like to see them play the 49ers. They are a good team though.
Yes, the Bears are one of the best teams in the AFC North.
Sure! Doug Liman directed both Fair Game and Swept Away. Have you seen those?
Yes it was! It's also a great film.
I don't have that information, but I do know it was directed by Doug Liman. Do you like his work?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that it was directed by Doug Liman. Are you interested in his work?
Yes! He also starred in Water for Elephants which is a great movie.
Dwyane Wade starred in Just Wright didn't he?
She's a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
Yes, it was! It was also written by Steve Harvey and stars Morgan Freeman.
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a Sci-Fi movie released in 2012 and directed by Matt Reeves. Are you interested in this film?
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes also starred Gary Oldman.
Sure. Zombieland, X-Men, and X-Men 2 are some examples.
I'm sure you enjoy it!
Yes, Noam Murro directed 300: Rise of an Empire. Do you like his work?
300: Rise of an Empire stars Sullivan Stapleton, Peter Mensah and Sullivan Stapleton.
I do not have that information, but I can tell you it was released in 1999.
The Golden Compass is a fantasy movie you might enjoy.
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you she was the executive producer for the movie, Sullivan Stapleton.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that she is from the United States of America.
You're welcome!
Yes, I am a Pittsburgh Steelers fan. Are you a Dodgers fan?
It is! It's a very popular basketball player. He was born in Los Angeles.
That's amazing! I can't recall any other names on that team, even though it's been a long time since I was a long time ago.
Yes, he wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and The Good Thief.
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde starred Robert Louis Stevenson. Would you like to know more?
The version of The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was released in 1980. Would you like to read it?
I'm not sure of any other movies written by Kristin Scott. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, it was written by Zora Neale Hurston and she also starred in Zodiac.
I don't have that information but it was written by Sword of Shannara.
Yes, she also wrote The House of Mirth and The Virgin's Lover.
I don't know much about him other than he plays football
Yes! He is a player on the Manchester United F.C. team.
Yes, I would like to learn more about the sport.
I don't know much about football either.
Patrick Suskind wrote The Selfish Gene and The Sword of Truth. Have you heard of those?
Sure. The Grapes of Wrath is a novel written by John Steinbeck. He also wrote The Titan's Curse.
Tropic of Cancer has a genre Speculative fiction and children's literature.
Great, would you like me to add those to your list?
I don't have that information, but it is a great Speculative Fiction novel.
I don't have that information but if you like fiction you should check out The Last Stand. It was written by Stephen King.
You are welcome. Happy reading to you.
It was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Ralph Fiennes who is a great actor.
Yes, it does. Do you like that genre?
I sure do! She also starred in Valentine's Day which is a Crime Fiction Film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, that was a great movie. It was written by John Steinbeck and released in 2003.
She also starred in the movie, Thirteen.
Sure! She also starred in the movie, O Brother, Where Art Thou.
You're welcome!
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010.
It was written by Orson Scott Card and released in 2010.
It is a science fiction book.
Yes he has, he also wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly which is a thriller.
It is written by Henning Koch and released in 2012. The genre is Speculative Fiction.
2012 was the year it released You Are Not Som Heter Ove.
Do you like the movie because it's a crime fiction?
Then I would recommend World War Z. It's an action and adventure film.
The Golden compass is a great sci fi movie. I haven't seen it yet, are you a fan?
Interstellar is a great movie. It stars Matthew McConaughey and Rip Torn. It is a great movie.
You are welcome
Yes, The Hungers Games: Catching Fire is written by Suzanne Collins. It's a young adult fiction book.
He directed the romantic comedy American Pie as well as The Golden Compass.
It also starred Chris Weitz. Are you a fan of his?
She also starred in Golden Compass, have you seen it?
You are welcome
I think he is a great tennis player. How about you?
I haven't ever played before, but I've heard it's been a long time since I watched the match.
It is! It's one of my favorite tennis players. I watch it from time to time because it's time to play.
Sure, she wrote Le Petit Prince which was released in 1946.
Melina Karakosta also wrote Le Petit Prince.
Yes, Antoine de Saint-Exupéry is a musician, screenwriter, producer and screenwriter.
Sure! Do you like X-Men: The Last Stand because it's a superhero movie?
The Last Stand has a genre Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Logan is a superhero movie that was released in 2011.
No problem!
Yes, he is a great actor. Have you seen him in the movie Monster?
Yes, he directed The Brothers Bloom a great movie starring him. Have you seen it?
I like drama films, too! Have you seen A Good Day to Die Hard? He directed that one.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
Sure. Peter Bart wrote The Godfather and The Godfather. Have you read those yet?
Godfather is starring Al Pacino, and Francis Ford Coppola.
The Godfather was released in 2004 and stars Marlon Brando and Sofia Coppola.
The Green Mile is written by Frank Darabont who also wrote The Shawshank Redemption. Have you read that?
Stephen King wrote The Shawshank Redemption, have you read that?
Yes The Dead Zone is an adaptation of The Dead Zone. The Dead Zone is directed by Peter Hyams.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
She wrote one book called The Orphan Train which was released in 2013. Do you like her work?
She also wrote A Piece of the World.
Yes. The Way Life Should Be was written by Sara Gruen.
I Am Legend is a film starring Will Smith and Will Smith and is a sci-fi film.
He also starred in The Pursuit of Happiness. Have you seen that one?
He was also in The Pursuit of Happiness which is also a Sci-Fi movie. Have you seen this one yet?
Hot Fuzz is a Romantic Comedy starring Jim Carrey. Are you a fan of his?
Hot Fuzz is an action and adventure film. Another action movie you might like is National Velvet. Have you seen that one?
Yes it is. You should check it out.
Yes, he is a lyricist. Do you like him?
I like his music. Did you know he is friends with Taylor Swift?
I do, did you know he starred in Men in Black 3?
To Kill a Mockingbird was released in 1960.
Yes it was. The Incredible Journey was also released in 1960
Yes, I can tell you it was written by Claude-Michel Schönberg and stars Hugh Jackman. It is a great movie.
I'd recommend The Book of Eli which is a musical-theater movie.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other information on any other films he has starred in.
Yes, it was written by Dan Brown and stars Tom Hanks and Anthony Hopkins. It is a great movie.
Yes, it was directed by Cassandra Clare
Yes, Meryl Streep starred in The Deer Hunter.
John Savage also starred in The River Wild
I don't really know much about them. I'm a NY Giants fan. They're in the AFC West division and my favorite team is the Washington Redskins.
I don't really know much about them as they are doing well in the science fiction genre, though. I am a Dallas Cowboys fan and a fan of the Dallas Cowboys.
Cold Mountain starring Bruce Willis. Do you like his movies?
Yes, I did. Renee Zellweger also starred in Shark Night.
Sure. If you like Cold Mountain you may also want to check out The Secret Life of Bees if you're interested.
Yes. J.K. Simmons is an actor. He starred in Young Adult. Have you heard about it?
J.K. Simmons has starred in several films. Would you like to know more about one of them?
It also stars Stephen Fry and Rupert Graves.
Yes, Ronan Bennett and Johnny Depp starred in Public Enemies.
He's been in a number of movies. The Rum Diary, The Rum Diary, and The Rum Diary. Have you seen any of those?
I don't know if he has any comedies right now. But he was good in The Rum Diary.
Okay, I'll have to check it out. Thanks!
The movie stars Selena Gomez, Selena Gomez, and Selena Gomez.
It was released in 2005
Yes, that was a good one as well.
The Star Wars Holiday Special starring Harrison Ford is also a romantic comedy.
Yes, he was in that action film as well.
You're welcome!
Yes. J.M. Barrie wrote The Bourne Legacy. Have you read that yet?
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is a good one.
It's a children's book. Would you like to read it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
The same Karim Benzema of Real Madrid C.F.?
I believe he plays for Manchester United F.C.
No problem!
Yes, it is a great movie starring Vin Diesel and Paul Walker.
VIn Diesel also starred in XXX, XXX, and XXX.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Joh Favreau wrote A Modest Proposal.
Yes, Jonathan Silverman also starred in Made which is a thriller.
Yes that is a great movie.
Yes it does! Kevin Nealon also starred in Spy Game.
Yes he did!
The Gazebo is a drama film directed by Matt Damon.
Sure, Seth MacFarlane wrote and directed the movie True Grit. Have you seen it yet?
Sure, it was released in 2010 and stars Brad Pitt. Are you familiar with his work?
Sure, Seth MacFarlane wrote and directed This Is the End, which stars Johnny Depp
Skyfall is a sci-fi film starring Ayn Rand.
Yes. He also starred in The Good Dino and The Good Dino.
J.K. Simmons produced this movie.
It is a romantic drama film.
Yes, I would recommend Adventure films.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Charlaine Harris and is a great book. Do you like Charlize Theron?
That's a good one. I'm a fan of hers and of course, Janet Evanovich is a former world No 1 in singles.
Yes, he also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
You're welcome.
Yes, David O. Russell starred in Three Kings. Are you a fan?
It is a crime action film. Do you like that type of movie?
Yes, he was.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The book is written by John Green and is a young adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
He has also written Will Grayson, The Fault in Our Stars, and Shopaholic series. Have you heard of any of these?
That was released in 2008 and is a young adult fiction.
Max Brooks wrote World War Z, are you interested in that book?
It was released in 2004.
Sure thing! Enjoy!
You're welcome!
He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, Woman in Gold, and Turbo. Have you seen any of those?
Great! Anything else I can help you with?
I hope you enjoy them.
Sure, he wrote Saphurblau recently and Emil and the priusoner of Azkaban
The Hobbit is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy?
Have you seen The Good Doctor or The Good Doctor?
Yes, he did. He also wrote the Good Doctor and The End of Watch.
Do you like the movie because Tom Cruise starred in it or because it is a Action/Adventure movie?
I don't know much about Tom Cruise movies. But I do know that he starred in Days of Thunder. Have you seen that?
You're welcome
Your welcome.
Glad to help out!
Yes, he starred in Friends with Benefits and The Social Network.
Yes, he wrote that and starred in it with Holden Scott too.
Yes it is a great movie starring Matt Damon and has a great cast.
Casino Royale is a spy and action film released in 2012. It was directed by Martin Campbell.
If you liked True Lies, check out Outland as well. It is also a spy film.
Yes it is! It's also a documentary starring Ryan Reynolds.
He is a soccer player who plays for the Mexico National Football team.
Yes, they are coached by Ryan Giggs and Ryan Giggs.
You're welcome.
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Clarke or The Alchemist?
Paulo Coelho wrote The Alchemist, have you heard of it?
Yes, onze minutos. Onze minutos a great book.
He starred in movies such as The Mists of Avalon and The Godfather. Have you seen either?
Yes, she did! She also starred in The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants series. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he plays for the Germany national football team the FC Bayern Munich II.
The Kansas City Chiefs are a professional American football franchise based in Kansas City. The Chiefs are part of the National Football League.
I like to watch football. I like the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
That is a great team! My favorite team is the Washington Redskins.
The invention of wings is a book written by Kurt Wimmer. Do you like his work?
Yes, The Last Samurai is written by Marshall Herskovitz starring Yuki Matsuzaki. What else can I help you with?
Yes, she starred in the movie, The Pink Panther. Would you like to know more about the movie?
He was in Mystic River as well.
Sure! Other movies in the same genre include X-Men: The Last Stand, The House of Mirth, and The House of Mirth.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them. I do know they are owned by M. Night Shyamalan.
I haven't seen it yet, but I've heard it's a good one.
Yes, I have! It's a great movie!
I'm also a Dallas Cowboys fan.
He directed the action film, Battleship. Have you seen it yet?
Battleship has a genre Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You're welcome.
Wonder was written by R.J. Palacio and released in 2012.
Sure! Wonder is written by R.J. Palacio and released in 2014.
Yes it was released in 2014
I am not sure but I can tell you it was released in 2014
your welcome
Bill Murray starred in Zombieland. Have you seen that?
Yes, Bill Murray starred in Wild Things. He also starred in Zombieland.
She wrote The Scarlet Letter
She also wrote The Scarlet Letter, have you read it?
It is a romantic drama.
It was written in 1850 and it falls under the Romance category.
Young adult genre books are; The Shelters of Stone, The Giver, and The Power. Have you read any of these?
Persuasion is written by J.D. Salinger and released in 1817.
Persuasion is a romance novel written by Jane Austen. Would you like another title from Jane Austen?
Yes, if you liked romance then you might also enjoy Persuasion.
You're welcome.
Yes, she wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that ?
Tower Heist is a comedy/drama film released in 1996.
Tower Heist also has a genre of Historical period drama.
I don't have any information on what else he's in.
She wrote оскресение and оскресение.
Yes, there is a Russian version of his book called Tolstoy's War as well.
You're welcome!
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
Oh yes! That's a great movie! It also stars Orlando Bloom.
The Memory Keeper's daughter is a good author. Would you like to know more about the book?
I have read The Secrets of a Fire King and The Secrets of a Fire King. Do you like novels?
That's a great choice. Would you like me to give it a try?
Snow Crash is a Speculative Fiction book written by Neal Stephenson. Do you like his work?
Sure! Chris Evans has starred in What's Your Number? a romantic comedy and The Perfect Score.
Chris Evans also starred in the movie. It's a romantic comedy.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Tika Sumpter starred in The Perfect Score.
You are welcome.
Yes, The Great Gatsby is a novel and The Voyage of the Dawn Treader.
Yes he is. He also wrote The Great Gatsby.
You're welcome
You are welcome
Yes, he is a tennis player from Switzerland. He played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
Yes, he played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
Yes, he competed in the 2012 Olympics.
Running with Scissors is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Do you like his work?
A Wolf at the Table is a dystopian novel released in 1982. It's the second book in the series after the first published on January 1, 2014. Definitely a good read!
You're a sequel. It's directed by Steven Spielberg.
Enjoy!
The fates of Human societies is a great book written by Jared Diamond.
It is a fictional novel.
Ken Daurio is the author of this book.
Wes Craven wrote My Soul to Take and the Scream series. Have you read them?
Yes, he also wrote My Soul to Take, have you seen that one?
Yes he did, Harris Yulin starred in it as well.
You're welcome!
Sure, Anne Rice wrote Vittorio the Vampire and Violin.
Yes, she did write Frankenstein.
Yes, she did. In fact, the Vampire was released in 1999
Sure, have you read The Absolute Sandman, Volume One?
The Graveyard Book is actually one of my favorites! Have you read it yet?
You're welcome!
Lois Lowry wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames and White Oleander.
It is a speculative fiction book released in 1985.
It was released in 2009.
Yes, The Great Gatsby is a novel and The Voyage of the Dawn Treader.
Sure, he directed Moon, Warcraft, and Source Code.
Sure, it starred Mike Colter, Jennifer Jason Leigh, and Liam Neeson.
It's a romantic comedy.
I don't really know much about them. Are they part of the National Football League?
I think the Seattle Seahawks will be the runner up in Super Bowl XLVII
I like the New England Patriots, but my husband is a New England Patriots fan.
I've been to a Miami Marlins game and it was a live game.
Have you seen the Star Wars Holiday Special starring Harrison Ford?
George Lucas, Scott Glenn
I don't know, but I do know he directed Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back.
The Bourne Legacy is a young adult fiction film starring Matt Damon. Do you like that type of movie?
Yes, he is in the Thor films, have you seen the first one?
I haven't seen it yet. Is it a good one?
Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien?
Yes, J.R.R.R. Tolkien also wrote The Lord of the Rings and The Two Towers.
Are you looking for similar movies adapted from the adapted version of the movie Snow White and the Huntsman?
James Franco starred in it. If you like his movies, you should watch Watchmen.
He was in Zookeeper and Wonder Woman to name a few.
You're welcome.
Sure! The Lightning Thief is a young-adult-speculative fiction book written by Rick Riordan. Are you a fan of young-adult fiction?
Yes, I have! The Son of Sobek is the next in the series by Rick Riordan.
I'm not sure of that, but I can tell you The Lightning Thief is a fantasy book.
I hope you enjoy it!
She starred in Mad Max: Fury Road and Alright, have you seen those?
I don't have any information on her, but I can tell you she wrote Pretty Little Liars. Have you read that?
Are you referring to the movie because it's a romance or a drama?
Sure, do you like Christopher Nolan movies?
Yes, Christopher Nolan also wrote The Prestige.
Sure! For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway. Do you like Hemingway?
Yes, he wrote Tolls.
You're welcome!
Stefan Kapicic starred in Deadpool. Do you like his movies?
Deadpool also stars Stefan Kapicic and Stefan Kapicic.
Deadpool has genre Fantasy
I think he is a great Athlete and Athlete
Yes, he is a spokesperson for the company.
Thank you for all the information.
Sure! Do you like Young-adult fiction?
The book is written by John Green and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
The book was written by John Green, who also wrote Looking for Alaska, which is a young-adult fiction.
Sure, it was written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote Paper Towns.
You're welcome!
Sure! He starred in Palo Alto as well as in Palo Alto. Have you seen either?
Sure! It's an excellent romantic comedy starring Glenn Plummer and is a great movie.
It was released in 1999 and is a romantic comedy.
Enjoy!
Yes, she is a great actress. She starred in The Joy Luck Club.
The Hundred Secret Senses is classified as a fiction.
Yes, it's a good one.
Yes, he starred in The Godfather. Have you seen that movie?
I'm not sure who starred in it, but Robert Duvall also directed it.
I'm not sure, but Robert Duvall also starred in The Apostle.
I'm not sure, but Bruce Willis also starred in it.
You're welcome.
Mark Waters directed V for Vendetta. Do you want to know more about it?
Tod Fennell also starred in the film. Would you like to hear more about the movie?
I believe it's more of a crime fiction film.
You're welcome!
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to know other books in that genre?
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to read other books from her?
Sure. She wrote White Oleander and Paint It Black. Have you read them?
It was released in 2004 and is a Young-adult fiction.
You're welcome.
Akira Kurosawa is one of my favorites. She directed The Seven Samurai. Have you seen it?
He starred in X-Men: First Class. Have you seen that one?
It has an all-star cast including Kamatari Fujiwara and Samurai.
I'll send you a link to the movie.
That was directed by J.K. Rowling.
Yes, he wrote Les Miserables didn't he?
Yes it was released in 1862 in the English language
Yes, he did. It is a great book!
That's a good one too! He also wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream which is a classic!
Once Upon a Time in the West is a western film similar to Once Upon a Time in the West.
Shane is a father and he starred in The Good Doctor
You are welcome!
Sure! Jodi wrote Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts. Have you read those?
You might like The Golem's Eye or The Tenth Circle. They are both fantasy books.
You're welcome
Yes, I like him he wrote The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club and Oliver Twist. Have you read any of his work?
Charles Dickens also wrote A Christmas Carol, have you read that one yet?
Yes, he did! It's a great book.
That's correct! It's a great book! I think you'll really enjoy it!
Enjoy!
He is a basketball player who plays point guard for the Seattle Supersonics.
Yes, I like to watch basketball
I really like to watch football. I also like to watch the Golden State Warriors.
I haven't. But I've always been a fan of the Dallas Mavericks.
Yes, Hellboy is a great movie. Did you know that Nicolas Cage starred in this movie?
Yes, he also directed Pan's Labyrinth. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Hellboy is considered a comic book and so is The Space Between Us.
Atlas Shrugged is a novel written by Leonard Peikoff and was released in 2004. Are you interested in science fiction?
Yes, he did write We Are the Living. Would you like to know more about this book?
We the Living was released in 1957 and it is a Speculative Fiction.
If I Stay is a young adult fiction film. I would recommend The Fault in Our Stars. It's the same genre.
Sure. A Walk in the Woods is also a Young-adult fiction.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome.
Mark Osbourne directed Kung Fu Panda. Have you seen that?
Yes, he starred in Kung Fu Panda too!
He starred in X-Men: First Class, X-Men: Apocalypse Now, and X-Men: Apocalypse.
Great! I'm sure you will like them!
The author of 1st to Die is James Paterson. Would you like more information about this book?
Sure, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
Yes, The Great Gilly Hopkins is a great book. Other books in the Fiction genre are Flowers for Algernon and Without a Trace.
You're welcome, enjoy!
They are a basketball team in the NBA. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure. I'm more of a basketball fan.
Not really, I am more of a basketball fan. But I like the San Francisco 49ers.
I'm a fan of the Dallas Cowboys.
Yes, he is an Indian international cricketer. Do you like Cricket?
Yes. I like the Dallas Cowboys.
Yes. Bridget Moynahan starred in it.
Sure, he wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read that?
The Boy in the Striped Pajamas has genre Tragicomedy.
The Boy in the Striped Pajamas was released in 1973.
You're very welcome!
I do. It was directed by Luc Besson, who also directed the movie.
Yes I saw it in the movie. It was directed by Kylie Scott.
It was released in 1999
No problem!
Divergent is from the Utopian and Dystopian fiction genre. Do you like that genre?
Cool, then you can check out Young Adult films by the same director as The Hunger Games.
Sure Besides Elle s'appelait Sarah, Tatiana de Rosney wrote Boomerang.
Yes, she did.
She also wrote The Little Friend and The Lady in the Lake.
You're welcome.
She wrote the Childrens novel Black Beauty.
Anna Sewell was born in London in 1865 in the English language.
You're welcome.
I haven't heard them a whole lot. I like them from time to time. Do you like them?
Yes he does! He starred in the movie The White Album.
I don't know if it's a romantic comedy
Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline and Christina Baker Kline. Do you like her work?
Orphan Train is historical fiction. Do you like her work?
Christina Baker Kline also wrote Bird in Hand, and A Piece of the World.
You're welcome!
Sure. Do you like L.A. Confidential because it is a thriller?
I don't have any information on who stars in this movie.
I believe it's a drama.
You're welcome.
Yes, J.J. Cohen starred in Back to the Future.
Yes. Zodiac was a great adventure movie. It was also very funny.
Yes, it is a great book written by Sylvester Stallone. It's a great suspense thriller.
Yes, he did. That was a great movie.
Yes, it was a mystery and horror movie as well.
Oh, if you'd like to see Zodiac, I think you'd like it.
No problem, enjoy!
I think that he is a great golfer, do you like him?
Yes, he does. Do you like the Seattle Seahawks?
Not really a football fan but if my brother is a Dallas Cowboys fan.
Yes, he wrote The Silence of the Lambs which is a drama. Do you like drama?
It stars Tobey Maguire and was released in 2015. It is an adventure film.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Matt Damon wrote Good Will Hunting and starred in that movie. Do you like Thrillers?
Then I recommend The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul.
I am sure you will enjoy it!
It's a psychological thriller. It's also a great movie!
I'll play it for you now!
I know he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Pelicans. Do you like him?
I'm not sure who he played for the Saints. I think the Saints are in the AFC right?
That's a good one!
Sure! Have you seen Hudson Hawk? It's a great sci-fi movie.
Then you'll like Gone Girl if you like Bruce Willis.
I don't have any information on that movie, but I can tell you that Willis also starred in A Good Day to Die Hard which is a great movie.
Yes, Elisabeth Shue is a directorial film. It is an animated film.
Done! Enjoy!
You're very welcome!
Gran Torino is a Clint Eastwood film. Do you like Clint Eastwood films?
Yes, Cory Hardrict starred in this movie as well as Cory Hardrict.
Kevin Cory Hardrict starred in the day as well as Cory Hardrict
Yes he does
Yes, he wrote Radiance and Warbreaker.
It's a romance and drama. Do you like those kinds of books?
It was released in 2004. It's a classic.
You're welcome.
Do you like the movie because it is a Thriller?
Yes! One of my favorites is The Good Dinosaur. Have you seen it yet?
Yes, she was in that movie as well! The Santa Clause is a great actress!
The Farthest Shore is similar to Ender's Game.
Yes, Orson Scott Card is a great writer. He wrote The Gate Thief and The Gate Thief. Have you read them?
You should try The Silence of the Lambs. That is a good one.
Great, enjoy the books!
He directed Three Kings, The Devil Wears Prada, and The Big Year. Have you seen any of those ?
Yes. He starred in the movie. Did you know he also starred in the movie?
You're welcome.
Anthony Daniels starred in The Making of Star Wars with Harrison Ford. Are you familiar with it?
He also starred in the drama, The Tenth Circle. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
You're very welcome!
Do you like Forrest Gump because it stars Tom Hanks?
Forrest Gump starring Tom Hanks is a romantic comedy
You're welcome
Are you referring to A Christmas Carol because it is a Christmas Carol written by Charles Dickens?
Yes, he is a great actor. Did you know he produced the Christmas Carol?
Yes, The Black Cat is a great movie. I think you'd like it.
Yes. Fingersmith has a great writing style.
You're welcome.
The Philadelphia Eagles are a professional American football franchise based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Yes they were bothdrafted to the New England Patriots.
Yes and he was the drafter for the Eagles in 2009.
I did not know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure! Watership Down is a Speculative Fiction book written by Amy Tan. Do you like Speculative fiction?
Yes, it's a great example of speculative fiction.
Yes, it is considered children's literature as well as speculative fiction.
I don't know much about them. Are they part of the National Football League?
They play again in the XXXVIII.
Yes they have a good chance. I would say the Tennessee Titans are one of the best teams in the league.
Sure. Brad Pitt wrote the action film Troy, which is a drama. Do you like Brad Pitt?
I like historical fiction films like City of Ember, City of Ember, and City of Ember.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
Sure, I'll add it to your library.
Yes, Return of the Jedi stars Chris Evans. Do you like his movies?
Then you might like Return of the Jedi as it is a sci-fi movie.
It's a great movie starring Kristen Dunst and Catherine Zeta-Jones.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, 50/50 is a Romance Film released in 1995. Do you like Romance films?
Yes, he was in both. It's a romantic comedy.
I'm sorry, I don't have anymore information on that show.
Do you like Romance or Historical Fiction?
Nicholas Sparks is the author of Last Song.
Yes, it's a children's book. It's a very popular book for teens.
He is a football player, and married to Gisele Bundchen.
Well, enjoy them too!
Yes, I agree. I loved him in Couples Retreat. Have you seen it?
Aliens is a sci-fi movie. Would you like similar sci-fi recommendations?
Volcano was directed by Roland Emmerich and has a great cast. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Tommy Lee Jones starred in the sci-fi film, Adventureland. Have you seen it?
Yes he was in Dante's Peak too.
Enjoy!
I would. Eric Stolen starred in this movie. It's a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
He has also starred in Wreck-it Ralph and The Final Destination.
Great, you can try Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee.
Sure! Leonard Nimoy starred in Star Trek
Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home is a science fiction. Would you like more information about Walter Koeing?
The Voyage Home starred Walter Koeing and Jake Gyllenhaal. It is a Science fiction film.
You're welcome!
Have a great day!
I can recommend a movie Chaos, it is thriller. Have you seen it?
I haven't seen it yet, but I've heard it's a good one. It's a great!
Your welcome.
Cesc Fabregas is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Premier League club Chelsea and the Spain National Football Team.
I don't know much about American Football. Are you a American Football fan?
I don't know much about him either. I heard he won the 2008 PGA Championship.
I don't really know much about them. I'm more of a baseball fan.
Yes, he is a point guard. I don't know much about him. I do know he is from the United States.
Yes, he did
Yes it is a great movie starring Kevin Spacey and J.K. Simmons. It's a great Thriller.
I'm not sure who starred in The Prestige but I know it was directed by Jonathan Nolan.
Yes, I have watched Wild at Heart and Transormers. Are you a fan?
Yes, he is a composer/DJ. Some of his work is Where Have You Been and It's a Wonderful Life.
Rita Ora is a dance pop artist. She is a drummer, lyracist, composer and screenwriter.
You're welcome!
Yes. Adam Brown starred in the Hobbit series. Do you like fantasy genre?
Then you might also like The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers or the Watchmen. Have you seen any of these?
Great. Is there anything I can help you with?
ok
Happy to help.
I think he plays basketball as a shooting guard. He was born here in LA.
Yes, he's pretty good. I saw him in the movie Space Jam.
Yes, he is the one who plays for the Los Angeles Lakers.
That was a great movie. Are you a Harrison Ford fan?
Sure! He also starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade.
Yes The Death and Life of Bobby Z is the same movie
Your welcome
Crescendo is a young adult fiction book written by Francis Ford Coppola.
She also wrote Silence and Hush, Hush. Have you read them?
Yes, you will enjoy them.
Sure The Maze Runner is a young adult fiction movie. Do you like that genre?
The Scorch Trails is a young adult fiction movie. The Scorch Trails is a young adult fiction movie. Do you like young adult fiction?
You are welcome.
Sure. Jake Gyllenhaal wrote Ender's Game. Do you like his work?
Yes, The Prince of Persia is a Crime, Drama, and Thriller. Which genre are you interested in?
Yes, The Day After Tomorrow is a great movie starring Meryl Streep and Jeff Bridges. It is a drama and crime movie.
Yes, he directed friends with Benefits. Justin Timberlake starred in it.
Annie stars Tika Sumpter and Thomas Lennon
I don't have any information on any other films he has starred in either.
Sure! Do you like The Notebook because it's romance?
Yes, he was a romantic novelist who wrote Message in a Bottle was released in 2003.
Yes, the author of The Notebook is Nicholas Sparks. He was born in Message in a Bottle.
Yes, it was written by Nicholas Sparks and was released in 1996 in English.
That is correct. Prince of Tide was written by James Patterson.
You're welcome!
Sure! Twilight: The Complete Illustrated Movie Companion is written by Nick Cassavetes and stars Jon Favreau. It's a great Thriller.
It's a romance novel that was released in 2002.
You're welcome!
Good in Bed is written by Nicholas Sparks who also wrote Little Lord Fauntleroy
Yes, he wrote The Crucible and All My Sons have you seen those?
Yes, he did. The Crucible is written by Christopher Bigsby
Yes, he also wrote The Crucible, The Invisible Man, The Book of Mormon. Do any of those sound interesting?
You're very welcome!
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football franchise based in Denver Broncos.
Yes. They're a Super Bowl XXXVIII. Their coach is John Fox.
They are looking for a team in the NFC North and lost to the Pats today. They are doing well in the Super Bowl this year.
Lolita wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jackyll and Mr. Hyde.
It was released in 2012 and is a thriller
Great, enjoy
You are welcome.
Yes, I have heard of him. Did you know he starred in Friends with Benefits?
Yes, Jessica Biel also starred in The Social Network.
No, but I heard it's very funny. Kevin Spacey also starred in it.
Both are written by J.K. Rowling. They are a young-adult fiction book. Have you read the whole Harry Potter series?
Have you read anything by J.K. Rowling? She also wrote The Casual Vacancy, The Silkworm, and The Silkworm.
It was released in 2013, the same year as The Casual Vacancy.
Sure, a couple of good autobiographies that you might enjoy are The Return of the King or The Titan's Curse.
Of course, it was released in 1961 and was the second of the infamous, National Lampoon, published in 1961.
It was written by J.K. Rowling. It's a great children's book.
The Casual Vacancy was also written by J.K. Rowling.
I'm not sure but it was released in English.
I'm showing that the book is in English.
I dont have that information, but  1.  1 is written in English.
You're welcome.
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Would you like more recommendations?
Karim Benzema plays for the France national football team.
Is he a Basketball player?
I have watched it and I love reality TV shows.
I love reality TV! I've watched several shows like High School Musical and Camp Rock.
Yes, he is one of my favorites.
Inception is starring Michael Gaston. Would you like to know who starred in this movie?
Yes. Anne-Marie Duff stars in it as well.
Enigma is a drama film released in 2011. Would you also like to watch it?
Sure, enjoy!
Rob Reiner is an author and he wrote This Is Spinal Tap.
He also directed the Indie film X-Men: First Class. Have you seen it?
He has produced The Fault in Our Stars which was produced by Steve Tisch and directed by Rob Reiner.
Your welcome.
Yes, Jamie Ford wrote Songs of Willow Frost. Have you read it?
They both are fiction.
You're welcome!
I agree! She starred in Spring Breakers and Ramona and Beezus.
I'm not sure who starred in that movie, but Selena Gomez was also in Spring Breakers.
It's a really good one. I think you'd enjoy it.
Do you like Michael Parks because he is an actor?
Yes, they did. The Sox beat the Red Sox in the 1986 World Series. They were runner up in the 1986 & 1986 World Series.
I am a baseball fan. My favorite team is the Dodgers. How about you?
I believe the Boston Red Sox beat the Sox in the National League East, but my team is a Red Sox fan. My team is the Baltimore Ravens.
I think he is a great golfer, do you follow golf?
He won the 2005 PGA Championship, the year that he played.
That's right. Phil Mickelson is a former golfer. He has won several awards over his years in the sport.
Yes, The Hurt Locker stars Bruce Willis and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes he did, he also starred in Thor as well.
Sure. The Heart Is Decet When You're Expecting is a science fiction film written by Veronica Roth.
Sure, added to your list.
I think the Arizona Cardinals are a football team in the NFC West division.
They moved to Arizona from New Orleans to the New Orleans Pelicans.
Not really a fan of college.
He is a professional footballer who plays as a forward for the Argentina national football team.
I don't know much about soccer, but I heard he plays the forward position. He's good.
I really don't really know much about it either. My favorite team is the Redskins
I'm sorry, I don't have the information for the genre for the book.
I don't know any other books by Debora Smith but I can tell you that she wrote .
Yes, it is written in English and written in English.
Yes, Along Came a Spider is a comic book. Have you read it?
Yes it is! Along Came a Spider is also a thriller.
It is written by J.J. Abrams and was released in 2012.
You're welcome!
Yes, I do the movie Atonement is written by Ian McEwan and stars Thomas Lennon.
Then I recommend Annie Hall if you haven't seen it.
Have you heard of Apocalypse Now? It is considered a tragedy.
Sure, he wrote Jurassic Park, Jurassic Park, and Jurassic Park.
Sure, you might also like X-Men Origins: Wolverine, or X-Men: First Class.
Sure, some of the actors were in this film include Mark Wahlberg, Justin Timberlake, and Sara Shepard.
You're welcome!
Sure! Do you like books written by Lisa See or the genre?
It's considered children's literature and fiction.
It's definitely a good one!
I don't know much about her other than she plays badminton. Are you a big fan?
Yes, that is true. Did you know the London 2012 Summer Olympics ?
Yes it is. The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet is also a Princess of Denmark.
I agree. Romeo and Juliet is a favorite of mine. My favorite is A Midsummer Night's Dream
Yes, she did. She also wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream.
Sense and Sensibility is a romance novel written by Jane Austen. Do you like Jane Austen?
Yes Sense and Sensibility was also written by Jane Austen
I think he's a great artist and actor. Did you know he starred in Desperado?
Yes, Anna Kournikova is a great actress.
Yes, I like dance music. I think I'd like to watch it.
The Aviator is starring Leonardo DiCaprio and Frances Conroy. Are you familiar with his work?
It also stars Leonardo DiCaprio, who is a great actor.
He also starred in the movie Apocalypse Now. That is a great movie.
No problem!
He directed School Daze, starring Kasi Lemmons. Have you seen it?
Yes, Jennifer Esposito is in the movie. It's a drama.
You're welcome.
She wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read either ?
The Swan Thieves is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
I don't know too much about the Historians
You got it, sending it to your screen now
Yes, he is an athlete that plays golf. Do you like golf?
thats true. do you know any other sports?
i think so. have you heard of any tennis players?
that is a great sport to watch. my favorite team is the Lakers
i love live! how about you?
i love the Dallas Cowboys. who is your fav player?
The Atlanta Falcons are a professional American football franchise based in Atlanta, Georgia.
The Georgia Dome is a midfielder with the Minnesota Vikings.
Yeah, the Dallas Cowboys are my team too. They are in the NFC East division.
She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Elie Wiesel.
I do, it was released in 1958 and is a Speculative Fiction.
Yes, The Man in Havana was a great book released in 1958.
Ethan Suplee starred in Vulgar
He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Resident Evil: Apocalypse.
Yes. William Scott starred in this movie.
You're welcome!
I don't have any facts about them except that they play Coldplay.
Yes, they are. Gwyneth Paltrow has quite a few records.
I believe Coldplay is a country music studio.
You're welcome!
Not really, I am a Patriots fan. Are you a Patriots fan?
Yes, it is. Do you like any other sports?
Oh, I know it's playing the Red Skins today.
Oh wow! He was very good in that movie.
Terry George directed Hotel Rwanda, starring Sophie Okonedo.
He also directed Horton Hears a Who!
That movie is a drama.
Enjoy!
Sure! Beatrix Potter wrote The Tale of Peter Rabbit.
I believe it was released in 2001.
Yes. It is a children's literature. He is also a teacher.
You're welcome!
Sure, it was written by X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and stars Hugh Jackman.
He has also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
Turbo is an action/adventure film that I recommend.
It is a Turbo movie. Would you like to know more about it?
The Proposal is a romantic comedy.
It was written by Tim Burton as well as Alice in Wonderland. Have you seen it?
He also wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. What else can I do for you?
Great! Anything else I can help you with today?
You are welcome. Goodbye.
The Incredibles is written by Brad Bird. Brad Bird starred in Ratatouille. What else can I do for you?
Then you might like The Portable Atheist or The Big Lebowski.
I'm not sure who else starred in Ratatouille, but I think the movie was directed by Christopher Bigsby.
Yes, he plays professional basketball as a point guard for the Denver Broncos
I don't know much about it, is it a basketball movie? What about you?
I don't watch much football but my cousins in Philadelphia is a big football fan.
I like basketball. I'm a NY Giants fan.
I've heard that the Boston Red Sox are one of the best teams in the league.
Yes, it is a great movie starring Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie Pitt.
Yes, she is a really talented singer. I like her in A Walk to Remember. Do you like her?
I haven't heard much of her music. Is it good?
Yes, I like dance music. I think she is a good judge.
I like Heavy metal and rock as well.
Hot Fuzz is a Romantic Comedy starring Jim Carrey. Would you like to know more about that?
Sure! Do you like Shooter because it's a crime fiction movie?
Shark Night is another movie written by Stephen Hunter. It stars Katharine McPhee.
Sure, Rum Diary stars Matt Damon and is a great movie. It was directed by Chris Weitz.
You're welcome!
I don't really know much about him other than he plays golf. Do you like golf?
Yes, he is from Dallas and plays golf. Do you like golf?
I haven't played much in the past two years and I like golf more. Do you like golf?
Serenity is starring Natalie Portman and is a great movie.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
I'm not sure, but it's also a horror film.
You're welcome.
Yes, he is the director of The Gondy. Are you a fan of his?
Be Kind Remind starred Roger Rees and Marlon Brando.
I love them! I also like Adam Levine. Do you know him?
I like their song Mostly Harmless. Do you like them?
Oh, I haven't heard it yet, but I've heard they're very good.
Yes, I am a big fan of his. Did you know he starred in Men in Black 3?
Yes, Diana Ross is a talented actress.
That's a good one too!
He plays in the Argentina national football team.
I am not a big Manchester fan but I know he is a Manchester United F.C. soccer player.
Yes, he's a very popular player in the world.
Sure, Shrek stars Mike Myers and Rupert Everett. Do either of those actors sound interesting?
Are you a fan of thrillers, or do you like thrillers?
Jason Bateman stars in this movie.
You're welcome.
Sure! Lea Thompson starred in The Wild Life and The Wild Life. Have you seen those?
I don't have any information on who starred in the Wild Life. Can I help you with anything else?
Randy Quaid starred in Wild Life. He was also in Little Rascals.
She wrote Silence and Hush, Hush. Have you read either?
Sorry, I don't see any other books by her.
Hush hush is a fantasy book. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
I am not sure who directed it, but I do know it was written by Nick Cassavetes
He also directed X-Men 2 and World War Z. Have you seen those?
I'm not sure who starred in that movie, but I do know it was written by Simon Wincer
You're welcome!
Gore Verbinski wrote Rango, a popular western film starring Johnny Depp. Do you like Johnny Depp?
Rango is a Crime Thriller film released in 2003.
Yes, Rango is an action film. Do you like action films?
Your welcome!
I'm unsure if you like action/adventure films. Would you like to watch those?
I don't have that information right now.
You are welcome.
I'm sorry, I don't have any recommendations for any new blockbuster movies.
She wrote A Little Princess, which is a great book.
The Tale of the Body Thief is written by Rick Riordan. It's a great children's literature.
The Vampire Chronicles is a great book!
Sure! The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins who also wrote Gregor and the Marks of Secret. Have you read that one yet?
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome.
I know she wrote Mansfield Park, it was released in 1987. Have you read it?
Mansfield Park is an Speculative Fiction.
Mansfield Park is a romance novel. Would you like to know about other romance novels?
I love murder mystery as well!
Yvonne Zima starred in Murder on the Orient Express.
Yes, he has written some great books, would you like to know about any of them?
I believe that it's a historical novel.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Les visiteurs and Amelie are good ones. Have you seen these?
Sure, it was released in French and is a romance film.
You're welcome.
I don't know any of his recent songs. But I do know he is a good singer though. Do you like him?
Yes, he is from Leesburg.
Yes, he has won several awards over his years in Nashville.
Marlon Brando starred in The Young Lions and The Wild One. Have you seen them?
Great, Viva Zapata is a very talented actor who starred in many movies such as The Bourne Legacy, Apocalypse, and White House Down.
Viva Zapata is a drama, film and drama. I'd recommend it. It's a very good movie.
I don't know much about him. I do know he's a basketball player and plays the Golden State Warriors.
Yes, I am a basketball fan. I enjoy watching the Warriors play the Golden State Warriors.
Yes, he won NBA Rookie Team
Yes he did
Mervryn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was the original tale.
He has also written The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Sure, he wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that?
Gina Torres also starred in Machine Gun McCain. She was also in The Good, The Bad and the Ugly.
Yes she was in that movie as well
You're welcome!
I don't have any information on any of the songs. However, I can tell you that the only drink I know is Vanilla Sky. Have you heard of it?
I don't know much about it, but another movie he starred in would you like to hear about other movies he's starred in?
Yes, he also starred in The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants 2.
Ok. Glad to be of assistance.
I don't know much about her, but I do know she starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
The sequel to The Dark Knight is Batman Begins.
Have you seen the sequel, The Prestige? It's a very popular crime movie.
The Sword in the Stone is a good adventure movie. Have you seen it?
I dont have that information but i can tell you it was written by John Travolta.
I hope you enjoy it.
The Blue Castle, Rilla of Ingleside, and The Blue Castle are some of his works. Have you read any of these?
The Blue Castle came out in 1986.
The Stone of Tears came out in 1926.
Sure, Christopher Meloni starred in We Bought a Zoo and The Godfather. Have you seen those?
Then you'll like Gone Girl. It's an excellent romance film.
I'm not sure who else stars in it, but Christopher Meloni also stars in Young Frankenstein.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Stephen King.
Yes, he did. Would you like to hear about other movies he stars in?
I haven't seen horror movies like The Mist, The Lawnmower Man, and The Green Mile.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
He is a musician who composed the songs Night of Your Life, Love is Gone and Wild Ones. Have you heard any of those?
Yes, he is a very talented person. He has won the MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year.
I like the song he is a great performer. What is your favorite artist?
Yes, he is very talented. He has a good record label.
Sure! The Interview was written by Cyrus Norwrasteh which also directed The Young Messiah.
Sure it's a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
i hope you enjoy it. have a good day
You are very welcome.
Yes, it is a great comedy. Do you like it because it's a comedy?
It came out in 2010 and stars Steve Carell.
I don't have any information on that, but I do know Judd Apatow also starred in Funny People.
You're welcome!
I believe he is a football player. I don't know much about him.
Yes that is correct. Is that a sport you like?
I don't really know much about American football.
I don't know much about Ryan Griggs other than he plays Midfielder.
I don't know much about him other than he's a football player. Do you like him?
It's a romance and comedy film
Yes he did, he directed the movie The Manchurian Candidate.
Sure, she was influenced by Kate Winslet, did you know she was also a teacher?
He was influenced by J.K. Rowling, who is also a model.
Yes, he is from the United States.
Yes, she starred in The Poisonwood Bible and The Lacuna.
It's a great one to read. It's a great historical fiction.
Zoe's Tale is a science fiction novel released in 1985 and was written by John Scalzi.
You're welcome.
I think she is a great singer and actress. She starred in Camp Rock and Princess Protection Program.
Yes, he did. Larry Crowne is a romantic comedy and Julia Roberts is an all-star cast.
I'm not sure if they are in it, but I can tell you Ashton Kutcher also starred in Ace Ventura: Pet Detective.
Dead to the World was written by Charlaine Harris. Do you like Charlize Theron?
Then I recommend Dead to the World. It's a great read.
Sure! It was written by Charlaine Harris and has a genre Speculative fiction and was released in 2007.
You're welcome!
Sure, Quantum of Solace is a Psychological Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Skyfall is a action adventure film
It stars Xander Berkeley, Michael Fassbender, and Ben Stiller
Sure, I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about them. I know they were the runner ups to many Super Bowls.
Oh, I heard they won the Super Bowl XLVII, did you know that?
Yes, the Steelers were the runner up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
The Usual Suspects is a Thriller starring Kevin Spacey, Kevin Spacey, and Kevin Spacey. Do you like Thrillers?
I do like thrillers. Have you seen Shark Night? It is a thriller.
Yes, I have seen that movie. It is a great movie.
I do like hip hop. I also like Selena Gomez.
I like rock as well. Do you have a favorite band?
Yes, Zipper was released in 2013 and also released that year.
Yes, it was written by John Green and is Young-adult fiction.
Yes, that is also Young-adult fiction.
You are welcome.
I know it's a martial arts film, but I haven't seen it.
Olivia Wilde also starred in Year One with Jeff Bridges
That is a great film! Would you like more information about any other films he stars in?
You're welcome!
Frank McCourt wrote Teacher Man. Have you read it?
It's a football team in the American Football Hall of Fame.
I really don't know much about them, except for some reason it's fun to watch.
You're welcome!
Do you like action/adventure films?
The Young Messiah is a good one.
It came out in 2013.
You're welcome
Yes, it's a great speculative fiction book written by Charles Dickens. Are you a fan of his?
She has a great voice. I think she is friends with Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez.
Yes, I love that movie too. Did you know Sam & Cat was written by John Scalzi?
That's right. I don't really know anything about her. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's right. She passed away in April of 2015 and she starred in The Good Doctor.
I'm sure you'll like it
The Hobbit was released in 2001 and is a great book.
The next book in the series is Lord of the Flies.
The Rock was released in 1996 and directed by Steven Spielberg. Have you seen him in Men in Black 3?
Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt. It is a great movie.
Yes, I believe it was released in 2011.
Yes, he plays for the Colombia national football team. He is a midfielder and forward as well.
Not really, I am more of a Pittsburgh Steelers fan.
Yes he plays the position of forward.
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski and stars Keanu Reeves and Laurence Fishburne.
The Golden Compass is a good fantasy movie. It is also a great movie.
Can I help you with anything else?
Harold Ramis wrote Groundhog Day which stars Bill Murray. Have you seen it?
It stars Matt Damon and Josh Brolin. Do you like any of them?
Yes, Groundhog Day is a romantic comedy film starring Bill Murray and is a romance film.
I sure can, she starred in quite a few films like Kill Bill Vol. 1 and 2.
The Sky Crawlers came out in 2002. Do you like horror films?
The Sky Crawlers was released in 2003 and also stars Sam Elliott, Tamala Jones and Sam Elliott.
The Great Yokai War starred Charlize Theron and Julia Roberts.
Sure, play it for you.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books, would you like to know other books in the series?
W.W. Denlow also wrote Oz's Wizard of Oz, a children's fantasy novel.
You're welcome!
I haven't heard much of her music. Isn't she a great songwriter too?
No, I haven't heard that one. What is the genre of electronic dance music?
She's from Nashville too! I think you'd enjoy her music.
He also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's a crime fiction. Have you read that?
I'm not sure who starred in it, but it was released in 1982.
Breakfast at Tiffany's starred Kevin Corrigan and Frank Grillo
I don't know much about him. But I do know he's an author who wrote the Social Network.
Sure! He starred in the movie The Fault in Our Stars. Have you heard of it?
It is a Crime and Drama film.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on anything else he has directed.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
I think he wrote The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary and The Ugly Truth. Have you read them?
The Ugly Truth Now is a Speculative Fiction, a Romance Novel. Have you read this one yet?
It was released in 2010
your welcome
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Minnesota Timberwolves. Do you like him?
I don't know what position he plays, but I know he was from the United States.
I'm a huge basketball fan. Anything else I can help you with?
They're in the National League East, and I like their mascot Mr. Met. Do you like them?
That's right! Do you know their home venue is the Mets?
I like the Washington Red Sox, and Washington Red Sox are my team! How about you?
I think he is a great football player, he plays on the Mexico national football team
Yes, he plays for the Mexico National Football Team.
I'm more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan.
Stephen Sommers wrote Van Helsing a thriller. Would you like to hear more about that?
The Mummy Returns has a genre Thriller and Drama. Do you like Thrillers?
The Mummy Returns stars Anthony Heald, who also stars in this movie. If you're looking for more fantasy, this's a great choice.
Yes, it's a great movie in that fantasy genre.
Sure, enjoy!
Do you like Trainspotting because it's a Thriller?
Great! I think you may really enjoy the Indie Film, Van Helsing if you haven't seen it.
Then you might really like The Fault in Our Stars starring Shirley Henderson
I don't really know much about it, but I do know it was written by Roland Emmerich and it is a Speculative Fiction.
You might also enjoy the movie X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
Pound of Flesh stars Keanu Reeves and Anthony Hopkins. It's a great movie.
You're welcome.
Sure, he wrote Tempted, Revealed, and Revealed.
Young adult fiction is great! Some other books include Tempted, Revealed, and Revealed.
Yes it is. It's also part of the series The Lord of the Rings.
Sure! Other books in the series include Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth. They are both young adult fiction.
Great, enjoy!
Sure! For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway. Would you like to know more about this book?
Islands in the Stream is a Thriller.
Tolls is a romance, similar to For Whom the Bell Tolls.
You're welcome.
I don't really know much about them. I do know they were the runner up in Super Bowl XXXVIII. Do you like them?
I think they'll play in the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
The wife, Joaquin Phoenix, is his wife.
Do you like it because it's a crime movie?
Its a great movie. Peter Craig also wrote Cat on a Hot Tin Roof.
Yes. Eli Craig directed it.
Sounds good.
Sure! Other movies in the same genre are Fifty Shades of Grey and Fifty Shades of Grey.
have you seen the movie True Lies?
It is a great movie starring Ryan Reynolds, Mark Wahlberg and Kevin Zegers.
I am not sure but I can tell you that he also directed The Goonies
I think Katy Perry is a great artist. I really like his song Hot n Cold.
No, I did not know that. That is a great movie.
Yes, Russel Brand was in that movie. He was a voice actor in Zookeeper.
Starring Thomas Lennon. Have you seen it?
Yes, he's a great actor. He also starred in The Mask and Silent Moves. Have you seen those?
Yes! Did you know that one was directed by Roland Emmerich and he also produced The Secret Life of Bees?
Oh yes! It's a great movie. It starred Meryl Streep and Anne Hathaway.
I don't have any information on other movies with Merryl Streep, but he starred in The Devils Wears Prada.
I do. The Guardian Brothers is a great movie starring Kate Winslet
You're welcome
peter has starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
It's a sci-fi film.
The most popular movie in this genre is The Matrix Revolutions and The Cider House Rules.
The main lead in this movie is Jennifer Lawrence.
You're welcome.
He wrote Therese Raquin. It is a speculative fiction.
Yes, it was co-written by Thomas E. Connolly and released in 1850.
You're welcome.
I haven't seen it but I know it was written by Sean Penn. Do you like Sean Penn?
Yes, I believe he is a writer.
You're welcome!
Yes I do. It stars Johnny Depp and David Kelly. Do you like Johnny Depp?
Yes, The Rum Diary is a good one for you. It's a children's speculative fiction.
You're welcome!
Sure! Robin Hobb wrote The Dragon Keeper, The Dragon Keeper, and The Dragon Keeper. Have you read any of these?
Have you read The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars?
Sure! Other books in the Fantasy genre include The Golden Compass and The Looking Glass Wars. Have you read those?
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Importance of Being Earnest. Have you read any of these?
Yes, it's more of a children's literature. Dorian Gray is also a gothic novel as well.
I'm not sure what year it came out.
You're welcome!
Yes! It was written by Sarah J. Maas and released in 2012. It was directed by Sarah J. Maas.
Yes, it was released in 2014. Sarah J Maas also wrote The Assassin and the Desert.
Sure there is The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie written by Sarah J Maas
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy them.
Sure, Jennifer Ehle starred in Zero Dark Thirty, Taking Chance, Salt and Million Dollar Baby. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, Mark Boal wrote Mark Boal as well.
Great, I'll add Jessica Chastain to your must watch list.
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Colombia National Football team. Do you like him?
I don't really know much about him. I think he plays for the Colombia national football team.
Haha, too! She's from Columbia, too.
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory stars Johnny Depp. Do you like Thrillers?
He also wrote James and the Giant Peach. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. What is yours?
I like the Dallas Cowboys and Washington Redskins. How about you?
I don't know much about them - what is their coach?
I don't really follow soccer, but I do know he plays the Manchester United F.C. team.
I like football and baseball. What about you?
That's right. I think he was a great coach.
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People is a self-help book, written by Rhonda Byrne. Would you like to hear more books by this author?
He has also written SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling, Patriotic Prostitutes,
What Looks Like Crazy on an Ordinary Day was also released in 1989
Can I help you with anything else?
It's a good movie. It was directed by Guillermo del Toro. Have you seen it?
Yes Charlie and the Choocolate Factory is a great family movie. Do you like family movies?
Yes, the Pirates of the Caribbean: At the World's End is a great movie.
He is one of the most important actor in the movie, The Rum Diary have you seen it?
Yes, it was written by Lawrence Hauben starring Scatman Crothers. It is a Drama released in 1975.
He also directed The Manchurian Candidate which was a great one!
Great, I would recommend Prefontaine if you liked that.
Well, for one, I would recommend The World According to Garp. It's a great choice.
You're very welcome!
Yes, she wrote Winter's Bone and Last Night at the Museum. Have you read either of those ?
It's a young-adult novel. It's considered a satire.
Enjoy!
Yes, I love the song Yellow Submarine.
That is true. Did you know Paul McCartney is from Philadelphia?
Yes, he is.
I believe he plays for the Cleveland Cavaliers.
Yes, Larry Bird won that award too!
Yes, I believe he was from the United States.
The Island was directed by Robert Louis Stevenson. He also directed Bloody Sunday. Have you seen that one?
Sure, have you seen Zombieland, X-Men 2 or World War Z?
It's a good one. It stars Rob Campbell and Jason Bateman.
You're welcome.
Sure, he starred in the action film Harsh Times. Have you seen it?
Yes, it was a great Thriller.
The film is a Crime Thriller and it stars Christian Bale.
You're welcome.
Yes, it was written by Rick Riordan and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure, it was written by Philip Pullman and it is fantasy
you are welcome
He is a professional footballer who plays as a forward for LA Galaxy.
Yes, the Argentina national football team is a midfielder and forward.
I like the Dallas Cowboys, do you know any other sports?
Yes, I can. He wrote You've Been Warned as well as a few others. Have you read any of these?
yes it was in English
Waiting for the Barbarians was a great book.
Thank you for all the information.
I don't know much about them except they are owned by Leslie Alexander. Are they a good team?
I'm more of a basketball fan. But, I like the Dallas Cowboys better. How about you?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are in the United States of America.
He wrote Candide and The Assassin's Blade.
It was released in the year 1904 and is a musical theater.
I'm having trouble finding any recommendations. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome.
Sure. How about Alice's Adventures in Wonderland?
He also wrote The Tao of Pooh and The House at Pooh Corner.
You're very welcome.
I don't know much about him other than he plays football. Do you like football?
Yes, he is
Yes it is in that place too.
I don't know much other than they're a soccer team. Do you watch soccer?
Yes, he plays for the Spain national football team.
Yes, he's a great player in the league.
Divergent is a young-adult fiction book. Do you like books in that genre?
You might like The Looking Glass Wars and The Golden Compass.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Pulp Fiction was released in 1994 and is a crime fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, I can. John Travolta also starred in Zombieland.
Sure. Enjoy!
Yes, he is a Colombian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Barcelona and the Brazil national team.
It's a children's novel.
Not at this time. However, Marina was released in 2013.
I'm not sure. But it was released in 2005.
I'm not sure.
No problem.
I don't really know much about baseball, I'm a baseball fan. My favorite team is the Dodgers.
They actually did! The Mets have a pretty good season. They won the 1986 World Series.
Yes. The Mets play in the National League East and also play in the National League East.
I think the Tennessee Titans is a good team.
Yes, he was born in Los Angeles and plays for the New York Jets.
Yes, Christian Bale is my favorite player. What is yours?
Sure. It was written by Saulius Dagys.
Yes, she wrote The Pillars of the Earth, have you read it?
I don't have that information but Trace is in English as well.
That's a great movie. It was released in 1999.
Yes, he is!
Sure. Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented is written by Tim Dolin and Thomas Hardy. It was released in 1891.
He was influenced by D'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented, and it was released in 1891.
It was released in 1891 and it's a Non-Fiction.
It was released in 1891 and it was written in English.
He starred in Animal Kingdom: Let's go with you
John Billingsley, Jeff Garlin, and Kristin Davis all starred in it.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure! She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie. Have you seen those?
Frances Conroy also starred in Les visiteurs. Have you seen it?
Yes, it's a film in French.
Yes, you're welcome!
Yes, he won the 2012 PGA Championship.
Yes, I believe he is from Northern Ireland.
Yes, he's from Northern Ireland, and is from Northern Ireland.
Sure! Do you like the movie because it's a sci-fi movie?
It is an action movie released in 1986. Do you like that genre?
Sure. The Island of Dr. Moreau has also starred in The Matrix Revolutions.
Okay, glad to be of service.
District 9 is a Sci-Fi movie written and directed by Terri Tatchell. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Great, I can add them to your list if you need more recommendations.
The Neon Demon stars Bruce Willis and is a Crime Thriller.
Sure thing! I hope you enjoy it!
She sung A Thousand Years and Lovestrong right?
Yes! He actually won the MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year.
I like a lot of different artists like Taylor Swift, Selena Gomez, and Selena Gomez.
I believe it was released in 2003.
The Dragonfly in Amber was written by Diana Gabaldon
Sure, you can try Zoe's Tale, Xenocide and Z for Zachariah.
Sure! He also wrote a book called A Walk to Remember. It's a historical novel that was made into a movie.
You're welcome!
Todd Phillips wrote The Hangover Part II and Old School, have you read them?
Have you seen Hangover Part II?
It is a great movie. enjoy
Sure. I'm a big basketball fan. Are you a basketball fan?
Yes it is a great movie starring Matt Damon and was released in 1845.
I haven't either but Hans Christian Andersen also wrote The Nightingale. Have you read it?
Yes she did! Winter Garden was released in 2014. I hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome!
He wrote II Principe
No, but I can tell you he wrote in English
Would you like me to add it to your reading list?
There are so many. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Up was written by Walt Disney Company and starred Jim Carrey. It was released in 2010.
I don't have any information on her other movies. However, she wrote the Pallbearer.
It is a drama.
The Family Movie starring Craig Ferguson is a good one
You're welcome!
The Houston Rockets are a professional American football franchise based in Houston, Texas.
Peyton Manning was the runner up in the Finals
I don't have much information on Hardaway but I can tell you that he was the runner up in the NBA Finals
Yes, he was also drafted to the Wales National Football team
The Gunslinger is written by Stephen King. Would you like to hear other books by him, or ones similar to that genre?
It was released in 2001 and is a thriller.
You're welcome!
Sure. Do you like Psychological thrillers?
That movie is a crime action film, similar to Fight Club.
I believe the production company of Zodiac is the producer
The Cleveland Browns are a professional American football franchise based in Cleveland, California.
I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan.
That's right. Randy Lerner is the owner of the Houston Texans.
That's right! It's in New York City and it's a National Football League.
He starred in 1Q84 movies. Have you seen it?
I don't know, but I do know he wrote another movie called First Things First
I'm not sure but i can tell you it was released in the year 2015
I am not sure but i can tell you he also wrote
You are welcome
Tuesdays with Morrie was written by Saulius Dagys.
I believe it is a Non-fiction book.
Sure. Saulius Dagys also wrote The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Cruso.
You're welcome.
Sure! Transformers: Dark of the Moon is a Sci-Fi movie similar to Transformers: Dark of the Moon.
Predators is a Sci-Fi Thriller similar to Transformers: Dark of the Moon.
Captain America: The Winter Soldier is a sci-fi movie
Insurgent is a Sci-fi film released in 2012.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Is it the book written by Bill Bryson?
Sure. He also wrote The Honk and Holler Opening Soon. Have you read them?
Yes. He also wrote The Crucible, Where the Heart Is
You're welcome
Nathan Lane starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen it?
I will have to check it out!
Yes, they both starred in Too Big to Fail, which is a comedy.
Yes, she was! She was in Too Big to Take, which is a comedy.
William Hurt starred in The Pallbearer, which is a drama.
Sure, F. Murray Abraham wrote Thir13en Ghosts, and The Grand Budapest Hotel. Have you read any of these?
Yes, if you like crime genre, you might like The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. It's a crime genre.
Yes, if you like science fiction I recommend X-Men The Last Stand.
Avengers: Age of Ultron stars Scarlett Johansson. Do you like the movie because it's a sci-fi?
Yes, Unbreakable stars Chris Hemsworth and is a comedy.
You're welcome
I think he is a really good basketball player. How about you?
I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. How about you?
My favorite team is the Washington Redskins. How about you?
I don't really know much but I do know they are coached by John Fox. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about the Seahawks. Are you a Seahawks fan?
I like the Patriots because they are my home team.
Yes, Outlander is a science fiction book written by James Cameron. Do you like science fiction?
If you liked Outlander, you might also enjoy The Scottish Prisoner or The Fiery Cross. They are both great Sci-Fi books.
X-Men: The Last Stand is also a great sci-fi.
You're welcome!
I have not, but I know it was written by Harper Lee
That's a great book. It was written by Harper Lee and released in 1960. Would you like to read it?
Then I would recommend The Passage if you haven't heard of it.
You're welcome.
They are a German football league right? I don't know much about soccer.
Well, it's the same as Liverpool in the Premier League East and he's a great coach.
He is a musician, musician, television producer, screenwriter, producer and television producer. He has a prolific voice.
Sure. One for the Money is written by Kirsten Smith. Would you like to hear more titles from her?
That was written by Meg Cabot. It's a romantic comedy.
Yes, it was. Stephenie Meyer also wrote The Chemist and The Chemist.
Yes, and it is written by Stephenie Meyer as well
Sure, have a great day
Inside Out is a crime fiction film starring Denzel Washington and Josh Brolin.
She also starred in Wreck-It Ralph.
It's a romantic comedy.
Great! Hope you enjoy it!
Great, enjoy!
Sure. Jeff Garlin starred in I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With, which also starred Jeff Garlin.
Yes, she starred in a television show called Women in Love.
She has been in quite a few shows like The Women of Brewster Place and the olympics like the Godfather series.
Sure! Ron Howard directed The Missing. It's a great movie. Have you seen it yet?
Sure, have you seen A Beautiful Mind, a Historical period drama?
Well, A Beautiful Mind was released in 1995. It was directed by Frank Beddor.
Yeah, he directed quite a few films. I am not sure of his other films.
Do you like the movie because it's a romance or because it's a drama?
He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Sure, Donnie Darko starred Charlize Theron. It's a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Yes, he did. Donnie Darko is a Science Fiction Film written by Richard Kelly.
Yes, The Box is a Thriller and Drama.
You might also enjoy the movie X-Men Origins: Wolverine. He was also in the film The Golden Compass.
You're welcome.
The Throne of Glass is written by Rick Riordan. He also wrote The Assassin and the Desert.
The Throne of Dawn is a fantasy
I can also recommend The Assassin's Blade.
Sure. Similar movies in the series include Unleashed, The Maze Runner, The World According to Garp, and The End of Watch.
Yes, Gothika is a comedy/drama that was released in 2002. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, Beatrice Sparks wrote Go Ask Alice.
It sure is. Do you like it because it's a drama?
You're welcome.
Sure! Do you like The Proposal because it's a drama?
She also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine.
All About Steve is a comedy action film.
You're welcome!
I don't really know if it's a good book but I do know that it was written by John Green. Are you a fan?
Yes, he wrote The Fault in Our Stars, Paper Towns, and Looking for Alaska. Have you read any of these?
Sure, it's a young adult fiction book.
You're welcome
Sure, Outlander is a Sci-Fi book like Outlander. If you like Outlander you might like Outlander.
That was released in 2010.
It is a science fiction book.
Eleanor & Park is a great book by Rainbow Rowell. Are you interested in Speculative fiction?
Yes, i believe so
Lola and the Boy Next Door is a drama
Your welcome.
Yes, he wrote Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. He also starred in the movie The Secret Life of Bees.
He also starred in the Wreck-It Ralph.
I don't know much about her other than that she's a Danish tennis player. Do you like her?
I like both Venus and Serena as well. Venus has a great chance. Venus has a great chance.
I'm guessing it's a comedy. It's a great comedy.
Sure. Zach Snyder wrote, directed, and starred in The Skulls. Have you seen that?
I don't have any information on that one, but I can tell you that it was directed by Steven D. Levitt and starred in it.
Sure, it is a comedy and a similar movie is The Manchurian Candidate.
Another comedy movie is The Manchurian Candidate. It's also science fiction.
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing, The Diviners and Rebel Angels, have you read them?
Then you'll like The Looking Glass Wars and The Golden Compass.
Yes, it's part of the Gemma Doyle series. It's a great children's literature.
Sure, I would recommend The Golden Compass, it's a great read.
You're welcome.
Rebecca was written by Daphne du maurier
My Cousin Rachel is a Non-fiction book.
I don't have that information. However, I do know it was written by Daphne du Maurier.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football franchise based in Denver Broncos.
Case Keenum was a former world No 1 in singles. He was a former world No 1 in singles. He was a former world No 1 in singles. He was a former world No 1 in singles with the Patriots.
Kevin Costner is their coach. He is a great quarterback.
I enjoy basketball. What is your favorite team?
Yes, he's a great player. He's a basketball player too. He was born in Denver.
Yes, he plays for the Spain National Football Team. Do you like soccer?
I am not sure, but I know he is a player on the Spain national football team.
Yes it is.
Sure! It's a great book. It was written by Madeleine L'Engle. Did you know it was part of the series?
The Wind in the Door is a Speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Great, you will like the next book in the series called Xenocide.
Yes it was. It was also written by Robert O'Brien.
I'm not really a fan of his. I just know he is friends with Selena Gomez.
My favorite song is Don't Go Breaking My Heart. What about you?
Yes. I haven't heard that one yet. Isn't he on that show at all?
Sure! Jules Feiffer wrote The Phantom Tollbooth which was released in 1999. Have you read it?
The Phantom Tollbooth is a fantasy novel and was released in 1984. It's the same year as the Harry Potter books and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Great, enjoy!
Great, have a great day.
I know he was born in Atlanta but plays quarterback for the Carolina Panthers. Do you like him?
The Wildcats are a professional American football team based in the Dallas Mavericks.
Yes, Woody is in the movie. He was also in Zombie Hunter.
Yes, Jean-Pierre Jeunet wrote Mimacs which is a French Crime Fiction piece.
Micmacs is a crime/adventure film. I'd recommend it if you like that genre.
I'm not sure who stars in Zulo but I can tell you it is a great Crime Fiction Film.
You are welcome.
It's written by Jay Asher and it's in the genre of young-adult fiction.
He has also written The Future of Us.
I don't have any information on that, but I can tell you that he will enjoy the book.
I don't have that information, but if he like him he will enjoy it.
Emma' is written by Emma McLaughlin and released in 1895.
Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility are great books by her.
It was released in 1817 and is one of the most popular romance novels in the world.
You're welcome.
Are you referring to Tony Gilroy who wrote Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix?
There is a sequel of Michael Clayton starring Tilda Swinton, which is a mystery.
The Red Violin stars Keanu Reeves and Josh Brolin. It has a genre Thriller.
Sure. I hope you enjoy the movie.
