Sure, do you prefer action or adventure films?
Well, there was one similar to that, called The Witch of Blackbird Pond, to name a few.
Yes, the Hitman's Bodyguard is a similar movie to Death Wish, would you like me to check it out?
Yes, The Hitman's Bodyguard is considered crime and drama. Do you like those genres?
I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, he wrote The Light Between Oceans which was released in 2012.
I heard she wrote The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian. Do you want a list of what she's written?
I believe it was released in 2012 and the genre is fantasy
You're welcome
There's Something About Mary starred Jim Carrey and was directed by Bobby Fischer. Would you like to know more about the movie?
She has starred in a few classics like There's Something About Mary, she's also in The Black Dahlia and Shelley Duvall
Did you know that Brad Pitt also starred in That Thing You Do?
It was written by Sarah Dessen and is young adult fiction genre. Do you like that genre?
no, she also wrote What Happened to Goodbye and Small Steps.
no, she did not. That is the same year The Moon and More was released.
no problem. I am glad that I could help.
Well since your asking of Don Cheadle, may I suggest The Guard?
It's considered a Romantic Comedy and a Crime Fiction Film. Do you like those genres?
Actually, Don Cheadle starred in The Guard as well as Don Cheadle. Do you like those movies?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
He plays cricket and was recently named Cricketer of the Year.
He is on the India national team, the Manchester United F.C. team. Do you like cricket?
Natlandandran Ashwin and Sandro Raniere are on the team. Do you like cricket?
Yes! Mike Newell directed Pushing Tin and Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time.
Pushing Tin is written by Robert Mark Kamen and Mike Newell.
You are welcome. Glad I could help.
You're welcome!
I think he is the best small forward of all time, he is an underrated athlete.
No, I don't really know him. Who is he your favorite basketball player?
I watch Basketball from time to time. How about you?
That's great. I watch American Football from time to time.
I do. I like Cam Newton, a Quarterback of Carolina Panthers.
Hot Fuzz is an animated film starring Jim Carrey. Are you interested in a fan of animated films?
Yes, you are correct. Do you want to know more about Simon Pegg?
No, it was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
He was in Count Dracula that also starred Louis Jourdan.
You might enjoy The Looking Glass Wars, The Golden Compass, or Bridesmaids. Would you like more suggestions?
You are very welcome. Hope you enjoy it!
Yes, that's a great movie. It stars Spike Jonze and Sean Penn. Do you like them?
Yes, I do. The Pledge has genre Thriller, so I like them.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Will do. Enjoy!
No problem. Enjoy!
I like him too, he directed many movies. Have you seen The Martian?
It was written by Meg Cabot and was released in 2006.
Al Pacino and Mia Sara also starred in this movie.
Here are two good ones: What My Mother Doesn't Know and Walk Two Moons.
No, it is a Horror film and yes it is written by Nicholas Sparks.
You're welcome.
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
William Directed The Hunted, The French Collection, and The Exorcist just to name a few.
The Hunted is a fantasy thriller. Do you like that genre?
The Devil and Father Amorth was released in 1999 and is a drama/mystery movie. Would you like to see it?
The Great Gatsby is a timeless classic! Are you interested in books about the American Dream, or would you prefer other works by F. Scott Fitzgerald?
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is a similar book.
Steven D. Levitt wrote that one as well. Do you like his work?
Do you like the book because it is a Romance or Fiction?
She also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass.
Certainly! Enjoy.
You're welcome!
Yes, Unforgiven starred Tom Waits and Jennifer Lawrence. Do you like them?
They are both Sci-Fi movies. Have you seen Iron Man 2?
Those are good ones. I haven't seen any other movies. What genre do you like?
Josh Hutcherson wrote The Kids Are All Right, and the entire Hunger Game series. Have you read them?
What of The Hunger Games: Catching Fire, it is the next book in the Hunger Games series.
Okay, enjoy!
Yeah, Madonna is an allstar singer. She starred in What's Your Number?, which is a comedy.
It's a classic. It was released in 1985 and is a very recent song.
I don't see anything else about him, but I do know he directed Snoop Dogg. He also starred in Song of Solomon which was good as well.
Not sure but I see a listing for an athlete in India for Cricket.
Yes, he did. I believe he is from India.
No problem!
Amy Poehler wrote Yes Please have you read this book?
The Muppets Series. what else can i do for you today?
The movie starred Lorne Michaels , she also starred in the movie. what else can i do for you today?
Tina Fey has written The Wedding Date. what else can i do for you today?
Are you talking about the soccer team? I don't know much about them.
I don't know much about them, I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I don't really know much about them, anything else I can help with?
Jonathan Levine directed The Wackness starring Mary Kate Olsen. It's a romantic comedy
Jane Adams also starred in X-Men: First Class which is also a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Yes. It was released in 2014.
No problem, anything else I can do for you?
He starred in Taken 2 and Taken 3. Have you seen those?
Colombiana stars Taken 3 and Olivier Megaton. Liam Neeson also starred in Taken 3.
Columbiana stars Taken 2 and Olivier Megaton. Is there anything else I can help with?
Enjoy!
Honestly, I don't really follow football so I don't know much about them. Who do you like?
I don't think it was their last season, but I do remember that Mike McCarthy had a role at the MetLife Stadium.
Agreed! Anything else I can help you with?
Sure! If you have watched all of the Iron Man movies, I would also recommend The Avengers: Age of Ultron.
I do, he starred in the show O.C
If you like that, you might also enjoy The Hunger Games. Have you seen that one?
Of course. He also wrote The Perfect Storm which is a really good movie.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
That one was written by Dean Koontz who also wrote The Odyssey.
It was written by Terry Pratchett. It's considered a classic!
The Lady in the Lake is a good one.
Have you read The Man in the Iron Mask or Rob Roy?
Have you read The Man in the Iron Mask or Rob Roy?
You're welcome
I think she is a great singer and song writer. Do you like her music?
I don't know much about dance pop, but I do know that she is a cartoonist and plays the piano. Do you like her music?
I like David Guetta. What genre are you interested in?
Of course! Something Borrowed has genres romance and drama. One of my favorites is Beowulf. Have you read that one?
Yes it was. 2012 was the year that released The Last Year.
I like thrillers. You may also like The Women of Brewster Place.
Can I help you with anything else?
Judd Apatow wrote the comedy film This is 40 as well as the romance movie Knocked Up
Groundhog Day was written by Edgar Allan Poe and was released in 1994.
He did! He was also in The Wicker Man with Jada Pinkett Smith.
He also directed Somewhere and Fog City Mavericks.
Sure, Groundhog Day is a comedy starring Tom Hanks and Julie Roberts
I'm sorry I don't have any information on that.
You're welcome!
I believe he is a composer and song writer.
At the Disco is a slasher movie. Do you like him?
Yes, he is great as well! My favorite would be The Disco.
That's a great song too, did you know he was a guitarist?
I heard There's Something About Mary is a good book, but i never read it. It is written by Bobby Farrelly
I heard they are good movies. Did you know Matt Dillion also starred in Zoolander?
It is a Romantic Comedy with Willie Garson and was produced by Steve Buscemi.
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society
Both books are in the same genre, historical fiction. Do you like historical fiction?
You're welcome. Anything else I can help with?
Have a great day!
George Orwell wrote it, and released it in 1945. Do you like his work?
He also wrote Nineteen Eighty-Four. Have you heard of that one?
Yes, her book The Temple of My Familiar is one of my favorites.
I believe it was released in 1943
I believe this is a drama
Your welcome
I sure do! Oldboy is a Thriller. Other movies in the same genre include Unleashed, To Kill a Mockingbird, and The Dead Man.
Ok, I'll have to check out one of the latest Avengers: Age of Ultron.
I'm not sure who stars in Lady Vengeance but it's a thriller starring Jane Austen.
She also stars in the X-Men series, Last Stand, X-Men series.
You're welcome!
My favorite from him is Hollywood Chinese. Do you like him?
He wrote The Ice Storm, The Skull and The Ice Storm.
Sure, he wrote The Man in the Iron Mask and Tales from a Strange Time.
I don't have information about Zsa Zsa Zsa Gabor, but I can tell you she was influenced by William Shakespeare.
It is a Crime Fiction. Would you like me to add it to your list?
Jurassic Park was written by Steven Spielberg. Its a speculative fiction novel.
Sequal is a Jurassic Park movie and it was released in 2006.
Yes, he did. Colin Terrow directed Jurassic World.
He's a pretty good golfer. Do you like him?
I don't follow golf that much. Do you like him?
Is that the movie written by Adam Sandler?
Do you like the author J.R.R Tolkien? He also wrote wrote Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth
I found The Golden Compass, The Looking Glass Wars, and The Golden Compass.
I believe so. The Silmarillion would be considered a fantasy, adventure, and a historical period drama.
Wes Craven wrote My Soul to Take which starred Jessica Hecht. Have you seen it?
I can recommend My Soul to Take, it is a horror Thriller and stars Morgan Freeman.
Awesome! I'll add it to your watch list!
The Lost World: Jurassic Park is a modern remake of the movie! Is this the genre you like?
Then you might enjoy The Land of the Unicorns or The Time Traveler's Wife.
I think you might like The Adjustment or The Revenant.
Sure! He starred in Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow. Have you seen those?
Surviving Picasso is American, Born: March 9, 1922. Anything else I can help you with?
He also starred in the movie The Devil's Advocate, have you heard of it?
The Little Prince would be considered a historical period drama and a fantasy.
No problem. Have a great day!
Hes great and has a wonderful wife in Gisele
I didn't know about that. Is it a comedy?
That's too bad. He was in it with Jodi Foster. He was also in The Mask of Zorro.
I definitely recommend Die Hard with a Vengeance, starring Bruce Willis.
You might also enjoy Hudson Hawk. It was written by Richard E. Grant. Have you seen it?
Yes he did and he also wrote Die Hard with a Vengeance too. Most of his films are written by him.
You will definitely enjoy A Good Day to Die Hard.
Alien is a series and Ridley Scott Directed the first. Have you read them?
World War Z with Brad Pitt is an excellent sci-fi movie. Also World War Z with Brad Pitt and White Fang. Have you seen those?
Bats was released in 2014 and stars Lukas Haas. It's a vampire movie.
You're welcome!
He directed the science fiction film Eraserhead.
Well, you might like The Terminator or The Mine, also. Have you seen those?
She sure did. If you like her, you might also enjoy The Godfather series.
Certainly! Enjoy them!
Alice Braga starred in The Rite and Repo Men
Repo Men is written by John Logan, he also wrote The Incredibles.
He is also a writer. He wrote The Perfect Score.
Sure! Brett Helquist wrote The Vile Village, The Slippery Slope, and The Reptile Room. Have you read any of these?
It is a mystery and suspense novel released in 2015
Sure, he was also an actor as well as a musician. He was born in London
Yes, I do. Do you enjoy him as an actor or singer?
Yes he does, he was also a musician and a musician.
I have not seen it but I know it was directed by Mark Johnson.
I'll send you a link for you. Enjoy!
Yes, he starred in Windtalkers, Tumbleweeds, and Tumbleweeds just to name a few. Have you seen any of those?
I can suggest The Manchurian Candidate or The Manchurian Candidate for both of those.
It has a great cast. It's a drama with Winona Ryder and Will Ferrell.
Glad I could help. Enjoy the movie.
He is one of the best soccer players in the world and plays for FC Barcelona when he's not playing for his national Argentina team.
Yeah, I do like to watch football. I like the San Diego Chargers. Did you see them play?
I haven't read that one too. I know it was written by William H. Macy and Therese Raquin.
Harry Potter and the cursed child is written by J.K. Rowling. It was released in 1988.
Jack Thorne wrote Harry Potter and the cursed Child, another fantasy movie you might like is The Silkworm.
I don't know much about them. Who are their key players?
They're play at the National Football League, and he also played a midfielder.
They are also part of the NFC West, have you been a fan?
Sure! Eoin Colfer wrote The Phantom Tollbooth which was a great book!
Yes, it was released in 2008, the same year The Lady Elizabeth was released.
I have not read that one, but I know it was released in 1974.
Yes, I think he is one of the best songwriters of all time. I like The Weeknd. Do you like him?
I like The Weeknd too. I think he should listen to it all. What's your favorite genre?
I'd say to check out One of his latest songs, That Was Then Came You, and This One Is Now.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure, he is a professional basketball player who plays as a point guard for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association.
I wouldn't know of any games coming up for them, but I do know they are part of the NBA.
That is a good question! Celtics won the Finals if you haven't win.
Yes, Christopher Nolan wrote The Dark Knight Rises, Memento, and Man of Steel.
He is a Russian author. His novel "Crime and Punishment" has been called the most famous novel of the time
Yes, рестуление и накаание is written in English.
Yes, you are right. Much like рестуление и накаание or диот?
You are welcome. Glad I could help.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books. The next in the series is The Marvelous Land of Oz.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a part of the series. The next in the series is The Marvelous Land of Oz.
I think you might enjoy The Golden Compass or Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Do either of those interest you?
You're very welcome. Enjoy the books!
Yes, he plays for the Germany national football team
He is a German soccer player who plays midfielder and forward.
Yes, you are right. He's a very good athlete as well.
Yes, it was written by Martin McDonagh and stars William H. Macy. Are you a fan of his work?
Sure! Do you like books written by George R.R. Martin?
Were you looking for something in the same genre or by the same author?
How about 'The Assassin's Blade'? It was also released in 2014, which was written by Sarah J. Maas
You're welcome!
Are you looking for any particular genre by him or one of the actors?
It sure does! It also stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet, it is considered a historical period drama and was released in 2010.
Titanic came out in 2007 and also stars Leonardo DiCaprio in Titanic.
You're welcome
Yes, I do. Did you know that she is a writer, author, and author?
You might enjoy Where Rainbows End or Wide Sargasso Sea. Have you read them?
Yes, it is considered a romance. Do you like romance novels?
She wrote The Hunger Games and Mockingjay.
I like Venus Williams too! I like her sister Serena better.
You mean the Tennis player?
Yes, she is a great female player.
She is a Korean professional Golfer born in Hawaii.
That's great. Did you know he's from Honolulu?
That's amazing! What other sports do you like to watch?
Do you like her work because she writes alot of different genres?
Reflected in You is a Thriller and was released in 2016. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, she did write Seven Years to Sin. Have you read that one?
Sure. Margaret Atwood has written many different books. Her most recent work is MaddAddam but she's also worked on a Graphic Novel by the name of Angel Catbird. What were you looking for?
The Handmaid Tale has genre Speculative fiction. Does that interest you?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Are you a fan of speculative fiction novels?
He is one of the best football players in the world. He played on the Uruguay national football team.
He also starred in "The Lion King" and "Who Framed Roger Rabbit".
It was released in 2016. Do you want me to add it to your list?
Of course! A few that come mind are "Tempted" and "Redeemed." Both are by the same author. Would you like to know more?
Tahereh Mafi wrote The Name of the Wind, The Slow Regard of Silent Things, and The Emperor's New Groove. Have you read any of these?
Yes, In 2014 was the year that released You Are Not So Smart was released.
It was released in 2014. It's a young-adult fiction novel.
Another fantasy novel you might enjoy is The Shadow of the Giant. It was released in 2014. Have you read that one?
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Wally Lamb wrote several books such as She's Come Undone and The Hour I First Believed. Do you like Fiction?
It was released in 2016. It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome. Enjoy your reading!
Sure. Marc Forster directed Finding Neverland and Finding Neverland. Are you interested in either of those?
Machine Gun Preacher is actually a war film and Finding Neverland is a fantasy.
Kiefer Sutherland is the star.
It came out in 1997 and is a drama/mystery.
Absolutely! Enjoy
You're welcome
Yes I do! He has written A Seperate Peace which is a young adult fiction novel. Do you enjoy young adult fiction?
It's a novel. Do you like novels?
Yes, the author of this book is Emile Durkheim.
Your welcome enjoy
The Waves is a book if you like the genre Reference. Have you read this?
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
Yes, Wuthering Heights is a great read.
Yes she does. She also wrote Mansfield Park as well.
Sure! Did you enjoy The Giver because it was written by Lois Lowry or because it is a dystopian fiction?
Cool, you may like The Lightning Thief or The Percy Jackson Series.
I hope you enjoy it.
Did you enjoy Fight Club because it is a drama?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But I can tell you that he's pretty good.
You're welcome.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix actually has a sequel called Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince. Another title in the same genre is The Queen of Attolia.
World Without End is a fantasy movie starring JK Rowling.
You're welcome. Glad I could help.
Mindy Kaling has a big resume. Her first claim to fame was starring in The Office.
It is a crime fiction novel that also stars Mindy Kaling.
I believe it's a comedy.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Aylmer wrote оскресение.
Anna Karenina also wrote она аренина.
You are welcome.
Sure! Cathereine Hardwicke wrote The Count of Monte Cristo. It was also made into a movie. Have you seen it?
The starring in Red Riding Hood are Amanda Seyfried, Gary Oldman, and Billy Burke.
She also directed Snow White and the Huntsman.
Yes, he is a soccer player from England. He plays the forward position.
I don't know much about Wayne Rooney, but you might also like his brother John Rooney. He played for Manchester United F.C.
Yes he is. You should check it out.
Yes. He's a good actor. Are you a fan of his work?
I believe so and he also starred in The Black Dahlia which was a good comedy.
You should check it out. I like him in A Christmas Carol, which is a good comedy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Where'd You Go, Bernadette is written by Maria Semple.
Yes I like that one as well. Did you know Maria Semple starred in I Heart Huckabees?
Sure, adding them now.
Sure! Lauren Kate wrote Passion and Rapture. Have you read either of those?
Torment was released in 2010. It's considered speculative fiction. It's that something you'd like to read.
Sure, I hope you enjoy it!
Lewis Carroll starred in Cars 2. He is a very good actor.
It is. Do you like Johnny Depp's movies? I would suggest The Rum Diary.
Well, if you like Johnny Depp, you might want to try The Rum Diary. It's one of my favorites.
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy them!
You should check out The Rum Diary. I'm sure you will enjoy it.
Yes I have! It is a team coached by David Platt and David Platt coaches it. Do you like them?
David Platt is one of his current players
You're welcome, have a great day!
Sure! Lauren Oliver wrote To Kill a Mockingbird. That is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
You might like Catch-22 which is a Thriller and was written by Lauren Oliver.
I'm not sure, but it's a speculative fiction novel.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! He directed The Simpsons Movie, are you familiar with that show?
It was written by David Silverman. It's genre is Fantasy/Comedy. Do you like Fantasy movies?
That is correct. He has a TV series - The Simpsons Movie.
You too!
He is an athlete who plays cricket for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
I am not a huge fan of the sport. But I do catch a few games.
He's one of the best cricket players of all time.
The Lord of the Rings is considered an excellent movie. Do you like it because it is a fantasy or a drama?
Sure, he starred in The Good Doctor and The Armenian Genocide.
Great, I think you will enjoy it, it also stars Orlando Bloom
Yes I do. It was written by James Dashner and is Young-adult fiction.
It was written by Jennifer Crusie.
Yes, it is. If you Reach Me is a young adult fiction, you might also enjoy The Maze Runner series.
Nocola Kraus, from New York, wrote The Nanny Diaries.
I would recommend Zoe's Tale. It's a great comedy.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is written by J.K. Rowling, are you a fan of her work or just series in general?
I am not sure he starred in a TV show called The Lord of the Rings.
I'm sorry, I don't have a TV episode.
Yes, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like those movies?
Sure! Do you like Horror movies?
He also starred in Grindhouse, which is also a Horror film. Do you like Horror films?
Oprah Winfrey, Reese Witherspoon
I hope you enjoy it!
I like Katy Perry, I like her song Hot n Cold. Did you know she was a voice in The Smurfs?
Oh yes, John Carpenter directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13. Do any of these sound interesting?
13 was a great movie that he also starred in. It's a science fiction movie.
Emma Stone and Abraham Benrubi are also in it. Do you like their movies?
Yes, JK Tolken. It stars Orlando Bloom and Chrisopher Lee.
Great, are you a fan of thrillers, like Shark Night?
That's a good one! It is also a thriller and was directed by Dennis Lehane. Do you like him?
I don't know much about Venus but I do know that she is a pro tennis player.
Yes, Serena has quite a chance. Would you like me to watch Serena play?
That's interesting. You must have been a fan of the Dolphins.
I think he is from Bogota. I heard he plays for the Colombian Football team.
Yes, he is a forward and a midfielder.
I do like American Football. What is your favorite team?
I would recommend Home Alone. It is written by John Hughes and is a Historical period drama.
If you like comedy, you might also like There's Something About Mary. It is starring Frank Langella and Eddie Murphy
I don't know, but I do know it was produced by William Shakespeare
You are welcome
The singer that dated Jordin Sparks?
I didn't know he wrote music but I know he's married to Jordin Sparks.
Isn't he married to Jordin Sparks? She was very talented when he was young, but I've never heard of her.
Do you like Shawshank because it is written by Stephen King?
He also wrote the Mist and Lawnmower Man
You're welcome.
I would recommend The Looking Glass Wars.
I am not certain. What else can I help you with?
Yes, she wrote The It's a fiction book.
Yes! He starred in Deadpool and The Transporter Refueled. Are you familiar with those movies?
Yes, Radivoje Bukvic starred in Shark Night with Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore.
It's considered a thriller and a historical drama.
Shark Night stars Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
It's a drama that you might like.
You're welcome.
That's the fourth in the Indiana Jones series of movies. Have you seen the other three?
Journey To The Center Of The Earth is a good one.
Journey To The Center Of The Earth is a good one that comes under that genre
Robit Sarma i an Athlete who play in Indians Team.
He is from the Mumbai Indians team, who play cricket.
Yes, he does. He also plays the Mumbai Indians team.
Yes. Anything else I can help you with?
I recommend Island and The Doors of Perception
It was published in 1895 and is part of a series.
Yes, he did. It was released in 1954.
That is a great book written by Ian McEwan. It was later made into a movie.
Christopher Hampton wrote Without Fail, Inheritance, The Collected Poems and The Canterville Ghosts. Have you read any of these?
The genre is Fantasy and Speculative Fiction.
Without Remorse is a thriller, suspense genre, and was released in 2010.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
2012 is a Sci-Fi/Action movie. Are you looking for something similar to 2012?
Its a thriller
Sean Connery starred in it
Yes the sequel Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
I can recommend another movie directed by Tate Taylor-I Spy
Yes, he is. Did you know she starred in The Women of Brewster Place?
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Proposal. It's a great movie.
She starred in The Muppets and the Muppets movies. Have you seen those?
I haven't seen it. Is it a drama/thriller that was released in 2013.
Yes, I do. It was written by John Grisham and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Drama/Comedy.
The Client was written by John Grisham, would you like to know more?
You're welcome.
He is a football player, right? I'm not very familiar with his work.
I don't
I enjoy basketball and football as well
Who is your favorite team?
Yes, the Packer is a great player
I love European Football or soccer as we call it. My favorite player on that team is Brian Kidd. Do you like him?
I have heard of him, he is a good player
I'm not sure about that, but I heard they were a good team.
Are you a fan of the Time Traveler's Wife that was written by Bruce Joel Rubin?
It is a mystery, similar to True Blood.
You're welcome. Enjoy.
You're welcome
Have you heard of Pride and Prejudice with Zombies?
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen
That book was written by Virginia Woolf who also wrote To The Lighthouse.
He wrote The Fortunes and Misfortunes of the Famous Moll Flanders. Have you read them?
It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, she was in that song. Did you know she was also a singer?
Yes she did, and she also starred on The Voice.
Oh, yea she was a great artist! Wasn't she in Valentine's Day, I remember that one.
Alejandro Amenábar wrote both The Power of Thinking Without Thinking and The Magic Faraway.
The Others starred Nicole Kidman and Keith Allen.
Enjoy your movie.
Well, he wrote madame Bovary a romance. Do you like those kinds of books?
It's a historical novel released in 1856.
If you like romance novels, perhaps you'd like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
He has also written Inheritance and Macbeth. Would you like to know more?
It's a romance novel that was released in 1856. Would you like to know anything else?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
You might also enjoy The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
You're welcome!
I do too. He's written The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October.
Yes, he wrote Nostromo: a Tale of the Seaboard.
Yes it is. It's a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 2005
He wrote The Road and The Crossing.
I have The Running Man and The Fault in Our Stars.
It is not that I know of, sorry!
It was released in 1998.
Of course, enjoy!
Jane Eyre is a fiction work written by Michael Mason. Do you like Romance novels?
Sure, he also wrote Jane Eyre which is a romance novel. He also wrote Jane Eyre.
No, it falls under the speculative fiction genre. Would you like me to add it to your watch list?
You're welcome.
It was written by Malala Yousafzai who won the Nobel Peace Prize. Would you like books by other Nobel Prize winners?
He also wrote The Girl from Aleppo, Farewell Kabul and The Africa House.
Veronika Decide Morrer wrote The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban.
He was a scientist and was born in Santo Domingo.
I believe he is playing for Detroit Pistons. Did you know he is a basketball player?
Who is your favorite sports player?
Yes, I like the Lakers. Who is your favorite team?
O Alquimista was written by William Shakespeare and released in 1988. The title in English is The Alchemist. Have you read this book?
Paulo Coelho also wrote Arc de Triomphe to name a few. Have you read this one?
I have added that for you. Enjoy!
Sure! Divine Secrets of the Ya=Ya Sisterhood has genre Fiction. Are you looking for other books by Rebecca Wells?
She also wrote Ya-Yas in Bloom, she also wrote Little Altars Everywhere.
I am glad I could help. Enjoy reading!
Sure! Kami Garcia wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Redemption which are Young-adult fiction novels. Have you read either of these yet?
It is a mystery novel. Do you like Fantasy novels?
You are welcome. Glad I could help.
She wrote The Assassin's Blade and The Assassin and the Desert. Have you read those?
The Assassin's Blade was released in 2014, which is the same year that The Assassin and the Desert was released.
Awesome, hope you enjoy it!
Glad I could help. Enjoy reading!
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like these genres?
Kodi also starred in Slow west with Ben Mendlesohn.
Dead Europe is a crime movie, it was released in 2012.
You are welcome.
Yes. The movie Artificial Intelligence is a Sci-Fi movie starring Steven Spielberg. Would you like to hear more titles by this actor?
Dramas the World is a good one. I liked it a lot.
No problem have you watch any other dramas?
This is the End was written by Evan Goldberg. Did you know he also wrote Pineapple Express?
It is a Psychological Thriller and a comedy.
I'm not sure who else stars in Whatever It Takes, but you might also like The Green Hornet.
Do you like this movie because it is a thriller?
He also wrote Thirteen Moons and The Cold Mountain.
It's a young-adult fiction that was released in 2014.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
They are a great team in the National Football League. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys though. How about you?
He was in the movie Jerry Jones: Game of Thrones. Did you see that one?
Oh yeah. That's a reality show. Do you like reality?
Bruce Almighty was produced by Steve Oedekerk he also directed Kung Pow: Enter the Fist
Sure. He also starred in A Bug's Life. Have you seen that one? It's a family movie.
That is the only information I have on that, is there anything else I can help you with?
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Hunger Games. Do you like Horror films?
I'm not sure about that but I can tell you that Josh Hutcherson starred in The Kids Are All Right and he also starred in The Kids Are All Right.
She starred in The Kids Are All Right and also in The People I Hate About You.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You are welcome. Have a great day!
Do you like thrillers?
He also wrote the movie Grindhouse.
You're welcome!
You're welcome.
Sure, she wrote Mean Girls and Bossypants.
Sure, he was the writer of The Kite Runner.
Sure. Tate worked on The Help, starring Bryce Dallas Howard and Ahna O'Relilly. Have you seen it?
Yes, Cicely Tyson actually starred in The Help and Get on Up! Have you seen it?
She was in The Women of Brewster Place with Oprah Winfrey.
You're very welcome! Enjoy!
Sure! Are you interested in the writer, Christopher Nolan, or the star, Tom Hardy, at all?
Christopher Nolan
Star Wars was directed by Steven Spielberg. He also directed Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade.
Indiana Jones starred in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade was directed by George Lucas.
Yes, it is also a Drama film.
I sure can! Did you like The Paris Wife because it was written by Paula McLain or because it is a Fiction?
She also wrote Circling the Sun that is another one you may enjoy.
I'm not sure but it was released in the year 2015
I am not sure but it was released in 2015, have you read it?
No problem, enjoy!
Sure! Lea Thompson has starred in movies like The Wildest Dream and The Wild Life.
I'm not sure if she's acted in, but she starred in The Pursuit of Happyness which is a Comedy/Adventure Film.
If you like Red Dawn, i recommend you will love Back to the Future Part II.
He also wrote Bonesetter's Daughter, which is also a Romance Film.
You might also enjoy Pulp Fiction and The Omen Machine.
Yes, it was written by Francis Ford Coppola and starred Robert Duvall. It is a very good movie.
Yes, she starred in Apocalypse Now, as well as Robert Duvall.
Yes he did. That movie stars Marlon Brando and is a crime fiction film.
Did you know he wrote The World According to Garp?
He also wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes, have you read that one?
Yes it is! Another one in the Romance genre you might like is Welcome to Temptation.
Sure! I also recommend The Happiness Project and The Tree of Life.
Not much! He's a soccer player from Germany. Are you a fan of his?
Kristin Cashore wrote Graceling, Fire, Bitterblue. Have you read any of these?
Yes. She also wrote Graceling, Fire, and Bitterblue. Have you read any of these?
No I don't. What type of books do you like?
Little Lord Fauntleroy is also in the speculative fiction genre.
The Giver is written by Lois Lowry
I think he is a good qb. Did you know his brother Jordan was on the Bachelorette?
I do, the Dallas Cowboys are my favorite. Which team is yours?
No, I haven't. What sports do you like?
I'm sure it was a hell of a fantasy, whatever happened to Tiger Woods, you?
I do! The Lost Hero is written by Rick Riordan. It is in the Young-adult fiction genre. Do you like this genre?
It is Young-adult fiction
Yes,it was written by Rick Riordon
You are welcome
Monsters University Movie
Seth Rogen and Steve Buscemi also starred in Monsters University. It is a family movie
You're welcome! Enjoy.
Yes, he wrote The Messenger and The Book Thief. Are you looking for any particular genre?
I believe The Prince is a fiction story.
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People is a self-help book. DO you like Self-help books?
Yeah, he's great! He starred in Desperado! Have you seen it?
I am more of a classic hip hop artist, but some of my favorite songs from him is Superbad.
I have never heard of him, I will have to check it out. Did you know he was born in Madrid?
Sure! Do you like books written by Truman Capote?
He also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Murder by Death. Would you like more information about this?
No problem, I am glad that I could help!
Henrietta Lacks wrote The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
If you like the book The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks, you might enjoy the book White Oleander. It's written by Rebecca Skloot and is a classic.
Sure, Walk the Line was written by Andrew Niccol released in 2010. It's a speculative fiction story.
It was written by Richard Kelly and released in 1996.
I love her music! My favorite is I'm Not Dead by Pink. What is yours?
I wasn't a fan of Taylor Swift, who is an all around performer. I liked her in Valentine's Day.
I didn't realize she was in a movie as well, actually.
Sure, would you like to know some movies she's been in? She's been in Titanic and The Princess Diaries.
White Squall is a thriller and stars Jeff Bridges as well. Do you like his movies?
Are you looking for something similar to this film?
If you are looking for something similar to The Secret Life of Bees, you should check it out. It's directed by Ridley Scott.
You too!
Of course! Charles Dickens wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop, to name a few.
It's a Suspense influenced by Robert Louis Stevenson. It was released in 1851.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, he was born in 1835.
Enjoy!
John Grogan wrote Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog. Did you know it was turned into a movie?
Sure, Marley & Me was written by John Grogan and released in 2005.
Sure! Do you like Scream because it is a crime fiction?
Not really, I am a fan of the westerns. Did you know he also wrote Unforgiven?
It is a fantasy comedy starring Johnny Depp. Would you like to know more about it?
Sure. Sylvester Stallone directed The Expendables and Rocky Balboa.
Yes, he was, do you like him as well?
That was a great movie. Some of the actors include Liam Neeson, Jodi Foster, and Christian Bale.
The author of this book was Cassandra Clare. Have you read it?
The genre is fantasy and children's literature. Do you like these genres?
That's a great one to read. Cassandra Clare wrote The Iron Trial and Lady Midnight in the same genre as well. Do either of these interest you?
Reservoir Dogs is similar to Pulp Fiction
It stars Tika Sumpter and Thomas Lennon.
I have heard the Ma Long is an athlete of sorts, and is known for table tennis it seems.
That's cool! What did you think of him being a table tennis player?
I am not much of a golf fan but I did hear he was a good swimmer!
I like him a lot
Bobby Farrelly starred in Stuck on You. Stuck on You is written by Peter Farrelly. Would you like more information about him?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Matt Damon also starred in The People Speak. Do you like him?
Rob Cohen directed: The Skulls written by John Pogue have you seen it?
I am not sure, but I can tell you The Skulls is a drama/suspense film.
You're welcome.
Not much, I know it is a German sports club based in Munich. They have a game this coming Saturday.
Its soccer, do you like soccer?
Yes, he did
I believe he is a musician who also played cricket
Yes, he plays for the Mumbai Indians
Certainly! Million Dollar Baby was directed by him. He also starred in it. Great movie!
Tommy Lee Jones played in that movie. It is a Historical period drama.
I am sorry I do not have any information on that
The Lives of Others and The Tourist are two good ones.
The Tourist is a drama film. Florian also directed The Lives of Others that is an action film.
I am not sure who starred in The Tourist. But I know that Angelina Jolie wrote the film The Tourist.
It was released in 2004.
It was written by Charlaine Harris who also wrote The Tourist.
Glad I could help.
I think they are a great team, but I don't really follow basketball. Who is your favorite coach?
Did you know he's a basketball player?
Oh wow, I didn't know that. What other sports do you like?
Jane Eyre wrote a book called Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
I am not sure , but Jane Eyre touched on the topic of Morality and was set in England.
Don't mention it
Are you referring to Russel Westbrook, who is a basketball athlete?
Soccer and football. I don't follow either. What sports do you like?
No, I didn't know that.
He wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read it?
The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas has genre Tragicomedy.
You are welcome. Glad I could help.
I don't know a whole lot. It was written by James Frey. Do you like him?
It was a mystery novel by James Frey and released in 1991.
Yes he did. He also directed The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories.
Richard Andrews wrote The tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark didn't he?
Yes. It was released in 1600. Have you read it?
I am not sure, but I know Shakespear wrote a great book called The Moor of Venice
Sure. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
he plays for the Germany national football team
Yes he is, he was also a midfielder and won the Bravo Award. Do you like soccer?
No I don't follow the sport but I do like American Football and American Football.
Isn't he a tennis player?
Basel is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Is she the singer/musician that did Call Me Maybe? It's catchy.
No I didn't, but I'd love to watch it again. Do you like her?
Anything else I can help you with?
Sure, do you like jaws because it is written by Steven Spielberg or because it is a horror?
I'm not sure, but Keith Gordon starred in the movie Jaws 2.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie
It is written by Frances Hodgson.
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
He starred in The Eggs of God and The Son of Neptune. Have you seen them?
The skulls genre is Thriller and Drama. Do you like this genre?
It was released in 2012 and stars Denzel Washington and Josh Brolin.
I also stars Craig T. Nelson and he starred in How to Train Your Dragon and Do you like the movies?
He has also starred in Winnie the Pooh and The Weeknd. Have you seen those?
You're welcome.
I think they're a football team. Aren't they coached by Lovie Smith? Or Greg Schiano?
I do. I'm a fan of the Washington Redskins. Do you like football?
I like football and baseball. What is your favorite team?
Not so bad, heard they sung the song One Step Closer. Do you know it?
Yes, Somewhere I Belong is a pretty popular one. Are you a fan of those artists?
Yes, Somewhere I Belong is very popular and they have also made into a movie Star Trek. Did you know some of the other ones are Linkin Park?
Yes, I do. I like the Dallas Cowboys. Which team is your favorite?
They have a good record. Did you know Philadelphia was the runner-up in Super Bowl XXXVIII?
Tom Brady and Patriots won Super Bowl XXXII. Do you like the New England Patriots?
Sure! Do you like books authored by Truman Capote?
Yes, another crime drama novel is Utterly Cold Blooded and Utterly Cold Blooded. I would suggest those.
Yes, it was based on a true story. It was released in 1979.
Sure, which genre do you prefer? Fantasy, Comedy or Adventure?
Yes! It also stars Matt Damon. Do you like him?
Garfield also starred in another TV drama, The World According to Garfield.
They are pretty good. They were runners up in the 2003 NBA Finals.
Yes, I like to watch basketball from time to time. How about you?
I like football and baseball more. What is your favorite sport?
I haven't seen it, but I heard it's a great movie. He is a wonderful actor. Who is in it?
She was in the movie Red Dragon, which was a comedy. She also starred in The Book of Eli.
Ted also starred Mila Kunis who also starred in Kind of a Funny Story!
Enjoy!
Sure! Nathan Lane has starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton have you seen that?
That is correct! He was also in The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
I don't know. I think it was 1994.
Yes I do, I love the Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End.
He was. I never saw that one, but I would definitely recommend The Good Doctor.
I'd recommend The Good Doctor. It's a thriller.
Do you like X-Men Origins because it is an action movie or because it is science fiction?
Sure, he starred in Wolverine, an action/adventure film, and a thriller called The Wolverine.
Waiting also stars Robert De Niro and Angela Bassett.
You are very welcome, please enjoy
Sure, do you like it because it's a Historical period drama?
Of course, Matt Damon also starred in Good Will Hunting and The People Speak. Have you seen those?
He was in The People Speak, The People Speak, and Push, Nevada.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, the director of Boyhood is Liam Neeson.
He also directed Pretty Little Liars. Have you seen that one?
I don't have that information, but I can recommend another movie directed by Richard Linklater if you like.
Great! You may also like the movie This is Spinal Tap. Have you seen that one?
In the movie, Alfred Hitchcock makes a cameo appearance.
I believe it is a drama, but I don't know what genre it is.
You might enjoy X-Men 2 or World War Z.
It's pretty good! It was released in 2005, and stars Jennifer Lawrence.
They are a team in the NFL. They have a coach named Tom Benson.
They are pretty good. Are you a Cowboys fan?
That's pretty cool. Did you know the Steelers were runner up for Super Bowl XXXVIII?
This is the end, Express,The Interview
It starred Mindy Kaling, Channing Tatum, and James Franco to name a few.
Yes he did, Channing Tatum also starred in The Green Hornet.
He also directed The White Countess and The Green Hornet.
The Vow also starred Mindy Kaling and Martin Starr. It was released in 2012.
You're welcome!
Sure! Red Dragon is also a Psychological thriller that is similar to The Silence of the Lambs.
I would also recommend Red Dragon, it is a very good movie.
Great!
Yes, I also enjoy Thrillers such as State of the Union and Zodiac.
The Lion King is one popular movie. Have you seen it?
If you like The Lion King, you might also enjoy Kick-Ass or X-Men 2.
You're welcome.
Yes, The movie written by Vince Gilligan, starring Will Smith.
Will Smith also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness, I Robot and Hancock.
Shia LaBeouf is a Romance and Fantasy film. Do you like those genres?
Sure. I will play that for you.
Yes! He is a soccer player for Manchester United F.C..
I don't follow much football, unless I have watched Fabrio Capello used to play for Italy.
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Yes, he also wrote The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson. Have you seen it?
they are a great kpop band. do you like them?
They are both from South Korea and they are a great country. If you like their music, you might like The Koreans or The Young Lions.
I believe that was in Seoul but I don't know much about them. Do you like their music?
Yes, Jason Flemyng starred in Wild Bill, Welcome to the Punch, The Social Network, and several others. Do you have a certain genre in mind?
Vivica A Fox and David Carradine were both in it.
Enjoy the movie!
Your welcome.
I sure can! She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign, you should check that one out as well.
I'm sorry, I do not have that information.
Great! You might also like The Power of Forgiveness.
Do you like Hellboy because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Hugh Jackman starred in this movie. It was also Sci-Fi.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Yes, he's an author who wrote both The Power of Thinking Without Thinking and The Magician's Nephew.
He is in the Romance genre. Would you like to know more about that?
Yes, he is a Chilean professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Barcelona and the Uruguay national team.
Hugh Jackman starred in the movie A Beautiful Mind. Have you heard of it?
Are you a fan of hers? She starred in Terminator 2: Judgment Day.
That movie is a science fiction, fantasy film. Do you like that genre?
Yes! The Six Wives of Henry Lefay, starring Chris Hemsworth, is a Historical period drama. It's a great movie!
Yes. He has list of books you should check out. SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling
Yeah! Steven D. Levitt also wrote SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling
I haven't either but I know he is from the United States of America.
That's a great one you should read.
Edgar Wright wrote The War of the Worlds and The Stand. Have you read them?
Yes science fiction. Are you into sci-fi books?
Yes, and you should check it out.
Coldplay is a band with Chris Martin as the lead vocal. Do you like their music?
Coldplay is a drama/mystery. Do you like these types of music?
Yes I can tell you that the composer of this song is George Clooney.
She wrote Dreams of Gods & Monsters.
Yes, it's a fantasy novel released in 2014 starring Brad Pitt and Cate Blanchett.
It came out in 2013. It's the same year that The Voice was released.
I hope you enjoy it!
I haven't heard much about him. Is he a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers?
I didn't know that. That's where Don Cherry, he's a point guard. Do you like basketball?
No, I haven't. Do you like basketball?
He starred in the thriller Grindhouse and the indie film Death Proof. They were both pretty good.
Grinhouse was written by John Steinbeck and stars Bill Murray and is a thriller.
Sure. He also starred in Grindhouse with Will Smith. It is a thriller and was directed by Rob Zombie.
No problem. Big Fish was written by John August and he also wrote Titan A.E.
Yes. Kenny also directed Willow Frost which is a great action film and was released in 2010.
Sure, anything else I can help you with today?
You are welcome, have a great day!
Sure, have you see Zathura: A Space Adventure, A Dog of Flanders?
It has a great cast including David Schwimmer, Chris Pratt and Sam Rockwell. It was released in 2002.
It is a Romance Film, do you like those genres?
You're welcome, have a good day!
They are in the NBA. The Nets are a basketball team. Do you like basketball?
Me too, it's a great movie. Did you like the movie because it's a sci-fi or action movie?
You might enjoy the sci-fi flick Men in Black 3. It was a action movie.
It is a action movie that also stars Tom Cruise and Kevin Zegers.
Sure! Similar romance novels might be The Fiery Cross or This Lullaby. Romance novels always make me cry.
Yes, Voyager is also considered a Romance novel.
Yes, that is correct. Would you like me to add it to your read list?
You are very welcome, please enjoy
I'm not sure who she's a tennis player. I don't watch it much, but I do know she was born in Mumbai.
Not really. I think Serena Williams is a great tennis player from India.
Yes, she is very talented! Aside from being a writer, she is also a teacher!
He starred in Looking for Richard also starring Al Pacino.
These movies fall under the drama genre.
Not that I am aware of. You may want to check out Without Fail by Lee Child.
Sure! Sense and Sensibility was also written by Jane Austen.
Yes, it is written by Ivan Reitman and is a satire.
She also wrote Cat on a Hot Tin Roof and The House Of God.
I'm glad to help.
Yes, she is a singer/songwriter. Do you like her?
She is a very talented pianist. Do you like his music?
It was released in 2010 and I'm not sure what year it was released.
You're welcome.
He starred in the movie Zero Dark Thirty. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, I like crime fiction. I would recommend The Hurt Locker and Detriot. Have you seen those?
No, David Lynch starred in it. I'm not sure who else starred in it.
Awesome! I hope you enjoy it.
Sure Rob Riggle starred in The Lorax and The Hangover. Have you seen those?
Unaccompanied Minors starred Tyler James Williams and Jessica Walter. It is a comedy/drama film.
Sure. You might also like Your Highness with Kiran Shah. It's a comedy.
Certainly! I hope you enjoy it!
Enjoy the movie.
He is the Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for soccer. Do you like soccer?
Good choice! It was written by Sara Gruen and starred Reese Witherspoon. It's a Romance film.
You might also like The Scottish Prisoner and the Pelican Brief. Both are excellent films!
Yes, it was written by Leo Tolstoy and Richard Linklater stars in the movie.
Yes, Leo Tolstoy wrote Leo Tolstoy. It is a family movie and was released in 2006.
I'm not sure. I don't have any information on that. However, Leo Tolstoy was influenced by Richard Yates.
Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, would you like to know about other books in the same genre?
Yes. She also wrote The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner. She is a great writer.
You're welcome.
It stars Justin Timberlake and Josh Brolin. It is a biographical film.
Tom Everett, Yvonne Zima, Josh Brolin all starred in The Social Network.
Violets Are Blue, Män som hatar kvinnor
You are welcome.
Sure, he is an author who wrote the biography David Copperfield.
You might enjoy The Devil Wears Prada. It's also a very good read.
Ah, yes. Zadie Smith is a great writer.
John Carpenter directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13. Do any of these sound interesting?
It is a 2017 science fiction thriller film directed by John Carpenter, released in 2015.
Yes she is very talented, an actress and producer. She also starred in You've Got Mail.
Escape from New York is a Drama/Fantasy genre. Another drama and science fiction movie you might enjoy is Zombieland.
I would recommend the book, The Two Towers. It serves as the sequel to The Lord of the Rings
Women in Love was written by Lian Hearn. Are you familiar with his work?
He also wrote A Christmas Carol and The House of Mirth.
The Matrix was executive produced by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta. Is that something you might like?
The Matrix was produced and directed by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
Inception has a genre of Science Fiction and Psychological Thriller. Do you want to know more?
A Wrinkle in Time is a science fantasy novel written by Madeleine L'Engle and it's part of a series. Do you like science fiction books?
You might enjoy the next book in the series, A Wind in the Door.
Yes, it was and it was later made into a movie.
You might enjoy the Maze Runner series. It's also part of a series. The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that it was also made into a movie.
You're welcome.
Ayush Mahesh Khedkar starred in Slumdog Millionaire. Are you interested in that?
Slumdog Millionaire has genre Romance. Do you like Romance films?
In 2012. It's a romance. Do you like romances?
No problem. Enjoy!
I know he wrote The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies.
Aidan Turner also starred in the Year of the Flood.
The genre is fantasy.
The Iron Giant starring Aidan Turner is a fantasy drama
Is there anything you would like to know
Did you like the author Roald Dahl?
Zoe's Tale, I believe that was written by John Scalzi. Would you like to know more?
It is! Would you like me to add it to your list?
I do a bit; I know that Donna Tartt wrote it and that it was released in 2013.
Yes, she won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and the Book Of Mormon.
Yes she did! She also wrote The Secret History.
Dinna Tarrt was born in Dallas, Texas, United States of America.
You're welcome.
JoJo Moyes wrote that one. You may also like The One Plus One.
That was a great book! Did you know it was part of a series?
Enjoy!
Yes, it was written by John Green. Are you interested in other books by him?
Yes he also wrote Paper Towns. Are you interested in either of those?
I'm not sure. Can I help you with anything else?
That's correct. I can't find any information on that one, but if you're interested in any of his other movies, I can recommend The Stand and You've Got Mail.
He wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Great Gatsby. Have you read them?
I would recommend The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
You're welcome.
Yes I do. He starred in Deadpool and wrote Angelo Pizza. Do you like Deadpool?
The Goon is a great adventure movie starring Tim Miller. Do you like adventure films?
The Black Hat is a mystery movie and it was released in 1971
Sure no problem, enjoy the movies!
Sure! Pan's Labyrinth is a novel written by Guillermo del Toro and was released in 1999.
Yes! There is a movie based on Pan's Labyrinth.
I'm not sure about the movie, but I can tell you that it is a Spanish language.
You might also enjoy X-Men 2. It is written by Guillermo del Toro.
No problem! Enjoy the movie!
I've heard of him, but haven't read his work. He wrote The Water is Wide, The Prince of Tides and The Lords of Discipline.
That is true. He also starred in a ton of movies.
Yes that is correct Michael York wrote the book and it was a crime fiction.
Yes, you may like the Madrona Murders. He passed away in San Francisco in 2015
I haven't had a chance to read it yet. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm not into dramas. But I can tell you The Godfather Part II is a movie starring Al Pacino.
The Godfather Part II is starring Al Pacino and Robert Duvall. Do you like Al Pacino movies?
Sean Penn wrote it and it is a biographical movie.
Yes, Sean Penn wrote The Thin Red Line and The Tree of Life. Would you like to know more about them?
I recommend The Tree of Life and The Game. Have you heard of them?
Me too! Did you know Garth Williams play tennis?
Yes, I do. He directed The King's Speech, The Damned United, and Les Miserables. Do you like the movies he directed?
Sure, you might like The King's Speech or The Miserables. Do you like those type of movies?
Okay, enjoy the movie!
He is one of the most influential artists of all time. I like his song Marry You. Do you like him?
I'm not much of a big fan of her. But, I do like her song Spring Breakers. Do you like her?
I actually don't know much about her, except that she's a singer. I like her song Super Bass. What about you?
Yes, I sure do. Is there anything else I can help with?
FC Bayern Munich is a soccer team coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
They are coached by Louis van Gaal.
I think so. That's a good one too.
I am not sure, but I know The Maze Runner is a young adult fiction book. Do you like that genre?
I believe it is Daniel Radcliffe. Do you like him?
You're welcome
Yes, a great book I can recommend by Roy is The God of Small Things. Have you heard of it?
It's a Non-fiction book, do you like those types of books?
Yes it was made into a movie starring Peter Hyams
Absolutely, Enjoy and have a great day
That was written by Sue Monk Kidd and is in the fiction genre. Are you looking for more by that author or more of that genre?
Its a great book written by Sue Monk Kidd and is in the genre of speculative fiction
it was released in 2012 and is an action film
She wrote an adaptation of Dracula. Do you like female authors?
Yes, he also wrote The Invisible Man and The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
Well, she also wrote a book called The Invisible Man.
You're welcome, have a good day!
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom and Billy Boyd. It's a Fantasy movie that also stars Orlando Bloom and Chrisopher Lee.
I'd recommend The Good Doctor. It was also turned into a movie and directed by Peter Hyams.
You got it! He starred in a lot of movies. I hope you like it!
I know that Bob McNair owns the Houston Texans, but I don't follow them. Do you like them?
Yeah, I'm a fan of the Dallas Cowboys. What about you?
Well, from what I've heard, he also owns the Seattle Seahawks. I'm not a huge fan of the Cowboys.
Julian Glover starred in Vatel. Have you seen that?
You should check it out, it's a classic! Robert Downey Jr. and Emily Bronte also starred in it.
It came out in 1987. It's a good movie.
It's about a mysterious assassin working for a group of rebels trying to overthrow the government. It's supposed to be very scary.
I sure do! She wrote The Good Earth which is a Historical period drama that I would also recommend.
I dont have that information but I can tell you it was influenced by Jane Austen. Do you like her work?
I also recommend that. I highly recommend it.
Enjoy!
Are you referring to Maria Sharapova the professional tennis player?
I know she plays tennis and also that she is married to Serena Williams.
I don't really follow sports anyway. I know a lot about basketball except for a few games. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys.
Did you know he also played for the Mumbai Indians?
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
I do not have that information. However, I can tell you that was also made into a movie. It's a drama.
You are welcome. Anything else I can help you with?
Great, Enjoy your reading!
Sure, do you like Fantasy or Action movies?
Yes it is, he also wrote Inglorious Bastards
I think it was released in 2014
Glad to help
Are you looking for other movies written by Dan Brown or based on his movies?
You might enjoy The Fault in Our Stars then.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! He wrote Cycle of the Werewolf, Creepshow, and The Stand.
He is American. He is born in Alexandria US.
The Dead Zone would be considered a historical fiction. Does that interest you?
He has been in alot of films, including The Passage, The Maze Runner, the Warlords and The Passage
The Post is a movie related to Forrest Gump
Tom Hanks also starred in The Post and The Circle.
That Thing You Do is probably one of the most popular movies of his.
Ok, let me know if you need anything else.
Okay, no problem!
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets written by J.K. Rowling?
It has a mystery genre. Would you like me to add it to your favorites?
It does star Pierre Perrier and it is a mystery and was released in 2016.
I do! I really like their coach Pete Carroll, but I'm not sure they've won a superbowl, did they win the Super Bowl?
It's about the Seahawks next to the Cowboys. Have you heard of them?
I can not be able to know that, How do you feel about it?
Stargirl is written by Jerry Spinelli who also wrote Milkweed and Maniac Magee.
Sure! You might enjoy Milkweed and Maniac Magee, both are great reads.
You're welcome! It was written by Melissa Marr.
I think he is a very good tennis player. Do you like him?
That's true. He had a record 23 grand slam singles. Who is your favorite tennis player?
I like Federer as well, he was a great tennis player.
I don't actually have any information about that book but I can tell you that The Proposal was written by Mary GrandPre if you like her.
You are correct. The Half-Blood Prince is the sixth book in the series.
Sure, do you like the author Liane Moriarty or the genre?
Yes she did. Big Little Lies was released in 2014. She also wrote Three Wishes and The Last Anniversary.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I think they are a pretty good team, I really like them when Jason Witten was playing,
My favorite team is the Broncos. Are you a fan of them?
They seem to be having a bad season. They have a 6-5 season right now.
He is a great player with the Houston Texans.
X-Men 2. X-Men 2 starring bruce davison
Sure. He also wrote Underworld, Twilight, and X-men 2.
The Incredible Hulk stars William Hurt and Ty Burrell.
Sure! She wrote The Hiding Place. That was a good one. I also like God's Smuggler.
It's considered Non-fiction and an Autobiography. Would you like to know more about that?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Noah Emmerich starred in Windtalkers. what else can i do for you?
Yes, you might like The Legend of Drunken Master or The Matrix Revolutions.
Ok, can I help you with anything else?
Well, let me know if you need anything else.
Phil Lord directed my favoriteThe Lego Movie
Katharine McPhee, Joshua Leonard, and Joel David Moore are all starred in the movie.
I am not sure if he was in White House Down, but did you know he was also in Pet Sematary?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know it was written by Sean Penn and it is a biographical movie.
Yes, I would recommend it for you.
That is correct. Matthew McConaughey is also in it.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I would recommend Andromeda, it is a Sci-Fi/Action movie. Do you like that genre?
Then you might enjoy World War Z or Wolverine.
Mike White, Emma Stone, Derek Graf are the starring actors in that movie.
It was released in 2013
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Dogtown.
Yeah, he also wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Dogtown. Have you read those?
You're welcome!
That's listed as Speculative fiction, fiction and Children's literature - which are you more interested in?
The King of Attolia is a young-adult fiction novel. Do you like young adult fiction?
I would recommend Welcome to the Monkey House and Weaveworld.
Sure, A Farewell to Arms was written by Ernest Hemingway. Would you like to know more books he wrote?
You might like There's a Wocket in My Pocket or the Xenocide. Have you read those?
To Have and Have Not is actually a romance novel released in 1929. Would you like to know more about this?
Groundhog Day stars Matt Damon and was written by David Ayer. Do you like Romantic Fantasy movies?
Charlie Sheen is a big name, have you seen it?
Yes he was wrote Ghostbusters
you are welcome
Not so bad, heard they sung the song One Step Closer. Do you know it?
Sure, I can tell you that The Green Lantern is starring Tom Wilkinson and Ryan Reynolds. Do you like action films?
You might also enjoy Cloverfield starring Tom Hanks or World War Z.
Yes. It is very good. You may also like The Hunger Games. It's also a great action movie.
Yes she was in it, as well as Randy Quade and Nicky Katt.
Sure! Jean-pierre Youngt directed The Sea Wolf. Have you seen that?
Micmacs is a thriller. Are you into that genre?
I do, he starred in the movie The Fault in Our Stars.
Your welcome.
Of the Ocean at the End of the Lane is written by Neil Gaiman and was released in 2013. Are you looking for more books by Neil Gainman?
It was written by Neil Gaiman and was released in 2013.
OK, enjoy the book!
Joel Coen wrote No Country for Old Men and he also wrote Inside Llewyn Davis. Have you read it before?
Well, from what I've read, it's a good movie.
Quentin Tarantino directed that film and it was released in 1985.
Do you like the movie because it is sci-fi or because it is a thriller?
It is a comedy about a boy with facial differences attending elementary for the first time. If you want to hear more about Rizwan Manji, also starred in The Shining.
It sure is! He was also in several spy movies like Zombieland and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
You are welcome!
Jojo Moyes wrote that one.
Sure. She also wrote The Ship and The One Plus One.
You are welcome.
Great choice, he wrote The Three Musketeers which is a Speculative fiction.
No, Alexandre Dumas was the author of The Count of Monte Cristo.
He also wrote Robin Hood, The Three Musketeers and The Comte de Monte Cristo.
You're welcome.
Sure! Did you enjoy Mark Haddon because he wrote mystery?
Yes! It is an excellent movie starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more about it?
I have. Did you know Peter Capaldi also starred in Someone Like You?
Great, hope you enjoy it
Sure! Katherine Paterson wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well as several others. Would you like to know more about those?
No, there is a sequel for The Great Gilly Hopkins and the Great Gilly Hopkins
You're welcome. Enjoy!
/Could you tell me who wrote The Fault of Our Stars?
Shark Night is also a thriller and stars Katharine McPhee.
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore to name a few.
I know he wrote Walking Disaster, have you read it?
It is about a Southern Gothic novel . It was released in 1995.
I do. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome.
Sure, it was written by Lana Wachowski and stars Marcus Chong, Laurence Fishburne, and Keanu Reeves. Do the actors or writer interest you?
You might enjoy The Matrix Reloaded or The Matrix Reloaded?
John Wick also starred in The Matrix Reloaded. Would you like to watch that one?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, she is a lyricist
Indeed she did, she also won the Bravo Award, MTV Video Music Award for Album of the Year. Do you like her music?
Oh, yes she is on the bucket list as well. She is a very talented person.
Lana Wachowski starred in The Matrix Revolutions and Speed Racer. Have you seen them?
You may like Zoe's Tale, X-Men 2. They are Family Thrillers.
It is! Did you know that Wachowski directed it?
Sure! Do you like Fantasy Romance novel?
You might enjoy the Voyage of the Dawn Treader. It is also a young-adult novel.
It was released in 2011, have you read the next book in the series?
Yes, Leigh Dragoon also wrote it. Would you like to know more about the book?
Tom Cruise starred in Mission Impossible. He also starred in Valkyrie.
Do you like it because it's a fantasy or a family movie?
Are you typically a fan of Will Ferrell's, or do you like the fantasy genre of it?
Will Ferrell's most famous movie was in Ocean's 8. It was directed by Ron Clements and released in 2012.
I hope you enjoy it!
I think Tom Skerritt starred in Ted, I know that.
Ted Danson is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
That's a great read. Did you know Marue Hindle wrote The Litigators?
Yes, he also wrote The Last Man and The Invisible Man. Have you read them?
Yes they are, you might also like The Last Unicorn and The House of Mirth.
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
It was released in 1856, do you like his books I recommend some other ones.
Yes, she did. Did you know she also wrote Madame Bovary?
I know they are part of the NFC South
I don't know much about football, but the Cowboys are a professional team from Dallas, Pennsylvania.
I like basketball as well! Do you have a favorite sport?
Yes, there is a sequel to Toy Story that is both written by Joel Cohen and are written by Joel Cohen.
Yes, you are correct! Tim Allen starred in Toy Story 3.
It's very good! It was made into a movie that I'm not sure about it!
Yes, I will do that!
Blake Griffin is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Do you like basketball?
I don't know much about basketball either. I guess he's a basketball player and I enjoy watching basketball.
I'm more of a Soccer Fan to be honest.
Sure, it was released in 2014, the same year that The Scorch Trials was released.
William Sanderson also starred in The Shadows Rising and Blade Runner.
I would also recommend The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian, it's very entertaining!
Bood Diamond starred Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
If you liked that one, you may also enjoy The Wolf of Wall Street. Have you seen that one?
Of course! He was in "The Wolf of Wall Street" and "The Thin Red Line."
He has starred in Match Point, The Missing, and Welcome to Sarajevo.
It's a romance film.
The Way is a romantic comedy. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
Law Abiding Citizen is starring F. Gary Gary who directed The Italian Job which you might like.
Law Abiding Citizen starring Roger Bart also starred in Law Abiding Citizen. It's a psychological thriller and was released in 2012.
You might enjoy Snow White and the Huntsman, which is also a psychological thriller.
The Fifth element is written by Christopher Nolan. Would you like the movie or the movie recommendations?
Do you like the movie because it is science fiction or because it is the genre?
You're welcome
Yes I am. She has also starred in a few movies like What's Your Number and Who's That Chick.
I've heard some of her pop hits from her Get Sleazy Tour. Are you a fan of it?
Yeah, that's right! I loved her in The Muppets and The Muppets!
Sure! Carlos Ruiz Zafon wrote The Captain America: Civil War and The Emperor's New Groove. Have you read either of these?
It was released in the year 1975. It is a mystery/fantasy genre.
Yes. You may be interested in the book.
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Dogtown.
Its fiction. Do you like fiction?
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Dogtown
You're welcome
The Untouchables is starring Bruce Willis who also starred in The Wind and the Lion.
It is a mystery/crime movie. Do you like those types of movies?
It is a good one. Do you like dramas?
It stars Mika Sumpter and Thomas Lennon
You're welcome
No, I haven't. Do you mean the Science-Fiction written by Preston and directed by Roland Emmerich
It is a thriller and drama genre movie. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, The Matrix is also a good one have you seen it?
It stars Tiger Woods and Scarlett Johansson
You're Welcome
Sure, she wrote Beautiful Redemption and Beautiful Darkness, which are young adult fiction. Do either of these interest you?
I believe it to be a romance
Okay, I believe it would be considered Young Adult Fiction.
I am glad to help, I hope you enjoy it!
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
The Looking Glass Wars is a great fantasy movie you might like.
Daniel Radcliffe stars in Dungeons & Dragons.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Sure, it was written by Sophie Kinsella and released in 2005.
Sophie Kinsella wrote Wedding Night and The Undomestic Goddess. Do you like her books?
Wedding Night is a comedy. It was released in 2013 and is a romance.
Don't mention it. I think you'll enjoy them.
Sure. She wrote many good books; Graceling, Fire, and Bitterblue. Do you like Romace, Fantasy or Speculative fiction?
Yes, it is a romance novel
It is written by Mark Twain
No problem
Have you read A Tree? It was released in 1943.
I remember it came out in 1943
Yes it was also written in English
I am a huge fan of the Belgium national football team. What about you?
Thanks for the info. Thanks for all your help today.
Oh I'm a Dodgers fan. What do you think of them?
I like the Red Sox. What is your favorite team?
Yes, he's an actor who starred in many movies. He was also in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and Girl With the Dragon Tattoo.
No, I haven't seen it but I do know that Tom Everett and Jenna Boyd also starred in it as well.
Yes, he directed Little Miss Sunshine which is a comedy, and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo starring Gerard Butler.
Yes i do one of them is Shackleton which is an action movie.
Matthew Macfadyen, Kenneth Branagh also starred in Shackleton.
It came out in 2002.
William Goldman starred in The Princess Bride
He wrote The Princess Bride and The Manchurian Candidate.
Yes, if you are interested in Fantasy, you may like Shark Night.
No problem. Anything else?
Sure, she wrote The Light Between Oceans and A Thousand Autumns of Jacob de Zoet.
I would recommend What Happened to Goodbye. It is also a great read.
No problem, enjoy!
Stan Lee is the main actor in The Amazing Spider-Man.
Yes he is. She was also in Knocked Up and The Amazing Spider-Man 2.
Sorry, I don't have that information. Would you like me to add it to your playlist?
You are welcome!
Sure! He wrote Things Fall Apart. Did you know he's not only a writer, but a critic as well?
You might like The Witch of Blackbird Pond, it is fiction and was released in 1958.
I have not seen that one. Is it good?
You are welcome have a great day.
Reservoir Dogs is similar to Pulp Fiction
Yes! Jamie Foxx starred in the movie.
Your welcome
Mitch Alborn wrote Tuesdays with Morrie. Have you read this one yet?
Tuesdays with Morrie has genres Memoir and Biography
Tuesdays with Morrie has genres Memoir, memoir and biography. Do you like those genres?
Lana Wachowski who wrote and directed The Matrix starred in The Matrix starred in The Matrix Revisited.
Ninja Assassin starred Keanu Reeves and Joseph Gordon Levitt. Do you like these actors?
I'm a fan of Thrillers. Did you watch that movie?
Yes, I like Echoes of Silence. Isn't Echoes of Silence from a friend?
It looks that they had a lot of different people and they're a very good song too. I think I'd like to hear it again.
Yes it is a mystery/suspense book by John Grisham. Are you familiar with his work?
Sure! One of his most popular thrillers is The Pelican Brief. Have you read it?
I'm not sure of that, but I know it was released in 1971.
I believe it is the most popular novel of his in the literature, The Pelican Brief. Would you like me to send it to you?
Yes. It is written in English and is a book in English.
You're welcome.
Of course, i'm assuming you like Dr. Sues and children's literature?
The Cat in the Hat, Hop on Pop and There's a Wocket in My Pocket are some of his works. Have you read those?
I do. There's a Wocket in My Pocket is a book that was released in 1960.
You're welcome.
I love him! I especially liked him when he was on the Voice. Do you like the Voice?
I don't like that type of music. What other type of music do you like?
No, I'm not a huge fan of the Comedy.
He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
Yes, it is science fiction. Do you like that genre?
I hope you enjoy them!
Are you referring to The Tragedy of Othello, The Moor of Venice written by William Shakespeare?
He also wrote Romeo and Juliet, A Midsummer Night's Dream, and Twelfth Night. Have you read any of those?
I suggest Gnomeo & Juliet. Have you heard of it?
No problem.
Anthony Hopkins starred in The Edge. Did you know he also starred in Bobby.
Yes, Anthony Hopkins also starred in Bobbye and The Devil Wears Prada
The movie was released in 2002.
Anthony Hopkins starred in Tropic Thunder which is a good one
You're welcome
You might like Wizard and Glass and The Sandman:Endless Nights. Are you a fan of horror or fantasy films?
Yes, that's correct. Do you like Fantasy films?
That's a great choice, some of his influences include Janet Evanovich, Jane Austen, and Peter Hyams.
Yes, The Graveyard Book is considered children's literature, and speculative fiction.
You're welcome!
It stars Scarlett Johansson and Matt Letscher.
She stars in the movie We Bought a Zoo and The Prestige. Do you like crime thrillers?
Ok, i'll add them to your watch list.
Alright, she's also in We Bought a Zoo and The Prestige.
I'm sorry, I do not have that information.
You're welcome!
Certainly! It stars Vivica A. Fox and David Carradine to name a few. I haven't seen it yet, have you seen it?
Vivica A. Fox was also in Why Did I Get Married Too. You might like that one as well.
Yes, he is. He was also in Pulp Fiction as well. Do you like his acting?
The are a pretty good team. Do you follow football much?
I don't know much about him, other than he played for the Seattle Seahawks.
I haven't heard of that one. I will definitely check it out.
Robert Duvall starred a few Americam Film like tha Apostle, God Father. Have you seen this movie?
Yes, he did, and did you know he also wrote The Apostle?
Of course, if you like Tarantino films you might also like You Only Live Twice and You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger.
Christina Perri is a musician and a musician.
no, I did not know that. What is your favorite song?
yea hes a good one as well.
that is very cool. What other sports do you like?
I think he is a really good artist. What about you?
Honestly, I don't know that one. What other type of music do you like?
I never heard of it I will definitely check it out, thanks for the recommendation.
Yes, The Fellowship of the Ring is based on The Fellowship of the Ring. The Fellowship of the Ring is a fantasy novel.
I know that Sean Bean starred in The Good Doctor and Inside Man.
Christopher Lee was in The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers and The Fellowship of the Ring.
The Battle of Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
I believe The Titan's Curse is a young adult fiction. Do you like this genre?
Well, The Heart of Darkness is a good one.
I'm always glad to help.
He directed The Simpsons Movie, are you familiar with that show?
He also directed The Simpsons Movie. He also directed The Red Pony.
You might like The Drawings of Henrietta Lackman, it's also animation.
You're welcome, enjoy!
She wrote Shadow and Wicked. Are you a fan of musical theater?
Yes, Wicked was released in 1995 and is a play.
I'm sorry, I do not have that information.
You're welcome.
No, I haven't. What genre are you looking for?
It also starred James Brolin. Do you like his work?
It was released in 2013.
You're welcome.
Yes. He wrote the Bonesetter's Daughter. Are you familiar with that?
It is written in English and is a thriller. Did you enjoy that genre?
I believe it was written by Stephen King and is a fantasy novel. Do you like Stephen King?
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure. He directed Super with Rob Zombie and Slither with Jenna Fischer.
Jason Statham and Brad Pitt are in Slither.
I can recommend You, Me , and Dupree if you like.
I hope you enjoy them
He wrote The Merchant of Venice and Much a do About Nothing. I can tell you a lot about Paul Werstine if you would like?
Yes, you are right.
Yes. Gnomeo & Juliet was written by Paul Werstine.
Elysium is a action thriller staring Matt Damon and was released in 2013.
I can definitely recommend Titanic with Leonardo DiCaprio and in that case.
He's been in a lot of movies. One of them is The People Speak. Have you seen it?
There are so many good movies! Have you seen Gravity?
I'll have to check that out
I believe his last album was released in 2016. Do you like him?
Yes, you are correct. Did you know Sam Smith played on the radio for a while?
I would definitely recommend The Assassination of Jesse James by the way.
I like a lot of them. My favorite band is Dallas Cowboys though. How about you?
Are you in to Chinese? Since most of his books are written in a weird language
Would you like information about it?
Its fantasy fiction, do you like those?
He is a Mixed Martial Artist with a specialty in Brazil and played in the UEFA Champions League Final.
He also played in the UFC 94 and was born in Rio de Janeiro.
Yes, I believe she's American as well
Cao Chi is a ballet dancer. He wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
He wrote The Universe in a Nutshell. Would you like to know more about that?
It has a Aside from being a writer, Tom Hanks, and Jennifer Lawrence. It was released in 2015.
Okay, enjoy!
I like his song New Perspective! What about you?
Is this the book that was written by Frances Mayes?
Under Magnolia was released in 2004.
Under Magnolia was released in 2004.
Brad Garrett starred in Underdog ,The Pacifier,The Country Bears and The Clockwork Girl among other movies
The Pacifier is a Thriller and suspense movie. Do you like those types of movies?
Underdog is a comedy. Do you like movies in these genres?
You're welcome! Enjoy.
Do you enjoy crime or dramas?
The Escapist is a thriller starring Matt Damon and was released in 2006.
I know he starred in The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou. Have you seen it?
He wrote Thirteen Reasons Why and The Future of Us. Do either of those interest you?
Wildwood Dancing is a good one, have you read it?
Stones into Schools: Promoting Peace with Books, Not Bombs, in Afghanistan and Pakistan.
It was released on February 18, 1922. Anything else I can help you with?
Awesome! I hope you enjoy it.
This book is written by Cassandra Clare. Would you like to know more about her?
Yes, The Mortal Instruments was released in 2013.
The Bane Chronicles and The Shadowhunter's Codex were both released that year.
You bet! I hope you enjoy them.
The Historian has the genre suspense which includes The Last Templar and The Collector. Would either of these interest you?
I actually don't have any more names. But I do know that suspense was written by William H. Macy and released in 1960.
I can definitely recommend Without Fail by Dick Hall. It was released in 2012. It's an excellent thriller.
You're very welcome.
The Messenger is a great one or The Mark of Athena.
Did you like it because it was written by Tate Taylor or because it is a Romance?
Yes! He was also in Welcome to the Monkey House and Timequake. Have you seen them?
It's a drama/thriller. It's also considered a children's film.
You're welcome!
Sure. Didn't that movie star Robert Downey Jr.? If you like his movies, you might try The Avengers or One Night Stand.
The movie is crime fiction and adventure. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Val Kilmer starred in it as well.
You are welcome!
Sure! He directed Snow White and the Huntsman. Have you seen that?
Correct. Kristen Stewart played a role in that movie. Do you like her movies?
He also wrote Tales of Beedle the Bard.
You're welcome!
Sure! The Mark of Athena is a Greek mythology book written by Rick Riordan.
I think it was a great one! Do you like The Titan's Curse because it's considered a fantasy?
You're welcome!
I don't know much about The Weeknd, is he a friend with Selena Gomez?
That's right. She was great in The Muppets too. She also starred in Spring Breakers and Ramona and Her Father.
I like Vegas, too. The Muppets and The Muppets too.
Not really, I think she is kind of weird. I saw A Very Gaga Thanksgiving and didn't like it at all.
Will Smith's a great actor! Have you seen it?
Yes Michael Ealy starred in that movie as well. Robert De Niro was also in it.
Sure! He wrote Terms of Endearment. Have you read that one?
You might enjoy Under the Tuscan Sun. It's a romantic comedy. Have you seen it?
I don't have any other recommendations, but you might like The Women of Brewster Place.
Evan Goldberg directed The Goonies. It is a great movie. Did you know he also directed The Rum Diary?
Great, I hope you enjoy her work!
Yes, This is the End is a comedy with a theme similar to The Looking Glass Wars.
You are welcome enjoy
Yes, John G. Avildenen is a screenwriter and he wrote the Karate Kid.
Yes, Sylvester Stallone also wrote The Tempest. Have you heard of it?
That is a great movie. It stars Tom Hanks, Bruce Willis, and Jason Bateman.
Yes, she starred in The Cosby Show.
Glad I could help!
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix actually has a sequel called Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince. Another title in the same genre is The Queen of Attolia.
They are young adult fiction genre, would you like to know more about that?
I am sorry not seeing any other movies written by J.K. Rowling, do you like her?
I am not sure, but I can tell you that The Order of the Phoenix has the genre of Fantasy
No, I have not seen the director
You are welcome
Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
You may enjoy The Clan of the Cave Bear. Jean M Auel also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
The Shelters of Stone is a Fantasy novel that was released in 1993.
That book was written by John Scalzi and is Speculative fiction. You might enjoy that one as well.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Derek Jacobi starred in a lots of movies. I like his acting in Unforgivable Blackness and Underworld:Evolution. Are those appealing to you?
Unforgivable Blackness also starred Jack Nicholson and Jennifer Lawrence.
He sure did! He was also in The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1, and Part 2.
That is correct. Kevin Spacey also starred in the movie.
I know he is an athlete and plays cricket
I'm more of a baseball fan. I like American football. What about you?
No. I sometimes watch tennis than golf. Do you like to watch any golf?
Yes, he is very good at what he does at.
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
That's Larry Bird. Who's your favorite player?
I think I heard of him. Do you like him? He's a great actor.
Probably so, however their coach John Fox seems very effective.
The Sea of Monsters was written by Rick Riordan.
I'm not sure, but The Sea of Monsters would be considered young adult fiction.
You might enjoy The Lightning Thief
Have you read The Curious Case of Benjamin Button?
It was released in 1990. Have you read it?
He wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Great Gatsby. Have you read them?
You are very welcome! Enjoy!
Michael Crichton wrote a book called Disclosure with Demi Moore if that interests you.
I'm sorry! I don't have any information on that.
Sure. Robin Cook has written a lot of short stories and novels that have been made into films.
You are welcome. Let me know if you need anything else.
Well, Ratatouille was great! Did you like it because it was directed by Christopher Waltz?
Yes he does! Jason Lee also wrote and starred in The Incredibles!
You're welcome!
Great Expectations: Pip's Name and Going Astray: Dickens and London.
Yes, it is a biography. Do you like biography?
The Devil Wears Prada is another book written by him you might like
That song is kind of a classic. One of my favorites is When You Reach Me. Do you know that one?
Yes, it was. Do you like Ed Sheeran?
There's a Wocket in My Pocket, if you haven't heard
It was a Satirical Science Fiction novel written by Kurt Vonnegut. Do you like the genre or the author more?
Siddhartha is a book written by Hermann Hesse. Would you like books by Hesse?
It was written by Matthew Vaughn and released in 2010.
He has also written You've Been Warneds.
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers was written by J.R.R Tolkien. It was released 1954.
Then you might also enjoy The Hunger Games.
I don't know much about Orlando Bloom, but I can tell you he has a brother named Seth Meyers.
Absolutely! Do you like Adventures of Sherlock Holmes because it is a mystery or because it is a detective fiction novel?
Great! He also wrote The Complete Novels and The Return of Sherlock Holmes. Do you like detective fiction novels?
The genre is mystery. Do you like these genres?
Yes, The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes is a short story.
Do you like The Girl on the Train because it's a psychological thriller?
The Girl on the Train was written by Peter Hyams.
I haven't see any other films filmed in Mexico that I know of. But I heard it was good.
Yes, Sam Smith is a great Singer. I love his music!
I've only seen her father's song One Time. Have you heard of that one?
Yes, she's great! My favorite she song is What Happens in Vegas. Do you like her?
Yes. He directed Three Kings. Are you a fan of adventure films?
No, Nora Dunn starred in it as well. Do you like thrillers?
Do you like Drama movies or just movies with David O. Russell?
No problem, enjoy!
Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995. It is a young-adult fiction book. Do you like this genre?
Yes, it was also written by Christopher Bigsby
Yes, it is a drama, do you like drama?
I recommend The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
He starred in The Wrestler, The Thomas Crown Affair, The Fountain, and Scarface to name a few.
Yes, Marisa Tomei starred in it as well.
Yes, she starred in The Wrestler, she also starred in The Virgin Suicides and Lady Gaga.
No, I don't have any information on the Wrestler. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! He directed Legend of Tarzan and Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. Do you like dramas?
He also directed The Legend of Tarzan, The Order of the Phoenix, and The Pillars of the Earth. Do you like those?
You're very welcome! Anything else I can help with?
He wrote The Dark Knight and The Witching Hour. Have you read them?
I highly recommend The Passage and The Sun Also Rises.
No problem. Glad to help.
Sure, Stefan Kapicic Starred in Deadpool a comedy and also starred Ryan Reynolds. Do you like his work?
It is a great movie. Stefan Kapicic also starred in Wolverine and the X-Men series. Do you like either of those?
It would be considered a superhero movie and it's really funny.
Sure. That's a film based on J.K. Rowling's work. Do you enjoy the Harry Potter series?
The book was released in 2001, the same year The Prisoner of Azkaban was released
Sure, she wrote We Were Liars, The Disreputable History of Frankie Landaue-Banks, and the Boyfriend List. Have you read any of those?
It sure is. It was released in 1929. Did you know it won the Goodreads Choice Award?
It's a great read. Enjoy.
Interstellar starred Matthew McConaughey, Mackenzie Foy and Anne Hathaway. It is a Sci-fi/adeventure, was released in 2014. Do you like those genres?
If you like Interstellar, you might enjoy The Wolverine and the Watchmen. Have you seen those?
Another good Sci-Fi movie you might like is X-Men: First Class.
It stars Sarah Silverman and Anthony Hopkins to name a few. I think you might also like The Last Airbender
Cool. You may also like X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class.
Yes! His song We Rode in Trucks is unbelievable!
It's a pop music. Do you like country?
It's a pop music. Do you like them?
He directed Equilibrium a drama and Ultraviolet
You might like that movie, it's in the drama genre. It also stars Emily Watson.
Great, she starred in The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
No problem, enjoy!
He is a scientist and he wrote The Verdict
I am not sure but I know he is a scientist too.
It is fiction genre
Do you like The Selection because it is written by Kiera Cass or because it is a Young-adult fiction?
You may enjoy The Siren, The Prince, or The One
You may also like The One, The Selection and The One, The One, Both are Non-fiction books.
You're most welcome
Waking Life. Waking Life is starring Nicky Katt I would recommend
Yes, Nicky Katt also starred in Dazed and Confused. He also directed Dazed and Confused.
Sure, You are welcome.
He directed Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
John Green wrote it. Are you interested in other books by him?
Sure. John Green also wrote Paper Towns.
Are you interested in other books written by John Green?
Any other recommendations you would like by John Green?
Yes, Good Will Hunting was directed by Matt Damon. Do you like dramas?
He did. He also directed Restless Nights and The House of Mirth. Have you seen them?
That is correct. He also starred in The Matrix Revisited. Have you seen that one?
I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
He's written When You Are Engulfed in Flames and Santaland Diaries. Have you read them?
He's also an author. He wrote Dress Your Family in Corduroy and Denim, which you might like.
Yes, they are very good reads. Did you know he wrote Dressed to Kill?
It was written by E. Lockhart in 2014.
Sure, E. Lockhart wrote We Were Liars, The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks, and The Shopaholic series. Do you like her books?
It's a fictional supervillain team and it's about a boy with facial differences attending elementary for the first time. Does that interest you?
You are welcome. Have a great day.
Charles Frazier is a British literacy critic and author. He wrote many books such as Thirteen Moons and the book that went to film called Cold Mountain.
It's a non fiction genre. Would you like to know more about it?
Jean Rhys wrote it.
You're welcome.
They are a great kpop band. Do you like them?
You should check out their music, I am a fan of theirs. I like a lot of them. I like Little Women, How about you?
Yes he's a great actor. He starred in Island of the Blue Dolphins along with Ted Danson and Justin Timberlake. Have you seen them?
He wrote Island of the Blue Dolphins which was released in 1960.
Yes, he did. Éric-Emmanuel Schmitt is a writer and poet.
He plays professional table tennis. I don't follow the sport much. Do you watch any table tennis tournaments ?
I believe so. He has also participated in the 2012 Olympics.
No problem. Can I help you with anything else?
Het Achterhuis: Dagboekbrieven 14 juni 1942 - 1 augustus 1944.
It appears to be in English
You may be interested in Will Grayson by Eleanor Roosevelt or Anne Frank.
You're welcome
That was written by Nicholas Pileggi and Martin Scorsese. It stars Vincent Pastore, Vincent Gallo, Samuel L. Jackson and Robert De Niro to name a few. Do you like movies with those actors?
Goodfellas is a war film. Do you like the genre or the actors?
Have you seen The Lost City of Faar? It is a good movie.
Robert DeNiro also starred in What Just Happened.
Yes, it is. Art Linson also wrote Nineteen Eighty-Four.
You're welcome!
Do you like this because it is a crime movie or because is an adventure movie?
Rodger Bumpass starred in What Lies Beneath.
The movie was released in 2005.
You are welcome.
The Boston Celtics are a professional basketball team coached by Doc Rivers and Brad Stevens.
Sometimes. I prefer American Football. Do you like football?
I do, I like the Lakers. Who is your favorite team?
I'll have to check out one of his games!
Sure, he starred in the Pianist.
Yes that is true he is in a lot of movies. Are you familiar with his work?
Simon West also directed Shooting the Past. Have you seen that one?
She wrote Tuck Everlasting. I bet you would like it.
Yes, it would be considered a Romance and Fiction. Would you like to know more?
Yes, it is considered romance and historical fiction.
Enjoy!
Stephen Chbosky wrote The Perks of Being a Wallflower. Did you like the movie because it was a comedy?
Roland Emmerich wrote The Perks of Being a Wallflower and he also wrote The Day After Tomorrow.
Yes, that is correct. Tom McCarthy also starred in Will & Grace.
You are welcome!
No I don't. I know that Basher Savage starred in Gravity
Sorry, I don't have that information. Can I help you with anything else?
Gravity was released in 2013. It has genres Fantasy, Sci-Fi and Drama. Do you like those genres?
Ozma of Oz is a good Sci-Fi film. How about that?
You're very welcome.
I don't like the Oakland Raiders. To be fair, I don't like them. Did you know that they were owned by businessman Mark Davis?
I didn't know that. Do you have a favorite team?
Yes, they did. Do you like the Oaklands?
It was written by Christopher Nolan and starred Michael Caine and Scarlett Johansson.
It starred Roger Rees and Hugh Jackman.
Rebecca Hall starred in WALL-E which is a science fiction film
You are welcome.
Catch 22 is in the War and Satire genre. Is this the genre you prefer?
I would say it is a war novel and is related to the war novel.
There is a book similar to it called Closing Time. Would you like to know more about it?
You are welcome.
He wrote Tempted which is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 2007 in English and is a part of a series.
You are very welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
Yes. It's a good book. Did you know it was written by Richard Maxwell?
It is! It is also a romance novel, similar to White Teeth.
I will have to check that out. Did you know that Zadie Smith is a scientist?
You're welcome.
John Lasseter directed The Bonesetter's Daughter, starring Bruce Willis. Have you seen it?
It was released in 2004. It's a great movie!
Yes, Tom Hanks, Selena Gomez also starred in the film.
Sure, no problem.
He is ok but I think his Spouse Hayden Panettiere is great
Her husband Hayden Panettiere starred in Ocean's Eleven. She also starred in Ocean's Eleven.
Yes, I agree. The Titans also has Denzel Washington.
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
Yes, I like the Redskins. What is your favorite team?
I am not a huge football fan but I have to say Alex Smith plays the position of point guard
Sure, that one was released in 1990 and was written by Terry Pratchett and Neil Gaiman.
Yes that is correct. Wyrd Sisters falls under the genre Fantasy. Do you like fantasy novels?
Wyrd Sisters has a genre of Fantasy and Children's Literature. Witches Abroad and Wolf Brother are in that genre
He is on the Golden State Warriors. Do you like basketball?
I believe he is 47 years old
No, he actually played with the Warriors
No problem
Me too! Anthony Heald starred in The Silence of the Lambs as well as The Client.
Ted Tally wrote The Silence of the Lambs as well, it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You should check out The Silence of the Lambs, it is also a thriller that was produced by Ted Tally
Enjoy your film!
The Transformers series are great! Are you a fan of Sci-fi or action films?
Yes, Shia Lebouf also starred in Revenge of the Fallen. Do you like her movies?
I have another movie called The Bounty Hunter with Shia Lebouf in it, do you like revenge?
Russell is a basketball athlete who plays point guard for the Seattle Supersonics.
Yes I am a fan of the Miami Heat. How about you?
Yes, they were played in the 90s. He was a good player.
I don't know about Hush but I can recommend you movies where Christoph Waltz starred.
Yes, it is part of a series
It is a fictional novel by William Shakespeare
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy them
You too
A few things. He's from London and plays Golf most prominently.
I feel the same way, I am not much into golf either. One of my favorite golfers is Tiger Woods.
Is that the movie written by Adam Sandler, starring him and Ben stiller?
The are a football team in the AFC East. Jimmy Buffett is their coach. Do you like the Dolphins?
Oh, I'm a big fan of the New England Patriots. Who's your favorite team?
They are playing against the Tennessee Titans in the NFC south. That could be exciting!
Yes, actually he wrote Rayuela in 1963. Are you a fan of his work?
It was released in 1963 and is in English.
You're welcome.
Anne-Marie is a singer. Is that who you mean?
Yes. Did you know she was in The Giver is a science fiction movie?
The Giver was written by Lois Lowry, who also wrote Tumbleweeds.
Are youreferring to the book Looking for Alaska written by John Green?
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars, which is also a book.
If you like fiction, I would recommend The Fault in Our Stars, also written by John Green.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works
Breakfast at Tiffany's was produced by Truman Capote. Would you like more information about Murder?
I haven't seen it but I'll have to check it out. Thanks for all the information.
Sure! Nathan Greno directed Finding Nemo starring Matthew McConaughey. It is a family movie. Do you like family movies?
That is a good movie! Mandy Moore was also in The Nightingale. Have you seen it?
The Muppets and The Passage are both great family films.
You are right, if you like Tim Allen, you should check out Your Highness!
Yes! He was, too! He was so great in Larry Crowne!
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Yes. The movie Artificial Intelligence is a great thriller starring Steven Spielberg. Would you like to hear more about it?
The Goonies is a good one! Steven Speilberg also wrote A.I. Artificial Intelligence and starred Robin Williams. Have you seen them?
This movie was released in 2006.
Great movie! It starred Russell Crowe, Paul Bettany, Michael Abbott, Jr., and Judd Hirsch.
He also starred in Zombieland
He also starred in Zombieland
You're welcome. Enjoy
Sure one is Bugsy other one is in that movie. Can you tell me who else stars in The Godfather?
George Clooney directed The Scent of a Woman.
I believe so.
He has starred in many films, including Unbreakable and The Assassination of Jesse James.
Witless Protection is a crime and drama film directed by Roland Emmerich.
Armageddon is a good one as well as Crime.
Armin Mueller-Stahl and Anthony Hopkins to name a few.
Glad to help!
Yes I do she has some good songs Rockabye and Heavy Speak your Mind. But I like Selena Gomez and Rihanna much better.
Anne-Marie is a singer like Paul McCartney. You like Paul McCartney?
I am not sure but I like The Weeknd. Do you like The Weeknd?
Not really, I am more of a Linkin Park fan but I do like their music. They are my favorite bands.
I personally like their music. I am more of a Classic rock fan. What about you?
They're pretty dynamic on and off the top of my head. I like the song One Step Closer. Do you know any of their music?
Sure, he starred in movies like Will Grayson, Wreck-It Ralph and The Temple of My Familiar. Have you seen them?
He was also in The Wicker Man and The Incredibles. Have you seen those?
He was in Twilight and The Skulls.
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Casual Vacancy and The Passage.
That's a great family movie. She also starred in Will & Grace.
Sure! You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! Sylvia Plath wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath and Ariel. What genres do you prefer?
Yes, she did write The Collected Poems and The Collected Poems.
Writings of Sylvia Plath, have you heard of it?
I think he was the most popular one of his today. Did you know he was in The Wiz?
That is a good question, I never heard of it. Do you like it?
That's the one. The whale is written by John Lee Hancock.
Sure! He directed Deadpool. Do you like Deadpool?
Deadpool is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
I don't know, but you should check it out.
No problem, enjoy!
He wrote II Principe.
Il Principe was also written by Niccol Machiavelli, in English. Would you like to read it?
I don't have any information on that, but you may want to check out Il Principe. It was released in 1513.
Oh you must give it a try! It was also written by Niccol Machiavelli, in English.
Sure! He wrote Three Kings. Are you a fan of fiction novels?
I am sorry, I do not have that information.
Yes, it is written in English.
She has written many good books. Two of which are The Color Purple and Possessing The Secret of Joy.
The novel is fiction and historical fiction. Do you like those genres?
Yes, it is a musical like The Color Purple
Oh that starred Christopher Nolan
I am not sure, but I know it was written by Thomas Hardy
You are welcome , Enjoy
The soccer player? I heard he is good. He is fourth-most goals scored of all time in the European Cup and UEFA Champions League.
Wow. Thanks for the info. Thanks for the info.
Personally they aren't my favorite team but I much prefer the New England Patriots.
Sure. Did you like The Scarlet Letter because it is a drama or because it is a romance?
He wrote The Cider House Rules.
The World According to Garp is a Fiction Novel that was released in 1979.
It was released in 1979.
You're welcome!
Yes he wrote Set It Off starring Vivica A Fox and David Carradine.
She's amazing. I like her song Hot n Cold. Are you a fan of hers?
It was produced by Gary Gray and starred Tom Hanks and Rosario Dawson. It is a science fiction film.
Of course! Enjoy!
Have you seen other movies in the same genre, like Ocean's Thirteen?
The Fight Club was directed by David Fincher and stars Edward Norton with Brad Pitt. Are you a fan of his?
I don't know about a comedy movie, but I would recommend Water for Elephants which is a comedy.
Brad Pitt has starred in a few movies including The Doors of Perception & The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
You're welcome.
It's a romance novel written by Kurt Vonnegut. Do you like romance novels?
You might enjoy The Hunger Games or The Book Thief if you like Emily Watson.
It is! Some other Romantic films you might like include The Best Man and The Secret Life of Bees.
Is he an actor or an athelete
You should watch Cricket. It is a very popular sport in the U.S.
That's a great sport also. Did you know he was born in India?
I think they are pretty good, I really like Lakers. Who is your favorite team?
Mike Brown is a good coach. Do you like him?
Yes, Holes is a book for young adults and is filled with adventure.
Wayside School is Falling Down is written by Louis Sachar. He also wrote small steps.
Yes, Holes was written by Louis Sachar. I am happy to help.
I think he plays basketball for the Golden State Warriors. He plays both positions shooting guard and point guard.
I'm not sure, but he's also a point guard for the Denver Broncos.
They are all basketball movies. A good one to check out is Larry O'Brien.
You're welcome!
He starred in the movies Vulgar and The Butterfly Effect. Have you seen those?
Sure, Vulgar was released in 1995. Kevin Smith directed and starred in The Pillars of the Earth.
Sure, I will add it to your list of movies to watch. You're going to like it.
Sure, he starred in The Man Who Knew( Burnt Paper Sky) and The Man Who Knew( Burnt Paper Sky)
You're very welcome. Enjoy the movie!
I haven't heard much. I think it is a soccer team. Do you like soccer?
Not really, i actually watch soccer from time to time but I heard he plays for Manchester United F.C. and the Brazil national team
I haven't read it, but I heard it's a good piece of speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure. The Pillars of the Earth and The Omen Machine are some of his works. Have you read them?
It is a romance novel.
Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell. He also wrote Animal Farm.
My apologies. Do you like Novels? Have you read it?
He wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer and Nineteen Eighty-Four.
I am not sure about the novel. Would you like me to add it to your reading list?
Great, I will add them to your library.
It is a fiction novel, similar to Nineteen Eighty-Four.
I will add them to your reading list.
You are welcome.
I know he was born in Atlanta but plays quarterback for the Carolina Panthers. Are you a football fan?
Wes Welker on the team! Did you know he was born in Houston?
I heard Stephen Gostkowski is a good quarterback. Do you like him? He's with the New England Patriots?
Yes I do, he is an infamous boxer that boxed for many years. His nickname is Money. Do you like Boxing?
Sorry, I don't have that information. What other sports do you like?
Oh, I did not know that. I think I have heard of him.
Well, The Time Machine was written by H.G. Wells who also wrote The War of the Worlds.
It was written by Robert Zemeckis.
The genre is science fiction and fantasy.
The Host is similar and is also written by Stephenie Meyer. Have you seen that one ?
You may want to check out The Time Traveler's Wife. It's in the romance genre, and it's in the Romance genre.
Of course. It stars Steve Buscemi and Steve Buscemi. It's an all-star cast.
Good for them, I think you will enjoy it.
Andrew Garfield starred in Zombieland with his mate, Emma Stone.
Andrew Garfield also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man. The Amazing Spider-Man is a science fiction starring Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield.
Yes she did. She also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man 2.
Sure. It's written by Dale carnegie. Similar books are The magic of Thinking Big and The Happiness Project.
One of my favorites is How to Win Friends and Influence People. Have you read them?
He also wrote How to Win Friends and Influence People.
You're welcome!
Do you like the New York Yankees?
Jack Reacher is a mystery/Thriller movie starring Tom Cruise, Robert Duvall and David Oyelowo. It's a great mystery thriller.
Jack Reacher is a psychological thriller and was produced by Robert Duvall. Are you a fan of Tom Cruise?
Shark Night also stars Kyla Pratt and Dustin Milligan.
No, I haven't heard his music but I know that he is very talented, he is a songwriter too.
Yes, he is a great pianist. Do you like him?
I don't have any information on his songs, but I can tell you he is from Chico, California.
Are you a fan of animated films? If so I would recommend The Incredibles.
Ratatouille also wrote The Incredibles and The Cat in the Hat, which are great!
You're welcome!
Steve Buscemi is also a director
Great, you may like The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. It's also a Crime Thriller.
It stars Frank Welker and Jason WiIes. Have you seen it?
I'm glad I could help.
Was this book written by Paula McLain?
No, I haven't. But I know it was influenced by Paula McLain, who wrote Circling the Sun.
Ciricling the Sun was released in 2015, and it was in English.
Yes, it was! Enjoy!
Yes, she's a very talented singer. Did you know Clay Aiken is friends with her?
I really do, Did you know she is friends with Kelly?
I am a fan of hers. She has a very talented voice. What do you think about her?
That is a good reality television show. I also enjoy watching the show American Idol.
Do you like City of Fallen Angels because it is written by Cassandra Clare?
The book was written by Cassandra Clare, would you like me to play it for you?
The Iron Giant and The Mortal Instruments are part of the series, have you read them?
No problem! Enjoy.
Yes! Terry George directed Hotel Rwanda, starring Sophie Okonedo and Joaquin Phoenix. He also directed Hotel Rwanda.
It is an adventure starring Terry George.
Vivica A Fox and David Carradine to name a few.
I believe it is a Drama.
I can definitely recommend The Monuments Men or The Return of the King.
I am sorry, I do not have that information.
Absolutely, Franz Kafka wrote The Castle as well as Amerika
The Castle was released in 2003 in English and is a novelist and author. Are you interested in the book or the movie?
My data base does not include that information. It was a fiction book that was released in 2008.
You're welcome! Have a great day.
Have you seen Ocean's Eleven? He directed that.
Catch Me If You Can also starred Julia Roberts and Richard Donner. It is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Sure! Paula Hawkins wrote The Red Pyramid and The Raven King. Have you read either of these?
It was,The book was turned into a movie
No problem
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren. what else can i answer for you today?
The Siren is a fantasy novel and The Queen is fantasy. Do you like fantasy books?
If you like young-adult fiction, I would recommend The Siren. It's similar to The Queen.
The Modern Prometheus is written by Percy Bysshe Shelley and Percy Bysshe Shelley.
Percy Bysshe Shelley wrote The Last Man and The Modern Prometheus. Do any of these interest you?
He was also in The Last Man and The Emperor's New Groove.
Love the Night is a great one by her.
Yes, Paper Towns was written by John Green, is a young adult fiction/ mystery and was released in 2010.
I have. Are you a fan of the book The Fault in Our Stars?
He is a basketball player and plays the position of point guard.
Yes he was, do you know who starred in that?
Yes they do and are a basketball player. Are you a fan of basketball?
Sure! It was written by James Dashner and released in 2012. It's a young-adult fiction movie.
Yes, Way Station is a great science fiction book. Have you read it?
Yes I have. Would you like me to send it to you?
Of course! X-men is an action movie, and a sci-fi flick, but I get the feeling you'd like it?
Rosario Dawson and Kevin Spacey are both in it. Do you like them?
Volcano stars Tom Cruise and Danny DeVito. It was released in 1999.
I definitely would! Moulin Rouge is written by both Craig Pearce and Baz Luhrmann.
That is correct! Missy Eliot starred in a lot of movies. Do you like his acting?
Daniel Craig starred in it and Mia Wasikowska, who was also in it.
You're welcome
Cristiano Ronaldo is a soccer player who had a romantic relationship with Irina Shayk
Not really. I am more of a American Football fan. What about you?
I sometimes watch football because I am a American Football fan. Who do you like?
I do like to watch the World Cup but I also like the Denver Broncos.
I am a Redskins fan so I kind of like the redskins. Who is your favorite team?
They will be in the superbowl. What do you think?
Sure he starred in The Wildest Dream with Alan Rickman.
Sure. Do you like Scarface because it's a thriller?
Yes, it is a movie based on a book by Oliver Stone.
Yes. Rodney Dangerfield also starred in The Matrix Revisited. It was directed by Oliver Stone too.
You're welcome!
He wrote Little Miss Sunshine starring Paul Dano.
Breslin is a great actor. He also did a point guard for the Detroit Pistons.
It was released in 2007 and is a Romance/Comedy.
You're welcome.
Yes, Jason Derulo is a singer-songwriter and songwriter. Do you like his music?
I do, I like his music alot. Did you know Jason Derulo was influenced by a lot of his music
Yes, she has a few years and has a few years to name a few.
Sure, what Alice Forgot was written by Liane Moriarty and was released in 2009. Are you interested in her work?
It was released in 2014. You may also like the movie What Alice Forgot by Liane.
That was a great book. The next one in the series is Speaker for the Dead. Do you like science fiction?
Speaker of the Dead and Speakers of the Dead will be speculative fiction
I do not know who wrote Waylander. Would you like to know more about this book?
You are welcome. Enjoy
Sure, Do you like Aladdin because it is a sci-fi or action movie?
The Princess and the Frog is directed by Ronan Bennett
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I sure do! She is a very talented singer. Did you know she was in Men in Black 3?
Probably. Did you know she starred in The Edge of Glory in the 1980s?
Yeah, she was in The Muppets too, I think it was a great movie
Coldplay is a band with Chris Martin as the lead vocal. Do you like their music?
I might have to check that out, too. I like Yellow as well, too.
Yes! That's right. Amsterdam has some pretty good record labeled it out.
Sure, I can help! He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen that?
He starred in The House of Mirth and The Fugitive.
Yes she was in Trixie. She also starred in The Wool Cap.
No problem
Kahil Gilbran wrote The Prophet. It is a Fantasy. Do you like those genres?
Speculative fiction. what else can i answer for you today?
The Prophet was released 2008 what else can i do for you today?
you are welcome
I think he starred in Jumanji. Do you like him?
Justin Timberlake I know he was born in Chico, California. Do you like his music?
It's more of a classic/romance. But, if you like Justin Timberlake I could look into Men in Black 3. You should check it out.
Yes, he is a great writer! He wrote The Little House Collection. Have you read that?
The book is in the genre of speculative fiction and fantasy.
It was released in 2003
I'm glad to help. Enjoy.
Wolverine is in the genre of Thriller and stars Hugh Jackman.
Rise of the Guardians is an action/adventure film
He also wrote Rise of the Guardians, which is a Fantasy.
He also starred in Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle Earth.
The film Red stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Waits? Have you seen it?
He has starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen them?
He also starred in The Crucible and The Manchurian Candidate, both great drama films.
It was written by Roland Emmerich.
Great choice, the movie Shooter was written by Stephen Hunter and starring Tate Donovan.
Jason Statham and Rudy Russo are the main stars.
That is correct. The O.C. was released in 2003.
You're welcome, I hope you like it!
Do you like Godfather because it is a drama, or because it is a crime movie?
To Kill a Mockingbird is a really popular one, have you seen it?
I am not sure who stars in that movie. Do you like crime movies?
Of course, Maleficent stars Sam Neill and Emma Stone. Do you like them?
Sure. She also starred in Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Have you seen that one?
Yes! That was Mr. and Mrs Smith was great in it!
Yes I did. Did you know Owen Wilson also starred in it?
Owen Wilson was in that but he did a lot of movies. Did you know he was William H. Macy?
He's on the India national football team. Do you like the team?
He's a Midfielder and forward. Do you like the team?
He's a Midfielder and forward as a Forward. Do you like him?
I know he play soccer for the Real Madrid C.F. from Portugal. You like soccer
No, I am not sure. What sport do you like?
Yes, and he is the captain of the Portugal national football team.
The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Would you like to hear about other movies with him in it?
Yes, John Travolta wrote Edge of Tomorrow.
You might also like Shadow of the Giant or Gone with the Wind.
Yes she is and Bill Murray starred in Zombieland too. Do you like her?
I will add it to your watch list. Enjoy
That movie is ok, I like it because it is a romance movie. Do you like romance movies?
I like romantic comedies like Zooey Deschanel. Do you like romantic comedies?
I like murder mystery, would you like me to watch one of those?
I haven't seen Pacifier. I know he is a musician and actor in it. Do you like him?
Sure, she wrote Beautiful Redemption and Beautiful Darkness, which are young adult fiction.
Z for Zachariah is a romance novel she wrote released in 1920.
I believe so. I haven't read Beautiful Creatures, but I can tell you that it was adapted into a film.
I don't really like them. I think they are the most arrogant team in the MLB, and I don't like them.
He's from California. Are you a Yankee fan?
The Psychological thriller was directed by Christopher Nolan. Have you seen it?
I can't find the producer, but I do know that Tom Everett produced it.
He also produced That Thing You Do!
I am not sure of that but I do know that Tom Everett and Tilda Swinton starred in it as well.
Sure. The movie is based on a book that was released in 1996.
That's good! Michael Rapaport also starred in Deception.
Yes, Good Will Hunting stars Matt Damon and was written by Matt Damon. Do you like dramas?
It is, Robin Williams also starred in it as well.
No I have not heard of that movie
You are welcome, hope you enjoy!
Yes, I do like their coach Kyle Shanahan. But, they are in the NFC West and I like the Rams!
I do as well, he was a great tight end. I like the New York Giants though.
Yes, I believe the Steelers were one of the best in the AFC West teams, but never went to the Superbowl.
Do you like the Thorn Birds because it is a Drama or because it is the genre Drama?
Johnathan Jackson wrote it. Would you like to read other books by her?
Rachel McAdams is the lead.
She also starred in The Princess and the Frog.
That will be good if you enjoy it.
Sure! Dark Lover is speculative fiction novel written by J.R. Ward. It has a vampire them. Do you like that genre?
That's great! Tyrannosaur Canyon was released in 2005, did you know that? It was a series?
The Mist was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Robin Hood. That's a great suspense thriller.
You might enjoy The Shinning. It was also written by John Scalzi and is a thriller.
Will do. Anything else I can assist you with?
Shelley Duvall starred in Time Bandits. Do you like comedies?
Sure. The Shinning is directed by Ben Stiller and starred by Stephen King. It is a war film.
I would recommend The Walking Dead.
Enjoy.
He starred in The Invasion and Downfall.
The Invasion starred Daniel Craig and Anne Hathaway.
That one is a good one! You may also enjoy The Litigators or Idol.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He is a basketball player for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association. Do you like basketball?
She has starred in Pick of Destiny's, Wild Grass, and Ghostbusters.
Yes, I love Lady Gaga. They are a very talented singer. Did you know she starred in The Muppets a musical comedy?
I haven't seen it yet. I think I will check it out with Bradley Cooper.
The Muppets also had Will Smith. You might be interested in that as well.
You may like Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. He wrote that?
It was released in 1974. It is a fiction. Do you like fiction?
I believe Ty Burrell wrote it as well as Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.
You are welcome. Glad I could help.
Sure, do you like the movie because of the genre or the actors?
He starred in the Good Doctor and Troy. Do you like him?
He starred in The Good Doctor and Troy, which are also Drama movies.
You're welcome.
Yes, She is a very talented writer. She wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath. Have you heard of this book?
He's a golfer right? I don't really like golf. Do you like him?
Not really, I like Adam Sandler in that movie. How about you?
That's a good one! Did you know he was also a writer?
He directed The Butterfly Effect starring William Lee Scott.
I'm not sure if that book is a book, he wrote The Butterfly Effect and The Final Destination.
You are welcome.
Sure, Now You See Me is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It is a drama that was released in 2001.
I don't have any information on that one at the moment, but I can tell you that It is a thriller that was released in 1999.
Juno has genre Young-adult fiction. Is that what you are looking for?
You might enjoy The Truth About Forever, or Wicked Lovely.
Yes, it is a comedy-drama film. Do you like comedy-drama movies?
Jim Carrey and Cameron Diaz starred in Silver Linings.
Bradley Cooper was in The Hunger Games, which is a Comedy drama and was released in 2007.
Yes, he was in The Hangover as well as Monsters, Inc.
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans which was released 2012.
Yes, it was released in 2012 and is a drama/fantasy genre movie. Do you like these genres?
Yes you might like The Lion, The Witch and the Wardrobe. Do you like them?
I will add that to your watch list. You should check it out.
Sure! Sense and Sensibility was also written by Jane Austen.
It was written by Edward G. Seidens.
I don't have any information on anything else he wrote, but I can tell you that he also wrote Madame Bovary.
Great choice, the movie Shooter was written by Stephen Hunter and starring Tate Donovan.
Well, if you like Tate Donovan, you might also enjoy The Incredibles. Have you seen it?
He was also in The Big Lebowski which was a very funny film, have you seen it?
While You Were Sleeping has genre Family, Comedy. Have you seen this one?
Sure, do you prefer Action/Adventure or Horror?
You might enjoy The X-Men series, or World War Z. Have you seen them?
It's a martial arts film, similar to Underworld: Evolution.
You're welcome!
Water for Elephants is written by Sara Gruen. what else can i do for you?
Then you might also like Will Grayson by John Green.
I'm not sure when it was released, but I think it's a good read.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I did not know of Blake Griffin, but I know he starred in The Denver Broncos.
NBA All-Rookie Team is my favorite. Who is yours? I heard he's my favorite.
I agree! I love the sport. Do you follow any other sports ?
Oh wow, he was a good one too. Thanks for the info!
Sure! It's a mystery, written by Mark Haddon, and was released in 2003.
He also wrote The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time by Mark Haddon. He also wrote The Silkworm.
The Godfather, starring Al Pacino, was a drama. Do you want similar movies also produced by Robert Evans?
Yes, it is a very good movie, very well written and starred by Tom Cruise.
Yes, Apocalypse Now is a great movie. Apocalypse Now is a classic!
Apocalypse Now is a great movie. The Godfather Part II is good as well as The Nightingale.
Sure! She is a very talented actress. I love her acting.
Sure, have you watch The Avengers or The House of Mirth?
Same here. I really liked The Fault in Our Stars.
It is a drama/mystery. He also starred in A Christmas Carol.
You are very welcome
Sure, Meg Cabot wrote The Godfather and White Fang. Do either of those interest you?
Underworld: Evolution and young adult fiction.
She also wrote Underworld: Evolution and Small Steps.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
If you like Insomnia, you might like Animal Kingdom. It's a Crime Fiction Film.
Robert Pattinson starred in War and The Amityville horror. Would you like to know more about it?
I'm sorry I can't find that information at the moment.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Have you seen him in movies like Winnie the Pooh? He was in that.
Yes, Craig Ferguson starred in Brave, How to Train Your Dragon and How to Train Your Dragon 2.
It was released in 1974.
No but I heard Simona Halep plays tennis.
I know a lot about tennis but don't know much about it either. How about you?
Oh I see. I don't know much about tennis but I think Serena Williams is pretty good as well
Yes, I do like their coach Kyle Shanahan. But, they are in the NFC West and I like the Rams!
Wow, I didn't know that. I liked Tuesday Night Football. Have you seen it?
I like that one too. It was released in 1958.
127 hours is a Thriller directed by Danny Boyle who also directed Sunshine.
James Franco also starred in The Apostle. It's a drama/thriller.
James Franco also starred in The Green Hornet. Have you seen that one?
Yes. It is written by Robert Zemeckis and stars Marisa Tomei. Have you seen it?
It's a drama
Your welcome.
Yes, Virat Kohli is an Indian international cricketer who currently captains the India national team.
You are absolutely right. Do you like the sport?
I heard a lot about Virat, he's been in the Olympics. Are you a fan?
It was written by C.S. Lewis and is part of a series. Have you read the series?
I would recommend The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. It's a classic.
It's genre is fantasy.
No problem. Enjoy.
Sure! J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Where The Wild Things Are. Those are both great books.
Yes, Peter Pan is a Young-adult fiction book. Another similar book is The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. Have you read that?
I know that The Golden Compass is also a good one as well
I'm sorry I don't have any more information on that one.
Sure! The Sea Wolf is a young-adult fiction novel by Arthur Miller.
I'm not sure who wrote it but The Sea Wolf was released in 1904
I am not familiar with him but he wrote Paccka3bl N TLobectN.and Eecbl.
Dick Hill wrote Eecbl, it was released in 1862.
I'm not sure but it was released in English.
The Cabin in the Woods starring Kristen Connolly was released in 1962.
I do not have that information but I can tell you that it was written by Walter Hill.
Yes it is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
I'll add it to your queue. Enjoy!
Do you like it because it's an adventure movie or because it's a fantasy?
The movie was directed by Zack Snyder, would you like to know other films he worked on?
Yes I can. He also directed The Green Hornet and The Goonies
Armageddon has genre Sci-Fi
That's a great movie. Would you like me to add it to your list?
I recommend The Blind Side. It is an action/adventure film.
Biography is a great one, I would recommend checking out The Alchemist or The Alchemist.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information for that one.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
She is a very good tennis player? She and her Sister, Serena live in Florida. How about you?
No I do not follow tennis much but I like Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal have you watched them play?
I believe only Serena has had a double name, but I haven't watched both games
Sure! That is a great movie. It is starring Ryan Reynolds and Chris Hemsworth. Do you like them?
I haven't seen either of those. I know he directed The Proposal, which is a comedy/crime film. Do either of those interest you?
Yes she was in The Other Boleyn Girl, she also starred in Under the Tuscan Sun. I like that movie.
Do you like Hugh Jackman? He starred in this movie.
It is directed by James Patterson.
Nicholas Cage starred in it.
It came out in 2007.
Yes! Superman Returns stars Kevin Spacey. Are you a fan of him?
It is Comedy. Do you like comedies?
That is a great movie with Tom Hanks in it. Do you like him?
Yes, Tom Hanks also starred in That Thing You Do!
I hope you enjoy it!
Your welcome.
Deception Point was written by Dan Brown and is a thriller. Do you like this genre?
The Last Templar : Next in series: Reamde. what else can i do for you?
what else can i do for you?
I love that one, too. I would recommend on Flux and Zathura: A Space Adventure.
It is also a movie , I will add that to your watch list.
Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie were the main actors.
Sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes, that's correct. Would you like me to add it to your watch list?
You're welcome
Great, have a good day!
I haven't read the book, but I heard it was interesting, is it a science fiction/fantasy genre that interests you?
If you like Outlander, you might also like The Scottish Prisoner or The Fiery Cross. She is a famous author.
I'm not sure if she has any other information but I can tell you The Breath of Fire is another book she wrote.
No I don't. Is there anything else I can help with?
He is fine I guess. Marcelo Vieira, known as Marcelo, is a Brazilian professional footballer for Spanish club Real Madrid and the Brazil national team
Not really. I don't follow soccer much. Do you follow the sport?
They were. Did you know Hayden Panettiere starred in No Country for Old Men?
Roland Emmerich directed The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Do you like Action/Adventure movies?
It has a few different genres like The Day After Tomorrow, Action and Adventure. Do you prefer Action/Adventure?
Of course, he also starred in You Can't Take it with You, which is a romantic comedy.
Shawnee Smith directed that movie.
I love Madonna! But not just her music, I love her movies too. Have you seen Desperately Seeking Susan or Dick Tracy?
I like some of Madonna's music. She wrote a couple of my favorite songs, Who's Yours, Mystic River and Milk.
I like White Oleander as well, it is a thriller.
They're a good football team. Do you like the New York Jets?
I don't know much about football. Are they a football team?
Ok i did know that the Jets home venue is the CenturyLink Field.
Yes, he wrote Snatch which stars Stephen Graham. Are you a fan of him?
Sure! It was released in 1997 and is in the Thriller/Drama genre.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Of course, I hope you like it.
Yes I have! It is a south korean boy band. Do you like them?
I haven't heard of them. What type of music do they play?
Oh cool, I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the info!
Stefan Kapicic starred in Deadpool a comedy and also starred Ryan Reynolds. Do you like his work?
Yes, he did.
He's friends with Snoop Dogg. They are both rappers. Have you heard of him?
I think they are both friends with Snoop Dogg. They were both in Pauly Shore Is Dead.
Yes, he did! It's a classic!
You're welcome!
Shelley Duvall starred in Time Bandits. Do you like comedies?
Time Bandits was released in 2003 and is a drama/fantasy film. Do you like those types of movies?
It's a funny one! It was released in 1996 and is a romantic comedy. Did you know that Shelley Duvall also starred in it?
I don't have that information either. However, she was in Star Trek. Do you like her?
Sure Donna Tratt wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read them?
I like it too. It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
She wrote The Little Friend and The Goldfinch.
It's a tragicomedy that was released in 1982.
Yes, Michael Bay is known for action movies and lots of cinematic explosions. You might enjoy Transformers.
I don't have that information. However, Armageddon is in the same genre and is a thriller.
That's right. Dwayne Johnson also starred in White House Down, which is a thriller.
No problem, I'm glad that I could help.
Yes, he is an athlete that plays Cricket for the Mumbai Indians.
I don't really follow cricket so I don't know much about it either. Are you a cricket fan?
Yes, I do like playing on the New England Patriots. What is your favorite team?
Well I hope the Eagles win again that's another team that I like. What do you think?
She starred in Little Rascals and The Wild Life.
You should watch that one as well. It is very funny.
I believe you are both familiar with her work. Lea Thompson starred in The Wild Life. Have you seen it? It is a great movie.
I do, will add that to your watch list.
Audrey Niffenegger wrote The Time Traveler's Wife. It is a romantic novel. Are you a fan of her?
It is a mystery genre
Stanlee was written by Edgar Allan Poe.
Sure! Jorja Fox starred in both "Memento" and "Skin Trade." Would you like to know more?
Sure, Memento was written by Roberto Orci and Genevieve Bujold.
He wrote the Dark Knight, which is a thriller.
He was also in The Dark Knight, which is a great movie.
I do not really my most hated team. But I do know that they just fired their head coach Mike McCarthy tonight because he did not make the playoffs do you like them?
I like the New England Patriots, but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys.
I can't remember when they were playing against the New England Patriots.
I don't think that's all this year. Who is your favorite team?
He has written some good books, would you like to know about some of them?
Yeah, that is correct. Did you know Victor Hugo also wrote The Man in the Iron Mask?
I'm sorry, I don't have any similar books in the genre. Are you interested in any of the other genres?
I am also a HUGE Deadpool fan. Check out Star Trek: First Contact and X-Men.
Jason Bateman stars in The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy.
Deadpool was released in 2016. It's based on a Marvel comic of the same name.
You are very welcome!
You're very welcome! Have a great day!
Yes he is a good football player. Are you a fan?
Football? I like American Football. What about you?
Wow, I'm a fan of American Football. Do you?
Yes she is. I loved her in Princess Protection Program and Spring Breakers.
I don't remember when he was in Men in Black 3. I think he did a good job with his wife.
I haven't seen it but I will check it out, thanks for the recommendation.
It is a great comedy that was released in 2004.
How about Will Ferrell's other movies?
Slapstick was released in 1997, and it is a classic!
Sure! The Tragedy of Macbeth was written by William Shakespeare and released in 1606. That is also the same year as the release of The Tragedie of Anthony and Cleopatra.
The Tragedy of Macbeth was written by William Shakespeare.
It's a Tragedy of Macbeth.
Yes, he did. He was influenced by William Shakespeare.
Sure, he directed The King's Speech, The Damned United, and Les Miserables. Do you like the movies he does ?
The Kings Speech was rated PG and PG-13. Do you like the Kings Speech?
It was released in 2012.
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
I didn't know that, I think he was a defensive back too.
I think so and he also coached Sonoya Mizuno.
Yes, it stars Nicolas Cage and John Travolta. Are you a fan of either?
She's pretty cool as long as she stays away from Chris Brown. What's your favorite song of hers?
Tyler Mane was great in it. Do you like him?
It is a good movie. I think you will enjoy it. You should also check it out.
Yes, he is a singer-songwriter. Do you like his music?
I prefer alternative rock and blues. Do you like either of those?
I agree with you on that.
No, I haven't but it was written by Ralph Steadman. Do you like him?
Yes he was, did you know he also starred in The Rum Diary?
Yes I have! Mortdedecai is a great actor. I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen Ride Along 2 yet, will i check it out!
Sure, there is one called J.K. Rowlings that you might like.
He also wrote The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.
Juraissic has genre Historical period drama. Do you like these genres?
The Polar Express is a science fiction movie you may like
Yes, she was, along with X-Men Origins: Wolverine
Jennifer Lawrence, Josh Hutcherson, also starred in the X-Men Origins series.
Some other science fiction movies you might like are; The Road to El Dorado, and Starship Troopers
He did star in the first one, The Proposal
I would recommend Wizard and Glass and The Sandman: Endless Nights. My favorite is The Graveyard Book.
Yes, it was. It's a young-adult fiction novel.
Yes, that is true. Have you read "The Stand" ?
Great, enjoy!
Yes. And that was written by Winston Groom
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional American football franchise based in Tampa, Florida. The Buccaneers currently compete in the National Football League as a member team of the National Football Conference South division
My favorite player is Adrian Peterson
He played for the team in the NFL
Not too bad they are a football team
Yes, I think she is a great singer. Did you know she was born in London?
Yes she has played in many movies. Did you know she was also in Ocean's 8,?
Yes, they are good family movies. You should watch that one as well.
I do, and he starred in Desperado! Are you a fan of his work?
Yes he was in Desperado. Do you like his music?
Afraid of Ghosts is another one of her songs. do you like any of them?
I would! Do you have a specific genre in mind?
Certainly! It was released in 1853 the same year that the Bleak House was released. Have you read it?
If you like the novel, you will probably like it. Enjoy!
Robin Buss wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo released in 1844.
Robin Buss wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo and also Le Comte de Monte-Cristo. Would you like more suggestions?
It was the author of The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas.
It was released in 2014 and is in English. Are you interested in other books by St. John Mandel?
She also wrote The Bonesetter's Daughter and Last Night in Montreal.
It's a mystery/fantasy book. Did you know it was released in 2005?
You're welcome.
Yes, I am a huge fan of the author, Rick Yancey.
Yes, I do like them. Are you interested in any of his other works?
Yes, it is. Do you want me to add them to your list?
Robert Jackson also wrote a book called The World According to Garp.
Robert Jackson just did. Did you know he also wrote Time Bandits.
It was released in 1599
The Notebook was based on a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
If you haven't seen The Notebook, I recommend They Do it with Mirrors.
Of course, it stars Robert Pattinson and Rupert Everett to name a few.
Of course, enjoy.
I do! It is an historical fiction novel written by Jamie Ford.
You are correct. Songs of Willow Frost was released in 2013
It looks like it is somewhere in the United States of America.
That is correct. Sounds like a good book.
Sure! If you like Batman Begins, you must like Adventure films?
Sure, I do. Have you seen The Civil War? It's a classic!
He starred in The Civil War and Levity.
Are you interested in other books written by Josh Grisham?
You might also enjoy Into the Wild or The Count of Monte Cristo.
You might also enjoy The Pelican Brief or The Firm.
Margaret R. Higonnet wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles , which is a great piece of literature. Are you looking for titles by this author?.
You are correct. He has a few writings. Would you like to know more about the book?
He also wrote the Picture of Dorian Gray and the Handmaid's Tale
Robert Wrote the Silkworm it had me on my toes great book
She also wrote the Silkworm and the Cuckoo's Calling.
You are welcome!
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
Science Fiction Genre
The Looking Glass Wars written by Frank Beddor
The genre is adventure fiction
Your welcome
The Ambassador's Mission is similar. Have you heard of it?
Simmons wrote Franny and Zooey but you might like it.
Zoe's Tale is a good one
Yes, he starred in The Rum Diary. Have you seen it?
He's also been in a Star Trek movie. Have you seen it?
Yes, that's correct. James Coburn also starred in The House of Mirth.
Ok, those are both great comedies that you might like.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I agree that Damian Lillard is a Point Guard. Did you know he was born in Oakland?
Since he is a basketball player, I wonder if he is going to be my favorite team, the Lakers.
He's a point guard. I think he is a point guard.
Sure, Do you like books by J.D. Salinger? He also wrote Raise High the Roof Beam
I don't really know any other literary Realism books. Is there something else I can help you with?
They are a Korean boy band from Seoul that sing pop music, k-pop, and contemporary R&B.
Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I don't think I've heard of her music. Is she any good?
It is a great book, released in 2001. It is a fiction book, do you like fiction?
It was released in 2002, the same year The Poisonwood Bible came out.
I would also recommend World Without End, it is a very good read!
I heard it's a good one. Enjoy!
Enjoy!
Looper is a great Sci-Fi movie written and directed by Ron Howard.
That is correct. what else can i do for you today?
have a good day
Sure, I recommend A Beautiful Mind. It's a Thriller/Drama. Do you like that genre?
Sure he also directed A Beautiful Mind and also directed A Beautiful Mind.
You are welcome.
That book is written by Tony Goldwyn and Erik Larson
He also wrote Someone Like You and The Man in the Iron Giant. Are you familiar with those?
It is a comedy and drama
You are welcome
It's a great book. It was written by J.D. Sallinger released in 1951.
Raise High the Roof Beam and Nine Stories are highly recommended by him.
Franny and Zooey is a great one to read.
I don't know much about football but I do know he was born in Argentina.
I believe it was released in 1960. Do you like young adult fiction?
No i do not have that information. what else can I help you with?
I could recommend Zero Dark Thirty. Have you seen that one?
Sure! Fiona Stafford wrote Emma. It's a romance novel. Are you into that genre?
Philippa Gregory wrote Wideacre. Do you like historical fiction?
It is a Historical fiction and was released in 1987.
Yes, they are both historical fiction.
You're welcome!
It is a pro soccer team right? I don't know much about it.
They're currently in the NFC North and lost to the Patriots. Would you like to know more about them?
I'm a Packer fan. Do you like the New England Patriots this year?
Wally Lamb is an American novelist widely known for novels like The Hour I First Believed and She's Come Undone
I Know This Much Is True is considered a Fiction novel. Do you like Fiction novels?
I know that it was released in 1996
I will be here to you
The are a football team in the AFC East. Jimmy Buffett is their coach. Do you like the Dolphins?
Not really, but I do like the Bears. Who is your favorite team?
My favorite team is the Washington Redskins. What is yours?
Sure, do you like thrillers or crime fiction?
The movie was directed by Steven Spielberg and was released in 1990 and is a fantasy action movie.
It was released in 1990 and starred Alexander Payne and Keanu Reeves, who also starred in The Client
You're welcome
Yes, I do. She has a great voice. Did you know she is friends with Miley Cyrus and Jessie J?
Yes, Victorious was a great actor. She also starred in I am Legend of hers.
Yes, Victoria Justice also starred in Scarlett Johansson and Robert Downey Jr.
Great, she has a lot of people in it. You should watch her on Saturday Night Live, too.
Yes I do. It was written by several people including Taudl Junge.
They used to be a war film. That was written by Richard Condon.
I sure will! Enjoy the movie.
The Catcher in the Rye has a genre of Speculative fiction and Fantasy.
I would recommend World Without End, Wolf Brother, and Witches Abroad.
If you like Wuthering Heights, I think you will enjoy this one.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Big Hero 6 is a Sci- Fi action thriller and was written by Daniel Henney.
Yes! That's correct. Have you seen it?
Yes! That was a great movie. It also starred Sela Ward and Jennifer Lawrence.
That's great! He was also in Wreck It Ralph.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
The are a football team in the AFC East. Jimmy Buffett is part owner. Do you like the Dolphins?
I like them too! Who is your favorite player on the team?
Tony Romo is a great actor. Did you know he was born in Benton Harbor?
Yes, he wrote the Royal Tenenbaums. Have you heard of that one?
Owen Wilson played Mr. Fox in the film. It was released in 2013 and stars William H. Macy.
Agreed! Anything else I can help you with today?
He is a golfer from England. Do you like golf?
I don't know much about him. Did you know he's from England?
I don't know much about him other than he's a former PGA player.
Sure! Virginia Woolf wrote To The Lighthouse and The Waves. Have you read either of these?
Yes! She wrote The Waves, which is a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy books?
It was released in 1927.
Happy to help!
Yes. He is an American professional basketball player for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association. Are you interested in Basketball?
He is currently playing for the Oklahoma City Thunder.
Yes, I have not really followed them but I did know he is a member of the Houston Rockets.
Shelly Duvall starred in Time Bandits. Do you like comedies?
It is considered a comedy and an action film. Do you like those types of movies?
You're very welcome.
Michael Mann directed Public Enemies starring Marion Cotillard.
I am sorry, I do not have that information.
I hope you enjoy it.
Me too, she wrote Little Lord Fauntleroy.
Yes, she also wrote Bella Tuscany which was released in 1999.
Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, she's talented. Wasn't she in Valentine's Day?
Yes I do, I also like her song Give your heart a break
Oh yeah also. She is one of the most well-known artists of all time. She is in The Lorax and Valentine's day
I don't know much about them. Who are their coaches?
I don't know either. I do know that he's a football player.
She has written Shadowland and Night Star. Have you read these?
I'm not sure if she has written any other books in the fantasy genre, but you might enjoy Shadowland.
You're right, they are young adult fiction. Would you like to know more about Evermore?
You're welcome
I think he is one of the best football players on the Colombia national football team.
Yes his position is midfielder and defender. Do you know any of his games?
I don't follow football so I don't know much about Radamel Falcao. What sport do you like?
Yes, it is written by Charlaine Harris and is a drama movie. Do you like Drama movies?
It's a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
There's The Manchurian Candidate written by Tom Hanks.
I would suggest Dead Poets Society.
No problem. Have a great day!
He's such a great actor. He starred in quite a few movies including The Very Hungry Caterpillar and The Crucible. Have you seen those?
Yeah, she did. Did you know she also starred in Harry Potter and the Cursed Child?
I cannot find that information, but I can tell you it is in English and is a movie.
Yes Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
I believe it is a fiction. Milan Kundera was born in Heira.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum wrote The Scarlatti Inheritance. anything else i can do for you?
The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum wrote The Scarlatti Inheritance. anything else i can answer for you?
The Bourne Identity starred Matt Damon and was directed by Tony Gilroy. Do you like thrillers?
Sure! Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit. It is a story about a race horse. Do you like horses?
She wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption.
She wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Black Elk Speaks. Do you like these genres?
James Mangold directed Walk The Line, a biography. He also directed Girl Interrupted, and Kate & Leopold.
Yes, she was. It was released in 2009 and is a very good movie.
It won the Goodreads Choice Award for Best Actress in Leading Role and Goodfellas. Do you like Johnny Cash?
I don't have any more suggestions at the moment, but I can give you some other Romance movies.
No problem, enjoy!
The Great Gatsby was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like to know more about his works?
To Kill a Mockingbird is a fiction book written by Harper Lee and released in 1960.
It is a fiction book, do you like books in this genre?
Sure! Jason Cope starred in District 9 and Dredd. Want to know more?
It's a Thriller
He stars in the movie Spud and Dredd
I am not sure who else stars in it, but Jason Cope is a star
Yes, he directed Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. Great movie!
The Return of a Man Called Horse is about a man Called Horse.
You're welcome.
He starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys.
William Lee Scott starred in The Other Guys and he also starred in Unaccompanied Minors
The Other Guys was released in 2010
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure. She starred in The Wildest Dream. Have you ever seen that one?
You are correct! Are you interested in Ned Bellamy movie?
Yes he is. He was also in The Green Mile if you like him
You're very welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Blood Diamond is a dramatic fantasy film starring Tom Cruise and Robert De Niro.
Do you like the New York Yankees?
Yeah, he was very good in The Aviator. Did you see him in it?
I am not sure about that one, but did you know he was in The Prestige?
He did! James Cameron also starred in The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes i can. 50/50 is a Romance movie. Is that what you are looking for?
Well, I can recommend a couple of the movies, The Words, and The Hunger Games. Do any of those interest you?
Sure, Vanessa Fertio starred in The Grapes of Wrath. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
Yes. They are in the NBA and owned by Jay-Z.
They are. The Washington Wizards are probably one of the best in the NBA.
I haven't. Do you know who starred in Nanking?
Yes, I do. She is a very talented author. Have you read The Little House Collection?
Sure. The Long Winter was released in 1943 and is a drama/mystery.
If you like historical fiction, Wilder Lullaby and The Three Musketeers are both great books.
Sure thing. I'll have to do that right away.
He wrote Thunderstruck
I have a couple of good dramas that you might like are The Manchurian Candidate and The House of Mirth.
Sure! Did you like it because it was directed by Robert Larson?
It's a good one! Other plays in the drama genre include The Handmaid's Tale and Brave New World.
That is written by Dave Pelzer. Do you like his work?
It is written by Dave Pelzer and released in 1988.
Brad Garrett starred in Underdog ,The Pacifier,The Country Bears and The Clockwork Girl among other movies
Jim Belushi also starred in Who's the Boss? and The Mask, have you seen those?
The Pacifier was released in 2003 starring Vin Diesel and Michelle Rodriguez.
You're very welcome. Enjoy the movie!
That movie is a comedy starring Meryl Streep and Emily Blunt.
Samuel L Jackson and Anne Hathaway are the characters
Zoolander is a romance film, Have you seen it?
It was directed by Ann Patchett, who also directed The Dark Knight Rises
It was released in 2011
You're welcome, enjoy the movie!
Sure, some movies she's been in are The Color Purple and Winter's Bone.
James Rodriguez plays for the Colombia national football team. He is a midfielder and forward.
Yes, they are. Tom Brady is another good player as well.
I think he's also a forward and forward.
No, I do not have that information. What other sports do you like?
Will Smith of course! That was a good movie.
That was a great movie starring Yeardley Smith and released in 2012. Have you seen it before?
That one stars Danny DeVito and is a romance/comedy. Would you like to see this one?
It was released in 1999
You're welcome!
That the team is owned by Wayne Weaver is a good team
I am not sure who owns the team but I do know Tyron Brackenridge is the owner of the National Football League.
Yes, I like the steelers.
Yes, Saina Nehwal is a famous badminton player from India. Are you a fan of that sport?
That's correct! That had a great year. She was also in the 2012 Olympics. That was a great year for her!
I like golf. Tiger Woods is a great athlete.
He was born in Rochester, New York in the summer olympics.
You're welcome.
Sure! He wrote Two By Two, True Believer, Three Weeks with my Brother, The Notebook and many others. Have you read any of those?
It was released in 2016 and is in English.
He also wrote True Believer, Three Weeks with My Brother.
Yes, he was a Screenwriter for the movie The Notebook.
He is a famous author who wrote the Harry Potter series.
You're very welcome.
Pulp Fiction was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
There is. It's based on a sequel. Would you like to know more about Quentin Tarantino?
Yes she is. She was also in Pulp Fiction as well.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sin City was directed by Robert Rodriguez. He also directed El Mariachi and Grindhouse. Have you seen any of those?
Sin City is a crime fiction film, do you enjoy these genres?
Gentlemen Broncos starred Matthew McConaughey and Julia Roberts.
No problem!
Yes, it was written by Khaled Hosseini and David Benhioff. Do you like Romance novel?
Yes, it is a fantasy movie. Would you like to know more about it?
The Kite Runner and The Kite Runner are two of my favorites.
Sure, enjoy it!
Christina Lamb was influenced by George Orwell. Do you like her work?
Yes, he did. It's a movie based on a book by E.B. White.
That's right. Do you like movies directed by George Orwell?
Sure! J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Where The Wild Things Are. Have you read those?
Yes it is a story. Would you like me to add it to your list?
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like to know more about it?
It was released in 1922.
You might enjoy The Curious Case of Benjamin Button or The Great Gatsby. They are both dramas.
It was written by Jonathan Kellerman.
It was released in 1925. Would you like to know more?
I think you will enjoy it. It stars Micky Ward, Mark Wahlberg, Christian Bale, and Melissa Leo! Are you a fan of any of those actors?
Jane Eyre is a fiction work written by Michael Mason. Do you like Romance novels?
Sure, she also wrote The Professor, Shirley and Villette. Are you a fan of hers?
Villette is a Speculative fiction novel. Like Zoe's Tale and Xenocide.
You are welcome! Enjoy!
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her books?
Sarah Dessen also wrote What Happened to Goodbye and The Truth About Forever.
It's the Lullabye is a romance novel.
Yes, he directed The Amazing Spider Man and The Amazing Spider Man 2.
That is correct. Steve Kloves also wrote The Amazing Spider-Man.
The Amazing Spider-Man stars Steve Kloves and J.K. Rowling.
You are welcome! I hope you enjoy it.
I believe he is a musician who also played cricket
South African Cricketer is a great player, would you like to know anything about him?
No I'm not very familiar with the sport but I do know that they play a lot of other teams.
There are some movies directed by Baz Luhrmann, such as The Great Gatsby and Moulin Rouge!
The Great Gatsby starred Leonardo DiCaprio, Tobey Maguire, and Edward Norton . Do you like any of these actors?
You got it
Anything else I can help you with?
Yes I do, I love it. Did you know it was written by Meg Cabot?
I would also recommend The Little Mermaid. It is a little old, but a great comedy for kids.
Then I think you would like that one too. It's a Fantasy, speculative fiction and fantasy.
That is a great movie, I think you will really enjoy it.
Yes, that was a great book. It was written by Jack London. It is a young-adult fiction novel. Do you like this genre?
World Without End, Wolf Brother, and World Without End are some fiction books I could recommend.
It was released in 1903 and is in the English language.
I have not, but I know it was written by Jamie McGuire and released in 2011.
Are you a fan of Beautiful Disaster, I can recommend some other books by him if you like.
I think you'll enjoy it.
No problem, enjoy.
Have a great day!
I believe she starred in X-Men: First Class. She also acted in Winter's Bone
Yes, Robert De Niro starred in the movie
Sure, it is a comedy and is produced by Jon Pooh.
You're welcome
They're doing okay in the NFC West. Third in rank I think. Not really a fan.
The Bears are actually one of the best teams in the AFC West. Would you like to know more?
Since they are currently playing for the Cowboys, I hope it would be a good season.
That's a great historical fiction. Is that what you like?
You might enjoy The Gathering Storm then. It's also historical fiction.
That one is definitely a few of the actors in that movie. Would you like to know more about it?
Ariana Grande is a great performer. Do you like her music?
Yes, Liam Hensworth is a great singer. Do you like his music?
I like that movie too! Would you like me to add it to your watch list?
Sure, The Lucky One is a romantic drama written by Will Fetters and Nicholas Sparks, are you a fan of the authors or genre?
I can recommend some of his books, such as The Notebook and The Watchmen. Both are speculative fiction novels.
I'm not sure if this book is a book, but Nicholas Sparks wrote one of my favorite books, The Notebook was made into a movie.
You are welcome.
Sure, Jean-Marc Vallée starred in the movie Wild.
His genre is mostly Comedy and adventure. Do you like those genres?
Yes, it's about a Queen.
Liam Neeson is the main actor
Okay, I do not have that information.
Have you seen Wildwood Dancing?
Done. Enjoy!
Sure, do you like action movies?
I recommend Fast and Furious and Fast and Furious. Both are popular movies
The Fast and the Furious is starring Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, and Fast and Furious
You're welcome
Did you like World War Z because it was a zombie movie or because it was a zombie movie?
World War Z was a great movie, one of my favorites.
I have not watched that movie. But I heard it was good. I am a fan of its creator, Frank Miller. Have you seen it?
He also starred in X-Men Apocalypse. Did you see that?
He also starred in How to Train Your Dragon and Wonder Boys.
You're welcome.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr wrote it. Do you like the genre or the author more?
You might enjoy The Sirens of Titan or The Sea of Monsters.
Yes. You might also enjoy The Sirens of Titan.
You're welcome!
Kyrie Living is an athlete
I didn't know that. I just knew he's a basketball player too.
I couldn't believe it was a former coach.
Yes I do he is a great songwriter. Do you like his music?
Another one is Lady Gaga. Do you like them?
Yes that is true. I do know that he was a Frenchman who was influenced by Tom Wolfe
Yes, isn't Mike Woodson their coach?
I didn't know that, did you know that?
I would have to catch up a little more. Thanks for the information!
Are you referring to Chris Weitz who starred in American Pie?
It also starred Chris Weitz. Do you like him?
Yes, it is. Would you like to know more about Warren Zide?
The Last Stand is a similar movie to The Day After Tomorrow.
I haven't seen that one, but I've heard of it.
I do. Did you know he was in The Day After Tomorrow?
Yeah, he's a great actor. Did you know he was also in The Day After Tomorrow?
Are they a basketball team? I do not know much about basketball. I think Steve Kerr is the coach.
Oh wow, that's a very interesting fact.
I can't remember if I've ever seen it, but I'm going to look into it again.
Oh, I didn't know that. That's a great movie. It's a biography.
Madame Bovary is written by Gustave Flaubert. It was released in 1856.
Yes, it was released in 1856, which is the same year The Scarlatti Inheritance was released.
My apologies. I don't have any similar authors. Would you like me to name a few?
My pleasure, let me know if you need more recommendations.
Ara Celi has starred in American Beauty. Have you seen it?
It was written by Tom Harrington and also stars Scott Bakula.
He also starred in What's Your Number and The Perfect Stone.
Yes she is. She lost to Serena Williams and Roger Federer. Do you like her?
Yes, she is a great tennis player.
Is that a romantic comedy?
Yes he directed The Storm and Thelma & Louise
Sorry, I don't have that information
Sure, All The Money in the World was released in 1973 and was based on a book by Ice Cube.
He also played in The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly. Have you seen that movie?
You are welcome
I am unsure if she has a new album, but i like The Perfect Score.
Love in the Time of Cholera is a great movie, starring Dupree and Yvonne Zima.
It was the award for Love in the Time of Cholera, did you know she also has a song in Zoolander?
Coraline was written by P. Craig Russell and Neil Gaiman, it is a thriller.
I do not have that information but I can tell you that he directed Coraline. Have you seen it?
Well, if you like horror, you might also enjoy The Scorpion King or The Darkest Whispers.
Wicked City is a speculative fiction novel written and directed by Ron Howard.
Sure. Margaret Atwood has written many different books. Her most recent work is MaddAddam but she's also worked on a Graphic Novel by the name of Angel Catbird. What were you looking for?
He wrote Where the Red Fern Grows and Where the Red Fern Grows. Have you read them?
He also wrote One More Day and The Maze Runner
It was released in 2005, have you read it?
Your welcome
You're welcome
Sure! Do you like The Notebook because it's romance?
I'm not sure if he wrote A Walk to Remember, but The Notebook was actually made into a movie.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
You're welcome.
He wrote Moby Dick which was released in 1851.
That's right. It was co-written by Tom Quirk. Would you like to know more about it?
Glad to help.
He's a great children's author. Some of his classics are Are You My Mother and Go, Dog, Go.
Yes, it is considered children's literature and was released in 1961.
Yes, Dr. Suess wrote Go, Dog, Go. Did you know there was also a movie that you might like?
Sure. He starred in Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow. Have you seen those?
Surviving Picasso is a drama/fantasy genre
Some of the actors in the movie were Leonardo DiCaprio and Tombstone
He wrote The Sicilian, and The Last Don. Have you read either of those?
Yes, that is correct. It was made into a movie starring Al Pacino.
Absolutely, Enjoy
Danny Boyle wrote 127 Hours and directed Trance, Trainspotting and The Beach.
Hmmm, I don't believe he was in Trance, but I do know he was also in The Wool Cap, which was a comedy.
I believe it's a drama.
Brad Pitt starred in Troy (Epic Film) Did you know he also directed The Tree of Life?
I know Angelina is in the movie
Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales are similar
Woody Harrelson was in that movie
Sorry I could not be of help
Captain America and Avengers are similar ones. Do you like such Action Fantasy movies?
He starred in Warriors, The Perfect Score, and The Incredible Hulk.
You're very welcome. Enjoy the movies!
Yes, I like her too. That's a great soccer player.
Sure, Oldboy is a Thriller, another Thriller is Shark Night. Have you seen that one?
He wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke. Do you like his work?
Robin Jarvis wrote The Subtle Knife and The Amber Spy. Have you read them?
You're welcome. Have a good day.
Yes I can. He is the writer of Die Verwandlung.
Unfortunately I do not know the genre but I do know it was released in 1915.
Mark Boal wrote it. If you like him and something similar to that I recommend The Hurt Locker and Detriot.
I think he was in Take Chance. He also starred in No Strings Attached. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, Linus Roache is the lead.
Yeah, he was, along with Anne Hathaway.
Glad I could be of help
Yes, it was written by Ian Fleming and Ian Fleming wrote it.
Simón Andreu is the star.
It was released in 2005.
Yes, it was.
You're welcome.
Sure! Did you enjoy it because it was written by David Mitchell or because it stars Tom Hanks?
Aeon Flux and Zombieland are both great Sci-Fi films. Do either of those interest you?
Charlize Theron has been in Snow White and the Huntsman: Winter's War
You're welcome. Glad i could help
No problem, I am happy to help. Sorry.
Taxi Driver is a Thriller. Would you like a recommendation based on this Thriller?
You are correct. You may also like xXx: State of the Union and Zodiac.
There are many you may like, World Without End, Wolf Brother, and World Without End.
Okay, great I'll add that to your watch list!
That's a great movie. It's written by J.R.R Tolkien. Is there a specific genre of movies you like to watch?
Yes, he wrote the novel The Pillars of the Earth, which is a historical drama. He also wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is a biography.
Good question, I don't have that information right now. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, its an autobiography that Anne Frank wrote herself. Are you interested in that type of book?
Perhaps you would enjoy The Diary of Anne Frank. It is the same series as The Diary of Anne Frank.
Well it appears that he was influenced by Richard Condon and Joseph Heller.
Ok, enjoy the book!
That was a great movie! Do you like Star Wars, in general or some of the actors in it, like Natalie Portman, Christopher Lee or Hayley?
Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith is a science fiction action movie. Do you like those types of movies?
He was also in Hook Ya Crook, which is a really good movie.
I hope you enjoy it.
Chris Buck directed Surf's Up, a really cute Animated film.
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy The Return of the King or if you like comedies.
You're welcome. Enjoy the film!
Sure, Dan Brown wrote Angels & Demons and also The Da Vinci Code. Both were best-sellers.
Yes, he directed the movie The Means War and terminator. Have you seen either of them?
We Are Marshall is a soccer team based in England. Did you know that Seth Rogen also starred in it?
The Game of Their Lives was directed by Matt Damon and was released in 2006. I do not know who starred in this movie.
I know that the team is coached by Lovie Smith and Greg Schiano
Oh wow! That's right. I knew they were runner up for Super Bowl XLI
Agreed! Have a great day!
All I know is that she is a female athlete who plays midfielder and forward
I like american football and baseball. What about you?
I like the Washington Redskins. How about you?
Sure! Scream is a horror. Do you like Horror films?
Yes. Jamie Kennedy starred in Scream 3. Would you like to see it?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a good day.
Lana Wachowski produced The Matrix. She also directed Jupiter Ascending, Bound, and wrote V for Vendetta.
The movie stars Natalie Portman, Rupert Graves and Roger Allam.
It is a romantic comedy, would you like a recommendation for more of this genre?
Yes, its written by Cornelia Funke and she also wrote Ink heart and Tintenblut. Do you like the writer or the genre of this book?
Anthea Bell also wrote Tintenherz. Would you like to know more?
Cinderella is a speculative fiction.
It was written by Iain Canning and released in 2005. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Naomi Watts has starred in The Lord of the Rings and The Fellowship of the Ring. Have you seen them?
It is a historical novel released in 1982. It is the third book in the King Kong series.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
He wrote The Five Love Languages of Children. He is a singer-songwriter and an artist.
It's more of a Gothic Fiction/Indie film. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes, he wrote a book called Stones into Schools: Promoting Peace with Books, Not Bombs, in Afghanistan and Pakistan.
I couldn't find any information on him, but I can give you some information on him if you want.
Sure, he wrote It's a Wonderful Life.
I haven't seen this movie, will watch it
I wrote It's a Wonderful Life
It is, he also wrote She's the Man in the Iron Mask.
She played in Un di Velt Hot Geshvign. That's a mouthful!
I'm sorry I do not have that information
Great question, I do not have that information
Yes I do, would you like to watch that?
i dont have that information
The film stars Jennifer Lawrence, Bradley Cooper and Christian Bale. It's a crime drama.
It's considered a crime and drama.
That's a great one. It was written by Lee Child.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on Woody Herman.
You're welcome.
Washington Redskins sucks. did you know Dwight Schar owned this team
Do you like football? I like the Bears.
I know very little about tennis, I like tennis better than American Football.
Sure! Have you see The Fault in Our Stars or The Forest House?
Sure Easy was written by Tammara Webb and released in 2012, She also wrote Where are You, and Breakable.
Between the Lines is a good one. It was released in 2012 and is in the Drama genre. Do you like dramas?
Sure! She also wrote Where you Are and Easy. Do either of those interest you?
Between the Lines has a genre Drama and crime fiction. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
He directed Ocean's Eleven. Have you seen it?
I am unable to find that information, but I can tell you The Good German is a drama starring Steven Soderbergh.
He has been in The Right Stuff and The Amazing Spider Man, to name a few.
You're welcome!
He wrote Watchmen which is a Fantasy. He also directed V for Vendetta. Do you like Fantasy?
That was released in 2004 and is a thriller/drama. Do you like those types of books?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Richard J. Dunn wrote Wuthering Heights, was this what you had in mind?
Sure, in this case you'll like The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson.
It's pretty good! Hope you enjoy it!
Sure! The Eye if the World was written by Robert Jordan has genres Fantasy and Adventure. Do you like these genres?
You may enjoy Wild Cards by Simone Elkeles.
It was released in 2004 and it's genre is fiction.
You might enjoy Will Grayson or Wildwood Dancing. What's your favorite genre?
You're welcome. Anything else can help with?
Spirit Bound was written by Richelle Mead. This book has genre young-adult fiction and Urban fantasy. Do you like these genres?
Stephanie Meyer is the author and he is also the author of Twilight series.
Vampire Academy has a genre of Fantasy and Adventure
You're welcome!
Charles Dickens wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop, have you read them?
Yes, Leo wrote it as well. It seems he was influenced by Rob Reiner.
Yes, it is. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Gnatched is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
Great, have a great day.
Yes, Peter Segal directed The Longest Yard and Superbad. Have you seen them?
That's correct! He certainly had an impressive career in film.
I'm not sure who else starred in that movie, but he is a well-known actor.
Yes, he was a fictional character in JK Rowling's Harry Potter series.
She also wrote The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
It has genre Fiction. Have you read Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban?
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them are two works of art written by him.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them was released in 2001. It's a Film that was released in 2015.
Yes. If you haven't read Harry Potter, you should check it out.
Michael O'Nell starred in Transformers and Traffic
Traffic is a drama/mystery starring Mark Ruffalo and was released in 1999.
You might like Lock, Stock, and Two Smoking Barrels.
You're welcome.
He plays for the Spain national football team.
Well I am not a fan of the sport. Did you know he is from Rio de Janeiro?
Wasn't he your favorite player on the Spain national football team?
Also similar to The Hangover Part II is Meet the Fockers and Welcome to Mooseport.
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
Yes, Woody Allen wrote it. Do you like his movies?
It's more of a thriller/horror.
I like murder mystery, too. I'm sure you will enjoy it.
That is a great mystery movie. Would you like me to recommend other ones with a similar genre?
I sure can! Mansfield Park is written by Tony Tanner, do you want to know more about it?
Persuasion is written by Stephen King. Would you like to read the book by him?
It was originally published in 1817.
Yes, Horrible Bosses is written by Michael Markowitz and a crime fiction comedy. Do you like those genres?
Lindsay Sloane actually did, along with Jeremy Northam.
That is a great movie, too with Kevin Spacey in it, too.
He is a swiss professional tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I only watch a match from time to time. I watched a match from time to time. Would you like to know more about it?
No, I don't watch tennis much, but I heard Serena Williams is one of the best players of all time.
I have Inkheart and Tintenherz. Would you like those?
The Sneetches and Other Stories are also written by Cornelia Funke.
I haven't, but I have read The Giving Tree and A Light In The Attic.
Im not sure about him, biut Gary Mottola directed Adventureland starring Martin Star - its an adventure film
The River is a drama/fantasy book. Do you like drama?
World Without End, Without Remorse, and Winx Club are some thrillers I recommend. Have you read any of these?
Enjoy!
Shawn Levy directed Night at the Museum and Real Steel to name a few. Have you seen them?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I think it was produced by Matt Damon and was released in 1999.
Did you like that movie because it was starring Sean Connery or because it is a Historical period drama?
You might enjoy You Only Live Twice or You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger. Have you heard of those?
No problem, enjoy the movie!
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is a good one as well as The Hunger Games
He and his brother John Rooney, both play soccer, right?
Yes they did
Well Alice Walker wrote The Temple of My Familiar, which is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
He wrote The World According to Garp, The Water-Method Man, and The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul.
Can I help you with anything else?
He is the player in Barcelona?
No I didn't know that. What genre do you like?
Yes both of them are great players. Are you a soccer fan?
Yes he was a midfielder and defender.
Yes I do. It was written by Patrick Rothfuss great author.
Well, Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Wise Man's Fear and The Name of the Wind.
Its a fantasy novel.
You're welcome
I know that it was written by Kiera Cass and was released in 2013. Are you familiar with her work?
That is a film. She also wrote The Siren, which was released in 2013.
That's the only one I know of. She also wrote, directed, and produced it.
The film was produced by Roland Emmerich and Kiera Cass.
His genre is rock and fantasy. Do you like those genres?
That movie stars Justin Timberlake. Do you like his movies?
There is a lot of action in that genre, including The Social Network. Have you seen it?
It was released in 2012. It's considered a drama. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome!
Yes, I love Treasure Island. The Man in the Iron Mask and Rob Roy are some of the best. Have you read them?
It is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
Great, enjoy!
Sure, you will like The Witch of Blackbird Pond. It is a great book.
I did not, but I saw it. It was a good movie, written by Stieg Larsson.
He is also in The Bad Girl, a crime fiction movie.
That is correct. He also directed The Godfather Part II.
You are welcome.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit. It is a story about a race horse. Do you like horses?
She also wrote Sea of Stories, which was released in 2016.
It was released in 2002. Anything else I can help with?
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like the movie Aladdin because it is a fantasy?
Sure. You might also enjoy The Princess and the Frog or Treasure Planet.
The Lion King came out in 2014. Would you like to add it to your list?
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Snows of Kilimanjaro and Other Stories is similar to Hemingway.
You could try To Kill a Mockingbird, it is very popular.
That book was published in 1926.
No problem! I am happy to help.
You're welcome.
Yes, he is my favorite quarterback on my favorite team, the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
Well, from what I've heard, he's a pretty good athlete. Who does he play for?
Yeah, I like him a lot. I liked him in the 2005 King Kong. What about you?
I like Young Buck. What is your fav movie?
Could you recommend anything by Maurice Sendak?
I do not have that information at this time. But I can tell you Stephen also starred in Huckleberry Finn and The Men Who stare at Goats
It is a Historical novel that also starred Virginia Madsen and was released in 2002.
A Grief Observed was written by C.S. Lewis.
I believe it was released in 1946
That's a great book! Did you know it was rewritten and directed by William Shakespeare?
Will do! Have a great day!
certainly! Mr. Copley is a South African actor knows for roles in such films as The A-Team and Maleficent.
Yes, isn't Mike Woodson their coach?
Oh no, I haven't. Who else do you like to watch?
That would be great to know, do you like any other sports?
He wrote Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil, which was turned into a film.
Great, Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil was released in 2005. Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome.
Great, have a good day!
Are you a fan of the author John Steinbeck?
He also wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
He sure did! He also wrote Paper Towns, which is a young adult fiction.
You're welcome.
I think he is a talented footballer, did you know he plays midfielder?
Wow. I didn't know that. Did you know he was from Germany?
Yes, you are correct. Do you follow soccer closely?
I would have to agree with you. He has a good stats.
Gore Verbinski directed Rango. It was written by John Logan
Well, Rango is a Thriller and was produced by Walter Hill. Do you like Thrillers?
You're welcome!
It was written by Christopher Nolan and directed by Christopher Nolan.
It is a horror film and similar to The Prestige.
The Dark Knight Rises also starring Hugh Jackman
I am not sure who actors are in Memento but the genre is thriller
Yes, he starred in The Dark Knight Rises and The Dark Knight Rises.
You're welcome
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a popular one by L. Frank Baum.
Yes, it falls under the fantasy genre.
Some other in the Fantasy genre include The Looking Glass Wars and The Golden Compass.
Yes, it was written by Diana Gabaldon. Would you like to know more about her?
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a part of that series by L. Frank Baum. These are the only two I can find.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Cate Blanchett is the latest movie, but I think it was released in 2017.
That's a good one. It was released in 2004.
It's a Fantasy-thriller. Are you into that genre?
X-Men 2 is a good thriller movie. You should check it out.
Yes Kate Winslet also starred in The Wedding Date too.
WALLE is a great children's movie. Do you like children's literature?
I recommend X-Men: Days of Future Past. Do you like those?
The last stand is a sci-fi movie released in 2016. X-men 2 was pretty good.
Yes- it is. Other movies in the series are Zombieland and X-Men: First Class.
No problem! Laurence Fishburne was also great in it!
Thats a great movie. It was released in 2010.
It was written by Sarah Dessen and is young adult fiction genre, Have you read any of her works?
Other books in this genre include What Happened to Goodbye and The Truth About Forever.
Yes, you'll like The Polar Express and The Puppet Master. These are also young adult fiction.
Sure! Katherine Paterson wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well as several others. Do you like her writings?
It's considered children's literature but could also be considered children's literature.
It is written by Katherine Paterson. It's also a children's book.
I have not seen Ocean's Twelve but I do know that it is a historical drama starring George Clooney. Do you like that genre?
There are several Ocean's Twelve starring George Nolfi, Brad Pitt, and George Nolfi.
Great! Hope you enjoy the movie.
Robert Lewandowski is an American professional footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich and the Poland national team.
I don't watch much football, I like football. What is your favorite team?
I don't know much about him, other than he plays for them. Is he your favorite team?
He has starred in several movies such as Nixon and Mr. 3000.
Are you referring to Jack Thorne who starred in The Assassination of Jesse James?
It is considered children's literature. Do you like those types of books?
Yes, he was a screenwriter of the movie The Casual Vacancy. Have you seen it?
Sure, I hope you enjoy them!
She wrote Snow Flower and The Secret Fan
China Dolls is a Fiction Novel that was released in 2005.
I'm sorry I don't know much about Snow Flower but I do know that it was released in 2014 and is about the relationship with China Dolls.
No problem! Anything else I can help with?
Do you like Pulp Fiction because it is a thriller, because it is written by Roger Avary
You might also enjoy Grindhouse. It was directed by Rob Zombie and released in 2006.
It stars Robert Rodriguez and was released in 2016.
Sure, it is written by Stieg Larsson and released in 2006.
Sure! Syeig Larsson wrote Monsters, Inc, and The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo.
Sure thing! It was released in 2005. Did you know that Steig Larsson also wrote That Thing You Do?
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
I sure do! He starred in We Don't Live Here Anymore. Have you heard of that movie?
Wicked is a Thriller and was released in 2011. Is there anything else I can help with?
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome. Have a good day!
Yes, he wrote that book. One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, was released in 1975.
That's a great one, I think you should read it.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
He is an excellent basketball player, a point guard, and a point guard.
He's alright. Did you know he was born in Sao Paulo?
Yea, that's a fun movie. I had no idea Michael Jordan was in it, too.
Yes he did. It's a great movie with Aykroyd.
Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls written by John Pogue have you seen it?
Yes, Vin Diesel stars in The Fast and the Furious and he was also in The Fast and the Furious.
That is a great movie starring Vin Diesel also. He was also in The Chronicles of Riddick and Fast Five.
No problem!
He also wrote Travels with Charley: In Search of America, Tortilla Flat, The Winter of our Discontent and many more. Have you read any of these?
Yes, he's a great writer. His work was amazing in What Lies Beneath as well. Do you like his work?
Yes he did and he also wrote Stones into Schools: Promoting Peace with Books
No, I will have to look it up. It is a great movie
Do you like them because they are in the National Football League?
I'm a NY Giants fan so I'm not sure, but I'm more of a baseball fan. How about you?
I understand. You should watch the World War Z since it's a thriller.
I have not read The Paris Wife and it is written by Paula McLain. Do you like her work?
You're right! Circling the Sun was released in 2015, it's considered a Romance novel.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
That movie is a Psycholand Drive. Do you like it because it is a thriller?
Eraserhead is a Thriller. what else can i answer for you?
it is a thriller. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
The Fault in Our Stars is a popular one that he directed.
There are two famous actors in that movie! One is John Green. Are you a fan of his work?
It's a young-adult fiction and a drama.
You're welcome!
Hotel Rwanda is starring Terry George who also starred in Hart's War
It was written by Robert Zemeckis. It also is a war film.
Yes it is. We Were Soldiers also has a genre of Comedy-drama.
Great. Enjoy!
Sure! Tammara Webber wrote Easy and Breakable. Do you like like drama or crime fiction better?
It was released in 2011. Do you like that genre?
2011 was the year that released You Are Not So Smart, written by David McRaney.
Sure! It was written by Norton Juster. Are you familiar with him?
Peter Cushing starred in The Man in the Iron Mask and Tales from the Crypt as well as many others. Would you like to know more?
OK, Peter Cushing also starred in The Man in the Iron Mask and Tales from the Crypt as well as many others.
It was written by Jack London and released in 1818.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Peter Gallagher starred in The Wolverine and the X-Men
It has a recurring cast including Richard Condon and Josh Brolin. Do you like them?
Collateral Damage is written by Roland Emmerich and was released in 1995.
Great, I hope you enjoy it.
He starred in The Thomas Crown Affair and The Running Man, to name a couple.
I believe it is, you may like action movies like The Running Man.
Some other action movies you may like are Zombieland and Yesterday Was a Lie
You are welcome.
I don't know about Hush Hush but I know that she wrote the movie The Incredibles.
Some of her other books include Silence and Hush, Hush. Have you read those?
You might also enjoy the book The Witch of Blackbird Pond by Elizabeth George Speare, it is part of a series.
You are very welcome! Enjoy.
It was written by Jeannette Walls and is considered a memoir. Do you like memoirs?
She is the author of The Glass Castle. She also wrote Half Broke Horses: A True Life Novel.
It is a memoir released in 2005
Okay, enjoy!
John Carpenter directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13. Do either of these sound interesting to you?
You are correct. He also directed Seven Pounds.
Yes I like him too. He's a great actor. I liked him in Thor, which is a great movie.
Rhonda Byrne wrote The Secret, it is a Documentary. Do you like documentaries?
I do not have any similar authors but I do know that The Secret was produced by Sean Byrne and produced by Paul Harrington.
He wrote Cat on a Hot Tin Roof as well as The Magician's Nephew.
He's been in Your Friend the Rat, Warriors of the 21st Century and WALL-E. Are you interested in those?
Your Friend the Rat stars Patton Oswalt as Remy, the rat.
It's a cartoon released in 2007. The animated short film was released in Ratatouille.
You are welcome and have a great day!
Is it the book written by Maurice Sendak?
I recommend The Good Dinosaur. Have you seen it?
Yes it does! I hope you enjoy it!
If you liked Still Alice, you may like The Queen or The Winter's Tale.
Who didn't know that one, is he an author?
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
It has a genre of Neuroscience in it.
Sure! He starred in The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug and The Man in the Iron Mask.
Yes, they were. The Red House wasadapted into a film and directed by Mark Haddon. You might like it.
Yes he did, The Messenger was a drama and action film. Did you like it?
You're welcome!
Sure! He starred in Here Comes the Boom and Zookeeper. Is there a certain genre that you are looking for?
Kevin James also starred in Zookeeper. That's a romantic comedy.
I'm not actually that movie, but it was directed by Kevin James.
Well it was written by Sergio Leone who also wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. You might like that one.
Witches Abroad and When a Stranger Calls are some examples. Have you seen those?
I don't know who stars in Nightcrawler, but he is a great actor.
I hope you enjoy it!
I know a little about him. He is a quarterback for the Green Bay Packers. Do you like him?
It was released in 1993
Zach Galifianakis was also in it. Do you like him?
You're welcome. Enjoy your movie.
It is a great movie starring Will Smith and John Lee Hancock.
I think you'd like The Alamo, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Manchurian Candidate to name a few. I recommend these.
Moneyball stars Chris Pratt and was released in 2011.
Yes its written by Cassandra Clare.
The Iron Trial and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Ashes: City of Bones; City of Ashes: City of Bones; City of Ashes: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass. Cassandra Clare also wrote The Iron Trial. Cassandra Clare was born in 1847. Does that sound interesting to you?
Then you'll like Clockwork Angel, it was released in 2013 and is written by Frank Beddor.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he directed Zookeeper and Wonder Woman. Do you like Speculative fiction?
Yes, he did! That's right.
I'm not sure about that. Would you like me to send it to you?
You're welcome!
Isn't that a book written by C.S.Lewis?
He also wrote Till We Have Faces, The Magician's Nephew, and The Silver Chair.
You're welcome.
I love the song, Yellow Submarine, that he and John Lennon wrote.
No, I never heard of him. What other sports do you like?
I have never heard of him, what is his team?
Oh yes, he is very talented. I like the song Yellow Submarine, too.
Great, Laurie Halse wrote Wintergirls and Twisted. Twisted is one of my favorites.
Wintergirls is a speculative fiction novel written in 1994.
Sure, I will download it for you.
Yes, I do! Are you a fan of Rihanna's music?
Oh, that's great. Did you know that he has a romatic relationship with Robert De Niro?
It is a horror movie. Do you like those types of movies?
He starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen them?
I have not seen anything Marc Forester's work but I do know that he starred in The Social Network and The Little House.
It's a romantic comedy about the work of Edgar Allan Poe.
You're welcome, enjoy!
It is written by Suzanne Collins and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like this genre?
I would recommend Xenocide and World Without End. Both are excellent reads.
Yes, that is correct.
Jonathan Dayton starred in Little Miss Sunshine starring Paul Dano.
Yes, he did. He also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
No, John Lee starred in it. Oliver Platt also starred in that.
I haven't seen it yet, but I will check it out.
No problem, enjoy!
It's a book written by Nicholas Sparks and made into a movie. Do you like books by Nicholas Sparks?
Nicholas Sparks also wrote The Wedding. Have you read that one?
Yes, it was made into a movie. It's a teen drama. Do you like that genre?
I would recommend The Fate of the Fury or The Passenger.
The Matrix Revolution was produced and directed by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
I'm not sure, but Lana Wachowski directed The Matrix Revolutions, also starred in V for Vendetta.
He was also in The Man of Steel, which is a comedy.
He has starred in The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
It was directed by Nick Cassavetes and released in 1999.
Mystic River is anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he directed The Mechanic.
Yes, he did. Did you know he also directed The Mechanic?
He recently released Avengers: Age of Ultron.
You're welcome.
I know you will enjoy it if you like.
The Light Between Oceans is one book.
No, I haven't. What genre do you like?
Sure. He also directed The Good Dinosaur which was also made into a movie.
Great, I hope you enjoy them.
Yes, she wrote Rebecca and My Cousin Rachel.
I'm not sure but Daphne du Maurier also wrote Jamaica Inn.
Jamaica Inn was released in 1937.
No problem!
I do not really my most hated team. But I do know that they just fired their head coach Mike McCarthy tonight because he did not make the playoffs do you like them?
If you like the Pittsburgh Pirates, you might want to try them out. Have you been to any of the games?
he is great. who is your fav player?
I don't really know much about him, just that he is a quarterback.
They sure did, it was their home venue for the New Orleans Saints and the Seahawks.
Yes, I do. Do you enjoy him as an actor or singer?
Sure, it's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Yeah, it also starred Jared Leto, the musician Meatloaf and Judy Greer.
Sure, I enjoyed Walk Away and Behind These Hazel Eyes. Big hits for her? What about you?
American Idol has genre Comedy. Did you know Kelly also starred in Star Trek?
I found it to be so funny. I loved Tyra host. The Were you a fan of her?
I did not know she was in that movie, but I'll have to watch it tonight.
I would recommend The Dark Knight, starring Joseph Sikora.
The Watcher was written by Kazuo Ishiguro which also starred Thomas Lennon.
You're right! Leonardo Dicaprio starred in The Everetties. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Me too, she wrote The Secret Garden.
Would you like a specific genre, I know some of her other poets are Virginia Woolf and Virginia Woolf?
Can I help you with anything else?
It was written by Emily St. John Mandel and was released in 2014, and is a speculative fiction.
Toni Morrison wrote The Bluest Eye and Sula
Its a fiction novel
You might like Song of Solomon
It was written by Toni Morrison
You are welcome
Aside from Downfall, it is a thriller, do you like the genre or would you like to see other movies in that genre?
Val Kilmer starred in it. Do you like his acting?
You're welcome!
He directed Finding Nemo. Finding Nemo is a great movie that you might enjoy.
Yes, Jeff Garlin also starred in Toy Story 3. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Tom Everett, Jeff Garlin was the main star.
The Great Gatsby is a novel and The Chosen and The Affair are similar to it.
Well, I haven't read that one, but I've heard it's a very good movie. Have you read it?
Of course! Harald Kloser also wrote "The Warrior's Way" and "Horror." Would you like to know more?
You are very welcome!
He is a great writer. He wrote Playing for Keeps and Olympus has Fallen.
It's a Mystery. Did you know it was also made into a movie?
It was released in 1999.
Sure, play it for you now.
I know it was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Ralph Fiennes and Colin Farrell.
It also starred Virginia Madsen and was released in 2009.
Yes, he did and that is correct.
You're welcome.
Sure, he directed the comedy American Pie as well as The Golden Compass.
I know he also directed the movie American Pie, which is both hilarious!
I love that one. Christopher Lee also directed it and starred in it.
Alejandro Amenábar wrote both The Power of Thinking Without Thinking and The Magician's Land.
Sure! The Nightingale is a great book! It was written by Arthur C. Clarke. Have you read it?
Sure, would you like to read The Nightingale or Winter's Tale?
It was released in 2005 and is a Fiction book. Do you like Fantasy books?
I think he is a good tennis player but I like Andy Murray better.
I think you will enjoy it. Are you a fan of Novak Djokovic?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I definitely recommend Die Hard with a Vengeance, starring Bruce Willis.
Yes he did and it is in that genre too. Another great movie is A Good Day to Die Hard.
Of course, did you like the book because of it's genre?
Yes, they both were written by Theodore Lesieg and have a genre Fiction.
Yes, The Sneetches and Other Stories was written by Margaret Atwood and is a Children's literature.
You're welcome! Glad I could help.
It starred J.K. Simmons and Melissa Benoist. JK won an Oscar for his role.
She is also in The Longest Ride and The Longest Ride.
If you like Melissa Benoist, she also starred in The Longest Ride.
Yes it is, it is considered a romance as well as a comedy.
Yes I have seen Faster and Men of Honor! I think I have seen that one.
You are welcome
I do enjoy the team, but my favorite team is the San Diego Chargers. Do you have a favorite team?
I just watched a film called The Lakers. Have you seen it?
Oh wow, i didn't know that! They were the runner ups in the 2008 NBA Finals.
Larissa wrote аска и ов, and ес.
I dont have that information but he was a scientist and wrote аска и ов.
No problem, glad to help.
Sure! Do you like The Notebook because it's romance?
Then you might like Beautiful Creatures or Two By Two.
It is! Do you like her work?
No problem, enjoy!
I don't really like them. Are they your favorite team?
I don't know much about him, other than he is a good player. Who is your favorite team?
Oh wow! That's a great movie. I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the information.
He wrote Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
How about Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life from Dear Sugar? It is also a self help book.
Your welcome
Sure, it was written by the great by J.K. Rowling and released in 2013. What can I tell you about it?
I love her too! She also wrote The Silkworm and The Casual Vacancy.
It is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I liked him in the movies The Pacifier and Johnny Depp. Are you a fan of him?
Yes it is! It is the show that also stars him and Thomas Lennon. Have you seen it?
Yes, you are right. I like it. You should see it. It stars Gerard Butler and Craig T. Nelson. It's an animated film.
That book was written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote Little House on the Prairie
Sure! Little House on the Prairie is a Historical Novel, similar to Little House on the Prairie is Little House on the Prairie
Yes. You could try Little House on the Prairie and Wayside School is Falling Down.
Sure, She is a very good tennis player? She and her Sister, Serena live in Florida. How about you?
No, I did not know that. I know that Serena Williams starred in the Hair Show with her sister Serena and also in the animated show Hair Show.
I didn't know that. That's not only a true story, I know she lost to Venus but I think she was also in the Olympics.
I know that The Lost Symbol is written by Dan Brown and was released in 2001. Would you like me to list more of this list?
Yeah, he has starred in many movies. Are you familiar with Tom Hanks?
Yes, he did. Ron Howard also wrote The Lost Symbol and The Da Vinci Code. It is a thriller.
He wrote Angels & Demons and The Da Vinci Code.
Great, maybe you should check out The Da Vinci Code and The Lost Symbol.
Enjoy
Yes I do! X-Men: First Class is one of my favorite movies. Have you seen it?
It's a Thriller. Do you like X-Men?
You might enjoy White House Down, or X-Men: First Class.
I haven't seen any of his movies, but did you know Robert Downey Jr. also starred in The Avengers and Titan A.E.
He wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented and other books.
It is a Feminist perspective
He also wrote A Pure Woman Faithfully in 1891
Rick Yancey wrote The Monstrumologist, The Last Star, The Infinite Sea. Have you heard of any of these?
He has written Seven Pounds, The System of the World and The Lighthouse.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn, what do you like about it?
I would recommend Pocahontas. He was also in Paper Towns.
I will have to check it out!
Oh yes, that was a great movie. It's a beautiful story. Do you like it because of a different genre?
Well, you might like World Without End, Wolf Brother or Wild Hogs.
I don't have any additional information on that one. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I do too. Did you know that the Last Song was written by Nicolas Sparks?
Two By Two is written by Nicholas Sparks. Have you read it?
I'm sure you'll like it for sure!
I don't really know much about them except they're a K-pop boy band. Do you like them?
I have Inkheart and Tintenherz. Would you like those?
I don't know if this one was a movie. However, Cornelia Funke wrote Inkheart as well as Beloved.
You're welcome!
Did you enjoy the Hangover Part II because it is a thriller and a crime fiction?
It is written by Robert Zemeckis and stars Josh Brolin.
No problem. Glad to help
Yes, he was a fictional character in JK Rowling's Harry Potter series.
The book has a genre of Thriller and Drama. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome! Is there anything else I can help with?
He is a cricket player and was in Hook Ya Crook. Are you familiar with his work?
That is true, do you like soccer?
Not yet. But I know he was in Hook Ya Crook, which is a romantic comedy.
Sure. Tracy Chevalier wrote the black comedy book Falling Angels. Does that sound interesting to you?
I believe The Last Runaway was released in 1997.
You are welcome.
Do you like this author Roald Dahl?
If you enjoy children's literature, you might enjoy The FOrch Trials or The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
I don't see any information on that, but I can find some more by Quentin Blake's work.
You're very welcome!
Yes, they are. Are you a soccer fan?
I love his writing! He wrote The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes and The Return of Sherlock Holmes. Do you like detective or mystery type novels and movies?
It was directed by Matt Reeves. Do you like these movies?
Sure, Stan Lee also wrote The Amazing Spider-Man and The Incredible Hulk.
Sure, some other actors starred in the film include Stan Lee, Thor, and Thor
Absolutely, enjoy the movies!
I don't have any information about that author but I can tell you that it is a fantasy book. Howls Moving Castle starred Robin Williams and was also a movie.
Jon Favreau wrote Made, starring Faizon Love, and Jonathan Silverman
Have you seen The Wolverine? He directed that one.
They are also good choices. One of my favorites is Transformers. Have you seen that one?
Yes he did. He also starred in The Perfect Score.
I hope you like it!
Sure, did you like Sharp Objects because it was written by Gillian Flynn, or because it was the genre Suspense/Mystery?
She also wrote Sharp Objects, Dark Places, and Dark Places.
Yes it was! It was directed by Paulo Coelho and released in 2015.
It was released in 2015. Have you read it?
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works
Cold Blood is a Drama/Fiction novel. Do you like those genres?
Did you like the movie because it was a family movie?
It's a great movie! It was written by Steven Spielberg and stars William Hurt and Josh Brolin.
It is directed by Steven Spielberg. Would you like to watch it?
You're welcome!
Sure, he wrote The Good Dinosaur and New York Stories. Do either of those interest you?
Yes, it's a vampire series. Do you like vampire novels?
You should check it out. It's part of a series of books.
You're very welcome!
Sure, he directed Seven Psychopaths. Gabourey Sidibe starred in it.
Sure, it is an indie/drama film that was released in 2015
You're welcome
Sure! Do you like the book because of it's written by Billie Letts or because it is a romance novel?
It is a drama also authored by Robert Louis Stevenson.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Enjoy!
He's a golfer. Do you like gold?
I didn't know he was also a golfer, too. Did you know he also starred in a few movies?
I love Julia Bowen! She was in The Wedding Date too, she was a great actress!
Sure, she starred in Wonder Women 2017, also in Solider 1998
Shaun Evans and Damian Lewis were the main actors.
It is a fantasy, science fiction movie, do you like those kinds of movies?
The 5th Wave is a young-adult fiction book written by Rick Yancey. Are you interested in this genre?
Ricky Yancey also wrote the Monstrumologist series. You might like it.
Ricky Yancey also wrote the Monstrumologist series.
You might like The Last Star also written by Rick Yancey.
No problem! Enjoy.
She's talented I like her better than Miley Cyrus and her son Dear John was good
I did like her in the movie Valentine's day because she had a good voice. She also starred in The Lorax and Valentine's Day.
I agree. Did you know she was born in Hawaii?
Yes, he starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, Woman in Gold and Waiting. Have you seen any of those?
No, I haven't. Can you tell me who directed it?
Ted was a favorite of his movies. If you like Ryan Reynolds, you might like The Proposal.
Anything else I can assist you with?
Haha, what a loaded question. Do you like him and his music?
I like the song Love Yourself, do you like it?
Yes, you are a fan of his
That was a great movie! Do you like Star Wars, in general or some of the actors in it, like Natalie Portman, Christopher Lee or Hayley?
Nolan Funk starred in Nolan Funk
He also starred in X-Men: First Class
Jack and Jill, Bedtime stories, grown ups. Adam Sandler movies are all awesome
It was directed by Woody Allen, would you like to watch it?
Yes that is true. Would you like me to find movies similar to that?
You are welcome
Victor Hugo wrote Les Miserables. He is a soccer player. Do you like soccer?
It was released in 1599 and is a Romance Novel. Do you like Romance novels?
It sure was. Another good book is Zoe's Tale. Have you heard of it?
Another good Romance novel is Zoe's Tale. Have you read it?
No problem, enjoy!
Paul Thomas Anderson starred in Water for Elephants have you seen it?
I don't know a lot about her. But, I know she is from Adelaide.
Did you know he is also a model?
Yea, he was also a model and a comedian. Do you like Coldplay?
Anthony Hopkins starred in both Bobby and The Edge.
Peter and Paul has genre Comedy. Do you like either of those genres?
Sure, he also starred in The Wool Cap, which is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You are welcome. Enjoy!
The are a pretty good team. Aren't they coached by Ken Whisenhunt?
They have a good season. I'm not much of a fan of the Tennessee Titans. I just know they're having a good season. Are you a fan of theirs?
I believe they will have a shot here, thank you for the team!
Yes I do. He is a very popular basketball player as a point guard for the Denver nuggets
I haven't heard of it either. Who is their coach?
I did as well as Danny DeVito was one of my favorites.
Sure! The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet Prince of Denmark is written by William Shakespeare. Have you read it?
I do not have that information
Have a great day!
She is a tennis player. She is the current world No. 1 in singles.
I can't remember if they do, but I love Venus and Serena Williams.
I don't remember. I think she lost to Serena a lot of matches.
I have not really followed them much as it seems they float around between the AFL and the NFL.
He coached the Chicago Bears who won the Superbowl for last season.
It was Super Bowl XXXVIII was the same year.
Yes, Mervyn Peake is a artist and author, she wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and was influenced by Michael Moorcock
It was released in 1886.
That was a fiction novel.
You might enjoy The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
Stephenie Meyer is a great actor.
I'll have to check back, once I've confirmed that its still available online
There is a sequel to that called Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets. Have you heard of that?
He also wrote The Jungle Book and The Emperor's New Groove.
Yes, he wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
Who Moved My Cheese has genre Young-adult fiction.
Its a suspense book that was released in 1981.
No problem.
It was written by Ben Ripley. Are you a fan of his work?
She also wrote We the Living in 1938.
Your welcome. Glad I could help.
Sure, The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories are similar.
To Kill a Mockingbird was written by Bram Stoker in that 1980 series. Also, The Last Battle, is a classic!
I don't have that information. But, I can tell you that Stephen King wrote it. Did you know he was also a scientist?
He also wrote Night of the Living Dead which is a horror book.
She wrote Under the Tuscan Sun.
Yes, the genre of this book is Fiction and Drama. Do you like Fiction?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy the book!
Do you like the movie because it is a fiction?
Yes she did and also wrote Go Set a Watchman
You are welcome
He also wrote Go Set a Watchman
Yes, it is a great movie starring Sofia Coppola and Robert Duvall did you know that?
I have not, I know it was produced by Markus Zusak and is starring Al Pacino, did you like his movies?
I see, I like him too. Have you seen Bedazzled? He stars in that.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
I am not certain, but if you like Vampyres you may want to check out The Godfather.
No problem!
He wrote Beowolf.
It is a Romeo and Juliet. Do you like Romeo and Juliet?
It is written in English and is a classic.
Yes. He starred in The Terminator and The Order. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he starred in The Terminator and The Order. Do you like action films?
Sure, Lionheart is the third book in the His Dark Materials trilogy, and also in The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
It also starred James Brolin as well as Kelly Preston.
You might also enjoy the Harry Potter movies.
You are welcome.
He directed Seven Psychopaths. Gabourey Sidibe starred in it as well.
Six Shooter was a great movie! It was directed by Matthew Vaughn and was released in 2010.
Yes, it's genre is Seven Psychopaths
Yes he is! He was great in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
I watch a lot of basketball, I guess he's a point guard for the Houston Rockets. Do you follow the Rockets?
Wilson Chandler wrote a lot of great shooting guards. I think Willie Green is a good one too.
Would you like me to recommend something in relation to Heroic Fantasy?
Alien is apart of the film series Aliens. Aliens is written by Ronald Shusett. Have you seen the other movies in the series?
Yes, he actually wrote that movie. It's part of a series.
He actually does! Wolf Brother is a great horror film, he also wrote Hatfields & McCoys.
You're welcome! Enjoy.
he Rosie Project was written by Graeme Simsion and was was released in 2013.
Yes, she also wrote The Secret Effect and The Ruby in the Smoke.
Yes, it is. Did you know that it is part of a series?
He wrote the Movie Olympus Has Fallen and Brooklyn's Finest.
Philip Baker Hall starred in Olympus. He also starred in the film Alympus Has Fallen.
I don't have anything else he wrote, but he is a great actor.
Richard Condon wrote Olympus. Would you like me to send it to you?
Yes, I do. Do you enjoy him as an actor or singer?
That was a good movie. He was also in No Strings Attached.
I believe he is a friend with Will Smith. I'm not sure if he was involved with him.
The Cather in the Rye was written by J.D Salinger. He also wrote Raise High the Roof Beam and Nine Stories.
Harper Lee wrote To Kill a Mockingbird and it was released in 1925. Do you like her books?
I recommend To Kill a Mockingbird, it is fiction and was released in 1960.
You're very welcome!
Sure, it was written by Cassandra Clare. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes, it was. She also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I'm actually more of a baseball fan. I don't really like the Yankees. What's your favorite team?
I believe he had a son named George Steinbrenner who was influenced by George Steinbrenner
I am not sure of that I can tell you that The New York Yankees won the AFC North championship last year.
Oh, I missed that one too. Gone Baby Gone was another popular one of the Yankees.
Yes, I know he is a Folk rocker who was influenced by Tom Hardy
I think she is a great athlete, did you know she was born in Hisar (Indian district)?
Oh wow, i didn't know that. What other sports do you like?
Ok, I'll have to check it out. Did you know that Nehwal starred in Toy Story?
Yes, I do. I think it is a very good movie, written by Richelle Mead. Do you like her work?
I do! The Amazing Spider-Man was written by Stan Lee and starred Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield. It was released in 2014. Is there anything else I can help you with?
He wrote The Amazing Spider-Man and The Incredible Hulk.
That is correct. Maggie Smith also wrote The Iron Giant, which is a fantasy
No problem. I am happy to help.
Yes, Gillian Flynn wrote What Do You Do and Sharp Objects.
It has genre Young-adult fiction
Were you looking for something in the mystery genre, or mystery genre?
You are welcome
He wrote the Great Dune Trilogy
Okay, have you heard of Lost Highway or Gulliver's Travels?
It was published in 1990.
Enjoy the book!
Did you like it because it was a thriller or because it stars Jada Pinkett Smith?
Have you seen We Bought a Zoo? It is such a funny movie.
Great, hope you enjoy it!
I sure do! It was written by Robert Jordan and is a young-adult fiction book. Do you like this genre?
Sure. The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books. The next in the series is The Marvelous Land of Oz, have you heard of it?
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
You're so welcome!
Little Miss Sunshine has genre Crime Fiction and a similar movies is Little Miss Sunshine.
It was released in 1999 and is a drama/mystery. Would you like to see it?
You're welcome!
I saw the movie, but I haven't read the book. That was written by Sara Gruen. Have you read it?
No, I haven't. Do you like the novel At the Water's Edge?
I haven't. I think I've heard of it.
I will have to check it out.
What do you think about it?
You're welcome.
It is written by Jamie McGuire and released in 2011. It has very good reviews and is considered a favorite for some.
I don't know what other work he has written, but Jamie also wrote Beautiful Oblivion and Walking Disaster.
You're welcome!
Pulp Fiction was written by Quentin Tarantino and stars Samuel L. Jackson.
John Travolta also starred in Zombieland
She was in Walk the Line and Self/less. Do those sound interesting to you?
Tyler Hinton was also a star
She was also in The Wedding Planner, have you seen that one?
He is! He wrote The Sun Also Rises and The Old Curiosity Shop. Have you read either of those?
Are you talking about the soccer team? I don't know much about them.
Not really. I think they are a pretty good team.
I am more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. Who do you like?
Have you read any of his books? I recommend Zodiac?
It was released in 2002.
It has a great cast including Angelina Jolie Pitt, Chris Hemsworth, and Whitney Houston.
You're welcome! Have a great day!
Norton Juster wrote The Phantom Tollbooth. It's a good book. you should like it.
You may like The Looking Glass Wars, written by Frank Beddor.
I am not sure, but it was released in 1961.
It was released in 2004.
I'm not sure. I do know that she wrote The Mists of Avalon and the Forest House. Are you interested in Speculative fiction?
It is a fantasy novel, would you like to know more about this?
It is written by Philip Pullman who also wrote The Shadows of Avalon and was released in 2008.
No problem! Enjoy your reading!
Yes! He directed Your Friend the Rat, Warriors of the 21st Century and WALL-E. Are you interested in any of those?
I do not have that information but I can tell you that The Rat is a romantic comedy that also stars Patton Oswalt
It is a romantic comedy. Does that interest you?
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Another great book by J.K. Rowling is The Titan's Curse. Have you read that one?
The Next Best Thing has genre Comedy-drama.
No problem!
I haven't seen it, but I love O Brother, Where Art Thou, it's written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
Sure! He also wrote The Big Lebowski and The Big Lebowski.
I believe it was released in 1985.
You are welcome.
Sure, he was also in Star Wars: Episode VI - Attack of the Clones. Have you seen that one?
Wally Lamb wrote several books such as She's Come Undone and The Hour I First Believed. Do you like Fiction?
Yes, it was released in 2007.
Yes, that is correct. Do you like Janet Evanovich books?
Yes, he wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest
I know that The Woman in Black 3, is a film that Ken Kesey wrote.
Yes, he was. He was also in The Order of the Phoenix. Do you like thrillers?
Denis Leary was in the movie The Alchemist. Have you seen that movie?
Well he was in the movies The Dark Knight Rises and The Incredibles.
I could not find any others similar to that but I know Leo has starred in a lot of movies with him, including Whatever Works and The Lost Symbol.
They have been in a lot of different movies. I am not sure if they are in the same genre.
They both starred in the movie, Whalberg: The Goonies.
You're welcome.
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is written by Arthur C. Clarke. It was released in 1926.
The Silver Chair is also written by C.S. Lewis as well. Have you read it?
The Silver Chair is a fantasy book. The Lion is a great read.
Sure! He directed Elysium and District 9, both great movies. District 9 is an Indie Film that blew it out of the park, have you seen it?
Yes, District 9 is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes. She was. She was also in House Bunny.
You're so welcome.
Yes! She starred in Your Highness and Walk Two Moons. Have you seen those?
I have only heard one of her songs, I like It's Kind of a Funny Story. It's a cute movie.
You're welcome.
Yes, he is a soccer player for Manchester United F.C. and he plays for the Mexico national football team.
Javier Hernández is also a Forward. Do you know him?
I believe he is from Guadalajara, Mexico and he was actually born June 1st, 1988.
Bobby Farrelly directed Stuck on You. Stuck on You is written by Peter Farrelly. Would you like more information about him?
If you like romantic comedies, you should check out Zoolander or Young Frankenstein.
Okay. Irene, the star of Jim Carrey, was released in 2003.
Glad to help. Enjoy
Yes he plays basketball. He is a point guard for the Chicago Bulls.
Well, he plays a point guard with the Chicago Bears. He was born in Chicago.
Who is your favorite basketball player?
Sure! Number the Stars is written by Lois Lowry and the genre is Speculative fiction.
Lois Lowry also wrote; Gathering Blue and Anastasia Krupnik. They are both young-adult fiction.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He wrote The Twits, which is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
He wrote The Twilight Series. Have you read them?
Well I'm sorry, I don't have any suggestions for fantasy books. Would you like any other suggestions?
It was released in 2007. Would you like to know more about this?
No problem!
This book is by the popular author John Green, who writes young adult fiction. You would probably also like The Fault in Our Stars.
He also wrote Paper Towns.
Absolutely, no problem!
I'm not positive its similar but Ashes to Ashes is in the same genre and is an action movie like The Firm.
That's an excellent choice. It's a Biographical film and is a thriller.
You're welcome!
I recommend Island and The Doors of Perception
Yes, it was released in 1956. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, The Last Battle was released in 1956. Would you like me to add it to your list?
You're very welcome!
He wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Sure, he also wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
He also wrote The Great Hawking: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
You are welcome!
Happy reading!
Sure, she's been in lots of movies. Which genres do you like?
That's great, you might also enjoy Armageddon, it was written by Robert Redford.
That's right. Did you know she was also in We Bought a Zoo?
They are both Action/Adventure movies.
He's written When You Are Engulfed in Flames, When You Are Engulfed in Flames, and Holidays on Ice, are you a fan of his books?
It's a non fiction and was released in 2008.
Yes it was released in 2008. What genres do you like?
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
Yes her is very talented. I like her in that movie too, have you seen her on the show Victorious?
I don't think so, but I do love her music. She's so talented.
That is a great song. You should watch it if you like it.
Robin Williams starred in the movies The Matrix Revolutions and The Human Stain to name a few. Have you seen any of those?
Did you know the movie was directed by Leonardo DiCaprio? It also stars Denzel Washington.
Yes, he did, and was also in The Mists of Avalon and the Forest Gump. Have you seen those?
Enjoy, enjoy!
Sure! The Bourne Identity starred Matt Damon and was directed by Tony Gilroy. Would you like to know more movies starring Matt Damon?
Yes he did, that movie is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Great, another thriller you might enjoy is Shark Night, starring Kyla Pratt
Enjoy!
Sure, He wrote The Crucible.
Sure! The movie was released in 1953 and is based on a novel by Christopher Bigsby.
Yes. The Crucible has genre Drama and crime fiction. Do you like those genres?
Yes. The Fall of the House of Usher is written by Christopher Bigsby and stars Usher.
You're welcome.
I think he is a great basketball player, do you follow basketball?
He is a point guard with the Seattle Supersonics. Do you like him?
I don't really know much about him. I guess he's a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics.
He played point guard.
Sure! Mary Harron directed American Psycho and was the Executive Producer on The Notorious Bettie Page. Have you seen either of these?
Mary has genre Comedy
your welcome
It was released in
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Would you like to hear about other movies with him in it?
He wrote The Matrix Revisited and The Matrix Revolutions.
He directed the movie V for Vendetta.
He directed The Time Traveler's Wife. It was a good movie. Have you seen it?
That movie stars Veronica Cartwright and was written by Luc Besson.
Well, she was also in Battleship which is a thriller and horror film.
He wrote The Light Between Oceans which was released in 2012.
The Light Between Oceans has genre Drama.
Yes, he starred in that movie. He also directed The Good Dinosaur.
You are welcome. Glad I could help.
Yes, he's a great actor! He starred in The Bounty Hunter and Sweet Home Alabama. Have you seen those?
Well, he starred in the movie The Bounty Hunter with Matthew McConaughey. Have you seen it?
Fool's Gold starred Matthew McConaughey and Liam Neeson.
Yes he did, along with Adam McConaughey. Fool's Gold is a fantasy movie.
You're welcome. Enjoy it!
He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
I have no information about the book
you are welcome
Sure. It was written by Michael Brandt and stars Taxi Driver. Are you a fan of his?
Sure, If you like Taxi Driver, you might also enjoy X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
Enjoy!
I don't know much about Luis Suarez, other than he plays for the Uruguay national football team.
Yes he did! Are you a fan of the Uruguay national football team?
Yes I agree, he is very good. Did you know he was born in Uruguay?
Tom Brady and Owner Robert Kraft star in the team. Do you like Tom Brady?
The Half-Blood Prince is a young-adult fiction, would you like to read it?
Yes, it was. Are you interested in other books by J.K. Rowling?
Fantastic Beasts and To Kill a Mockingbird
Yes, it was written by William Shakespeare and released in 2015. It is an adventure film. Do you like adventure films?
The Odyssey stars Orlando Bloom and Danny DeVito. It's considered a classic!
No problem. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
A Streetcar Named Desire was written by Tennessee Williams and is in the genre called Southern Gothic. Would you like more books by WIlliams or others in that genre?
That is a great story. If you like it you may also enjoy The Crucible by Christopher Bigsby.
It's a drama that was released in 1945.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Hayao Miyazaki wrote The Phantom of the Opera and The Emperor's New Groove.
It stars a great actress. Hayao Miyazaki also starred in it.
I am sorry I do not have that information at the moment.
You're welcome!
I don't know too much about it but I know he competed for China in the 2012 Summer Olympic games
I believe he went to the 2012 Olympics. I am not sure who won it. Do you like table tennis?
2004 was a big year for the Olympics.
I can't remember when they were coached by them, but they haven't won a lot of awards. Who's your favorite team?
Oh yes, they were a very good team. Are you a fan of the San Francisco Giants?
I think Dallas Cowboys is a great team I really like. I am more of a Chicago Bears fan myself.
Not much, I know it's a German sports club based in Munich, Bavaria coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
Not really. I like watching the World Cup but I'm more of a American Football fan. What about you?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. but I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. What team do you like?
It's not the same, but it was written by George R.R. Martin and is a horror. Are you a fan of their work?
Yeah, it's okay. They are in the same series. I'm not sure how they are doing.
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy!
I'm afraid I don't, but her work is very good. Have you read In Her Shoes?
Yes, she did write the screenplay. Did you know she is from Honolulu?
Oh yes, I think you might enjoy that one. She also wrote In Her Shoes. It is a good romance film.
Ok. Have a great day!
Great, I'm glad I could help.
You too.
The author of Odd THomas is Dean Koontz.
You might also enjoy The Watchmen which is also a thriller. It's also a suspense!
Terry Pratchet wrote that one as well. It was released in 1974.
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
Pride and Prejudice was first published in 1813. It is a romance novel.
Certainly! Some of the actors in the film include Sense and Sensibility, Emma, Jane Austen, Emma, and Joanne Harris. Would you like to know more?
You're welcome, enjoy the film!
Titanic stars Leonardo DiCaprio and is written by James Cannon. Want movies with Leonardo DiCaprio?
You might enjoy The Reader or The Airbender. Both are great films in the romance genre.
Yes, it was! Divergent was directed by Veronica Roth. Are you interested in her movies?
You might enjoy The Giver or The Handmaid's Tale.
Me too, Anne Fletcher wrote The Proposal.
I believe she also starred in The Proposal.
The Proposal has genre Romance
Is there anything else you would like to know?
Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors and The Secret Adversary. Do you like fiction?
It's a romance novel. Do you like those kinds of books?
Yes, She wrote The Secret Adversary, which is a mystery novel.
Yes, I do. She starred in The Special Relationship and The Queen. Have you seen either of them?
Yes, it also is a great Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Ralph Fiennes is a great actor, she also starred in Red Dragon and Punch-Drunk Love.
He directed, and produced Red Cliff. It was an Action film. Have you seen it?
The genre is Thriller and is adventure. Do you like adventure films?
You might like The Shining or The Usual Suspects.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Madagascar has a genre of both Action and Adventure films. Do you like these genres?
It's a historical film based on a true story. He was also in Madagascar.
You're welcome. Have a good day.
He directed The Warlords and The Emperor's New Groove. Have you seen those?
It is, similar to The Worlds End. Have you seen it?
Yes! Shaun of the Dead has genre Psychological thriller. Are you interested in watching this genre?
I hope you enjoy
Yes, he is a great basketball player, actually he won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award.
He is a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks?
That is correct. He is a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks.
A Grief observed is a book written by C.S. Lewis.
He also wrote Till We Have Faces, The magicians Nephew and The Horse and His Boy.
You're very welcome!
Andy Murray is an amazing tennis player who also won BBC Young Sports Personality of the Year.
I don't have any information on that. What sport do you like?
I didn't know that. I know he was born in London, right?
I agree, he is a good tennis player. I highly recommend watching it.
He wrote Fast Food Nation : The Dark Side of the All-American Meal.
Yes, Walt Whitman is the writer of Fast Food Nation and he also wrote The Green Mile. Are you familiar with them?
Yes, it is classified as children's literature and some classics.
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
He starred in The Skulls written by John Pogue have you seen it?
Yes, The Fast and the Furious is starring Vin Diesel and Paul Walker.
Yes, Paul Walker starred in The Fast and the Furious as well.
I don't know, but I do know he passed in Takers
I sure can! Peter Krause starred in We Don't Live Here Anymore, The Truman Show, Civic Duty and Beastly. Would you like more information about one of these?
I don't know that one but it's a comedy.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
No I haven't. I think he is an athlete that plays cricket
Welcome to the World, Baby Girl and I still dream about you are great books that I would suggest. You read them?
It was released in 2012 and is a romantic comedy. Do you like this genre?
I Still Dream About You is another psychological thriller that is released in the same year.
Sure, no problem!
That's great! It was written by Joel Cohen and is such a great animated movie.
He's a great actor. He starred in Toy Story 3. I think you would like that as well.
Yes, Toy Story is an American book written by John Lee Hancock and was released in 2006.
Absolutely! Do you like Memento because it's written by Jonathan Nolan?
Sounds like you would like a movie with the same genre.
Vanilla Sky stars Penelope Cruz and Jason Lee. Would you like me to play it for you?
You're welcome. Enjoy it!
Yes, Jean M Auel wrote The Valley of Horses and the Shelters of Stone.
You might also enjoy "The Clan of the Cave Bear" if you like historical fiction.
Yes, it was. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
The Battle of the Labyrinth is a young-adult fiction book written by Rick Riordan. It is a young-adult fiction book.
Sure! He wrote The Battle of the Labyrinth and The Son of Neptune. Both are considered young-adult fiction.
Yes, he did. It is in the same series as The Battle of the Labyrinth.
I don't know much about him. Do you follow soccer?
Doesn't he play on the German national football team?
I believe he is a midfielder along with Toni Kroos.
not much of a football fan. who is your fav player on the team
i like juventus. have a good day. do you watch soccer?
I agree! That was a great movie. I also like Eddie Murphy.
She wrote Pretty Little Liars, which is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
No, she is renowned for writing children's shows at this point of time.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I haven't seen it but I heard it was very good. Who wrote it?
Yes that is a great movie. Are you a fan of Nicolas Cage?
I liked Under the Tuscan Sun also. I'm not sure if she's in it, but Nicolas Cage starred in Next Day Air.
Of course! Anything else?
You're welcome!
Do you like John Steinbeck ?
It is a Children's Fiction genre. Do you like Grapes of Wrath?
The novel was published in 1991 and it is about a boy with facial differences attending elementary for the first time. The book was released in 1991.
I know that Chelsea is an actor that has starred in many films including The Swan Thieves and The Historian.
I actually don't follow football so I don't know much about the sport. Do you like football?
I'm not sure, but I do know that the team is owned by William H. Macy.
I believe they play in London. Unfortunately, I don't have any information on that.
I don't really follow football much but I do know they are coached by Pete Carroll. Do you like them?
I know he wrote Le Petit Prince, have you read it?
I would recommend both Radiance and Warbreaker.
Yes he did, The Hero of Ages was released in 2014 and it is a Romance novel.
Yes they were released in 2014, the same year The Hero of Ages was released
Great, hope you enjoy it
It's a good movie. It's a Thriller starring Robert Downey, Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal
If you like Robert Downey Jr., he also stars in the movie Zodiac. I think you'll enjoy it!
If you like action films, you might also enjoy The Hunger Games. It is a thriller starring Robert Downey Jr.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes! Bryan Singer directed the movie Superman Returns. Have you seen it?
Sure! Bryan Singer directed the movie X-Men 2.
Yes, it is a Thriller, similar to Shark Night, which also stars Kyla Pratt.
I like super hero thrillers, do you have a favorite one?
You are welcome, have a great day!
That's a good movie. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he also produced The Happening if you like Bruce Willis. Have you seen it?
Those are all great movies to recommend to you.
Certainly, enjoy!
Sure Terry Gilliam wrote The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus which has genre in Adventure. Do you like adventure films?
TheImaginarium of Doctor Parnassus was released in 1982.
Sure! You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Sure, The Lucky One is a romantic drama written by Will Fetters and Nicholas Sparks, are you a fan of the authors or genres by any chance?
Have you read The Notebook or The Best of Me?
The Wedding was released in 2002 and is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Zane Grey is a Speculative fiction.
Certainly. You are welcome.
The Wolf of Wall Street stars Leonardo DiCaprio, do you like it because you like his movies?
It stars Matthew McConaughey and was released in 2015.
Great! You are welcome.
Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Time Machine and The Forge of God.
You might enjoy The Clan of the Cave Bear. It was also a very good one.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Callum Rennie starred in eXistenZ and Warcraft.
Yes, Callum Rennie starred in The Young Elites. what else can i do for you?
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Would you like another book by Robert Louis Stevenson?
I'm not sure who wrote it, but I do know that it was released in 1886
Glad I could help!
Yes, Gillian Flynn also wrote Dark Places. He also wrote Shadows, and Dark Places.
Sure, The Scar is a mystery novel written by Lena Olin and released in 1843. Is there anything else I can help with?
It was directed by Kurt Wimmer, do you like the movie or the genre?
He also directed The Greatest Show on Earth: The Winter Soldier and Brave New World.
The King was released in 2014 in English and is a drama/fantasy genre.
Total Recall is a movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like his movies?
He was in Angels & Demons. Would you like to watch that?
He was in The Car and The Beast Within You.
You are welcome.
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories ?
Yes, Vanishing Acts is a novel. It's similar to The Memoir.
Yes, the book came out in 2014. Would you like to know anything else about this book?
Brave was directed by Brad Pitt. If you like Brad Pitt, you might also like The Incredibles. Have you seen that one?
Another produced by Brave is The Maze Runner. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
He is a soccer player and has played for Real Madrid and Fluminense FC.
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Brazil national football team.
Yes Luis a Midfielder
Yes he wrote The Bourne Identity. Are you into speculative fiction?
Yes. To Kill a Mockingbird and The Manchurian Candidate might interest you.
It's also a movie starring Jeffrey DeMunn and Katherine Heigl.
I'll add that right now.
Is he an actor or an athelete
Yes, it was popular in India. Did you know he won a Padma Shri Awards?
I believe it was playing for the Mumbai Indians and the Delhi Daredevils. Do you like Cricket?
She's a fantastic children's writer. She wrote If You Give a Pig a Party and If You Give a Pig a Party. Have you read them?
Yes, it was actually released in 1985. That's the same year If You Give a Mouse a Cookie was released.
I don't know that information, but Felicia Bond also wrote If You Give a Pig a Party.
No problem! I am happy to help.
No, I do not. Isn't he a writer or a pacifist?
No, but Wild Cards was released in German so you might like it.
That's great! Perfect Chemistry was written by Roald Dahl. I think it was a great book, too.
Harold Ramis wrote Groundhog Day. This is a crime fiction film, do you like that genre?
Since you like comedies, you may want to check out Happily Ever After. It is also a Family Friendly movie.
This movie is in the comedy genre
I know that he wrote the book Isaac Asimov.
Have you read Midnight Rain? It is a similar book.
He also wrote A Bug's Life. That was a good read.
They are an American writer who wrote The Night Circus, have you heard of that top selling book?
The Last Song is written by Nicholas Sparks and he has a genre of drama and crime fiction. Do you like those genres?
Yes, he also wrote True Believer and The Wedding.
That book is called True Believer in the genre of True Believer. Would you like to read it?
It is a crime fiction, similar to True Believer.
No problem!
Davidllas Cowboys is an American novelist, critic, public speaker, essayist, and columnist. Were you looking for something like that?
I don't really know much about him, but I do know that he is from Pennsylvania.
Yeah, I'll have to have to check them out. Thanks for all the information.
Yes, he starred in Jumbo. He is an author and athlete.
Yes, you're right. Slumdog Millionaire was an indie film.
I would not consider it a horror film, but I would say I'd love to see it.
Sure, Go Set A Watchman and Silent In The Grave are similar.
Yes Harper Lee wrote To Kill a Mockingbird and The Twits is released in 1960.
You are welcome.
I think she is a great athlete, did you know she was born in Hisar (Indian district)?
No I haven't. I think he plays badminton but I've heard a lot about him.
Yes, I have heard about Serena Williams and her sister Serena, have you heard of them?
I love him! I especially enjoy his earlier music with Maroon 5
Yes, she wrote and starred in the movie The Voice.
Sure, the musician Meatloaf also had some acting roles in that film. Do you like his music?
Xander Berkeley starred in Kick Ass.
It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
It was released in 2016. Do you need any other information about the movie?
He also starred in Lord of War. Have you seen it?
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a drama.
He was in Lord of War and starred Nicolas Cage.
You're welcome!
No, I haven't heard his music but I know that he is very talented, he is a songwriter too.
Yes, he is a great composer. I like him.
That was a great year for him.
I can recommend a movie Chaos, it is thriller. Have you ever seen it?
The Invisible Man is a good one. It's a thriller. Have you seen it?
It is also a romance/comedy film. It's a great movie.
Its a good movie. Enjoy it!
Gangs of New York starring Daniel Day-Lewis of course! Round Midnight is one I suggest.
Yes, Liam Neeson also starred in The Mask. Have you seen that one?
If you like Liam Neeson, you might also enjoy The Missing. It's a historical drama.
Enjoy
I can tell you that The Great Gathering Storm is the next book in the series, and the next is The Amazing Spider Man.
I actually don't have any other information at the moment. But I can tell you that would be a good book.
I would recommend A Year Down Yonder. It is a historical novel.
If you like fiction, you might also enjoy A Year Down Yonder.
Sure, it's a book written by Mark Twain. It was released in 1982. It is a children's literature fiction. Do you like that genre?
Lucia Graves wrote La sombra del viento an el juego del angel. Have you read those books>
Sure! It was released in 1987. Would you like to know more about it?
That's great, I hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome!
I believe she is 29 years old. She is an amazing actress.
It was released in 1986
I don't show what she starred in, but the Muppets was written by Charles Dickens
I am not sure, would you like me to name the movie
I have not really followed them much as it seems they float around between the AFL and the NFL.
I think Lamar Jackson is a good quarterback. Do you like him?
Of course, have a good day!
Do you like Spirit Bound because it's a paranormal romance, or because it's urban fantasy?
I would recommend The Golden Lily or Succubus Blues which are also Young-adult fiction.
Shailene Woodley and Sam Trammell both starred in this heart felt movie.
You might enjoy The Hunger Games or The Book Thief.
Yes, its written by Lois Lowry and the genre is Speculative fiction.
Lois Lowry also wrote; Gathering Blue, Anastasia Krupnik, and The Giver. The Giver is Young-adult fiction. Can I help you with anything else?
The Giver is a genre of Young-adult fiction.
Christopher Bigsby wrote The Crucible and All My Sons have you seen them?
You might also enjoy The Crucible by Christopher Bigsby. Have you read it?
Sure! Do you like Wes Anderson movies or or romance films in general?
He wrote Assault on Precinct 13. Do you like Dramas?
In addition to being a writer, she is also a screenwriter and a musician.
Of course, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it was written by Roger Avary
Sure! It was released in 1994 and stars Samuel L Jackson. It is a drama/mystery. Would you like to know more about it?
He is also on the TV series The Messengers. Have you seen that one?
Sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that it is a Horror movie that is the same genre.
I liked her in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade and Major League II. Have you read those?
She was also in Man on the Moon, which is a good movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I love her. Her music is very Influential but she is also a talented actress.
I like Dance wiv Me and Dance wiv Me. Have you heard of them? They are two of my favorites.
I'm not too sure about that one, but I agree with you on Dancing with the Stars.
She wrote The Thorn Birds and The First Man in Rome.
The Thorn Birds was released in Rome and The First Man in Rome was released in 1977.
I would also recommend The First Man in Rome and The First Man in Rome.
Alison Doody starre in A View to Kill and A prayer for the Dying. Have you heard of these?
It was released in 1993
Sean Connery and River Phoenix also star in it
You're welcome
Are you looking for other books by J.K. Rowling, or do you just prefer the fantasy genre of it?
You might enjoy The Chamber of Secrets or The Fault in Our Stars.
You're welcome.
Sure! Have you read Rebecca? It was written by Daphne du Maurier and is a really good read.
Rebecca was released in 1938.
Yes, she translated The Mask of Zorro.
Yes, I like him in This is 40.
The Muse is a Romance movie that was released in 2004. Do you like Romance movies?
Not really, but I think you should watch The Muse. It is a classic and also stars Joe Pesci.
Enjoy!
That was a great movie with Steve Carell in it! Do you like him as an actor?
Steve Carell also starred in The Power of Thinking Without Thinking and The Magician's Nephew.
You're right. Zach Galifianakis wrote and starred in Zookeeper.
You might enjoy Xenocide or The Iron Giant.
Susan Meissner wrote The Iron Queen. It is a historical novel. Do you enjoy this genre?
You are welcome, enjoy!
You may also enjoy his book The Jungle Book, it is a great read!
The Terminator is a sci-fi movie. Would you like similar sci-fi recommendations?
Rosario Dawson also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness. You should definitely watch that one.
You are welcome.
That's a great team. Didn't they win the Super Bowl last year?
Tom Brady and Tom Brady won that one. Are you a Patriots fan?
You're right, he was also in Who's the Boss?
He is such an amazing songwriter! I especially like Yellow Submarine and Bag one.
He also wrote Star Trek. Did you know he was also a musician?
You might enjoy The Black Dahlia then. It is an adventure movie. Have you seen it?
I have The Time Machine and The Mask of Zorro.
Wonderful. The Postman has genre Fantasy, do you have any other questions about it?
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Pearl Harbor was released in 1985 and was a romantic comedy. Do you like this genre?
I am not sure. However, I can tell you that Pearl Harbor has a movie similar to Pearl Harbor.
Yes, I love anything by J.K. Rowling, especially the Harry Potter series. Do you want to know more?
There is a sequel called Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone.
Gremlins wrote all of the Harry Potter movies. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome. Enjoy the movie!
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
Oh, I forgot about that. I think he's also a point guard. Are you a basketball fan?
It does! He was also in Why Did I Get Married Too.
Yes! That's a great movie. I loved it. It's been a long time.
She wrote The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
It has genre Science and Psychological Thriller. Do you like either genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
The coach of the Denver Broncos is John Fox right?
Yes and the Packer is written by Jerry Bruckheimer.
I like basketball and football. What about you?
Robert Duvall starred a few Americam Film like tha Apostle, God Father. Have you seen this movie?
Yes, it was written by Richard Condon and stars Todd Allen and Farrah Fawcett. It's a family movie.
Enjoy your movie time!
Isn't he married to Zoe White? Did you know he starred in Zombieland?
He did. He's a great golfer. Do you like golf?
I don't know what else he is in, I wonder if he was also a director?
I sure can! Total Recall has a genre of thriller and science fiction. Would you like titles related to these genres?
You might enjoy The Xenocide or The Maze Runner.
The Adjustment Bureau stars Bruce Willis, Teddy Kristiansen, and Marc Hempel. It was released in 1980.
You might also check out The Absolute Sandman. Enjoy!
Yes, he is my favorite quarterback on my favorite team, the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
Did you know he was born in Austin?
I haven't seen it either. I hear he's pretty good. Do you like him?
Yes, I haven't read it, but I know that it is a paranormal romance, urban fantasy, young adult fiction book. By Richelle Mead. Do you like any of those genres?
Yes, it is. Does that interest you?
I know that The Sacrifice is also part of the Vampire Academy series
You're welcome
If you like Young-adult fiction, you might enjoy The Giver or The Long Walk.
The genre is young-adult fiction.
Sure, have you read the Very Hungry Caterpillar or because it is a romance novel?
I am sorry I do not have any information on that.
One of my favorites is Xenocide. Have you read it?
Yes, he also wrote Ant-Man and The Perfect Storm.
He also wrote Cars with Charley: In Search of America and The Polar Express.
You're welcome.
Bruce Greenwood starred in The Republic of Love with Gary Farmer.
I am not sure who else starred in it, but Jackie Burroughs also starred in The Republic of Love.
No problem! Enjoy!
Are you referring to the football player for the Green Bay Packers?
I couldn't say what year that came out, but Aaron Rodgers has won 3 Super Bowls.
Mike McCarthy also played for the Green Bay Packers
Yes, she wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read either of these?
I don't have any more information on that author but I can tell you that she was influenced by Dante Alighieri and Philip Kaufman.
I don't have any other information on that author, but I can tell you she was a French author who wrote The Historian.
You are most welcome.
That's a great book. The Two Towers and The Silence of the Lambs are two similar.
Yes you are correct. Winnie-the-Pooh wrote The Tao of Pooh and The House at Pooh Corner have you read them?
Yes it is. It was released in 2014 and is in the Speculative Fiction genre.
Absolutely, Enjoy and have a great day.
I like Jason Kidd. Do you have a favorite player?
Oh my gosh, he was the Golden State Warriors.
That's cool. I'm a fan of the Greek Freaks.
Yes, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by Steve Kloves
Yes he did. Wonder Boys was a great book.
Yes, Linkin Park is still an older song. Do you like them? They were both called Brave New World.
The Road is a post apocalyptic fiction book. Is that what you are looking for?
Have you heard of Xenocide or Wuthering Heights? They are both post-apocalyptic fiction.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
He normally does Tragedy.
He does! He wrote The Paper Men, which is a science fiction book as well.
You're welcome!
Do you like Tom Hanks as an actor?
Well, he's a great actor! Do you like his movies?
They are both dramas. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
She's a writer from Chico, California. Two books she has written are The Matrix and Pulp Fiction. Do you like those types of books?
She also created that. You may want to follow her on Saturday Night Live, she is a great comedy.
I do! I'm more of a satire show like Baby Girl, Gone Baby Gone and many others like the same genre. Do you like comedies?
I believe so.
You must be thinking of Tiger Woods, but he did write it too.
Yeah. I know she plays the forward position in soccer/football but not much else.
I know he's also a football player, but I don't follow the sport. How about you?
Yeah. She was born in Los Angeles and plays for the Chilean National Football team.
Kesha is pretty cool. I like her song Till the world ends. Are you a fan of her?
Yeah, me too. I like her when she was younger, but I don't really care for her.
That's awesome. I like Yellow Submarine, he has a great voice. Did you know he's from Philadelphia?
Yes, Beatrice Sparks wrote Go Ask Alice.
Yes, and it was released in 2003. Would you like to know more about it?
It was. The same year that A Walk to Remember was released.
No problem, enjoy!
Ray Bradbury is known for writing The Martian Chronicles and The Illustrated Man. Do you like science fiction?
Yes, it is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Wintersmith is written by Ray Bradbury.
You're welcome. Enjoy your book!
Enjoy your book!
Yes Freakonomics and Horrible Bosses a very funny film
Stephen Dillane starred in Freakonomics. Do you like his acting?
He plays soccer, but my favorite sport that he plays is Cristiano Ronaldo.
Really, I don't know much about him. Did you know he also played with the Portugal national football team?
Yes, she is an amazing actress. Did you know she was born in London?
Total Recall has a genre of thriller and science fiction. Would you like titles related to these genres?
Arnold Schwarzenegger also stared in The Terminator, Predator
Great question! Arnold Schwarzenegger will be playing the main character, Lovie Smith.
The genre is Speculative fiction and Fantasy. Do you like that genre?
Ella Enchanted has genre Speculative fiction and Fantasy
The genre is fiction and drama. Do you like fiction?
You are welcome
Sure, have you see The Return of a Man Called Horse or The Last Temptation of Chris
William Lucking also starred in The Return of a Man Called Horse.
William Lucking starred in The Return of a Man Called Horse alongside J.K. Simmons.
Well, he wrote madame Bovary a romance. Do you like romance books?
It was released in 1856.
I am sorry, I do not have that information.
I am not sure about that but I can tell you that it is a science fiction book.
Yes of course it written by Kurt Wimmer do you like his work?
Yes you are right, he was. It's a Thriller
No I haven't. Who else stars in that movie?
Heart of Darkness is written by Joseph Conrad and is a Fiction Novella.
I can. The Portable Atheist was written by Roger Zemeckis.
Yes, it is. I'm sure you will enjoy it.
peter pan
It was released in 1904.
Yes. J.M. Barrie also wrote Zach Galifianakis.
It was written in English and released in 1904.
Enjoy your reading!
He wrote The Professor. Have you read that book?
It truly is a classic! Would you like to know more about Wuthering Heights?
Done! Enjoy them!
Sure, one that I'm familiar with is David Copperfield. Have you read that one?
It is a great read. He also wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop, have you read them?
You're welcome! Let me know if you need anything else.
Blood Promise is a young adult fiction book by Richelle Mead. Do you like young adult fiction books?
All I know is that it was written by Richelle Mead.
I believe it is a young adult fiction.
You're welcome! I would also recommend The Blood Promise.
Sure! He is a Swiss professional tennis player. Do you enjoy tennis?
Not really a fan of tennis, but I do like Venus Williams. He is a great player. He was also in the 2012 Summer Olympics. That was a great match!
Sounds cool! Did you know he is from the United States of America?
Blake Griffin is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Do you like basketball?
Oh wow, he's alright. Did you know he's from Chicago?
Haha, I am not sure. I do know he is a basketball player.
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
You might enjoy The Golden Compass or Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
You are welcome. Have a good day.
Yes, The Help was directed by Tate Taylor and released in 2007. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, she was as well as Laurence Fishburne and Louisa May Alcott. Do you like either of those actors?
He was in Men in Black 3, and Superbad. Do either of those interest you?
Joseph Kosinski wrote The Monsters University, which starred Thomas Lennon.
I like a lot of his musicals. Would you like to know about any of his other works?
Yes he did, and he also starred in Ghostbusters II.
You are welcome!
Pat Conroy is a wonderful writer. Did you know he wrote The Water is Wide and The Prince of Tides?
Pat Conroy is an author who wrote The Water is Wide and The Prince of Tides.
Flannery O'Conner wrote The Water is Wide. It was released in 1891.
Wise Blood is a children's literature.
Your welcome.
Yes, she starred in the movie Aliens.
He also starred in Shelley Duvall and Wonder Boys. Have you seen those?
If you like Tombstone, you may also like The Truman Show. It's a very good movie.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen
She also wrote Mansfield Park.
You are welcome. what else can i do for you?
He is an author who wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction.
Some of her most famous books are Silent in the Grave and Walk Two Moons. Do you like young adult fiction novels?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Paul Verhoeven is a movie director. Do you like the movies that he stars in?
He also directed RoboCop starring Mark Boal.
Total Recall is a 2004 American science fiction thriller directed by Roland Emmerich.
You are welcome!
Snow White and the Huntsman was written by John Lee Hancock and it stars Sam Claffin. Do you like his movies?
Did you know Snow White and the Huntsman was produced by Ray Winstone?
Definitely! Undertow is a novel written by Stieg Larsson.
I don't have any information on that. Do you want me to give you other movies under the same genre?
I am sorry I do not have any information on that.
Yes, I would recommend Transformers: Dark of the Moon and Titan A.E. Have you seen them?
Have you seen the other Harry Potter movies?
The Golden Compass was written by Philip Pullman
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy!
Okay. Glad to help.
Collateral was directed by Tom Cruise starring Tom Cruise .Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he did. That was a great film. If you like Public Enemies, you might also like The Proposal.
You might also enjoy Unleashed or The Man in the Iron Mask.
No problem!
Total Recall has a genre of thriller and science fiction. Would you like titles related to these genres?
Dennis Hopper is a main actor who also stars in Total Recall
Michael Arndt helped with Tim Robbins and Jeff Garlin.
You're welcome.
I do know they are owned by Bill Neukom and they were the runner-up in super bowl XLVIII.
Oh. Didn't they win the World Series a lot of times?
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Denzel Washington and James Wilcox star in the Equalizer.
Sure, she is in The Hunger Games, and The Book Thief.
I'm not sure. I can give you some information on that.
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy it!
I don't know a lot about him, just that he plays table tennis. Do you watch any table tennis tournaments ?
Yes, he is from China. Are you a fan?
Yes it does! Zhang Ziyii also starred in You, Me, and Dupree, in Red Dragon.
He wrote The Man who was Mark Twain: Images and Ideologies
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn is a good one.
Mark Twain is quite similar. He also wrote The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson.
He has written a few books. The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn has the genre of Fantasy.
Yes, you're welcome
Yes, if you like Jane Austen, you might enjoy Mansfield Park.
Sense and Sensibility, Pride and Prejudice, Persuasion and City of Glass. Have you read any of those?
Its a fiction novel.
To Build a Fire was written by Tom Clancy and he also wrote A Man Named Dave.
It is a Romance and Historical Novel.
You are very welcome!
He starred in Zookeeper and Wonder Woman. Have you seen those?
Yeah, he was. Did you know he actually wrote and starred in the movie?
Yes, he did. If you like Owen Wilson, you might also like The Royal Tenenbaums.
Thanks, I hope you enjoy it.
That is a great song. Did you know she starred in a few movies like Pauly Shore is Dead and Crossroads?
Yes, she was married to Sean Penn years ago. Isn't Kevin Federline one of my favorites?
That is a great movie you should watch. I haven't seen it yet, what is it about?
The Terminal is a drama, so some other dramas that may be similar are The Ring Two and Fateless.
It is a book written by Liisa gardner and released in 2012. It's an excellent book.
Yes, The Terminal was a funny movie. You should watch it.
You're welcome, enjoy!
sure, he starred in Tom Horn, The War Lover and the Reivers, what genre of films you prefer more his drama or action?
It came out in 2002. Would you like to know who else was in it?
Great, it was written by Rick Riordan. Would you like me to send it to you?
You're welcome! Enjoy your movie.
Heart of Darkness was written by Joseph Conrad and has genres Novella and Fiction. Do you like these genres?
Ann Patchett wrote it.
The Name of the Wind is a picture book by Eric Carle.
Are you interested in the genre of parody or movies that John Cleese is in?
It was released in 1900.
It was written by Baum, but I don't have much information about her.
I don't have that information but would you like me to check it out
Ok, can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I think he plays for the Argentina national football team. I don't follow soccer much. Do you like him?
That's a fun sport to watch. If I'm more of a football fan, I would definitely recommend Running with Scissors.
He was. I didn't know Louis van Gaal was a former world No. 1 in singles. He was a wonderful coach.
Yes, he is. He's a great actor. Do you like his movies?
Yes, he was in Star Wars: The Force Awakens.
Sure. Anything else I can help you with today?
He directed The Perks of Being a Wallflower. Do you like the Romance genre?
Emma Watson was in it. Do you like her?
Yes she was. She was also in The Perks of Being A Wallflower.
I am not sure, but I can tell you that Emma was in The Perks of Being a Wallflower is another movie.
You're welcome.
Yes. It stars Brad Pitt and it's a great movie.
Tom Cruise actually starred in a few called The Last Samurai.
Andres Iniesta is a soccer player from Brazil. Do you like soccer?
I prefer the St Louis Cardinals but I find it interesting that Magic Johnson owns the Dodgers.
Yes they are a goof team. I don't think they are a goof team.
That's right. The San Francisco Giants played a lot of games. Did you watch the World Series?
Yes they are. I like to watch the World Series a lot.
I do! Are you a fan of the author, Anne Hathaway or Anne Hathaway?
Then you might enjoy Aline Bronna. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, he starred in Treasure Planet, The Three Lives of Thomasina and The Phantom. Are you looking for any particular genre?
Yes, that is correct. Martin Short starred in Treasure Planet. Did you know he also starred in Catwoman?
That one stars Tony Cox and Rosa Salazar, to name a few. You may want to check it out.
William Friedkin directed the Hunted. Do you know that one?
It is a Biographical film. Would you like to watch it?
Not that I know of, sorry! But I can tell you that he directed a thriller film called Shark Night.
You're welcome!
Pearl S Buck wrote The good Earth. Did you know she was also a teacher?
It is a romance. Do you like romance movies?
No, that movie is more of a romance. Do you like romance movies?
Is there anything else you need help with?
I haven't heard much about them but I do know that they are owned by Leslie Alexander.
I like soccer and football. Do you have a favorite team?
I enjoy watching the sport. Who is your favorite sport?
He directed Little Miss Sunshine.
He also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
Sure, some of the actors in that movie are Tyler Mane and Anne Hathaway.
Alan Arkin also starred in The Robots. Have you seen that one?
Yes she is. She lost to Sarena Wiliams.
Her current ranking is Serena Williams, I believe.
You're welcome, have a great day.
He was a Journalist and wrote a Biography. Do you like Biography books?
Sure! Ralph Steadman wrote The Red Pyramid and The Man in the Iron Mask. Have you read them?
He also wrote Batman Begins and the Titan's Curse.
You're very welcome.
Did you like the book because it was Speculative fiction?
She also wrote Fairest and The Two Princesses of Bamarre.
Yes it is Fantasy it is also a fantasy novel
It is also written by Gail Carson Levine and is a fantasy.
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
I remember he was a quarterback for the Denver Broncos. Do you like football?
I think he will be a free agent.
He is a football player, his position is forward and he's the forward position
He plays for the Argentina national football team.
I agree, they have pretty good players on the team.
Sure, it is a great read. It was released in 2004 and written by Jeff Kinney. Jeff Kinney also wrote The Long Haul.
I unfortunately do not have that information at this time.
You are welcome! Enjoy your reading!
Apocalypto is a war film written by James Dashner. Do you like his work?
I don't have any information on other films he wrote, but Apocalypto is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure! The Passion of the Christ is starring Hristo Shopov and Albert Dupontel.
Sure, no problem!
I certainly can! Of course there are the sequels if you haven't seen those. The Harry Potter films fall into the same genre, along with The Hunger Games films. All were very popular. Have you seen those?
I would recommend Divergent. It was also made into a movie.
You're welcome.
Yes, that was released in 2012.
I am not sure who wrote it, but I know it was written by Cecelia Ahern and released in 2003.
Yea, she wrote a bunch. She also wrote a follow-up titled Wyrd Sisters.
It's a fiction novel. Do you like those kinds of books?
Do you like Fantasy or action?
Cool, it is written by Steve Kloves and stars Simon McBurney. Is there anything in particular you are looking for?
Philip Pullman wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke.
You might also like his novel, The Matrix Revisited.
He directed Cutthroat Island, starring Frank langella, and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Yes, you are correct. He also wrote The Late Shift.
It has Geena Davis, Samuel Jackson, and David Morse to name a few. Are you a fan of those actors?
You are welcome.
Yes, she is a lyricist
I like Ed Sheeran, Selena Gomez, also Justin Bieber and many others.
Didn't Ricky Martin play the piano and the guitar?
It was written by Jojo Moyes. Do you like the author Jojo Moyes?
He also wrote The Man in the Iron Mask and Boogie Nights.
I am not sure who was in that movie, but I do know it was a superhero film. Do you like superhero movies?
Not much, but I do know she's a Danish tennis player and was a former world No 1 in singles. Are you a fan of hers?
Yes, Venus Williams really is a great tennis player.
Yes, they have a lot of interesting talent on the team.
The New York Knicks is a great basketball team. I think Mike Woodson is a good coach. Do you like them?
Oh, yea he's also a quarterback. Anything else I can help you with?
I haven't seen it a long time. Who is in that movie?
Yes, he is a great football player form Wales.
I watch it most Sundays at least one game. I like American Football. Are you a fan?
It is a great movie. Hope you enjoy it!
He wrote The Water is Wide, The Prince of Tides and The Lords of Discipline.
I am not sure but it was released in 1969
He also wrote The Water is Wide
Is there anything else you would like to know
The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
So sorry, I don't have that information. Something else I can help with?
It's a Mystery and speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Oh yes! That's a good one. It is written by Mickey Knox. Are you interested in Adventure?
Sure! Once Upon a Time in the West was written by Mickey Knox and released in 1962. It is also a Speculative fiction.
Sure, Once Upon a Time in the West was directed by Mickey Knox. Would you like to know more about it?
It is a crime movie written by Cassandra Clare and starring Sofia Coppola and Johnny Depp. Have you seen it?
To Kill a Mockingbird, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Manchurian Candidate might be a good fit for you.
To Kill a Mockingbird was directed by Robert Mulligan and released in 2016. It is based on the true story of a father dealing with the accusation that his 14-year-old son is a murderer.
The Manchurian Candidate was written and directed by Richard Condon.
Tom Hardy stared in both The Revenant and Thick as Thieves so they might be similar.
He is a composer/DJ. Some of his work is Where Have You Been and Yeah x3. Do you know his work?
he's also a DJ. Do you like him?
Andy Murray is a great player, but I think his performance has been impressive. Are you a fan?
I like tennis. I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer. Do you like them?
I think Joss Whedon has a great career but not as much as his wife.
Sure! She wrote The Memoirs of Sylvia Day. Have you read it?
I am not sure but I can tell you that it is a memoir.
You are welcome
Well Rob Riggle starred in The Lorax and The Hangover. He was also in Step Brothers.
I don't know what songs she sing, but I do like The Weeknd. Do you like The Weeknd?
Yes, you're right. I haven't heard anything from her. I think she was in a movie called Mama. Have you seen it?
I haven't heard of Shakira, but I heard she's a little wild. I like Sia Furler, too. Have you heard her sing?
She was. I haven't heard anything from her. I'll have to check it out!
All I know is he is a cricket player. Not really a sport that I follow. Do you like the sport?
What's your favorite sport?
Yes, she was in Swindle 2013, but I haven't seen those.
Absolutely! Bob Peck starred in Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow. Have you seen those?
That is correct! Bill Paxton also starred in Tower Heist and The Lord of the Rings.
Yes, that movie is great! Kevin Costner also starred in Wings of Desire. Have you seen that movie?
That's right, it was released in 1989.
Sure! Do you like Fantasy films? You might like The Wolfman.
The Hobbitt: An Unexpected Journey is a book by James Patterson, based on his work. Have you seen it?
Sure! The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones stars Matthew McConaughey and was released in 2016. It's considered a classic!
Yes! Kevin Zegers also starred in the science fiction film Zoom. Have you seen it?
No problem! Hope you enjoy.
Can You Keep a Secret was released in 2003 and was written in English by Sophie Kinsella, who also wrote Wedding Night and The Undomestic Goddess. Heard of either of these?
She also wrote The Undomestic Goddess, and the Shopaholic series
Her genre is drama and crime. Do you like those types of movies?
Would you like me to add it to your reading list?
Sure. Have a great day!
He plays cricket and was recently named Cricketer of the Year. Do you like cricket?
I'm not a fan of cricket, but I do know he's from India.
Well, from what I've heard, she's a very talented player, actually.
Sure, did you like Sharp Objects because it was written by Gillian Flynn, or because it was the genre Suspense/Mystery?
I am not sure if she wrote Sharp Objects but it was released in 2010 and written in English.
It was released in 2014, it is a mystery/fantasy genre.
Sure! Dominic Copper starred in Warcraft and The History Boys.
Yes, it's a post apocalyptic film.
Kevin Corrigan starred in it as well. You should check it out!
You're welcome.
Anne-Marie is a singer. Is that who you mean?
I think The Chicago Cubs are an American professional baseball team based in Chicago, Illinois
Wow, I had no idea. What team do they play on?
No, I've only seen it once. It was great! I'll have to check it out.
That's great. That's a good one too, I really like him!
It came out in 2013, but I'm not sure.
Yes, he wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Small Steps. They are both childrens literature. Do you like that genre?
She also wrote Wayside School is Falling Down have you heard of that one?
I believe it is a fiction book. Do you like children's literature?
Yes, he is. He won the 2010 Masters Tournament, he also starred in Tom Cruise.
Oh he is a great golfer! He was also in Men in Black 3, are you a fan of golf?
That's great. Did you know he was also in Dressed to Kill?
Weeds was released in 2013 and is a great movie. Did you see it?
The Time Machine and The Invisible Man are some of his notable works.
It came out in 1990 and The Time Machine was also released that year.
Nope, I haven't seen it yet. Can you tell me who wrote it?
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
The movie A Space Odyssey was released in 1968 starring Paul Newman, Robert Downey Jr. and Jamie Lee Curtis
He is a pretty good shooting guard, plus he won the NBA sixth Man of the Year Award.
Yes, he is very good, isn't he married to Ryan?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I don't really like them. I think they are the most arrogant team in the MLB, and I don't like them.
The Yankees play in the American League East and have not played in the World Series since 2003. Red Sox beat them this last season.
Baseball is the most popular team in the American League, and was founded by George Steinbrenner.
It is a Psycho that was written by James Dashner. What genre do you like?
Joseph Stefano was a big name in the movie, did you know Sam Elliott starred in this movie?
A recent one is Bright, directed by David Ayer. Have you heard of it?
They are one of the best football teams, did you know their coach is Ryan Giggs?
Yes. Did you know they're coached by Greg Schiano?
Yes they both have worked together. Did you know they both starred in the movie Dreamcatcher?
Sure! Rocky was written by Sylvester Stallone and stars Rocky. Do you like them because it's a thriller?
He starred in The House of Mirth and Lolita. Have you seen any of these?
Creed is a comedy film that also stars Kate Winslet and Emily Blunt.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Michael Crichton wrote the book Disclosure. Does this interest you?
The Lost World has a genre of Speculative fiction and Drama.
You're most welcome!
I'm not sure. He's a great actor. Have you seen him in the movie Troy?
Nicole Kidman and Anne Hathaway also star in it.
He was also in the movie The Young Sherlock Holmes
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen and it's a Romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility are both historical fiction novels.
To Kill a Mockingbird, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Manchurian Candidate might be a good fit for you.
The Time Machine was written by H.G. Wells, who also wrote The War of the Worlds.
Have you seen Jurassic World? Colin Trevorrow wrote that.
It is considered a thriller and an action. Do you like Omar Sy?
Cloverfield is considered a thriller and stars Omar Sy. Other movies in this genre are Zodiac, Undisputed, and Underworld: Evolution.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Me too, he's great. Did you know he starred in The Rules of Attraction?
I'm not sure about that. Are you a Patsy Kensit fan?
Yes, it is. It's considered a drama and a biography.
That is definitely a classic! I've read it and I really liked it.
They are a great team in the National Football League. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys though. How about you?
Giancarlo Stanton, he was a player for the Dallas Cowboys.
He played against the New Orleans Saints in the Superbowl.
He directed The Return of a Man Called Horse and The Last Temptation of Chris
Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back was released in 2006 also starred Harrison Ford and Anthony Daniels.
It stars Sean Connery and also Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back.
Gillian Flynn. She's from the United States.
He also wrote Sharp Objects and Dark Places. I couldn't find any other books by him, but if you like his books, I recommend Looking for Alaska.
You might like Dark Places. It was released in 2014, similar to Dark Places.
Yes, I agree. I think his most famous would be Romeo and Juliet.
Yes I like science fiction. I would recommend Xenocide and Wolf Brother.
Great, enjoy your day!
He plays cricket from India
I don't know much about him. Can you tell me a little about Virat Kohli?
I agree! He was a very good cricket player.
I have not, but I would love to. I like it better than I used to like to. You should give it a try.
I think you will really enjoy it. You should give it a try.
You too!
I do! I know they are owned by Leslie Alexander. Are you a fan of them?
It is both. Looper is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Yes, Warlock is a great movie. Have you seen it?
Yes it is. If you like zombie movies, you might also enjoy Zombieland.
You might also enjoy the movie When the Wind Blows that you might like.
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like his work?
He also wrote Tender is the Night, The Beautiful Damned, and The Cursed Child.
Erich Maria Remarque wrote Arc de Triomphe her works include Im Westen nichts Neues and Drei Kameraden, among others. Would you like to know more?
I'm not sure of when they came out, but Im Westen nichts Neues was written in English.
Yes, it does. It was released in German in English.
My pleasure to help!
Not that much other than she's a Danish tennis player. Are you a fan of hers?
She plays soccer, but I don't really follow sports. Do you like soccer?
Yes Williams sisters play tennis, and their sister Serena is great as well! Both are great players.
Yes I did like it. I like tennis better than watching the Williams sisters.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Is that written by Tennessee Williams, and part of the Southern Gothic genre?
Tennessee Williams also directed Cat on a Hot Tin Roof. Have you seen it?
He also wrote Cat on a Hot Tin Roof and The Glass Menagerie
you are welcome
In the Woods was written by Tana French and it is a Mystery. Do you like this type of book?
In the Woods is considered speculative fiction and fantasy. Do you like these genres?
You're welcome. Glad I could help.
He is a writer, poet, author. He wrote Thirteen Reasons Why and The boycott. Have you heard of them?
He has been in a number of films including Zero Dark Thirty, Taking Chance, The Polar Express and The Pilgrimage.
It appears that David Ayer starred in Kill Bill: Vol 2. Do you like his acting?
Sure, you might enjoy The Prestige or The Dark Knight.
No problem!
I do! The Minnesota Vikings are coached by Mike Zimmer and a part of the National Football League.
The Vikings are second in the NFC North along with the Redskins. Are you a fan of them as well?
Yes, I like the Bears. How are they doing this year?
Andrew Garfield starred in Zombieland with his mate, Emma Stone.
The Social Network starred Aaron Sorkin and Maximilian Schell.
It is considered a Biographical Drama and a biography.
It was released in 2010 and Miguel Arteta. Do you like them?
The film is considered a drama and a biography.
2010 is a movie starring Vince Vaughn, Andrew Garfield, and Andrew Garfield.
You're very welcome. Have a great day!
Of course, Ang Lee starred in Hollywood Chinese with Wayne Wang and Directed The Ice Storm starring Tobey Maguire.
Tobey Maguire did star in The Ice Storm. Did you know Tobey Maguire starred in that movie?
He also wrote The Wool Cap and Miracles to name a few.
Brisingr is a young-adult fiction book written by Christopher Paolini and released in 2014.
Yes, Paolini is a Young-adult fiction. His novel is in the speculative fiction genre and the next in the series is Eldest.
You are welcome, I hope you enjoy them!
Sure! Did you enjoy Throne of Glass because is written by Sarah J Maas or because it was a thriller?
It was released in 2016. Do you like thrillers?
Wonderful. You may also like The Assassin and the Desert.
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote the book Persuasion.
That's the only one I see. I don't see anything else by her. What else can I help you with?
Yeah, I have. Did you know it was released in 1817?
I believe she plays badminton. I remember when I heard that people played badminton professionally, I couldn't believe it. I used to play all the time as a kid.
I'm sorry I don't. Do you have any information about Shaina Nehwal?
I'm not sure. Do you want to know more about the players?
Malcolm Gladwell also wrote What the dog Saw and Other Adventures.
He directed Seven Psychopaths? Do you like dark comedies?
Yes, he is a scientist and author.
Well, he directed One More Day. Do you like science fiction movies?
Robin Williams starred in the movie Man on the Moon. Have you seen it?
Have you seen We Bought a Zoo? It's such a fun movie.
We Bought A Zoo stars Matt Damon, Josh Brolin, and Cameron Crowe.
You got it!
I don't know much about it but you might find it interesting. The Homer wrote The Escapist and Leigh Brackett.
You might be interested in the Iliad or The Wool Cap. Both were written by the same author.
Yes, they have a lot of good works. Is there anything else I can help with?
I like the coach Pete Carroll, but I'm not a football fan. Do you?
Yes, that's true. Did you know the Giants won Super Bowl XXXV?
No, they haven't. Did you know they won the Super Bowl XXXV Super Bowl?
It's a very good movie. I can tell you that it stars Sandra Bullock and Ryan Reynolds.
She stared in several movies including Miss Congeniality and Two Weeks Notice. Do you like her movies?
Sure! The proposal stars George Clooney as well as Sandra Bullock.
I like The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October. Have you read those?
Alive is actually a novel by Charlaine Harris who has written a new book called Dead.
Yes it does! It was also written by Tom Clancy.
They are owned by The Madison Square Garden Company. Are you a fan of theirs?
The owner is Steve Kloves
They are a part of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
You're welcome
It was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Ralph Fiennes and Colin Farrell.
I couldn't find any information on Colin Farrell either. He has starred in Minority Report, as well as several others. Would you like to know more about those?
I'd recommend The Muppets. It's more of an action/adventure film, but I think you might enjoy those. Have you seen it?
You're welcome! Enjoy.
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West division. Do you like them?
John Fox and Josh Hutcherson are the runner ups. Do you know them?
Sure, it has Vin Diesel, Paul Walker and Michelle Rodriguez in it. Do you like them?
I have not seen that one. Should I add it to your list?
I love Matt Irby. He was also in Green Zone which is a Horror/Thriller.
No problem.
Have you seen the whole series? Do you like Sci-Fi?
I haven't read it, but I think it should give it a try.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No problem!
Not really, I am not a big golf fan. All I know is he's a golfer from Dallas. Do you like golf?
I didn't know he was a person that also went to Dallas. Is he a sports team?
Yes, it is. Do you know who starred in it?
Yes, I am. She wrote I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings which is a comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, she also writes Serena Williams and The Return of the King.
Sure, it was first published in 1856. It is a classic written by Richard Condon.
Of course, I hope you enjoy them!
I think he wrote она и мир.
James Franco is a wonderful actor. His most well-known role is probably from Spiderman with Toby McGuire. Have you seen that version?
Sure! This is the End stars Seth Rogen and James Franco. It is a romantic comedy. Do you like fantasy comedies?
It is a comedy. James Franco also starred in Pineapple Express and The Green Hornet.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
You're welcome!
He plays for the Chilean National Football team. Do you like soccer?
Not really, what team does he play for?
Yeah that was a great movie I like. Did you see it?
Oh wow, that is very interesting
Sure, it was written by Rick Riordan and is a young-adult fiction book.
Yes he did! It's a Fantasy book and also speculative fiction
It is a young adult novel, would you like me to add it to your list?
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
sorry there is no information about that
Mary Ann Shaffer wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society. Would you like to know more about her?
I do! I really like him in Imagine That. Have you seen it?
Ray Bradbury wrote Ray Bradbury. Have you read it? Ray Bradbury wrote the Martian Chronicles.
I'm showing that The Martian Chronicles is a romance novel
It was released in 1851
You are welcome
He plays for FC Barcelona, right? Other than that, I do not know much.
No, I haven't. Do you have any idea of him?
Is that the one with Adam Sandler in it?
I like Rob Schneider in that movie too! Do you like him?
Yes, Salma Hayek was in Frida too.
Joe Morton wrote What Lies Beneath and Thoughtcrimes. Would you like to know more?
If you like thrillers, you may enjoy Shark Night.
You may also like the movie Total Recall.
Enjoy your movie!
Yes, Saina Nehwal is a famous badminton player from India. Are you a fan of this sport?
Yes, he was in the 2012 Olympics.
Yes he is, and he is also from the 1980's.
Thor starred Chris Hemsworth and was directed by Chris Hemsworth. Do you like his movies?
There are many good ones starring Thor, including The Avengers, Guardians of the Galaxy and many other.
Great. He starred in some good movies like The Incredible Hulk, The Avengers and Guardians of the Galaxy.
My favorite one is The Incredible Hulk, if you haven't seen it already.
He wrote The Butterfly Effect.
The Butterfly Effect is a thriller that you might also like.
I don't have that information right now. I can tell you that The Butterfly Effect was released in 2001. It is a Thriller/Comedy/Drama movie that was released in 2002.
William Lee Scott wrote, directed and produced The Snows of Kilimanjaro.
October Sky is a 2018 thriller film directed by Steven Spielberg. It was released on Netflix. Is there anything else you would like to know?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
She's great. I liked her in the movie Crossroads.
It also starred Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Kristen Connolly. Do you like their work?
It was released in 2017 and is a thriller/drama. Enjoy!
300 is directed by him.
I dont have that information, but Pencil 300 was released in 1985.
Gerard Butler starred in this movie. If you like his acting, you might like The Warrior's Way.
Gerard Butler starred in this movie. If you like his acting, you might like The King's Speech.
Certainly! Kill Bill: Vol. 1 is a great Action movie. Do you like action movies?
Vivica A Fox and David Carradine starred in it. It was also directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion, which was released 1817
Yes, if you like Jane Austen, you might also like Mansfield Park.
Yes, he did. It's a great historical period drama.
Sure, it is written by Cassandra Clare and a young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction books?
The Shadowhunter's Codex is another book written by her. Have you heard of it?
I believe it was made into a movie. Have you seen the movie?
Tom Cruise starred in Mission impossible Rogue Nation so if you like him he also starred in Valkyrie.
Yes that is correct. did you know Robert Towne starred in that movie?
You might enjoy World War Z or White Fang.
You are welcome.
I don't think that is their coach. Are you a Packers fan?
Well, my favorite team is the Washington Redskins. What is yours?
I don't really follow sports at all, but I do like basketball. My favorite team is the Cowboys though.
Jodi Picoult My Sister's Keeper. Are you looking for more books written by Jodi Picoult or novels?
Jodi also wrote The Tenth Circle. Have you read that one?
No, I don't have any information on that one.
I don't watch much soccer but I do enjoy football. My favorite team is Wilfried Zaha. Are you a fan?
I have never been to a professional soccer game, I like to watch the World Cup.
I can't argue with that. Did you know he also plays for FC Bayern Munich?
Sure, she wrote The Sweet Far Thing, The Diviners, The Diviners and Rebel Angels.
The Sweet Far Thing is speculative fiction and The Diviners is in the genre of fantasy. Do you like fantasy books?
I'm sorry I don't have any other fantasy books in the fantasy genre. Are you interested in any of these?
Yes Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
Yes, Milan Kundera is from the Czech Republic of Poland. He was born in Warsaw.
No problem! Anything else I can help with?
Yes, he is my favorite quarterback on my favorite team, the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
Pep Guardiola and Tom Benson are some of the players. Are you a fan of them?
You're welcome.
Yes, Michelle Wie is a professional golfer born in Hawaii.
Yes, michael Wie is a female golfer. Do you like golf?
Wow, I did not know that. Thanks for all the information.
Yes, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like action movies?
I am not sure who else starred in it, but Mike Starr also starred in The Last Summer (of You and Me).
Sure, it was released in 1990. It is a thriller and was directed by Brian Doyle.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I do. Did you know he starred in Shrek 2?
That's what I think of him now. Do you know of any other movies he's in?
I think he's married to Justin. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you like the movie because its an adventure or because its a Disney movie?
Have you seen the Star Wars Holiday Special?
A Good Day to Die Hard is a good one.
Sure, she wrote The Ship of Brides and also The One Plus One. Have you read either one?
It's a Fiction/ Speculative fiction.
You are welcome. I hope that you enjoy it.
Sure. The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books. The next in the series is The Marvelous Land of Oz.
I have not, but will put on my reading list. You should check it out.
I have read that one. It is a great book.
I'm not a big fan of Rafael Nadal, but I do like Rafael Nadal.
I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer. What about you?
I think Marat Safin is a good tennis player.
You're welcome!
Sure! He wrote some of the most popular books titled : The Return of Sherlock Holmes, The Lost World, and The Valley of Fear.
Great choice. The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was released a long time ago. The next book in the series is The Complete Novels and Stories, Volume I.
Happy to help!
He wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke. Do you like his work?
Have you read Xenocide or Wyrd Sisters? They are both mystery books.
Happy to help!
Yes, it was written by Veronica Roth as well as released in 2012.
I'm not sure but it was released in 2012.
Free Four: Tobias Tells the Divergent Story was released in 2012.
You're welcome. Any time!
I have heard of him he composed Jar of Hearts didn't he?
I like sing. I like all of her songs. Do you like any of them?
I don't think so. Do you know if she acted in movies?
I can, actually! I know it stars Chris Hemsworth and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
He also starred in The Crucible and The Hunt for Red October.
No problem!
Sure. Have you read The Tenth Circle? I highly recommend you checking out.
You may also like The Tenth Circle by Anne Tyler. Have you read that one?
It is Young-adult fiction.
Yes, he is a soccer player and has played for Real Madrid and Fluminense FC.
Yes I do. Who are your favorite sports?
I like the Washington Redskins. What is your favorite team?
I do not like Cleveland, but i know some of the players.
I love the Buffalo Bills, but I'm a fan of theirs. How about you?
I don't know a lot about him, but I know he was coached for the Dallas Cowboys.
He directed Dead Poets Society. Have you seen that one?
Yes he did. It is a great movie that you may like and also stars Stephen Fry.
Yes, she's a good actress. She was in Spring Breakers and Ramona and Beezus.
I am not too familiar with her music. What is your favorite song?
Of course! Number the Stars is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy books?
Sure. Lois Lowry also wrote Anastasia Krupnik and The Giver. The Giver is Young-adult fiction. Can I help you with anything else?
I think it is a great read as well. It was released in 1991.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome
Yes. She wrote Charlotte's Web which has co-authors like Garth Williams and E.B. White.
It was! Rosemary Wells also wrote Charlotte's Web which is a historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
You are welcome!
Sure, Bradly Cooper starred in The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide and The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide.
Some other good ones are Zoolander and Young Frankenstein. Have you seen those?
Sure! Submarine is written by Richard Condon and starred Jim Carrey.
He was in the Star Wars Holiday Special, along with Tom Hanks.
Enjoy!
Sure that was written by Douglas Adams and he wrote Life, the Universe and Everything too.
I think you would enjoy The Restaurant at the End of the Universe, One Story, or The Restaurant at the End of the Universe.
Of course, it was released in 1996. It's a Science Fiction novel that was released in 1979.
That book was written by Adams as well.
Absolutely! I hope you enjoy them!
they are a great kpop band. do you like them?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am more of a Pittsburgh Steelers fan. How about you?
I think they are a pretty good team. Do you like Football?
Yes, and he was also a linebacker.
I'm a huge fan of sports. I like Cricket, Tennis, and Football. What kind of sport do you like?
Well, James Frain who is in it is also in Transit (Crime Fiction Film).
It is a science fiction action movie. Is that what you like?
You are welcome.
L.A. Confidential is a thriller directed by Matt Damon. Do you like thrillers?
L.A. Confidential is a thriller written by Chris Columbus. James Elliot also directed Valkyrie.
You are welcome. Enjoy
Taxi Driver is an excellent thriller starring Tom Hanks and Ryan Reynolds. Do you like thrillers?
Sure, it is a comedy, isn't that the one with Jodie Foster and Anne Hathaway?
Yes, that is a great movie with Denzel Washington. It was released in 1996 and directed by David Fincher.
You are very welcome!
Sure! He directed Unlawful Entry which is a great movie.
Yes that's correct. Did you know he also starred in The Matrix?
You might also enjoy Rebecca and Shooting the Past.
You might enjoy Wag the Dog or The Tao of Pooh. Both are very good movies.
You are welcome.
I haven't watched tennis in a while. I do like Venus Williams. She's a great actress.
No, I did not. What genre is that?
American Gangster also starred Brad Pitt, and its a great movie!
I am not sure about that. Did you know Serena starred in Hair Show with her sister Venus?
Yes, he directed the movie The Illusionist. Were you aware that it's a thriller?
It's a crime fiction.
You may want to check out Without Fail by Dick Hill if you like suspense films.
You're welcome.
Sure! Do you like Young-adult fiction books?
Have you read A Christmas Carol? It is also a book by James Patterson.
It was written by A.A. Milne. I haven't read it yet, I will look into it.
Certainly! Enjoy!
Sure, another book like Silence would be Broken Silence.
It was released in 2004. It's also a film.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! Did you like Pandemonium because it was written by Lauren Oliver or because it is a speculative fiction genre?
You might also enjoy Winter's Tale. It is in the speculative genre.
It was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Would you like to read it?
You're welcome. Enjoy the book!
Yes, I love her music! Did you know that she is friends with Madonna? She was in Who's That Girl?
Yes, it does sound good. It's similar to Madonna's music.
You are correct. They had a good relationship with Madonna. I wonder if she starred in What's Your Number?
Yeah, you should watch it. It's very funny.
I will have to check it out. Thanks for your time!
Sure, that was written by Joel Coen, who also wrote The Big Lebowski which is a classic@
I'm sorry, I don't.
Of course, do you need anything else?
It is written by Henning Koch and released in 2012.
Yes it is in English, do you like that genre?
Henning Koch wrote Britt-Marie var här and The Maggot People.
Sure, he wrote You've Been Warned as well as many others. Would you like to know more about those?
Zoo also has genre Crime Fiction. Are you into crime fiction?
It's written by Agatha Christie and has genre Fiction. Are you looking for something in this genre?
Do you like Forrest Gump because it stars Tom Hanks?
He's done a lot of movies. He was in The Post and The Circle. He was also in The Post.
I believe it directed by Tom Hanks. Would you like to know more of his movies?
You're welcome!
Sure! I love Requiem for a Dream which stars Ellen Burstyn.
It is a drama released in 2015 starring Evan Rachel Wood and Evan Rachel Wood
I am not sure who starred in Requiem of a Dreams but the movie is based on a comedy
Sure, he directed Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that? It stars Robert Duvall.
Sure, some of the actors in that movie are Tye Sheridan and William Faulkner. They were also in The Gods of Mars.
I'm sorry, I don't have the genre information for that movie. Is there anything else you would like to know about the movie?
Sure it was released in 2005 starring Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie Pitt. It is a Fantasy/Comedy/Drama movie you might enjoy.
It is a comedy starring Matt Damon and Josh Brolin.
Well, if you like Date Night, you might also like A Good Day to Die Hard.
You're welcome.
Are you referring to Hayley Atwell who wrote The Pillars of the Earth?
Eddie Redmayne also starred in The Wedding Date too. Have you seen that movie?
It's a romance/drama. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I have not really followed them much as it seems they float around between the AFL and the NFL.
They are ok. Who is your favorite team?
Beatty is a great coach. Did you know he won the Super Bowl XXXVIII?
Yes, Charlize Theron and Tom Hardy star in it. Do you like them?
Yes, she did and it also has a genre of Comedy-drama and is that a genre of movie?
Yes, he is also a musician, actor and television personality.
I'm not sure what it is about, but Nicky Katt starred in Mad Max: Fury Road and he also starred in The Brave One
You're welcome.
E Lockhart wrote We Were Liars, The Disreputable History of Frankie Landaue-Banks, and The City of Ember. Do you have a particular genre in mind?
It was released in 1929.
We Were Liars was released in 2014, the same year as The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks
You're welcome
Do you like it because it is a drama or a crime fiction?
No problem. Are you interested in Young-adult fiction?
Yes, it sure is! Unknown is also a film.
It was definitely a German language movie. Some other great thrillers you might like are The Return of the King and The Diary of a Young Girl.
You got it! Hope you enjoy it.
Yes, he is a great football player form Wales.
It's actually more of a midfielder, would you like to know who he was?
Yes, he was from Wales from the Cardiff region.
Sure, Sia Furler is a singer-songwriter and songwriter.
I haven't heard much of her music but I'm more of a classic rock person. Do you like rock?
I'm sorry, I do not know much about her as well.
Yes, it is written by Anne Frank. Do you like her work?
I have not, but I know it was written by Anthony Hopkins and is considered a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes, I do. Anthony Hopkins starred in The Silence of the Lambs. Do you like his movies?
Emily Griffin is an athlete. Are you a fan of hers?
It was released in 2012 and written in English.
It's a great movie, actually. Did you know Nick Cassavetes was also in it?
You're welcome.
Sure. Kazuo Ishiguro wrote Never let me go.
I'm sorry, I unfortunately do not have any information on that.
Yes, Zoe's Tale is a speculative science fiction.
Your welcome!
He plays for the Poland national football team
He plays the Midfielder
He was born in Warsaw.
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren. what else can i do for you?
Sure! The Selection is a series and the next in the series is called The Siren. The Queen was released in 2011.
Okay, I hope you enjoy it!
You are welcome. Have a great day!
Did you enjoy X-men because it was written by Bryan Singer or because it stars Hugh Jackman?
I also like Action movies like The X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse.
Hugh Jackman and Jennifer Lawrence starred in it. You should check it out!
I think so. Did you know that Pimp My Ride also starred Tom Hanks?
Sure, Gone Girl is a mystery, crime fiction. Do you like those types of books?
Well, Gillian Flynn also wrote "Seeing Redd", which is similar to Gone Girl.
You're welcome!
Have you watched Zathura: A Space Adventure, A Dog of Flanders ? They are adventure movies.
It was written by Orson Scott Card and starred in it. Would you like to know more about it?
It is a Fiction, similar to Zoe's Tale.
It's a historical novel. It was released in 2002.
Malcolm Gladwell also wrote What the dog Saw and Other Adventures.
I'm not sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome.
Sure! Doug Liman directed both Fair Game and Swingers. Do either of those interest you?
It is a drama. Do you like drama?
Another action film by Valerie Plame is White House Down
Ed Harris is the star of Fair Game
He directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, and Amadeus. Would you like to see something he was in?
He also wrote Amadeus, which is a historical fiction.
Yes, will do.
Sure! The Chronicles of Narnia and The Lion, The Witch and the Wardrobe are similar to it.
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader was released in 1951 and is in the English language. It's a fiction novel that was released in 1950.
Sure! The Silver Chair was released in 1953. It is part of the series The Chronicles of Narnia series. Is there anything else you'd like to know?
You're welcome!
He is a cricket player, right?
I am not a big fan of cricket but I do know he's married to Gisele the model.
No, I haven't. Is he a favorite athlete?
I love Adam Levine. Maroon 5 is one of my favorite bands.
I am not sure about him. I do know he starred in The Voice which is a musical comedy genre.
He has starred in movies like Lock, Stock, and Two Smoking Barrels
It was written by James Frey. Do you enjoy speculative fiction?
Sure, he also wrote One More Day, The Big Lebowski and The Alchemist. Are you familiar with them?
You are welcome. It's a great book.
Awesome. Have a good day.
Sure, similar authors to Michael Crichton include Matthew McConaughey and Tim Robbins.
he has written The Making of star wars
it is a fiction book released in 1946
Sure, have a great day!
He is a talented footballer, did you know he plays for FC Bayern Munich?
I like American Football. What about you?
Yes, I like basketball too. Who is your favorite team?
Sure! Ken Kesey wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest
Yes he is! He also wrote "The Looking Glass Wars" and "The Tempest."
I don't have any more information on Sometimes a Great Notion. Do you like those types of books?
Of course! I hope you enjoy it.
Sure, Paulo Coelho wrote The Alchemist and he is also a writer. Would you like to know more about him?
He also wrote The Grapes of Wrath.
It's a fiction.
Great, anything else I can help you with?
Sure, G.O. Tom Brady is a professional footballer who plays as a forward for the New England Patriots.
Ed Harris was also in it. It's a good movie.
Eva Mendes was also in the movie What Maisie Knew
Yes it is a great movie. It starred Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Cruise. Do you like those actors?
Bradley Cooper was the lead in American Sniper. He was also in the movie Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas. Have you seen it?
It is considered a drama and a comedy. It's really funny.
You're most welcome!
Yes. I like him. He starred in The Last Stand and The City of Ember.
Gangs of New York starring Robert De Niro is in the genre of sci-fi.
You might also enjoy The Handmaid's Tale.
You might also enjoy The Notebook by Robert De Niro or The Time Traveler's Wife.
Sure. It was released in 2010. It's a very good movie.
It also stars Matthew McConaughey and Mara Wilson. Do you like these actors?
You're welcome.
Yes, all three of the films, plus the Christmas film Toy Story 2. That's available!
Yes. He starred in That Thing You Do! he also wrote that movie.
Yes, he wrote Larry Crowne, and he also wrote That Thing You Do!
Larry Crowne is a Drama and Romance Film.
I would have to give you a try.
You too!
Yes I do! I highly recommend Kingdom of Heaven.
Yes Liam Neeson also starred in Wreck-It Ralph , which is also in the fantasy genre.
The Lord of the Rings was written by J.R.R Tolkien.
You are welcome, Enjoy!
The Cleveland Browns are fourth in the AFC North division for the 2018 season. I think their owner Randy Lerner would be happier with a better place.
Yes, the same year that the Baltimore Ravens won. They were runner up for Super Bowl XXXII.
My favorite team is the Broncos. They have a good season this year.
I like the Red Sox, they have won a few world series recently but my favorite is their mascot, Wally the Green Monster. Do you like them?
Yes! That is correct. Did you know he was from Monmouth Beach?
Who is your favorite team?
I did not see that one. I will have to check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
He wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, and A Princess of Mars.
Yes, he did. He also wrote The War of the Worlds.
You are very welcome. Please let me know if you need anything else.
Would you like recommendations for movies similar to Divergent?
Similar titles to Divergent are; The Hunger Games, The Giver, and The Long Walk.
You're welcome!
Of course! Do you prefer Fiction or Fantasy?
It starred Robert Downey Jr., Chris Columbus and Al Pacino.
Yeah, she is! Who's your favorite artist?
Okay, I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the info.
I m not sure, but I can tell you she is a singer/songwriter from Miami.
Yes, I do. It was written by the author Jhumpa Lahiri
Yes, and if you like fiction you may also like Zoe's Tale.
I do like thrillers. You may also like Shark Night.
Dr. Seuss wrote The Lorax and The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss. Do you like them?
Theodore Lesieg wrote Theodore and Other Stories.
It was released in 1999
You will like The Polar Express. It is one of my favorites.
Not a problem
I think they are alright. Did you know thier mascot is warpaint?
I like the New Orleans Saints but they aren't my favorite team. Who is yours?
It was written by Kazuo Ishiguro and it is a Science fiction book. Do you like this genre?
He also wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
Yes he did! He's a great actor. He also wrote The Goonies.
Great! I hope that you enjoy them.
My favorite is Gangster Squad.
2012!
Its considered a drama and crime fiction
Your welcome
I've never read Luftslottet som sprängdes, written by Stieg Larsson, and Reg Keeland.
You might find it interesting that Stieg Larsson wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes.
Yes, he wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes, have you read it?
Akira Kurosawa is one of my favorites! He directed Seven Samurai. Do you want to hear more titles?
From what I can tell, he directed Star Wars: Episode II - Attack of the Clones.
To Kill a Mockingbird, The Man Who Knew( Burnt Paper Sky) and The Iron Giant. You might enjoy those.
Anytime, have a nice day.
The Good, the Bad, the Weird is a great one similar to Oldboy.
Confessions is a 2010 film written and directed by Roland Emmerich. what else can i do for you?
Annie Hall is a great comedy film. Anything else i can help you with today?
you are welcome. what else can i do for you?
They're ok . They were coached by Wayne Weaver. Do you like them?
I like the Denver Broncos.
I didn't know that! Who is your favorite player?
Yes, I do. He wrote Dirty Diana, which is one of my favorites.
Yes, Men in Black II is a good movie starring Will Smith, Will Arnett, and Bruce Almighty.
He was also in I Am Legend. Do you like The Wiz?
Yeah, Scream is a horror. Do you like Horror films?
You may enjoy World War Z if you like zombie films. Have you seen this one?
Brad Pitt was also in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Have you seen that one?
I do! My favorite player is Sam Horn. Do you like baseball?
Well, from what I've heard, it was a pretty good team.
No. They're still playing. Are you a fan of the Red Sox?
Sure, he directed Deadpool. Are you interested in movies that he directed?
Sure! Night Watch is a 1998 drama/crime film directed by Roland Emmerich. It is a great movie.
Great, I think you'll enjoy it!
Oh yes, he wrote, and evecutive produced the Sci Fi film, X-Men 2. Have you seen it before?
Yes, you are right. Would you like to know more about Hugh Jackman?
That is a great movie! It was written by Stephen Sommers.
He's theg guy that wrote, The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide: Five Complete Novels and One Story, am I right?
1986 was the year that released The Way of the Gun and The Darkest Whisperer.
I can tell you that Douglas Adams wrote Mostly Harmless and he wrote To Kill a Mockingbird, the first book in a series was released in 1986.
No problem, enjoy!
What a great movie! Are you a fan of Marlon Brando?
Francis Ford Coppola wrote The Godfather, starring Robert Duvall and David Oyelowo.
Marlon Brando is great! He starred in Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that?
Great! I can also recommend The Godfather, starring Marlon Brando.
Yes, he also wrote Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that one?
You might also enjoy The Godfather II, or Apocalypse Now.
They are a strong team in the NFL. Their coach Mike McCarthy is really talented. I wonder if they will make the Super Bowl this year.
Oh i didn't know that. What sport do you like?
Who is your favorite team! I am a fan of Pittsburgh, too.
I don't have a big fan of football but I do know they are coached by Doc Rivers and owned by Steve Tisch. Are you a fan of football?
Got it! I'm a Bears fan myself! How about you?
I like college football. I'm more of a Bears fan.
That movie is a romance movie. Did you know it was directed by Zooey Deschanel?
They both starred in and produced Beautiful Creatures, which also stars Zoey Deutch and Alden Ehrenreich.
Yes, that was a great movie. It was directed by Nicholas Sparks and released in 2007.
Did you know it was made into a movie? The Namesake was released in 2003?
I can tell you that it is part of a series. The next in the series is The Hero, have you read it?
Xenocide is a science fiction novel by American writer Orson Scott Card.
Xenocide is added. Enjoy!
Thomas F. Wilson starred in Zoom. are you into Science Fiction movies?
Thomas F. Wilson starred in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie and The Informant!
Enjoy!
He is a good performer. Do you like him?
His record label is Ultra Music. Do you like that genre?
He started his first album All About Tonight, which is a song of his.
Yes I can. She wrote Pretty Little Liars, which is genre Speculative fiction.
Yes! It was based on a TV series called Pretty Little Liars. It's a comedy/drama. Do you like that genre?
I don't have any suggestions for TV series, but you might like The Mask of Zorro or The Mask.
You're welcome! Have a great day.
I love European Football or soccer as we call it. My favorite player on that team is Brian Kidd. Do you like him?
I am root for American football, but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like football?
I didn't know he won the Bravo award. Do you like his work?
I do like them. Didn't they win the Superbowl for last season?
I think Mike Tomlin is a former coach. He was originally a member of the Pittsburgh Steelers.
I didn't know that! I just knew they were a part of the National Football League.
Yes he wrote The Storm and Thelma & Louise
Sean Penn and Chris Pratt were in it. Do you like him?
You bet! Have a great day.
You're welcome!
She wrote Como agua para chocolate and The Love of Law.
That was also the year that released You Are Not So Smart
Yes she did, and she also wrote Red Dragon as well
You are welcome
The Memory Keeper's daughter original language is English
Sorry, I don't have that information. can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome.
Sure, he wrote Defending Jacob. Are you familiar with that?
It was a movie too. Would you like me to play it for you?
It's a Drama/Fantasy. It's also a movie.
Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors and The Secret Adversary. Do you like science fiction?
It was released in 2004
No problem
The Tragedy of Macbeth is written by Shakespeare.
What You Will is a fantasy book that was released in 1903 and is the second book in the series.
I hope you enjoy it!
He directed The Imitation Game and Headhunters. Have you seen either of those?
The Imitation Game is starring Rory Kinnear and Benedict Cumberbatch
Great, enjoy the movie!
Sure! A Thousand Splendid Suns is written by the same author!
Sure, he has actually written A Thousand Splendid Suns, And The Mountains Echoed.
Great, enjoy it!
I believe he's from Guadalajara. Did you know that she starred in Whiplash?
His most well-known work is X-Men Origins: Wolverine and X-Men: First Class. Have you seen it yet?
It is a romantic drama about a trip she made to Italy after the Napoleonic Wars.
I hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome.
She starred in Wonder Women 2017, also in Solider 1998
Shaun Evans starred in it as well and it's a very good family movie.
Sure! Are you interested in the movie?
He is ok . Did you know he starred in Friends with Benefits?
It's a comedy that also stared Vincent Regan and Shaun White.
I didn't know she was on those shows as well. She was also in Who's the Boss?
Yes, it was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It's a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Do you like the author Harper Lee or the genre fiction?
Then you might enjoy The Manchurian Candidate or The Manchurian Candidate.
You're welcome.
The Last Lecture was released in 2008 a non fiction genre. It shows it was written by two different authors.
That's correct. He did star in the Star Trek series.
You got it! Hope you like it!
Yes, Jonathan Levine directed The Wackness, starring Mary Kate Olsen. It's a romantic comedy
The Wackness has genre Thriller and Drama.
The actors starred in Wackness, Jennifer Lawrence and Oliver Platt.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have you read The Man in the Iron Mask or Rob Roy?
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Not sure. However, you might like The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
I'll have to check it out. Thanks for your time!
I remember he directed a suspense thriller movie in the late 1980s called Frantic. That movies starred Harrison Ford
Would you like to know other movies he wrote?
1867
Writter Suzanne Collins also wrote Gregor the Overlander and Mockinjay.
Jack London wrote To Build a Fire and The Sea Wolf. Did you know that?
Yes, that is correct. Do you like movies with John Lee Hancock?
I'm glad to help.
Sure! The Film, Donnie Darko is a Sci-Fi movie written and directed by Richard Kelly.
He was in the movie The Things They Carried and the Warlords.
Yes James Franco also starred in the comedy Silence of the Lambs.
He was also in Seth Rogen. It is a comedy.
Shadows was released in 2010.
Of course! She wrote Frankenstein. It also goes by the title The Modern Prometheus.
Frankenstein is a sci-fi novel. Do you like those types of books?
It is, released in 1818.
You're welcome!
It is a mystery, do you like those types of books?
There are several, including Brad Pitt, Edward Norton and Edward Norton. Would you like to know more?
You're welcome, I'm happy to help.
Yes. A.W. Wheen wrote Im Westen nichts Neues which was released in 1929.
She is a translator and translated the works of Arc de Triomphe her work is interesting.
You are welcome. Goodbye.
He directed The Siege. Did you know he also wrote The Last Samurai?
Yes, you are right. Denzel Washington starred in The Siege as well.
You got it! Edward Zwick is in Denzel Washington as well. You might enjoy that.
You're right. Snoop Dogg was in Training Day.
You are correct! He was in Volcano High.
You're welcome.
I like their mascot Mr. Met. Do you like them?
Oh ok. That is something that I'd like to watch.
I like baseball too. Who is your favorite team?
Sure! He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
It came out in 2005 and is the same year that The Green Mile was released.
It also stars Stephen J. Dubner and Anthony J. Dubner. Do you like them?
Of course, enjoy!
I know he wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly as well as Once Upon a Time in the West
I think so. Eli Wallach also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
He was also in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. You should check that out as well.
Absolutely. World Without End, Without Remorse, and 50 Minutes in Heaven are some of his good movies.
Yes, you can try The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
No problem, enjoy.
The writter Kurt Vonnegut Jr. wrote Timequake and Welcome to the Monkey House.
The Monkey House has genre Speculative fiction. Would you like to know more about this?
The Mists of Avalon is another speculative fiction book you might enjoy.
He has directed several movies. One would be Terminator Salvation if you like. Have you seen it?
Daniel Radcliffe stars in it. Do you like him?
I believe so. He was also in The Civil War.
Sure! He directed Unlawful Entry and The Vatican Tapes
It came out in 1990 and starred Carmen Argenziano. Do you like her movies?
Great! It also stars Carmen Argenziano and Jason Bateman.
Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier is one of my favorite movie
Underdog is a 2018 science fiction film starring Marc John Jefferies and Zach Galifianakis.
He is starring in The Scorpion King and The Mask. Have you seen them?
They are. Did you know they are owned by Jeffrey Lurie?
They're owner of Philadelphia Eagles, J.K. Rowling. They're one of the best teams in the NFL.
I only watch the AFC East. I really like the New York Giants.
I'm more of a New York Giants fan.
Ara Celi has most notably starred in American Beauty, alongside Peter Gallagher, it's a Drama and is really good!
It also stars Will Ara Celi. Do you like his work?
Yes, it is actually considered a comedy and drama.
I do too, it is starring William Hurt and Ty Burrell.
You might enjoy The Incredible Hulk or The Maze Runner. The Avengers is another science fiction movie you might like.
Yes. It was released in 2010. It's also a great action movie.
You're very welcome! Enjoy.
Roderick Thorp was in that but he was also in Die Hard 2.
Wild Wild West is a action movie you may like.
Did you like the movie because it was a zombie movie or because it was a zombie movie?
Sure, Brad Pitt also starred in Troy and The Tree of Life.
You're welcome! Enjoy.
Yes, he has starred in We Don't Live Here Anymore, The Truman Show, Civic Duty and Beastly. Would you like more information about one of these?
That is correct! She is also the author of We Don't Live Here Anymore.
She has also starred in Funny Games - a thriller movie.
Yes. It stars Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman.
Yes, You will like X-Men Origins: Wolverine, it is in the Thrillers right?
It is a comedy Ryan Reynolds also starred in. You might also like Truman or Girl, Interrupted.
You are welcome, enjoy!
He directed The Incredible Hulk and Now You See Me.
The Transporter stars Jason Statham and Jason Flemyng. Would you like to know more?
He was also in the movie called Lion King. Did you know that?
Good Will Hunting is written by Matt Damon. Do you like dramas?
Vampire Slayer is starring Jason Statham and Rosario Dawson. Would you like me to play it for you?
Yes, it is. Would you like me to add it to your watch list?
I don't have that information at this moment, but I can find it interesting to you that it is a Crime Fiction movie.
No problem, enjoy!
I sure do. gustave he wrote a couple other books like A Man Called It, The Tales of Beedle the Bard. Have you read those?
Sure, it was released in 1856. It is a literary realism.
It was released in 1856. Another great book released in 1856 is The Crucible.
It is considered a Romance Novel. Do you like romance novels?
If you like Literary realism, you may like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
You're welcome.
Collateral stars Tom Cruise .Do you like Thrillers?
Well, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick, and he also directed 2001: A Space Odyssey. Do you like Tom Cruise?
Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder, The Mask of Zorro and The Last Airbender
Auto Racing was released in 1990. It's a very good movie.
You're welcome.
Bruce Willis also starred in Hudson Hawk
He was in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen that?
I heard of A Good Day to Die Hard. Have you heard of it?
ok great movie. Hope you enjoy
I know he was a songwriter and pianist. Do you like him?
Get Me Out of My Mind is a good one.
I don't know much about her as well, but I do know he is married to Gisele Bundchen
Sure, he starred in The Halloween Tree, Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home, and Land of the Lost. Have you seen those?
No, he was not in the Star Trek movies
Siddhartha is a book written by Hilda Rosner and Hermann Hesse. It was released in 1922. Do you like the older books?
My favorite speculative fiction is The Fiery Cross. You might enjoy it.
That book came out in 1922. It's a classic.
You are welcome.
He starred in You Again, Wolfen and Turner and Hooch. Have you seen them?
Yes, both starred Jamie Lee Curtis and Dwayne Johnson, have you seen You Again?
Great, I think you will enjoy it.
Yes, he wrote Life of Pi. Have you read that one?
I'm more of an oldie but I would recommend Witches Abroad.
Yes, she did. Are you a fan of hers?
It is! Do you want me to add it to your favorites?
I have The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories is similar.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Robert Louis Stevenson
You're welcome, there is anything else I can help with?
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is also a good one.
I don't know much about him other than he plays basketball. Are you a fan of him?
Well from what I've heard, he is also a musician and athlete. Are you a fan of basketball?
Not really, I think he's one of the best point guards ever.
Sure, some great books by him that you might like are: Teacher Man, Angela's Ashes: A Memoir, and Tis A Memoir. Would you like to know more?
Are you interested in other books by him, or do you like the author?
You are welcome.
It's one of my favorites! It is a great speculative fiction novel.
A couple of his books that you might like are The Darkest Evening of the Year and Red Dragon. Have you read either of these?
It was published in 1997. It is also a great movie.
You're welcome!
They're pretty good! Their Forward Gareth Bale is great!
Who doesn't like him? I think he is an athlete.
Soccer in the past few years
You may enjoy The Sea Wolf. He wrote that book.
Wuthering Heights and Wolf Brother are two fiction books that are highly recommended.
Million Dollar Baby stars Hilary Swank and Clint Eastwood, do you like these actors?
That's right! Did you know it also starred Tom Wilkinson?
It also starred Vince Vaughn. You should see it.
That is an excellent boxing drama. Did you know Peter Jason also starred in it?
Did you know that Faye Dunaway also starred in it?
Have you heard of A Very Long Engagement with Denis Leary?
It was released in 2009 - almost a decade ago!
Oh yes. That is a good one. She wrote The Casual Vacancy. Have you read it?
He wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard. Have you read that?
You should check it out. Let me know if you need anything else.
There are so many great ones to read like The Silkworm and The Casual Vacancy.
The Divergent Series is a fantasy book that was released in 2007.
You're very welcome.
Andrew Adamson wrote all three Shreks
Shrek 2 was released in 2013 and directed by Andrew Adamson. Do you like him?
I don't really like their mascot Mr. Met. Are you a Mets fan?
I haven't. I heard they're a good team. Do you like them?
I don't know about that, but Labyrinth might be a good one to check out.
Thomas Lennon starred in The Pacifier, The Fault in Our Stars, and Transformers. Do you like any of these?
Yes, it is a TV series starring Thomas Lennon and J.K. Simmons. It is a Comedy/drama movie.
I think she is a great writer, would you like to know some of her works?
Well, Manchester United is the best team in the league right now.
Agreed. Anything else I can help you with?
Certainly! King Kong was written by Iain Canning and starred Toby McGuire. It was released in 2005.
He wrote The Great Dune Trilogy and The Great Gatsby.
I'm sorry I do not have that information
I'm more of a Green Bay Packer fan but John Fox is a pretty good coach of that team. Do you like them?
I can't remember if he played for the New Orleans Saints, or is it a football team?
Yea, he played for the New Orleans Saints in the NFC south. Do you like football?
Great! You should watch The Hunger Games, it's really good.
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
They're in the National League, play at Citi Field, and the mascot is called Mr. Met. Do you like baseball?
I guess it was. The Mets haven't won a World Series since 2003.
I'm more of a baseball fan. Are you?
I don't know much about him other than he plays basketball. Are you a fan?
Yes I like them and he is a good basketball player
No, I haven't. Isn't he married to Ryan Adams?
Of course, Men in Black was written by Stephen King and stars Bradley Cooper.
Do you like Men in Black because it is a mystery or a crime fiction?
Yes, it was very good received as a movie. Did you know that Lowell Cunningham directed it?
You're welcome.
Sure! If you like Batman Begins, you must like Adventure films?
I'm not sure of the follow up but The Dark Knight does have a sequel.
Happy to help
He also wrote The Mad Ship and The Golden Fool.
They both were released in the 1930's.
Sure, he wrote Welcome to the Monkey House and Timequake. You must be a fan of Science Fiction.
It's a drama. Do you like those genres?
One of my favorites is Zoe's Tale, Xenocide, Wizard's First Rule, Wolf Brother
There's American Psycho, Primal Fear and Seven
Miley Cyrus starred in this movie. Do you like him?
Lake of Fire stars George Clooney and Sandra Bullock. It's a good documentary
You're welcome.
E.V. Rieu wrote
E.V. Rieu wrote
He also wrote the Monkey House and The Cat in the Hat.
Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
It's young adult fiction. It was released in 2012
Your welcome.
If you Give a Mouse a Cookie a Cookie is written by Felicia Bond and was released in 1985.
Sorry, I don't have that information. I do know that If You Give a Mouse a Cookie was written by Philip Reeves and James Russo.
Glad I could help!
Well, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick, and he also directed 2001: A Space Odyssey. Do you like him as a director?
To Kill a Mockingbird and The Manchurian Candidate might be a good fit for you.
The first movie in that series is What Lies Beneath.
I am glad I could help. Enjoy the movies!
Charles Duhigg wrote Power of Habit. what else can i do for you?
The Power of Habit is a fiction novel written in 2011.
Absolutely, I have added it now
The Godfather is written by Francis Ford Coppola, who also produced The Apocalypto.
Yes, he is a great player. Did you know he won the 2008 NBA Finals?
Yes he is. He was originally a member of the Celtics.
I think Jerry Reinsdorf has done a great job turning the franchise around.
Chicago Bulls : Team Owned by Jerry Reinsdorf
It sure does, they have a good season this year
You're welcome
Dear John is written by Nicholas Sparks. anything else i can do for you?
Yes, True Believer was a good one. It is a young-adult fiction novel. I really enjoyed it.
I hope you enjoy it.
Hush is a great movie similar to Crescendo
Well it was written by Jane Austen and there is a next in series called Emma you might like.
Sense and Sensibility is another great read.
It is a romance novel that was made into a film.
You're welcome.
Not so bad, heard they sung the song One Step Closer. Do you know it?
Probably. Warner Bros. Records have quite a bit of talent on their roster, like the Red Hot Chili Peppers. I love their music!
Andrew Stanton directed Finding Nemo. Finding Nemo is a family genre. Do you like family movies?
It is a young-adult fiction movie released in 2015. It is about a boy with facial differences attending elementary for the first time.
Yes she does! Ellen DeGeneres also starred in WALL-E.
You are welcome! Enjoy!
I do! He starred in Zambezia. Have you seen it?
Yes, and she star in it too.
I have a lot of good family movies. Would you like to know about any of those?
You're welcome!
Yes, he starred in Jumbo. He is an author and athlete.
His father was a famous bowler. What sport do you like?
That's right. It was written by Simon Beaufoy
Yeah he is a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers.
You're right! Paul Allen is the owner of the Portland Trail Blazers.
I do. Seattle Seahawks is a great team, owned by Paul Allen.
Yes I do! The King's Speech was written by Iain Canning and Gareth Unwin and is a drama. Do you like Drama movies?
Yes, that is correct. He has starred in a TV series, The Lord of the Rings and The Fellowship of the Ring. Have you seen them?
Did you know that John Savage also starred in The Hunger Games?
I like her song La Tortura. Did you hear this song?
Yes, Sia Furler wrote I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings and starred in the movie The Devil Wears Prada.
She has a wonderful voice. Did you know she was born in Arcadia?
They are a pretty good team, I think Khalil Mack is an awesome linebacker!
Oh, I see. I'm a big fan of the Bears, but I haven't had a chance to get to the Cowboys this year. What sports do you like?
That's great! How are the commercials doing this year?
Isn't he a basketball player. Who does he play for?
He plays point guard.
I believe he did. He also won the Bravo Award.
Do you like drama? I would suggest The Pillars of the Earth.
Yes, I would recommend The Pillars of the Earth if you like thrillers.
Well, she starred in The Pillars of the Earth and Time Bandits.
You're welcome. Enjoy the movies.
Yes, that is a great movie written by John Logan.
I recommend a movie of hers called Light Fantastic, have you seen it?
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional American football franchise based in Tampa, Florida. The Buccaneers currently compete in the National Football League as a member team of the National Football League.
I do, Lovie Smith also coached the Denver Broncos.
I enjoy watching the Seahawks play, but I also like watching Vince Young.
Well it was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like that genre? She also wrote The Chronicles of Narnia which is a good one.
I would recommend The Silkworm. It is also in the fantasy genre.
It's a good one! I'm glad I could help!
Great, I think I will enjoy them!
Sure! Woody Allen wrote Annie Hall which is a romantic comedy. Have you seen it yet?
It stars Ralph Fiennes and Rupert Everett. It's a romance novel. Do you like those genres?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure! Do you like Spirited Away because it's a drama?
You might also enjoy the Scream of the Banshee if you haven't seen it already.
Oh my gosh, I definitely will. You might enjoy Your Highness or You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger.
You're welcome!
He wrote The Virgin Suicides and The Picture of Dorian Gray. Have you read either of those?
It is a Fiction Novel that was published in 1993.
It was released in 1993. It is a fiction book about life.
You're welcome
Sure, I bet you do. I like it because it was written by Judd apatow and also it is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Seth Rogen starred in It's Kind of a Funny Story and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen those?
Yes, Mindy Kaling has a great cast, what is your favorite Mindy Kaling movie?
You're very welcome!
He wrote The Virgin Suicides, The Return of the King, and The Lord of the Rings. Have you read any of those?
Yes. Miranda Richardson was also in Gideon's Daughter.
Yes, its a fantasy drama. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Of course, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I do. I think she is very talented. Wasn't she on the New York Times Best Seller list?
I like Hello, but I also like Ed Sheran and Shakira, also sings them
It certainly is, and I like the song Love Story
Inception' was directed by Christopher Nolan. He also directed the Dark Knight.
He directed The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
The Prestige is starring Michael Caine and Margot Robbie.
The Prestige is also considered a Sci-Fi film.
I believe it is a drama film.
Enjoy the film!
Dani Alves is a member of the Brazil National Football team. Are you a fan?
Wow, that's interesting. Did you know Dani Alves won the Bravo Award?
They're currently in 2nd place with the NFC West, but they are 4 games behind the 1st place Rams. It's not looking too good for them to win their division.
Yeah, they are having a good season. They're having a good season. They're having a good season.
Oh, I didn't know that! That's what he's doing.
Do you like the speculative fiction genre or do you like that genre?
It is a fiction novel that was published in 1850. Would you like other recommendations by Charles Dickens?
I don't have any other information on that one. But A Tale of Two Cities was written by Charles Dickens.
He also wrote A Christmas Carol, the year that released The Old Curiosity Shop and The Man in the High Castle.
I don't really know much about working class but I think I'd recommend the book A Tale of Two Cities. Does that interest you?
You're welcome.
Kierra Cass wrote The Siren. what else can i do for you?
Sure, she also wrote The Siren. It's considered a classic.
It's a young-adult fiction and was released in 2011.
You're welcome.
Do you like because Tom Cruise is in it or because it is a Action/ Adventure movie?
Yes, they are action packed as well. You should check it out.
Romance. You might enjoy The Last Samurai.
No problem, I hope you enjoy it!
Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell. He also wrote Animal Farm.
Animal Farm is a Historical novel. It was released in 1949. Does that interest you?
You're welcome!
He wrote Relato de un naufrago, and Memoria de mis putas tristes.
Ralph Steadman wrote a lot of different genres. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
It was actually written by Ralph Steathing. Would you like to know more about his books?
He also wrote Gonzo the Art and The Joke's Over.
I'm glad to help.
Adam Brown has starred in The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug and the other Hobbit films.
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome, have a great day!
Bradley Cooper starred in The Words, a mystery thriller. Have you seen it?
The Woods is a sci-fi thriller and was released in 1997.
It is a sequel to The Words and was released in 2010.
Do you like the author J.R.R Tolkien? He also wrote wrote Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth
Grownups has genre Young-adult fiction. what else can i do for you?
no i dont. what else can i do for you?
you are welcome
The Tell Tale Heart, The Black Cat and Hop Frog are some of his works. Are you interested in poems?
It was released in 1843.
You're welcome
I know Cesc Fabregas play for the Spain national football team.
I haven't heard of them either. Are they good?
Not really. I am not sure if that is where the team is located.
Aladdin was released in 2000 and is a Romance/Comedy. Are you a fan of his work?
Aladdin was released in 1990 and stars Thomas Lennon
You might enjoy The Witching Hour. It is on Netflix.
Neil Jordan directed The Good Thief starring Said Taghmaoui, it is a Thriller and I highly recommend it.
I am not sure, but I can tell you that Robert Downey Jr. also starred in The Good Thief.
I am not certain about that as well, but I can tell you The End of the Affair is a War film.
Glad I could help!
Quentin Tarantino has directed Pulp Fiction, Kill Bill and more. Have you seen them?
Yes he was, along with Bill Murray. Do you like his music?
He also wrote House o 1000 Corpses.
No problem! Enjoy!
Downfalls in the genre of War. Do you like War films?
Downfall is a Sci-fi/Action movie, do you like those genres?
It is a Fantasy movie. Do you like Fantasy?
Your welcome.
The singer that dated Jordin Sparks?
Oh yes. I like her too. Who's your favorite artist?
Oh wow! That's a pretty old song. Wasn't Shinji Armaki in it?
Yes, it written by Cassandra Clare and released 2014. Have you read it?
Yes, she also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Sum of All Fears
Yes, The Mortal Instruments is series
You're welcome
By David Sedaris? I love that book. Have you read it?
Yes, it's actually actually a comedy. What genres do you like to read?
Oh, no problem. Glad to help!
Fred Willard starred in Youth in Revolt and Roxanne, both Romantic comedies. Do you like that genre?
It is a drama/fantasy film
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy the movie.
Great, have a good day!
You're welcome!
That was a dramatic drama starring Ato Essandoh. It was produced by Graham King, Is that what you like?
Did you know that Djimon Hounsou starred in Unlawful Entry?
I'm not sure, but The Lord of War was released in 2004
Sure! She's a great actress. She starred in City of Bones and RoboCop 3. Have you seen either of those?
RoboCop 3. He also starred in The Hunger Games. Do you like Crime movies?
Yes he did and he also starred in Wrath of the Titans
Sure! That stars Meryl Streep and Anne Hathaway. Are you a fan of romance films?
She was also in Chasing Harry Winston. Have you seen it?
Yes she was, along with Anne Hathaway.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was released in 2001.
Boomerang and Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was also released in 1997.
Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Small Steps. They are both childrens literature. Do you enjoy that genre?
Then you might enjoy Wolf Brother or Wyrd Sisters. Both are classic Fiction.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Dan Gilroy wrote Angels & Demons and also The Da Vinci Code. Both were best-sellers.
The Bourne Legacy starred Matt Damon and was released in 2013. Does that interest you?
Yes, you might enjoy The Bourne Identity. Starring Tom Hanks is a good one.
Hayao Miyazaki directed Ponyo and Cassablanca.
It would be considered a thriller and drama, do you like either of those?
Miguel Artela had a starring role in that film. You should check it out.
Yes, this movie is a drama and a mystery, I think you would enjoy it.
Sure, he wrote There Will be Blood and The Master. He's been involved in a lot of different movies. Would you like to know more about those?
There are two of the main stars in that movie.
You're very welcome!
Sure! Paula Hawkins wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read either of these?
The Girl on the Train is a Drama written by Paula Hawkins and co-written by Paula Hawkins
You're welcome and enjoy!
She also wrote, The Reunion, and Angels & Demons to name a few. Have a great day!
Sure, I recommend To Kill a Mockingbird, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Manchurian Candidate for both Drama and Fantasy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I haven't read it but I heard it is a great book.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, it is. Anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome.
Sure, he wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Pinn was influenced by Vladimir Naokov. Vladimir Naokov wrote The Tragedie of Antony and Cleopatra.
Yes, he did
Its genre is fiction
No problem
Memoirs of a Geisha was written by Arthur Golden. It has genres drama, comedy, and adventure. Does that interest you?
The novel is a series of books and the next series is A Song of Ice and Fire
He wrote Memoirs of a Geisha, have you read it?
You are welcome.
He is ok but I think his Spouse Hayden Panettiere is great
Yes, it is!
Not really, but I've heard they're very good. Are you a fan of their music?
That's true. Were you aware that he starred in The Sorcerer's Apprentice?
Green Eggs and Ham was written by Doctor Seuss. It is actually a children's book that was released in 1960.
There are so many great books to choose from! But a few to mention are When the Wind Blows and The Cat in the Hat.
That's true. Have you heard of There's a Wocket in My Pocket? Heard of that one?
If you enjoy Kung Fu Panda, you might also like Monsters Vs. Aliens.
He's been in a lot of movies. But if you like Kung Fu Panda, you might like Snow White and the Huntsman.
That's correct. Emma Stone also starred in Days of Blood & Starlight.
No problem!
Yes E.B. White wrote The Elements of Style and Stuart Little. Have you read them?
I recommend The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. It is also a drama. Do you like that genre?
Ben Stiller is the star of Cheaper. Do you like him?
It was released in 2004. Do you want me to play it for you?
You are correct! And you might also like You Got Served, which is also a Musical Comedy.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
The Terminator stars Matt Damon and was written by James Cameron. Do you like his work?
Yes, that is correct. If you like Winfield, you might also enjoy Avatar and The Women of Brewster Place.
I don't know. Can you tell me more about Paul Winfield?
Sure, I will add that as well.
Natascha McElhone is a British actess, best known for her roles in Ronin, The Truman Show and Solaris
The Truman Show was released in 2004. It also stars Jim Carey and Paul Giamatti.
Deception Point was written by Dan Brown. It is a thriller and was released in 2002.
It's considered a thriller and suspense. Do you like these genres?
He wrote the Where the Wild Things Are and The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss. Have you read either of those?
Little Bear is a Speculative fiction, do you like that genre?
You might also like We're the Millers and Lady on the River, have you seen these?
Enjoy!
You're right!
He directed the science fiction film Eraserhead.
Inland Empire is a war movie
Idiocracy is a zombie movie. Do you like zombie movies?
It was released in 2016. It is a thriller/ science fiction movie.
Of course, I hope you enjoy it!
You got it!
Gone with the Wind has a genre of Adventure? Is that what you are looking for?
How about Affair? It's a war movie.
I am not sure who else stars in it, but I know that it was also a Romance film.
No problem. Anything else you would like to know?
Sure, Ellen starred in The Stone Angel and The Wicker Man. Have you seen them?
Is he the hispanic Tennis player I've been hearing of lately?
Yes, I do. I know Serena has a lot more female players like Venus and her sister Serena. She was in the London Olympics.
Yes, he also played for the New England Patriots.
Go Set a Watchman is a similar book you might like.
To Kill a Mockingbird is in the Drama genre, and was released in 2010. I recommend it for you.
I'm glad I could help.
I love her music. My favorite is I'm Not Dead by Pink. What is yours?
Yes, I like her music. Did you know she starred in the movie Cowboys & Aliens?
Wow, I didn't know that. That's a funny fact. Did you know she's from California?
He starred in the show O.C
That's correct. Did you know Sandra Bullock also starred in The O.C.?
If you like Peter Gallagher in The O.C., you might also like Twenty-One Balloons.
You're welcome!
You might enjoy Alice's Adventures in Wonderland or The Portable Atheist.
The Portable Atheist and Alice Adventures in Wonderland has the genre of Fantasy
The Portable Atheist and Alice's Adventures in Wonderland has genre Young-adult fiction
Happy reading!
Yes, he plays Midfielder and Forward. Do you like football?
I'm not much of a soccer fan. I do know that Radamel Falcao plays the forward position. Are you a football fan?
Yes, he was. He was a midfielder as well.
I like her sister Serena better. Do you like tennis?
Brett Ratner is an awesome actor. I like him and TV. Did you see the movie Hair Show?
I'm not sure about that, but Shark Night is another thriller.
Sure! Did you enjoy it because it's written by Jeannette Walls or because it is a memoir?
That's a non-fiction book that was released in 2006. Would you like to know more about this?
Do you like her genre? She wrote The Lovely Bones and The Almost Moon.
It is. Would you like to know some fiction novels?
That is an excellent book. It is actually part of a series. The next in the series is Beautiful Creatures
Yes, Jack London wrote that one.
You are welcome.
She is a great tennis player. Did you know she was born in Mumbai?
You have watched a match from time to time. You should watch it.
Glad I could help. Did you know he is also a tennis player?
Yes, he was. He was good at the 2012 Olympics.
That was a great movie, do you like it because it is a Fantasy?
You might also enjoy The Young Sherlock Holmes or The Silkworm.
In that movie, Simon McBurney, Sam Elliott and Nicole Kidman star in that movie.
She sure is! I hope you enjoy it!
It starred J.K. Simmons and Melissa Benoist. JK won an Oscar for his role.
Yes Wade Williams also starred in That Thing You Do!
Yes, he did, along with Joseph Gordon-Levitt
Breakfast of Champions is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Do you enjoy that author ?
You should check it out. It's a speculative fiction.
Yes, it's a great book. Do you like Speculative fiction?
He directed Spider-Man 2 and Monsters Inc.
Yes. John Sayles wrote it and he also wrote Zombieland
It's considered a Romance and Drama. Do you like those genres?
Phil Mickelson is pretty cool her won the 2010 PGA Masters Tournament. Are you a fan?
I think he is a great golfer, did you know he also had a relationship with Mickelson?
I think it is pretty good. Isn't he on that show as well?
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works
Yes, he did. He was also in The Wedding Date. It is a romantic comedy. Do you like comedies?
I would have to check out one of his movies. What genre are you interested in?
Yes, he wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement, and Who Moved My Cheese? Have you read either of those?
Yes, it's considered self-help, non-fiction, and non-fiction.
That's correct. Did you know Spencer Johnson also wrote The World According to Garp?
I do! He starred in Nowhere Boy and Fifty Shades of Grey.
Nowhere Boy starred Fifty Shades of Grey, and Judy Greer.
Nowhere Boy is a Thriller, Nowhere Boy is a Thriller. Anything else I can help you with?
Of course, did you like this book because of the author, Hunter S Thomson?
Hunter S Thompson wrote Red Dragon, which is an action film. Red Dragon was also a good one. Have you seen it?
I believe it was a political Thriller.
Yes she wrote The Virgin Blue, The last Runaway and the Lady and the Unicorn. Have you read these?
I believe it was written in 1997 by Tracy Chevalier and was released in 1997.
I don't know if it was, but With a Pearl Earring was directed by Tracy Chevalier and was released in 1996. Would you like me to send it to you?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he directed both The Mist and The Green Mile. Are you a fan of Stephen King films?
The Mist was directed by Peter Hyams. He also directed Girl with a Pearl Earring.
Will have to check that out, is it a classic?
OK, Woody Allen wrote Annie Hall. I think you will enjoy it!
Yes, Dan Gilroy wrote Angels & Demons and also The Virgin Suicides.
Matt Damon directed the movie.
It has genre Romance
Zero Dark Thirty
have you watch Jurassic park?
anything else
Sure! Do you like poetry because it's written by Colleen McCullough?
Shel Silverstein also wrote Where the Sidewalk Ends and Summer of the Night.
You can try The Giving Tree by Shel Silverstein or The Missing Piece.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know that he is a country singer who composed Country Man. You like country?
I like her song Someone Else Calling You Baby. Did you know she is a regular on the show?
Yes, I do , I like her song Hot n Cold.
She wrote Seabiscuit. It is a story about a race horse. Do you like horses?
It was released in 1999 and is a drama/fantasy book.
You are welcome!
Sure, Oliver Stone directed The Doors. The Doors is written by Randall Jahnson
The Doors stars many big actors, including Chris Evans, Liam Neeson, J.K. Simmons, and Miley Cyrus.
Yes, The Doors is a 1998 American musical comedy starring Vincent Pastore and Michael Madsen.
You're welcome!
Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Wise Man's Fear and The Name of the Wind.
William Shakespeare wrote a great book.
Cool, enjoy the book!
Would you like recommendations for other books by Veronica Roth?
Great, I would recommend The Hunger Games and The Giver. Would you like to read those books?
Yes, he plays soccer for Manchester United F.C. and he plays the forward position
Yes, Wayne Rooney also plays soccer
I know that he plays mixed martial arts and Brazilian jiu-jitsu.
Yes I do. The team is coached by Mike Zimmer and Leslie Frazier did you know that?
Not really, I like the Bears. How about you?
Thanks for the info! Have you been to any of the games?
Could you recommend a movie by John Grisham?
Anna Kendrick also starred in White Oleander which is a romantic comedy. Would that interest you?
That is an excellent movie. You might like The Negotiator or The Last Five Years.
I'd say check out White Oleander. It's a Romantic Comedy if you like that genre.
I recommend Zoolander or You've Got Mail.
You are welcome.
Yes. He wrote The Phantom Tollbooth.
I think Suresh Raina is an athlete. Isn't he on the cricket team in India? I guess he's know for his Right-arm Off Spin.
I don't know much about it, but I like American Football, you should watch it. I know a lot about it.
Yes, he is, and he is also a musician. I didn't know he was born in Los Angeles.
He wrote Uglies and Touching Darkness.
It is a fiction book that was released in 1987
My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories was also released that year.
You are very welcome, please enjoy
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Spain national football team.
I think I remember him playing for FC Bayern Munich. Do you like soccer?
He did indeed! He's a great coach as well!
Yes he did a great job for the team.
Joseph Heller wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Have you read that?
He is a war novelist, writer and politician who wrote a lot of war novels.
Yes, Fifty Shades Freed was written by E.L. James and is a romance novel. Do you like this genre?
If you like speculative fiction then you'll like The Alpha Master. Have you read that?
Bared to You is the next book in the series. Anything else you would like to know?
It was released in 2012
You are very welcome, please enjoy
He is the author of The Castle and Amerika. Are you a fan of fiction novels like those?
It is a fiction novel, similar to Death in the Clouds.
It is a fiction novel, similar to Death in the Clouds.
This book was written by Laura Hillenbrand and is a film adaptation , what do you like about this movie?
She also wrote Sea biscuit. They are both great reads.
You're welcome!
He is a pretty good basketball player. Are you a fan of him?
Yes. It was written by Randall Wallace it's a great movie
I am not sure if he did direct it. Any other questions
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly as well
Is there anything else I can help you with?
He wrote The Secret Garden and The Little Friend. Have you read either of these?
It was released in 1974.
Its a fiction/fantasy novel. Do you like those types of books?
No problem, enjoy!
Washington Redskins sucks. did you know Dwight Schar owned this team
Yes, that's right. John Fox is a great coach.
If you like him, he might be still playing for the Broncos.
Sure! Have you read Girl with a Pearl Earring written by Joseph Heller?
Yes, it is a sci-fi novel . Do you like those types of books?
I think it was written by Stephen King. Do you like him?
Tropic Thunder has a genre of Historical period drama. Is that what you are looking for?
The Cable Guy is a Cable guy! It stars Tom Cruise, Eddie Redmayne, and Jack Black.
Comedy-dramas is also a good movie.
Yes, Diana Gabaldon wrote My Own Heart's Blood.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
Enjoy your reading!
He directed an action film called Cutthroat Island and a thriller called The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Will Smith starred in Cutthroat Island
It was released in 1995
Enjoy
I'm not a huge fan of the Bears, but I do know they are owned by a woman Virginia McCaskey.
I think they did better than they were coached by Virginia Halas McCaskey. They had a good season.
Yes, I am a fan of the Bears. They have a lot of good players like the Redskins and Patriots.
Sure! Doug Liman directed both Fair Game and Swingers. Have you seen those?
I don't think so, but John Liman also produced it. It's a great movie.
I don't have that information. Do you want me to add it to your playlist?
I don't know who starred in Fair Game but I do know that Dwayne Johnson starred in it.
I do not I'm sorry. He's a great actor who starred in many movies.
Yes, he is an American professional basketball player for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association.
She stars in Good Deeds and Bring It On. So you like basketball?
Yes it was. Have you seen it?
Yes I do, it was a great movie. Are you a fan of Sci-Fi movies?
It also starred Zoey Deutch. Would you like to know more about it?
If you like sci-fi, you might also like X-Men: First Class.
You're welcome. Enjoy.
Yes he directed 300: Rise of an Empire, Teddy Bear Chase, Smart People, The Affair, and Art Heist. Have you seen any of those?
300: Rise of an Empire stars Sullivan Stapleton and Peter Mensah.
I believe it was released in 1999.
You might also enjoy the movie X-Men Origins: Wolverine and the X-Men series.
I believe so. Eva Green also starred in the movie Lord of the Rings.
Eva Green was born in Rochester, New York City and she also starred in the movie Aliens.
You're welcome.
I fairly confident that they are the best teams in the American League in my opinion. Aren't they in the Dodgers?
If you like basketball, you should check out the basketball movie Space Jam. It's hilarious!
That's great, I had no idea. What sport do they play at?
Sure, Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
That was written by Robert Louis Stevenson and Mervyn Peake and Mervyn Peake.
The version of The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was released in 2008, would you like to watch that?
I could not find any other books written by Robert Louis Stevenson, but I can suggest some movies you might like.
Great! I'll add that to your list.
Sure, Peace Like a River, Oryx and Crake, and A Lesson Before Dying are similar books.
Will Smith, Sword of Shannara, and Omar Sy are starring in that movie.
She wrote Their Eyes Were Watching God and The White Princess.
I believe he is a football player, but I don't know much about him.
Yes, he's from Liverpool and plays for Everton FC. Do you like him?
I would say I am more of a fan of the sport.
I actually don't know much about football either. I heard he is good.
Patrick Suskind is an author who wrote Ds Parfum, a romance novel and a screen writer.
Sure! The Grapes of Wrath is a novel written by John Steinbeck, who also wrote The Pearl of the World.
Tropic of Cancer has genre Romance and Historical Fiction. Do you like these genres?
OK, would you like to know more about the novel?
I think it was released in 1996.
It was written by Ann Patchett, who also wrote The Grapes of Wrath.
You are welcome. Happy reading!
Do you like the movie because it was written by Martin McDonagh or because it starred Ralph Fiennes?
Yes, it does. Tom Waits also starred in Seven Psychopaths.
She was also in Seven Psychopaths, which is a good movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like O Brother, Where Art Thou because it starred Tom Hanks?
She was also in Thirteen with Josh Brolin.
She also starred in Mad Max: Fury Road as a writer.
You're welcome!
It was written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010.
It was written by Orson Scott Card and released in 2010.
It is a genre Science Fiction
He also wrote The Good Dinosaur which was a classic.
It is written by Henning Koch and released in 2012.
2012 was a great year for books. Also released that year, Spider Man and Spider Man. Do you like thrillers?
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
To Kill a Mockingbird is a action/adventure film, I'd recommend it.
Yes, The Golden Compass was released in 2003 and is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci fi movies?
Interstellar starred Chris Hemsworth and Molly C. Quinn. Do you like them?
You're welcome
It is written by Suzanne Collins and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like this genre?
He directed the comedy American Pie as well as The Golden Compass.
I am not sure but I know Chris Weitz wrote The Golden Lily. Are you familiar with him?
She also starred in Funny Games, have you seen it?
No problem, have a good day.
Not really, I think he's a very good tennis player.
No, I haven't! What sports do you like to watch?
What is your favorite sport?
Absolutely! Melina Karakosta wrote Le Petit Prince.
He did. Le Petit Prince was co-written by Richard Howard.
I do not have that information, is there anything else I can help you with?
Did you like X-Men: The Last Stand because it starred Hugh Jackman, or because it was sci-fi?
The Last Stand has a genre of War, Crime Fiction and Action Film. Do you like those genres?
Logan is a superhero movie and has a genre of War and Action film.
Right away! Enjoy!
Yes! he is a great writer who wrote the Pixar film Up. Have you seen it?
Yeah, he wrote a lot of good movies like Where'd You Go, Bernadette, and The Warriors way. Do you like any of them?
I like drama films, I think you might like The Manchurian Candidate or The Manchurian Candidate. Do those sound good?
You are welcome, I hope you enjoy them!
Yes. Peter Bart wrote The Godfather
Godfather was written by Marlon Brando and is a popular novel.
The Godfather was released in 1999 and starred Marlon Brando in it.
Green Mile was written by Frank Darabont who also wrote The Shawshank Redemption. Have you read that one?
Stephen King also wrote The Shawshank Redemption, have you read that?
There is a film adaptation of The Dead Zone. It was directed by Frank Darabont.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
She wrote one book called The Orphan Train which was released in 2013. Are you a fan of her work?
She also wrote Bird in Hand, and A Piece of the World.
Not that I know of.
I Am Legend starred Will Smith and Emma Thompson. It is a sci-fi film.
He was also in The Pursuit of Happyness. Have you seen that movie?
He's been in a lot of actions movies. He was also in I, Robot with Will Smith. Are you a fan of Will Smith?
Yes, I am a Timothy Dalton fan, he's in this.
Dead Poets Society is a great movie that also is a Fantasy, action and adventure film.
Yes it is! You may also like War of the Worlds.
Yes, he is a lyricist
I like him as well, he is my favorite singer of all time. Who is yours?
I haven't seen it, but I've heard a lot of good music. What is your favorite song of him?
To Kill a Mockingbird was written in 1960.
Yes, it was written by Elizabeth George Speare
I do, actually! It was written by Claude-Michel Schönberg and Alain Boublil. It was released in 1862.
I can recommend a musical theater movie, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and The Book of Mormon.
Perhaps you would like Leonardo DiCaprio, which also stars Robert Duvall and is a classic.
Yes, it was written by Quentin Tarantino and stars Tom Hanks.
Yes, it was directed by Martin McDonagh
Yes, she was also in Marvin's Room
It also starred Charlize Theron
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
It was a great movie, actually. It was released in 2017 and has a genre of Fantasy, Fiction and Drama. Do you like either of those genres?
Cold Mountain starred Charlize Theron and Josh Brolin. It was a war film. Do you like his movies?
I did, I like Renee Zellweger in Shark Tale and Monsters vs. Aliens.
Cold Mountain was written by Richard Condon. I'm suggesting you do.
J.K. Simmons is an American professional basketball player who plays singles. You like basketball?
He has starred in many thriller films, including The Assassination of J.K. Simmons.
It also stars Morgan Freeman, Eddie Redmayne, and Gwyneth Paltrow. Do you like any of them?
Ronan Bennett was one of the starring actors in Public Enemies. Do you like his work?
Oh, I love him too. He was in The Rum Diary and L.A. Without a Map. Have you seen those?
I can't remember if he was in the movie The Rum Diary. Yes, he was pretty good.
Oh, yea! I haven't seen this one yet, but will check it out soon.
The movie stars Harrison Ford and Sela Ward. Are you a fan?
I am not sure, but Daniel Roebuck starred in The Fugitive.
You should check it out
I recommend The Chronicles of Riddick and The Fugitive.
Yes, he was, along with Harrison Ford. The Fugitive was directed by Richard Condon.
You're welcome.
J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Ban
Yes, Peter Pan also wrote When We Were Very Young, which is a Speculative fiction.
It's children's literature, fiction, and children's literature.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The same Karim Benzema of Real Madrid C.F.? I don't really know him
I think he plays for Manchester United F.C.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Gary Scott Thompson and stars Paul Walker. Are you interested in this film?
I also recommend The Chronicles of Riddick. It's action movies.
I will have to check it out. Thanks for your time.
Yes, Joh Favreau wrote Made, starring Faizon Love, and Jonathan Silverman
Yes Jonathan Silverman also starred in Faizon Love which was a comedy. Do you like comedies?
That is a great movie, would you like me to watch that?
Yes that is correct! The Old Broads also stars Kenneth Mars, Paul Mazursky and Jed Brophy.
Yes you are correct! Along with Deddie Reynolds, I highly recommend that movie.
The Gazebo I would recommend is You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger
Sure. Ted and Ted 2 were some of his best directing jobs.
Sure. It stars Brad Pitt, Seth MacFarlane and it's a comedy.
Yes, he also wrote Monsters University, which is a Comedy.
Skyfall is a sci-fi thriller. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Yes. He also starred in The Good Dinosaur and The Good Doctor.
Quantum of Solace was produced by Roland Emmerich.
It is a Romance and Fantasy genre.
I think I will watch Adventure. It is an excellent movie.
You're very welcome!
Yes, it is written by Charlaine Harris and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Oh yes. She also wrote Wicked Lovely which is a mystery and was written by Janet Evanovich.
Sorry, I don't have any other information on him. Something else I can help with?
No problem, enjoy!
Sure, he directed the movie Three Kings. Are you a fan of adventure films?
It is a Thriller, and was released in 1999.
Yes she was. You should check it out.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes. Did you know that John Green wrote that book?
I think he was well known for The Fault in Our Stars. Have you heard of that one?
It was released in 2008 - almost a decade ago! It's a classic!
Max Brooks wrote World War Z, are you a fan of adventure books?
2013 was the year that released The Zombie Survival Guide: Complete Protection from the Living Dead
Absolutely! Hope you enjoy it!
Enjoy your book!
Sure! He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, Woman in Gold, and Turbo. The Proposal was a great movie too.
Awesome! You should watch it also.
You got it! I haven't watched them either. They are very good.
Sure, ufus Beck wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban and the genre Young-adult fiction
The Fellowship of the Ring has adventure, such as The Phantom of the Rings and The Hobbit.
You might also enjoy The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars.
Yes, it was. Michael Endes wrote the book and also fantasy genres. Do you like these genres?
Great action movie starring Tom Cruise. Do you like because Tom Cruise is in it or because is an action movie?
Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder with Matthew McConaughey.
No problem, have a great day.
No problem!
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I think he's best friends whith Cameron Diaz from Shrek. Do you like her?
Yes, he wrote that and starred Ella Enchanted too.
I do, I like dramas. Have you seen It? It was directed by Holden Scott.
I did, it was written by Robert Wade and Ian Fleming great writers.
If you like Thunderball, you should check out The Hunger Games. It is also a Superhero thriller film.
Yes, it is a comedy/crime film, do you like those types of movies?
I know he is a soccer player on the Mexico national football team
Yea, I believe he is a midfielder as well.
You are welcome!
Alan R. Clarke wrote o Alquimista.
I don't have that information but Diario de um Mago was released in 1988.
No. Onze minutos was released in 1867. It's a classic.
He starred in movies like Turbulence, The Shawshank Redemption, The Mist and The Green Mile. Have you heard of these movies?
Yes, he did! She also starred in You've Got Mail.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is an athlete from Greifswald and plays for the Germany national football team.
I know they are a football team that is about it. Are you a fan of them?
I like to watch basketball basketball. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys though. How about you?
I like the Redskins, who are my favorite team! Who is yours?
The invention of wings is a book and movie written by Christopher Nolan. He also wrote The Winter Soldier.
The Last Samurai has a genre of Historical period drama and crime fiction. Are you interested in these genres?
I don't think so, but I do know that Tom Cruise starred in The Pink Panther. Would you like to know more about that movie?
Andy Garcia was also in a movie called No Country for Old Men, which also starred Tom Cruise.
Oh yes, Andy Garcia was in The Other Guys and Your Highness.
Glad I could help. Enjoy the movie!
They are a great team in the National Football League. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys though. How about you?
I haven't seen it, but I've heard it's hilarious. Did Ned Beatty star in it?
Yes, that was a great movie! Jerry Maguire was also in Jerry Maguire, which is a comedy.
I'm also into adventure/comedy genre. I think you will enjoy that one too.
He directed the War Film, Battleship. Have you seen it?
It is a fantasy adventure film and a bit of Western. Do you like fantasy movies?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Wonder was written by RJ Palacio. Are you familiar with this author?
Yes, he also wrote The Ice Harvest and The Hunted. Do you like the author?
Yes. It was also released in 2014. Have you read it?
I am not sure. What else can I do for you?
You are welcome. Glad i could help.
I liked him in the movie The Muppets! Have you seen it?
I am not sure, but Bill Murray starred in Wild Things. He also starred in Zombieland
She is a writer who wrote The Scarlet Letter. Have you read it?
She wrote The Lions of Al-Rassan and The Glass Lake.
It has a genre Romance.
It was written in 1850.
Young adult genre has examples: The Fault in Our Stars, The Forest House, and How to Train Your Dragon.
I know that it was written by Jane Austen and released in 1817.
Persuasion has genre Thriller and was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to read the book?
If you enjoyed Jane Austen, you might also enjoy Persuasion.
You are most welcome.
Yes, a couple of my favorites are The Fault in Our Stars and The Horse Whisperer.
Tower Heist has a genre of fantasy and comedy. Do you like those genres?
Tower Heist was a comedy. Do you like comedies?
I don't have any information about Tower Heist. Anything else I can help you with?
She wrote оскресение and оскресение. Have you heard of them?
Yes, a few of her books are in English, like Tolstoy's War, and Russian.
You're welcome.
I've never actually seen it, but I love Orlando Bloom!
He also starred in The Good Doctor and Troy. Have you seen them?
The Memory Keeper's daughter original language is English
I like The Secrets of a Fire King by James Patterson. Do you like speculative fiction?
That's a great book!
Snow Crash is a Speculative Fiction book written by Neal Stephenson. Do you like his books?
He starred in What's Your Number? a romantic comedy and The Perfect Score.
He also starred in the movie The Nanny Diaries. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure of that. It was released in 2003.
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie.
I believe F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote The Great Gatsby. Would you like to read something by F. Scott Fitzgerald?
Yes. Ernest Hemingway also wrote The Great Gatsby
You're welcome
You are welcome
Sure! He is a Swiss professional tennis player. Do you enjoy tennis?
No, I don't know much about Stan Wawrinka. I know he is from Belgium and participated in the 2012 Olympics.
Yes, he has starred in the 2012 Olympics
There is a next in series to it, named Sellevision.
A Wolf at the Table was released in 1979. It is a fictional supervillain team.
I am not sure about that, but it is a sequel.
Enjoy!
I have no idea, can you suggest any?
It is considered a Tragicomedy.
It is written by John Green.
He wrote My Soul to Take which starred Jessica Hecht. Have you seen it?
Yes Wes Craven wrote My Soul to Take and the Scream series, have you seen either of those?
Yes he did, he also starred in The Shaggy Dog and The Bone Collector.
Glad I could help!
Of course. Anne Rice wrote Vittorio the Vampire and Violin.
enstein is a crime fiction novel that was released in 1995.
Yes. Vittorio the Vampire was released 1999. It's considered a children's book.
Sure, have you read The Absolute Sandman, Volume One?
The Graveyard Book has a genre of fantasy and children's literature, which is one of my favorites!
You're welcome.
Lois Lowry wrote The Patriot. It was a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It's considered both satire and a romance. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 1997
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like his work?
Sure, he directed Moon, Warcraft and The Time Machine. Have you seen those?
Moon starred Ben Stiller, Scott Bakula, Russell Peters and Cas Anvar.
It's a suspense/thriller film that was released in 2015.
Yes I do the Minnesota Vikings are coached by Mike Zimmer and a part of the National Football League.
They haven't won since they were runner ups for Super Bowl XLVIII. What do you think?
OMG, I love the Cowboys. Do you like him?
No, I haven't. I love Pete Carroll as a writer.
Sure! Do you like it because it is an adventure movie or because you are a Harrison Ford fan?
Jim Carrey
I am not sure, He also directed The Big Lebowski which is a
Yes, I love mystery thrillers!
I have never seen him, should I check it out one of his movies?
I haven't seen it but I'll check it out. Thanks for your time.
Do you like the author J.R.R Tolkien? He also wrote The Lord of the Rings.
Yes, J.R.R. Tolkien wrote Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth.
I have never seen any of his movies, but adapted from Snow White and the Huntsman with John Lee Hancock. Do you like his movies?
Robert Duvall starred in Snow White and the Huntsman. Do you like his movies?
He was in The People Speak, Push, and Push, to name a few.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Lightning Thief is a young-adult-speculative fiction written by Rick Riordan. Are you a fan of this author?
Yes, I do. He wrote The Titan's Curse and The Son of Sobek, to name a few.
It's a fantasy, similar to The Lightning Thief and The Titan's Curse.
I will add that to your list. Enjoy!
She starred in Mad Men and Latifah. Have you seen them?
I know she wrote The Truth About Forever, which also starred Sara Dessen.
That's a good one! Diana Ross also starred in it. Do you like her movies?
Inception is starring Michael Gaston. Michael Gaston starred in Sudden Death which is an action/adventure film like Inception.
The Prestige has genre Mystery.
Sure! Do you like For Whom the Bell Tolls because it is a war novel?
He wrote To Have and Have Not and The Sun Also Rises.
Enjoy them!
Stefan Kapicic Starred in Deadpool a comedy and also starred Ryan Reynolds. Do you like his work?
Deadpool also stars Stefan Kapicic, Stefan Kapicic, and Stefan Kapicic. It is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like these genres?
Deadpool has genre Romance
He is a Writer
Yes, he's also a producer. He was a producer on the Miami Dolphins Show.
That's interesting. Did you know he was born in Cincinnati?
Are you looking for other books by John Green, or other thrillers?
Yes. John Green wrote The Fault in Our Stars. He also wrote Paper Towns.
Have you read Xenocide or Wolf Brother?
Yes, it was written by Ernest Hemingway and is a romance novel
Enjoy!
James Franco starred in Palo Alto, Your Highness and Whatever It Takes (romantoc comedy genre)
It's a comedy starring Dennis Quaid and Denzel Washington. Do you like To Kill a Mockingbird?
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
Yes, Amy Tan starred in The Kitchen God's Wife and The Joy Luck Club.
I'm not quite sure if it's, but The Joy Luck Club was released in 2005.
Yes, it is. Do you want me to add it to your list?
Yes, he starred in The Apostle. Have you seen that?
It starred Harrison Ford and Farrah Fawcett. Have you seen it?
I don't have any information on that, but Robert Duvall also starred in It.
I don't have the genre information for that, but Bruce Willis did star in it.
You're welcome.
P.C. Cast wrote the movie Mark Waters.
Tod Fennell also starred in The Iron Giant as well as Mary Shelley's Frankenstein.
It appears to be a Thriller, horror genre.
You're welcome!
Yes, if you like Jane Austen, you might enjoy Mansfield Park.
She also wrote Mansfield Park and Lady Susan. Have you read either of those?
She wrote White Oleander as well as Paint It Black. Have you read those?
It was released in 2003 and is a romance novel.
You're welcome.
Akira Kurosawa is a Japanese film director. He directed Seven Samurai. Do you like his movies?
I would recommend Zoolander or You've Got Mail.
Seven Samurai has a genre of Western. Do you like westerns?
I will be happy to.
Steve Kloves directed the movie.
Yes, he wrote Les Miserables.
That is correct. He also wrote The Invisible Man.
Oh wow, he sure did!
Oh wow, I'm not much of a fan of his
Once Upon a Time in the West is a western film similar to Open Range & Posse.
Shane has starred in many movies, including The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas and The Good Girl
You are welcome
Sure. You may like Where the Wild Things Are. Have you read that one?
You might enjoy The Golem's Eye. It was written by Jodi Picoult.
You're welcome.
Yes, I like Charles Dickens. He wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop, to name a few.
Charles Dickens also wrote A Christmas Carol, Oliver Twist. Have you read that one?
Yes, he did! It's a great book.
That's correct! It was originally published in 1859. It's a play by Charles Dickens.
Enjoy your reading!
He is a basketball athlete who lives in Long Beach, California.
No, I do not watch basketball
I do like to watch football. My favorite team is the Redskins
I haven't. But I've heard they're a good team.
I have not seen it but I know that it was written by William Nicholson
Sure, he directed Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth. He also directed Elfman. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but they might be interested in the movies he directed if you'd like.
Atlas Shrugged is a novel written by Leonard Peikoff and Ayn Rand. We the Living and Anthem are similar.
Yes, he did and it also has genre Science Fiction
It was released in 1957 like The War of the Worlds and The Fountainhead
It was also written by Gayle Forman and is considered a fantasy. Do you like the genre or the author?
You can try When You Reach Me or Wildwood Dancing.
You are most welcome. Let me know if you need anything else.
You are very welcome.
Mark Osborne directed Kung Fu Panda. Do you like animated films and shows?
Yes, he was in that too. If you like Seth Rogan, you might also like The Handmaid's Tale.
I'd recommend The Polar Express, a great comedy starring Mel Gibson.
Great! You might also enjoy This is Spinal Tap if you like Superbad.
Sure, it was released in 2001 and written by James Patterson. Are you a fan of his work?
Sure, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
I would recommend Midnight Sun, it is also a good fiction book.
Great, enjoy your reading!
Are they a basketball team? I do not know much about basketball. I think Steve Kerr is the coach.
Not really. I am more of a basketball fan.
Not really, I am more of a Basketball fan. Are you a fan of the Miami Heat?
I like football as well but I'm more of a Cowboys fan.
Yes, he is a cricket player from India.
Yes, and he is a quarterback.
That's right. He is married to Gisele. She was very talented.
Sure, He wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read it?
It's a tragicomedy that was released in 1951.
It was released in 2006, the same year as The Lion's Lady.
You're very welcome!
I do! It was directed by Tony Gilroy and Tamara Tunie played a starring role.
Denzel Washington starred in the film.
It was released in 2004
You're welcome
I sure do! Divergent is in the genres Science Fiction and Dystopia. Do you like these genres?
The Hunger Games is a Young adult film, similar to The Hunger Games: Catching Fire.
Sure! Elle s'appelait Sarah has written Tatiana de Rosnay. It was released in 2007 in English even the author and title sound of a different language.
Yes, she did. She also wrote Roses Are Blue.
I don't think so, but it's similar to Zoe's Tale.
Your welcome.
She wrote the Childrens novel Black Beauty
Anna Sewell was born in 1877, the year that released The Ladies Man's Daughter.
You're welcome.
They are very good mainly tho. I haven't listen to any other work, but if you like them you may like What Happens in Vegas or Dream Girls?
Yes, he did play the instrument.
I think so. Did you know the movie was based on a book of the same name?
Yes, Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline and was released in 2013. Do you like the author Christina Baker Kline?
No, Orphan Train is historical fiction. Do you like her work?
I don't know any similar books, but if you like the Orphan Train, you might enjoy A Piece of the World.
Glad I could help!
Do you like the Thriller or the Thriller aspect of this movie?
Street Kings and Rampart are two of the big stars!
I believe it's a drama.
You are welcome!
Sure, J.J. Cohen starred in Back to the Future, which also stars Thomas F. Wilson. Have you seen it?
You might enjoy The Polar Express or You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger.
Sure! She's a great writer. She wrote The Young-Adult Fiction. Have you read it?
Oh, he did. That was a great movie. Do you like Kevin Zegers?
Yes, I can tell you that he also starred in Zoe's Tale.
Yes, Zodiac is considered crime and drama. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome.
I love Russel Wilson. He directed Zookeeper. Have you seen it?
yes, you are right.
Not a huge football fan but if I had to choose, I'd like to watch it again.
Sure he directed The Scorpion King and The Iron Queen. Are you a fan of his work?
Ponyo starred in the movie Elf. It was also directed by Hayao Miyazaki.
It was released in 2015 and starred Charlize Theron and Princess Mononoke. It's a war film that was released in 2015.
You're welcome!
Matt Damon wrote Good Will Hunting and starred in the movie The People Speak
I recommend The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul. It was also made into a movie.
Awesome! I'll add that to your watch list.
I'm not sure, but it's a thriller. You should definitely watch it!
Sure! Here you go. Enjoy your movie.
Yes, I like him as an athlete. Are you a fan of him?
He actually played for the Broncos. Are you a football fan?
It would be good if they have a good chance.
Do you like comedies? Have you seen him in Hudson Hawk?
The Devil Wears Prada is another popular one by Bruce Willis. Have you seen it?
Awayne Johnson is also in that movie. It is an animated film. Do you like comedies?
I am not sure about that, but I would recommend To Kill a Mockingbird. That's a classic!
I will sure do! Enjoy!
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Gran Torino is a great movie, it was produced by Clint Eastwood and Dreama Walker is an independent film.
That movie has Cory Hardrict starred in Warm Bodies, which also starred Cory Hardrict.
Tony Curran starred in the Day with Cory Hardrict
You are very welcome, please enjoy the movie!
I would recommend Radiance and Warbreaker.
It was released in 2016. It is a crime fiction/thriller.
It was released in 2005.
You're welcome.
Do you like animated movies? Do you like animated movies?
I recommend The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly. Have you seen those?
So sorry, I don't have that information. Something else I can help you with?
Oh yes, the next in the series is Speaker for the Dead. Do you like science fiction?
Yes, he wrote Xenocide and The Memory of Earth. Do you like those types of books?
You might enjoy The Shadows Thief or Xenocide.
Great, enjoy!
Sure, he directed the movie Three Kings. Are you a fan of adventure films?
He did star in Three Kings
You are welcome. Enjoy your day.
Anthony Daniels is a director. He starred in The Making of Star Wars with Harrison Ford. Are you familiar with that one?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he was in the Star Wars film, Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy the film!
You're welcome.
Forrest Gump starring Tom Hanks was an awesome movie
Tom Hanks also wrote Forrest Gump and he also wrote Tom Hanks
Your Welcome
I liked A Christmas Carol in Charles Dickens. Did you know that?
Yes, I love that movie too. Did you know he was influenced by Charles Dickens and Leonardo DiCaprio?
Gothic fiction. Then you might like The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. Have you seen it?
Ok. I'll have to check that out
I know that You're welcome
That team is owned by Jeffrey Lurie, isn't it?
They weredrafted by Jeffrey Moats.
I'm not sure but I don't know much about it.
I did not know that. I will have to check it out.
Do you enjoy Speculative fiction?
Yes, that is correct. Would you like to know more about The Lord of the Rings?
Yes, it is considered children's literature as well. Another good one is The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
The are a pretty good team. Aren't they coached by Ken Whisenhunt?
They were the runner up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
No, I haven't. Who is your favorite player?
Brad Pitt wrote The Iron Giant. Did you know he is also a writer?
I like Johnny Depp and The Haven't seen them, but if you like historical fiction, you might enjoy A Good Day to Die Hard.
It is a great movie about the United 93. It is written by Brad Pitt. I think you'll enjoy it.
Certainly, Enjoy!
Did you like the Sci-Fi aspect of it?
Do you haven't seen it, but I do know it's similar to Underworld: Evolution, which is also fantasy.
That one stars Charlize Theron and Robert Downey Jr. Do you like their movies?
Oh yes, she's great. I'll have to watch it tonight.
Yes. 50/50 is a Romance movie. Do you like Romance movies?
Yes, he was in that too. So was Scarlett Johansson who was also in The Prestige.
I'm sorry I don't have that information either.
True Believer is another good book, Do you like books by Nicholas Sparks?
Nicholas Sparks is the author. Have you read that one?
No, it is actually the first book of a romance novel for Young Adult Fiction.
Hes great and has a wonderful wife in Gisele
Well Wildcats was great and Rudy was good too. He also starred in Valkyrie.
He was great in Couples Retreat. I think you might enjoy that one.
Sure. Are you in to sci-fi movies? The Alien movies were directed by the great James Cameron.
Volcano was a great series! The other movies you might like are Zombieland and X-Men movies.
Tommy Lee Jones starred in the Science Fiction Film, Adventure Films like the Walking Dead and the Avengers. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, he was. That was a great movie too.
Enjoy!
I definitely would! Eric Stoltz was great in that movie. I wonder who wrote it?
William Scott starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
I like thrillers. Have you seen Shark Night? That stars Katharine McPhee.
Oh yes, he is most well known for staring in Star Trek
Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home is a science fiction movie. Would you like more recommendations?
The Voyage Home starred Gary Oldman and Amy Smart. It is a Science fiction movie. Do you like either of those genres?
You are welcome. Glad to help.
You're welcome!
The Avengers is a good one. Have you seen it?
That was a good movie. If you haven't seen other thriller movies, I would recommend The Dark Knight Rises.
No problem!
Cesc Fabregas play for the Spain national football team.
I don't know much about soccer. Are you a soccer fan?
I didn't know that. Is he a tennis player?
I don't really follow sports much, did you know Jay-Z owns the team?
I think he was a point guard for the Brooklyn Nets. I don't know much about him.
He did! That is right.
Yes, it is a very good movie. It was directed by Christopher Nolan and stars Thomas Lennon and Jorma Taccone.
Yes, William Morgan Sheppard and Christopher Nolan also starred in The Prestige.
I have not seen Wild at Heart but I know that it is a great movie
Calvin Harris is a well known DJ that has also wrote some songs like We Found Love, and Dance With Me.
Rita Ora is a dance pop artist. Do you like dance music?
You're welcome. Anything else I can help with?
Adam Brown starred in the Hobbit series. Do you like fantasy genre movies?
The Lord of the Rings is one of my favorite movies. Have you seen it?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Certainly. Glad to be of help
Great. Glad i could help.
I think he plays basketball as a shooting guard. He was born here in LA.
Yes, he recently won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award.
Yes, he is right, he's also a Point Guard for the Los Angeles Lakers.
That was a good movie. Who wrote it?
Yes, You can see him in Journey to the Center Of the Earth, or Monsters, Inc.
Sure, The Legend of Tarzan and The Farthest Shore
No problem
Crescendo is a book written by Paulo Coelho and was released in 1997.
She also wrote Hush Hush and Crescendo.
You should, I hope you enjoy it.
Sure, The maze Runner was first in a series, next is The Scorch Trials then The Kill Order. Have you seen them?
Young Adult Fiction is starring Matt Damon and was released in 2010. Do you like that genre?
Happy reading!
Sure, I can tell you he directed The Fault in Our Stars. It is an adventure film. Have you seen it?
Perhaps you would like The Hunger Games, which is a Romance film. It's a Wonderful Life is a Romance novel as well.
I would recommend The Muppets and The Passage, both are very good movies to watch.
Yes, he directed friends with Benefits. Emma Stone starred in it.
Annie stars Shelley Duvall and Mark Oyotto
I don't have any information on other movies he's in but
Sure! Do you like The Notebook because it's romance?
Yes, he was Message in a Bottle was released in 2001.
I believe Nicholas Sparks was a male, but I don't have any information on who was born.
It appears that it was Message in the BFG, but I have no idea who wrote the book.
Yes, he wrote Prince of Tide and many other interesting books.
You are very welcome. He wrote Message in the Water, A Walk in the Woods and A Walk in the Woods.
Yes. Twilight: The Complete Illustrated Movie Companion is written by Rick Riordan. It is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It's a book that was released in 2007.
You are welcome. Have a good day!
Sure, are you interested in other books written by Nicholas Sparks or books in the same genre?
He wrote The Crucible. Have you read that?
Yes, he did. Christopher Bigsby also wrote The Crucible.
He also wrote The Crucible, a historical drama. Do you like those genres?
Yes, a great year that you may know of; The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Affair.
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
They're both a Super Bowl I believe.
They are looking for a team on a winning streak right now. They're on a winning streak right now.
Lolita is a Romance novel written by Vladimir Vladimirovich Naboko. What genre do you like?
It is written in English and released in 1962.
I like Pocahontas. Enjoy
You're welcome.
No, I haven't. Isn't he married to Cameron Diaz from Shrek?
Yes, he was in that movie. Do you like his wife Jessica Biel?
No, I haven't. What genre are you looking for?
They were written by John Tiffany
She also wrote The Silkworm and The Casual Vacancy, both are great books that you might enjoy.
It was released in 2014 and is in English. It was a sequel to The Silkworm.
Absolutely! Do you like this book because of its story or because it was an autobiography?
Sorry, I don't have that information right now. Something else I can help you with?
Both were written by John Tiffany
She also wrote The Casual Vacancy, The Silkworm and The Casual Vacancy.
I'm not sure. Anything else I can help you with?
I'm sorry, I don't show the information for that.
Sorry, I can't find that information. Would you like to add it to your list?
No problem. Glad to help.
I do! Total Recall has a genre of thriller and science fiction. Would you like titles related to these genres?
No, he is the France national football player who played for Paris Saint-Germain
Who is your favorite basketball player?
I haven't. Is that a TV show?
No I've only seen the movie Space Jam.
Yes, you should watch The Hunger Games too.
Inception starred Tom Berenger, Christopher Nolan, Michael Gaston, and Christopher Nolan. Would you like to know more about these movies?
Yes, that's correct. Would you like me to add it to your list?
Enigma was released in 1996 and it is a Thriller/Drama that was also made into a movie.
Certainly, anything else you would like to know?
Rob Reiner is an author he wrote This is Spinal Tap. Such a funny, Classic film!
If you like that one, you should check out The Fault in Our Stars.
I unfortunately don't have access to that information right now.
You're welcome!
Yes. Jamie Ford wrote Songs of Willow Frost. Are you a fan of her?
They both seem to be fiction.
You are welcome.
I agree! She has a good voice. She's been in a lot of movies. Would you like to hear about her?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You should, I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
Michael Parks was an actor who starred in Star Wars: Episode VI - Attack of the Clones.
They didn't, but they had a runner-up in the 1986 & 1975 World Series. Are you a baseball fan?
Not really. I am more of a American Football fan. Are you a baseball fan?
It would be Sunny Mabrey as well as X-Men 2. Are you a baseball fan?
I think he is a very talented golfer, did you know he won the 2007 PGA Championship?
Im not sure, but he lost to Roger Federer who was in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
That sounds pretty cool. He had a good career in basketball. Do you like him?
Yes. The Hurt Locker is directed by Kathryn Bigelow
Yes he did, he also starred in Thor
Sure. It was written by Andrew Niccol and also stars Jeremy Renner and is a Fantasy.
Sure thing. Enjoy!
I know they are part of the NFC West. They are owned by Bill Bidwill.
No they were born in New York City.
Yes I do like college football. Who is your favorite team?
I don't know a lot about him. I know he's a football player who plays forward.
I heard he's also one of the best player in Manchester United F.C.
I don't know much about soccer but I'm more of a Soccer fan. What about you?
I'm sorry, I don't have the information for that one.
Another similar book is El amor en los tiempos del cólera.
Yes, it is written in English.
Sure. Do you like books written by James Patterson or the mystery genre?
Yes, it is! Along Came a Spider is also a thriller.
Ok, it was written by James Dashner. It's also a Fiction Novel.
You're welcome!
Atonement is a great movie by Ian McEwan. It was released in 2001.
I'd recommend The Fault in Our Stars.
If you like Tragedy Novels, I would recommend The Day After Tomorrow.
Sure! He starred in Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow. Have you seen either of those?
Great, I would recommend The Hunger Games and The Book Thief. Have you seen them?
Yes, some of the actors in the film are Zombieland, Jeremy Renner, and Noah Segan. Do you like any of these actors?
No problem! Enjoy!
Are you looking for something in the same genre or by the same author, Lisa See?
It's considered a Historical fiction and Speculative Fiction.
It definitely would be! Have you heard of Yertle the Turtle or Lady in the Lake?
Yes, Saina Nehwal is a famous badminton player from India. Are you a fan of this sport?
No, I do not believe so.
Yes it is. The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet Prince of Denmark is a very good book.
Yes, Shakespeare is great. I like Romeo and Juliet, a classic.
Yes she is. You should check it out.
Sense and Sensibility was written by Jane Austen. Would you like me to recommend other books by her?
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
He's great! He starred in Desperado! Have you seen it?
I think she is a great actress. Did you know she also starred in The Muppets?
You might enjoy The Muppets or The Muppets then.
The Aviator stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Frances Conroy. Are you a fan of either?
In the movie The Aviator starred Leonardo DiCaprio, did you know that Leonardo DiCaprio also starred in The Aviator?
He had a starring role in The Aviator. Anything else I can help you with today?
Ok. Enjoy!
he wrote School Daze, starring Kasi Lemmons.
Yes, she is in it. You should check it out.
You're welcome.
She wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read either ?
It's a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
I dont have an interesting fact about the Swan Thieves but I can tell you that it is a drama and a biography.
Absolutely, I would send it right now
I believe he is a golfer from England. Do you like golf?
yes i love golf. do you like any other sports?
no i dont. who is your fav tennis player?
Football is the most popular sport in the world. Do you have a favorite team ?
i have never been to a actual live game. how about you?
he is a great player. who is your fav tennis player?
not crazy about them. my team is the steelers. do you like them?
The Georgia Dome is a great coach. Did you know their coach is John Fox?
Yeah, he's good. Who's your favorite team?
I would recommend Un di Velt Hot Geshvign by Marion Wiesel as well.
Yes, Un di Velt Hot Geshvign was released in 1958 and in English. It is a young-adult fiction novel.
Yes, The Man in Havana was written by Marion Wiesel and was released in 1958. That was a great book!
He starred in Vulgar
Yes. Ethan Suplee also starred in Chasing Amy, which was edited by Kevin Smith. Kevin Smith also directed Clerks II.
Yes William Lee Scott starred in The Butterfly Effect.
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy the movie.
They work under multiple labels including Warner Music, Universal Music and Republic Records. Records include that they are based on a band band.
Yes, Gwyneth Paltrow did also appear in Someone Like You. They're both friends.
I don't believe that. It is a country music band.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I like them and Tom Brady and Owner Robert Kraft
Yeah, it is! Do you have a favorite team?
Oh, I didn't know they're playing the Titans today.
Oh wow, he's a very good one. Thanks for the recommendation!
Terry George has directed Hotel Rwanda, starring Sophie Okonedo and Jodi Picoult.
I am not sure if he has directed other films, but he also directed Star Wars: Episode VI
That movie falls under both Thriller and Drama.
Your welcome
Sure! Beatrix Potter wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard. Have you read that yet?
It was released in 2001.
Yes. Beatrix Potter wrote the Tales of Peter Rabbit. It is a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Will Grayson wrote it, and it was released in 1986.
He has also starred in Girl, Interrupted and Cop Land.
That is a thriller. Anything else I can help you with today?
It is a romantic comedy. Would you like to know more about it?
That is a romantic comedy. It is about a black comedy and romance.
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland is written by Tim Burton.
Lewis Carroll wrote The World According to Garp. What else can I do for you today?
Glad I could help. Anything else?
Enjoy the books!
The Incredibles is written by Brad Bird. Brad Bird starred in Ratatouille. what else can i do for you?
The Incredibles was also written by Mark Twain. Is there anything else you want to know about the movie?
I am not sure who else starred in Ratatouille, but I do know that The Incredibles is directed by Christopher Hitchens.
Yes. He is an American professional basketball player for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association.
I'm not a big fan, I don't know much about it, is it a great sport?
I don't watch much NFL but my favorite team is the Broncos.
I like basketball and baseball. What about you?
I'm not a big sports fan but I do know that they are the runner-up in Super Bowl XLVIII.
I do,a ctually. I think it's a good movie. Do you like that genre of movie?
Sure, I enjoyed Walk Away and Behind These Hazel Eyes. Big hits for her? What about you?
Yeah, I like her too, I saw her on American Idol. Do you like her?
Yes, I like her music. I remember watching her on American Idol and she was very talented.
I like heavy metal and rock as well.
Of course! Hot Fuzz is an animated film starring Jim Carrey and Leonardo DiCaprio. It was directed by Ron Howard.
Great Shooter was written by Stephen Hunter and he stars Tate Donovan. Do you like his movies?
For thrillers, I can recommend Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee and Joel David Moore.
Sure, Rum Diary Stars Anthony Hopkins and she also starred in the movie What About Bob?
Glad to help
I've not really followed him much in Golf. I do enjoy golf movies more. How about Caddyshack and Happy Gilmore? Hilarious i think.
That's true. Did you know he's from Dallas?
No, I haven't a huge golf fan. What sport do you like?
Serenity is a great movie, Jennifer Jason Leigh and Liam Aiken are the stars.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
You're welcome. Enjoy your movie.
It is also a Mystery and Thriller if you like to watch.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Michael Gondy is a actor that starred in movies like We Don't Live Here Anymore, The Devil Wears Prada and The Big Year.
Be Kind Remind starred Ralph Fiennes and was a comedy. Do you like comedy?
I do, Adam Levine is an amazing vocalists and Maroon 5 musicians are tight. Do you like them?
I like lloyd banks hes a huge fan of him
Okay, I'll have to check them out, thank you for the recommendation.
Yes, I really like him. I like the song Water for Elephants, how about you?
I didn't know that! Are you a fan of Diana Ross?
That's cool. I'll have to check it out.
He plays for the Argentina national football team
How are they doing this season? I prefer American Football.
I like Manuel Pellegrini. Did you know he's a Brazilian professional football player?
Shrek stars Mike Myers and Rupert Everett. Do you like their movies?
Yes, have you seen The Hunger Games or The Matrix?
Rob Zombie and Zach Galifianakis are in it, are you a fan of them?
You're welcome.
Lea Thompson starred in The Wildest Dream and The Magicians. Do either of those sound interesting?
It's a beautiful story starring Anna Kendrick and Jason Flemyng. Are you a fan of thrillers?
I am not sure who starred in it, but Randy Quaid also starred in National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation 2. Have you seen that one? It is a great movie.
Becca Fitzpatrick wrote Hush Hush and Silence and Hush, Hush. Have you read either?
I believe she also wrote Silence
Hush hush has genre Romance
You're welcome
Mike Myers directed it. Did you know that?
He also wrote, directed, and produced Red Dragon
I'm not sure who starred in it, but David Silverman also directed it.
You're welcome!
He directed Rango, a popular western movie. He also wrote this as well.
It is a Bollywood thriller starring Gil Birmingham and John Ratzenberger.
Yes, Rango is considered an action film and a thriller. Do you like action films?
Your welcome!
I don't have any suggestions for similar movies, but if you are looking for something in the same genre, I can recommend Welcome to Sarajevo, Where the Wild Things Are.
Ride Along has a genre of Adventure and comedy. Do you like those genres?
That is definitely a good one. You are welcome.
I'd recommend The Ladies Man. It was released in 1999 and also stars Steve Buscemi.
Is there anything in particular you would like to know about her?
You might also enjoy the Harry Potters Series by James Patterson
The Vampire Chronicles is a great book! It was written by Richard Condon
The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins, who also wrote Gregor and the Marks of Secret. Have you read that one?
I don't have that information.
You're welcome. Glad I could help.
She is a musician who wrote Mansfield Park. Do you like her work?
Mansfield Park is a musical. Do you like musicals?
Yes, Mansfield Park is considered a romance. Do you like romance books?
I believe that the genre is murder mystery.
Definitely! Did you know he also starred in a few movies?
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
The genre is considered children's literature and speculative fiction.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Les visiteurs and Amélie are good ones. Have you seen these?
Amelie was starred by Louis Sachar. She also starred in the Magic Roundabout
You're welcome. He also directed A Beautiful Mind. Have you seen it?
I do! I like his song Someone Else Calling You Baby. I just love country music in general. Do you like country?
Yes, he is. I like his work from Leesburg. Do you like him?
He is with the Virgin Records. Do you like them?
Great actor. He starred in The Young Lions and The Wild One. Have you seen those?
He's also in a few classics like The Young Lions.
I'd try To Kill a Mockingbird, The Manchurian Candidate, and The House of Mirth to name a few. I love all of those.
Yes, I do. I like him better in the NBA and plays for the Golden State Warriors.
Yes I am a fan of the Miami Heat. How about you?
Yes, he did
Me too, he won that award, I think
Mervyn Peake is a artist and author, she wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and was influenced by Michael Moorcock
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was the original tale.
He is most famous for writing The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
Sure, he wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Would you like to know more about that?
Gina Torres was also in that film as well as Luigi Pistilli.
Yes she was, as well as the Notebook was directed by Frankenweenie.
You're welcome.
Drinking Spirits was written by Rhonda Byrne and released in 2011.
I can tell you that it is a movie that was released in 2002 starring Tim Robbins and Brad Pitt. Would you like to watch this movie?
I know he was also in The Virgin Suicides, which is a good movie.
Awesome. I will send it to you.
I will have to check it out. Gabourey Sidibe was great in it.
The sequel to The Dark Knight is Batman Begins.
I would recommend World War Z. It's an action movie and stars Brad Pitt.
The Fighter and The Dark Knight are two action adventure movies.
It is a blockbuster and stars Robert De Niro and David Bautista.
I hope you enjoy it.
The complete Anne of green gables, blue castle and the Rilla of Ingleside. Want to know more?
It was released in 1980.
The Witch of Blackbird Pond came out that same year.
Sure, Christopher Meloni also starred in Wet Hot American Summer. You might enjoy that one.
Then you might also enjoy The Warrior's Way, it stars Christopher Meloni.
I am not sure. However, some of the stars include Noah Segan and John Lennon.
You're welcome!
The Shawshank Redemption is written by Stephen King. Would you like to know who wrote it?
Yes, he did! It is a fantasy adventure film. I highly recommend it.
Would you like to hear of other horror movies written by Peter Jackson?
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
He wrote Love is Gone and Night of Your Life. Have you heard those?
Yes, I like his music. Did you know he was from France?
I like Young Jeezy Yolanda Adams and Yo-Yo Ma. Do you like them?
Definitely. He has a nice voice, don't you think?
Sure! The Interview was written by Cyrus Norwrasteh which also directed The Young Messiah.
It is a drama and action movie. Do you like those kinds of movies?
You should check it out it was very good and has a lot of good reviews
You're very welcome have a great day
It was a great comedy starring Seth Rogan and Katherine Heigl. Do you like them?
It was released in 2009 .
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
You are welcome.
Paul Pogba is a football player for the Brazil National Football team. Do you like football?
Yes that is true, they were the runner ups to the 2011 FA Cup Final. That was a great year for soccer.
I do like american football, would you like to know more about any team?
I see. I don't follow soccer much. Do you like any other sports?
Yes, he is one of my favorite authors. He wrote They Live which is a really good read. Have you read it?
It is a romantic comedy. Do you like romance comedies?
I believe so. If you like Spike Lee, you might also like Your Highness.
Sure, she was an actress who starred in the movies The Kid and The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you heard of those movies?
I do not have that information but I can tell you she is an author and an athlete.
Yes, he is from the United States.
Yes, she was in The Poisonwood Bible and The Lacuna. have you seen them?
It is a Historical fiction, similar to The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
That book is a Science fiction novel released in 2013 and is the second book in the series.
You're welcome
I think she is very talented and like her music but she's a little too dramatic for me
That is correct. Did you know Tom Hanks starred in Larry Crowne?
Those are great films! If you like Ashton Kutcher, I might also suggest You Got Served, and You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger.
Do you like it because it's written by Charlaine Harris?
The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York, Mariner in 1719.
It was written by Charlaine Harris and released in 1991. It is a mystery/crime/fiction.
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like action movies?
Skyfall is a action adventure movie. Do you like adventure movies?
I am not sure, but I know it was directed by Richard Condon
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I do not follow football much, but I do know they are owned by Mike Zimmer and a part of the National Football League.
Oh, I was thinking of someone else, he was a former world No. 1 in singles, but lost many games.
I believe so, I was not a big fan of the Cowboys, did you know that?
Yes, the movie stars Stephen Baldwin, Kevin Spacey, and Peter Greene. Do you like movies with those actors?
I do like thrillers. Shark Night is also a thriller.
Yes, I have seen Unfinished Business. I know Tom Hollander produced it.
I do like that genre. Did you know Tom Everett Jr starred in it?
I like alternative rock. I like the Buffalo Bills and the Beatles. How about you?
Yes. Along with Tom Waits and Chris Hemsworth.
Yes, it was written by John Green, are you interested in other books by him?
I see. Do you like John Green? He also wrote Paper Towns.
You are welcome!
Of course! TRON Legacy is an Adventure Film, starring Rocky Balboa. Do you like Adventure films?
Olivia Wilde was in Year One along with Zach Galifianakis
Anything else I can help you with today?
Would you like any other recommendations?
Sure! He directed Teacher Man. Have you seen it?
It's a basketball team. Do you like basketball?
I can definitely recommend a few. My favorite is Green Zone, where I've played it.
You're welcome!
I have a recommendation: Rich or Die Tryin'
Channing Tatum also starred in Magic Mike.
I do not have that information.
You are welcome.
Are you referring to The Wonderful Wizard of Oz because it is a Speculative fiction novel?
She has a very talented voice. She's a singer, song writer and actress. Do you like her?
Yes, she is a great singer. She also starred in No Strings Attached. She is a very talented man.
Oh yeah she is. I think she is a great writer as well.
Yes, he did. He passed away in 2016. She's a good songwriter, I think.
You'll enjoy it.
Do you have any information about that?
The next book in the series was Lord of the Rings.
The Rock was released in 1996 and directed by Michael Bay Bay. Do you like him as an actor?
Shark Night is a thriller and was directed by Roland Emmerich. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, that is correct. I think David Moore was a great actor.
He plays soccer for the Colombia national football team.
Not really, I know a lot about Columbia national football. My favorite team is the Redskins. Do you like them?
He plays Midfielder and he is also a forward
Keanu Reeves starred in The Matrix. Would you like to watch it?
If you like sci-fi, you might like Zombieland or X-Men First Class.
You're welcome. Have a nice day.
Harold Ramis wrote Groundhog Day which stars Bill Murray, have you seen it?
It also stars Willie Garson and Michael Shannon.
It is, similar to Groundhog Day, which is a Romantic comedy. You should check it out.
Kill Bill Vol. 1 and Kill Bill Vol 2. are great films he starred in.
I'm not sure but I can tell you The Sky Crawlers was directed by Frank Darabont.
I'm not showing any other actors in the film, but I can tell you The Sky Crawlers was directed by Philip Pullman.
I am not sure but I can tell you The Great Yokai War was directed by Frank Darabont. Do you like his work?
Of course. You got it!
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books. The next in the series is The Marvelous Land of Oz.
The Secret Garden is another one in the Fantasy genre. Have you heard of it?
No problem! I hope you enjoy it!
I'm a fan! I've heard a lot of her pop hits from her Get Sleazy Tour.
I haven't heard that one, but I heard it all in music. Do you like electronic dance music?
I didn't know that, she has a great cast. She also starred in Men in Black 3, which is a musical comedy.
He also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Murder by Death. Would you like more information about this?
Breakfast at Tiffany's has a genre of Romance and Comedy. Did you know it was made into a movie?
Breakfast at Tiffany's has a genre of Historical period drama and comedy. It is a very funny film.
I know that he won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Male Video. Have you heard of it?
SteveJobs starred in The Men Who Stare at Goats. Have you seen it?
It's a drama/mystery. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
He was in The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that movie?
I believe you will enjoy The Art of Loving as well.
He wrote The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary and The Ugly Truth. Have you read these?
I am sorry I do not have any other information on another book by him.
Went Hollywood was released in 2014
Your Welcome
I don't follow basketball much, but I do know he's a basketball player from Chicago. Do you like basketball?
Sure, I heard he plays for the Golden State Warriors. I don't know if that's the case.
I've heard of it, I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the information.
They're in the National League, play at Citi Field, and the mascot is called Mr. Met. Do you like baseball?
Do you know if that is their home venue?
I'm a Dodgers. Do you like the Red Sox?
He is a good soccer Player. He plays at Mexico National Football team and Manchester United FC. Do you like soccer?
I heard he's going to be the forward for the team, right?
Yeah, he's pretty cool. I like him as well in the movies that he directed.
Would you prefer a particular genre? Or would you prefer a particular genre?
It's a thriller like The Mummy Returns. Do you like this genre?
If you like Fantasy, you might also like The Scorpion King or The Mask of Zorro. Both are great movies to check out.
It's an oldie but a goodie, you should definitely watch it.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Trainspotting is a English language book, it was released in 1996
Great, I think you may enjoy The Long Kiss Goodnight, starring Shirley Henderson. Have you seen it?
Another one you may enjoy is You, Me, and Dupree, which also stars Shirley Henderson. Would you like to watch that one?
I don't really like it, but I do know that it was written by Frank McCourt and released in 2006.
You might enjoy White Fang or World War Z.
Pound of Flesh stars William Hurt and Josh Brolin.
You're welcome.
Sure can! I recommend A House of Night Novel by P.C. Cast.
I would also recommend Untamed: A House of Night Novel.
Yes, it is. Another young adult fiction book you might enjoy is The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
You could try Undead and Unwed or Redeemed. They are both young adult fiction.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Do you like For Whom the Bell Tolls because it is a war novel?
It is a Thriller.
To Kill a Mockingbird and The Manchurian Candidate might be a good choice.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't really like them, but I do like their coach Tom Brady. Are you a Patriots fan?
Not really, I think so. I'm not a big fan of the New England Patriots. They are a contender in Super Bowl XXXVIII. Do you think that's their last win?
I believe he's married to Gisele Bundchen. She was married to a New England Patriots woman.
I can recommend a movie by Ben Affleck called The Town.
Its a great movie. Peter Craig also wrote Donnie Darko and Emily Bront.
It was directed by Peter Craig too.
Okay. Have fun!
Sure, do you like the movie WALL-E because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
The Incredibles and Transformers are also good ones. Have you seen them?
It is a great movie starring Jack Nicholson and Bill Murray, who also starred in Shark Night.
he also directed Fast & Furious and A.I Artificial Intelligence.
but Katy Perry is an amazing performer. I like him as well.
That is a good movie, yes. I think Katharine McPhee was in that one as well, was a wonderful actor.
Yes, I do. I'm not a huge fan of Russel Brand. She was a great actor.
Starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn, what do you like about it?
I know that movie, it's considered a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Yes, that was great. I liked him in that movie too. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
I do! It was written by Anne Hathaway and stars Meryl Streep and Emily Blunt. It's a classic!
I'm sorry I don't have any information on Merryl Streep, but he did write The Diary of a Young Girl also starring Holly Hunter
Not really. I think its a great movie and is a comedy drama film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
peter starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
It's a comedy.
Sure. Some other fantasy movies include The Chronicles of Narnia and The Lion, The Witch, and The Wardrobe.
The main lead in this movie is Jennifer Lawrence, Josh Hutcherson and Liam Neeson
You're welcome.
Thomas E Connolly starred in The Street Lawyer and The Connolly. Do you like him?
Yes, it was actually written by Thomas E. Connolly and was released in 1850.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Into the Wild is written and directed by Sean Penn. Do you like Sean Penn?
Yes, he was. He's a writer and an Actor. Do you like Actors?
No problem enjoy it!
A wonderful movie. It stars Johnny Depp and David Kelly.
To Kill a Mockingbird, The Manchurian Candidate, The Rum Diary and many more. Have you seen any of them?
You're welcome!
Robin Hobb wrote The Mad Ship and The Golden Fool.
Robin Hobb wrote The Dragon Keeper, Ship of Magic and Ship of Destiny...
Sure, have you read The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars?
Hope you enjoy!
Yes he wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Importance of Being Earnest. Have you read either of these?
Yes, it is. The Picture of Dorian Gray is a really good read. It was released in 1851.
It came out in 1987.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes The Girl of Fire and Thorns by Rae Carson. What else can I tell you about it?
Yes, it was released in 2014. Sarah J Maas wrote The Assassin's Blade and Queen of Shadows.
Sure, I can recommend World War Z with Brad Pitt. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
Sure, some movies she's started in a Pride and Prejudice and King's Speech.
No, Mark Boal wrote Zero Dark Thirty and he also wrote The Hurt Locker.
I agree. She was also in The Don't Mess with the Zohan.
I think he is one of the best players on the Colombia national football team.
I don't know much about him either. I think he plays soccer for FC Bayern Munich II right?
Oh, no, but I've heard about Shakira. What team do you like?
Do you like the starring Roald Dahl or the genre?
He also wrote James and the Giant Peach.
You're welcome!
My favorite NFL team is the Denver Broncos. Do you have a favorite team?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
They are a professional football team based in the United States of America.
I enjoy watching Paul Pogba. I think he is very talented. Do you like him?
I like football and baseball. What about you?
Yes, he was a great player. Speaking of football, do you like baseball?
Stephen Covey wrote this book, it is a self help selection about success. DO you want books similar to this?
He also wrote The Lone Ranger and The Invisible Man. Have you read any of these?
That's the only information I have that year.
Thank you for the recommendation
Sure! It was written by Guillermo del Toro, and stars Larry Joe Campbell. Have you seen it?
Charlie and the Choocolate Factory is a family genre movie. Do you like family movies?
Oh yes, I love the Pirates of the Caribbean: At the World's End. Have you seen it?
I know he was also in the movie The Rum Diary have you seen it?
Yes, that was written by Lawrence Hauben starring Scatman Crothers. Would you like to know more about that?
That was a great one. The Man on the Moon has genre Drama. Would you like to know more about that?
That is a great read as well. Another great historical period drama is You've Got Mail.
Well, if you like War films, you should check out The Tenant of Wildfell Hall.
You're very welcome!
Lauren Oliver is quite the writer. She wrote The Manchurian Candidate which was released in 1922. Have you read it?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
No problem. Enjoy!
Yes, he wrote Yellow Submarine.
That is true. Did you know he also played with John Lennon?
Yes, he is also a musician like the Velvet Underground.
I believe he plays for the Boston Celtics.
Oh, yeah. That's very cool. What other sports do you like?
Oh, I believe he was. Do you know anything about him?
That's a great movie. Did you enjoy it because it was written by Michael Bay or because it stars Tom Everett?
Sure, have you seen The Island or The Stars My Destination?
It's a sci-fi film that also stars Jason Bateman and Liam Neeson.
Glad to be of help
I like him in the action movie Harsh Times. Which is your favorite movie of his?
I think Clint Eastwood was in it as well, did you know that?
The movie was directed by Christopher Nolan and stars William Morgan Sheppard, Christian Bale, Rachel Weisz and many more.
You're welcome.
I know that The Red Pyramid was written by Rick Riordan and is in the speculative fiction genre. Do you like that genre?
Sure, The Throne of Fire and The Serpent's Shadow are similar ones
you are welcome
He's a professional football player for the Colombia national football team
Yes, The Dallas Cowboys and Aguero are a football team.
I do like the Dallas Cowboys. What is your favorite team?
Yes, Sean Barrett wrote Xenocide. Are you a fan of speculative fiction?
Yes, it is in English. Have you read it?
Do you know if I can help you with anything else?
no problem. Hope you enjoy it.
I am not a huge basketball fan but I do know they are owned by Leslie Alexander. Are you a fan?
I watch basketball from time to time. My favorite team is the Lakers, which is yours?
I haven't a big fan of Oklahoma City Thunder. Do you like Oklahoma City Thunders?
You may enjoy Victor Hugo or Thomas Paine, Voltaire wrote these two books.
It was released in 1726.
You may like The Christmas Blessing or The Pillars of the Earth. Both are musicals.
You're welcome!
Sure! Winnie the Pooh was written by A.A. Milne. He also wrote When We Were Very Young. Have you read that one?
He also wrote the Tao of Pooh. You might enjoy that one too.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about him except that he's a soccer midfielder and forward. Do you like him?
Yes, he is from Liverpool and plays for Everton FC. Do you like him?
That is where the New Jersey Devils play, do you like football?
They have a coach named Jose Mourinho.
I believe he played for the Argentina national team. Are you a soccer fan?
I watch it most Sundays at least one game. Are you a fan of this sport?
This book is part of a series. the Dvergent Trilogy
You might enjoy The Looking Glass Wars or The Golden Compass.
You're welcome! Any time.
Pulp Fiction would fall under the genre Drama. Would you like to hear of other genres?
John Travolta was in Zombieland too.
Okay, great! Enjoy!
Yes, he is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Spanish club Barcelona and the Brazil national team.
It is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
I'm sorry, I don't have any other novels written by him.
I'm not sure. Do you like Spanish?
Forever Odd has a Spanish version, but I haven't read it yet.
No problem!
Baseball isn't my favorite, but I think they were runner ups in the 1986 UEFA League Finals.
They have a good season, right? I'm not much of a baseball fan.
Of course! The Mets are part of the American Football Conference. Are you a fan of theirs?
I think they are a pretty good team. Are you a fan of the NFL?
He was a quarterback for the Seattle Seahawks, did you know that? He's a pretty good team though.
No, I don't really follow any sports. Who is your favorite player?
Sure, it was written by Saulius Dagys.
Yes, I do. She wrote The Witch of Blackbird Pond and The Man in the Iron Mask.
C.S. Lewis wrote The Scarlatti Inheritance.
That's a great movie. I think you will enjoy it.
Yes he is! Dennis Lahane also wrote Nomad, a murder mystery book.
Sure this was released in 1891 and Influenced By Thomas Gray. Would you like to stay with the same author?
Thomas Hardy also wrote D'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
It's a Non-Fiction novel. Do you like those types of books?
It was released in 1891.
He starred in Animal Kingdom: Let's go Ape.
Jennifer Ehle also starred in it. She was also in The Hunger Games: Mockingjay.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure! She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie
Valérie Lemercier and Christian Clavier are the main stars. Do you like their work?
Yes, it is. I believe you'll like it.
You're welcome! Enjoy.
I know he's a golfer. He won the 2012 PGA Championship. What is that?
Not so much, but I heard he was from Ireland. What sport do you like?
Yup, he composed most of the songs from Northern Ireland. Then you might like Romance and Cigarettes.
Oh yes, Tron: Legacy has genre Fantasy. Is that what you are looking for?
It is! The Island of Dr. Moreau is an action movie.
The Island of Dr. Moreau hasn't been in it yet, but it hasn't seen it yet.
Okay. Let me know if you need anything else.
District 9 is a Sci-Fi movie written and directed by Terri Tatchell. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Great, I know he directed The Manchurian Candidate. It is also a thriller.
The Neon Demon stars Bruce Willis and Billy Crudup.
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie!
Yes, my favorite song by her is a thousand years. Do you like her?
Yes, he's a great singer. Do you like any of his music?
I like a lot of different types. My favorite singer would have to be Jerry Maguire.
Probably. It was released in 1965.
Sure. That was written by Diana Gabaldon. It is also a young-adult fiction novel. Do you like this genre?
Sure, you might enjoy the next book in the series, The Neon Bible. It's a classic!
I don't actually know any other books he wrote, but A Tale of Two Cities is another good read.
You're welcome!
Todd Phillips wrote The Hangover Part II and Old School, do you like comedy movies?
Does there be anything else I can help you with?
Old School is a Comedy. Do you like comedies?
I'd love to watch basketball when Kyrie plays for a team like the Rockets.
Oh yes. That is a great movie. I really liked it. Aside from being a writer, Frank McCourt, and Paula Hawkins.
I haven't read it yet, but I have heard of it. Hans Christian Andersen, the author of Hans Christian Andersen, is a famous author.
Yes she did! Winter Garden was released in 2014. Hope you like it!
Any time! You are welcome.
He wrote II Principe didn't he?
He wrote the book in Spanish and Spanish. Would you like to read it?
Would you like to know more about his books?
You are welcome. Let me know if I can help you with anything else
Pete Docter directed Up and also directed Monsters, Inc. Does that interest you?
I would definitely recommend Water for Elephants. She's written both The Amazing Spider Man and The Incredibles.
It is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
Have you seen We Bought a Zoo? It's hilarious.
You're welcome!
Steve McQuarrie is one of their major players though
Zooey Deschanel
I don't know much about Hardaway but I know he was drafted to the Houston Rockets the same year as well
Yes, I like Renaldo Balkman as well
The Gunslinger was written by Stephen King and released in 1982. Would you like to hear more titles by this author?
It was released in 1995.
You're welcome.
Sure, Panic Room is a similar movie
It is a crime fiction, similar to The Fight Club. Have you seen the movie?
I believe it is produced by Joseph Heller
The Cleveland Browns are fourth in the AFC North division for the 2018 season. I think their owner Randy Lerner would be happier with a better place.
I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan myself. What do you think of them?
I'm a big fan of the New Orleans Saints. Do you like any other teams?
I didn't know that. I'm more of a Cowboys fan myself.
He wrote 1Q84 Books 1-2. He researched Japanese studies.
I am not sure but he also wrote 1Q84 Books 1-2
I'm not sure but it was released in 2013
The Planet of The Apes is another great one
You're welcome
Oh yes, It was written by Saulius Dagys.
I believe it was released in 1997. It is a romance novel.
Sure. You may like The Hero with a Thousand Faces.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! Transformers: Dark of the Moon has a genre of Adventure and Action Film. Do you like these genres?
Predators had genre Sci-Fi as well. Wizard's First Rule is also a good one
Avengers: Age of Ultron and K-PAX are similar movies.
Insurgent was released in 2012. The movie is based on a book by Veronica Roth.
You got it!
I think it was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995. Do you like the book because of its story line?
He also wrote The Honk and Holler Opening Soon. Are you familiar with these?
He also wrote All the Light We Cannot See.
You're welcome.
Nathan Lane starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton have you seen it?
Yes it is. Are you interested in any of his movies?
Yes, it is! Sex also starred in The Handmaid's Tale!
Yes! She was, along with Tom Waits, who also starred in The Teacher.
William Hurt starred in The Tenant of Wildfell Hall! Have you seen that one?
Sure! F. Murray Abraham starred in Thir13en Ghosts, The Grand Budapest Hotel, and The Grand Budapest Hotel.
Yes, Scarface is a thriller. He also starred in The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
I cannot find a science fiction movie.
Well the Avengers: Age of Ultron stars Scarlett Johansson.
Yes, Unbreakable is a sci-fi film. Do you like sci-fi?
No problem. Enjoy
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
I don't really follow soccer, what sports do you like?
No, I like the New York Giants. What's your favorite team?
I don't really follow them. I do like their coach John Fox. Are you a fan?
Did you know they won the XXXV Super Bowl?
I like the Patriots. What is your favorite team?
If you like Outlander, I would recommend the movie This is Spinal Tap.
If you like Outlander, you might also enjoy The Scottish Prisoner or The Fiery Cross. They are both great books.
Xeneo DiCaprio is another great Sci-Fi novel of the same name written by Orson Scott Card, which has also written Endgame: The Calling.
You're welcome!
Yes, To Kill a Mockingbird is written by Harper Lee and released in 1960.
Oh, I love that book. That is a great book. Did you know it was released in 1960?
I also wrote a book called Go Set a Watchman and the Emperor's New Groove
You're welcome
They are a soccer team, did you know it was coached by Louis van Gaal?
Well, I know he's a German football player, but I prefer American football, you?
I believe he also played for FC Bayern Munich, but I don't know much about him.
Sure, One for the Money has genres thriller, crime fiction, comedy, and adventure. Do you like these genres?
I believe Princess Diaries was written by Meg Cabot
Yes, Stephenie Meyer also wrote The Chemist and Girl with a Pearl Earring
Yes, she was, and there are other writers for the series, such as Stephenie Meyer
You are welcome.
Inside Out was written by Christopher Nolan, starring Denzel Washington and Josh Brolin. It's a great family movie.
That's correct. She also was in Bridesmaids.
This is the End is a comedy-drama. Do you like comedies?
Great, I hope that you enjoy it!
Great, have a great day!
Well he starred in I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With, which also starred Amy Sedaris. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes she did , she also starred in a TV show called Women in Love, which was a sitcom.
She's been in a number of movies like There's Something About Mary, Bridesmaids and She starred in the TV series, The Sarah Silverman Returns.
My favorite movie Ron Howard is A Beautiful Mind. Do you like his work?
Well, Ron Howard directed A Beautiful Mind, which also directed by him.
He also directed A Beautiful Mind which was a good movie.
Well, he also directed V for Vendetta, which was a great movie.
Mr & Mrs Smith is written by Simon Kinberg and stars Vince Vaughn and Stephanie March. Are you interested in movies with those actors or writer ?
He also starred in Troy and The Tree of Life.
Sure! Donnie Darko is a Thriller written by Richard Kelly. The movie stars Seth Rogen. Do you like Thrillers?
No she did write the Box but I do know he wrote the box and it was released in 1994.
Yes, The Box is a Thriller and is a thriller.
You might also enjoy The Golden Compass or The Fall if you like Fantasy.
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie!
The Throne of Glass is written by Rick Riordan. Would you like to know more about this author?
I'm not sure about that one but A House of Night is a fantasy
I can recommend The Assassin's Blade.
Sure. Do you like thrillers? If so, You might enjoy The Hunger Games.
Yes, Gothika is a comedy/drama that was released in 2002. Do you like that genre?
Enjoy!
Beatrice Sparks wrote Go Ask Alice.
It sure is. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome.
Sure! Do you like movies with Sandra Bullock in it or rom-com in general?
That is a good one. You might also enjoy Kick-Ass or X-Men 2.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Enjoy
Yes. I like Paper Towns. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, he also wrote Will Grayson, The Fault in Our Stars, and The Fault in Our Stars.
Sure, it's genre is young-adult fiction.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
If you like Outlander, you might like The Breath of Fire or The River Why.
It was released in 2013, the same year as The Land of the Unicorn was released.
It's a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
Eleanor & Park is a great book by Rainbow Rowell. Are you interested in hearing abiout similar books?
Yes, she also wrote The Secret Life of Violet Grant
I find that there is no information about that
You are welcome!
Yes, Rich Moore wrote Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. He also starred in it. It's a great comedy. Do you like comedies?
You might enjoy Wag the Dog, or Monsters, Inc. He wrote them too.
Not much, but I do know she's a Danish tennis player and was a former world No 1 in singles. Are you a fan of hers?
Definitely, I like Serena better than Venus. Did you know Venus has a sister named Serena?
I'm pretty sure it is a comedy.
Sure! Zach Snyder directed The Skulls. Have you seen that one?
Sure, some of the actors in that movie were Stephen McEwan and Stephen Dillane who also starred in the Watchmen.
Sure, it is a comedy, but also a comedy and a suspense movie. Do you like those genres?
You might like The Manchurian Candidate or The Manchurian Candidate either.
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing. It was good.
You might also enjoy The Golden Compass or Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Yes, it's part of the Gemma Doyle series. Also in the Fantasy genre, it's a great read.
I think you'd enjoy The Golden Compass or The Fall if you haven't read them.
Sure, enjoy them!
Rebecca was written by Daphne du Maurie. Do you want to know more titles by Daphne?
It's a mystery. Do you like those types of books?
No. I do not know who starred in My Cousin Rachel.
No problem. Enjoy!
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
Case Keenum was a Denver Broncos runner up in that upcoming Super Bowl XLVIII. Do you like him?
Kevin Costner is their coach. What is your favorite team?
I enjoy basketball. What is your favorite team?
What is your favorite basketball player?
I believe he is a soccer player from the Spanish National team. Do you like soccer?
I am not sure, but I do know he was a midfielder as well.
Yes, it is. It's located in the Northern Ireland.
Wrinkle in Time is a Science Fiction book written by Madeleine L'Engle. Did you know it is part of a series?
It's a Fantasy that is part of a series of books.
You might enjoy the next book in the series, A Wind in the Door.
You are correct. I think you will enjoy it.
Yes! I like his song One Time. Do you know it?
I like Johnny Depp. What's your favorite song of him?
No, I haven't heard that one yet. Is that a genre you like?
Sure! You may enjoy The Phantom Tollbooth. It is a speculative fiction novel and was co-written by George Spafford. Have you read this one yet?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But you might also like The Looking Glass Wars.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Well, he was a Heisman Trophy winner in the past and he is a popular quarterback these days.
The Wildcats are a professional American football team based in Chicago, Illinois.
Are you a fan of Woody Harrelson?
Yes, Jean-Pierre Jeunet wrote Micmacs. He also wrote A Very Long Engagement and Micmacs.
Micmacs is a French Crime Fiction. He also wrote A Very Long Engagement which is a French Crime Fiction.
Zodiac is a genre of action film. I do not know who stars in it.
Welcome
13 Reasons Why was written by Jay Asher and it's in the genre of young adult fiction.
He has also written The Future of Us with Carolyn Mackler.
I do, would you like to know some other Young-adult fiction books?
It was released in 2007. Would you like to know more about it?
It's an autobiography written by Emma Stone . Do you like autobiographies?
Jane Austen also wrote Sense and Sensibility, a romance novel. Does that interest you?
It was released in 1817. Would you like me to add it to your reading list?
No problem, enjoy.
Sure! He wrote Michael Clayton. It starred George Clooney. Do you like that film?
You might like Zodiac or Yesterday Was A Lie. They are all mystery movies.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now. But it was produced by Michael Clayton which also directed Sherlock Holmes.
Certainly! I hope you enjoy it.
