Sure, do you like it because it's a thriller?
If you liked it, you might also enjoy A Bug's Life. It was also a Disney movie.
Yes, The Hitman's Bodyguard was written by J.K. Rowling, who also stars in Death.
Yes, The Hitman's Bodyguard is a Thriller, written by J.K. Rowling, who also stars in The Hitman's Bodyguard.
I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans which was released in 1920.
She wrote The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian. Do you want a list of what I've heard about?
It was released in 2012 and the genre is cartoonist
You're very welcome
There's Something About Mary is written by Bobby Pratchett, and is a slasher movie.
She's been in some great films including There's Something About Mary and There's Something About Mary.
No I did not. I apologize I don't have that information.
It was written by Sarah Dessen and is young adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
no, she also wrote What Happened to Goodbye. Have you read it?
yes she did write The Moon and More, which is a historical novel.
you are welcome. Have a great day.
Well since your asking of Don Cheadle, he starred in The Guard. Have you seen it?
It's a Crime Fiction Film, do you like those types of movies?
Viggo Mortensen, Don Cheadle and Don Crash are in the comedies that he starred in.
Enjoy!
Ravichandran Ashwin is a cricketer from India. Do you like cricket?
He is currently playing for the Manchester United F.C.
Natlandandandandandandandran plays for the Mumbai Indians. Do you like Cricket?
Yes, he directed Zero Dark Thirty. Have you seen that one?
Yes, it was written by Robert A. Heinlein and was released in 2011.
You're welcome!
Sure, have a great day!
I think he is a really good basketball player but I really like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
Yes, he is a good basketball player. I do not follow the Warriors. How about you?
I'm a huge fan of Basketball. My favorite sport is Basketball. How about you?
Oh, that's very interesting. I see he's in a relationship with Cameron Diaz.
I really like Cam Newton, a Quarterback of the Year.
Hot Fuzz is a black comedy starring Jim Carrey and Marcia Gay Harden.
Yes, you are correct! He was also in Zombieland too. Have you seen that one?
Sorry, I don't have that information.
No problem, I am happy to help.
He was in Count Dracula and in Count Dracula.
You might enjoy Beautiful Creatures by J. D. Salinger. What genre do you like?
You're very welcome.
I have never seen it, but it stars Spike Jonze and Sean Penn. Do you like them?
Yes, I like them. The Pledge has genre Psychological thriller. Are you into thrillers?
Great! I hope you enjoy it. Have a great day.
Will do. I hope you enjoy it.
No problem. Enjoy!
Yes, he's a great director. He directed Three Hours and This Means. Have you seen either of those?
It was written by Robert A. Heinlein and is in the comedy genre.
Angelina Jolie Pitt plays the lead role
Would you like recommendations for other horror films?
I am not sure about the genre, but it is a Thriller, Mystery and Comedy.
You are welcome.
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
It was also released in 1989. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
William Directed The Hunted, The Exorcist, and The Exorcist just to name a few.
He was also in The Hunted, which is a romantic comedy.
The Devil and Father is a 1985 film also starring Willie Garson.
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you be interested in more books by F. Scott Fitzgerald?
Have you read Tender is the Night? That's a great one.
The Surgeon was written byurgeon Surgeon and is a piece of crime fiction. Do you like that genre?
The clockwork princess was written by Cassandra Clare. She also wrote The Hiding Place. Have you read that one?
She has. She wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex, which is also a young-adult fiction.
Will do. Enjoy!
Enjoy!
Sure, Unforgiven was written by David Koepp and David Koepp. It's a great Sci-Fi film.
Morgan Freeman starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
I haven't had a chance to see them all, but I did see The Chronicles of Narnia directed by Steven Spielberg.
Josh Hutcherson wrote The Hunger Games. Would you like to know more about this?
Yes, he was also in the Hunger Games: Catching Fire.
Is there anything else I can help with?
I am not a big fan of hers but I do know that she is married to Sean Penn. Do you like her music?
I'm not very familiar with her music but I did hear that she was married to Sean Penn from Fast Times at Ridgemont High.
Yes, he did. He also starred in Snatch, along with Guy Ritchie.
Isn't he a cricket player?
Yes and he also played for Chennai Super Kings. Are you a fan of Cricket?
No problem. Anything else I can help with?
Amy Poehler wrote Yes Please have you read this book?
have you read The Muppets series?
Lorne Michaels starred in Mean Girls. what else can i do for you today?
Tina Fey has written several books. what else can i do for you today?
Yes, Arsenal is a professional soccer team based in England.
Not really, I am more of a football fan. What about you?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Jonathan Levine directed The Wackness starring Jane Adems. Do you like Romance?
It is a comedy also starring Ayn Rand. It is also a comedy.
Yes it was released in 2012.
Your welcome
He's a good actor. He starred in Taken 2 and Taken 2. Have you seen those?
Taken 3 stars Liam Neeson and he also starred in Taken 3.
Right. Liam Neeson is in Taken. He's a great actor. He's also in Taken 2 and Taken 3.
Enjoy!
I am not a big fan of the Carolina Panthers but I do know that they are having a good season. They're not doing too well this year.
I think it's not overreaction by Mike McCarthy.
Agreed!
Sure, Iron Man was a great action movie by Jon Favreau. Similar movies like The Incredible Hulk and The Avengers by Stan Lee might be interesting.
Yes I do, he wrote The O.k. which is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The O.C. also directed and produced by Steven Spielberg. Are you a fan of his?
I do not know. I do know that he wrote The Sworn Sword. Have you seen that?
Enjoy!
Sure. Do you like Odd Thomas because it's a thriller?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. I'm sorry.
Jonathan Kellerman also wrote Django Unchained, The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke.
Sure! Do you like Treasure Island because it's a thriller?
Have you read The Man in the High Castle?
You are welcome
I think she's a great tennis player. Do you like her music?
I don't know much about music in the dance pop, but I do know that she is married to David Guetta.
Not really, but I do like Echoes of Silence. Have you heard of him?
Of course, I am not familiar with the author, I know that he wrote and starred in a romance film called Beloved.
Yes it was. 2012 was the same year the drama X-Men was released.
I like thrillers. Emily Griffin also wrote The Mists of Avalon which is also a thriller.
Enjoy!
Yes he wrote This is 40 as well as The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you read either of those?
Groundhog Day was written by Shel Silverstein and produced by Jodi Picoult
Yes, he did. He was also in The Watchmen. Have you seen that one?
I don't know of any other films he directed, but he did write Year One with Jennifer Hudson.
Sure, Groundhog Day is a comedy drama starring Channing Tatum and Amanda Seyfried. It's a comedy.
I don't know of any other films he wrote, but he did write Vacation
You're welcome.
Isn't he a composer and songwriter?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, i have read them all too. My favorite is Yvonne Zima.
I have heard that he is such a beautiful voice
I haven't read that one, but I heard it was a good movie.
I like Ben Stiller too. Did you know he also starred in Stuck on You?
It is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
She wrote Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
Both were released in 2008 and a historical fiction genre.
You're welcome!
Have a great day!
George Orwell also wrote Nineteen Eighty-Four. Have you read that one?
He also wrote Nineteen Eighty-Four. Have you read that one?
Yes, I like her book The Color Purple that she wrote. Do you like her books?
It was released in 1943
It is a drama
Your welcome
I do not know if Oldboy is a Thriller, but it is a Romance/Mystery similar to Oldboy.
Oh yes, I would recommend that you watch Korean. It's a Thriller too.
I'm not sure who stars in Lady Vengeance but it is a drama.
She is a Thriller. She's also in a movie called Prejudice.
You're welcome!
From Ang Lee Ang Lee wrote The Ice Storm and The Prisoner of Azkaban.
He starred in The Witch of Blackbird Pond and The Hungry Caterpillar.
Of course, Woody Allen wrote Beyond the Sea, which is a Romance film.
I think Zsa Gabor is a science fiction novel by Charles Dickens. It was released in 1974.
It is a Crime Fiction. It was released in 1987.
Yes, it was written by Michael Crichton. It was released in 1990 and is considered a science fiction.
Yes there was. Are you a fan of Jurassic World?
Yes, he did Jurassic World was directed by Peter Buchman as well as directed Jurassic World.
Rickie Fowler is a professional golfer. Do you like the sport?
He is a golfer right? I don't follow golf too closely.
Haha, I love Adam Sandler movies. Do you like Adam Sandler movies?
Do you like the author J.R.R.R. Tolkien?
The Golden Compass written by J.R.R.R Tolkien was released in the same year.
The Silmarillion was written by J. R. R. Tolkien, who also wrote The Silmarillion.
He wrote My Soul to Take which starred Jessica Hecht. Have you seen it?
Yes, My Soul to Take is a horror Thriller written by J.K. Rowling.
I'm sure you will enjoy it.
The Lost World: Jurassic Park is starring Vanessa Redgrave. Do you like this actor?
Then you might like Zombieland, Yesterday Was a Lie, or Zombieland.
I think you'll enjoy the first one.
Sure! He starred in Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow.
Surviving Picasso is a French film starring Jean-Marc Natel.
Sure. Joss Ackland was written by Charles Dickens. He also starred in Zombieland and Vanishing Acts.
The Little Prince is a Historical period drama and The Little Prince is a historical period drama.
No problem. Have a great day!
Hes great and has a wonderful wife in Gisele
I didn't know that. I know that Anne Hathaway also starred in it as well.
I agree. It was a great movie. He was also in it as well.
I definitely recommend Die Hard with a Vengeance, it's a crime fiction starring Bruce Willis.
Me too! Have you seen Hudson Hawk? It stars Charlize Theron.
I do not know that information at this time.
You're welcome!
Alien is a film directed by Ronald Shusett. Have you seen it?
The first in a series of horror movies is Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. It was also turned into a movie.
Bats was released in 2009 and stars Veronica Roth. It's a vampire movie.
You're welcome!
He directed the science fiction film Eraserhead. Have you seen it?
If you like sci-fi, you might also enjoy X-Men 2 or World War Z.
Yes, I think so. It's also a great movie. I would also recommend The Pursuit of Happyness, which I highly recommend.
Enjoy!
Absolutely! Alice Braga starred in The Rite and Repo Men
Repo Men is written by Tom Shadyac.
He is also a director! He wrote The Perfect Man, which is a thriller.
Brett Helquist wrote The Reptile Room and The Vile Village
The End was released in 2014 in English and is a Romance Novella.
Its a drama/mystery novel by Reese Witherspoon
Yes, I do. I like him in Friends with Benefits. What about you?
Yes he does, he has a son named Lenny.
I have! It's such a great show! I highly recommend it.
I will send you a link to you. Enjoy!
Yes I do, he starred in Windtalkers, Warrior, and Tumbleweeds just to name a few. Have you seen any of those?
Windtalkers is a drama. Warrior is also a drama. Have you seen it?
It's a drama film. It's a war film. It was directed by Ron Rifkin.
I hope you enjoy it.
He's one of the best soccer players in the world and plays for FC Barcelona, right?
I do play football, I am not a big soccer fan. Are you a football fan?
I haven't heard of that! What is it about?
Harry Potter and the cursed child is written by J.K. Rowling
Jack Thorne also wrote Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, have you seen that one?
I don't know much about them except that they are the AFC West team. Are they good?
I'm not sure who the color is, but they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XL
They are in the AFC West. Is that your favorite team?
Sure! Eoin Colfer wrote The Phantom Tollbooth which is a science fiction novel. Have you read that one yet?
Yes it was released in 2008. The Lady Elizabeth was written by Jane Austen. Have you read it?
I haven't read anything by Allison Weir, but she did write The Six Wives of VIII.
I do, did you know that he is friends with Selena Gomez?
Have you heard of The Weeknd?
I don't know of any other songs from him, but I do know that he's a very talented singer.
You're welcome.
Kyrie Irving is a professional basketball player. He currently plays as a point guard for the Boston Celtics.
I would definitely recommend the Boston Celtics. They are coached by Doc Rivers and Brad Stevens.
That's the last one I see. I'm not sure.
Yes he wrote The Dark Knight Rises a very popular movie of his.
He is a Russian author. His novel "Crime and Punishment" has been called the most famous novel in the world( as per IMDB)
Yes, рестуление и накаание is written in English.
Yes, he is very good. He wrote ление и накаание and диот.
You are very welcome!
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books. The next in the series is Oz's Oz books.
Have you read The Wonderful Wizard of Oz by J.K. Rowling?
I would recommend The Golden Compass. It's part of the series, the Harry Potter series.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Isn't he a player on the Germany national football team?
He is referring to the coach of the Dortmund team, did you know he is from Germany?
Absolutely! Yuvan Shankara also plays Midfielder and Forward.
I haven't seen it, but heard it was a good movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
I have A Corn of Thorns and Roses in the Fantasy genre. Are you interested in either of those genres?
She wrote a book called A Corn of Thorns called A Song of Ice and Fire, it was actually made into a movie. Have you read it?
I would also recommend The Assassin and the Roses of Olympus.
You're welcome!
Sure, he directed The Terminator and Apocalypse Now. Have you seen those?
That's correct. It also stars Avatar and Tessa Thompson.
It came out in 2007 and also stars Leonardo DiCaprio
You're welcome
Yes, I do. It was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald and is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
Then you'll like Welcome to Temptation or Where Rainbows End. Would you like more recommendations?
Yes, it is considered a romance and is also a historical. It was released in 2007.
She wrote The Hunger Games and Mockingjay.
I like Venus better than Venus and her sister Serena. Do you like her?
Did you know that Stefi Graff was born in Sao Paulo?
That's interesting. I haven't heard of her though.
Yes, Michelle Wie is a female golfer born in Honolulu.
Hmm. I'm not sure. Did you know Yoko Ono was also born in Hawaii?
That's amazing! What's your favorite sport?
Sure, Sylvia Day wrote The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Cursoe of York Mariner
I don't have that information, but I do know that Sylvia Day wrote Reflected in You, Have you read it?
Yes, similar novels are; Under the Never Sky and Reflected in You.
Sure! Margaret Atwood wrote The Year of the Flood and The Robber Bride. Have you read either of these?
The Handmaid Tale is speculative fiction and science fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
I definitely hope you enjoy it! Did you know it was made into a movie?
I do! He's one of the best football players of all time. He wrote Without Fail. Are you familiar with that actor?
The move Carlos is starring Rosemary's Baby, starring Charlize Theron. It is considered a Thriller.
Sorry, I don't have that info.
Of course, do you like the author because of its fantasy genre, or because of the author?
Tahereh Mafi wrote The World According to Garp, The Invisible Man, and The Name of the Wind.
Yes, it was released in 2014. What genre do you like?
It was written in 2014 by Caroline Kepnes. It was released in 2014. It is a novel.
The Shadow Rising is a fantasy novel written by George R.R. Martin as well. That's a great fantasy novel.
You are welcome. Have a great day.
Wally Lamb wrote several books such as She's Come Undone and The Hour I First Believed. Do you like Fiction?
It was released in 2015. It is also a book written in English.
You're welcome!
Sure, he directed The Girl on the Train. Have you seen that one?
They are both science fiction.
Matt Damon and Josh Brolin star in Neverland.
It was released in 2009
Sure. Enjoy
You're welcome
Yes I do. He has written A Seperate Peace which is a young-adult fiction novel. Do you like young-adult fiction?
It's a novel. It's part of a series. The series is based on Greek Mythology.
Yes, do you like this book because it is a Romance?
Your welcome.
Are you referring to the author Emma because it's a romance novel?
She wrote Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility.
Yes, have you read Wuthering Heights?
Sorry, I don't have that information at this time.
The Giver is a dystopian novel by Lois Lowry. Do you like dystopian fiction?
You might also like the Wizard's First Rule then.
No problem. Would you like any other recommendations?
Fight Club was written by Jim Uhls and Chuck Palahniuk
Sure, I can download Straw Dogs.
You're welcome!
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix was written by J.K. Rowling. She also wrote Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince.
I would recommend Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban by JK Rowling.
Your welcome.
Yes, Mindy Kaling wrote How to Win Friends and Influence People. Would you like to know more about that?
It is a crime fiction novel by Kaling. Are you interested in those types of books?
Yes, that's a great one. It's a biography.
Enjoy!
He was the translators of Tolstoys works and he also wrote мерт вана лиа and диа.
Anna Karenina wrote аренина. She also wrote аренина. Have you read it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, it was written by Laura Hillenbrand and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The film starred Mike White and Alan Young.
I don't know what other movies she directed, but I do know that she did a voice on the animated version of Red Riding Hood.
He's a soccer player from the UK. He plays the forward position.
You know, I don't know much about Wayne Rooney, either. He plays Midfielder and Forward.
Yes, he is. He is currently playing for Manchester United.
I haven't read a book by Locker, but I heard it's a good book. I think it's a crime fiction.
Yes, he was, along with a lot of other great actors such as Clint Eastwood and Gwynethy Paltrow.
I liked Juliette Birth in The Blue Castle, which is a historical drama.
You're welcome.
Yes. Where'd You Go, Bernadette is written by Maria Semple and was released in 2012.
Yes, that's a great one. Did you know she also wrote The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Curso?
Yes, will do.
Sure! Lauren Kate wrote Passion and Rapture. Have you read either of those?
Torment was released in 2011. It's considered speculative fiction. It's considered speculative fiction and science fiction.
I hope you enjoy it. Have a great day!
Lewis Carroll is a writer and author. He wrote To Rome with Love. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, it's a great movie written by Tim Burton. Are you a fan of his?
If you haven't seen The Rum Diary and if you haven't seen it, you should give The Rum Diary a try. It was released in 1961.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Well, I'm sure you will love them.
No, I haven't. Is that a soccer team?
No, I can't name a few. Are you a soccer fan?
You're welcome!
Lauren Oliver wrote To Rome with Love. To Rome with Love is a Romance. what else can i do for you?
I have read a few thrillers like Catch-22 which is also a Thriller.
It's a speculative fiction novel. If you like that genre you'll enjoy it.
You're welcome. I'm happy to help.
He directed The Simpson's movie that starred Tom Hanks
David Silverman wrote The Simpsons Movie. He also wrote The Nightmare Before Christmas.
Yes, they are the same, but David Silverman has a tv series called The Simpsons Movie.
You too!
Not really a fan, but I've heard a little about him. He's from Delhi and plays cricket. Do you like that sport?
I am not a big fan of Australian cricket but I do catch a match from time to time.
That's interesting. I'm not sure if he was an author or not.
The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King stars Orlando Bloom and Chrisopher Lee. Do you like this actor?
Sure, he was in The Good Doctor. Have you seen that one?
Great, hope you enjoy it. Have a great day!
Yes I do. It is one of a Sci-Fi novel by James Dashner. Have you read it?
It is written by Rick Riordan. The book is based on the novel by William Shakespeare.
If you Reach Me, you might also enjoy The Maze Runner series.
Sure! Nicola Kraus wrote The Nanny Diaries. It was released in 2002.
Yes, you might also like The Scarlet Letter. It was made into a movie starring Anne Hathaway.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is written by J.K. Rowling. It's a young-adult fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure about that. I know he was in a tv show called The Lord of the Rings, but I haven't seen it.
I'm not sure when he was in a TV show, but Daniel Radcliffe was also in Twilight.
Yes, he starred in The Last Dragon, The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen those movies?
Sure! Do you like Horror movies?
Have you seen Zombieland?
It's a Romance film starring Tracie Thoms.
It is a good one. Enjoy!
I like Katy Perry, I like her song Hot n Cold. Did you know she was a voice in The Smurfs?
John Carpenter wrote Escape from New York and directed The Fault in Our Stars.
The Fault in Our Stars and To Kill a Mockingbird are really popular.
Matt Damon and Laurence Fishburne also star in it. It's a thriller. Do you like those?
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom and Billy Boyd.
I don't know much about the Thrillers, but Orlando Bloom is in it.
Yes, it's a great movie. Enjoy!
Yes, she is one of the greatest female athletes of our time. Her sister Serena is so talented.
Yes, she is. I like Venus better than Serena and her sister Serena.
Wow, I didn't know that. Who is the coach?
I don't follow soccer much, I know that Radamel is from Bogota.
Yes, he is definitely a captain. He currently captains the Seattle Seahawks.
I do like American Football. What is your favorite team?
Yes I would. It was written by John Hughes and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 1994 and the sequels is The Latifah. Have you seen it?
Sorry, I do not have that information.
You are welcome
I do, he is a great singer, song writer and dancer. Do you like his music?
I haven't heard of that one but I do know that he is a regular on the TV show The Muppets.
I haven't heard of her. Is she a good singer?
Shawshank Redemption is written by Stephen King. Would you like other movies written by him as well?
He also wrote the Mist and the Lawnmower Man. Have you read those?
You're welcome!
Would you wish me to check based on it's genre, or on the authors?
I do not have that information at this time.
Yes, have you read The Other Boleyn Girl or The Importance of Being Earnest?
Yes I do. He starred in Deadpool and The Transporter Refueled. Do you like his movies?
Yes, Radivoje Bukvic is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
It's a thriller. Do you like that genre?
Shark Night stars Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
Similar to Shark Night is a thriller and also stars Katharine McPhee.
No problem.
Yes, that's what I have in mind. Did you know Treasure Hunt was released in 1967?
Journey To The Center Of The Earth is similar one
Journey To The Center Of The Earth is a good one.
He plays Cricket for the Mumbai Indians. Do you like Cricket?
He plays Cricket for the Mumbai Indians.
Yes, he does.
Yes. Nagpur has genre Suspense which you might also like.
Sure, he wrote Island and The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell. Have you read those?
The first one was released in 1806. That is the same year that The Doors of Perception was released.
Yes, I believe it was the band name of the band from Brave New World. Are you a fan of the show?
No I do not have that information but I can tell you it was written by Ian McEwan. Are you familiar with him?
Christopher Hampton also wrote Insomnia and Without Fail. Have you read them?
The film is a mystery and a suspense film. Do you like those types of movies?
I don't know about the movie but I do know it is a thriller and suspense genre. Are you interested in thrillers?
I hope you enjoy it!
2012 was written by Roland Emmerich and Harald Kloser and directed by Emmerich. Do you like Emmerich's movies?
It is a science fiction action film
Matt Damon and Josh Brolin are in it. Do you like them?
Are you looking for other books written by J.K. Rowling?
Did you like The Help because it was a Romance?
Yes. Did you know that The Rocker was directed by Stanley Kubrick?
Yes, he did. He also starred in Help.
I know she starred in Men in Black 3 and was also in the movie The Muppets.
No, I haven't seen it. Is it a thriller?
The Client is written by John Grisham and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It is also a psychological thriller.
The Client was written by John Grisham, which is also a thriller.
You're welcome!
He is a football player, right?
I do not have information on his skills
I enjoy watching college football and baseball as well
Who is your favorite team?
Yes, the Packer is a great player
I don't follow soccer that much, I believe they are one of the top clubs if I'm not mistaken.
Who is your favorite soccer team?
I have never been to an actual live game so I am not sure.
Are you a fan of the Time Traveler's Wife because it's a satire or because it's a psychological thriller?
Yes, it is a mystery novel. Another mystery novel is Wuthering Heights
You're welcome.
You are welcome.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
Yes, it was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald
That book was written by Virginia Woolf who also wrote To The Lighthouse.
The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York Mariner is his most famous work. Have you read it?
It's a fiction. Do you like fiction?
You're welcome.
Yes, that song was very popular right now. Did you know Call Me Maybe was released in 2015?
No, I did not, but I did know Call Me Maybe was a regular on The Voice.
Oh, yea, I didn't know Call Me Maybe was released in 2015. Is she also a singer?
Yes, he wrote The Godfather Part II which stars Harrison Ford. Do you like science fiction movies?
I do not have that information at my finger tips but I can recommend other adventure films starring Nicole Kidman.
You're welcome!
Did you like Mark Overstall because it was written in Madame Bovary?
It was released in 1856, the same year as The Diary of a Young Girl.
If you like romance novels, you might also enjoy The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
He also wrote In Her Shoes, a romance novel. If you like that one, you might like The Return of the Native.
It's a novel released in 1856. It was also made into a movie.
It's a romance novel. It was originally published in 1856. Would you like to know more?
You might also enjoy The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
You're welcome!
I do too! He's been in The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October. Have you seen those films?
Yes, he wrote The Secret Agent: A Simple Tale
Yes it is. He also wrote The Secret Agent: A Simple Tale.
It was actually released in 1904.
He wrote The Road and The Crossing.
I have no idea. There is a movie called Unfortunate Events written by Cormac McCarthy.
Sean Connery is the author of this book.
It came out in 2004.
You're welcome!
Jane Eyre is a novel written by Charles Dickens. It was released in 1847.
He also wrote Jane Eyre. It's a romance novel. Do you like that genre?
No, Jane Eyre is considered a satire as well as a biography.
You're welcome.
It was written by Malala Yousafzai. Do you like her books?
Another book written by Paulo Coelho is The Girl from Aleppo.
Veronika is a paranormal romance. Would you like to know more about that?
Yes, he was also an author, written in English.
I think he currently plays for the Boston Celtics.
I like sports. I also enjoy watching college baseball movies like Space Jam. What about you?
Yes I do. The Lakers originally drafted Dallas Cowboys. Who do you root for?
O Alquimista was written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988. It's considered a Science Fiction. Have you read it?
Paulo Coelho also wrote The Alchemist. Are you familiar with this author?
I have added that for your reading list.
Sure, it was written by Rebecca Wells. Do you like her books?
She also wrote Ya-Yas in Bloom, she is a great author. Have you read this one?
Your welcome. Have a good day.
Sure! Kami Garcia wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Redemption. Have you read either of these yet?
It is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
You are welcome. Have a good day.
She wrote Throne of Glass and The Assassin's Blade. Have you read either of those?
The Assassin and the Assassins was released in 2014, have you read that one?
It's a great one!
It's a great one!
Yes I do! Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a Sci-Fi film directed by Matt Reeves. Do you like those types of movies?
Kodi also starred in Slow west with Ben Mendlesohn.
Yes, it is a sci-fi film. Do you like those types of movies?
You are welcome!
Yes. The movie Artificial Intelligence is starring Steven Spielberg. Do you like his movies?
A.I. Artificial Intelligence is starring Matt Damon have you seen it?
Absolutely, have a great day
This is the End was produced by Evan Goldberg. Evan Goldberg also wrote Pineapple Express. Are you familiar with his work?
I would say that it is more of a psychological thriller and comedy, but Evan Goldberg also produced The Interview.
I'm not sure, but I know it was written by Hugh Jackman.
Do you like Cold Mountain because it's a war film?
He also wrote Thirteen Moons and The Cold Mountain.
Thirteen Moons was released in 2009 and is in the Psychological thriller genre.
I hope you enjoy it!
They're a pretty good team. I like their coach Jason Garrett. Are you a fan?
Jerry Jones played for the Dallas Cowboys. Did you know he is also a producer?
I'm not too sure about that. Do you like TV?
Bruce Almighty was written by Steve Oedeker and starred Jim Carrey. Do you like Jim Carrey?
It was released in 2008 and directed by Ridley Scott. It also stars Steve Carell.
It is a sci-fi film released in 2015 and is starring Elijah Wood
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Hunger Games. Would you like to know more about this film?
Yes, Zathura: A Space Adventure is a Sci-Fi film written and directed by Steven Spielberg.
She starred in The Kids Are All Right and also in The Kids Are All Right.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You are welcome.
Do you like Quentin Tarantino?
He also wrote Reservoir Dogs and Pulp Fiction.
You are welcome!
You are welcome!
She wrote Mean Girls and Bossypants.
Yes, he was in the Kite Runner as well as The Rum Diary.
Sure, Tate worked on The Help, starring Bryce Dallas Howard and Ahna O'Neal. Have you seen it?
Yes, Cicely Tyson also stars in The Help and Get on Up. Would you like more information about The Help?
Oprah Winfrey starred in The Women of Brewster Place with Kiera Knightly.
Sure, no problem!
Sure, do you like Christopher Nolan movies?
Christopher Nolan
Have you seen the Star Wars series, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade?
Harrison Ford was the main star of the film. Are you a Harrison Ford fan?
Indiana Jones is a great actor. Did you know he is also a director?
It's a fiction novel and it was written by Paula McLain in 2011. She also wrote Circling the Sun. Have you read them?
She also wrote Ciraling the Sun. Have you heard of that one?
Circling the Sun was released in the year 2015, it is about a mysterious and mysterious assassin working at a group of rebels trying to overthrow the government.
I'm not sure about that, but it's a fiction genre, do you like fiction?
You're welcome!
Sure, Lea Thompson starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wildest Dream.
I don't have that information at my finger tips but I can recommend other movies starring Lea Thompson. Have you seen either of those films?
That's great! That's also a good one as well.
He also wrote In Cold Blood and the Rum Diary. Have you read those?
Great! I think you will really enjoy those movies. Have a great day!
Yes, I do. It was written by Francis Ford Coppola and starred Talia Shire and Sofia Coppola.
Yes, she starred in Apocalypse Now. She is also in Apocalypse Now.
Yes, he did. That's a good movie.
He wrote Unaccustomed Earth which is a Psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes, another Romance novel written by Gustave Flaubert is Infinite Jest.
Yes! It was also written by Gustave Flaubert and is considered a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Of course! I also recommend The Three Musketeers and The Secret of Joy.
He wrote Män som hatar kvinnor
She wrote Graceling, Fire, Bitterblue, and Bitterblue. Have you read any of these?
Yes, she also wrote Graceling, Fire and Bitterblue. Do you like Romace?
There is also The Velveteen Rabbit written by William Nicholson.
The Velveteen Rabbit was written by William Nicholson. Other books in the genre of children's literature are; The Fairy Tales of Huckleberry Finn.
The Giver is written by William Nicholson.
I think he's a good football player. Do you follow football?
I occasionally like to watch football. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys though. How about you?
I've never been to a professional football game before. I have never been to a professional football game before. Who is your favorite player?
That's really cool, I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the information.
Yes, The Lost Hero was written by Rick Riordan
It is a Romance genre. Do you like Romance?
Yes,It is also written by Rick Riordon
You are welcome!
Monsters University Movie
It also stars Eric Stotlz, Steve Buscemi and Carrie Underwood. It was produced by Steven Spielberg.
You're very welcome!
Yes, he wrote The Prophet of Yonwood. Would you like to know more about this book?
The Prince is a Romance.
If you like the 7 Habits of Highly Effective People, you might also like Watership Down.
Yes, I do! He's one of my favorite songs from him. He starred in Desperado!
Yes, but not as much as Enrique Iglesiasias.
I haven't heard of his music but I think I will listen to his music a long time. Is there a specific genre you like?
Sure! Do you like books written by Truman Capote?
He also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Murder by Death. Would you like more information about him?
No problem, I am happy to help.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010
Yes, The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks was written by Rebecca Stead. It's considered a science fiction.
Sure, it was written by Rebecca Stead. It's a young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
It's a classic! It was written by Rebecca Stead. It's also a biography.
I think she's a very talented person. I especially liked her in Men in Black 3 and I like her more. What about you?
I am not a fan of Taylor Swift, I know she has a lot of hits on the radio. I like her friend Ariana Grande better than Taylor Swift.
Is she a good singer?
Sure, she is starred in The Princess Diaries.
White Squall stars Jeff Bridges and Jason Marsden. Do you like those actors?
Of course! Coming of Age is a drama film written by Matt Damon. Do you like drama?
If you are into sci-fi then you should check out Wolf Brother. It's a great satire.
You too.
Sure, I would recommend Oliver Twist, The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club, The Old Curiosity Shop and Oliver Twist. Anything else I can help you with?
It's a Suspense, written by Robert Louis Stevenson. It's considered a satire.
He has many books, including A Suspense, Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club and more. Are you familiar with any of those?
I hope you enjoy them!
Sure, John Grogan wrote Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst dog. Would you like to know more about this book?
Sure, he also starred in Marley & Me. Have you seen that movie?
Do you like Scream because it's a crime fiction?
Yes, I'm a fan of animated horror. Did you know Yoko Ono was also a writer?
Sure, I am not familiar with this movie but I can recommend other horror movies like The Rum Diary and L.A. Without a Map.
Yes, Sylvester Stallone directed The Expendables starring Jet Li and Jason Statham.
Yes, he was. Do you like him? Sylvester Stallone also directed The Expendables.
I don't have that information, but Sylvester Stallone also starred in The Expendables.
Yes, it was written by Cassandra Clare and released 2014. Have you read it?
The genre is science fiction and children's literature. Are you interested in these genres?
It's a fantasy novel by Cassandra Clare, as well as City of Bones and City of Ashes, which is the next book in the series and is the Harry Potter series.
Sure, do you like Quentin Tarantino Movies ?
It stars Tika Sumpter and Robert De Niro.
He is a good Table Tennis player. What do you think about him?
Oh wow, that's really cool. What do you think about Ma Long?
I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer.
You're very welcome
Bobby Farrelly starred in Stuck on You
It's a Romance. Do you like Romance?
I'm not sure who else stars in it, but Matt Damon was also in Unstoppable.
Rob Cohen directed The Skulls. It stars Paul Walker. Have you seen it?
I do not have that information, but I can tell you The Skulls is starring Roger Rees and Jeffery Rush.
No problem.
They are a soccer team coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
It is soccer. Do you like soccer?
Yes, he did
Isn't he a musician?
I am not sure about that. I do know that he is from South Africa.
Sure Million Dollar Baby starring Hilary Swank
It's a romantic comedy. It also stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Clint Eastwood
Enjoy!
Yes, he directed The Lives of Others I that stars Martina Gedeck and Sebastian Koch. Do you like either of those actors?
The film is a psychological thriller and horror film. Do you like those types of films?
Both Charlize Theron and Joaquin Phoenix star in the movie.
It was released in 2005. I hope you enjoy it.
I'm not sure who wrote the book but The Tourist was written by Grisham. Are you familiar with his work?
Sure, I hope you enjoy it!
I think Coach Steve Kerr is doing a great job with the team but I think Coach Steve Kerr is doing a great job with the team.
Did you know that he's also a basketball player?
Oh, that's awesome! What other sports do you like?
Jane Eyre wrote The Fountainhead, The Old Curiosity Shop, and Villette. Have you read any of those?
Jane Eyre is actually a novel written in 1847.
Other romance novels include Wuthering Heights, Xenocide, Wolf Brother
Yes, he is a great basketball player. Do you like him?
I enjoy watching college football and baseball. What about you?
No I didn't realize that.
Yes, He wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read it?
The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas has genre Tragicomedy.
You are welcome.
I was not a fan of the novel, but I do know that it was written by James Frey. Do you like him?
Sure, it was released in 2014 and is in the genres of speculative fiction and science fiction.
Yes, he has directed The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Richard Andrews wrote The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark.
Yes. 1600 was also the year that released The Winter's Tale
Yes. Shakespear's Tale is part of a series.
Of course. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I know he plays for the Germany national football team, the FC Bayern Munich II.
Yes, Thomas Muller plays as a midfielder along with Toni Kroos.
Not really, I am more of a American Football fan. What about you?
Isn't he a tennis player?
Basel is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Is she the Call Me Maybe girl?
No, I did not know that. Is she a pop artist?
Yes, she is very talented. Did you know Call Me Maybe was released in 2015?
Sure, do you like Jaws because it is written by Peter Benchley?
Yes, he was also in the movie. The movie was directed by Peter Benchley.
Your welcome. Glad I could help.
Les visiteurs and Amelie are good ones. Have you seen these?
It was written by Frances Hodgson Burnett. It is a romance film. Do you like romance films?
It's a romance novel.
Yes, I can recommend a movie called The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Cursoe of York Mariner
It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
It was released in 2012 and starred Denzel Washington.
It stars Craig T. Nelson as well as a detective movie directed by Steven Spielberg.
I'm not sure what else i can answer, but I can tell you it is starring Leslie Bibb
You're welcome
I don't follow football much, I do know that they are coached by Lovie Smith. Do you like them?
I do. I'm a fan of the Dallas Cowboys. Which team is yours?
I like to watch the Carolina Panthers. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys though. How about you?
I love Linkin Park, my favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
Somewhere I Belong is a book written by Belong. Doesn't that sound interesting to me?
Somewhere I Belong is not popular, I have heard some of their music alot, though.
Yes, I do like American football. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys though. How about you?
Yes they did, they had a good game at the Eagles. They were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLVII, though.
Tom Brady is a great player, I think it was the Patriots' first season.
Sure, In Cold Blood was written by Truman Capote. He also wrote To Kill a Mockingbird, which is a crime fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde or Other Stories?
Yes, it was also based on a true story.
Sure, which genre do you prefer? Fantasy, Comedy or Adventure?
Yes, it stars Chris Pratt. Do you like his movies?
If you like comedies, you might also enjoy Wag the Dog or The Devil's Advocate.
They are in the NBA and owned by Jay-Z. I'm a big fan of them.
Not really, I'm more of a fan of the Dallas Cowboys. What's your favorite team?
Yes, I like football. What about you?
Oh, I didn't know that. Who starred in that film?
She was in the movie Friends with Benefits. She was also in the TV series, The Rules of Attraction.
Ted was released in 2005. It also starred Liam Neeson.
You're welcome!
Sure, he starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen that movie?
Yes, that's right, he was also in The Birdcage.
Yes, that's correct. I didn't know that.
Yes I do, it was written by Orlando Bloom. Do you like the Pirates of the Caribbean because is an adventure movie?
He sure was. He was also in The Good Doctor. Have you seen it?
I'd recommend The Good Doctor. It's a thriller.
Do you like X-Men Origins because it stars Hugh Jackman?
He also starred in Wolverine and X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
I am not sure, but I know Waiting is starring Angela Bassett.
You are very welcome.
Sure, it is a movie written by Joel Coen starring Matt Damon. Would you like to know who starred in it?
Of course, he was also in The People Speak, Push, Nevada. Push, and Push, Nevada.
Well, he's been in some great films, including Matt Damon's most famous for being in The People Speak, and Push, Nevada.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it was directed by Leo Tolstoy. Are you familiar with his work?
He also directed Pretty Little Liars, which is a drama. Have you seen that one?
Confused was released in 2013. The movie is starring Penelope Wilton.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
It was released in Kong and is in the genres of sci-fi and fantasy. Do you enjoy those genres?
It's considered a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Of course, you might like Zoe's Tale, X-Men or World War Z.
Yes, it was released in 2005 and stars Naomi Watts and Charlize Theron.
They are a sports team.
They're pretty good. They're in the NFC East and I grew up watching the Steelers.
That's very interesting. I do know that the Steelers won Super Bowl XL
Sure! Evan Goldberg directed This Is the End, The Interview
The End stars Seth Rogen as well as James Franco. Are you a fan of either?
Yes, Channing Tatum also starred in The White Squall.
He also starred in Pineapple Express, which is a great film!
The Vow also starred Mindy Kaling and Jeanne Tripplehorn.
You're welcome!
Sure! Red Dragon is also a Psychological thriller that is similar to The Silence of the Lambs.
He also starred in Wrath of the Titans and wrath of the Titans.
Enjoy!
Yes, Schindler's List is also a psychological thriller.
Yes, The Lion King was one of my favorite. Have you seen it?
If you like that, you might also enjoy A Woman Named Jackie. Have you seen that one?
No problem, I am happy to help.
Yes, the movie written by Vince Gilligan, starring Will Smith.
He was also in The Pursuit of Happyness, have you seen it?
Shia LaBeouf is a Thriller and it's a Psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
I, Robot is a Action Film that you might like.
Yes, he is a soccer player from Manchester United F.C..
No, I haven't followed Fabrio Capello's coach but i know Fabio Capello was also a midfielder as well.
I have watched highlights and clips on the news. I like Basketball.
That's an excellent suggestion. It stars Harrison Ford. Are you a fan of him?
I have not heard much about BTS, other than they are a K-Pop musician. Are you a fan?
They are both from South Korea and they are a great band. My favorite team is X-Men: First Class.
I'm not sure about that, I don't think so. Is Seoul a pop music team?
Yes, Jason Flemyng starred in Wild Bill, Welcome to the Punch, Viy, The Social Network and many more. Do you have any interest in any of these movies?
It also stars Sean Penn and Josh Brolin. It is a Thriller.
You're welcome.
Your welcome.
I sure can! She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Elie Wiesel.
Un di Velt Hot Geshvign is a non-fiction book released in 1958.
Great! You're welcome.
Well, Hellboy is a Thriller, would you like to know more about this genre?
Hugh Jackman starred in Wolverine. It also starred Hugh Jackman.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Yes I do he is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a forward for Spanish club Barcelona and the Spain national team.
I don't know that information, but he was also a physician from Spain.
No, I do not know about his films. What genre do you like?
I don't have that information at my finger tips but I do know that he is also a musician.
Are you referring to S. Epatha Merkerson who starred in Terminator 2: Judgement Day?
That movie is in the Science Fiction and Psychological Thriller genre.
If you like dramas, you might like The Manchurian Candidate or The Manchurian Candidate as well.
Steven D. Levitt wrote SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling
That's great. Steven D. Dubner also wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything, which was released in 2009.
Yes, I have read Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything, which I recommend.
I don't have any other information on A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything, but I do know he is a writer and author as well.
Edgar Wright wrote The Stand and The War of the Worlds.
Yes science fiction, do you like that genre?
Yes, I love his movies!
I have been a fan since they made it to the movie, Yellow Submarine.
Yes its a great movie starring Denzel Washington and Josh Brolin
Yes I can tell you that he is one of the most popular artists of our time. One of my favorites is X-Men 2.
She wrote Dreams of Gods and Monsters, Inc.
Dreams of Gods & Monsters was released in 2014 starring Clint Eastwood.
My True Love Gave to Me was released in 2014.
You're very welcome!
I have never heard of him. Is he a good player?
Oh, I didn't know that. Who is the coach?
No I haven't seen him but I heard he is a good player.
Quentin Tarantino has starred in some popular movies including Pulp Fiction, Grindhouse and Death Proof.
It was written by M. Zombie and released in 2011. It is a Thriller.
Sure. He also starred in Horton Hears a Who, which is a Thriller.
Sure, Big Fish was written by John August and he also wrote Titan A. E.
He also starred in Hook Ya Crook. Have you seen it?
Yes, he has written many romantic movies. Would you like me to send one of those to you?
You are welcome.
Sure, he starred in Zathura: A Space Adventure. Do you like Adventure films?
Sure, Zambezia has a genre of Thriller, Sci-Fi, Mystery and Comedy. It was directed by David Asimov.
It is a Crime Fiction Film, do you like this genre?
Great, have a good day!
They are actually a basketball team, I'm not a big fan of theirs. I prefer the Dallas Cowboys though. How about you?
That's a great movie. Did you like it because it's a sci-fi movie?
The Taking of Pelham 123 also stars Ramon and is a action movie. He is also in The Guardians of the Galaxy, which is a action film.
It is a sci-fi action film directed by Sergio Leon. If you like sci-fi you might also like X-Men.
Sure! Similar romance novels might be The Fiery Cross or This Lullaby.
Do you like Voyager because it is a romance novel?
Yes, it is also a Romance novel written by Anne Tyler.
Absolutely, have a great day.
She is a tennis player from India. She plays the forward position. Are you a tennis fan?
Not really, I am not a big fan of tennis but I do catch a match from time to time.
Yes, they are very successful at the movie Hair Show!
He starred in Looking for Alaska.
Both are comedy-drama movies.
I don't think so, he was in a movie called The Usual Suspects.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like another book by her?
It was written by Paulo Coelho and is a satire.
She also wrote Confederacy of Dunces which is a satire.
No problem!
Yes, she is a singer. I love her song Jar of Hearts.
I don't know of any of her songs. I do know that she is also a singer.
I'm not sure about that. I do know that it was the same year that Wild Seed was released. Have you heard that one?
You're welcome
He's a good actor. He starred in a movie called Nomad. Are you familiar with that movie?
I do like crime fiction. I would also recommend The Hurt Locker and The Kill Order. Have you seen those?
No, Mark Boal also starred in The Hurt Locker. I think you will enjoy that movie.
Great. I'll add that to your list.
Sure, Rob Riggle starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys.
Yes. Unaccompanied Minors was released in 2012 and also starred Jessica Walter. Do you like her movies?
Of course. Unaccompanied Minors is also a teen film, I would recommend The Fault in Our Stars, which is a comedy.
Yes. I'll add that to your watch list.
Will do.
Yes, he is an author. He wrote Män som hatar kvinnor.
It's a Romance that was produced by Sara Gruen. Would you like to see it?
He was also in The Three Musketeers. It's a Romance and Historical novel.
Yes, it was written by cyrus Nowrasteh and starred Tom Hanks.
Yes, it was directed by Leo Tolstoy and was released in 1843.
I'm not sure, but Leo wrote Tolstoy was also an adaptation. I do know that based on his books.
Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I can. My favorite book is The Mists of Avalon, which is written by Stephanie Meyer. Do you like her work?
Yes she did. My apologies. She also wrote The Chemist.
You are welcome.
It stars Justin Timberlake and Steve Buscemi and is considered a Biographical film.
Yes, Holden Scott starred in The Social Network as well as Holden Scott.
Absolutely, have a great day and enjoy
Enjoy!
Sure, he is a writer who wrote the biography David Copperfield. Are you a fan?
Jeremy Tambling was best known for his novel in the Science Fiction genre like Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade.
Yes, Zadie Smith is a great writer. I would recommend A Midsummer Night's Dream by William Shakespeare.
John Carpenter directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13. Do either of those sound interesting?
It is a science fiction film directed by John Carpenter, released in 2011. It has the genres science fiction and children's literature.
Yes it is! I'll have to check it out whenever you want.
Escape from New York is a horror film.
Sure, do you like the author J.R.R.R. Tolkien? He also wrote The Hobbit.
It was also written by J. D. Salinger
He also wrote Lord of the Rings: The Curse of the Black Pearl
Sure, you can try V for Vendetta, The Matrix Revisited, The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski and stars Keanu Reeves and Laurence Fishburne.
Michael Gaston starred in Inception. Would you like more information about him?
A Wrinkle in Time is a science fantasy novel written by Madeleine L'Engle. It's part of a series written by Madeleine L'Engle. Do you like science fiction?
Then you might enjoy the next book in the series, A Wind in the Door. Have you read it?
Yes. It was written by Melissa Marr. Are you interested in any other science fiction novels?
You might enjoy the Witch of Blackbird Pond by Elizabeth George Speare.
I'm not sure about that. I'm sorry.
You're welcome.
Yes, Ayush Mahesh Khedkar starred in Slumdog Millionaire.
Slumdog Millionaire is a drama. Do you like dramas?
It was released in 2011.
Your welcome.
I know he wrote The Hobbit: The Escape from New York and The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey.
Aidan Turner also starred in The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones
It is a fantasy.
The Golden Compass
The Golden Compass directed by Chris Weitz
Do you like this author because it's a fantasy?
Zoe's Tale is a great book written by John Scalzi and was made into a movie.
It is! The Last Colony was written by John Scalzi and was made into a movie based on Zoe's Tale.
The only information I have on The Goldfinch is related to a novel written by Donna Tartt and released in 2013. The film was released in 2013.
Yes she did. She was also the author of the movie The Little Friend. Are you a fan of the book?
Yes she did and she also wrote The Little Friend and The Goldfinch
Yes, Dinna Tarrt was born in Austin, Texas and is in the United States of America.
You are welcome!
Me Before You was written by Jojo Moyes. Do you like the author Jojo Moyes?
It was also written by Jojo Moyes, and she also wrote The Ship of Brides.
Hope you enjoy them.
Yes, it was written by John Green and is young adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Did you know that was made into a movie?
What about The Fault in Our Stars? Did you know it was produced by John Green?
If you like young-adult fiction, I would recommend The Fault in Our Stars.
F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Great Gatsby.
I can recommend a similar novel called The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote the movie Deadpool. Have you seen it?
The Black Hat is a mystery starring Matt Damon. Do you like mystery films?
The Black Hat is a horror movie released in 2015 starring Tim Miller
You are welcome.
Sure! Pan's Labyrinth was written by Guillermo del Toro and is a Speculative fiction novel written by Guillermo del Toro.
Yes, it is a Spanish film.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
The Golden Compass is a good fantasy movie in the same genre as Pan's Labyrinth.
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. He wrote The Water is Wide, The Prince of Tides and The Lords of Tides.
That's good, did you know he also starred in a movie called Lord of Rings?
Yes it was, Michael York also wrote a version of the Vampire Chronicles
Yes, I like fredéric Mugler. He wrote  which was released 750.
I haven't seen it but I heard it was a great movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
I haven't seen the movie Godfather Part II, starring Al Pacino.
The actor Robert Duvall also stars in The Apostle.
Definitely, Sean Penn wrote it and it was also written by Sean Penn. Do you like Sean Penn?
Yes, Sean Penn wrote The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie, starring Clint Eastwood.
I recommend True Grit and The Hunt for Red October. Both great movies by Sean Penn.
Would you like to know more about Garth Williams' writter?
Tom Hooper directed The Damned United, The King's Speech, and Les Miserables. Do you like his movies?
Sure, Les Miserables is one of his most popular pieces of work that he has starred in. The Invisible Man is another one as well.
Glad I could help.
I like his song Marry You. What about you?
I haven't heard of her. Is she a singer?
I've always been a fan of hers. I'm a big fan of Kyla Pratt. What about you? Do you like her music?
Yes, I've been listening to her music so much!
The coach is Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
The coach is Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
I am not sure about that. Do you follow soccer?
I haven't read many in The Maze Runner series, but I do know that The Maze Runner is starring James Nesbitt
I do not have information on that.
Your welcome.
Yes, a great book I can recommend by Roy is The God of Small Things. Have you heard of it?
It's a Non-fiction novel written in English
Yes it was directed by Ang Lee, have you seen it?
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
Yes, it was written by Sue Monk Kidd and is a fiction. Do you like that genre?
It was written by Sue Monk Kidd and is in the genre of Speculative fiction and fantasy.
it was released in 2012 and the genre is speculative fiction
She wrote Dracula. Have you read that one?
Nina Auerbach wrote Insomnia, The Invisible Man, The Valley of Horses, The Invisible Man.
Well, I have a couple different authors. The Invisible Man and The House of Seven Gables are also similar.
You are welcome.
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring is written by J.R.R. Tolkien. what else can i do for you?
I recommend The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
Anything else I can help you with?
They're coached by Gary Kubiak and owned by Bob McNair. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan.
Yeah, my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys though. How about you?
Yeah, he's a great owner. I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. Are you a Dallas Cowboys fan?
Well it appears that he acted in Troy the movie. Is this what you would like to know?
Matthew McConaughey and Frank McCourt also star in it. Do you like them?
It came out in 1847.
Sure! Wuthering Heights was released in 1847 and was written by Emily Bronte. It's a great movie!
Pearl S Buck wrote The Good Earth. Did you know she was also a teacher?
It was released in 1939 which is the same year that The Good Earth was released. I highly recommend it.
I also like The Waves which is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Enjoy!
Yes, I am a big fan of Serena Williams. Do you like her?
No, I haven't heard much of her music. Did you know she is also a model?
Oh, I see. That's pretty cool. What is your favorite sport?
Oh, I didn't know that! Is he a good player?
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
It also was also released in 1989. Do you have a preference in genre?
You're very welcome!
Enjoy!
Sure, do you like Fantasy or Action movies?
Yes he is the writer of X-Men 2
Incident at Loch Ness in 2010
Your Welcome
Sure, Stupid Love was written by Dan Fogelman who also wrote Zombieland.
If you like romance films, you might also enjoy X-Men Origins:Wolverine.
You're welcome. I'm happy to help.
Sure! He wrote Cycle of the Werewolf, The Stand, and The Stand. Have you read any of those?
That's a great one. He is from France.
The Dead Zone is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I'm sorry, I don't have information on that one.
Forrest Gump starring Tom Hanks was a great movie.
Tom Hanks starred in the movie The Fugitive. It also starred Tom Hanks.
Most of them are considered the Simpsons movies were written by John Cleese, and Tom Hanks stars in the movies The Simpsons.
Enjoy!
Happy to help!
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets written by J.K. Rowling?
It has a genre of Thriller and Mystery.
It stars Penelope Cruz and Tom Hardy. It's also considered a thriller.
I have not really watched them much but I heard they were a good team. Who do you root for?
It's about the Seahawks if you haven't seen it. It's about Pete Carroll's life as well.
Do you like the Seattle Seahawks?
It was written by Jerry Spinelli who also wrote Milkweed and it was released in 2000.
Sure. She also wrote Milkweed and Maniac Magee, which is a Young-adult fiction.
You're welcome!
I think he is a very good tennis player but I think he lost to Rafael Nadal. Do you like him?
That's right. The only one I know of at Nadal is Number 6. It's #10 on the WTA Tour.
I agree. Have you watched the match?
I don't have any information on that author but I can tell you that she wrote a book called Memento.
J.K. Rowlings is the author of the Harry Potter series.
Sure, it was written by Liane Moriarty and released in 2009. Do you like her work?
Yes that is correct. It was released in 2014. She also wrote Three Wishes and The Last Anniversary. Have you read those books?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it.
I think they are a pretty good team, I really like their coach Jason Garrett. Are you a fan?
My favorite team is the Cowboys though. My favorite is the Broncos. Are you a fan of them?
They seem to be having a good season but they haven't win a lot of Super Bowls right now.
my favorite team is the Redskins
Yes! X-Men 2. Are you interested in X-Men 2.
There is X-Men 2 written by Stan Lee who also starred in The Usual Suspects.
The Incredible Hulk stars William Hurt and Ty Burrell.
Yes I would recommend The Hiding Place written by Elizabeth Sherrill. Have you read that one yet?
It's a self help book. It was released in 1960 and is in the Psychological thriller genre.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Noah Emmerich starred in Windtalkers. what else can i do for you?
Yes, you might also like The Matrix Revolutions if you like Martial Arts.
Ok. Hope you enjoy.
OK. Have a great day!
Phil Lord directed 22 Jump Street, have you seen that one?
Both Seth Rogan and Channing Tatum star in 22 Jump Street.
He was also in White House Down, which is a comedy.
You're welcome.
It was written by Sean Penn and stars Sean Penn. It is a biographical film.
Yes, I would also recommend that you check out True Grit and The Hunt for Red October.
Yes, that's correct. No Strings Attached was released in 2008.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like it because it's a Sci-Fi movie?
Then you might enjoy Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back.
Zombieland is starring Jack Nicholson, Bill Murray and Jack Nicholson. It is a Science Fiction action film, do you like those?
I don't know when it was released, but I do know he also starred in Deep Blue Sea
Sure! Anita Diamant wrote The Red Tent, The Last Days of Dogtown, and The Boston Girl. Have you read any of these?
Yes, I also read A Thousand Splendid Suns and The Invisible Man. Have you read either of those?
You're welcome!
That's a great book written by Nacy Bond. It is also a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The King of Attolia is written by Rick Riordan. It's a Children's literature, do you enjoy that genre?
I would recommend Witches Abroad and Wizard's First Rule. Both are very good.
Yes, A Farewell to Arms is written by Ernest Hemingway. Do you like Hemingway?
You might like To Kill a Mockingbird, or To Kill a Mockingbird. Have you read those?
To Have and Have Not was also written by Anne Tyler, it is a Romance novel.
Sure, Groundhog Day was written by Harold Ramis and starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Romantic Fantasy movies?
Miley Cyrus starred in Year One.
Yes he was also in Ghostbusters
Your welcome
I love Linkin Park, my favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
It's a sci-fi action film, do you like action films?
It is a sci-fi movie, and so is X-Men. Would you like those?
Yes, it is good. The sequel is X-Men: First Class. Have you seen that one?
I don't think so, I know she was also in The Wedding Date. Have you seen that movie?
Sure, he wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories.
I do not have information on it, but I can recommend other movies like The Chronicles of Narnia and The Lion King.
I do not have that information, but I can tell you he is a comedian.
You're welcome
The Ocean at the End of the Lane by Neil Gaiman? Do you like Neil Gainman?
The Murderer's Daughter was written by Neil Gaiman and was released in 2013.
Great, I hope you enjoy it.
Joel Coen is starring in No Country for Old Men.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that actor.
I'm sorry, I do not have that information.
Did you enjoy it because it was a science fiction movie?
It is a romantic comedy. It also stars Rob Lowe.
No, it also stars Robert Duvall. Have you seen him?
Enjoy!
Me Before You was written by Jojo Moyes.
Jojo Moyes also wrote The Ship of Brides and The One Plus One.
Enjoy.
Yes, he's a great author! He wrote The Comte de Monte-Cristo.
Yes, he was the author of the book The Count of Monte Cristo. Are you a fan of French literature?
Other books from 1844 by Monte Cristo are; The Voyage of the Dawn Treader, The Waves, and The Sea of Monsters.
You are welcome!
Sure! He wrote The Little Friend. It was made into a movie. Have you read it?
Yes, that is a great movie starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to hear more about the movie?
Yes I have. Do you like Peter Capaldi because it is a thriller?
Enjoy!
Well, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
No there is a sequel. It is written by Katherine Paterson.
You're welcome!
If you like Hunger Games, you might also like Catching Fire.
Shark Night is starring Katharine McPhee.
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt and Dustin Milligan.
I know he wrote Walking Disaster, have you read it?
I do not have that information right now, but Walking Disaster is in English. It was released in 2015
Yes I do, Walking Disaster is a Mystery by Jamie McGuire.
You are welcome!
Sure, I love that movie. It was written by Lana Wachowski and stars Keanu Reeves and Laurence Fishburne. Do you like her movies?
Then you'll like The Matrix. The Matrix Revolutions also starring Keanu Reeves.
The Matrix Revolutions also stars Keanu Reeves and Matthew McConaughey.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about her, but I heard she composed The Wildest Dream.
Yes, she did win the MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year.
Yes, she is on the bucket list as well. I am going to add her to my bucket list.
Sorry, I don't know about her. What genre are you interested in?
Well, if you like romance then you'll like Beautiful Creatures.
I'm not sure about that one, but it was directed by Lana Wachowski who also directed Speed Racer.
Sure! Do you like Romance and Historical fiction genre?
You might enjoy Vampire Academy: The Graphic Novel by Richelle Mead because it was also a novel.
It was also written by Richelle Mead and it was released in 2011. It is considered a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
Yes, also written by Richelle Mead
Would you like more from the Mission Impossible series or other action movies?
I haven't seen it but I heard it was very good in that movie. Do you like it because it's a Fantasy?
Perhaps you would like The Lego Movie, it was directed by Will Ferrell, as well as starred Morgan Freeman.
I'm not sure about that one, but Will Ferrell was in Ocean's Eleven. He was also in the movie, Waiting to Exhale.
I hope you enjoy it!
Tom Skerritt starred in Ted, which is a Romantic Comedy.
Ted Danson is a romantic comedy. It also stars Seth Rogan and Mark Wahlberg.
You're welcome!
Sure, he wrote the Mists of Avalon which was released in 1877. It's a speculative fiction novel.
Yes, it was also released in 1818 by Percy Bysshe Shelley.
Yes they are, they are all written in English.
Yes, he wrote Zig Zag. Would you like to hear more about his books?
It was released in 1856, and is considered a Romance. Do you like Romance?
Yes, she did write Madame Bovary, which is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
I know they are part of the NFL. They are in the NFC South
The Dallas Cowboys are a professional American football team based in the Dallas Cowboys. I love the Dallas Cowboys though.
I like basketball as well. Have you ever seen a game live in person?
Yes, Toy Story is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like his movies?
Toy Story 3 and Tom Hanks are in it, too.
It's a very good movie!
Yes, will do!
Blake Griffin is a basketball player. Are you a fan of the team?
I see. I'm not a big fan of Basketball but I like to watch it most sports. I like Basketball. How about you?
I like to watch college baseball, I'm a big fan of baseball. What about you?
Blade Runner is a science fiction book written by Michael Fassbender. It was released in 2011.
William Sanderson also stars in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Infinite Jest.
I agree, it's very entertaining. It also has a lot of action in it.
Bood Diamond was starring Tim Blake Nelson and Natasha Gregson Wagner.
I didn't know that. It was produced by F. Scott Fitzgerald, but I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
I recommend "The Wolf of Wall Street" if you haven't seen it already.
Sure. He was in Match Point. Have you seen that one?
It's considered a Thriller.
The Way is a Psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Yes, Law Abiding Citizen is starring F. Gary Gary who directed The Italian Job which you might like.
Well Roger Bart also starred in Lawnmower Man which is a psychological thriller. Have you seen that movie?
You might enjoy Water for Elephants which is a similar crime fiction.
Did you like the movie because it was a Sci-Fi movie?
The Farthest Shore is a science fiction movie by Philip Pullman.
You're welcome
Yes, I am a huge fan of hers. I like the song Tiny Dancer, how about you?
I don't know of any of her songs, but I do know that she has a very good voice. She's also a regular on the show The Voice.
I don't know too much about her but I do know that she is friends with Taylor Swift and Selena Gomez.
Sure. He wrote The Three Musketeers. Are you familiar with that one?
It's a paranormal romance. Do you like that genre?
Yes, but I'm not sure about the book. I personally read the book and read the book.
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Summer (of You and Me)
It is fiction.
Anita Diamant also wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Downtown
You're welcome
Yes, The Untouchables is starring Sean Connery who also starred in The Wind and the Lion.
Another mafia movie is The Untouchables. Have you seen it?
It is a good movie, written by Francis Ford Coppola.
It was a great movie, starring Denzel Washington and James Russo.
You're welcome!
No, I have not. Do you mean the Science-Fiction written by Preston and directed by Roland Emmerich
It is a Sci-Fi genre. Do you like those kind of movies?
Yes have you seen Sence of the Lambs? its a great Drama/ History movie
It is starred by Neal Stephenson and Amanda Stewart and it is a suspense film
You are welcome!
Sure, she wrote Beautiful Redemption and Beautiful Darkness, have you read these?
It's considered a Romance. Do you like Romance?
I'm not sure about that. I do know that it was made into a movie.
Glad to help, enjoy!
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time is a Fantasy. Do you like Fantasy movies?
The Golden Compass starring Robert De Niro might be a good fantasy movie.
It's a great movie. It was directed by J.K. Rowling. Do you like his movies?
You're welcome.
Sure, that was written by Sophie Kinsella and released in 2005, in the English language.
I can't find any information on that, but I can find some other books by her, such as Twenties Girl
I'm not sure, but I can recommend other comedies, such as The Undomestic Goddess.
You're welcome!
She wrote Graceling, Fire, Bitterblue, and Bitterblue. Have you read any of these?
Yes, it is a Romance. Do you like romance novels?
It is written by Alonzo Mourning
Absolutely!
I have read A Tree Grows In Brooklyn by her.
I am not sure but I know it was released in 1943
Yes it was also written in English
I am not a huge fan of football. I prefer American Football. How about you?
Oh, I didn't know that. What team do you follow?
I am not a fan of baseball but I have watched a few games like the Washington Reds. Who is your favorite?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. What is yours?
Yes, he is a director. He directed Zodiac, The Social Network and The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo. Do you like his movies?
No, I haven't seen it, but I heard it was a very good movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, he's a great director. He's been in quite a few films, including Wide Sargasso Sea and The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo.
Yes i do one of them is Shackleton which is an action film.
James McNair and Kenneth Branagh also star in Shackleton.
It came out in 2012.
He wrote Lord of the Flies which it is a Science Fiction. Have you read it?
He wrote in the genre of speculative fiction and science fiction.
Yes, if you like fantasy you'll like Shark Night.
You are welcome.
Sure, she wrote I am Malala: The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban.
I would also recommend The Truth About Forever, which was released in 2011. It is also a very good read.
You're very welcome!
Stan Lee is the main actor in the film.
Yes he is. Emma Stone also stars in The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and Furfield.
Yes, Rashida Jones did. Did you know she also starred in The Social Network?
You are welcome!
Yes, Chinua Achebe is known for The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Cursoe of York Mariner
Have you read Wrath of the Titans or the Titan's Curse?
No I haven't seen that movie. I did enjoy it.
You are welcome have a good day.
Sure, do you like Quentin Tarantino movies?
Yes, he was also in it.
Your welcome
Sure, Mitch Alborn wrote The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you read that one yet?
Tuesdays with Morrie has genres Memoir and Philosophy
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre in Speculative fiction and Science Fiction.
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski, who also wrote V for Vendetta, starring Keanu Reeves. Would you like more movies by her?
It stars Keanu Reeves and Laurence Fishburne. Have you seen it?
I really like that movie, it stars Matt Damon and I like that it is a romantic comedy. Do you like romance films?
Yes, I like Echoes of Silence too. He's a very talented player too.
It looks like it was the same year that they made it to the movie The Weeknd
I do! It's a mystery, written by John Grisham. Are you familiar with his work?
If you like suspense you should also check out The Pelican Brief or The Firm.
It was released in 1987. It is a mystery and also a suspense novel.
I would highly recommend The Rum Diary by Jeffery Deaver. It is definitely one of my favorites.
Yes. It is also available in English and is also in the English language.
You're welcome.
It was released in 1960. Another book written by Dr. Seuss is The Cat in the Hat.
The Cat in the Hat is another popular one by Dr. Seuss.
Yertle the Turtle and There's a Wocket in My Pocket are both great books by Seuss.
You're welcome.
Yes, I love his song Remember Me. Do you have a favorite song of his?
I do not know. I like Maroon 5 because he is a great singer. Do you like his music?
Yes I do. The X Factor is a comedy starring Ryan Reynolds. Do you like his acting?
He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
Yes, it's science fiction. Do you like that genre?
I'm always happy to help!
The Tragedy of Othello, The Moor of Venice is written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his writings?
He also wrote Romeo and Juliet, A Midsummer Night's Dream, and A Midsummer Night's Dream.
The Golden Compass is a fantasy novel by J.K. Rowling.
You're welcome.
Anthony Hopkins starred in The Edge. Would you like to hear more of his movies?
Anthony Hopkins also starred in The Scarlet Letter
I do not have that information at the moment.
Anthony Hopkins starred in Vanishing Acts
your welcome
I like Wizard and Glass and The Sandman: Endless Nights too. Are you a fan of horror films?
Yes, that's right, he did. The Absolute Sandman was also written by Dave McKean.
I don't know that information, but I do know that he was influenced by Peter Hyams.
Yes, it is considered children's literature in speculative fiction and science fiction.
You're very welcome!
It is a romance and stars Scarlett Johansson. Do you like romance films?
It's a comedy starring Scarlett Johansson. She's also in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
Great! Anything else I can help with?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
I'm glad I could help!
You're welcome!
Yes, it stars Vivica A. Fox and David Carradine and is a Thriller. Do you like those movies?
Vivica A. Fox was also in Pulp Fiction and Grindhouse. Would you like to see either of those?
Yes, he is. Did you know Uma Thurman starred in Pulp Fiction as well?
They are a pretty good team. My favorite team is the steelers though. How about you?
I don't know much about him other than he is a Philadelphia Eagles fan. Do you like him?
Well I do not think so, I do know that Bud Adams was influenced by the Washington Nationals.
Robert Duvall starred in The Apostle. It is a Romance. Do you like Romance?
Yes, he also wrote The Apostle. Did you know he also starred in A Christmas Carol?
Of course, some in the Indie genres include The Last Colony and The Narrows.
Yes, I do! She is a lovely singer. She sings a tv role in A Thousand Years. Do you like her?
no i didnt know that. do you like her?
yea hes a good one. do you like basketball?
that's great! Who's your favorite player?
Isn't he married to Cameron Diaz who starred in Shrek 2?
Isn't he married to Cameron Diaz who starred in Shrek 2?
Isn't he a good one? I do not know much about him
Yes, The Fellowship of the Ring was written by J.R.R. Tolkien and is based on the book.
I haven't seen that one. I just know he was in The Good Doctor.
Yes, Christopher Lee was also in The Shawshank Redemption and The Mist.
The Battle of Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan, the next book in the series is The Titan's Curse.
Yes, The Blood of Olympus. Would you like me to send it to you?
Well, Then you'll love The Blood of Olympus. It's a great speculative fiction novel written by Neal Stephenson.
You're welcome!
He directed The Simpson's movie that starred Tom Hanks
Yes, he also directed The Simpsons Movie. He also directed The Legend of Tarzan.
Then you'll like The Simpsons Movie. He also directed The Princess and the Frog.
Enjoy!
Jennifer L. Armentrout wrote many books including Wicked and White Hot Kiss. Sound interesting?
Yes, Wicked was also a play written by Christopher Paolini.
No, I do not know, but I do know that she wrote Wicked was released in 2014 and is in English.
You're welcome.
Yes, I do. He wrote The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Cursoe of York Mariner.
Braveheart also stars Thomas Lennon and J.K. Simmons.
It was released in 2013.
You're welcome.
I do! He wrote Number of the Beast. Do you like dramas?
It is in the English language and is also written by Cassandra Clare.
The Bone Clocks was written in English and is considered a fantasy. Do you like fantasy novels?
No problem.
Sure. He directed Super with Rob Zombie and Snoop Dogg. Have you seen those movies?
Super stars Seth Rogan and Kevin Bacon.
He also starred in Wrath of the Titans, which is a romantic comedy.
I hope you enjoy them.
Paul Werstine wrote The Merchant of Venice and The Merchant of Venice. Would you like to know more about either?
Yes, it was released in 1606.
Yes, High Drama was written by John Grisham. Have you seen it?
Elysium is a thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like thrillers?
I haven't seen it before but I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the info!
No I haven't seen him but I'll check it out.
If you like that one, you might also enjoy Gravity: Inception.
I have a good one!
I am not sure about his last album. I know he composed for but I can tell you he is a singer, too.
I'm not sure if that's the case, but I do know that The Thrill of It was also released in 2016.
I'm not a huge fan of his, but I do know that he has a lot of contemporary artists like Clint Eastwood.
I like them too. My favorite band is Garth Brooks. How about you?
Yes, I do. He wrote рестуление и накаание and диотание.
It was released in 1897
Its a fiction genre
I know that he is a Brazilian jiu-jitsu champion?
No, I don't know anything else about him. What sport does he play?
I'm not sure, but I would like to know anything else about Miesha Tate, would you like to know?
He wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
He also wrote The Universe in a Nutshell. Would you like to know more about this?
It has a great cast. The film is based on a novel by John Scalzi. Would you like me to add it to your favorites?
Have a great day!
I like his song New Perspective! What about you?
That's a great book that was written by Frances Mayes. Would you like more books by this author?
Yes, it was released in 2005.
Under Magnolia was released in 2001.
Brad Garrett has starred in The Pacifier, The Country Bears, The Cuckoo's Calling and The Pacifier.
The Pacifier is a biographical film and action film, starring Vin Diesel.
Underdog is a biographical film and action film. The Pacifier is a Thriller.
You're welcome!
City of God is a crime movie. Do you enjoy crime movies?
The Escapist is starring Lee Unkrich and is a thriller.
Yes. He also starred in The Escapist.
Sure, he wrote Thirteen Reasons Why and The Future of Us. Do either of those interest you?
Yes, he also wrote a similar book called Before I Go to Sleep.
Of course. Other young adult fiction examples would be Wildwood Dancing and When You Reach Me. Do either of those interest you?
It was released in 1981.
Hope you enjoy it!
City of Lost souls is written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
The Mortal Instruments was released in 2004.
The Other Boleyn Girl was also released that year. Have you read that one?
You are very welcome. Have a great day!
Sure! The Historian is a great suspense thriller written by Elizabeth Kostova. It was released in 2002. It is a film starring Tom Cruise.
If you like suspense, you might also like The Last Colony. It is written by William Steig.
I highly recommend it. It is a Thriller written by Rick Riordan. It is a Thriller.
You're welcome.
The Messenger is a similar one
Did you like it because it was a Romance?
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Mists of Avalon which is a Romance film.
It's a comedy-drama film.
You are welcome!
Sure. Didn't that movie star Robert Downey Jr.? Do you like his movies?
The Ghost is a Mystery and the Darkness is a Crime Fiction
Yes, he starred in that one as well.
You are welcome.
Sure, Rupert Sanders directed Snow White and the Huntsman. Have you seen that?
Yes she did, she was also in it, do you like her movies?
My apologies, they also wrote Lord of the Flies which I do not have that information.
Your welcome.
I know that The Son of Neptune is a Greek mythology novel by Rick Riordan
Did you know that it's part of the series? The book was released in 2004?
You're welcome!
I don't really follow music, but I do like Echoes of Silence and the song The Weeknd.
The Muppets is a great movie, I think Selena Gomez also starred in Princess Protection Program and Ramona and Her Father.
I like that movie too, I think Selena Gomez was in What Happens in Vegas too.
I love her! Did you know she was in Men in Black 3?
I like Will Smith too! He's also in Mystic River as well.
Yes, he was also in it. He was also in Zoolander as well. Have you seen that one?
Sure, he wrote Terms of Endearment. Have you read that one?
I also like As Good as It Gets. Have you seen X-Men 2?
Yes Man is a great movie by L. Brooks starring Morgan Freeman.
Sure, Evan Goldberg directed The Pursuit of Happyness and The Interview. Have you seen either of those?
Great! Have a great day!
Yes, it does have the genre for this movie and it's a fantasy.
Enjoy!
Yes, John G. Avildsen wrote The Matrix Revolutions and The Devil Wears Prada. Have you read those?
Yes, To Kill a Mockingbird and The Manchurian Candidate might be a fit for that genre.
The Last Dragon stars Tika Sumpter and Thomas Lennon.
Yes, she is a writer as well as a director.
You are welcome!
If you like Harry Potter, you might also like The Chronicles of Narnia series written by J.K. Rowling.
The Queen of Attolia is Science Fiction
No I do not sorry
There are 4 parts, but the last one was released in 2016
Yes, I have heard of this movie. It is directed by J.K. Rowling
You are welcome
The Clan of the Cave Bear was written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
Have you read The Clan of the Cave Bear? I highly recommend it.
The Shelters of Stone was written by Terry Pratchett and was released in 1993. It is a historical novel, and was made into a movie.
Yes, Zoe's Tale is a great book written by John Scalzi and was released in 2008.
You're very welcome!
Derek Jacobi starred in a number of movies, including Unfortunate Events, The Social Network and The Iliad.
Unforgivable Blackness also starred Daniel Day-Lewis and Damon Wayans Jr.
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Twilight series as well.
Yes, that's correct.
Yes, Gautam Gambhir is an Indian cricketer, who played all formats of the game.
No I don't. I am more of a baseball fan. What sports do you like?
I do like tennis. I like Serena Williams. How about you?
What sport do you like?
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
That's a good movie. I saw Bill Murray on Space Jam a long ago. It was really good.
I haven't see that one. I think Ivan Reitman directed and produced Ghostbusters too.
I disagree. I'm not a fan of the Denver Broncos. I think they're having a good season this year. Who do you think is doing?
It was written by Rick Riordan, it is a young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
It is a Fantasy. Do you like that genre?
I recommend The Lightning Thief, The Last Olympian written by Rick Riordan
Have you read The Curious Case of Benjamin Button?
It was originally published in 1867, the same year that The Curious Case of Benjamin Button was released. Have you read it?
He has also written The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Great Gatsby, have you read those?
You are very welcome!
Michael Crichton wrote a book called Disclosure that you may like.
Yes! Crichton has also written a book called Disclosure that you may like.
Its about Robin Cook as a writer and a television producer. It's about a triller.
You're welcome.
A couple of my favorites are The Incredibles and Ratatouille. Do you like them?
Yes he did. Jason Lee also starred in The Wicker Man.
You're welcome!
Great Expectations: Pip's Name and Going Astray: Dickens and London.
Yes, it is a biography. Do you like biography?
Sorry, I do not have anything else on this topic
Yes, I can. Ed Sheeran has also starred in The Bounty Hunter which is a Romance film. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it was a song written by Ed Sheeran. Are you a fan?
I don't know a song by him, but I heard he is very popular in the 90's
It's a Science Fiction novel written by Kurt Vonnegut. Do you like science fiction novels?
Siddhartha was written by Hermann Hesse. Would you like books by Hesse?
The Thief of Always was written by John Steinbeck. Would you like to know more about this author?
The Thief of Alligator was also written by Clive Barker.
Enjoy!
Yes, I like it too. I also like Orlando Bloom a lot. Do you like Fantasy movies?
Then you might also like Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
I haven't heard of that one. I will have to check it out.
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes is part of a series written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Do you like this author?
He has also written The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes. Would you like to know more about this book?
The Memoir of Sherlock Holmes is a detective fiction. Do you like detective fiction?
It is a Detective fiction. The Memoir of Sherlock Holmes was released in 1899.
Yes, The Girl on the Train was written by Paula Hawkins. Are you a fan?
The Girl on the Train was written by Reese Witherspoon. It was released in 2012
Yes, The Girl on the Train was also filmed in Mexico.
I'm not familiar with his music but I know he is very talented. I like the song Milk and Honey. Do you like his music?
I do like her fathers music. Didn't she star in a movie called The Muppets?
I do! I loved her in Elf!! Doesn't she sings or acts too?
I do! He's a great director! He directed The Cuckoo's Calling and The Bourne Identity. Are you familiar with those?
Yes, Nora Dunn starred in it. Do you like dramas?
A similar one is The Fiery Cross.
You're welcome.
Sure, it was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995. It is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance?
Yes, Billie Letts also wrote The Crucible.
Yes, it is considered a drama.
Yes, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde?
You're very welcome!
Mark Margolis starred in The Wrestler, The Fountain, and The Fountain. Have you seen any of those films?
Yes, Marisa Tomei starred in The Wrestler.
Yes, she starred in The Wrestler with Joseph Gordon-Levitt.
Yes, it is a very good movie. I think you will enjoy it.
You are very welcome!
He directed Legend of Tarzan and Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. Do you like dramas?
He has also starred in Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, which is considered a historical drama. Do you like that genre?
You're very welcome!
Sure, he wrote The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. That's a great book.
Yes, The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is also a good one.
Enjoy!
Yes, Stefan Kapicic starred in Deadpool. Are you interested in his movies?
Matt Damon and Stefan Kapicic also star in Deadpool. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
It is a great movie, with a lot of action in it.
Sure, do you like J. K. Rowling's work?
J. K. Rowling also wrote Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone
Sure, she wrote We Were Liars, The Disreputable History of Frankie Landaue-Banks, and The Subtle Knife. Have you read any of those?
Yes, it is in English. Did you know that author is also a scientist?
Enjoy your readings.
Interstellar starred Matthew McConaughey and is a Sci-Fi. Do you like these genres?
Another great Sci-Fi movie is X-Men: First Class. Have you seen that one?
Another one you might enjoy is Zathura: A Space Adventure. Have you seen that one?
It stars Xzibit and X-Men Apocalypse
Great, I would also recommend Zombieland if you like sci-fi.
I'm not a huge fan of country but I like his song We Rode in Trucks.
It's a pop music. Do you like country?
It's a pop music. I'm not sure if that's my case.
He directed Equilibrium a thriller and Law Abiding Citizen starring Hilary Swank
Yes, they're great. The Prestige is also directed by Kurt Wimmer. Have you seen it?
I haven't seen anything that she's done so far, is there a specific film you want to see?
Enjoy!
He is the writer of The Invisible Man. Have you heard of that one?
Sidney also wrote Through the Looking Glass and The Universe for Love.
It is crime fiction.
Do you like The Selection because it is written by Kiera Cass or because it is a Young-adult fiction?
Sure, she wrote The Siren, The Prince, and The Prince. Have you read any of these?
Hope you enjoy!
Have a great day
He wrote Waking Life, which stars Ethan Hawke.
Yes, it is a Romance. Do you like Romance?
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy.
Rich Moore directed Wreck It Ralph. Do you like animation films?
The Fault in Our Stars was written by John Green. Do you like young-adult fiction?
John Green also wrote Paper Towns.
How about Paper Towns?
I am glad I could help.
Yes, that was directed by Matt Damon. Are you familiar with his work?
He did. He also directed The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. Have you seen that one?
Yes, that's correct. He was also in The Pelican Brief and The Matrix Reloaded. Would you like to know more about the movie?
There was also a great movie by him called The Truth About Forever. It was also a very popular movie.
He wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames and When You Are Engulfed in Flames. Are you familiar with those?
He is also a director. He directed When You Are Engulfed in Flames and was released in SantaLand Diaries. Are you a fan of both?
They both were written by O'Connor. I haven't read that one yet, I will check it out
It was written by E. Lockhart in 2014.
He also wrote The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks, which was released in 2008. It's a novel.
It's a fictional short story. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote Thirteen Moons which is a Historical novel. Do you like that genre?
Thirteen Moons has the genre of Speculative fiction.
Thirteen Moons was written by Richard Condon.
You're welcome.
I have not heard much about BTS, other than they are a K-Pop musician. Are you a fan?
My favorite song of his is Don't Mess with the Zohan, the songs are catchy. Do you know that one?
Scott O'Dell starred in Island of the Blue Dolphins starring Jim Carrey. Have you seen it?
He wrote Island of the Blue Dolphins which is a novel that was released in 1960.
Yes, he wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
He is a table tennis player from China. Are you a fan?
Yes, he did participate in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
No problem. Can I help you with anything else?
It is written by B.M. Mooyaart-Doubleday and was released in 14 juni 1942 - 1 augustus 1944,
It is in English.
I don't know a whole lot about Eleanor Roosevelt, but I do know she was married to Franklin D. Roosevelt.
You're welcome!
That was written by Nicholas Pileggi and Martin Scorsese. It stars Vincent Pastore and Vincent Gallo.
Goodfellas is starring Daniel Radcliffe. Do you like Daniel Radcliffe?
Do you like Robert De Niro because it is a thriller?
What Just Happened starred Robert DeNiro and Julia Roberts.
Yes, it is written by Art Linson.
you are welcome!
Do you like it because it's a thriller?
Beneath stars in the movie, Joss Whedon stars in the movie.
1999 to be exact
You are welcome.
The Boston Celtics is a Basketball team coached by Doc Rivers and Brad Stevens. Do you like Basketball?
I do, actually! My favorite team is the Chicago Bears. Do you have a favorite team?
I do not watch it. To be honest I am a Lakers fan and my favorite team is the Lakers. What is yours?
Oh my gosh, that's a good one. I have never heard of him, I should definitely check it out.
Yes, he starred in the movie The Pianist.
Yes that is true he was also in The Mists of Avalon
I haven't seen it but I know he directed The Messenger which is an action movie
She wrote Tuck Everlasting. I bet you would like it.
Yes, Tuck Everlasting is a romance. Do you like romance?
Yes, it is considered a romance as well as a historical novel.
Enjoy!
Yes, do you like The Perks of Being a Wallflower because it is a comedy?
Other movies starring Mark Emmerich include The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Have you seen those?
Yes, that's correct. Did you know that he also starred in Will Smith?
No problem.
Well, Basher Savage has starred in Gravity, which is a thriller. Do you like that genre?
Gravity was released in 2010. Would you like to know more about Gravity?
It was released in 2013. The same year as Gravity was released.
Zodiac was also a great Sci-Fi movie.
You're very welcome.
I haven't been to Las Vegas since they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLVIII. Are you a fan?
I didn't realize that. Do you like the movies starring Steve Ballmer?
Yes, that's true. Did you know Miami was the runner-up in Super Bowl XL?
Yes, I do! It was written by Jonathan Nolan and starred Scarlett Johansson and Michael Caine. It is a thriller.
It is starring Hugh Jackman and Christian Bale. Do you like either of those actors?
Rebecca Hall has also been in Fifty Shades of Grey and Prestige.
No problem
Catch 22 was written by Joseph Heller. It's a war novel. Do you like the genre of this book?
Yes, it is a war novel. Do you like that genre?
There is a book similar to Catch 22. It is written by Joseph Heller.
You are welcome.
Yes, I do. He wrote Tempted which is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller?
It was released in 2007 in English. Another romance novel written in that same year is Untamed.
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
I have not read A Tale of Two Cities. It was written by Richard Maxwell. Have you read it?
Yes, it is. Did you know that she is also a scientist?
Yes, I believe so. Did you know that Zadie Smith wrote The Long Winter's Tale?
You're welcome.
John Lasseter directed The Terminator and The Continuing Drama of Grindelwald. Have you seen either of those?
It was released in 2004. It's an animated movie.
Yes, Peter Jacobson has a voiceover role in the film. Are you familiar with his work?
You are welcome.
He's married to Hayden Panettiere who starred in Scream 4 and A Bug's Life.
Sure, she's also a boxer and a boxer. Do you like boxing?
Yes, I think you'll really enjoy it. He's a great actor too. He's in a lot of movies like Remember the Titans.
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football franchise based in the Denver Broncos. They are the runner-up team in the Super Bowl XLIII Super Bowl XLIII.
I am not a huge football fan but I like the Dallas Cowboys. Which team is your favorite?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys though. They are my team right now.
That one was released in 1990 and was written by Terry Pratchett who also wrote The Last Hero.
Yes Wyrd Sisters is also written by Terry Pratchett
I recommend Witches Abroad and Witches Abroad
He is on the Golden State Warriors. Are you a basketball fan?
I think he is 41 years old
Yes, the Warriors are the best in the NBA.
No problem
I like Anthony Heald, he stars in The Silence of the Lambs as well as The Client.
Ted Tally starred in The Silence of the Lambs as well as Reese Witherspoon. It is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I would also recommend The Silence of the Lambs, it is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Enjoy!
Yes, I like that one. It's a Action/Adventure movie starring Glenn Morshower. Do you like that one?
Yes, Shia Lebouf also starred in Revenge of the Fallen. Do you like horror movies?
If you like revenge, you might also enjoy V for Vendetta.
I do not follow basketball much, but I do know that he is a point guard from the Seattle Supersonics.
Not really, I am not a fan of the Miami Heat. How about you?
Yes, they were not a Bulls as well, along with Rob Zombie and Dwayne Johnson.
I don't know about Hush, but I can recommend you movies where Christoph Waltz starred.
yes, Spells is a series
It is indeed a Romance novel written by William Shakespeare
You are welcome!
Thank you
He is a golfer from England. Do you like golf?
I'm not a big fan of golf but I do know that he is in a relationship with Robert De Niro.
I have seen Happy Gilmore too. I know Adam Sandler was in that movie too, I know it was very funny
The Miami Dolphins are a professional American football franchise based in the Phoenix metropolitan area. They are the runner-up in Super Bowl XLVIII.
We aren't the Miami Dolphins in the NFC South? I have never been there and have never been to the Super Bowl a while. Are they good?
They are only doing so far far! They were runner-up in Super Bowl XLVIII so far!
Yes, actually he wrote Rayuela in 1963. Are you a fan of his?
Rayuela was released in 1963, the same year as El otoo del patriarca.
You're welcome.
Anne-Marie is a singer. Is that who you mean?
I did not know that. Did you know The Giver was a science fiction film?
I'm glad I could help. Did you know the book was made into a movie? The Giver was a science fiction film?
Are you talking about the book Looking for Alaska written by John Green?
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars and Paper Towns.
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars, which is also young adult fiction.
Your welcome. Have a good day.
He starred in Breakfast at Tiffany's and Murder by Death. Would you like more information about him?
Yes, he also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's. Have you read that one?
I have not seen it. I am going to add it to my watch list now.
Yes, I do. He starred in Wrath of the Titans and Tuck Everlasting. Have you seen those?
Yeah, Mandy Moore was also in Tangled. Would you like to know more about the movie?
The Fugitive is a great movie. I would recommend that one as well.
Yes, he's very famous. It's a very funny movie! Have you seen Any Given Sunday?
Yes, I know that he was also in Larry Crowne! That is a great movie!
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes it is a great movie! It was written by Steven Spielberg. Do you like his movies?
If you like Sci-Fi you might also enjoy X-Men: The Last Stand by Steven Spielberg.
The first one was released in 2010.
Great movie! It starred Russell Crowe, Paul Bettany, Judd Hirsch, Paul Bettany, Jr., and Judd Hirsch.
No problem. Would you like to know other movies he stars in?
He also starred in Zombieland, it was a great one.
You're welcome.
Marlon Brando is known for his role in The Godfather Part III, along with Xander Berkeley and Marlon Brando.
Robert De Niro directed The Scent of a Woman.
Yes, he is! He is also a director.
He has starred in many films, including Horton Hears a Who! and The Count of Monte Cristo.
I'm sorry, I do not have information on the genre of Witless Protection.
Sure! White House Down is also a good Crime film in the Crime genre.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
You're welcome!
Anne-Marie is a singer. Is that who you mean?
Anne-Marie is a singer. Is that who you mean?
I haven't heard of them but I do know that she is also a singer.
Yes, I am a huge fan of Linkin Park. My favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
I personally haven't listen to their music so I am not too familiar with their music. I prefer American Idol. Do you listen to any of their music?
They're sort of a pop genre. I prefer alternative rock, too. I like the song Red Hot Chile Peppers. Would you like that one?
Sure. Craig T. Nelson starred in movies like Wag the Dog, Twister, and The Devil's Advocate.
Yes, he was also in The Wicker Man.
He was also in Twilight, a crime fiction film.
Yes, he was. He also starred in Stuck on You, which is a Drama.
I'm not sure, but I do know that she was also in Stuck on You, which is a Drama Film.
You're very welcome!
Sure, Sylvia Plath wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath.
Yes, The Journals of Sylvia Plath was released in 1982. Did you know she also wrote Ariel and The Collected Poems?
Well, it's a coming of age story, just like The Collected Poems.
I think he was a very talented person. He wrote We Rode in Trucks and We Bought a Zoo. Are you familiar with those?
I'm not sure about that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, it's a whale. It was written by John Lennon and stars William Hurt and Matt Dillon.
Yes, I do. He directed Deadpool. Do you like animated movies?
Deadpool is a Sci-Fi. Do you like sci-fi?
I do not have that information, is there anything else I can do for you?
No problem, enjoy!
He wrote II Principe.
Il Principe was also written by Niccol Machiavelli, and was released in 1513.
Unfortunatelly, Il Principe was also written by Niccol Machiavelli, in 1513.
It was also written by Niccol Machiavelli, in 1513.
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror. Do either of these interest you?
I'm sorry, I do not have that date.
Yes, it is written in English.
Yes, I can. She wrote The Color Purple which is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
The Color Purple is a novel and the Color Purple is a paranormal romance. Do you like fantasy novels?
Its a good one.
Memento is a Psycho-Thriller written by Christoper Nolan.
I do not have that information right now but I can tell you it was written by Roland Emmerich
You are welcome!
I think he is one of the best football players of all time
Wow, I didn't know that. Real Madrid is a sex/fantasy team. Who do you like?
I like Arsenal F.C. better than Chelsea.
The Scarlet Letter is a historical novel written by Neal Stephenson. Do you like that author?
John Irving wrote The Cider House Rules. It is a Fiction book. Do you like Fiction?
The World According to Garp is also a novel written by John Irving.
That was released in 1995.
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote The Matrix. Are you a fan?
Yes, she's a very talented actress. I like her too. Have you seen her in Men in Black 3?
It was produced by Ron Clements and released in 2011. It also stars Temuera Morrison and Ray Winstone.
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
Sure. Do you like Ocean's Thirteen because it's a thriller?
Sure, The Fight Club is starring Matt Damon and was released in 1999 as a thriller.
I don't know about a comedy, but I can tell you that The Scarlett Johansson is starring in the movie.
If you like Brad Pitt, I recommend The Haunted Man. It is a very funny movie.
You're welcome.
It's considered a Romance and Fiction. Do you like those genres?
Simon McBurney also stars in Days of Blood & Starlight. Have you seen either of those?
It is! It is a Romantic film, similar to Captain Corelli's Mandolin.
Yes, he is a Cricket player from India.
I grew up watching the show on TV. The sport is a drama. Do you like watching?
That's a interesting fact. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't know much about them except that they are coached by Doc Rivers and Brad Stevens.
He is a good coach. I think he is a good coach
Yes, Holes is written by Louis Sachar. It was released in 1998.
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories.
Would you like me to send it to your book club?
Stephen Curry is a basketball player. Are you a fan of him?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
They are all the Rockets. Do you like Rockets?
You're welcome!
He starred in Vulgar
Yes, Vulgar was written by Kevin Smith and released in 1994. It is a psychological thriller.
Sure, I will add it to your queue.
Kevin Smith is a writer, actor, and director, among others. He is best known for his roles in the film called A A Man Apart from being a writer and television producer.
Absolutely! I am so glad I could help.
I have never heard of it. Is it a soccer team?
No I don't really follow soccer, I have never been to a professional soccer game
Yes, it was written by Terry Goodkind and is considered High Fantasy. It was released in 1994.
There is Wizard's First Rule and Witches Abroad. Do you want to know more about those books?
It is a novel. It is a mystery.
Yes, Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George R. R. Martin and is a Self-help book.
It is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
He has also written Nineteen Eighty-Four which is a Fiction novel that you might enjoy.
It is a Historical novel. Do you like that genre?
Great, enjoy!
It is a fiction and historical fiction.
Is there anything else I can help with?
Enjoy your reading!
He is a great Quarterback for the Carolina Panthers. Do you like that team?
That's good. Did you know their team is the Dallas Cowboys?
Is Stephen Gostkowski the one with Stephen Gostkowski? I like his movies like Remember the Titans. Did you see that movie?
Yes I do, he is a celebrity boxer that fought Oscar De La Hoya.
Yes, that's what I think about him. I haven't really followed him much.
Wow I did not know that. Is there anything else I can help with?
The Time Machine was written by H.G. Wells who also wrote The War of the Worlds. Have you heard of that one?
The City was written by J. D. Salinger and is a Speculative fiction.
It is genre Science Fiction. Do you like science fiction?
If you like Twilight, you might also like Vampire's Kiss.
Then you might also enjoy The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Of course, it stars Steve Buscemi and Ben Affleck. It's a Science Fiction film, do you like those kind of movies?
Glad to help out!
Andrew Garfield starred in The Social Network. Have you seen that movie?
It was written by Andrew Garfield and Andrew Garfield also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man. It is a historical film.
Yes she did. She also has a voice in The Amazing Spider-Man as well.
Yes, How to Win Friends and Influence People was written by Dale carnegie. Similar books include The magic of Thinking Big and The Happiness Project.
One of the most popular self-help books is How to Win Friends and Influence People.
He also wrote First Things First: To Live, to Love, to Learn, and How to Win Friends and Influence People.
You're welcome!
Do you like the New York Yankees?
Yes, it is a mystery starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more about it?
I like Tom Cruise too. He also stars in Days of Thunder with Robert Duvall.
Shark Night also stars Kyla Pratt and Dustin Milligan.
I have never heard of him but I know that he is a rap artist.
Yes, I do. I like him as well. He is a very talented player.
I don't have any information on his songs, but I do know that he is married to Dr. Dre.
Are you a fan of animated films? If so I would recommend The Incredibles.
Sure, I recommend Ratatouille. It was written by Jane Austen and stars Emma Stone.
Is there anything else I can do for you?
Brad Pitt directed it, do you like movies starring Brad Pitt?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that. I'm sorry.
It stars Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
I'm glad I could help.
It's a fiction novel and it was written by Paula McLain and it is genre fiction and released in 2011.
No, I haven't. Do you like science fiction?
Ciricling the Sun was released in 2003 by Paula McLain.
I'm sure you will love it!
I don't like her, but I like Steph Curry and Selena Gomez. How about you?
I like the song We Rode In Trucks. Are you a fan of Stronger?
I haven't heard of her before but I do know that she is a very talented singer.
I do like reality television. I was so happy to see her on TV. Have you ever watched the show?
City of Fallen Angels is a Fantasy novel written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her?
City of Fallen Angels was written by Cassandra Clare and is a Fantasy. Are you a fan of the fantasy genre?
Yes, The Shadowhunter's Codex is written by her. The Mortal Instruments is also part of the series.
No problem!
Yes, I do. He directed Hotel Rwanada. Have you seen it?
It is a historical drama.
I am not familiar with the other Boleyn girl, but I do know that it is starring William Steig.
The Other Boleyn Girl is a Psychological Thriller.
Yes, The Other Boleyn Girl is a Psychological horror film.
I am not sure who stars in The Other Boleyn Girl.
Sure. Franz Kafka wrote The Castle as well as Amerika
The Castle was released in 2003 in English and is considered a dystopian novel. It's also a book written in English.
The Castle is a Historical Novel. It's a historical fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Steven Spielberg has directed The Goonies, A.I. Artificial Intelligence. Do you like his movies?
I do not have that information at my finger tips but I can tell you that Tom Hanks is in it.
Sure, Paula Hawkins wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Cider House Rules. Do you like fiction?
Yes it was. The movie was produced by Paula Hawkins
No problem
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren. what else can i answer for you?
The Siren is a fantasy novel and The Queen is a crime fiction.
If you are into Children's literature, The Siren is a good one! It was written by her. It was also turned into a movie.
It was written by Percy Bysshe Shelley and is a speculative fiction. Are you a fan of those genres?
There is also a book called The Last Man written by Percy Bysshe Shelley and it was released in 1818.
There is also The Sum of All Fears written by Percy Bysshe Shelley
Yes, she also starred in Lolita. Have you seen that?
Yes, Paper Towns was written by John Green and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
I have heard of them. Did you know that The Fault in Our Stars is also written by John Greene?
Isn't he a basketball player?
Yes that's true, do you know who starred in that movie?
Yes they do, they are a good team. Do you follow any other sports?
The Scorch Trials was written by James Dashner. It's a young-adult fiction film, do you like that genre?
Yes, I love Way Station. Have a great day!
I have heard of that one. I would consider it to be a science fiction novel.
Did you like X-men because it starred Hugh Jackman, or because it was a sci-fi movie?
Rosanna Arquette and James Franco are in the film. Do you like these actors?
Volcano is starring Ryan Reynolds and was released in 2011. Would you like to know more about this film?
I have not seen it, but I know it was written by Roman Coppola. Do you like Romance films?
Yes, she was in that movie as well, along with Zoe Kravitz.
Mia Wasikowska is the lead in that movie. He was also the main lead in the film.
You're welcome.
Cristiano Ronaldo plays with the Real Madrid C.F. a Portugal national football team.
I am not a fan of soccer but I prefer American Football. Are you a soccer fan?
I sometimes like soccer. I prefer American Football. How about you?
I do! I love American football.
I am not a big fan of the redskins. Who is your favorite player?
Oh they're good. They won the Super Bowl XLVIII Super Bowl XL
Alan Rickman starred in The Wildest Dream.
Sure, Scarface is starring Al Pacino. Do you like Al Pacino?
Have you seen any of the other movies like The Usual Suspects?
Yes, that's correct. And Rachel Ticotin also starred in it.
You're welcome!
He wrote Little Miss Sunshine. Are you a fan of comedies?
What type of movies are you interested in?
It was released in 2007.
You're welcome.
Well, I know that he is a singer, songwriter, and songwriter. Do you like his music?
I haven't heard much of her music but I do like the song In My Head
Yes, I believe she is a good one.
Sure, it was written by Liane Moriarty and released in 2009. Are you interested in her work?
It was released in 2014. Liane Moriarty also wrote Three Wishes, and a Half-Blood Prince.
Did you like Ender's Game because it was a science fiction?
Speaker of the Dead is also speculative fiction and science fiction. do you like that genre?
I do not know who wrote Waylander. Are you a fan of science fiction?
you are welcome
Sure, do you like movies starring Aladdin because it's a comedy?
The Princess and the Frog is directed by Ron Clements
You are welcome
I love her song, Marry the Night! Do you like her music?
Then I think I've seen it and I've heard it's a good one. Did you know she is also a model?
The Muppets is a great movie, did you know Lady Gaga was in The Muppets?
I love Coldplay! Do you like their music?
I haven't heard that one before but I do know that he is a very good actor.
Yes, that's correct. I'm not sure about that. I'm not sure about that.
Sure, I can help! He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen that movie?
He starred in The Fault in Our Stars, The Box, and The Fault in Our Stars.
Yes she is. She also starred in The Birdcage.
You are welcome.
Kahil Gilbran wrote The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York Mariner
The Prophet falls into a Psychological thriller genre. what else can i do for you?
The Prophet was released 2003 what else can i do for you?
you are welcome
I sure do! He's married to Cameron Diaz. Do you like her?
I have heard a few of his songs, one of my favorites is X-Men: First Class. Have you heard of that one?
I'm not really a fan, but I do know that he is married to Sean Penn.
Yes, he is a great writer. Did you know he wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde?
It is a novel about the relationship between Ayn Rand
It was released in 2004
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you like it because it's a thriller?
It is a Psychological thriller
William Joyce wrote Rise of the Guardians, starring Hugh Jackman.
You are welcome.
Yes, it's a great movie. It stars Morgan Freeman.
Mike Starr has been in The Last Dragon, The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia.
Mike Starr also starred in the movie The Manchurian Candidate. It's a drama.
It was written by Richard Condon. It's a good movie.
Great choice, he directed Shooter was released in 2013, starring Tate Donovan.
Robert De Niro and Rob Zombie are the main stars in this film.
Yes, Tate did star in The O.C. Is there anything else I can help with?
Have a great day!
Do you like the movie because it is a crime movie?
Then you might also like the movie Godfather Part II with the same genre, it is an action movie.
I do not have that information right now, but the movie is directed by David Fincher.
Of course! Maleficent stars Sam Neill and Sharlto Copley.
Sure. She also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Yes! Angelina Jolie was in that one as well.
Yes I did. Did you know that Owen Wilson also starred in Zoolander?
Are you a fan of Owen Wilson? He was in a lot of the movies.
Yes, he plays for the Germany national football team
I'm not sure about that, but I do know he's a forward.
He's also on the Germany national football team, the FC Bayern Munich II.
Cristiano Ronaldo plays with the Real Madrid C.F. a Portugal national football team.
It is a soccer player, do you like soccer?
yes he is. Do you watch any other sports?
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Would you like more movies with him in that genre?
Yes, John Travolta starred in Edge of Tomorrow.
Then you might also like The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
Yes, and also Emma Stone in Zombieland
I will add it to your queue. Enjoy!
Yes, I like that movie too. Did you know that it's a romantic comedy?
I like thrillers like Zooey Deschanel but I think it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I like murder mystery too, I think it was a movie with a romance angle.
I haven't seen it but I heard it was good. Is it a good movie as well?
Yes I do, she wrote Beautiful Creatures which is starring Morgan Freeman.
You might also enjoy In Her Shoes by Susan Kalanithi. It's also considered a romance.
I'm not sure about that, but I do know that it's a romance novel written by Margaret Stohl.
I like the Boston Red Sox but I don't like their owner George Steinbrenner.
He is from the United States of America.
Yes, it was written by Spike Lee. Do you like Spike Lee movies?
I do not have that information. I can tell you that it was produced by Mark Twain.
He also produced Tootsie which is a crime fiction. Do you like that genre?
I do not have that information, I do know that it is a crime thriller.
I have no information on that. I do not have that information.
Yes that's true. Do you have any other questions I can help with?
Good Will Hunting is starring Matt Damon, Matt Damon, Matt Damon, Matt Damon and many others. Do you like these actors?
It is a speculative fiction, do you like that genre?
No, I haven't heard of them.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, they are a professional American football team based in San Francisco, California. The team is coached by Mike Shanahan.
Yes, I do like the team he was great at the time. Did you know that he also played on the Seattle Seahawks?
Yes, I like the Steelers as well, my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys though.
Are you referring to the one written by Colleen McCullough?
The Women of Brewster Place was written by Philip K. Dick. Do you like speculative fiction?
Rachel McAdams is the female writer of the film.
I would recommend Witch & Wizard.
Your welcome.
Sure! Dark Lover is speculative fiction novel written by J.R. Ward. It has a vampire them. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it was also released in 2005. That's the same year that Wildest Dream was released.
The Mist was also written by J. D. Salinger. That's also a great science fiction novel.
You might like Zoe's Tale, Xenocide or Zodiac, also by John Scalzi.
You're welcome!
Shelley Duvall starred in Time Bandits. Do you like comedies?
Yes, it was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
I think you would enjoy it. Enjoy!
Enjoy!
Sure, he wrote The Invasion and Downfall
The Invasion starred Daniel Day-Lewis and Alexander Skarsgard.
That's the only one I know she was in. I haven't seen it, but I will check it out
You're welcome!
Well, I know that he's a Point Guard. Did you know that he's a basketball player?
She stars in the movie The Glass Castle which is a romantic comedy.
I love her. Her music is so poignant about her. Did you know she was in Men in Black 3?
No, I haven't seen it. I will have to check it out. Is it a science fiction movie?
The Muppets also had a big role in the movie. I'm not sure who else is in it, but Will Smith was in Seven Pounds. I think you'll like it if you haven't seen it.
Martin Gardner wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you read that?
It was released in 1865. It is the same year as The Witch of Blackbird Pond released.
I don't know any other authors, but Victor J. Stenger was an example of speculative fiction as well as Literature.
You are very welcome!
Yes, do you like it because it's a fantasy?
Well, he starred in the movie The Good Doctor
I cannot find any in particular, but I do find Zulu has Orlando Bloom in it.
You're welcome!
Yes, I like her. She wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath. Have you heard of this book?
He's a great golfer. Do you like the sport?
I haven't seen those movies as well, I know it was written by Stieg Larsson.
Yes, I loved Hot Tub Time Machine too. Did you know he was also a producer?
Eric Bress directed The Butterfly Effect. Would you like to know more about this film?
It is a psychological thriller and horror film.
You are welcome.
It is a crime fiction starring Matt Damon. Do you like that actor?
The Pelican Brief was written by John Grisham and released in 1997. It is a drama/fantasy.
I haven't seen Crime Dramas that I know of. Is that a type of movie?
Sure, do you like movies starring Valerie Tian?
Walk Two Moons and Wicked Lovely are young adult films.
It is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
The Perks of Being a Wallflower is starring Charlize Theron
Bradley Cooper was in Valentine's Day, The Legend of Tarzan, and The Pillars of the Earth.
I don't think I know of any other comedy movies, but I recommend The Fault in Our Stars by Peter Hyams
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans which was released in 2012.
Yes, it was released in 2012 in English. Are you a fan of either?
Yes you may like The Bourne Identity which is also a thriller and The Mists of Avalon was a great movie released in 2012.
Okay have a good day.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like another book by her?
Jean-Marc Natel wrote Lullaby.
He also wrote Tollaby and The Sea of Monsters.
I have never seen it, but I know it was written by Stephen Hunter and starring Tate Donovan.
The O.C. also starred Tate Donovan. I haven't seen it but I do know that it is a thriller.
He was also in The Narrows, which is a Thriller. Have you seen any of those?
Other movies in that genre include The Matrix Revolutions and The Human Stain.
Sure, do you like the genre of Rocky because it stars Sylvester Stallone?
You might like The Mechanic. It was also written by J. D. Salinger.
Undisputed is a martial arts film and was directed by Ridley Scott.
You're welcome.
Sure Water for Elephants is written by Sara Gruen. She also wrote At the Water's Edge.
Great. Then you'll like The House of Seven Gables written by Christopher Bigsby.
Yes, it was released in 2008.
You're welcome.
I didn't know that. I know he's a good actor though. I think he's also been in The Pacifier.
My favorite player is Dwayne Johnson. Who is your favorite player?
I agree. What do you think about Blake Griffin?
Oh wow, I didn't know that! That's a great sport, right?
Sure. The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time by Mark Haddon has genre Mystery. Do you like mystery novels?
He also wrote The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time by Mark Haddon.
The Godfather, starring Marlon Brando, is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes it is. It also stars Tom Hanks. Do you like his movies?
Apocalypse Now is a classic, written by Francis Ford Coppola.
Apocalypse Now was written by Francis Ford Coppola and starred Scarlett Johansson.
I do! I really like her in The Matrix. Have you seen that movie?
Of course, have you watch The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants?
I do recommend Wildcats with Goldie Hawn
Yes, it is a Parody.
No problem
Sure, Meg Cabot wrote The World According to Garp and The Count of Monte Cristo.
Underworld is the genre science fiction and young-adult fiction.
She also wrote Underworld: Evolution and Twilight.
You're welcome!
If you like Insomnia, you might also like Insomnia. It's a Crime Fiction Film.
Brad Pitt played the lead role. It was also considered a thriller and a psychological thriller. It was written by J. D. Salinger.
I'm not sure when it came out. Do you need any other recommendations?
I'm glad I could help!
Craig Ferguson starred in movies like Winnie the Pooh and Vampire Bats. Have you seen either?
Sure, Craig Ferguson starred in Brave and How to Train Your Dragon.
It was released in 1979.
I know she is a tennis player from Romania. Do you like her?
I know very little about tennis. I like Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal. Do you like tennis?
Wow what do you think about Serena?
Yes, they are a professional American football team based in San Francisco, California. The team is coached by Mike Shanahan.
Wow that's interesting. Did you know that they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLVIII?
There are so many great book to choose from but a few to mention are The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October.
127 hours is a Thriller. Other movies that you may like are The Assassination of Jesse James and The Last Dragon. Have you seen those?
If you like James Franco, you might also enjoy X-Men First Class. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he was also in a rom-com called X-Men.
Yes I do. It was written by Robert Zemeckis and Robert De Niro, starring Marisa Tomei. It is a romantic comedy.
It's genre is romatic comedy.
You are welcome!
Yes, Virat Kohli is an Indian international cricketer who currently captains the India national team.
Yes, I like soccer. My favorite team is the Redskins. How about you?
Some of the more popular players include Lana Wachowski and Sam Horn.
Yes, it was written by C.S. Lewis and is part of a series. The next book in the series is The Voyage of the Dawn Treader.
He also wrote The Voyage of the Dawn Treader, The Silver Chair, The Silver Chair. Have you read any of these?
It's considered a fantasy.
Glad to be of help
Sure. J.M. Barrie wrote Peter pan.
Yes, do you like the genre of this book because of the author J.M. Barrie?
Yes, the film The Golden Compass is a great one. Another similar book is The Martian Chronicles.
I am sorry I do not have any information on that one.
Sure! The Sea Wolf is a young-adult fiction novel written by Charles Dickens.
J.M. Barrie also wrote The Silence of the Lambs as well.
Yes, he wrote Paccka3bl N TLobectN. and ес.
That is also by Richard Pevear. He also wrote The Last Don, which was released in 1822.
I do not have that information. However, I do know Eecbl is a Psychological Thriller.
The Cabin in the Woods starring Kristen Connolly. Kristen Connolly starred in it.
I do not have that information. I do know that it was written by Frank Miller. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I will add it to your queue. Enjoy!
I haven't actually seen it but I do know that it's a Sci-Fi movie starring Lauren Cohan. Are you interested in Sci-Fi movies?
Then you might also like The Incredible Hulk and The Avengers: Infinity War.
Yes he also directed The Shining and Inland Empire
Ok would you like to know other movies starring Ben Affleck?
That's the same year The Scanner Darkly was released as well.
If you like action films, you should also try The Blind Side. Have you seen that one?
I also like Biographies. Do you like Biographies?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information at the moment. Would you like me to add it to your watch list?
Is there anything else I can help with?
Venus Williams is an American professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 40 in the WTA singles rankings. She is one of my favorite tennis players.
No I do not follow tennis but I have watched highlights and clips on the news.
Venus has also been linked to her sister Serena, do you like tennis?
Yes, it is a great movie! It stars Ryan Reynolds and Tom Hanks. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
I haven't seen it either. I do like The Proposal but I haven't seen The Pride and Prejudice.
What about The Other Boleyn Girl? I haven't seen it but I have seen it. It is a Historical period drama.
Yes, It is a Mystery and Drama flick. Do you like Hugh Jackman? He is in this movie.
It was directed by Guillermo del Toro.
It has a great cast. It was directed by Guillermo del Toro
It came out in 2009. Would you like to know more about it?
I haven't seen Superman Returns. Who is starring in that movie?
It is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
yea he did. Did you know that movie was directed by David Fincher?
yes Tom Hanks also stars in You've Got Mail too.
I'm sure you will enjoy it.
your welcome
It is a thriller written by Dan Brown. Do you like thrillers?
The Last Castle has genre Techno-thriller. what else can i do for you?
Red Storm Rising is written by Dan Brown. what else can i do for you?
That movie was released in 2005, have you seen it?
It is also a movie based on the book.
I do not have that information, but I can tell you that it is based on the book.
ok
Yes, that's correct. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome
ok
I haven't read Outlander, but I know that it was written by Charles Dickens. Do you like science fiction?
I know she also wrote The Fiery Cross and The Echo in the Smoke.
I can't find any information on that one but I do know that she is influenced by Charles Dickens.
My Own Heart is the second book written by Gabaldon.
He's a great football player, do you like him?
Not really. I don't follow soccer much so I don't know much about soccer. Do you?
I didn't know he was in that movie but I did know Hayden Panettiere starred in Slaughter Rule. It was really good.
Roland Emmerich directed The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Do you like Action/Adventure Films?
That's a sci-fi film, do you like sci-fi?
I don't know, but Roland Emmerich also starred in a movie called Independence Day.
I'm not sure who directed Wyatt Earp, but did you know it was written by Roger Zelazn?
I love her music! Did you know she starred in Who's That Girl?
I like a lot of people. My favorite is Cristiano Ronaldo. Are you a fan of his?
I like The Song of Shannara, what about You've Got Mail.
They're a good NFL AFC East, team, but I like the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
I have heard they're a good team. Are they a good team?
I do not know that. I do know they're coached by Gary Minghella, who is a good player
Yes, he wrote Snatch which stars Stephen Graham. Are you a fan of him?
It is a thriller starring Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal. It was released in 2013.
I'm sorry, I don't have that date.
I'll add it now. Enjoy!
Yes, it is a south korean boy band. Are you a fan?
I have never heard of them. Are they a good K-Pop band?
It's about the hype. I'm not sure if it's about the hype.
Well he has starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
Yes, he did. It also starred X-Men Origins:Wolverine.
He's a rapper. He starred in 8 Mile and Funny People. Have you seen those?
I'm not sure about Snoop Dogg, but did you know he was in The Wash and Pauly Shore Is Dead?
Yes, he did! It's a really good movie. I highly recommend it.
Happy to help!
Sure! Shelley Duvall starred in Time Bandits. Do you like comedies?
Time Bandits was released in 2003 and was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
It is a Science Fiction film released in 2002. It is a Romance. Are you interested in those types of films?
She was also in Twilight of the Ice Nymphs.
Sure Donna Tartt wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read them?
It's a novel. Do you like that genre? She wrote The Little Friend.
She wrote The Little Friend and The Goldfinch.
It's a drama. Do you like that genre?
Sure, Michael Bay was a star in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader, The Silver Chair, and The Chronicles of Narnia.
I would recommend The Maze Runner. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he also starred in Point of Retreat.
Another one by Dwayne Johnson that I would recommend is Zombieland.
Is he an Indian crickter?
I've never really followed him but I have heard of a few players such as Shoaib Malik and Shivraj Singh. Are you a fan?
Yes. He plays on the New England Patriots. I like that team.
I hope the commercials win again that's amazing! What do you think?
Sure, she starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wildest Dream.
I haven't seen that one, but I heard it was hilarious. She also starred in Friends with Benefits.
If you like adventure, you might also enjoy The Golden Compass. Have you seen that one?
I do, will do it immediately. Enjoy!
I like her too. She wrote The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you read that?
It is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
George R. R. Martin wrote the screenplay for Stuck on You.
Sure, Jorja Fox starred in Memento an Indie film and also in Vampire Academy.
It is written by Christopher Nolan and also stars Thomas Lennon and Callum Rennie.
He has also written The Prestige, The Dark Knight Rises, The Dark Knight Rises, The Dark Knight
Anything else I can do for you?
I am not a huge football fan but I do know that they are coached by Mike McCarthy
I like the New England Patriots but my favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks.
They were the runner ups in Super Bowl XLVIII. I have never been to a game so I must be watching a lot of games.
I don't know that. I am not a big fan of the Cowboys. They are in the AFC West division with the Dallas Cowboys.
Yes, he has written The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Would you like to know more about that?
I haven't read that one yet, but I will check it out soon.
The Nightmare Before Christmas is a Romanticism novel by Victor Hugo.
Sure! Do you like Deadpool because it's a superhero film?
Matthew McConaughey stars in the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy.
Deadpool was released in 2012. It stars Ryan Reynolds and Ed Skrein.
You are very welcome!
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Belgium national football team.
Soccer is my favorite but I prefer American Football.
Really, I am not a big fan of soccer.
Yes shes a good actress. I think she was in Princess Protection Program and Camp Rock
No, I haven't actually seen it. I don't remember when he was in the film.
No, I haven't seen it. I will add it to my watch list. I'm sure you will love it.
It's a great comedy, starring John Cleese. It was released in 2008.
How about The Fault in Our Stars, which is also a comedy?
It was released in 2000, and it was written by Rob Zombie.
Sure, The Tragedy of Macbeth was written by William Shakespeare and released in 1606. That is also the same year as the release of The Tragedie of Anthony Hopkins.
The Tragedy of King Richard the Third was written by William Shakespeare.
The Tragedy of King Richard the Third is a Historical novel.
Yes, he is. He's a very interesting Shakespeare. He wrote Romeo and Juliet.
He directed The King's Speech, The Damned United, and Les Miserables
The King's Speech was rated PG and he also starred in The Damned United.
The King's Speech was released in 2012.
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty good team since they won the Super Bowl XLIII Super Bowl XLIII.
I haven't heard of that team. I'm a fan of the Dallas Cowboys though.
I think so too. I saw Super Bowl XXIV. That's a great game.
Yes, it stars Nicolas Cage and John Travolta.
Yeah, she's pretty cool. I like her as well. Did you know she was a designer as well?
It also starred Rihanna. Do you like Thrillers?
It is a great movie. I think you will enjoy it.
Yes, he is a singer-songwriter. Do you like his music?
AB de Villiers played cricket and it's very popular.
I'll have to agree with you on that.
No I haven't, but it was written by Johnny Depp. Do you like Johnny Depp?
Yes I believe so. He was also in Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas.
I have not seen it. I have been meaning to see it now. I have never seen it.
I haven't seen Ride Along 2.
Are you looking for other books by J.K. Rowling?
No problem. He also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Do you like Juraissic because it's a Romance?
Some similar movies are Zombieland, X-Men: First Class
Yes, he was also in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, as well as X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and he was also in X-Men Origins: Wolverine and he was also in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, as well as X-Men: First Class
Some of the stars in X-Men Origins include Jennifer Lawrence and Oliver Platt
Some other adventure movies include; Wolverine and the Jungle
He has starred in a ton of action movies, one of my favorite is X-Men.
I would recommend Wizard and Glass and The Sandman: Endless Nights. Do you like Horror fiction?
Yes, it was co-written by Stephen King.
Yes, that's a great example of his work.
You're welcome!
Yes, what do you like about Forrest Gump starring Winston Groom?
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know they're coached by Lovie Smith. Do you like them?
My favorite player is Sammie Stroughter
I like him too, he played a forward
Not too bad they are a football team
I'm not a big fan of hers but I did like her in Battleship. Are you a fan of hers?
I have seen her in Ocean's Eleven. Did you know that she is also an actor?
Anything else I can help you with?
No, I do not have any of his songs. Did you know he is also a musician?
yes he was in Desperado. Did you know he is also a musician?
I haven't heard of it. what is it about?
I would. Charlotte Bront wrote The Professor, Shirley and Villette. Are you a fan of fiction?
It's a novel written by Charles Dickens. It was actually made into a movie starring Anne Hathaway.
If you like the genre of the book, you should also read the Vile Village. Have you read this one?
Robin Buss also wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo released in 1844, have you read it?
Then you might also enjoy La sombra del viento or el escribidor.
It was written by Quentin Tarantino, and it is a Thriller.
It was written by Emily St. John Mandel in 2014, do you like the genre of this book?
Yes, she also wrote Last Night in Montreal which is a Science Fiction.
It's genre is speculative fiction and science fiction.
You're welcome!
Yes, I am. The 5th Wave was written by Rick Yancey. Are you a fan?
I haven't read that one, but I heard it was good. Do you enjoy speculative fiction?
Yes, Yancey's other works include The Last Star and The Infinite Sea.
Robert Jackson also wrote To Your Scattered Bodies. It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Robert Jackson is the author of many books. The second was released in 2014
It was released in 1599
Sure, do you like the movie because it's romance or because of the romance aspect of it?
If you like historical fiction, I would suggest The Invisible Man. Have you seen that one?
The film stars Robert Pattinson, Rupert Graves and Robert Pattinson.
Sure thing.
Yes Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet is written by Jamie Ford Do you like Historical fiction?
You're right, he also wrote Songs of Willow Frost
I think so. It was released in 2011.
That is correct. I haven't read that one myself too.
Do you like the movie because it's a superhero movie?
Well, then I might suggest The Civil War. It's a thriller.
I recommend The Civil War. It's a very good movie.
A Time To Kill is written by John Grisham. Do you like other books by Grisham?
Then you might also enjoy Into the Wild or Into the Wild.
Anything else I can help you with?
Margaret R. Higonnet wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented. Have you read this?
That is correct. Have a good day.
He also wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Invisible Man.
Robert Galbraith also wrote The Silkworm. Are you interested in crime fiction?
The Silkworm and The Cuckoo's Calling are popular books by her.
You are welcome.
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
it is speculative fiction
The Fault in Our Stars written by J.K. Rowling
The genre is adventure fiction
Your welcome
Sure, do you like J. D. Salinger? He also wrote Franny and Zooey
The Catcher in the Rye was written by J. D. Salinger.
There are so many. He has written a number of books, such as The Tragedie of Anthony Hopkins and The Son of Neptune.
I do, he starred in Men in Black 3. Do you like that movie?
I'm not sure what else he has done, but I know he also starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
It's a comedy also starring Debra Winger.
You're welcome! I'm sure you will love those!
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he is a Point Guard. Did you know that he was born in Oakland?
Since you like basketball, he is a point guard, he is a point guard for the Golden State Warriors.
He is a point guard. He is a point guard.
Sure, do you like J. D. Salinger? He also wrote Franny and Zooey
I don't have any other examples of literary realism. Is that something that you are looking for?
I know they are a K-Pop band. Are you a K-Pop fan?
Is there anything else I can help with?
I haven't heard of her, but I'm a fan of Snoop Dogg. Isn't she an artist?
It is a great book written by Is there anything else I can help you with?
It was released in 2005, the same year The Poisonwood Bible was released.
I haven't read it, but it is a very good book written in English.
I also recommend The Tale of Peter Rabbit if you haven't read it.
I'm always happy to help!
Looper stars Bruce Willis and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
That is correct. what else can i do for you?
have a good day
Sure, A Beautiful Mind is a Thriller written by George R.R. Martin. Do you like Thrillers?
He actually wrote A Beautiful Mind and starred in a movie called A Beautiful Mind.
You are welcome!
That book is written by Tony Goldwyn and Erik Larson and was released in 1999. Are you interested in other works by him?
He also wrote The Devil in the White City: Murders in the White City and Madness at the Fair that Changed America
It is a comedy.
Absolutely!
It's a great book written by J. D. Salinger. Do you like his books?
Franny and Zooey was also written by J.D. Salinger
You are welcome.
I don't know much about football but I know he's a Brazilian Footballer from Argentina. Are you a fan?
It was released in 1960. Do you like that book because of the genre of it?
No, I am not sure. I do not have that information at the moment.
I recommend The Fault in Our Stars. It's also very good.
Fiona Stafford wrote Emma. Emma is a Romance novel. Are you interested in fantasy?
Philippa Gregory wrote Wideacre, The White Queen and The White Princess. Do any of these interest you?
It is a Historical novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes, they are both historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
No problem!
Sure, Arsenal is a professional soccer team based in England. It is a European Football team.
They last played in the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
I'm a fan of the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
Yes I do. Did you know that Wally Lamb was the writer of The Hour I First Believed?
I Know This Much Is True is also a Fiction novel written by Wally Lamb.
Yes, that's a great one as well.
Enjoy.
The Miami Dolphins are a professional American football franchise based in the Phoenix metropolitan area. They are the runner-up in Super Bowl XLVIII.
I am not a huge fan of football. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys though. How about you?
The Patriots are the best in my opinion. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys though. How about you?
Do you like the movie because it's a thriller?
I have never seen the Jurassic Park movie. It is starring Peter Scolari, Keanu Reeves and Robert Downey Jr.
It was released in 1990 and was directed by Steven Spielberg.
You are welcome!
Yes, I do. She starred in Victorious. I love her in that movie too.
Yes, I like her too. She is a very talented singer.
Yes, I think Selena Gomez was also in it. It was very funny.
Is there anything else I can help with?
It's a good book by Alyson Noel. It was released in 2003.
It is a war film, do you like war films?
I'll add it now. Enjoy!
The genre of Catchter in the Rye is Speculative fiction.
I have The Fault in Our Stars by John Scalzi.
Sure, I'll add it for you. Anything else I can help with?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Big Hero 6 is a comedy starring Daniel Henney. Do you like his movies?
That's correct. He's also a sci-fi film. Do you like that genre?
Yes, that's correct. It was released in 2013 and directed by Tom Hanks.
He sure was! That's a great actor. He was also in Tom Hanks as well.
Enjoy!
They are a pretty good football team. My favorite is the Dallas Cowboys though. How about you?
They are good. Who do you think will be in the Super Bowl?
Tony Romo is a great player. Did you know he played with the Seahawks last year?
Yes! Have you seen the Royal Tenenbaums? He wrote that as well.
Owen Wilson was in The Royal Tenenbaums. Its also a Romantic Comedy, do you like that genre?
Do you like movies with Owen Wilson?
Justin Rose is a professional Golfer from London.
No, I don't have any information on that.
I am not a big golf fan but I do know he's from England.
Sure, Virginia Woolf wrote To The Lighthouse and The Waves. Would you like to know more about either?
Yes, she wrote The Waves, In Her Shoes, and The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York City.
It came out in 1927. Would you like to know more about the book?
Sure! I hope you enjoy.
Yes, he is a professional basketball player for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association.
He is currently playing for the Seattle Seahawks. I am not sure of the name.
No, I am not a fan of the Denver Nuggets. What is your favorite player?
Sure! Shelly Duvall starred in Twilight. Do you like Romance films?
Time Bandits was released in 2004 and was considered a comedy. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome.
Oh yes, he directed Public Enemies starring Channing Tatum and James Russo.
Yes, he has directed many films. Some of them include The Women of Brewster Place and The Manchurian Candidate.
It's a great Tom Cruise action film.
Would you like recommendations of other than Frances Mayes books?
She also wrote Under the Tuscan Sun.
You're welcome!
I don't know alot about her, but I do like her friend Ariana Grande better.
Yes, I also like her in the movie Valentines Day
Did you know she is also in The Lorax?
I don't know much about football but I do know that they are coached by Mike Tomlin and owned by Mike Tomlin.
He's alright. He's a pretty good athlete. He's from Boston, and is married to J. K. Simmons.
She wrote Shadowland and Night Star. Have you read either of those?
I don't know any other books by her, but you might enjoy Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome.
I think he is one of the best players on the Colombia national football team.
I do too. I prefer American football.
I don't know much about Radamel Falcao, other than he is a Midfielder.
Yes, it is a teen film written by Charlaine Harris and starred Robin Williams. It is a drama. Do you like his movies?
It's a Thriller.
Yes, he also wrote The Jungle Book. Have you read that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
You're welcome.
Yes, John Tiffany is a young-adult fiction writer. He wrote Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. Do you like his books?
Yes, he did write both The Casual Vacancy and The Silkworm.
Yes, it was made into a movie. Did you know there's a movie based on the book?
Yes, Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
I do not have that information, but Milan Kundera was influenced by William Shakespeare.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum wrote The Bourne Identity. Robert Ludlum wrote The Scarlatti Inheritance. anything else i can do for you?
The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum also starred in The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produce: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity: The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produc
The Bourne Supremacy is starring Matt Damon, who also starred in The Bourne Legacy.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Unbroken A world war II Story of Survival, resilience and Redemption, have you read it?
She wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption.
Well, she wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption.
Sure, he directed Walk the Line, which is crime fiction. He also directed Girl, Interrupted, and Kate & Leopola.
Yes, she was. If you like Johnny Cash, you might also enjoy The Rum Diary. Have you seen it?
I am not sure about that. I do know that it is a romantic comedy, I do not know much about it.
Yes, have you seen Beautiful Creatures?
No problem, enjoy!
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you be interested to see more of his works?
Go Set a Watchman is another book by the same author.
It's a very good book. I have read it and I will add it to your reading list.
Sure, Jason Cope starred in District 9 and Dredd. Want to know more?
It is a thriller
I don't know if that movie is romance
It also stars Sam Shepard
Yes, he directed Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. Great movie!
The Return of a Man Called Horse is a 1986 American science fiction thriller film directed by Irvin Creshner.
You are welcome.
He starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys.
The Other Guys also stars William H. Macy and Elisabeth Elliot.
The Other Guys was released in 1994
You're welcome
Sure, Freeman was in The Civil War and The Civil War. Are you interested in movies like those?
That's right. Didn't Ned Bellamy star in The Shawshank Redemption?
Yes he is. He was also in The Green Mile as well.
You're very welcome!
It is a Romance film. Do you like Romance?
Do you like the New York Yankees?
Yeah, I think so. Did you know he also starred in The Aviator?
Yes, that is a great one. It was written by Christopher Nolan, who also stars in The Prestige.
He did indeed! He was also in The Prestige.
You're welcome.
Yes, 50/50 is starring Clint Eastwood. Do you like her movies?
Well, I can recommend you 50/50 by Paul Walker, who is also in it
Vanessa Fertilio has starred in so many movies, including The Proposal and Shadowboxer.
You are welcome.
Yes, they are part of the NBA. The coach is Jason Kidd.
Yes they are. Are you a fan of the Washington Wizards?
I haven't seen it but I did hear that it's a good movie. Do you like basketball?
Yes, I do. She wrote These Happy Golden Years and The First Four Years. Have you read them?
These Happy Golden Years is a novel written by Wes Craven. Do you like children's literature?
If you like historical fiction, you might also enjoy V for Vendetta and Xenocide.
Sure thing. Anything else I can do for you?
Sure! He wrote Thunderstruck. Have you read that one?
I do not have a recommendation for that, but I will give it a try.
Sure! Do you like books written by Christopher Bigsby?
It's also a play written by Christopher Bigsby. I have no idea at the moment.
It was directed by Dave Pelzer. Are you familiar with his work?
It is a science fiction novel written by David Peep and released in 2008.
Brad Garrett has played in The Pacifier, The Pacifier, The Country Bears, The Cuckoo's Calling and many more. Are you interested in any of these movies?
Jim Belushi also starred in The Matrix Revisited, which is a thriller.
The Pacifier was released in 2003 and was directed by Jared Leto.
You're very welcome!
It's a fashion movie starring Meryl Streep and Emily Blunt.
Samuel L Jackson and Anne Hathaway are the main characters.
Zodiac is a Romance Film similar to The Devil's Prada
The movie was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
It was released in 2004
Your welcome enjoy
Sure, she starred in Under the Tuscan Sun. Have you seen that one yet?
Sure, he plays for the Colombia national football team. He is also a midfielder and forward.
Yes, he is very good. Did you know he's also a midfielder?
I don't know, but I do know that Falcao is from the United States of America.
No, I do not have that information either.
Will Smith of course! That was a good movie. It was produced by Christopher Nolan.
That was a great movie starring Yeardley Smith and produced by James Brooks, have you seen it?
That one stars Danny DeVito and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It was released in 2011
Your welcome
I'm not a big fan of football but I do know that they're owned by Wayne Weaver.
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Which team do you like?
Who is your favorite team?
Yes she plays badminton which I enjoy. Do you like the sport?
That's right! That's the year that I had no idea! Would you like me to find a specific sport?
I like to watch sports. My favorite sport is Basketball. How about you?
He is from India. He was born in Honolulu.
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. He wrote Two By Two and True Believer. Are you a fan of the author or genre?
It was released in 2016, in the English language.
He also wrote The Notebook and A Walk in the Woods.
Yes, he was also a producer and a director.
Yes, he is a very famous comedian. He is also a musician and a historian!
You are very welcome.
Pulp Fiction was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
It's actually listed as a sequel. It's called Reservoir Dogs.
Yes she was. She was also in Pulp Fiction as well.
You're welcome!
I have never seen Sin City. Are you a fan of his?
It is a crime fiction film, do you like those kinds of films?
It is a young-adult fiction film directed by Robert Rodriguez, if you haven't seen it, I think you would like it.
No problem!
It was written by Khaled Hosseini and David Benioff. Do you enjoy Romance films?
Yes, it was directed by David Benioff and is a Romance.
Yes, there is a similar book called The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Cursoe of York Mariner
Enjoy!
I do not know a lot about her, but I do know that she is from the United States of America.
Yes, he did. It's a science fiction novel.
I do not have that information at my finger tips, but I can find something similar to The Alchemist.
peter pan is a novel written by J.M. Barrie. She also wrote Where The Wild Things Are.
It is a mystery. Do you like mysteries?
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by Scott Fitzgerald. It was released in 1925 and is a drama.
It was released in 1925. That same year The Great Gatsby was released.
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button was also released in 1925. It is drama.
It was written by Benjamin Button and is considered a drama.
It was released in 1925. Would you like to know more about the book?
Oh, I love that movie! It stars Micky Ward, Mark Wahlberg and Melissa McMeekin. It's an action movie. It's a box office hit movie, do you like Thrillers?
Jane Eyre is a novel written by Charles Dickens. It was released in 1847.
Sure, Villette & Héger letters. Do you have a preference in genre?
I'm sorry, I do not have that information. It was released in 1853 and is a Villette.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
It was written by Sarah Dessen and is young adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Truth About Forever is a good one by Sarah Dessen. It's part of The Moon and More.
This Lullabye is also considered children's literature.
Yes, he wrote The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and The Amazing Spider-Man 2.
Yes, Steve Kloves also wrote The Amazing Spider-Man.
Steve Kloves also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man, which is a great film!
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
Isn't he a cricket player?
That's interesting. Are you a fan?
No I am not a big fan but I have heard about it. Are you a fan?
Yes, Baz Luhrmann directed The Great Gatsby and Moulin Rouge. Do you like adventure films?
Starring Rupert Everett and Farrah Fawcett.
You're welcome
You're welcome
Yes it is a great movie written by Meg Cabot. Did you know it was also made into a movie?
I really like that one. It was really funny. I also like the movie Red Dragon, which is a Disney movie.
That's a good one. It was written by Frank McCourt.
That's a great one, I haven't read it yet. I will have to check it out. Thanks for the info!
The Call of the Wild is written by Jack London. It's a Historical novel. Do you like that genre?
If you like fiction you might also like The Sea Wolf.
Its a good book. It was released in 1903.
I have not, but I have heard of it. It is written by Jamie McGuire. Have you read it?
Are you referring to the one written by Jamie McGuire?
Beautiful Sacrifice is a young-adult fiction novel written by J.K. Rowling. Would you like to read it?
Enjoy!
enjoy
Jennifer Lawrence starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Are you a fan of hers?
Yes, he was, He was also in Silver Linings Playbook
Yes, Meet the Parents is a comedy and is produced by Paula Hawkins.
No problem
The Arizona Cardinals are a professional American football franchise based in the Phoenix metropolitan area. The Cardinals compete in the National Football League as a member team of the National Football League.
The Bears are having a heck of a season but I do not watch Super Bowl XLVIII. Are you a Bears fan?
Yes, they are definitely contenders.
Did you like the Beloved because it was written by Toni Morrison?
If you like Tombstone, you might also like The Day After Tomorrow.
I don't have that information at my finger tips but I do know that Will Ferrell is also in it.
I love her music! Did you know she is also a singer?
Yes, Liam Hensworth was influenced by Virginia Woolf. It is a biographical film.
I haven't seen it and is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, The Lucky One is a romantic drama written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like romantic dramas?
The Notebook is a romantic novel by Nicholas Sparks. It is also a romance novel.
The Notebook was made into a movie. It's a romantic comedy.
Your welcome.
Sure, Jean-Marc Vallée wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales.
It appears to be a Thriller, and was produced by Jean-Marc Vallée
No, it's about the Queen.
Al Pacino stars in the movie.
Okay. I'm not sure who starred in it.
If you like adventure, i suggest Wildwood Dancing.
I sure will.
Sure, do you like it because it's a thriller?
Have you seen Star Wars starring Vin Diesel?
Fast and the Furious is starring Vin Diesel
Your welcome
Did you like World War Z because it was a Thriller?
World War Z was written by Mike White and starred Max Brooks.
I have not watched that movie. I am a fan of its creator, Frank Miller. Have you seen it?
300 also stars Michael Fassbender and Tim Blake Nelson.
I can't find any at the moment, but I can find some other movies he starred in, like The Wolverine and Vanishing Acts.
Have a great day!
Cat's Cradle is written by Kurt Vonnegut. Would you like to know more about the book?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that mythology.
I'm not sure about that. I do know that Vonnegut was influenced by William Shakespeare. Are you a fan of his?
You're welcome!
The basketball player who plays point guard for Boston?
I didn't know that. I just know he played in the movie Space Jam.
Oh wow, that's really cool. I didn't know that. Isn't he a good coach?
Yes, I like his song Star Trek. Are you a fan?
I do not have any information on any of them except that they starred in the movie The Weeknd.
yes that is true. do you like his music?
I'm not a huge basketball fan but I do like their coach Mike Woodson. Do you like them?
Yes, I did realize that! Are you a fan of M. Night Shyamalan?
I have never heard of them. I do know that the team is owned by Thomas S. Wilson.
Yes, he wrote the comedy American Pie as well as The Golden Compass. Have you seen either of those?
It also starred Chris Weitz. Do you like his acting?
Yes, it is. Would you like to know more about Warren Zide?
The Last Stand is similar to The Day After Tomorrow.
No I haven't. Is that a thriller?
I do. Didn't he star in The Crazies?
All of the Marvel movies. Didn't he star in The Dark Knight?
They are a really good basketball team but I think coaches Steve Kerr and Mark Jackson. Are you a fan?
Oh, I didn't know Philadelphia 76ers was the runner-up in Super Bowl XLVIII.
I didn't know that! I did really enjoy his movies, but I did really enjoy the movie Space Jam.
Oh, I didn't know that! I didn't realize he produced it, right?
Madame Bovary is written by Gustave Flaubert.
Yes, it was released in 1856 by Madame Bovary.
Well, I'm sorry, I don't have any information on similar authors. Would you like me to name a few?
You're welcome.
Well, she starred in American Beauty. Would you like to know more about her?
Penn Badgley starred in it. If you like Ara Celi, you should enjoy A Woman Named Jackie.
Yes, I can. He starred in What's Eating Gilbert Grape and The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie
No, I am not familiar with her. Did you know she is also a model?
Yes, I do.
Good Deeds is considered a romantic comedy.
Yes he directed The Storm and Thelma & Louise
I haven't watched all The Money in the World, i know, have you watched all the movies
Sure, All The Money in the World was directed by Ridley Scott and released in 2003
I haven't see anything else he has done, but he was also in The Invasion, Sherlock Holmes and The House of Mirth.
Your welcome enjoy
Shakira wrote My Love in the Time of Cholera, have you heard it?
Love in the Time of Cholera is a romantic comedy, do you like that genre?
It was the Whiting Writers' Award, have you heard of it?
I love Rory Kinnear! It was such a fun film to watch. I really liked it. Did you like it because it was a comedy?
I do not have that information at my finger tips but I do know that it is also a Fantasy.
The Chronicles of Narnia series is also a dark fantasy film. Have you seen them?
It's a good one! It was written by Christopher Bigsby and is a Thriller.
Absolutely! Margaret Atwood wrote The Year of the Flood and The Robber Bride. Have you read these?
Sure, he wrote Where the Red Fern Grows. Have you read it?
He sure has, one of my favorites is The Fault in Our Stars
It was released in 1960
Your welcome
You're welcome
Sure, do you like The Notebook because it's a Romance?
The Best of Me was also written by the same author, The Wedding is a Romance novel.
I can't think of two by another author, but if you're looking for romance novels, I can recommend The Wedding.
You're welcome!
Tom Quirk wrote Moby Dick which was released in 1851. Have you read it?
Yes. It was also released in 1851. Have you read that one?
You're welcome
P.D. Eastman wrote several books, including Go, Dog Go! and Are You My Mother? Are you a fan of speculative fiction?
Yes, it is considered children's literature and was released in 1960.
Yes, Dr. Suess also wrote Go, Dog, Go! Several of my favorite children's books have been made into a movie. Did you know there is a movie based on the book?
Sure, he wrote Jurassic Park. He also wrote Snatch and Surviving Picasso.
Surviving Picasso is a Crime Fiction Film, do you like that genre?
Some of the actors in Surviving Picasso include Joss Whedon, Snoop Dogg, Michael Fassbender
Sure! He wrote The Sicilian and The Last Don. You may enjoy those as well.
Yes, that is correct. Do you like crime fiction?
You are welcome
Danny Boyle wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that movie?
I don't believe so, but he did star in a Romantic Comedy, directed by Danny Boyle.
I'm not sure about the genre, but Aron Ralston also starred in The Hangover as well.
Brad Pitt starred in Troy and The Tree of Life.
There is no information about that
It is a crime movie, do you like those?
Charlize Theron is in it
your welcome
Sure, do you like Fantastic 4 because it's a thriller?
He starred in Warriors, The Perfect Score, and The Narrows.
You're welcome!
Yes, I do like soccer. Did you know that she is also a member of the team?
Absolutely! Oldboy is a Thriller, so are you more interested in Thriller movies?
Similar to Philip Pullman is The Subtle Knife and The Subtle Knife. Do you like his work?
Have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde?
You're welcome. The Wizard's First Rule is another fantasy novel by Robin Jarvis.
Sure, Stanley Corngold wrote Die Verwandlung, a historical novel. Do you like historical fiction?
The genre is Thriller and history. Do you like those genres?
I haven't seen it but I do know that it's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I haven't seen Take Chance. Wasn't he also in Taking Chance?
Yes, Linus Roache also starred in Psychological Thriller.
Yes, I saw that as well, along with Anne Hathaway.
Cool, enjoy!
Yes, it was written by Ian Fleming and starred Robert De Niro. It is a spy film.
Casino Royale is starring Jodi Picoult and Matt Damon.
It was released in 2005. It is a fantasy.
Yes, it was a television series. It was directed by Randall Wallace.
You are welcome.
Did you like it because it was written by David Mitchell or because it stars Tom Hanks?
A couple of the films in the sci-fi include The Transporter and The Amazing Spider-Man. Do either of those interest you?
Charlize Theron has also been in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Theron.
You're welcome
Its a great movie, have a great day!
Taxi Driver is starring Tom Hanks. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Yes, the film is a Thriller as well as X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Do you prefer Thrillers?
Another great one you might like is X-Men: The Last Stand, X-Men: First Class
Great, I'll add it to your watch list now.
Yes, that's a great movie written by J. D. Salinger. Do you like his work?
Yes, he is very talented. He wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is a historical drama. Do you like that genre?
The Day of the Flood is also a film written by Christopher Bigsby. It was released in 1909.
Yes, its an autobiographical novel by Anne Frank. Are you interested in that type of book?
Perhaps you would like The Diary of Anne Frank, written by Anne Frank. It was also made into a movie.
Well, it's a story about Anne Frank, who co-wrote The Diary of Anne Frank, with Anne Frank.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
That was a great movie! Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith was directed by Chris Weitz. Have you seen it?
Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith stars Natalie Portman and Bill Pullman.
He was also in the movie A Song of Ice and Fire, have you seen those?
Hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he directed the movie True Grit. Do you like Thrillers?
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy the other comedies called What's Up. Do you like that one?
You're welcome!
Sure, Dan Brown wrote Angels & Demons and also The Da Vinci Code. Would either of those interest you?
Yes, he is one of Mcg's most well-known director. He directed Three Days to Kill. Have you seen that one?
Yes, We Are Marshall is a comedy about football. Another movie you might like is X-Men.
The Game of Their Lives was written by Pizzo. Aside from being a writer, he is a TV producer, he was also a producer and a director.
I know that they're an NFC south team and i believe Lovey Smith is the coach
Oh, yes! I didn't know that. Who is your favorite linebacker?
Thank you very much! Have a great day!
All I know is he is rated highly among the world's top five players.
I really like American football and baseball. What about you?
The New England Patriots. They are my team!
Sure! Do you like Scream because it's a crime fiction?
Yes that is correct. Do you like science fiction movies?
You are welcome.
have a good day
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski and stars Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, and Keanu Reeves. Would you like more movies by the same actor?
It is starring Rupert Graves and Roger Allam.
It is a thriller. It also stars Rupert Graves.
Yes, its written by Cornelia Funke and she also wrote Zooey Deschanel which is also a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Anthea Bell also wrote Tintenherz, Tintenblut, and The Assassin and the Desert. Would you like to know more?
Cinderella is also considered speculative fiction and science fiction.
It's a sci-fi adventure movie written by Adventureland. Do you like sci-fi movies?
She has also starred in Wrath of the Titans and Insomnia.
The Painted Veil is written by Frank Miller and is a historical novel. Do you like historical movies?
You are welcome.
Gary Chapman wrote The Five Love Languages of Children. He also wrote The Five Love Languages of Children. Have you heard of this one?
It is a Psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes, I do. I'm a fan of hers and also I know that she wrote The Matrix Series. Have you heard of that?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information on him.
Frank Capra wrote It's a Wonderful Life. It's a Wonderful Life is written by Philip Van Doren Stern. what else can i do for you?
Yes, he was also in a movie called The Spirit. It also starred James Franco
He also wrote It's a Wonderful Life. Have you read it?
It was also produced by Frank Capra
She's been in Un di Velt Hot Geshvign, along with Elie Wiesel.
Un di Velt Hot Geshvign was released in 1958
It is a non fiction
I do not have that information
I have no information on that.
Surely. American Hustle is a drama. Is that the genre you like?
It's a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
The author is J. D. Salinger. He's a prolific writer.
You're welcome.
Washington Redskins sucks. did you know Dwight Schar is the coach?
Do you like football?
Yes, it's a great sport. Do you like tennis?
Sure, I would recommend The Fault in Our Stars and The Fountain. Both are great movies.
Sure Easy is a Drama written by Tammara Webber, Do you like Dramas?
It is a drama written by Tammara Webber, released in 2012. She also wrote Where You Are and Breakable.
Sure. She also wrote Where You Are and Breakable. Do you like dramas?
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Have a great day!
Steven Soderbergh directed Ocean's Eleven. He also directed Ocean's Eleven. Have you seen it?
Keanu Reeves starred in The Good German. He is a great actor.
He has been in so many films, such as The Good German and The Traveler's Wife. Are you familiar with either?
You're welcome!
Alan Moore wrote Watchmen. He also wrote Watchmen.
V for Vendetta was released in 2004. It is a science fiction, suspense novel.
You're welcome.
Richard J. Dunn wrote Wuthering Heights. Did you know Wuthering Heights was released in 1847?
It's a Gothic novel. Do you like that kind of book?
It's a good one. Enjoy!
The Eye of the World was written by Robert Jordan and is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Sure, Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction.
It was released in 2004 and the genre is Fantasy.
Simone Elkeles also wrote Return to Paradise.
You are welcome.
Do you like Spirit Bound because it's a paranormal romance?
Twilight is written by Richelle Mead.
Vampire Academy is a Fantasy. Do you like Fantasy?
No problem!
Charles Dickens wrote The Old Curiosity Shop, Oliver Twist and Oliver Twist.
Yes, Leo is influenced by Robert Louis Stevenson. Are you a fan of his?
Yes, that's correct. Have you read The Posthumous Papers of the Great Britain?
Yes, that is correct. Have you read A History of Gnress?
Great, enjoy the books!
Yes, Peter Segal directed The Longest Yard, Nutty Professor II: The Klumps, Naked Gun 33 1/3: The Klumps, Naked Gun 33 1/3: The Final Insult, and My Fellow Americans to name a few.
That's correct! He was the executive producer for The Longest Yard too.
I'm not sure who else stars in Happy Gilmore, but Adam Sandler is known for his role in The Handmaids Tale.
Hello, yes Albus wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
J. K. Rowling also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
It is considered children's literature. You might also like The Silkworm as well.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them are two works by him.
Fantastic Beasts was released in 2011 and was directed by JK Rowling.
Yes, you are correct. Would you like me to find a book by JK Rowling?
He starred in Transformers and Traffic
Both are considered crime fiction and a historical period drama.
I like crime dramas as well, you might like Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels or Snatch.
You're welcome!
He plays for the Spain national football team. Do you like soccer?
I am not a big fan of the Spanish soccer team but I have heard about him being the coach for the Spanish Football team. Do you like any other sports?
No problem. Have a great day!
Similar to The Hangover Part II is Meet the Fockers and Welcome to the Monkey House.
It was released in 2008. Would you like me to add it to your watch list?
You're welcome!
Yes, Woody Allen wrote it. Do you like his movies?
It's genre is Thriller.
Yes, I like murder mystery as well.
Did you know Shelley Duvall starred in it as well?
Mansfield Park was written by Tony Tanner, do you like his books?
Persuasion was written by Anne Tyler. Would you like to know more about her?
Persuasion was released in 1817.
Yes, Horrible Bosses is written by Michael Markowitz and a Thriller directed by Paul Wernick.
I'm not sure about that, but I know she was a producer in The Romantic Comedy, directed by David Ayer.
That is correct. Kevin Spacey also starred in The Accidental Husband.
He's a great tennis player. Did you know he's from Switzerland?
Not really, I am not a fan of the sport. What sports do you like?
I agree, I enjoy watching a match from time to time. Would you like to learn more about the sport?
I have Inkheart and Tintenherz. Would you like those?
Then you might also enjoy Inkheart by Cornelia Funke.
I haven't read A Light in the Attic, but I have heard of it. Did you know that it's a fantasy?
Yes I can. He wrote Stardust starring Michael Fassbender. Do you like his work?
The River is a thriller and Hatchet is a suspense novel. Do you like fiction?
I recommend X-Men 2 or World Without End. X-Men 2 is a good one.
Enjoy!
Shawn Levy directed Real Steel. Real Steel is starring Hugh Jackman. what else can i do for you?
Matt Damon and Christian Bale star in that movie. Are you familiar with either?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Did you like it because it's a Historical period drama?
If you like Crime Fiction you might also enjoy The Usual Suspects or The Hunt for Red October.
No problem
X-Men Origins:Wolverine is a Crime Fiction movie you might enjoy
Isn't he a soccer player?
Yes, He did play in Wembley Stadium
Well Alice Walker was influenced by Quentin Tarantino. Are you a fan of hers?
Benjamin Franklin has written many books including The Portable Atheist: Essential Reading for the Non'Believer,The Portable Atheist: Essential Reading for the Non-believer, and Mr. & Mrs. Smith.
You are welcome
He's one of the best soccer players in the world and plays for FC Barcelona, right?
No I did not. What genre do you like?
They are also part of the same team as the Manchester United F.C. team
No I did not know that. Is he a good player?
Yes I do, it was written by Patrick Rothfuss great author.
I haven't read it, but I heard it was a good book.
Its a fantasy novel
Your welcome
The Elite is written by Kiera Cass. Did you know that she also wrote The Prince & The Guard?
The Siren was also written by Kiera Cass.
Kiera Cass also wrote The Siren and The Guard.
The music by Kiera Cass?
His genre is music and drama.
That movie stars Justin Timberlake. Do you like his movies?
Have you seen Wreck It Ralph?
It came out in 1980. It is a drama. Do you like dramas?
You are welcome.
Yes, it was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Are you interested in some of the writers?
The genre is Treasure Island and it was released in 1882.
Enjoy!
Sure! Other great books are; The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
I haven't seen that movie, but I did see that it was written by Stieg Larsson.
He's been in so many movies, including The Wildest Dream and The Trolls of Pern.
Yes, he was in The Godfather movies.
You are welcome.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit one of my favorite movies. If you haven't seen it I'd highly recommend it.
Well, it was released in 2013, the same year as World War Z was released.
It is! It was released in 2014. Another good book is The Aeronaut's Wind.
Enjoy!
Sure, do you like the movie because it stars Chris Hemsworth?
Aladdin was written by Ron Clements and also stars Aladdin. Would you like more movies he stars in?
It came out in 2014. The Lion King was written by John Logan and also stars Bruce Joel Rubin. It's considered a Fantasy movie.
You're welcome!
Hemingway also wrote To Have and Have Not, The Sun Also Rises, The Sun Also Rises, and The Sun Also Rises.
There are so many. A Farewell to Arms is also a popular one by Hemingway.
It was released in 1926, the same year as The Hobbit.
No problem!
You're welcome.
Isn't he a quarterback?
I mean, I do not have a real opinion about him. I do not have a real opinion about him.
I haven't heard of him a lot. Is he a good player?
Yes, I like Young Buck. what about you?
Yes, starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Yes, White Oleander also starred Anna Kendrick and Assault on Precinct 13. Do those sound interesting?
It's a fantasy, speculative fiction and science fiction. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes, it was written by C.S. Lewis and was released in 1961.
A Grief Observed was released in 1950.
I haven't read that one, but I do know that The Weight of Glory was written by John Steinbeck.
I will do that!
Sure, he's an excellent Copley who starred in The A-Team. Have you seen it?
I know they're a basketball team. Are you a fan?
Oh yes, I have. That is a fun one by Mike Woodson. Did you know that he is also a musician?
Oh really, I like that one too, I like The Washington Redskins team, which is a great team to watch.
John Berendt wrote The Lady & Sons Savannah Country Cookbook and The City of Falling Angels.
It was released in 2000.
You are welcome!
Enjoy!
Bob Costas directed it. Are you familiar with his work?
He also wrote The Fault in Our Stars, which stars Tom Hanks. Would you like to know more about that?
He sure did! He also wrote Paper Towns, which is a historical novel. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him other than he's a soccer player. Do you like soccer?
Wow! I didn't know that. Do you like this sport?
It was a good one for sure.
Yes, he is a good player as well.
Gore Verbinski directed Rango. Do you like Johnny Depp movies?
Yes, do you like science fiction movies?
You're welcome!
It was written by Christopher Nolan and directed by Christopher Nolan. He also directed The Prestige.
The genre of The Prestige is Thriller
Nolan wrote The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
I do not have that information at my finger tips but I can recommend other dramas from him.
Yes, he has starred in The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
You're welcome
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a popular one by L. Frank Baum.
Yes, it is considered fantasy. Would you like to know other works by L. Frank Baum?
Yes, Voyager was written by L. Frank Baum. The next in the series is The Oz Books.
Yes, she did write The Wonderful Wizard of Oz and The Other Boleyn Girl.
I recommend The Wonderful Wizard of Oz by J.R.R. Tolkien?
Enjoy!
It is the latest one.Kate Winslet is a science fiction film produced by Steven Spielberg.
The Holiday was released in 2009, the same year The Game was released.
It is a science fiction film, do you like those types of movies?
yes Sarah Parish has several Thriller movies. Two of my favorites are Shark Night and xXx State.
yes Kate Winslet is starring in The Pillars of the Earth
WALLE is a children's literature written by J. E. B. White and is a Sci-Fi. Do you like those genres?
X-Men: Days of Future Past and The Matrix are popular Sci-Fi movies.
Sure- the last stand is a sci-fi action film written by Hugh Jackman.
Yes- State of the Union stars Hugh Jackman.
Jason Bateman stars in Wolverine. It's also a sci-fi film.
That was released in 2010.
It was written by Sarah Dessen and is young adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure, I can also recommend Water for Elephants and What Happened to Goodbye. Are you a fan of this genre?
Yes, it was also turned into a movie and directed by Chris Sanders. It was also turned into a movie.
Well, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
Yes, it's a children's literature written by William Petty.
It was written by Elizabeth George Speare. Do you like her work?
I have not seen Ocean's Twelve. It stars George Clooney. Do you like his movies?
There are several actors in Ocean's Twelve, including George Nolfi and George Nolfi.
Enjoy!
Robert Lewandowski is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a forward for the Poland national team
I like football. My favorite team is the Lakers. How about you?
I would have to say that I do not follow soccer at all. Is that a sport you like?
Paul Sorvino is a composer and director. He wrote The Stuff and The Rocketeer.
Yes, he is a screenwriter who wrote Harry Potter and The Cursed Child. Have you read it?
It is a fiction. Do you like fiction?
Yes, he is a movie by J. K. Rowling. Are you interested in his movies?
Sure, I can do that for you.
She wrote Snow Flower and The Secret Fan
It is a fiction Novel and published in 2005
I know that it is a novel written by China Dolls.
You're very welcome!
Sure! Do you like movies produced by Quentin Tarantino?
He also directed Grindhouse, which is written by Rob Zombie, and starred Will Smith.
It is a Crime movie starring Robert De Niro. It was released in 1999.
Sure, it was released in 2006 and written by Stieg Larsson.
Sure, Syeig Larsson wrote The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban.
The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo is a 1998 novel written by Steig Larsson.
You are welcome.
You are welcome!
Sure, he starred in Wicked Lovely which is a Romance film. Do you like Romance films?
Wicked is a Crime Fiction and The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome!
Yes, he was the author of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest. Do you like his books?
Yes, it's a great movie, I recommend it.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I think he is one of the best basketball players of all time.
I don't know anything about Michael Jordan, I know he's a great actor. I think he was in Space Jam and Don't Mess with the Zohan, too.
I love Ghostbusters. My favorite fantasy movie by him would be The Fault in Our Stars.
Yes he did. It's a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls. Have you seen it?
Yes, Vin Diesel stars in The Fast and the Furious. He is also in The Fast and the Furious as well.
I haven't seen A Man Apart from The Fast and the Furious, is a Thriller.
You're welcome!
He has also written Travels with Charley: In Search of America, Tortilla Flat, The Winter of our Discontent and many more. Would you like to know more about one of those?
Yes, he is a great writer. He wrote What Lies Beneath which is starring Morton. Do you like his movies?
Yes he did and he also wrote Stones into Schools: Promoted Friends.
I agree, it is a great movie. It is a very good one.
I don't know much about them. Who is their coach?
I'm not a big football fan but I do watch it from time to time. I'm a New York Giants fan though.
I'm a fan of action thrillers. I would like to watch Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
Yes, The Paris Wife is a fiction novel and it was written by Paula McLain in 2011. She also wrote Circling the Sun.
I know that Circling the Sun was released in 2013. It's a romantic comedy.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
That movie is a Psycho-Thriller, do you like Psychological thrillers?
Eraserhead has genre Thriller. what else can i answer for you?
it is a thriller. what else can i do for you?
you are welcome
The Fault in Our Stars is a popular one that he directed.
That's right! The Fault in Our Stars is starring Shailene Woodley.
The Fault in Our Stars is a Romance.
You are welcome!
Hotel Rwanda is starring Kevin Spacey, do you like it because it's a fantasy?
It was written by Richard Condon. It's a great movie.
Yes, it's a war film. Did you know it was also made into a movie?
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Yes she has written many books such as Where You Are and Easy. Would you like to know more of her books?
It was released in 2011
Wreck It Ralph was also released in 2011
Sure, The Phantom Tollbooth was written by Norton Juster. Would you like to know more about this book?
Yes, Peter Cushing starred in Twins of Evil, Torture Garden, Top Secret, The Vampire Lovers
OK, Peter Cushing also starred in Twins of Evil and Torture Garden.
Robert Zemeckis also wrote The Revenge of Frankenstein.
Can I help you with anything else?
Peter Gallagher starred in Zero Dark Thirty and The Narrows. Have you seen either of those?
The O.C. also did a job in The O.C. series, and it was directed by Tim LaHaye. Do you like Tim Levine?
Robert De Niro is the author of it. Do you like his movies?
Great! Anything else I can do for you?
I sure do! He starred in The Thomas Crown Affair and The Running Man, to name a couple.
I do not have information about that one but Yaphet Kotto also starred in Witless Protection.
If you like Vin Diesel, you might also enjoy The Transporter or The Shift.
You are welcome!
I know that it's a romantic comedy written by J. D. Salinger.
Becca Fitzpatrick also wrote Hush, Hush, and Crescendo. Have you read either?
You're welcome! Have a great day!
You bet! Have a great day!
The Glass Castle was written by Jeannette Wells and is considered a memoir.
The Glass Castle was also written by Jeannette Wells and is considered a memoir.
The Silver Castle was released in 2005 and is a memoir.
Your welcome.
Yes, John Carpenter directed The Fault in Our Stars and Paper Towns. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, you're correct. The movie Escape from New York is written by John Carpenter.
I haven't seen that one, but I've heard a lot about him. I'm not sure what he's with.
Rhonda Byrne wrote The Secret. It's a Documentary. Do you like documentaries?
My apologies. I do not have any information on similar authors.
I don't have that information at my finger tips but I do know he wrote a book called The Fault in Our Stars.
He's starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. If you like that one, you might like The Great Gatsby.
Your Friend the Rat was released in 1998 and was written by John Ratzenberger. It was also produced by Wes Craven.
It is a non-fiction and was released in 2007. Would you like to know more about The Rat?
You're welcome!
I have never read it, but I know it was written by Maurice Sendak in 1963.
The BFG is a family friendly film. It was written by Kurt Wimmer.
You are very welcome!
I have never heard of that one but I know it was written by Frank McCourt and starring Tom Hanks.
Did you know that book won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction?
Great! I hope you enjoy.
It has genre Speculative fiction.
Sure! Mark Haddon is a writer and film director. He wrote The Wise Man's Fear. He also wrote the book The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
Yes, The Red House was adapted into a film. Did you know that it was directed by Mark Haddon?
Yes he did and it was produced by Sylvia Plath.
Your welcome.
Frank Coraci starred in Zookeeper and The Waterboy. Have you seen either of those?
Kevin James also starred in that movie. The movie is a romantic comedy.
I'm not sure, but it was directed by Kevin James. Kevin James also starred in it as well.
Well it was written by Sergio Leone who also wrote The Good, The Bad and the Ugly. You might like that one.
Well, I would recommend The Good, The Bad and the Ugly. It's a good one by Mickey Knox.
I don't know who stars in Nightcrawler. I do know he is a director from the United States that starred Robert De Niro.
I'm glad I could help!
I know a little about him. I know he wrote the speculative fiction film The Patriot. Are you familiar with that film?
It was released in 2003, the same year that  1 was released.
James Wolk also starred in that movie as well
You are welcome.
It is a great movie starring Tom Hanks and Julie Andrews. It is a Comedy/crime movie.
I'm afraid I don't know the movie, but I do know that Ray McKinnon is in it. Then you might like The Kingdom. It's a Romantic Comedy.
Yes! Money Ball is a 1998 drama film directed by Roland Emmerich. The movie is directed by Ron Howard.
It was written by Cassandra Clare and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Then you might also like The Shadowhunter's Codex or The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones; City of Ashes: City of Bones; City of Glass.
Then you'll like Clockwork Angel and The Shadowhunter's Codex by Cassandra Clare.
You are welcome.
Yes, he directed The Little Friend and Toy Story. Are you familiar with those?
Yes, Y Tu Mama Tambien was produced by J.K. Rowling.
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you he wrote a lot of the Harry Potter movies.
You're welcome!
I love that book! It was written by C. S. Lewis and is a Christian fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
He also wrote Till We Have Faces, The Magician's Nephew, and The Abolition of Man.
You're welcome.
I love The Yellow Submarine! He wrote that and starred in that movie.
No, I have never been to a Beatles fan. What about you?
I have never heard of him. Is he on the team?
I do not know of his songs in the playlist, but I know he has been in many movies such as The Giver and The Lorax.
Great! Laurie Halse Anderson wrote Wintergirls. Would you like to know more about her?
Wintergirls was released in 2014, it is a Crime Fiction.
Yes, downloading now.
Yes, I do. I love Rihanna. She's my favorite Rihanna song from her Destiny Child.
Oh, that's a great song. Did you know Rihanna has a song called Fritah?
it is a science fiction film, do you like science fiction?
He starred in The Last Dragon, The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen them?
Sure, Marc Forester also starred in The Last Dragon, The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like fantasy movies?
It's a romantic comedy, starring Nathan Lane. Do you like that kind of movie?
I hope you enjoy them
It was written by Suzanne Collins and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like this author?
Another book by Collins is Gregor and the Marks of Secret. Have you read that one?
Yes, that's correct.
Yes, he is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for the Cleveland Browns. Are you a fan?
Yes, he did. He also starred in a novel called Little Miss Sunshine.
No unfortunately, I am not sure if John was in the film. He was also in Little Miss Sunshine.
It's not very familiar with her but I heard she is a good actress.
You're welcome!
It was written by Nicholas Sparks and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like this genre?
The Notebook is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, it is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Then you might also like The Last Olympian written by Nicholas Sparks. It is a crime fiction.
The Matrix Revolution was produced by Lana Wachowski. She also produced Ninja Assassin.
The Matrix Revolutions is another popular one, do you like Keanu Reeves?
He was also in The Matrix Revolutions and The Human Stain.
I'm not sure, but I do know she was in The Matrix Revolutions also, which is a Thriller.
Charlize Theron was the director for Mystic River.
Sure, have a great day!
Yes I do, he directed The Mechanic.
Yes he did. He also directed The Mechanic.
He hasn't acted in any movie that he's in
You are welcome
I think you'll enjoy it.
The Light Between Oceans is written by M.L. Stedman.
Yes, 2012 was a disaster movie written by Roland Emmerich. Do you like that kind of movie?
Sure, he also directed The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Have you seen those?
You're welcome.
Daphne du Maurier wrote Rebecca and My Cousin Rachel.
It is a science fiction film starring Daphne du Maurier.
It came out in 1986.
Your welcome.
I am not a huge football fan but I do know that they are coached by Mike McCarthy
I have never been there. I was there for a while in the home venue for the Giants from Pittsburgh.
yea hes great. do you know who is your favorite player?
i agree they are very good. have you ever been to a game live in person?
I do, they are very good at the right-arm off spin!
Yes, I am a fan of his music. Did you know he was also a model?
It's a romantic comedy. If you like romantic comedies, you might also enjoy Friends with Benefits.
Sorry, I don't have that information. Would you like me to add it to your watch list?
I really like when she and Seth Meyers (Late Night with Seth Meyers) went day drinking? Have you seen those?
No I did not, but I did like the movie The Pursuit of Happyness. Did you see it?
I don't have that information at my finger tips but I do know that Aiken is starring Ryan Gosling.
Yes, I do. I also like her in the movie The Truman Show.
Well, Joseph Sikora was in it, and Joseph Sikora was also in it, and Joseph Sikora was in it. Do you like his movies?
The Watcher is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, that's correct. He was also in The Aviator.
You're welcome!
Me too! Frances Mayes wrote Under the Tuscan Sun.
Would you be interested in other poets from Mayes?
Enjoy!
It was written by Emily St. John Mandel and was released in 2014, in the English language.
Toni Morrison wrote The Bluest Eye, Tar Baby, and Sula.
Its dystopian fiction
You might enjoy Xenocide or Wuthering Heights
It was written by Quentin Tarantino
You are welcome
Downfalls in the genre of War. Do you like War films?
It starred Robert De Niro and was produced by Richard Linklater.
You're welcome.
Andrew Stanton directed Finding Nemo. Finding Nemo is starring Zach Galifianakis.
He was also in The Walt Disney Company. Are you a fan of animation?
Toy Story 3 was written by Richard Condon. It is a sci-fi.
Sure, The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like more books by F. Scott Fitzgerald?
The Crucible is written by Christopher Bigsby. Have you read it?
Certainly! Of course, I also recommend "Tortle the Turtle" and "Pulp Fiction." Would you like more recommendations?
You're welcome. I'm happy to help.
He's a great writer! He wrote Playing for Keeps. Have you read it?
It's a Romance. Do you like Romance?
It was released in 2013. Definitely a good movie.
I'll play it for you now.
Yes I have. It was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Ralph Fiennes and Colin Farrell.
Thekla Reuten also stars in it and it was released in 1994.
Yes, he did and also starred in Wrath of the Titans.
You're welcome.
Sure, he wrote the comedy American Pie as well as The Golden Compass.
He also directed the comedy American Pie as well as The Golden Compass.
No, I haven't seen that one. What genre do you like?
Yes, he wrote The Godfather Part II which stars Harrison Ford. Do you like science fiction films?
Yes I would. It was written by Paula Hawkins. It is a young-adult fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes, I would recommend The Nightingale, it is a Speculative fiction novel. Have you read it?
Its a novel by Percy Bysshe Shelley who is also a writer on the True Colors.
I think he's a good tennis player but I like Andy Murray better.
It was released in 2002 and starred Shia LaBeouf.
You are very welcome. Have a good day.
I definitely recommend Die Hard with a Vengeance, it is a crime fiction and Thriller.
Yes, a great one. I highly recommend it.
Sure, it was produced by James Dashner. Have you seen the movie?
That is correct. Did you know The Lorax was released in 1957?
That's correct. The Sneetches and Other Stories was released in 1957. Are you a Children's literature fan?
You're welcome!
I do enjoy it, it was released in 2014 starring J.K. Simmons and Melissa Benoist. J.K won an Oscar for his role.
I don't have that information at my finger tips but I do know that she also starred in The Longest Ride.
Okay, I am not sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, it is considered a Romance. Do you like romance films?
No I haven't seen those. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome.
My favorite team is the Lakers. Do you have a favorite player?
Well, not a lot of a fan either. My favorite team is the Lakers. My team is the Lakers.
Oh wow, that's very interesting. They're a great team.
Larissa wrote овести, асска и овести, and ес.
I do not have that information but he wrote ес.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, do you like The Notebook because it's a Romance?
Have you read Post-Apocalyptic fiction?
Yes, it is by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her work?
I'm glad to help!
I am not a huge football fan but I do know they are owned by Mike Shanahan and owned by Mike Shanahan.
I don't know too much about him, other than that I do know that he's a good player.
Oh my gosh, that's a great one. I didn't know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
She wrote Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail.
Yes, Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life from Dear Sugar is also by the same author. Have you read this one?
Your welcome.
Sure, The Cuckoo's Calling was written by J.K. Rowling and released in 2013. It is considered a historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
She also wrote The Cuckoo's Calling and The Silkworm. Are you a fan of these?
It's a novel. Would you like me to add it to your favorites?
You're welcome!
Yes, he starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Human Stain to name a few. Do you like his movies?
Yes it is. It also stars Rob Zombie and Farrah Fawcett. Have you seen it?
Oh, I haven't seen it. I like crime fiction too. I have heard of it. Is that a good one?
The Little House on the Prairie is written by J. D. Salinger. He also wrote The Little House on the Prairie.
Yes, Little House on the Prairie is written by Jean M. Auel.
Yes indeed. You should give Little House on the Prairie a try. It was released in 1933.
I don't know much about her other than that she is Serena Williams' sister. Do you like her?
I didn't know that! I did not know that. What genre do you like?
Wow, I didn't know that. I did see that match when Serena lost to Venus but I did see that match.
I do, actually! The Lost Symbol is by Dan Brown. It is definitely one of the best sellers. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, Tom Hanks is a great actor. Would you like to know about any of his movies?
Yes, Dan Brown did write The Da Vinci Code and The Inferno which is starring Tom Hanks. Would you like to know more about that?
There is The Da Vinci Code starring Tom Hanks.
I'm sorry, I don't have any recommendations for any similar dramas.
Enjoy
I do! He starred in The Wolverine, which is a thriller. Do you like X-Men?
The genre is X-Men. Would you like to know other movies he stars in?
I think you might enjoy X-Men: First Class, or X-Men: First Class.
I haven't seen any of his movies, but I did see a lot in that movie called The Sorcerer's Apprentice.
Tim Dolin is famous for writing Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented. Would you like to hear more titles?
It is a Feminist who also wrote A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
He also wrote A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented. Have you read it?
Rick Yancey wrote The Monstrumologist, The Last Star, The Infinite Sea. Have you read any of these?
He wrote The Last Dragon, The Infinite Sea, The Left Hand of Darkness and many more. Are you interested in any of those?
Enjoy your readings!
Starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn. What do you like about it?
Thomas Lennon was also in Paper Towns. Would you like to know more about that movie?
Yes, I'll add them to your watch list.
Gone with the Wind was written by Margaret Mitchell. She also wrote A Fistful of Dollars.
Then you'll like What to Expect When You're Expecting and The Maze Runner.
The Untouchables is written by George R. R. Martin and was released in 2000.
You are welcome.
I don't know much about the Last Song, but I do know that it was written by Nicholas Sparks and starred Miley Cyrus.
Two By Two is written by Nicholas Sparks.
I haven't read that one yet, but I heard it was a good read.
I don't know a whole lot, but I know they are a K-Pop band. Are you a K-Pop fan?
Sure! Cornelia Funke wrote Inkheart which is a Fantasy. Do you like Fantasy?
Inkheart was written by Cornelia Funke as well as being a writer of the Fantasy genre.
Enjoy!
Similar to The Hangover Part II is Meet the Fockers.
Its a science fiction movie written by Robert Zemeckis and written by John Steinbeck.
You are very welcome.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is written by Albus Dumbledore.
The book is categorized as a comedy-drama. It's also a film of the same name.
You're very welcome!
He's on the India national cricket team right?
That's the same type of sport, do you like to watch sports?
Robert Duvall has starred in Hook Ya Crook. It's a romantic comedy.
Sure, Tracy Chevalier wrote The Virgin Blue, The Last Runaway and the Lady and the Unicorn.
Yes, The Last Runaway was released in 1997 and was written in English.
You are welcome.
Sure, do you like this author because it's speculative fiction?
There is also The Fault in Our Stars and The Fault in Our Stars.
Yes, he actually wrote A Fistful of Dollars. It was made into a movie.
You're very welcome!
Yes it is. Are you a soccer fan?
I love his writing! He wrote The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes, The Complete Sherlock Holmes, and The Return of Sherlock Holmes. Do you like Sherlock Holmes?
Sure, do you like this movie because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Sure, he also starred in Inglorious Basterds, and Pulp Fiction
Yes, Robert Downey Jr and Stan Lee also star in the film. Are you familiar with these actors?
Absolutely, have a great day
Howls Moving Castle starring Jean Simmons is similar one
Jon Favreau wrote Made, starring Faizon Love. Have you seen it?
Have you seen Jurassic Park III? He produced that.
Then you might also like Zombieland, Yesterday Was a Lie or World War Z.
Yes, he was also in it. He was also in The Mechanic.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, did you like it because it was written by Gillian Flynn, or because it was the genre Suspense/Mystery?
She also wrote Sharp Objects, Dark Places and Dark Places.
Yes, it was directed by Gillian Flynn.
That one was released in 2015.
I do, he wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's. Do you like his books?
It is a drama. Have you read it?
It's a sci-fi. Are you a fan of those types of movies?
A.I. It's a science fiction film directed by Steven Spielberg. Are you a Spielberg fan?
Yes, it was directed by Steven Spielberg. Would you like to know who produced it?
You're welcome
Yes, Mark Cotta Vaz wrote The Boy Next Door as well as The Boy Next Door. Have you read those?
Yes, it is the Twilight series written by Vaz as well as the Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're right, I think I have heard of her. She's the author of the Twilight series as well.
You're welcome!
Sure, he directed Seven Psychopaths. Do you like dark comedies?
It is a Psychopath movie released in 2014
Your welcome
The book is written by Billie Lettis, do you like the author or the genre?
Its a drama that also stars Robert De Niro and is considered a thriller.
You're welcome!
Enjoy!
Rickie Fowler is an American athlete. He plays golf. Do you play golf?
I haven't seen that movie, I only know that it was written by Adam Sandler. Do you like Golf?
Yes she did and Julie Bowen was great in the movie as well!
She starred in The Situation, The Ice Harvest and also in The Hunted, among others.
I'm not sure, but I know she also starred in The Ice Harvest too. Are you familiar with her?
The Situation has genre Psychological thriller
The 5th Wave is a Thriller, released in 2014, is a young-adult fiction.
The last movie released in 2016 was Zombieland. Are you familiar with that one?
My favorite sci-fi book is The Infinite Sea.
I recommend The Monkey House which is a mystery film.
No problem. I am happy to help.
I haven't heard of her before but I do know that she is a singer, right?
I did like her in the movie, Valentine's Day, which is a comedy. She also starred in The Giver, which is a really good choice.
Wasn't she also in The Lorax? I didn't know that.
I do! He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine. Are you a fan of animation films?
No, I haven't. What genre are you looking for?
Yes, I like Ted. Would you like to know more about his movies?
I hope you enjoy it.
Me too, he is a good singer. Do you like his music?
I also like the song Love Yourself
Yes, he is very talented too. I like his music too.
That was a great movie! Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith was directed by Chris Weitz. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was. He was also in a Star Wars movie
He was also in a movie called The Godfather
Sure, Click was written by Adam Sandler and Adam Sandler, and stars Adam Sandler and Adam Sandler. Do you like Adam Sandler movies?
It was directed by Steven Spielberg. Do you like his movies?
Yes he did and Dennis Dugan was also a director
You are welcome
Victor Hugo is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Spanish club Barcelona and the Brazil national team is the Manchester United F.C.
The Hunchback of Notre Dame was released in 1599 and was made into a movie.
Yes, The Hunchback of Notre Dame was also released in 1845.
Wonderful, have a good day.
You're welcome!
He wrote There Will Be Blood starring Paul F. Tompkins. Would you like to know more about that?
I don't know much about her, but I heard she is a good singer. Do you like her?
Yea, I haven't heard that one. I'm not too sure if he composed the music but I do know that he was also a model and a producer.
Yea, he is also a recurring producer on the show The Voice. I'm not sure if he is similar, but he did write the song We Found Love.
Anthony Hopkins starred in both Bobby and The Edge.
Peter and Paul also has the genre of Thriller and Drama.
Yes I do, actually. It also has the genres of drama and comedy. It's also considered a drama.
I hope you enjoy it!
I do not follow much football but I do know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt and owned by Bud Adams.
I haven't been following them too much this year. I do know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt and owned by Bud Adams. Are they your favorite team?
I actually do not know much about them. I do know they're coached by Gary Kubiak and owned by Gary Kubiak.
I do! Isaiah Thomas was a very talented basketball player.
I haven't followed them much so I don't follow them. Who are their coach?
Space Jam was a classic! I haven't heard of it before but I'll have to check Space Jam out.
The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet Prince of Denmark is written by William Shakespeare. Have you read it?
Shakespeare also wrote The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark
Great. Have a great day
I know she is a tennis player from Romania. Do you like tennis?
I am not too sure about Serena Williams, but I do know that Venus has a female coach named Serena.
Is Maria Sharapova also a tennis player?
I have not really followed them much as I do like their coach Jim Caldwell. Are they a good team?
I'm not sure if he coached other teams, but I know he was also a part of the Dallas Cowboys.
That's great, I think it was Super Bowl XL
Yes, he wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. Are you interested in any of his work?
That book was released in 1886.
It was also considered a psychological thriller.
Zodiac was also a horror film, and was written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
I'm not sure who's in it, but Mervyn Peake was in Twilight.
I'll order it for you now.
Yes there was a movie based on the book written by J.K. Rowling.
It was also directed by J. K. Rowling. Do you like his movies?
Yes, he wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
Kenneth H. Blanchard wrote it. The book was released in 1981.
Its a non-fiction book released in 1981.
Your welcome.
Yes, it was written by Paula Hawkins. Are you a fan of hers?
She also wrote We the Living. Have you read that one?
Sure, I hope you enjoy them.
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde?
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by the same time period as Dracula.
The Girl Next Door was written by Jessica Knoll. It was released in 1897. Would you like to read it?
The Girl Next Door has a genre of Science Fiction and Children's Literature.
Sure! She wrote Under the Tuscan Sun. Have you read that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. What genre do you prefer?
You're very welcome!
Are you referring to the movie because it was written by J. D. Salinger?
Yes, she also wrote Go Set a Watchman
You are welcome
Yes, she also wrote Go Set a Watchman, have you heard of it?
Yes, it is a very good movie starring Al Pacino. Do you like Al Pacino?
Yes, I have seen it and it starred Al Pacino.
I also like the movie X-Men 2. Have you seen that one?
He also stars in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
I see, I don't see any other stars in Vampyres, but I do know that Tom Byrne is also in Vampyres
You're welcome
Seamus Heaney wrote Beowulf.
It is considered a Romeo and Juliet. Do you like Romeo and Juliet?
It is in the English language and was released in 1599. Would you like me to add it to your watch list?
Yes, I do. He starred in The Terminator and The Order. Are you a fan of action films?
Sure, he starred in The Terminator and The Order. Do either of those films interest you?
Sure, Lionheart is written by James Dashner and also stars Bill Murray and is a Fantasy. Do you like Fantasy films?
Liam Neeson is also in it. Do you like his movies?
William Hurt and Josh Brolin are also in that film.
No problem!
He directed Seven Psychopaths. Gabourey Sidibe starred in it.
Seven Psychopaths, In Bruges, was directed by Martin McDonagh and was released in 2013.
Seven Psychopaths is genre Psychological thriller.
Yes, I agree with you on the news. Did you know he's also a basketball player?
I watch it a lot, I am not a big fan of the Miami Heat. Do you like to watch it?
Did you know Wilson Chandler was a great shooting guard for the Houston Rockets?
Would you wish me to recommend something in relation to Heroic Fantasy?
Sure, Alien is starring Tom Hanks and Tim Allen. Do you like movies with Tim Allen in them?
Yes he certainly is! He's a great director! He's also done Man on Wire. Have you seen that?
I don't see anything by him right now, but he is the program creator for Superhero movies, he does a lot of movies.
Is there anything I can do for you?
The Rosie Project was written by Graeme Simsion and released in 2013.
Yes, another book written by her is The Rosie Project is The Rosie Effect.
Yes, it is. Do you like movies written byGraeme Simsion?
Sure, Antoine Fuqua wrote Olympus Has Fallen stars Robert Forster.
Robert De Niro was also in Olympus. He is a great actor.
I don't have that information, but he was also in Fantasy Films.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes, I do. Did you know he starred in Friends with Benefits?
That's a good one. He was also in Friends with Benefits and No Strings Attached.
I'm not sure if he is friends with Will Smith, but I know he was also in The No. 1 Ladies Man.
Sure, do you like books by J. D. Salinger? He also wrote Franny and Zooey
F. Scott Fitzgerald also wrote Go Set a Watchman and it was released in 1925. Are you a fan of the same genre?
Yes, Go Set a Watchman is another book by Harper Lee, you might enjoy.
You're welcome!
It was written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
Yes, you are correct. Did you know that she also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I am not a huge baseball fan but I do like the Boston Red Sox. How about you?
That's right. The team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like the Yankees?
I'm sorry, I do not have that information.
I haven't heard of that one, what is it about?
I'm not familiar with his music but I have heard a lot about him.
I'm a big fan of badminton and I loved watching the 2012 Olympics. What about you?
I don't follow badminton but I've watched the 2012 Summer Olympics. Is there a specific sport in London?
Yes it was in Western Europe. Did you know that Nehwal was born in Murrieta?
Yes I do, it was written by Paulo Coelho and starred Al Pacino. Do you like his work?
The Amazing Spider-Man was written by Stan Lee and starred Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield. It is a Science Fiction. Do you like that genre?
He has also written The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and The Amazing Spider-Man 2. Are you interested in any of those?
Yes, that is correct. Would you like to know more about the Harry Potter film?
ok
Sure, Gillian Flynn wrote What Do You Do and Sharp Objects.
It is a non fiction genre
What genre do you like?
You are welcome
He wrote Heretics of Dune, which is a Speculative fiction.
Have you heard of Lost Highway? It is a Psychological Thriller.
I don't have that information, but it's in the same series as God Emperor of Dune.
Enjoy!
Did you like it because it was a romantic comedy?
Have you seen the King's Speech? It is also a Romance film.
Glad I could help!
Yes, The Eye of the World was written by Robert Jordan and is a Speculative fiction. Have you read it?
If you like that one, you might also like The Marvelous Land of Oz. It was written by Frank Baum.
Yes, it's a great one!
You're very welcome!
Yes, Little Miss Sunshine was written by Louise May Alcott. It is a Romance Film, do you like that genre?
It's a comedy starring Keir Dullea. It was released in 1996.
You're welcome!
I haven't read the book but I heard it was written by Sara Gruen. Have you read it?
No, I haven't. Do you like science fiction?
No, I haven't heard of that one. Is it a romance?
Is there anything else I can do for you?
Have a good day.
Have a great day!
Beautiful Disaster is written by Jamie McGuire and released in 2011. It has very good reviews and is considered a favorite for some.
Yes, I can. He wrote Beautiful Oblivion which is a very popular book.
You are welcome!
Pulp Fiction was written by Quentin Tarantino, and stars Samuel L. Jackson.
John Travolta also starred in Zombieland
She was in Walk the Line and Self/less. Do those sound interesting to you?
Sean Flynn was also in that movie
Did you know that Nancy Cartwright was also in it?
Yes, he is. He wrote Notes from a Small Island and The Sun Also Rises. Are you familiar with those?
I don't know much about it. Is that a sport team?
Not really. I am more of a fan of the Seattle Seahawks. What about you?
I don't really follow soccer. Who is your favorite player?
Sure, Jake Gyllenhaal wrote The Fault in Our Stars and The Day After Tomorrow. Have you read either of those?
Zodiac was released in 1974, the same year that  1.
Jake Gyllenhaal also starred in it as well.
I can do anything else I can do for you?
Norton Juster wrote The Phantom Tollbooth. It's a good book. you should like it.
You might also enjoy The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor, or The Golden Compass.
Yes, it is part of the series. The book was released in 1961.
It was released in 2004.
I know it was written by the same author as The Mists of Avalon. Have you read it?
The Mists of Avalon is considered a fantasy novel and is written by William Petty. Are you familiar with his work?
The author is J. D. Salinger. The book is actually part of the series The Mists of Avalon.
You're welcome!
Yes, John Ratzenberger wrote The Proposal. It is a Thriller
It is a romantic comedy also starring Bill Pullman and Charlize Theron.
It is considered a Thriller.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I would recommend The Fault in Our Stars. It is a young-adult fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
The Next Best Thing is Xenocide.
Happy to help!
I did enjoy O Brother, Where Art Thou because it was a Romance film. Do you like Romance films?
Sure, he also wrote The Big Lebowski.
Yes, it was released in 2015.
You are welcome.
He was in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
Wally Lamb wrote The Hour I First Believed, The Hour I First Believed, and The Hour I First Believed.
Yes, it was released in 1891.
Yes Wicked Appetite was released in 2009, and it's a romance.
I haven't read any of his books, but I heard he is a great author.
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest has genre Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he was. It was also turned into a movie. I highly recommend it.
Did you like the movie because it was starring Jada Pinkett Smith, or because it was a thriller?
Yes, he was in The Dark Knight Rises if you like that.
Yes, if you like Leo's movies you should check out The Incredibles.
I found it to be in a movie called The Picture of Dorian Gray.
Whalberg has been in a number of movies, including The Invasion and The House of Mirth.
You're welcome
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is written by J. D. Salinger. It's part of a series.
He also wrote The Horse Whispers, The Silver Chair, and The Chronicles of Narnia. Have you read any of those?
The Silver Chair is a fantasy and The Wardrobe is a Psychological thriller.
I sure do! He directed District 9, a crime fiction film directed by Ray Liote. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Kyla Pratt starred in it as well. She was also in House Bunny.
You're welcome!
Sure, she was in the romantic comedy Call Me Maybe Someday. Do you like that type of movie?
I have All My Sons, it was released in a long time.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a footballer who plays as forward for Manchester United F.C.
Javier Hernández is also on the Mexico national football team.
I believe he is from Guadalajara, Mexico and he is also a forward.
Bobby Farrelly wrote Stuck on You. Stuck on You is written by Peter Farrelly. Would you like more information?
If you like movies with Bobby Farrelly, you should check out Zoolander or You've Been Warned.
I am not familiar with Jim Carrey, but I know he was also in Horton Hears a Who!
You're welcome.
Isn't he a point guard with the Minnesota Timberwolves?
I'm not sure about that, but I have heard he's a good player
Who is your favorite player?
Sure! Number the Stars is written by Lois Lowry and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Lois Lowry wrote Anastasia Krupnik and The Lady in the Lake. Are you a fan of hers?
No problem, I'll send it right over.
Yes, Quentin Blake wrote The Twitts, The Witches and The BFG.
He wrote The Twitts and The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
I will also recommend the fantasy book The Golden Compass.
It was released in 2008. Would you like to know more about this?
You're welcome
This book was written by John Green, who also wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
The Fault in Our Stars was released in 2012. It was also made into a movie.
Absolutely!
The Firm is a thriller. If you like thrillers, you might also like The Ashes to Ashes.
The partner is a Juror. It is a legal thriller and legal thriller.
You're welcome!
Sure, he wrote Island and The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell. Are you familiar with either?
Yes, The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell was released in 1956. That was the same year that The Last Battle was released.
Yes, The Last Battle was released in 1956. That's the same year The Last Battle was released.
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, he wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes. It was released in 1987.
Yes, he also wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
He also wrote The Universe in a Nutshell: A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Enjoy!
You're welcome!
Yes, I can. She starred in Sneakers, Passion Fish and Mumford. All of which are excellent movies.
Yes, that's great, it is a great movie. Do you like Robert Redford as well?
That's right, she was also in The Rainmaker. Have you seen that movie?
They're both action movies.
He wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames and When You Are Engulfed in Flames. Are you familiar with those?
It is a Non-fiction and was released in 2008.
Yes that's correct. This book was also released in 2008. I highly recommend it.
Enjoy!
Yes, I do. I like her very much! She is very talented. Aside from being a great singer, she's also a Songwriter, and she can act, too!
I did, I'm not sure about that, but I do know that she's in a relationship with Justin Timberlake.
That's a great song I should listen to. Thank you for the information.
Sure, he starred in The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories.
Yes, it was released in 2000 and was directed by Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
Yes, Leslie Dixon also starred in it as well. It is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
Sure! Did you like it because it was a thriller, or because it was starring Matt Damon?
Yes that's correct. Do you like movies starring Sean Penn?
If you like thrillers, you might also enjoy Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
You're welcome!
Sure, he wrote The Crucible. Have you read that?
The film is based on the original novel by Christopher Bigsby. It was released in 1838.
Yes, I would recommend The Crucible, it is a tragedy.
Yes, The Fall of the House of Usher is written by J. D. Salinger and co-written by Christopher Bigsby. It was released in 2000.
You are very welcome.
Isn't he a point guard?
I don't know much about him other than he is from Oklahoma City. Do you like him?
There is a basketball team based in Oklahoma City called Space Jam.
He's one of the greatest defenders in the league.
Sure, Mary Harron directed American Psycho and was the Executive Producer on The Notorious Bettie Page. Have you seen either of these?
It is a crime fiction movie
your welcome
It was released in 2011
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Would you like other movies with him in that genre?
He wrote The Matrix Revisited, The Matrix Revisited, The Matrix Revolutions, The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revisited.
He wrote a book called No Strings Attached. It was also made into a movie.
He directed The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen it?
Scott Glenn starred in Allegiant, which is a Sci-Fi.
Well, it's a thriller that also stars Naomi Watts. It's considered a action film.
He wrote The Light Between Oceans which was released in 1960. Have you read it?
The Light Between Oceans has genre Speculative fiction.
The book starred Robin Williams and Joe Mantegna. Are you a fan of either?
You are welcome. Have a nice day.
Yes, Andy Tennant is a writer and athlete. He wrote The Bounty Hunter and Sweet Home Alabama.
Andy Tennant was also in the movie World Trade Center, The Bounty Hunter, and Sweet Home Alabama.
Yes, Fool's Gold is starring Katherine Heigl. It is an Action/Adventure.
Yes, he did. He also starred in Tiny Furniture and The House of Mirth.
You're welcome!
He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
Sorry, I do not have information on that
You are welcome
Yes, that is a good movie starring Ryan Reynolds. Do you like his movies?
If you like Taxi Driver, you might also enjoy X-Men Origins:Wolverine. Have you seen that one?
Enjoy!
I don't know much about Luis Suarez, other than he plays for the Uruguay national football team.
Yes, Liverpool F.C is a midfielder. Do you like football?
Yes that's true. Did you know he's from Rio de Janeiro?
Tom Brady is a pretty good quarterback. He's a quarterback and a great quarterback.
The Half-Blood Prince is written by J.K. Rowling, would you like to know more about it?
Yes, it was also written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like her work?
That's correct. I haven't read that one. I will have to check it out.
O Brother, Where Art Thou was written by John Irving, and it's a romance novel.
It stars Orlando Bloom and Danny DeVito. Do you like the movie?
No problem. What do you want to know about the movie?
You're welcome!
That book was written by Tennessee Williams and is in the genre of Southern Gothic. Would you like to know more about this book?
That's a great story. It was also made into a movie.
It was released in 1945. It is a drama.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Hayao Miyazaki wrote The Silence of the Lambs as well as The Messenger.
It stars a favorite of mine, J.K. Simmons, and is a romantic comedy.
Yes, Yuria Nara also starred in Valkyrie and Mystic River.
You're welcome!
I don't know too much about him, I know He's a Table Tennis player too. Do you know him?
I am not really sure about that. I do know that he went to the 2012 Olympics. Are you a fan?
Yes, the 2004 Olympics was the year that olympic swimming was released.
Did you know they were owned by Jim Caldwell and coached by Jim Caldwell?
I am not a huge fan of football but I do know that they are coached by Mike Shanahan
I am not a huge football fan but I do know they are coached by Mike Shanahan.
Not really, I am not much of a fan of soccer but I do know they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
Not really. I am more of a American Football fan. Are you a soccer fan?
The team is coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you follow soccer?
Horse and His Boy was written by David Seymour Hoffman. Would you like to hear more about that?
Yes, they are pretty good. They are in the same genre and they are pretty good.
You're welcome.
I love her! My favorite book by her is In Her Shoes. Are you familiar with that?
I haven't seen that one, but I heard it was good. I should check it out.
Okay, I'm sorry I don't have any recommendations for her. Is there anything else I can help with?
Have a great day!
Wonderful, have a good day!
Have a good day!
Yes, Odd THomas is starring by Dean Koontz and is considered a thriller.
I'm not sure if it's a movie, but I can recommend recommendations for other movies by Dean Koontz. Are you familiar with his work?
I'm not sure who wrote Worth Dying For, but it was released in 2005. It was written in English.
Jane Austen also wrote City of Bones and City of Ashes.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen in 1877. Would you like to read the book?
Jane Austen starred in the film, including Sense and Sensibility, alongside Sense and Sensibility.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Titanic stars Leonardo DiCaprio, do you like him?
Then you might also like The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. That's also a romance film.
Yes, it was adapted from a book by Veronica Roth. Would you like to know more about her?
You might enjoy The Giver or The Mists of Avalon.
Me too! She starred in The Proposal which is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes, she also stars in The Proposal with Sandra Bullock.
It's a romantic comedy
You're welcome
Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors, The Secret of Moonacre, and The Other Boleyn Girl.
They Do it with Mirrors has the genre Science Fiction and Speculative fiction.
Have you read Zodiac? It is a mystery novel written by Agatha Christie.
Yes, I love her. My favorite is The Special Relationship. Do you like her?
Yes, that's true. Do you like Helen McCrory's movies?
I see Ralph Fiennes is a great actor, but Mirnanda Richardson has been in a number of movies like The Good Doctor, and The Day After Tomorrow.
He directed, and produced Red Cliff. It was directed by John Woo, have you seen it?
The genre is Thriller and is a drama.
You might also enjoy the War film The Legend of Tarzan or the sequel War of the Worlds.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Madagascar was written by Jada Pinkett Smith, who also wrote Olympus Has Fallen, which is starring Omar Benson.
He was in Madagascar, an animated film. He was born in Madagascar and starred in Madagascar.
You are welcome.
Yes, he wrote The War of the Worlds and The Stand. Have you seen those?
Well, I think it's more of a science fiction, but Anna Kendrick also starred in The Worlds End.
I'm not sure about Shaun of the Dead, but I do know Shaun of the Dead is written by Edgar Wright.
I'll add that for you.
Isn't he a Point Guard?
Yes, he is a point guard from the Seattle Seahawks.
That is correct, one of the teams I'm aware of is the Lakers.
Sure, A Grief observed was written by C.S. Lewis and was released in 1942.
He also wrote Till We Have Faces, The Magician's Nephew, and The Horse Whisperer.
You're very welcome!
Andy Murray is a great tennis player, do you like him?
I don't know much about tennis, I know he is from the United States of America.
That's interesting, I did not know that. Did you know William Hurt was born in Honolulu?
I agree! I loved that tennis match from time to time.
He wrote Fast Food Nation : The Dark Side of the All-American Meal and starred in McLibel
Yes, Walt Whitman is the writer of Fast Food Nation. Are you interested in any of his other works?
It is considered children's literature. It is considered children's literature.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls along with Paul Walker and also in The Fast and the Furious.
The Fast and the Furious is starring Vin Diesel and is a Psychological thriller.
Yes he is in both. He was also in The Death and The Deathly Hallows as well. Have you seen either of those?
I'm not sure, but he passed in Takers
He starred in We Don't Live Here Anymore, The Truman Show, Civic Duty and Beastly. Would you like more information?
It's a Romance. Do you like Romance?
Your welcome.
No, I haven't. I know he is an athlete that plays Cricket for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
Sure, Fannie Flagg wrote A Redbird Christmas which is a Fiction novel. Do you like Fiction?
It was released in 2012
I do not have any information on any other psychological thrillers, but I can tell you that Fannie Flagg also wrote The Invisible Man, and Point of Retreat.
You're welcome!
That's a great movie! It was written by Joel Cohen and is such a great animated movie.
It is very funny, I think that he is a great actor. Have you seen Toy Story 3?
Yes, Toy Story 3 was written by John Lee Curtis and it is based on the true story of Toy Story 3 and it is based on the true story of Toy Story and it is based in the true story of a young-adult fiction genre
Absolutely! Memento is a Psychological thriller, do you like this genre?
Have you seen The Golden Compass starring Christopher Lee?
I'm not sure who stars in Wicker Park. Would you like me to name a few of the actors in the film?
You're welcome.
Yes, Jean M Auel wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
You might also enjoy "The Clan of the Cave Bear" written by J. D. Salinger.
Yes, they both wrote and were released in 1966.
You're welcome!
Yes, The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan and is a young-adult fiction book. It was released in 2000.
Sure! He wrote The Battle of the Labyrinth and The Titan's Curse. Are you familiar with either of those?
Yes, The Lost Hero was written by Rick Riordan. Would you like to hear other books by him?
I don't follow soccer that much, I do know he plays for FC Bayern Munich II for Germany.
Does he play for FC Bayern Munich?
I don't know much about him either. I do know he is a midfielder.
yes, he is very good. do you like any other team?
oh ok I see. do you like any other sports?
Oh yes, that's a great movie! I loved Ryan Gosling in it.
Sure! She wrote Pretty Little Liars, which is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, most of her works are influenced by Sissy Spacek and Vivica A Fox
You're very welcome!
I have never read National Treasure. Was that written by Oren Moverman?
Yes that is a great movie. Have you seen it?
I haven't seen Under the Tuscan Sun. Is this a Romantic Comedy?
Sure thing!
You are welcome!
The Grapes of Wrath is a novel written by John Steinbeck. Do you like John Steinbeck ?
It is a fiction novel do you like that?
The novel was written by John Steinbeck, it's a Historical novel novel. The novel was released in 1939.
I know that she is from Compton and that's all I know.
No, they call it at the end of the day. I actually don't have more information on football. What is that?
No, I am not sure. I do know the stadium is based in London. Do you like football?
No, I do not.
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know they are coached by Pete Carroll. Do you like them?
Michael Heim wrote Der Tod in Venedig.
Brandon Sanderson wrote Radiance and Warbreaker, have you read those?
Yes, he did have a book called The Hero of Ages as well, it is called The Hero of Radiance.
Yes, NARUTH was released in 2009.
Enjoy!
It's a crime fiction film starring Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal
I'm sorry, I do not have any information on that one. Would you like me to send a movie from him?
If you haven't seen the X-Men series, I highly recommend the films X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
I'm glad I could help. I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Bryan Singer directed The Usual Suspects. Are you familiar with it?
X-men 2 stars Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman.
I'm not sure, it is a thriller, he is also a director.
I like super hero thrillers, do you like X-Men 2?
You are welcome.
Yes, it was produced by bobbye slewis and is a thriller. Do you like that kind of movie?
No I haven't heard of him but I heard a lot about him in M. Night Shyamalan. Are you familiar with him?
I think you will enjoy them too.
Enjoy!
Sure Terry Gilliam wrote The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus which has genre in Adventure. Do you like adventure films?
The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus was released in 1982, the same year as The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus.
You're welcome
You're welcome
Sure, The Lucky One is a romantic drama written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like romantic dramas?
Have you read The Notebook by Nicholas Sparks?
The Wedding was released in 2012 and is a romance novel.
Yes, Zane Grey was influenced by Jonathan Kellerman.
You're welcome.
The Wolf of Wall Street stars Leonardo DiCaprio, do you like the movie because Mathew McConaughey?
The Wolf of Wall Street stars Leonardo DiCaprio and it's a satire.
Enjoy!
The Clan of the Cave Bear it's written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
You might also enjoy The Clan of the Cave Bear. It was written by Jean M. Auel.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Callum Rennie starred in eXistenZ and The Young and Prodigy.
Callum Rennie starred in eXistenZ. what else can i do for you?
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Vladimir Nabokov. He also wrote Lolita and Pale Fire.
It was also written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Would you like recommendations of other books by this author?
Another book written by Agatha Christie is In Her Shoes. Would you like to know more?
Gillian Flynn also wrote Dark Places.
The Scar is a novel written by J. D. Salinger released in 1903 and is in the genre of speculative fiction.
The Theory of Everything was directed by Kurt Wimmer and released in 2011. Do you like his work?
He has directed The Theory of Everything. He also directed The Theory of Everything.
The King is a drama and action film released in 1999. It was directed by Lames Marsh.
Total Recall is starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like his movies?
I don't have any more information on Ronny Cox. But I can tell you that he was also in Angels & Demons and The Silkworm.
He was in The Liar and The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner.
Your welcome.
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories?
Yes, Vanishing Acts was written by David Koepp. Would you like to know more about the book?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
Brave was directed by Steve Purcell who also directed Brave. Would you like to see other films by him?
Then you might also like The Chronicles of Narnia written by Robert C. O'Brien. It was produced by Brave.
You're welcome.
He's a Brazilian Footballer. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about soccer. Are you a soccer fan?
Yes and Luis Fabiano also plays for the Brazilian Football team
Yes I do. He wrote The Shadows of Perception & Heaven and Hell and The Bourbon Kings. Have you read those?
Yes, it's a drama. Have you seen it? It's a great movie.
It's a drama. Its a movie based on a book written by J. R. Ward. It was released in 2014.
I hope you enjoy it!
Is he an Indian crickter?
I don't know much about it, I don't follow it at all. Is Yuvraj Singh also an actor?
It does not look like that. Is there anything I'd like to know?
Yes, She wrote If You Take a Mouse to the Movies, If You Give a Pig a Pan, and If You Give a Pig a Pan. Have you read any of them?
Yes, it was actually released in 1985. That's the same year If You Give a Mouse a Cookie was released.
It was released in 1985.
You are very welcome!
Yes I do, Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction.
I do not have that information at my finger tips but they were released in the English language.
I love Perfect Chemistry too! It was written in English and is a novel in English.
Harold Ramis is best known for starring in Wicked Lovely, it is a Crime Fiction Film, do you prefer Crime Fiction?
Since you like comedies, you should try Undercover Brother. It's a very good movie.
I am not sure, I do not have that information
I haven't read it, but I heard it was written by Walter Isaacson. Do you like science fiction?
Wither was written by Steve Jobs in the genre of speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure! She also wrote A Thousand Splendid Suns, and The Magician's Land. Have you read either of those?
Hello, yes I do. He wrote The Night Circus which is a fantasy. Have you read it?
The Last Song is written by Nicholas Sparks and is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
Yes, True Believer is a Romance novel by Nicholas Sparks. Does that interest you?
Yes, The Last Song was released in 2003. It is a historical novel.
It is a Crime Fiction genre. It was also made into a movie.
You're welcome!
I like the dallah cowboys. It was written by Charles Dickens. Are you a fan?
Yes, I do love the Dallas Cowboys. Are you a fan of the Carolina Panthers?
Yeah, I love all the Cowboys.
Yes, he starred in Jumbo. He is an Indian International Cricketer. Do you like this sport?
Yes, he was also in Slumdog Millionaire.
I haven't seen that one, I will check it out. Did you know he was also an actor as well?
To Kill A Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee. Other books similar are Go Set a Watchman and The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie
No, The Twits was written by Harper Lee.
You are welcome.
I'm a big fan of badminton and I loved watching the 2012 Olympics. What about you?
No, I haven't. Is he a good athlete?
Yes, I have heard of Serena Williams, it is a tennis player.
I love him in Maroon 5 and I like him on the Voice. Do you like the Voice?
Bahati Prinsloo is a singer-songwriter.
Sure, it also has a few producers like Scott Bakula and Persuasion.
Yvonne Zima starred in this movie.
It is a Thriller.
It was released in 2011.
He also starred in Lord of War. Have you seen it?
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a drama.
He is the first movie in Romeo and Juliet.
You're welcome
Yes I do, he is a very talented song writer.
Yes, he is a good writer. I have heard of him he is a good writer.
It was released in 2002. He is also a musician.
I can recommend a movie Chaos, it is thriller. Have you ever seen it?
Yes, she's a great actress. She was in Zoolander and Its a thriller. Have you seen those?
Its a classic! Its also a thriller and a romance, starring Gerard Butler.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
No I have not. Are you a fan of the New York Yankees?
Yes Liam Neeson also stars in The Wildest Dream. It's a thriller/drama.
Unfortunately, I don't have much information on Schindler's List. I do know that he directed Captain Corelli's Mandolin.
Enjoy
Sure, The Greatgatsby was written by J. D. Salinger and was released in 1922.
Another book in the same genre would be Zoe's Tale and Zodiac.
Then you might also like The Witch of Blackbird Pond written by Anne Tyler.
You're welcome.
Sure thing! The Adventures of Tom Sawyer is written by Mark Twain. It was also made into a movie starring Mark Twain.
Sure, he wrote La sombra del viento, El otoo del patriarca.
El juego del viento was released in 2000. It's a speculative fiction.
That's great! I hope you enjoy it.
Sure, enjoy!
Of course, Lady Gaga is an American singer, songwriter, and athlete from England.
I do not know when it was released, but I do know that it is a romantic comedy.
The Muppets was written by Richard Linklater and released in 1981.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I have not really followed them much as they were the runner-up team in Super Bowl XLIII.
i like Lamar Jackson. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys though. How about you?
There is so much talent in that movie!
Do you like Spirit Bound because it's a paranormal romance, or because it's urban fantasy?
Other Young-Adult Fiction books include Frostbite, Shadow Kiss and Blood Promise.
The Fault in Our Stars has a genre of Young-Adult fiction and was released in 2011.
Absolutely! Other movies in this genre include The Hunger Games: Catching Fire and Snatch.
Yes, it was written by Lois Lowry and the genre is Speculative fiction.
Lois Lowry also wrote; Anastasia Krupnik. Anastasia Krupnik has genre Young-adult fiction.
The Giver is a speculative fiction novel by Lois Lowry.
Christopher Bigsby wrote The Crucible. Would you like to know more about this?
Have you read The Crucible by Christopher Bigsby?
Sure! Do you like Moonrise Kingdom because it's a Romance film?
There are so many! Have you tried The Count of Monte Cristo? It is one of my favorites.
It's also a film also starring Tim Blake Nelson and Natasha Richardson.
Of course, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it was written by Quentin Tarantino and starred Samuel L. Jackson.
Sure! It was released in 2011. It has a genre of Fantasy, Comedy and Adventure. It was directed by Roger Avary.
He also wrote The Legend of Tarzan which is a historical novel.
I don't know that fact in my records but I do know Silent Hill is a Horror film.
I liked her in A view to a Kill, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade and Major League II. Have you read those?
She was also in the movie A Thousand Splendid Suns, alongside Alison Doody.
You're welcome!
I do. Did you know that she starred in Men in Black 3?
Is there a specific album I should listen to?
I'm not really sure about that one, I really don't know a lot about her. Is there a specific album I should listen to?
Sure, she wrote The Thorn Birds and The First Man in Rome.
The Thorn Birds was released in Romance and The First Man in Rome was released in 1977.
The House of Mirth written by Colleen McCullough is a drama.
Alison Doody starred in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusoe of York Mariner.
The Last Crusade was released in 1995
Harrison Ford and Channing Tatum also star in the film
you are welcome
Of course, I can recommend Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets for one.
Have you read the entire Harry Potter series?
Enjoy!
Daphne du Maurier wrote Rebecca and My Cousin Rachel.
Rebecca was released in 1938.
Yes. Her translation is English.
Yes, I like him in This is 40.
Yes, The Muse is starred in The Muse, which is a Romance.
I do! The Muse is also starring Joe Pesci. It is a Comedy/drama.
You're welcome!
I love that movie with Steve Carell, it is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, that's great. Did you know he also starred in The Wildest Dream and Zathura: A Space Adventure?
Yes, Zach Galifianakis is in it. You are welcome.
You might like The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, or The Titan's Curse.
Susan Meissner wrote Anastasia Krupnik. Anastasia Krupnik has genre Young-adult fiction.
You are welcome!
You are welcome, have a great day!
Sure, do you like it because it's a Sci-Fi movie?
Yes, Rupert Graves starred in it as well, along with Will Smith.
You are welcome!
They are a pretty good team. They're coached by Jim Caldwell. Are you a fan?
That's very interesting, I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. Are you a Patriots fan?
The only other teams in the NFL are the Seattle Seahawks, but we can't wait to see their game back then.
I like John Lennon, he wrote The Yellow Submarine.
He also wrote Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
Well, if you like Ant-Man, you might enjoy X-Men Days of Future Past.
I haven't heard of any of them but I do enjoy the comic book genre. Are you a fan of comic book films?
Then you might also like The Passage if you haven't seen that.
You are welcome.
Enjoy your book!
Pearl Harbor was released in 1967 and was a Romance Film. Do you like Romance?
Pearl Harbor was also a movie written by J. D. Salinger.
Yes, I love that movie. It was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like it?
There is a sequel
Aaron Sorkin wrote all of the Harry Potter movies.
No problem enjoy the movie!
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
Oh, I didn't know that! What's your favorite basketball player?
Yes, it stars Steve James. He's also in The Warrior's Way, The Skulls.
I haven't seen it, but I did like Space Jam. It was such a fun movie for sure. I also like the movie Space Jam.
Rebecca Skloot wrote The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
The Immortal Life has genre Science and Psychological thriller.
You are welcome, have a good day.
The coach is John Fox. Have you heard of him?
Yes and Packer is currently playing for the Dallas Cowboys.
I like Basketball but my husband is a big fan of them.
Sure, he starred in Twilight: The Apostle. Are you a fan of adventure films?
Yes, it was a great movie. It also starred Miranda Richardson and Farrah Fawcett.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is also an athlete. Isn't he married to Shaun White?
I think he did. He was also in the Winter XXIV and was released in 2011.
I wonder if he was in Snowboarding as well, along with Angelina Jolie Pitt.
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
If you like science fiction I would recommend The Tuxedo and the X-Men series. Would you like science fiction recommendations?
The Adjustment Bureau is starring Charlie Sheen and Josh Brolin. It is a science fiction film.
You are welcome!
Isn't he a quarterback?
I haven't followed him much, I know he is a Quarterback for the Dallas Cowboys.
I haven't seen any of them but I do know he is also a writer.
Yes I do, it was written by Paulo Coelho and is a paranormal romance. Do you like these genres?
No it is not silly but it was released in 2012
No but I know Spirit Bound is part of the series
No problem
If you like Divergent, you might also like The Hunger Games.
It's young adult fiction, and was released in 2012.
The very hungry caterpillar is written by S.S. Wilson. Were you looking for more by the same author?
Yes he did. The Seven Habits of Highly Effective People is another one of my favorites.
Another great children's book is The Fault in Our Stars.
Yes, he also wrote Ant-Man and The Invisible Man.
Yes. The Notebook is a great one by him.
You're welcome
Bruce Greenwood starred in The Republic of Love with Gary Farmer.
I'm not sure who else starred in The Republic of Love, but Jackie Burroughs also starred in The Republic of Love.
You're welcome!
I think he's a good football player. Do you follow football?
I haven't really followed him but I do know he is a Quarterback for the Packers.
Mike McCarthy also plays for the Green Bay Packers
Yes she wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read either of those?
World Without End is a Horror novel written by Elizabeth Kostova.
No I do not have that information.
You are most welcome.
That's a great story. Other books in the same genre include The Sixth Sense and The Fault in Our Stars.
Yes, the Winnie-the-Pooh was written by Anne McCaffrey, who also wrote Winnie-the-Pooh.
Yes, it is. It was written by Anne McCaffrey and was released in 1904.
You're welcome, enjoy.
I don't have a favorite player, but I do know their coach is Jason Kidd.
Oh, I wasn't aware. I don't know much about his last team, but I do know he's a good player.
I don't know much about the Greek Freaks. I'm not familiar with the Greek Freaks though.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by Steve Kloves. Would you like to know more about this?
Yes he did Wonder Boys was released in 1985.
Yes, Linkin Park is still with Meryl Streep.
The Road is a post-apocalyptic fiction written by Rick Riordan. Are you a fan of speculative fiction novels?
Other science fiction titles include; Wolverine and the Xenocide. Do these interest you?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
He normally writes science fiction as well as science fiction as speculative fiction.
Yes he does write science fiction as well as science fiction as science fiction as well.
You're welcome!
Do you like Tom Hanks as an actor?
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy A Christmas Carol or The Princess Diaries.
Yes, Tom Hanks does not star in that one, but he did star in The Mists of Avalon.
You're welcome!
Yes I do. She wrote one called In the Valley of Elah. Would you like to know more about her?
Yes, she was also on Saturday Night Live. Do you like Saturday Night Live?
I haven't seen it, but I heard it was a great show. Do you have a favorite show?
I'm not sure, but I have heard it was a great show.
I don't have that information, but I do know that he was also in The Invention of Lying.
Yes, she's a talented athlete, a very good football player.
I know he's from the United States of America. Isn't he a writer?
Yeah, she's from Compton and played in the movie Remember The Titans.
I love her song Your Love is My Drug. Are you a fan of her?
Yeah, I'm a big fan of hers. I like Tik Tok and Die Young. Are you a fan of hers?
That's interesting. I like Yellow Submarine too. Did you know that he's a singer?
Yes, Beatrice Sparks wrote Go Ask Alice.
Yes, that's correct. Do you like thrillers?
It was. It was directed by Beatrice Sparks, and was released in 1997.
No problem, I am happy to help.
Similar authors would be Ray Bradbury. He wrote The Martian Chronicles and The Iliad. Are you familiar with these?
Yes, it's speculative fiction. If you like that genre, you'll like The Martian Chronicles.
Yes, Wintersmith is written by Terry Pratchett. It's also speculative fiction.
You're welcome!
Enjoy!
Yes I do, he directed Horrible Bosses a very funny film
Freakonomics starred Ian McKellen. Would you like to know more about it?
Cristiano Ronaldo plays with the Real Madrid C.F. a Portugal national football team.
What other sports do you like?
Yes, that's correct. Did you know she was also a model?
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie, would you like titles like The Matrix?
Of course! Arnold Schwarzenegger also stared in The Terminator and The Matrix Revolutions.
Great question! Arnold Schwarzenegger is playing the role of the movie.
Yes, Ella Enchanted stars Yvonne Zima and Yvonne Zima.
Ella Enchanted is starring Zoey Deutch and is a Speculative fiction
Yes, Ella Enchanted is written by Quentin Tarantino.
You are welcome
Sure, Irwin kershner wrote Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back.
It was written by J. D. Salinger and is a Speculative fiction.
William Lucking also starred in The Mummy Returns.
He wrote Madame Bovary, a romance novel. Do you like those kinds of books?
It was released in 1856.
Zoe's Tale was released in 1856.
Zoe's Tale is speculative fiction and science fiction.
Yes, that is a great movie written by Kurt Wimmer do you like his work?
Yes he was
No, I haven't. Do you like dramas?
Heart of Darkness is written by Joseph Conrad. It's a Fiction Novel which was released in 1910.
The Portable Atheist is a Speculative fiction. Have you read it?
Yes, it is. It's a very popular book.
peter pan is a very popular one written by J.M. Barrie.
It was released in 1904
Yes, J.M. Barrie also wrote The Shawshank Redemption.
I do not have any additional information on that.
Enjoy!
Sure! Emily Bronte wrote The Mists of Avalon which is a Speculative fiction. Have you read it?
It's considered a Gothic Fiction. Do you like Gothic fiction?
Done! I hope you enjoy them!
Sure, he wrote a book called David Copperfield. Are you a fan?
Charles Dickens also wrote Oliver Twist and A Christmas Carol, have you read either of those?
You're welcome! Have a wonderful day.
That's a great book! It was written by Richelle Mead and is considered young adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it was written by Richelle Mead.
I believe it is a fantasy.
I'd recommend The Golden Compass.
Sure, he is a tennis player. He played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
Not really, I don't like watching tennis. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
That's amazing. I have never been there and I wish I had a chance. Are they a good team?
Blake Griffin is a basketball player. Are you a fan of the team?
Oh, I'm not familiar with that guy. Is he a good player?
Oh, I don't follow basketball too closely to be honest. Do you like the Staples Center?
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
Recommendations in the Fantasy genre
Your welcome.
Yes, The Help was produced by Tate Taylor and released in 2012. It was such a touching movie.
Yes, she was in The Help as well as the movie The Other Guys.
She has been in quite a few including The Help and The Other Boleyn Girl.
He directed The Ninth Gate, which is a crime fiction. Do you like that genre?
Oh yea that's one of the most popular musicals of all time.
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Monuments Men. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like the author Pat Conroy because of its genre?
It is! If you like Pat Conroy, you should definitely check out The Water is Wide and The Peace of the World.
Flannery O'Conner has written a number of books. She's also a writer.
It's considered children's literature.
Your welcome.
Yes, she starred in aliens. Are you familiar with that movie?
If you like Bill Paxton, you might also like The Truth About Forever. Have you seen that one?
If you like Tombstone, you might also enjoy The Truman Show. It also stars Robert De Niro.
You're welcome!
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to know more from her?
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. what else can i do for you?
You are welcome
Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction
Sorry, I don't know that one. Would you like to know more about her?
Your welcome. Hope you enjoy them.
Paul Verhoeven starred in Robocop. He is also a film producer.
If you like RoboCop, you might also enjoy The Merchant of Venice.
Total Recall is a science fiction book released in 2011.
You are welcome.
Sure, Snow White and the Huntsman was written by John Lee Hancock. Would you like to know more about the movie?
It's a great one. I think you will like Snow White and the Huntsman as well.
I don't know that one, but I do know that it is a romance film. Do you like romance films?
I don't know that one but I do know that Kristen Stewart was also in Ocean's Eleven. Do you like Kristen Stewart?
I do not have any other information on that movie right now.
Yes, I would recommend Transformers: Dark of the Moon and Titan A.E. Also, Titan A.E.
Have you seen the other Hobbit movies?
The Golden Compass was written by Philip Pullman and is a fantasy novel.
Glad I could help.
Have a great day!
Yes, Collateral was directed by Tom Cruise and stars Tom Cruise. Do you like his movies?
Yes, he did write Public Enemies. It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, I recommend The Proposal. It is a great movie.
You're welcome!
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like his movies?
Tom Wilkinson starred in that movie. Do you like his movies?
Colin Firth and Josh Brolin are in the movie.
You are welcome.
Yes, they are a professional American football team based in San Francisco, California.
Oh, I see. I'm not a huge fan of the San Francisco Giants. Are they a good team?
That's a great place to start with!
Denzel Washington and James Wilcox star in the Equalizer.
Sure, she was also in The Pillars of the Earth and The Invisible Man.
Yes, it was released in 1999.
You're welcome. Have a great evening!
He is a table tennis player from China. Are you a fan?
Yes, he is from China. I haven't been to China. Is that a sport?
Yes, that's correct. He also starred in Red Dragon as well.
He wrote The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, and The Adventures of Tom Sawyer. Do you like those?
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer was also written by Guy Cardwell as well as The Adventures of Tom Sawyer.
Mark Twain also wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. Would you like to know more about this?
Sure. He wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, which is considered a children's book.
Enjoy
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She also wrote Pride and Prejudice.
Pride and Prejudice and Zombies is probably one of my favorites.
Persuasion is a romance novel, do you like romance novels?
The Hunt for Red October book is written by Tom Clancy and the next book is To Kill a Mockingbird. Are you a fan of this author?
It was actually released in 2016. The genre is Science Fiction.
You're very welcome!
Ben Stiller wrote Zoolander and starred in it.
Yeah, I didn't know he was in that movie. I really liked The Fault in Our Stars.
Yes, he did. If you like that one, you should check out The Royal Tenenbaums. It is such a touching movie.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
I like the song Crossroads, what is your favorite song of hers?
Yes, I think I remember that she was married to Mirka Federline.
That's great! I haven't seen the movies that she's in, too. I know she was married to Gisele Bunny.
Do you like The Terminal because it's a drama?
It's a thriller released in 2012, released in 2012. Do you like thrillers?
They both seem to be funny. Steven Spielberg also wrote Go Set a Watchman which is also a comedy.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, he directed Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
The Great Escape was released in 2014. What do you think about it?
Great choice! The Towering Inferno was written by Rick Riordan, who also wrote The Last Airbender.
You're welcome! Enjoy.
Heart of Darkness has genres Novella and Fiction. Do you like these genres?
Jean-Marc Vallée wrote that one.
The Very Hungry Caterpillar is a picture book written by Charles Dickens
That was a great movie by Terry Pratchett who also wrote Beyond the Valley of the Dolls.
It was released in 1900.
It was written by Luc Besson
Yes,It is in the Adventure Genre
Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory is written by steve Kloves
Not really, I know he's a player on the Argentina national football team, but I'm not a big fan
I'm really into sports. It's hilarious. And of course he plays the forward position.
He certainly is. He's such a great coach. I'm not sure if he is on the team, but I do know that he was also a forward.
Yes, Tom Hanks is lead in The Fugitive.
Yes, he was in Star Wars: The Force Awakens.
Yes, will do.
He directed The Perks of Being a Wallflower. Do you like the Romance genre?
Denzel Washington starred in that movie.
Yes she was. She was also in The Perks of Being a Wallflower.
I'm not sure, but I can recommend other movies written by Stephen Chbosky.
No problem.
Yes I do it is written by Anne Rice and it stars Brad Pitt and Tom Cruise
Tom Cruise also stars in Vanilla Sky with Josh Brolin.
Andres Iniesta is written by Christopher Paolini and is a Fantasy. Do you like Fantasy?
I don't really follow baseball, but I do know that they are owned by Magic Johnson and Frank McCourt.
Yes they are a goof team. I am not a big fan of the Astros but I have heard they are a good team.
That is correct. The team is coached by Mike Tomlin and coached by Mike Tomlin.
I agree. The world series is a great team. The team is coached by John York.
Do you like the movie because it's a drama or a romance?
Then you might also enjoy Aline Brosh McKenna's work as well as The Dark Knight Rises.
Enjoy!
Sure, Patrick McGoohan starred in Treasure Planet and The Phantom. Have you seen those?
Yes, Martin Short was also in Treasure Planet. He did an amazing job in it.
The Legend of Zorro is a historical period drama. Are you a fan of those actors?
William Friedkin directed The Hunted, The Exorcist, and The Hunt for Red October. Do you want to know more about these films?
It is a biographical film. Would you like to watch it?
I don't know any other thrillers, but I can recommend other thrillers, like Shark Night, starring Kyla Pratt.
You're welcome!
Yes I do. She wrote The Good Earth which is a Historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is a romance. Do you like romance movies?
No, that is correct. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No problem. I am happy to help.
I haven't heard much about it but I do know that it's a Thriller.
I like Basketball. What about you?
I'll have to admit sports to it. My favorite sport is football.
He directed Little Miss Sunshine which is a comedy.
He also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
Liam Neeson starred in it. It's a good romantic comedy.
Alan Arkin also starred in Insomnia and The Tree of Life.
Yes she is. Did you know she is also a model?
Wow, I am not sure about that. Do you like watching tennis?
You are welcome.
He was a Journalist and wrote a Biography. Do you like Biography?
Sure! Ralph Steadman was the author of The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke.
Absolutely, I can tell you he's also an author who wrote a book called Never Let Me Go which was released in 1971.
Absolutely, I am always happy to help.
Yes, Ella Enchanted is a children's literature book.
She also wrote Fairest and The Two Princesses of Bamarre, have you read those?
Yes it is Fantasy. Do you like Fantasy?
It was also written by Gail Carson Levine and is considered Speculative fiction.
I'm not a fan of the Denver Broncos but I like their coach John Fox. Are you a fan?
Yes it does he also play for the Denver Broncos
Yes, he was drafted by the Denver Broncos
Yes, He is a football player, his position is forward
He plays for the Argentina national football team.
Well, I'm not a big soccer fan myself.
Are you looking for books written by Jeff Kinney? Jeff Kinney also wrote The Long Haul.
I believe it is a romantic comedy, but it was released in 1990.
No problem, enjoy!
Apocalypto is a Romance film written by James Dashner. Do you like Romance films?
He actually wrote Apocalypto, which was directed by H.G. Wells. Do you like his movies?
Sure! The Passion of Christ is starring Hristo Shopov as well as Maia Morgenstern. It is a Crime Fiction film, do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome!
Sure, it was written by Veronica Roth. If you like Divergent you might also like The Hunger Games.
Veronica Roth also wrote Insurgent and Four: A Divergent Collection.
You are welcome.
Yes, it was released in 2012.
PS, I love it! It was written by Cecelia Ahern. It was also made into a movie.
Z for Zachariah is another good one.
It is a romance. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, I would recommend Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, it is a great movie.
The Golden Compass starring Sam Elliott is a great fantasy movie.
The movie was written by Philip Pullman and is a fantasy. Do you like his movies?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He directed Cutthroat Island, starring Frank langella, and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Yes, he was also in it. He was also in The Long Kiss Goodnight.
The Long Kiss Goodnight also stars Meryl Streep and Tom Hanks.
You are welcome.
I don't know much about her, but I heard she composed The Wildest Dream.
I don't know much about Shakira's music but I do like her song Hot n Cold. Do you have a favorite song?
Isn't Ricky Martin the guy from Nashville? I think he starred in that movie.
It was written by Jojo Moyes. Do you like the author Jojo Moyes?
Me Before You was written by Robert C. O'Brien and also is a thriller, have you seen it?
I do not have that information at my finger tips but I can tell you that it is also Science Fiction. Do you like that genre?
I do! She's a Danish tennis player. Are you a fan of hers?
I agree. Did you know that Venus has a sister named Serena?
Yes, I agree, they are amazing.
I think Mike Woodson is a good coach. Do you like them?
Oh, yea he is a good player. he also plays for the Brooklyn Nets.
Oh yea that's great. I haven't heard of Hoop Dreams before.
Isn't he a football player?
I watch it sometimes. I like to watch football. My favorite team is the Washington Redskins.
It is a great movie. I hope you enjoy it.
He wrote The Water is Wide, The Prince of Tides and The Lords of Tides.
The Water is Wide has genre Historical fiction
He also wrote The Water is Wide
Your welcome
The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan, the next book in the series is The Titan's Curse.
Yes, it was also written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her books?
No I haven't read that one but I heard it was a good horror. Do you like horrors?
Enjoy!
Yes I do. It was written by Mickey Knox. Are you a fan of adventure films?
Well, it was written by Sergio Leone, and it's a Speculative Fiction.
Well, Once Upon a Time in the West was written by Sergio Leone who also wrote The Good, The Bad and the Ugly.
City of God is a sci-fi adventure film written and directed by Paul Harrington. Are you familiar with his work?
Well, City of God is starring Katherine Heigl, and Cast Away. Would you like more of his movies?
The Manchurian Candidate was written by Robert Mulligan and released in 1960. It is a Crime Fiction.
Yes, The Manchurian Candidate was written by Richard Condon and starring Denzel Washington.
That is a Zombie Film starring Leonardo DiCaprio. Are you a fan of Tom Hardy?
Yes he is a composer/DJ. Some of his work is Where Have You Been and We Found Love.
Yes, he is a DJ right?
Andy Murray has been around for a while. Is that what you're looking for?
I like tennis. I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer. Do you like either?
I have never been to a professional tennis game so I would not be surprised if it was on the television.
Sure, Sylvia Day wrote The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Cursoe of York Mariner
It is a Non-fiction
You're welcome
Well, Rob Riggle starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys. Are you familiar with them?
I don't know what songs she sing, but I do like The Weeknd. Do you like The Weeknd?
Yes, you're right. Do you like Taylor Swift? She's from the UK.
I haven't heard of Shakira, but I heard Sia Furler is a great singer. Is she a singer?
She sure did! I also like Lyricists. I'm a big fan of Sia Furler. Have you heard of him?
Yes, Virat Kohli is an Indian international cricketer who currently captains the India national team.
What sport do you like?
Yes, he also starred in Scream 4 and A Bug's Life.
Sure! He starred in Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow. Have you seen those?
Yes, Bill Paxton was also in it as well as Bill Paxton.
Yes, that was a great movie. Do you like science fiction movies?
1989 was the year Field of Dreams was released.
Do you like the movie because it's a Fantasy?
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban was a great movie by James Patterson. Have you seen it?
It's a fantasy movie directed by Matt Damon. Do you like the movies?
Yes, he is. Do you like science fiction movies?
You're welcome.
Yes, it was also written by Sophie Kinsella and was released in 2003.
She also wrote The Undomestic Goddess. Are you a fan of this genre?
I do not have any other recommendations at this time.
Hope you enjoy it!
Sure, have a good day!
He's a pretty good athlete. He plays cricket and was born in Chennai. Do you like cricket?
Not really, I am not a fan of sports but I have heard a little about it. I prefer American Football.
Well, I'm a fan of Shia LaBeouf. It's more of a science fiction, but it's very interesting to know.
Sure, did you like it because it was written by Gillian Flynn, or because it was the genre Suspense/Mystery?
I'm not sure if she has written Sharp Objects but it was released in 2014, which was the same year that The Darkest Road was released.
I'm not sure if it is a new book but it was released in 2014.
Sure. Dominic Copper starred in Warcraft and The History Boys.
Yes, it is a musical. Do you like musicals?
You are welcome! It also starred Marc Lawrence.
You are welcome.
Anne-Marie is a singer. Is that who you mean?
They are a pretty good baseball team. My favorite team is the Atlanta Braves. Do you like them?
I haven't been following them although I do enjoy the coaching style of the Giants. Who is your favorite player?
No, I haven't. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't know much about Aaron Rodgers, but I do know he's a good quarterback.
It came out in 1999. It's a really good game.
Yes, Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Wayside School is Falling Down. Do you like reading books by Steven Spielberg?
It was released in 1989 which is the same year as Wayside School is Falling Down was released.
Wayside School is Falling Down is considered children's literature. It is a mystery. Do you like children's literature?
I'm not a big golf fan but I have heard of him from the news. Did you know he also starred in Tin Cup?
Yes, he is a great golfer. Do you like golf?
Yes, I enjoy dramas. Would you like to know more about Entourage?
Would you like me to add those to your list?
The Time Machine is a place to start.
The Time Machine was released in 1926, the same year The War of the Worlds was released.
No I haven't seen it but I did see it. Did you know that Tom Hanks also starred in it?
You're welcome!
The movie A Space Odyssey is starring Daniel Day-Lewis and Jared Leto have you seen it?
I do like James Harden, he is a shooting guard, and plays the forward position. Do you like him?
Yes, that's a good one. I haven't heard of that one. I'm a fan of Willie Green's.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I like the Boston Red Sox but I don't like their owner George Steinbrenner.
The Yankees play in the American League after the 1986 World Series. The Yankees are currently playing in the American League as well.
Of course, the Yankees play in the American League as well as the Boston Red Sox. Both are excellent teams!
Psycho is written by James Dashner. It's also a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
Joseph Stefano was a very good actor. Do you like his movies?
I do not have that information. But he was in A Christmas Carol, which is a drama.
Is that the team David Beckham used to play for?
Yes. The Bucs are one of the best football teams in the league.
Do you know who starred in The Buccaneers?
Sure, do you like the movie because it's a thriller?
Stallone also stars in The Expendables and The House of Mirth.
Creed is a Science Fiction Film directed by Jason Statham. Would you like recommendations for other movies by him?
You are very welcome!
Michael Crichton wrote the book Disclosure. Does this interest you?
The Great Train Robbery is a self-help book and it's a psychological thriller.
You're welcome!
Well, he's a great actor. He's in a favorite movie, The Good Doctor. Are you familiar with his movies?
I don't know, but it is directed by Peter Hyams
I haven't seen any other movies he is in
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen and is a Romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
I recommend In the Heat of the Night. It's also a satire.
The Time Machine is written by H.G. Wells and is a satire.
He directed Jurassic World. Are you familiar with that film?
Jurrasic World is a fantasy, starring Omar Sy.
If you like Thrillers you may want to check out Shark Night or Zodiac.
You're welcome.
Great, he starred in The Rules of Attraction and The Butterfly Effect. Are you a fan?
I haven't seen that one but I do know that Renee Zellweger is in it too.
Yes, it is a drama.
That's really cool. I haven't seen Benjamin Button before but I've heard a lot about Benjamin Button.
They're a pretty good team. I like their coach Jason Garrett. Are you a fan?
It is. Did you know Rowdy was the coach of the Dallas Cowboys?
The only one I have that is Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone.
He has also directed Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
It stars Harrison Ford and Farrah Fawcett. Are you interested in those actors?
Yes, Sean Connery starred in it as well. It's a Thriller.
Gillian Flynn. She's from the United States.
He also wrote Dark Places and Dark Places.
I don't know any other authors. Are you familiar with The Witch of Blackbird Pond?
Yes, I do agree.
I haven't read a whole series but I enjoy science fiction like War of the Worlds.
Great, glad I could help.
Ravichandran Ashwin is a cricketer from India. Do you like cricket?
Is he a cricket player?
I agree! He's one of the best cricketers of all time.
I haven't seen game live, but I heard that it's a great sport to watch. I usually like football and baseball. How about you?
I'm actually more of a baseball fan. My favorite team is the Washington Redskins. Do you like baseball?
You too!
Yes, Houston Rockets is a basketball team owned by Leslie Alexander. Are you a fan of this team?
It is a drama. It was released in 2014 and directed by Ridley Scott.
Yes, that's a great movie. Do you have any information about it?
Yes, it is. If you like that one, you should also check out Zombieland X-Men.
Anything else I can help you with?
The Great Gatsby was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald, who also wrote Tender is the Night.
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is one of his most popular works.
Erich Maria Remarque wrote Im Westen nichts Neues and Drei Kameraden. Are you into foreign books?
I'm not sure when Arc de Triomphe was released. This book is in the English language and was released in 1945.
Yes, the book was also written in English.
My pleasure!
Not really. I do know that Caroline Wozniacki is a tennis player. Do you like her?
She plays tennis as a forward in the movie called Venus Williams.
That's pretty much all I know about. I have heard about her sister Serena Williams in the film.
Yes, I like it too. I have never been to a professional tennis game before but I did like it.
I agree. I love the fashion fashion. Is there a specific sport you like?
Yes, I do. Did you know that it was written by Tennessee Williams and is a drama?
Williams also played in Cat on a Hot Tin Roof
Williams also wrote Cat on a Hot Tin Roof.
You are welcome
In the Woods was written by Tana French and it is a Mystery. Do you like because of its genre or its genre?
In the Woods is written by J. D. Salinger. He also wrote In the Woods: The Odyssey of Pat Tillman
You're welcome. Enjoy.
He wrote Thirteen Reasons Why and The World According to Garp. Have you read those?
He has directed many films, including Insomnia and The Usual Suspects.
Yes, the lead cast is David Ayer. It's also a thriller and also stars Nicholas Cage.
Yes, he has starred in Harsh Times as well.
Your welcome.
Isn't Mike Zimmer a coach?
The Vikings are currently 2nd in the NFC North. The Vikings are part of the NFC North division. Do you follow them?
My husband's favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Which team do you root for?
Andrew Garfield wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
The Social Network is starring Andrew Garfield and Andrew Garfield.
The genre is considered a Biographical film
The Social Network was released in 1994 and starred Drew Barrymore and Aaron Sorkin
It is a drama and a biography. Are you interested in watching it?
2010 is a movie written by Aaron Sorkin. Are you familiar with his work?
You're welcome!
Sure, Ang Lee directed Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
It also starred J.K. Simmons and Jed Brophy.
Tobey Maguire also wrote The Wool Cap, which is a thriller.
Sure! It was written by Christopher Paolini and is a young-adult fiction book. It was released in 2014.
Yes, it is considered a young-adult fiction. It is also considered speculative fiction.
You are very welcome!
Throne of Glass was written by Sarah J Maas. She also wrote the Assassin and the Desert.
It was released in 2016. Do you like that book because of its story line?
Enjoy!
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that it was released in 1817.
Yes, I have. Did you know that Jane Austen also wrote Mansfield Park?
I know she plays Badminton in the Indian national team. I believe it is a sport similar to tennis.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information about any other players.
I'm sorry, I do not have that information.
It was also a book written by David Bryne. Do you like books by him?
He directed Seven Psychopaths? Do you like dark comedies?
Yes, he is a scientist. Are you a scientist?
He wrote The Devil Wears Prada. Did you know he is also a scientist?
I do! He's a great actor. He's been in a number of movies including The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
Have you seen WALL-E or The Muppets?
It stars Woody Harrelson, Cameron Crowe and Cameron Diaz.
I'll do that right away.
Homer wrote The Iliad, which was made into a movie. Have you seen it?
The Iliad is another example of this genre. Another example of this genre is Xenocide.
Yes, it's a good book. It was made into a movie. It was written in English.
I like their coach Pete Carroll but I don't like they're coach. Who is your favorite coach?
Yes, that's true. Did you know they were a runner-up in Super Bowl XLVIII?
They haven't won a Super Bowl XLVIII. I hope they will make it to the Super Bowl.
It's a great movie! It stars Sandra Bullock and Ryan Reynolds. It is a Romance film.
Sandra Bullock is a former world No. 1 in singles written by David Fincher. Would you like to know more about her?
Yes Oceans 8 is starring Rupert Grint
Sure, have you read The Sum of All Fears or The Hunt for Red October?
It actually is. It was actually made into a movie starring Charlaine Harris. Do you like books like that?
Yes it is. Do you want to know more about Tom Clancy's books?
They are a professional basketball team in the NFC south. Are you a fan?
The team is coached by Mike Woodson
Yes,It is a part of the NFC South.
You're welcome
It was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Ralph Fiennes and Colin Farrell.
Sure, he was in White Oleander as well as in The Wedding Date.
If you liked Seven Psychopaths, you might also enjoy The Maze Runner or The Cold Moon.
You're welcome!
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football franchise based in the Denver Broncos. They are the runner-up team in Super Bowl XLIII.
John Fox, Jim Caldwell, and Jay Hernandez to name a few. Do you know any of them?
Yes, it's a great movie! It stars Vin Diesel and Paul Walker. Do you like them?
I haven't seen it, is it a Thriller?
I'm not sure about that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I will.
Have you seen the whole series? Do you like that genre?
Yes, the movie is based on the book.
Is there anything else I can help with?
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, He's a golfer from Dallas. Do you like golf?
No I did not know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he is a Major League Soccer team, and the Manchester United F.C are my personal favorites.
Yes, I know that she wrote I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings. Have you read it?
Yea, I agree with you on that. Have you heard of Poets and Dogs?
Of course, it was first published in 1851.
Of course, I hope you enjoy them both.
Sure, he wrote она и мир and was released in 1869.
James Franco is a great actor. His most well-known role is probably from Spiderman with Toby McGuire. Have you seen that version?
It is a comedy starring Seth Rogan and James Franco. Are you familiar with them?
It is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
You are welcome.
You're welcome.
Isn't he a soccer player?
No, I don't know much about football either. What sports do you like?
I have never seen it. Who was in that movie?
Doctor Zhivago stars Jared Leto, I really liked that movie.
It was written by Rick Riordan, it's a young-adult fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes he did! Vespers Rising was also written by Percy Bysshe Shelley
It was released in 2011 with the same year that The Throne of Fire was released!
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
sorry i do not have that information
Mary Ann Shaffer wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society. She is also an author from New York.
Yes, he is a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
Ray Bradbury wrote many books including The Martian Chronicles and The Iliad.
I haven't read Fahrenheit 451 but Ray Bradbury wrote The Martian Chronicles
It was released in 1838, the same year as The Martian Chronicles
Sure, hope you enjoy it!
He plays for FC Barcelona, right? Other than that, I do not know much.
No, I haven't. Do you have any idea who starred in that movie?
Is that the movie written by Adam Sandler, starring Ben Stiller?
I like Rob Schneider too, he's a great actor. I also like his movies as well.
Yes, she was in Frida too.
Joe Morton wrote What Lies Beneath, which is a Romance. Do you like Romance?
Beneath is a Thriller. Other Thrillers you may enjoy are; Shark Night, X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse.
If you like action movies, you might also enjoy The Golden Compass or The Prestige.
Enjoy your movie!
Yes, Saina Nehwal is a professional badminton professional badminton player
I am not sure, but I do know that she is from India.
Yes he is, he is a great player from India.
Do you like Thor because it stars Scarlett Johansson?
The movie starring Robert Downey Jr, Jake Gyllenhaal, Kirsten Dunst, Chris Hemsworth
He has won a Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and a Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. Is there anything else I can help with?
Then I would suggest The Incredible Hulk and The Avengers: Infinity War.
I would recommend The Butterfly Effect. It's a great read.
The Final Destination 2 is a thriller. It is also a thriller. Have you seen it?
It is a psychological thriller and horror film written by Eric Brees. It stars Brad Pitt and Eric Brees. It is considered a psychological thriller. It is also a psychological thriller.
Yes, he also wrote The Final Destination 2 and The Butterfly Effect.
Sure, it is a Crime Fiction Film starring James Vanderbilt and Tammy Blanchard. It is a Thriller.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
I haven't read anything by her, but she was in a relationship with Kevin Federline right?
I'm not sure, but I know it was written by Paula Hawkins and Nicole Kidman.
You're welcome!
300 is directed by him.
It's a psychological thriller starring Frank Miller.
300 stars Robert De Niro and F. Scott Fitzgerald.
300 stars Gerard Butler and Farrah Fassbender.
Yes, it's a good series. Do you like Kill Bill: Vol. 1?
Robert Duvall and Channing Tatum starred in it. It was also made into a movie.
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion.
Yes, Persuasion is also written by Jane Austen and is a Speculative fiction.
Persuasion is actually a film. It was released in 1817. Would you like me to add it to your list?
Sure, it is written by Cassandra Clare and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction books?
The best one I've read is The Shadowhunter's Codex. Have you read that one?
I'm not sure but I believe it is a fantasy.
Tom Cruise starred in Mission impossible Rogue Nation so if you like him he also starred in Valkyrie.
Yes Days of Thunder also starred Robert Duvall and David Oyelowo.
Tom Cruise was also in Days of Thunder. You might enjoy that one.
You are welcome.
I don't follow football too closely to be honest. I don't follow football much. Who is their coach?
My favorite team is the Redskins, what is yours?
I don't really follow sports. My favorite team is the Lakers. What is yours?
The book was written by Jodi Picoult, who also wrote The Plain Truth.
Yes, The book was also made into a movie. Have you read that one?
No, I don't have that information right now.
Not really, I am not a huge fan of soccer. I prefer American football and American football. Do you watch either?
It is definitely a fun sport to watch. The team is coached by Louis van Gaal.
It's a good sport to watch. I hope your son enjoys it.
Sure, she wrote The Sweet Far Thing, The Diviners and The Diviners.
The Sweet Far Thing is speculative fiction and The Diviners is Science Fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Golden Compass is also part of the same series, have you read them?
Yes Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
No, but Milan Kundera is from the Poland national team.
No problem. Have a great day!
Isn't he a quarterback?
I'm not sure, but I do know that Drew Brees is a member of the NFL.
Not a problem
Yes she is a professional golfer born in Honolulu.
Yes, she was born in Honolulu.
Wow i did not know that. Thanks for the info.
Yes, Mike Starr has starred in The Last Dragon, The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia.
I do not have that information on the bodyguard but did you know he was also a musician?
It was released in 1999 and was directed by Ridley Scott.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
I do! Did you know he's dating Cameron Diaz?
I think so. Do you know of any of his other movies?
I think he's actually married to Hailey Baldwin.
Do you like Monsters Inc because it's an animated movie?
The Golden Compass is a Disney movie. Have you seen it?
If you like Adventure films, you might also enjoy X-Men: First Class. Have you seen that one?
Sure, she wrote The Ship of Brides and The One Plus One. Have you read either?
It is considered a Romance and Speculative Fiction.
You're welcome.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books. The next in the series is Oz by Oz, would you like to know more about this?
No, I haven't. What genre are you looking for?
Is that the book written by Matthew Yancey?
I agree! He's one of the best tennis players of all time.
I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer. What about you?
I think Marat Safin is a great tennis player.
You're welcome!
Sure! Arthur Conan Doyle wrote The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes, The Complete Sherlock Holmes, The Return of Sherlock Holmes, The Complete Sherlock Holmes, and The Return of Sherlock Holmes. Do you enjoy detective or mystery type novels?
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was released in 1892.
Happy to help!
Well, Philip Pullman wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke. Do you like his work?
Have you read Xenocide or Zodiac?
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Veronica Roth. Do you like her work?
Veronica Roth also wrote Insurgent and The Transfer!
It is a science fiction novel. Do you like science fiction?
You're welcome
I have never heard of him. Who is starring?
Snoop Dogg is a good song by her. Do you like sing?
I don't think so. I do know that she's a dancer too.
Are you a fan of the movie Thor because it is starring Chris Hemsworth?
Sure. He also starred in The Wildest Dream and The Last Samurai.
You're welcome!
Sure, she wrote Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts.
The book was released in 2006, have you read it?
It is a fictional novel. Does that interest you?
Yes, he is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Real Madrid and Fluminense FC.
I do like Premier League. Who is your favorite player?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Which is yours?
I am not a huge football fan but I do know they are coached by Mike Pettine and owned by Randy Lerner.
I'm not too familiar with the sport but I know he's a great player. Did you know he's from the United States?
I didn't know that. I'm not a big fan of the Browns, but I heard he's a good coach.
Sure, Peter Weir directed Witness and The Truman Show. Do you like crime fiction?
Yes he did and Peter Weir also directed Witness. It is a horror film directed by David Fincher.
Yes, she's a good actress. I liked her in the movie Spring Breakers. Did you see that movie?
I have never heard of that one. What is it about?
Sure, it was written by Lois Lowry and the genre is Thriller. Do you like that kind of book?
Yes, Lois Lowry also wrote Anastasia Krupnik. Anastasia Krupnik has genre Young-adult fiction.
Yes it is. It was written by Orson Wells and is a Speculative fiction.
You're welcome!
You too
Yes, Rosemary Wells wrote Charlotte's Web
It was. Charlotte's Web was also a play written by John Scalzi.
You're welcome!
Sure, Bradly Cooper starred in The Pacifier is one of my favorite movies
I recommend The Anger Management, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Passion of Christ.
Sure, The Cast is starring J.K. Simmons and is a drama.
He was in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back.
You are welcome.
Sure. One Story is written by Douglas Adams. Do you like speculative fiction?
I highly recommend The Restaurant at the End of the Universe and The Restaurant at the End of the Universe.
It was released in 1996, the same year as The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul was released.
The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul is written by Adams as well as the sequel to The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul and was released in 1996.
Absolutely, I am happy to help!
I have not heard much about BTS, other than they are a K-Pop musician. Are you a fan?
Similar to Nsync, they are also very popular in the K-Pop genre. Are you a fan of theirs?
I like them too. I'm also a fan of alternative rock.
The Baltimore Ravens are a professional American football franchise based in Baltimore, But I am not a fan of the NFL.
Yes, and he is a linebacker. Do you like any other teams?
I occasionally like to watch college football. I also like to watch college football. How about you?
Sure, I would recommend X-Men 2. X-Men 2. X-Men 2 is also in TRON. Do you like Thrillers?
Similar to TRON: Legacy is State of the Union.
You are welcome.
L.A. is a thriller starring Clint Eastwood. Do you like thrillers?
The Silence of the Lambs is also similar to L.A. Confidential.
You are welcome.
Yes, it was written by Paula Hawkins and starred Tom Hanks.
Yes, it is a comedy. Do you like that type of movie?
Yes, that one is a drama. Denzel Washington was also in Zoolander as well.
Absolutely, I am happy to help!
He starred in Unlawful Entry and The Vatican Tapes
Yes, Rufus Sewell also starred in The Man in the Iron Mask. Do you like dramas?
Great! You may also like Rebecca Hall which is starring Sela Ward. Have you seen it?
The Pianist is a drama. Would you like to see more of her films?
You are welcome.
Oh yes she's a great tennis player. I have never watched tennis before. I do like Venus better than Rory McIlroy.
I did. That was so funny. I loved that one. My favorite was The Fault in Our Stars.
All I know is that Serena Williams also starred in a movie called Tiny Dancer.
I have never been there, isn't that a sport?
He directed the movie The Illusionist. Were you aware that it's a thriller?
It's a Thriller.
If you like suspense movies you'll like Without Fail by Steven Spielberg.
You're welcome!
Would you be interested in other books by John Green, or other thrillers?
Have you read In Her Shoes? It is also a Romance.
It was written by J. D. Salinger. Do you like his books?
Certainly!
Sure, another book like Silence would be Broken Silence.
I'm not sure when it was released. I do know that it's a thriller.
You're welcome.
Sure! Did you like Pandemonium because it was written by Lauren Oliver and is a speculative fiction genre?
How about Zoe's Tale, Xenocide or Wuthering Heights? Do any of those sound interesting?
It was written by Paula Hawkins. Would you like to read it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, I love her music! Did you know she starred in Who's That Girl and Swept away?
It's a good book. Did you know Madonna's relationship with Owen Wilson?
I think so too, but I do know that she is a singer.
Yeah, she was in Sex and the City, which is a romantic comedy.
I will have to check it out. Thanks for the information!
Yes, Brad Pitt and Kathryn Bigelow starred in this movie. Would you like to know more about it?
No I do not.
You're welcome.
It is written by Henning Koch and released in 2012.
Yes, it is in English.
Henning Koch also wrote Britt-Marie var här and The Maggot People.
Sure, he wrote You've Been Warned, Worst Case, and With & Wizard. Are you looking for any particular genre?
He also wrote In Her Shoes.
You're welcome!
Did you like Forrest Gump because it was written by Winston Groom?
He's been in The Polar Express. That's a great movie!
It was directed by Tom Hanks and produced by Larry Crowne.
You're welcome!
Sure! I love Requiem for a Dream which stars Ellen Burstyn. Have you seen it?
It is a drama directed by Darren Aronofsky and was released in 2011.
Requiem of a Dreams also stars Ellen Burstyn
Sure, he directed Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that one?
Of course, some of the stars in Apocalypse Now are Shel Silverstein and Maria Sharapova. Are you familiar with either?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information on the genre for Apocalypse Now. It is a Romance and Drama.
Mr. Smith is a Romantic Comedy starring Patton Oswalt. do you like this actor?
It is a science fiction film. Are you interested in those types of films?
Of course! Did you like it because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
You are very welcome!
Yes I do. She wrote The Pillars of the Earth and London. Have you read either of those?
Eddie Redmayne also starred in The Wedding Date. Have you seen that movie?
It's considered a Sci-Fi. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I have not really followed them much as they were the runner-up team in Super Bowl XLIII.
I don't follow football too closely to be honest.
Belich, he's a great coach. Did you know that he's from Chicago?
Yes, Bill Murray and Tom Hardy star in it. It's a great movie.
Yes, that is correct and it has a genre of Thriller and Sci-Fi. Would you like to know who else stars in the film?
Yes, he is from Justice league too.
I'm not sure, but Nicky Katt has a voiceover role in The Brave One.
You're welcome.
E Lockhart wrote We Were Liars, The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks, and The City and the Unicorn. Have you read any of these?
It was released in 2014
Other similar novels include; The Silence of the Lambs, The Invisible Man, and The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
You're very welcome
It's a Pounds starring Will Smith. Do you like this actor?
Sure, I would recommend The Fault in Our Stars and The Face on the Milk Carton. Do either of those interest you?
Yes it does. It's a film. It's also a film.
Yes it was. It was also a Thriller. Are you a fan of Thrillers?
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Isn't he a football player?
Yes, it's a midfielder.
Yes, he is from Wales from the Cardiff region
Sure, Sia Furler is a singer-songwriter, lyricist, and lyricist.
I love her music. Did you know that she's from Nashville?
Yes, I love her music. My favorite is "You've Been Warned"
I have not, but I have heard of it. Are you referring to the one written by Peter Dinklage?
I have not, but i know it was written by Anthony Hopkins and is considered a psychological thriller. Have you seen it?
I do. Anthony Hopkins also stars in The Silence of the Lambs. Do you like his movies?
Emily Griffin is a professional basketball player. Do you like her?
It was released in 2012 in the English language.
Matt Damon and Josh Brolin are in it, do you like them?
You're welcome.
Kazuo Ishiguro wrote Never let me go.
It is also considered a historical fiction. Do you like those kinds of books?
Yes, Zoe's Tale is speculative fiction.
Your welcome.
He's from Warsaw and plays on the Poland national football team.
He plays the Midfielder
Mr. Lewandowski is born in Warsaw
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren. what else can i do for you?
The Selection was written by Kiera Cass' The Siren and Kiera Cass' The Prince. It was also made into a movie starring Tate Donovan.
I hope you enjoy it!
You are welcome. Have a great day!
Did you like X-men because it's a sci-fi movie or because it starred Hugh Jackman?
If I had to choose, I would also recommend The Fault in Our Stars, which is a Action film.
The first one is X-Men: Apocalypse Now. It's a Thriller. If you haven't seen the second, I'm sure I will love it.
I did not know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, Gone Girl was written by Gillian Flynn, who also wrote What Do You Do
It's a Science Fiction. Are you a fan of science fiction?
You're welcome!
Life of Pi is written by Yann Martel. Would you be interested in other films by Yann Martel?
Yes, it was written by J. D. Salinger and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
It's a Fiction. It's also a Mystery.
Sure, The Tipping Point Book is a Thriller written by Tony Tanner, do you like Thrillers?
The Story of My Life is also a book written by Gladwell, and was released in 2011.
Did you know Malcolm Gladwell also wrote Outliers: The Story of Success?
You are welcome.
Sure! Doug Liman directed both Fair Game and Swingers. He also produced Fair Game as well as The Bourne Identity.
It is a drama. Do you like drama?
Yes, if you like sci-fi I recommend X-Men 2 and White House Down
Wonderful. David Lynch starred in Fair Game
He directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, and Amadeus. Would you like to see something he was in?
I am not sure, I do know that he also wrote Amadeus Mozart.
Yes, I have added Amadeus to your movie list.
C. S. Lewis wrote it and released it in 1953. He also wrote The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is a fantasy novel written by C. S. Lewis in the genre of Speculative fiction. It's part of The Chronicles of Narnia series.
The Silver Chair was released in 1953. It is a fantasy novel. Would you like to know more about the fantasy genre?
You're welcome!
He is an Indian cricketer and plays for the Delhi Daredevils
I don't really follow cricket. I do know that he is a good player, though. I do know that he is a good player.
No, I haven't. Is he a good athlete?
I like most of his music from Maroon 5 and I like him on the Voice. Do you like the Voice?
I am not sure about the movie, but I know he is a singer/songwriter from California. Do you like his music?
Yes, there is one called Never Let Me Go which is one of my favorites.
It was written by James Frey. Do you like speculative fiction?
Sure, he wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
You're welcome.
Enjoy your book.
Michael Crichton is not only an author but a film producer and director as well. He wrote the book Disclosure. Does this interest you?
it has genre speculative fiction
it is a fiction. Do you like fiction?
you are welcome!
I don't know much about him other than he plays German football. Do you like soccer?
I like to watch German football. My favorite sport is Basketball. What about you?
The only sports I enjoy is Basketball. Which team do you root for?
Sure, Ken Kesey wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest to name a couple.
Yes, he is! He wrote "Go Further."
Yes, it was released in 2007 and was written in English.
Sure! Added the book to your reading list.
Sure, Paulo Coelho wrote The Alchemist which is also a Suspense/Mystery. Do you like those genres?
He also wrote The Rum Diary.
It's genre is speculative fiction.
You're welcome!
Sure, G.O.T Tom Brady is a professional footballer and married to Gisele Bundchen.
Matt Damon and Josh Brolin are in it. It is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Eva Mendes was also in The House of Mirth and Lolita
Yes it is! It was written by Steven Zaillian and stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Are you a fan of this actor?
The No. 1 Ladies Man is also a popular one written by Robert Zemeckis.
It is considered a drama and a comedy. It's really funny.
You're welcome!
Yes, I like Martin Scorsese's books. What genre do you like?
No. I like Gangs of New York. The movie was written by Robert De Niro.
If you like that one, you might also enjoy The Fault in Our Stars.
You might also enjoy The Proposal. It is also a good movie written by David Fincher.
It also stars Robert De Niro and Catalyst. It was released in 1999.
It's a good one, it is also a thriller.
You're welcome.
Yes, the Toy Story 2 is written by Joel Coen and starring Tom Hanks.
Tom Hanks wrote the movie That Thing You Do which is also Romance.
Tom Hanks has produced some comedies called Larry Crowne, which is also a Romance.
It is a Romance Film and it's a Historical period drama.
My Big Fat Greek Wedding is a great comedy, I think I will give it a try, it is a great movie.
Hope you enjoy!
Do you like Star Wars because it's a Fantasy?
The Golden Compass is a fantasy movie starring Liam Neeson. Have you seen that one?
The Lord of the Ring was produced by J.R.R.R. Tolkien.
Enjoy!
The Cleveland Browns are a professional American football franchise based in Cleveland, California. The team is coached by Mike Pettine and owned by Randy Lerner.
Wow that's very cool. Is there anything else I can help with?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. They're my team!
They're a pretty good baseball team. My favorite player is Sam Horn. Do you like baseball?
Yes, it is. Did you know that John Farrell was from Monmouth Beach?
Me either but I like the New York Yankees.
I did not see that one, I will have to check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
John Seelye wrote The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, and A Princess of Mars.
Yes, Mark Twain was the author of The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson.
You are very welcome. You are welcome.
Did you like it because it was written by Veronica Roth?
Similar movies to Divergent are; The Hunger Games, The Giver, and The Giver.
you're welcome!
Are you looking for movies starring J.K. Rowling?
It starred Robert Davi and was released in 1987.
Yeah, she is a good rapper. I think she recorded Cowbell song This Love. What about you?
Yes, I agree. Have you heard about her music?
I have never heard of that song. Is it a pop music?
I have never read the book but I have heard of it. It was written by Jhumpa Lahiri
Yes I do, I like fiction too. Have you read Wreck-It Ralph?
I do like thrillers. I'm also a fan of Shark Night.
Dr. Seuss wrote There's a Wocket in My Pocket, The Lorax, and The Lorax. Do you like any of those?
Theodore was writen by Frances Hodgson
Yes The Lorax was released in 2008
There is one Beloved and other one called The Man in the High Castle
ok
The Kansas City Chiefs are a AFC West National Footbal League team. Are you a fan?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys though. How about you?
It was written by Kazuo Ishiguro and is in the thriller genre. Are you a fan of thrillers?
He has also written Insomnia and Inception. Would you like to know more about those?
Yes he did. It's a great movie. He also produced it, and it was released in 2014.
Enjoy!
He starred in Gangster Squad which is a crime fiction film. Do you like those?
It was released in 2008
It is a crime fiction
Your welcome
I haven't read Luftslottet som sprängdes, is written by Stieg Larsson and Reg Keeland.
You might also enjoy The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. What about that one?
I don't know of any other novels by Agatha Christie, but I do know that she wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes.
He directed Seven Samurai and directed Seven Samurai. Do you like Samurai?
Yes, Akira Kurosawa is one of the main actors in the film. He directed Yojimbo.
I would recommend Toshiro Yojimbo, it is a Thriller.
Any time. Enjoy!
The Good, the Bad and the Ugly is similar one
Confessions starred Russell Crowe. what else can i do for you?
Winter's Bone is a good one. What else can i do for you?
you are welcome. anything else i can do for you?
I'm not a big fan of football but I like Hockey. Who is your favorite player?
I like the Denver Broncos, but my favorite team is the Broncos. Do you like them?
What do you think about the Redskins? I used to live in Washington.
I do, Michael Jackson wrote Moonwalker which is a Romance. Do you like Romance?
Yes, I haven't seen it but I do enjoy the movie Men in Black II, it is a good movie.
He was also in A Woman Named Jackie, and she was also in The Wiz.
Scream is a horror film. Do you like Horror films?
Max Brooks wrote World War Z, starring Brad Pitt and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Brad Pitt also starred in Troy and The Ground Beneath Her Feet.
I do like them. The team is coached by John Farrell. How about you?
It's a pretty good baseball team. My favorite team is the Dodgers though. How about you?
Oh. They're very good. Are you a fan of the Red Sox?
Sure, he directed Zodiac, which is a crime fiction film. He also directed V for Vendetta. Do you like his movies?
Sure, Night Watch is a 1998 American science fiction action film directed by Roland Emmerich. It is a popular film.
Great, I'll add it to your queue.
Yes, he wrote X-Men 2. X-Men 2 starring bruce davison
Yes, he is. He also starred in The Wolverine.
That's correct. Stephen Sommers wrote Van Helsing. Would you like to know more about him?
He's a great author! He wrote The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, and The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul.
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy was released same year as The Last Stand.
I don't have access to that information right now, but I can tell you that The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy One.
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, The Godfather was written by Francis Ford Coppola and starred Scarlett Johansson. Do you like dramas?
Ok, he wrote Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Marlon Brando is a very talented actor.
Great. Then you might also enjoy Apocalypse Now, starring Marlon Brando.
Yes, I haven't seen that one. Can I help you with anything else?
I haven't seen Apocalypse Now, but I've heard it's a very good drama.
They are a great team in the National Football League. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys though. How about you?
That's interesting! Did you know that he is from Tampa?
That's a beautiful country! Have you been there?
I haven't been following them too much for them since they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLI. Are they your favorite?
I am actually a Bears fan myself. Are you a Bears fan?
I like baseball too! My favorite team is the Dodgers. How about you?
Yes, this movie stars Zooey Deschanel
Yes, Pruitt Vince was also in a film with Zoey Deutch and Anne Hathaway.
You Again was a Lie by Robert Zemeckis and Hermann Hesse. It was released in 1999.
The Namesake is also written by J. D. Salinger. He also wrote The Rum Diary.
How about The Rum Diary? Have you heard of it?
Xenocide is a science fiction novel written by American writer Orson Scott Card.
I'll add that right now.
Thomas F. Wilson starred in The Informant! Have you seen that movie?
Thomas F. Wilson also starred in The Pacifier. It's a great drama film.
Enjoy!
Blake Shelton is a country singer, do you like country?
I don't know if that's the record, but I do know that Blake Shelton is also from Nashville.
I don't know where he has started. I do know that he is a singer, too.
Sure! She wrote Pretty Little Liars, which is a Comedy. She also wrote the Winnie-the Pooh story. Have you heard of it?
Yes, Pretty Little Liars was adapted from a TV series by Sara Shepard. It was also produced by Steven Spielberg.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. I'm sorry.
You're welcome! Have a great day.
I love European Football or soccer as I call it. My favorite player on that team is Brian Kidd.
I am root for America football, only America football.
That's a good one. I won't know much about college football.
I don't know much about football, I prefer the New England Patriots. Are they a good team?
Oh, I'm pretty sure Mike Tomlin was a midfielder as well. I'm a fan of the Pittsburgh Steelers.
Oh wow, I didn't know that! I'm a fan of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. Do you have a favorite team?
Yes he is a writer. He wrote The Storm and Thelma & Louise
Sean Penn and Matt Dillon star in that one. I highly recommend it.
I will send it to your screen now.
You're welcome!
Laura Esquivel wrote Como agua para chocolate and The Love of Law.
That was the same year they released Me and Dupree
Yes she sure did! Do you like her?
You are welcome!
The Memory Keeper's daughter was written by Kim Edwards in 2005.
Sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote Defending Jacob in 2012.
Yes it is. It's also a movie by James Patterson.
It's a psychological thriller. It's about a flesh eating form-less space blob. It's a psychological thriller.
Well, Agatha Christie wrote They Do It with Mirrors, was influenced by Terry Pratchett. Do you like her work?
It was released in 1877
Happy to help
The Romeo and Juliet is written by William Shakespeare. The Tragedy of Othello, The Moor of Venice is written by William Shakespeare.
What You Will is the sequel to A Midsummer Night's Dream, which is written by William Shakespeare.
You're very welcome!
He's directed several films such as The Imitation Game and Headhunters
Imitation Game starring Rory Kinnear and Benedict Cumberbatch as the lead actor
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! It was written by Khaled Hosseini and was released in 2012. Are you familiar with his work?
The Mountains Echoed was also written by Percy Bysshe Shelley.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He's a former world No. 1 in singles. He's a former world No. 1 in singles.
It is a Film produced by Chazelle Mead and also stars in the genre of West Coast Hip Hop.
La Land is a Biographical Film starring Will Smith and Damien Chazelle. It is a Romance, Fiction, Novel. Do you want to know more about this film?
Enjoy!
You're welcome.
Yes she starred in The Situation and in The Ice Harvest
The Situation was released in 2014 in English and was written by George R. R. Martin. The genre is a dystopian novel.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
He starred in Friends with Benefits with Emma Stone.
Its a romantic comedy written by Yossi Klein that also starred Will Smith
Wow that's hilarious! I was also in Friends with Benefits too.
Yes, it was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
It's considered Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
To Kill A Mockingbird is in the genre of fiction and was released in 1960. Would you like to know more about this book?
Then you might enjoy the next book in the series, Go Set a Watchman, or the Silence of the Lambs.
You're welcome. Glad I could help.
The Last Lecture was released in 2008 a non fiction genre. It talks about non fiction and non fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he did. He also starred in Star Trek.
Sure, I will do that right away.
Jonathan Levine directed The Wackness starring Jane Adems. Do you like romance films?
The Wackness is a Drama and Comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes. The actors of Wackness include Fran Kranz and Ed Sheeran.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Are you interested in other works by him?
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
I have a couple of suggestions. The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is a classic.
I will add Treasure Island to your reading list.
Sure, he directed The Ghost Writer, The Ghost Writer, and The Ghost Writer. Are you interested in any of those movies?
Yes, he wrote a favorite of mine, The Ghost Writer, starring Harrison Ford.
2008
The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins. Have you read it?
Yes he wrote To Build a Fire and The Sea of Monsters. Have you seen those?
Yes, that's correct, as did The Call of the Wild.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I love the movie Donnie Darko. It was written by Richard Kelly and stars Seth Rogan.
Seth Rogan was in the movie The Things We Do For Love. Did you know he's also a director?
Yes he was along with Seth Rogan.
He was also in Insomnia and The Usual Suspects.
I'm not sure what year Shadow and Lies was released.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley wrote Frankenstein and The Modern Prometheus.
Frankenstein is a Modern Prometheus. It was released in 1818.
It is written in English and was released in 1818.
You're welcome!
It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Brad Pitt was the main star in Fight Club. It is considered a Thriller as well as a comedy and a comedy.
You're welcome.
Yes, A.W. Wheen wrote Im Westen nichts Neues in 1929.
She wrote Im Westen nichts Neues and Drei Kameraden. Are you interested in any of those?
You are welcome. Goodbye.
Edward Zwick directed The Siege.
Yes, Denzel Washington was in The Siege.
Yes, The Siege was also directed by Edward Zwick as well, and also starred Denzel Washington.
Yes, he was. He was also in Insomnia and The Wolf of Wall Street.
Yes, he was in Volcano High. It is a thriller.
Enjoy!
I like their mascot Mr. Met. Do you like them?
I haven't had a chance to watch it much. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I like to watch both baseball and baseball as well. My favorite team is the Lakers.
Sure! He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
It was released in 2005, the same year as The Miracle at Speedy Motors was released.
It also stars Stephen J. Dubner and Tom Hanks. Do you like them?
I'll add that for you.
Yeah, I know he's a great writer. I know he wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that one?
Yes, he did. Eli Wallach was also in The Good and the Bad and the Ugly. He was also in The Bad and the Ugly.
Yes, he also wrote Once Upon a Time in the West and was released in 1966.
Absolutely. Wild Hogs is a great one by Sergio Leone. It was released in 1966.
Yes, a couple of my favorites are The Good, The Bad and the Ugly and Once Upon a Time in America.
No problem.
Sure, he wrote Timequake and The Sirens of Titan. Are you familiar with either?
Yes, Welcome to the Monkey House has a genre of Science Fiction. Are you interested in this genre?
I recommend Zoe's Tale, Z for Zachariah and Xenocide.
Sure, one of my favorites is World Without End, and other is X-Men: First Class. Have you seen either?
Matt Damon and Josh Brolin are in it. Do you like them?
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Civil War.
He starred in Unlawful Entry and The Vatican Tapes
It came out in 2000 and was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
It also stars Carmen Argenziano. It is a science fiction movie, do you like those?
Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier is one of my favorite movie by him.
Yes, it is a comedy starring Matt Damon and was released in 1994.
Yes, he has also starred in Wreck-It Ralph which is a comedy and was released in 2004.
Yes they are, they are owned by Jeffrey Lurie, and owned by Jeffrey Lurie.
I actually did, actually! It's one of the most popular teams in the NFC East, like the Dallas Cowboys and the Falcons, too.
I do too! My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys.
I like the New England Patriots, too!
Ara Celi has most notably starred in American Beauty, along with Paul Mazursky.
I am not sure, but I know Sam Mendes also starred in Zero Dark Thirty.
Yes, it is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
That's a great movie starring William Hurt and Ty Burrell. Do you like William Hurt?
X-Men 2 or World War Z are both Science Fiction movies.
Yes, it was released in 2011. Would you like to know more about it?
You're very welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Roderick Thorp was in that movie. He also starred in Die Hard 2.
Then you might like World War Z starring Brad Pitt
Did you like World War Z because it was a Thriller or because it was starring Brad Pitt?
If you like Brad Pitt, he also starred in Troy and Insomnia.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he starred in We Don't Live Here Anymore, The Truman Show, Civic Duty and Beastly. Would you like more information about one of these movies?
Yes, she was also in The Three Musketeers. That is also a film she was in.
Yes, she also starred in The Prestige and The Pillars of the Earth.
Yes. X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a action/adventure film staring Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman.
Yes, he was also in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse. Are you a fan of those?
It has the genres drama, comedy, and adventure. It was produced by Ben Ripley.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He directed The Incredible Hulk and Now You See Me.
The Transporter stars Jason Statham and Mark Wahlberg. It is a Thriller. Do you like either of those actors?
Yes, he was also in The Transporter and he is also an actor.
Sure, Good Will Hunting is starring Matt Damon, Matt Damon, Matt Damon and many others. Would you like to know more about movies starring Matt Damon?
The Vampire Slayer is starring Ryan Reynolds and James Franco. Would you like to know more about this film?
Yes, it is. Would you like me to add it to your watch list?
The Town is a horror film, and it is a Thriller.
You're welcome.
Yes, I do. I know that he wrote a book called ess of the d'Urbervilles. Are you a fan of speculative fiction?
Sure. It was released in 1856. It is a Romance novel.
It was originally published in 1856. Would you like to know more about this?
It is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance?
Sure, The Scarlet Letter and The House of Seven Gables are also Literary Realism. Have you read either of those?
You're welcome!
Collateral stars Tom Cruise .Do you like Thrillers?
Well, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick's other films. Do you like his movies?
Tom Cruise was also in Days of Thunder, which is a Thriller.
It was released in 2002. Did you know that Nicolas Cage is also in that movie?
You're welcome!
Bruce Willis was also in Hudson Hawk, have you seen that?
I am not sure about Bruce. I know he was in Hudson Hawk. Are you familiar with it?
Toy Story 2 is a good one by him.
Great. Enjoy
Isn't he a composer and songwriter?
Yes, I like him too. Did you know he is also a musician?
I don't know much about her, but I do know he is from Las Vegas too.
Sure, he was in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. Great movie!
Yes, He was in Star Trek III was a science fiction film
Siddhartha was written by Hilda Rosner and Hermann Hesse. It is a speculative fiction. Do you like those genres?
Sure, she also wrote The Mists of Avalon which is a speculative fiction.
It came out in 1922.
Your welcome.
He starred in You Again, Wolfen and Turner and Hooch. Have you seen them?
Jamie Lee Curtis also starred in You Again, which is a Romance Film.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote Life of Pi. Have you read that one?
I have not, but I would recommend World Without End, Wolf Brother or Wolf Brother.
Yes, that's correct. She also wrote a book called Without Fail.
It's a good one. You should check it out.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is written by Philip Van Doren Stern.
You are welcome :)
Then i also recommend The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
I don't know much about him other than he is a basketball player. Are you a fan of his?
Well, he is a basketball player and from the United States of America. Do you like basketball?
Yes, he is a great player. Is he any good?
Sure, one of my favorites is Teacher Man. Have you read it?
Would you be interested in other books by him?
you are welcome
Is it the one written by J.R.R.R Tolkien?
Thomas Harris also wrote The Silence of the Lambs. If you'd like to read it, he wrote The Silence of the Lambs.
It was released in 2007. It also has a genre of Thriller.
You are very welcome!
They have a good coach named Jose Mourinho.
I don't follow soccer. Who is he?
They play in the Premiere League
Have you read The Sea of Monsters?
Have you read The Exploits of Sherlock Holmes by John Sherer?
Yes, it's a great movie. It was written by Hilary Mantel. Do you like Hilary Swank?
Yes, I was surprised to see it. I haven't seen it yet. I will have to see it tonight.
I did not see it. I'm pretty sure it was good. Did you know she also starred in Men in Black 3?
That is very interesting. Did you know Peter Jason also starred in Men in Black 3?
Great! I think you'll enjoy it.
Would you like recommendations of comedies?
It was released a while ago, in 2009.
Yes I do. J.K. Rowling wrote Fantah and The Cuckoo's Calling.
I know he wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bar and The Black Dahlia
J.K. Rowling also wrote Where To Find Them. Have you read that one?
There are so many great ones to check out. My favorite is The Cuckoo's Calling.
I don't know that one, but I do know that it was released in 2007 and is a fantasy.
You're welcome!
Andrew Adamson starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
He also wrote Monsters University, which starred Mike Myers
I don't really follow baseball. I do know that Fred Wilpon is their coach. Are you a fan?
The only one I really know about is the New York Mets' stadium. It's my home venue is the Visitor.
Minute Maid is an American professional American footballer who is currently ranked world No. 1 in the WTA singles rankings.
Sure! Thomas Lennon starred in The Matrix Revolutions, The Human Stain, and The Human Stain to name a few. Do you like any of those films?
Yes, it is a television series produced by Steven Spielberg and starred Shawnee Smith.
I love a young-adult fiction by James Dashner. What do you think about it?
The best team is the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
Agreed! Anything else I can help with?
It was written by Kong and adapted from a speculative fiction and a Fantasy. Is that the type of movie you like?
Yes, he wrote The Fault in Our Stars and he also starred in The Matrix Reloaded.
It was released in 2011
I am not a huge football fan but I like their coach John Fox. Are you a fan?
Oh, I see. I'm a fan of the Philadelphia Eagles, but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys.
Yea, I'm not familiar with that sport. Did you know he's from the Seattle Seahawks?
I do too! I loved that drama in that film. It's so funny.
You're very welcome!
I have never been to the Mets since they were the runner-up in the 1986 World Series. Are you a fan?
I'm actually more of a baseball fan. Are you a fan of the Yankees?
I like movies like Field of Dreams. Do you like Science Fiction movies?
Isn't he a point guard with the Minnesota Timberwolves?
I do like LeBron James too and he's a good player
No, I haven't. Isn't he a good athlete?
It's a great movie by Robert Duvall, starring Toby McGuire. Are you a fan of his?
If you like sci-fi, you might also enjoy X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
Yes, it was actually written by a couple of different authors.
You're welcome.
Sure! If you like Batman Begins, you'll like The Awakening.
Yes it does have a sequel. The Dark Knight is directed by Christopher Nolan.
Happy to help
He also wrote The Mad Ship and The Golden Fool.
It was released in 2005, the same year as The Mad Ship was released.
Sure, Timequake is about time travel. You may also like Timequake or Timequake.
It has a genre of Speculative fiction. It also has a genre of Science Fiction.
Z for Zachariah is a speculative fiction book
If you like Crime Fiction, X-Men, The Maze Runner is a good one.
Robert Pattinson also stars in that movie. It was written by Tony Kaye as well as Al Pacino.
Lake of Fire stars Robert De Niro and is a thriller. Do you like those types of films?
You're welcome!
E. V. Rieu wrote .
E. V. Rieu wrote .
The Flattered Flying Fish was written by Richard LaGravenese too
She wrote Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail.
Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail is a biographical novel. It was released in 2012
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
Yes, I would recommend If You Give a Pig a Pancake and The Other Boleyn Girl. Both are written by Felicia Bond.
Sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Well, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick, and he also directed 2001: A Space Odyssey. Do you like his movies?
The Golden Compass is a psychological thriller that you might enjoy.
The movie was released in 2010. There is also a film adaptation of it.
I am glad I could help.
Charles Duhigg wrote The Power of Habit. what else can i do for you?
It was released in 2011 in English
Absolutely!
The Godfather Part II, starring Al Pacino. Do you like Marlon Brando?
Yes, he is a great player. I'm also a fan of the Boston Celtics.
Yes, he was. Did you know he's also a coach?
They're a basketball team in Chicago, owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
Chicago Bulls : Team Owned by Jerry Reinsdorf
I haven't heard about that, but I do know that they are a team that is the Dallas Cowboys and The Lakers.
Your welcome.
Dear John was written by Nicholas Sparks and is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it was also written by Nicholas Sparks. I am going to add both to my to read list.
Of course, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, do you like Crescendo because it's a romance?
Are you interested in it because it's a romance novel?
Jane Austen also wrote Mansfield Park and Persuasion.
Jane Austen also wrote Mansfield Park and Persuasion.
No problem!
I love Linkin Park, my favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
Oh. I have never heard of that a rap before. I do like The Meteora. I know that he is a rap artist. I do like his music.
Andrew Stanton directed Finding Nemo and starred in Finding Nemo. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
It is a Sci-Fi Thriller directed by Andrew Stanton and starred in WALL-E.
Yes, Ellen does star in it as well as Randy Quade and Oprah Winfrey.
You are welcome. Have a great day!
Yes, I have him in Zathura: A Space Adventure. Have you seen it?
That's correct. Did you know she also starred in Wreck-It Ralph?
I have The Golden Compass starring Philip Seymour Hoffman.
Ok great. Hope you enjoy!
Yes, he starred in Jumbo. He is an Indian International Cricketer. Do you like this sport?
His father is a famous bowler.
Yes, he wrote that film. It stars Jennifer Lawrence.
Yeah, he is a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers.
Yes, he also owns the Portland Trail Blazers.
Yes he does. He's a great coach. I especially like the Seattle Seahawks.
Yes I do! The King's Speech is written by Issac Asimov and starred Tom Hanks.
Yes, it is a TV Drama, have you seen it?
Yes, Jesus of Nazareth was a great Sci-Fi show. Did you know that was also a part of the series?
I like her song La Tortura. Are you a fan of hers?
I haven't heard much of her music. Is she a singer?
I haven't heard much of her music but I do enjoy Sia's You Lost Me.
They're a pretty good team. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys though. How about you?
Oh, I see. I'm a Bears fan myself. I'm a Bears fan myself. I have to agree with you on the Cowboys. What team does he play for?
Then I think I'll be happy to see the commercials on the commercials.
Isn't he a good basketball player?
I'm not sure, I do know that he is a point guard.
Yes, he does. He actually does not play forward.
Sure, Hayley Atwell starred in The Pillars of the Earth, The Pillars of the Earth, The Pillars of the Earth and London
Yes, I would recommend The Pillars of the Earth if you like thrillers.
Then you might also like The Pillars of the Earth if you like her.
You're welcome!
Yes, that's a great movie written by John Logan.
Yes, I recommend The Goodbye Girl starring Heath Ledger.
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know that they're coached by Lovie Smith. Do you like them?
It is a great movie! Do you have any other questions?
I enjoy watching football.
The book was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
I recommend Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban by J.K. Rowling.
It's a great book. It was written by J.K. Rowling. She also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Great! Anything else I can help you with?
Woody Allen wrote To Rome with Love. To Rome with Love is starring Clint Eastwood. Do you like her work?
To Rome With Love stars Ralph Fiennes and Bill Murray. Are you a fan of either?
I think you would like it if you read the book.
Do you like Spirited Away because it's a drama?
Scream of the Banshee is a Japanese movie, so if you haven't seen it, you might also enjoy The Shining.
Sure, I'll add it to your watch list now.
You're welcome!
Jeffrey Eugenides wrote the Virgin Suicides, The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Marriage Plot. Do any of these interest you?
It is a Fiction Novel that was published in 1993. It is a very good book.
It was released in 1993. It is a pretty old book.
You're welcome
Sure, I like it because it's a comedy, and it's a comedy, starring Seth Rogan. Do you like it because of the genre?
Seth Rogen starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. and The Usual Suspects are good ones.
Yes, Mindy Kaling is a great actress. She also starred in Knocked Up too.
You're welcome!
I know he wrote The Virgin Blue, The Last Runaway, and The Virgin Blue. Have you read any of those?
Yes, Miranda Richardson was also in Gideon's Daughter.
Yes, Phantom of the Opera is a fantasy novel.
Yes, I will send it right now.
Yes I do. I love her. I am a big fan of hers and I like her in the movie Cowboys & Aliens. How about you?
Oh yes, I love that one. It's sort of a romantic comedy, and I think you should listen to it now.
I didn't know that song. I know that she is married to Gisele. She was in the movie The Glass Lake
Inception' was directed by Christopher Nolan. He also directed The Prestige.
The Prestige is starring Christian Bale and The Dark Knight Risess.
The Prestige is produced by Christopher Nolan, who also directed The Prestige.
You might also like The Prestige or The Dark Knight Rises if you like Sci-Fi.
I'm not sure, but I would like to see Zoom, it is a Sci-Fi film
Enjoy!
He is a football player from Brazil. Are you a fan?
Wow, that's interesting. Did you know Dani Alves won the Bravo Award?
They're doing good but they haven't won a Super Bowl XLVIII. I think they're one of the best teams in the NFL.
I don't follow football too closely to be honest. I do know that they are having a good season but I do know that they are having a good season.
The only thing I really know about about the Bears is that they're in the NFC North.
Well, would you like recommendations of other great fantasy movies?
Great Expectations was also made into a movie in 1850, the same year that Jane Austen was released.
That's a good one. Did you know A Tale of Two Cities was released in 1851?
It was actually made into a movie. It was written in 1838.
I don't know much about working class, but I can tell you that it is in English.
You're welcome
Kierra Cass wrote The Siren and The Count of Monte Cristo.
The Siren was written by Kierra Cass. She also wrote The Siren, The Prince.
The Siren is written by Kierra Cass. It was released in 2000.
You're welcome.
Do you like because Tom Cruise is in it or because it is a Action/Adventure movie?
Yes, it is a Action packed movie starring Tom Cruise.
A Romance movie written by J.J Abrams is in that genre.
No problem, I am happy to help.
Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George R.R. Martin, who also wrote Animal Farm.
Animal Farm was written by George Orwell. He also wrote Nineteen Eighty-Four. Would you like to hear more about these?
You're welcome.
Sure, he wrote Relato de un naufrago, El otoo del patriarca.
Sure, he has written many books including The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke.
It was also written by George R. R. Martin, and has a genre of Speculative fiction.
Well, he also wrote Gonzo the Art and The Joke's Over.
I hope you enjoy it!
Adam Brown has starred in movies like The Hobbit and Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales.
That movie was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
Bradley Cooper starred in The Words, The Words, and The Words. Have you seen any of these movies?
The Woods is a mystery and was released in 1997.
It is a Sci-Fi/Action written by Ron Clements and released in 1985. Are you interested in any of those?
Do you like the author J.R.R.R. Tolkien?
It has genres drama and comedy. What else can i do for you?
no what else can i do for you?
you are welcome
Edgar Allan Poe wrote The Tell-Tale Heart, The Raven and Other Poems, The Raven and Other Poems, The Raven and Other Poems. Do any of these interest you?
It was actually released in 1843 along with The Raven.
You're welcome.
I know a little bit about him. He plays on Spain's national football team. Are you a fan?
I haven't been following this sport. Are they good?
I'm not sure. I do know that place.
Aladdin was written by Chris Hemsworth. Did you know he also starred in Snatch?
Have you seen the other Aladdin movies?
You should also check out Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
Neil Jordan directed The End of the Affair starring Clint Eastwood. Do you like his movies?
I am not familiar with that movie, but I know it was written by Richard Matheson.
I am not sure about that, but I can tell you The End of the Af is starring Tom Hanks.
Glad I could help!
Quentin Tarantino has directed many movies including Pulp Fiction, Reservoir Dogs, and Pulp Fiction. Have you seen those?
Yes! Rob Zombie is also in Grindhouse. Do you like his music?
He also wrote Insomnia and The Jungle.
No problem. Enjoy!
Downfalls in the genre of War. Do you like War films?
Matt Damon and Josh Brolin are in it do you like them?
Matt Damon is also in it, he is a great actor.
Your welcome
I do, he is a great singer, song writer and dancer. Do you like his music?
I like her too. My favorite song is Wreck It Ralph. Do you have a favorite artist?
Oh my gosh. I haven't heard that song. Who is it?
Yes, it was written by Cassandra Clare and released 2014. Have you read it?
Yes, she also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex
Yes, The Mortal Instruments is a series
You are welcome.
It was written by David Sedaris and is a Speculative fiction. Are you a fan of that genre?
Oh, I love that book! It was written by Sedaris, and made into a movie. It was actually turned into a movie, too.
You're welcome!
Fred Willard starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine. Would you like to know more about this movie?
It is a science fiction film. Do you like those kinds of films?
Your welcome enjoy
Great! Have a great day!
Your welcome.
That movie stars Leonardo DiCaprio and is a thriller. Do you like that genre?
Jody Hounsou is the star of that movie. He was also in Unfinished Tales of Nmenor and Middle Earth
The Lord of War was released in 2004
Sure, CCH Pounder stars Tilda Swinton and Kristen Stewart. Do you like Kristen Stewart's work?
Sure, he was also in The Witch of Blackbird Pond and The Fault in Our Stars.
Yes, he was in it. He was also in The Absolute Sandman as well
The Devil Wears Prada stars Meryl Streep and Anne Hathaway.
She was also in The Devils Wears Prada. Have you seen that one?
Yes, she was in that film as well. Anne Hathaway also starred in The Iron Lady.
I hope you enjoy it!
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was released in 2001.
The Philosopher's Stone was also released in 1997.
Sure, he wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Small Steps. Do you like that genre?
Okay, then if you like fiction you'll like The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Dan Gilroy wrote Angels & Demons which is starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more about it?
The Bourne Legacy also stars Matt Damon and was released in 2013. Do you like Fantasy films?
The Bourne Identity starred Matt Damon and was released in 2013 in English.
Yes, Hayao Miyazaki directed The Sirens of Titan. Have you seen it?
It is a drama, he also starred in The Gyllenhaal, have you seen it?
No I don't know who stars in it, but Hayao Miyazaki also starred in the movie The Matrix Revolutions.
Yes, it actually happens to be an anime film. I'm a big fan of Yojimbo.
Yes he wrote There Will be Blood starring Paul F. Tompkins. Would you like to know more about this film?
Tom Waits starred in that one, along with Matt Dillon.
You are very welcome.
Sure. Paula Hawkins wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Hearer. Would you be interested to know more about either?
The Girl on the Train is a 2013 novel written by Paula Hawkins. It was also turned into a film directed by Paula Hawkins.
You're welcome!
No problem. I am glad that I could help.
Sure, have you read To Kill a Mockingbird, To Kill a Mockingbird and The Manchurian Candidate?
You are very welcome, please enjoy
I recommend the book The Bad Beginning if you like to read it.
I have added the library for the book.
Yes, it is. It's one of the most popular mystery novels in the world.
You're welcome.
Sure, he wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror. Do you like this genre?
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Yes, it was also written by Vladimir Naokov
Its genre is science fiction
Your welcome
Memoirs of a Geisha was written by Robin Swicord and Arthur Golden. This book was also made into a movie starring Kinnear.
This book is written by J. D. Salinger
Sure, He wrote Memoirs of a Geisha, have you read it?
Your welcome
He's married to Hayden Panettiere who starred in Scream 4 and A Bug's Life.
Yes, he wrote that!
No, I'm not sure about Anna Paquin. What genre are you looking for?
What is your favorite sitcom?
Green Eggs and Ham was written by Dr. Seuss.
There is also a film based on a book written by Seuss. It was released in 1985. Would you like to know more about this?
That's right, he did write the same to The Cat in the Hat.
It's a fun family movie. Kung Fu Panda was released in 2010 and is a science fiction action film.
He's been in The Fault in Our Stars and The Handmaids Tale.
Yes, she was in Superbad with Emma Stone.
No problem
Yes E.B. White wrote The Elements of Style and Stuart Little. Have you read them?
Sure, Safe Haven was written by Nicholas Sparks. It is a romance novel. Do you like Nicholas Spark movies?
It stars Temuera Morrison and Steve Buscemi. Dozen is also a movie by the Dozen by the Dozen.
It was released in 2004. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Yes, it stars Woody Harrelson.
You are welcome!
It stars Christian Bale as well as Christian Bale. Are you a fan of either?
Yes, that's correct. The Women of Brewster Place is starring Keanu Reeves and Sandra Bullock.
I don't know, but I know it was produced by Terry Pratchett.
Sure, I added it to your watch list.
Natascha McElhone is known for The Truman Show and Surviving Picasso. Would you like more information about her?
The Truman Show was released in 2004. It also stars Jim Carrey and Paul McCartney.
It was written by Dan Brown and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It is speculative fiction and science fiction
He wrote the Where the Heart Is and The Book Thief. Have you read those?
Little Bear is a Speculative fiction and was released in 1993.
You got it, I'll send it to your queue.
Happy to help!
No problem, I'll play it for you now.
He's such a prolific writer! He's directed some popular movies like War of the Worlds and Inland Empire, to name a few. He also directed the science fiction film Eragon.
Inland Empire has the genre Science Fiction and Fantasy
Idiocracy starred Matt Damon and Josh Brolin. Do you like science fiction movies?
It was released in 2008.
I will do that right away.
ok
Sure, Gone with the Wind is written by Margaret Mitchell. Do you like Margaret Mitchell's work?
If you like romantic comedies, you might also enjoy X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
It's a great movie. It was directed by Scott Fitzgerald.
Your welcome.
She starred in The Stone Angel and The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
Yes, Rafael Nadal is a Spanish tennis player from Spain.
Yes, I agree. I like Serena too. She has won a lot of PGA Championships right?
Wow, I didn't know that. I think Garfinkel is a good player as well.
Go Set a Watchman by the same author, Harper Lee?
Then you might like The Manchurian Candidate or The Manchurian Candidate by J. Evanovich.
You're welcome!
I love her music. My favorite is I'm Not Dead by Pink. What is yours?
I haven't heard of her music but I heard she's a very talented person. Is she a good singer?
Yes, she's also married to Guillermo del Toro. She was also in the movie Pledge too.
He starred in The O.C. which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Sandra Bullock also starred in The O.C. Is there anything else I can help you with?
If you like Peter Gallagher, you might also like The O.C. series called When You Were Sleeping.
You are welcome.
Martin Gardner wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you read that?
The Portable Atheist has the genre of Fantasy and The Children of Men. It was released in 1865.
The Portable Atheist and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer is a book he wrote.
Your welcome.
I know he's a soccer player from Colombia.
My favorite football team is the Dallas Cowboys. Are you a soccer fan?
Yes, he was also on the Manchester United F.C. team.
I like her sister Serena too. Are you a tennis fan?
That's interesting. Brett Ratner was also in Horton Hears a Who!
I'm not sure about that, but Al Pacino was in Shark Night.
The Glass Castle was written by Jeannette Wells, who also wrote Half Broke Horses: A True Life Novel.
Rob Zombie wrote it, and it was released in 2011.
I haven't, but I have heard of her. She's a fantastic writer. Have you read the whole series?
It is a fiction novel. Would you like to hear more from her?
Yes. Zoe's Tale is also a popular one by the same author.
Yes, it was written by Jack London as well
You are welcome
Isn't she a tennis player? I think she was born in Mumbai.
I like Roger Federer. Are you a cricket fan?
Yes, he did. He is a good player.
Yes, he was. Did you know he was also a model?
Do you like this movie because it is a fantasy?
Then you'll like The Golden Compass starring Christopher Lee.
I'm not sure who stars in that movie, but The Golden Compass stars Sam Elliott, Nicole Kidman and Sam Elliott.
Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, it was a great film! It starred J.K. Simmons and Melissa Benoist. JK won an Oscar for his role. Do you like it?
Yes Wade Williams also stars in the movie Troy Garity
I'm not sure, I don't believe so
Breakfast of Champions was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and the genre is Speculative fiction. Is that what interests you?
Yes, Welcome to the Monkey House was released in 1968. It's a very good movie.
I haven't read that one yet, I will check it out. Thanks for the info.
He directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly, which is starring Mark Waters.
Yes, John Sayles wrote The Spy Next Door as well as The Last Battle. Do you like his movies?
It's a great movie. It is a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
I like Phil Mickelson, he won the 2005 PGA Championship and the 2010 Masters Tournament. Are you a fan of his?
Do you like him as a cricket player?
It is a sitcom. Is that more of a drama?
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works. Have you read them?
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
I'm having trouble finding anything similar to Utterly Cold Blooded, I would also recommend The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
Yes, he wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
It's non-fiction. It's also a self-help book.
That's correct. Did you know that Spencer Johnson is also a motivational speaker?
Sam Taylor-Johnson directed Nowhere Boy and Fifty Shades of Grey.
Nowhere Boy starred Fifty Shades of Grey, and Fifty Shades of Grey.
Nowhere Boy is a Thriller, so I'm sure you will enjoy it.
It was written by Ralph Fiennes and a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes he did. If you like action films he also wrote Treasure Planet.
It was considered a political Thriller.
Yes she wrote The Virgin Blue, The Last Runaway and the Lady and the Unicorn. Have you read these?
I believe The Virgin Blue is a Mystery and The Last Runaway is a young-adult fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
I don't know anything about that movie, but I do know that it was directed by Tracy Chevalier and was released in 1996.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he is a great writer. Did you know he wrote The Mist and The Green Mile?
If you like Chris Owen, you should also try The Mist. It is written by Darabont and is considered a psychological thriller.
Would you like to know other movies written by Darabont?
Great, I will add it to your favorites.
Yes, he wrote Dan Gilroy. Did you know he wrote The Water is Wide, The Prince of Tides?
Matt Damon directed the Bourne Legacy
It is in the genre comedy
yes great action movie
good action movie
you are welcome
Do you like the genre of the book because it's a Romance?
Yes, Shel Silverstein also wrote Where the Sidewalk Ends.
Emile Hirsch and Shel Silverstein are similar to him.
You're welcome!
Isn't he the song We Rode in Trucks?
I don't know a whole lot, I don't know the song song. I do like Taylor Swift, too. I do like her in the movie Valentines Day. Do you like her?
Yes, I do agree with you on that!
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Unbroken A world war II Story of Survival, Resilience and Redemption, have you read it?
It's a historical novel released in 2000. It was also made into a movie starring Laura Hillenbrand as well.
Happy to help!
Sure, Oliver Stone wrote The Doors. The Doors is written by Randall Jahnson
The Doors stars both Joaquin Phoenix and Liam Neeson.
Yes, it is a musical. Do you like musicals?
You're welcome.
Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Wise Man's Fear, The Name of the Wind, and Rogues. Have you read any of these?
You're correct. For Heroic fantasy novels you might like The Name of the Wind.
You're welcome.
Would you like recommendations of other movies written by Veronica Roth?
Great, I would recommend The Hunger Games. It's a young-adult fiction. Would you like to know more about Divergent?
Yes! He's from Liverpool and plays the forward position. Do you like him?
Wayne Rooney from Manchester United F.C is a soccer player
I know that Thiago Silva is a Brazilian jiu-jitsu champion, do you like him?
I do not like them. I like their coach Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
Not really a fan of football. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys though. How about you?
Oh my gosh, that's very true. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you like pitch perfect because it's a thriller?
Anna Kendrick also stars in White Oleander and The Muppets.
Yes. The Last Five Years is also a film based on Mark Zuckerberg.
Yes, I can. Similar movies in that genre are; The Mists of Avalon, and The Lawnmower Man.
I also recommend The Muppets and The Passage.
You are welcome.
Yes, he wrote The Road to El Dorado. Would you like to know more about his work?
I think Suresh Rainia is an athlete on the India national cricket team.
Not really a fan, I prefer American Football but American Football is a very popular sport in the world.
Yes, he is a very good player. I prefer American Football or American Football.
I would recommend The Uglies Trilogy for starters but I can recommend others if you like.
It is a science fiction that was released in 2013
I'm sorry, I do not have any other information at the moment.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him other than he plays on Spain national football team. Are you a fan?
I am not familiar with the team. I know Vicente del Bosque plays for them.
Yes, he did. He also played for Manchester United F.C. I believe.
Yes, I heard he is a great coach.
Yes, he wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories. Would you like to know more?
He has written a lot of War and was made into a movie. His voice is also a cartoonist.
Yes, Fifty Shades Freed was written by E. L. James and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, I have read Fifty Shades Freed by E.L. James and it was released in 2011
Bared to You is written by Anne Tyler
Yes, it was released in 2012
You are welcome. Enjoy the book!
Yes, he wrote The Castle and Amerika. Are you a fan of fiction novels?
It's considered speculative fiction and science fiction. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome!
That book was written by Laura Hillenbrand and was made into a movie starring Laura Hillenbrand. Are you interested in this movie?
If you like that, you might also enjoy A World War Z: An Oral History of the Zombie Hunter.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is one of the best actor of our time. Are you a fan of his?
Yes. Patrick McGoohan wrote Braveheart. Do you like his movies?
Yes he did direct Braveheart is directed by Frank Darabont and starred Winona Ryder.
I know he wrote All My Sons, which is starring J. D. Salinger
Hope you enjoy it.
Martin Gardener wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer. Anything else I can help you with?
The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-Believer was released in 1868.
It's a non-fiction novel written by Vince Flynn. It's part of a series.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Washington Redskins sucks. did you know Dwight Schar is the coach?
That's right, they were a runner-up in Super Bowl XLVIII.
Yes, he played for the Broncos. I guess he was also a defensive back too.
Sure thing. It was written by J. D. Salinger and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is a sci-fi novel . Do you like those type of novels?
Robert A. Heinlein is a great writer.
Do you like Tropic Thunder because it stars Tom Cruise or because it is a thriller?
The Cable Guy is starring Tom Hanks, Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal
Sorry, I do not have information on that one.
Yes, Diana Gabaldon wrote My Own Heart's Blood.
I'm not sure about that, but Diana Gabaldon did write My Own Heart's Blood.
It's a novel.
You are very welcome!
He directed Cutthroat Island, starring Frank langella, and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
It stars Xzibit, Xzibit, and Xander Berkeley
It was released in 1995
Enjoy!
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know that they are having a good season this year.
I think they were better than the Cowboys in Super Bowl XLI. I did like their coach Tom Brady though.
Yes, I do like the Bears as well. I am a fan of the Dallas Cowboys as well. Do you have a favorite team?
Sure! I know that Doug Liman directed both Fair Game and Swept away. He also produced Fair Game as well as The Bourne Identity.
I do not have that information, but John-Henry also directed and starred in it.
I'm not sure who did the music for Fair Game was Candice Bergen. I think it was one of the most popular films in the world.
I don't know who starred in Fair Game. I do know that it was directed by Ron Sheppard.
Yes, he does. He also starred in Wrath of the Titans and Tom Sawyer.
I know that he's a Point Guard for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association.
I'm sorry, I don't have information on that. Did you know he's also a writer?
Yes, it was. It also starred Ryan Gosling.
I haven't seen it but I heard it's a great Sci-Fi movie. Are you a fan of this genre?
Aeon Flux also starred in it. Are you familiar with his work?
A sci-fi movie is Zombieland, which is a sci-fi.
You're welcome.
Yes i do and my favorite is 300: Rise of an Empire. Do you like his works?
300: Rise on an Empire was released in 2014. Eva Greene stars in it.
300: Rise of an Empire was released in 2014.
I would say Fantasy as well as Fantasy. Do you like Fantasy movies?
I will have to check it out. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am not sure about Eva Green's birthplace. I do not have the information when she was in the film.
You too!
I am not much of a fan of the San Diego Chargers. Are you a Dodgers fan?
It really is! I'm more of a baseball fan. Are you a baseball fan?
That's amazing. I haven't heard much about the sport. I am not a fan of that sport.
Sure, Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Would you like to know more about this movie?
Then you might be interested in the original. Then came out in 1947.
I don't know of any other movies written by Robert Louis Stevenson, but I do know that he wrote a book called A Star is Born.
You're welcome.
Sure, that's a great book. It was written by Zora Neale Hurston. Are you familiar with her?
There's one of them called Sword of Shannara by Terry Pratchett, and another is Sword of Shannara.
I don't have that information at my finger tips but I know she was influenced by J. D. Salinger.
I don't know about Paul Pogba's work but I know he's a football player.
Yes, he's from Manchester United F.C. and is a forward. Do you like him?
Yes, I would. It's a matter of personal preference.
I actually don't know much about football. I do know that he is a good player
Yes, He is a prolific writer who wrote Snatch and & The Selfish Gene. Are you familiar with those?
Sure, The Grapes of Wrath is a novel written by John Steinbeck. Do you like speculative fiction?
Tropic of Cancer has genre Speculative fiction and Children's literature. do you like that?
I have read The Pillars of the Earth which is a great fiction novel written by Anne Tyler.
I think it was released in 2009. Anne Tyler also wrote The Grapes of Wrath which is a great read.
It was written by Anne Tyler. The book was released in 2006, if you like that I would recommend The Vile Village
you are welcome. enjoy
The Bruges was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Ralph Fiennes who also stars in In Bruges.
Yes, it does. Tom Waits also stars in it.
If you like Helena Mattsson, you might also enjoy Tuesdays with Morrie.
You're welcome!
O Brother, Where Art Thou starred Jackie Chan and Bill Murray. It is a Thriller, do you like these genres?
Yes, she was also in Thirteen.
Yes, she also stars in Thirteen.
Your welcome.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks was written by Rebecca Stead.
The genre is science fiction
He also wrote Who Framed Roger Rabbit
Of course! Are you partial to works written by Henning Koch or do you like that genre?
It sure was. 2012 was the same year that Yoko Ono was released. Do you like that one?
Sure, do you like the movie because it's a thriller?
Okay Okay, I would recommend The Looking Glass Wars, The Golden Compass, and The Hunt for Red October.
I would recommend Captain Corelli's Mandolin if you haven't seen it.
Interstellar starred Daniel Radcliffe as well as James Franco. Would you like to know more about it?
You are welcome.
Yes, it was written by Suzanne Collins and is a Young-adult fiction. Have you read it?
He directed the comedy American Pie as well as The Golden Compass.
It also starred Chris Weitz. Are you a fan of his?
I haven't see anything at this time. But I do know she also starred in Fifty Shades of Grey
You're welcome
Andy Murray is a professional tennis player. Is that your favorite sport?
No, I haven't a long time ago. I haven't been to a match now.
It's really fun to watch. I have never been to a game before.
Melina Karakosta wrote Le Petit Prince.
Melina Karakosta also wrote Le Petit Prince.
I do not have that information, but I can tell you he was a musician who was influenced by Richard Condon.
Did you like X-Men: The Last Stand because it starred Hugh Jackman, or because it was a Sci-Fi?
If you like X-Men, you might also like The Last Stand.
Logan is a sci-fi film directed and produced by Bryan Singer.
Happy to help!
Yes, I like him. He wrote the Pixar film Up. Have you seen it?
Yes, he directed The Usual Suspects. Are you interested in any of his movies?
I like dramas. Do you like any other genres?
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy them.
Yes, Peter Bart wrote The Godfather
I do not know, but I can tell you that it is starring Al Pacino.
The Godfather was released in 1999 and was written by Francis Ford Coppola.
Sure, have you read The Shawshank Redemption or The Mists of Avalon?
Stephen King also wrote The Shawshank Redemption, have you read that one?
There is a film adaptation of The Dead Zone. It was directed by Stephen King.
You are welcome.
You're welcome!
She wrote one book called The Orphan Train, which was released in 2013.
My favorite book by her is A Piece of the World. Have you read it?
Yes. The Way Life Should Be, Sweet Water and The Way Life Should Be Be.
Will Smith starred in I Am Legend along with Will Smith.
I am not sure, but Will Smith also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness. Have you seen that movie?
I am not sure, but Will Smith was also in The Pursuit of Happyness which is also a Sci-Fi movie.
Yes I do. I am a Timothy Dalton fan. Do you like him?
How about Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade?
Yes, it is. You may also like Your Highness.
Yes I do, he is a lyricist. He wrote We Found Love.
I like him too, he is a really good artist. I like his song Yellow Submarine. What about you?
I haven't had a chance with his music, but I did hear that he was great in the movie The Road to El Dorado!
To Kill a Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee, it is fiction and was released in 1960.
Yes, The Incredible Journey was also written by Elizabeth George Speare
Sure, it was written by Claude-Michel Schönberg and stars Robert De Niro and Robert De Niro. It was released in 2014.
I recommend The Invisible Man and The Book of Mormon.
Of course! Other books in the genre are; The Book Of Mormon, The Invisible Man, and The Messenger.
Yes, The Deer Hunter is a thriller and was written by Hunter S. Thompson. Do you like thrillers?
It was directed by Quinn K. Redeker
Yes, meryl Streep is in it
Rosanna Arquette also starred in this movie
The Denver Broncos are a pretty good team. I don't follow them too much, I like their coach John Fox. Are they your favorite?
Oh, I love that they're in 2017 and they were runner-up in Super Bowl XLVIII. It was a great game and a great game.
Yes, that's a film starring Harrison Ford. Do you like his movies?
I did watch this movie. I really liked Renee Zellweger in Shark Night. That's a great movie.
I recommend The Pursuit of Happyness. It's a Thriller.
J. K. Simmons is a professional basketball player who plays as a point guard for the Mumbai Indians.
He has done a lot in that film. He was in The Narrows. Have you seen that one?
It also stars Temuera Morrison and Ray Winstone. I have heard of them.
Ronan Bennett was one of the stars in Public Enemies. Stephen Graham and Shawn Hatosy also starred in it.
I do not know what else he was in, but James Depp was also in the movie The Rum Diary
Well he was also in the comedy The Rum Diary which is a comedy. Do you like comedys?
I will have to check it out, thanks for the recommendation!
The Fugitive is starring Denzel Washington. Do you like that kind of movie?
I don't have that information, but Daniel Roebuck was also in The Fugitive.
Yes, I was happy to help.
The Fugitive is also a romantic comedy.
Yes, he was in The Fugitive. It also starred Harrison Ford.
You're welcome!
J. M. Barrie has written many books including The Law of Nines and The Invisible Man.
Sure, do you like books written by J. M. Barrie?
It's considered children's literature.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
I like him as an athlete on the France national football team. Do you follow soccer?
I think he plays for Manchester United F.C.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a great movie written by Gary Scott Thompson.
I recommend The Chronicles of Riddick. It's a Thriller.
I will definitely add it to your watch list.
Yes, Joh Favreau wrote Made, starring Faizon Love. Have you read it?
Yes Jonathan Silverman also starred in Faizon Love which is a comedy.
That is correct. Weekend at Bernies II is a comedy/drama. Have you seen it?
Yes that is correct and he also starred in The Vile Village
Yes she did. The Gazebo is a drama directed by Favreau.
The Gazebo is a Romance Film, I would also recommend Is there anything else I can help with?
Sure, Ted and Ted 2 were written by Seth MacFarlane. Would you like to hear more about that?
Sure, it was released in 1999 and produced by Seth MacFarlane. It stars Paul McCartney and Tom Hanks
Seth MacFarlane wrote and directed and produced This Is the End
Skyfall is a sci-fi film written by Edward Neumeier. Do you like sci-fi?
Yes, he has been in several films including The Good Girl and The Huntsman: Winter's Bone.
I don't know who the producer is, but Naomie Harris also produced The Prestige.
I'm sorry, I do not have that information at the moment.
I have heard of Adventure. It is a fantasy, but I think it is more of a thriller or horror genre.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Charlaine Harris and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Oh yes, that's a good one as well. Wasn't she influenced by William Steig?
Sorry, I can't find any by him.
You're welcome.
He directed the movie Three Kings. Are you a fan of adventure films?
It is a Fantasy. Do you like that genre?
Yes it is.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes. Did you know that book was written by John Green?
I think he also wrote The Fault in Our Stars, and Looking for Alaska.
The Fault in Our Stars was released in 2008.
Max Brooks is a writer and a director. He wrote World Without End. Are you familiar with his work?
2004. Would you like to know more about the book?
Will do! Hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Have you seen X-Men Origins:Wolverine? It's a Romantic Comedy
He also stars in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. It's a thriller too.
I haven't heard of them but I think I will like them. Enjoy!
Yes I do, he wrote Saphurblau recently and Emil and the Detectives.
The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Would you like to know more about this actor?
Have you seen The Good Doctor or The Good Doctor?
Yes, Michael Endes also wrote the NeverEnding Story.
Did you like it because it was a Action/Adventure movie?
I think that's a great one. I would also recommend The Last Samurai starring Tom Cruise.
You are welcome.
Your welcome.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Isn't he married to Cameron Diaz who starred in Shutter Island?
Yes, I haven't seen that one but i know he wrote Justin Timberlake
I haven't seen it but I will check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
I do, it was written by Ian Fleming and Ian Fleming star in it.
If you like science fiction, you might also enjoy the film True Lies. Are you familiar with this actor?
Yes, it is also a Spy film. I highly recommend it.
I know he plays for the Mexico national football team, Manchester United FC.
Yes, it is coached by Ryan Giggs.
You're welcome.
O Alquimista was written by paulo Coelho and released in 1988. He also wrote The Alchemist. Have you read that?
O Alquimista was written by Paulo Coelo and was released in 1988. He also wrote The Alchemist.
Yes, onze minutos was released in 1843. It's a French novel.
He starred in movies such as Turbulence and The Shawshank Redemption. Have you heard of these movies?
Yes, that's correct. Did you know she also starred in The Mists of Avalon?
You're welcome!
Yes, he is an athlete from India. Are you a fan of him?
The Kansas City Chiefs are a AFC West National Footbal League team. Are you a fan?
I like to watch football. I also like to watch college football. How about you?
I am not a huge football fan but I do know that the Redskins is coached by Mike Shanahan.
The invention of wings is a book written by Christopher Bigsby. He also wrote The War of the Worlds
The Last Samurai is starring Yuki Matsuzaki. Are you a fan of Japanese films?
I'm not sure who starred in The Pink Panther. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Yes, he was also in The Other Boleyn Girl and The Sneetches and Other Stories.
Of course! Other movies in that genre include The Other Boleyn Girl, The Sneetches and The Other Guys.
You're welcome!
They're a pretty good team. I like their coach Jason Garrett. Are you a fan?
I haven't seen it, isn't Ned Beatty a celebrity friend?
I have seen Jerry Maguire, isn't he a great actor?
I also enjoy Comedy-drama movies. I think you will enjoy it too.
He's a great director. He directed Battleship with Liam Neeson. Have you seen that one?
It is a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
Wonder was written by R. J. Palacio and released in 2012. Are you familiar with this author?
Yes, Wonder was also written by R. J. Palacio and came out in 2014. Are you interested in reading either of these?
Yes that is correct he also wrote Wonder Woman
The Last Man written by Jeff VanderMeer was released in 2014
your welcome
I haven't seen him in the movie The Fugitive.
Yes, Wild Things also stars Anna Kendrick and Jared Leto
She is an author who wrote The Scarlet Letter. Have you read it?
She wrote In Her Shoes, which is a romance novel.
It is a historical novel.
It was written in 1850.
You might enjoy Wildwood Dancing, When You Reach Me or Wildwood Dancing.
Yes, I do. It was released in 1817 and was written by Jane Austen and was released in 1817.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She also wrote Mansfield Park.
If you liked Jane Austen, you might also enjoy Persuasion or Mansfield Park.
You're welcome.
Yes, I would recommend The Fault in Our Stars starring Harrison Ford.
Tower Heist is a comedy starring Channing Tatum and Rosemary's Baby.
Tower Heist has a genre of Thriller, Comedy and Action. Do you like those genres?
You might also enjoy The Silence of the Lambs if you like crime movies.
She wrote оскресение and нна аренина.
Yes, most of her books are written in Russian. Would you like to know more about her?
You're welcome!
Yes, it's a very good movie. It's a Fantasy movie written by J.R.R.R. Tolkien. Do you like Fantasy movies?
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Good Doctor.
The Memory Keeper's daughter original language is English
I think she wrote The Lake of Dreams and The Secrets of a Fire King. Do you like speculative fiction?
It is a good one. Do you like Novels?
Snow Crash is a speculative fiction book written by Neal Stephenson. Do you like his books?
Sure! He starred in What's Your Number and The Perfect Score. Are you a fan of animated films?
Yes, It also starred Anna Kendrick and Natasha Richardson.
I'm not sure of that exact year, but Tika Sumpter was in The Perfect Score.
You are welcome.
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you be interested to see more of his works?
Yes he is. He also wrote The Great Gatsby.
You're welcome.
Have a good day
Not really, I do know a little about tennis. Isn't he a tennis player?
Not really, I am more of a fan of tennis but I have heard about him being such a good player
I'm not sure, but I know he was in the London 2012 Summer Olympics
There is a similar book to Running with Scissors, such as Sellevision or Xenocide.
A Wolf at the Table is a 1995 book written in English. It was also made into a movie starring Ron Rifkin.
I do not have that information at the moment.
Enjoy!
Are you interested in the author Jared Diamond?
It is a psychological thriller. Are you interested in those types of movies?
C. S. Lewis wrote it. Are you a fan of his?
He wrote My Soul to Take which starred Jessica Hecht. Have you seen it?
Yes, he also wrote My Soul to Take, which is a horror film.
Yes he does, he also starred in The Sorcerer's Apprentice with Jennifer Aniston.
You're welcome!
Of course! Anne Rice wrote Vittorio the Vampire and Violin.
Yes, she did write Frankenstein. It was released in 1818.
Yes, she did write The Last Colony and The Omen and The Other Boleyn Girl
Sure, have you read The Absolute Sandman, Volume One?
The Golden Compass is a fantasy novel by Gaiman as well as The Graveyard Book.
Happy to help!
Lois Lowry wrote The Patriot. It was made into a movie. Are you a fan of animated films?
It's considered a Speculative fiction as well as science fiction. Do you like those genres?
It was released in 1990.
The Great Gatsby is starring F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like the actor F. Scott Fitzgerald?
Sure, he directed Moon, Warcraft and The Amazing Spider-Man 2. Have you seen those?
It starred Winona Ryder, Scott Bakula and Jennifer Jason Leigh.
It's a suspense film based on the classic The Fault in Our Stars.
Yes I do. I like their coach Mike Zimmer. Do you watch them play often ?
I think it was a super bowl in the Seattle Seahawks last year. They were runner ups in Super Bowl XLVIII.
oh really what do you think about the Seahawks?
I have always been to a live game live in person.
Sure! Do you like it because it's an adventure movie?
Andrew Niccol directed the movie
He also directed A Bug's Life, which is another interesting one.
The Bourne Legacy is a thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like thrillers?
He was also in The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that one?
I have not seen it. Is it a Sci-Fi movie?
Do you like the author J.R.R.R. Tolkien?
Yes, J.R.R. also wrote The Lord of the Rings
Are you interested in other movies adapted by John Lee Hancock?
It starred Robert De Niro and Jodi Picoult.
He's a very good actor. He was also in Windtalkers, I think you might like that one.
You're welcome.
The Lightning Thief is a young-adult-speculative fiction written by Rick Riordan. Do you like that author?
Yes, I have read The Titan's Curse, The Son of Sobek, and The Son of Sobek.
It's a Fantasy. Do you like that genre?
I hope you enjoy it!
She starred in Haroh's Day. Have you seen that?
She wrote The Truth About Forever, and The Moon and More. Are you familiar with either?
I do not have that information, I am not sure who starred in that movie. Are you familiar with his work?
Inception was written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Prestige.
Yes, Christopher Nolan also wrote Prestige and The Prestige.
Yes, For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway.
He wrote To Have and Have Not, The Sun Also Rises, The Old Man and the Sea and The Garden of Eden just to name a few.
Absolutely, enjoy and have a great day
Yes, Stefan Kapicic starred in Deadpool. Are you interested in his movies?
Deadpool also stars Stefan Kapicic and Stefan Kapicic
Deadpool is a Fantasy
He is a Writer
Yes, I think he is a good businessperson as well as a producer.
Yes, he was also a spokesperson and a musician.
The Fault in Our Stars was written by John Green, would you like other books by him, or do you like other Young-adult fiction?
The Fault in Our Stars was written by John Green and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Have you read ''Looking for Alaska' or "Paper Towns' ?
It was written by Ernest Hemingway, have you read it?
Enjoy!
Sure, he starred in Palo Alto and Infinite Jest. Have you seen those?
It is a Romantic Comedy starring Denzel Washington and Josh Brolin. It is considered a comedy - if you like to watch it.
It was released in 2010.
You are welcome!
Yes I do, she wrote The Bone Collector. Have you read that book?
Yes, it's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
Yes, that's correct. Have you read Wuthering Heights?
Yes, he's one of my favorites. I liked him in The Awakening and The Awakening.
It starred Harrison Ford and Miranda Richardson.
I'm not sure, but Robert Duvall also starred in The Apostle.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. I do know that Fawcett was in a film, but he was also in Deception Point.
You're welcome.
Yes, I do. He directed the movie Wreck-It Ralph.
Tod Fennell and Chester Bennington both star in it.
I believe it's a romantic comedy.
You're welcome!
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She also wrote Pride and Prejudice.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to read some of her other books?
She wrote White Oleander as well as Paint it Black. Would you like to hear more of her books?
White Oleander was released in 2003 and is a dystopian novel.
You're welcome.
Akira Kurosawa is a Japanese film starring Yojimbo. Do you like Yojimbo?
Akira Kurosawa has also been in a number of movies. You might enjoy The Art of Asking or The Moon is a Stranger.
It starred Akira Kurosawa and Akira Kurosawa. Would you like to know more about either?
I will send it right now.
It was directed by J.K. Rowling.
Yes, he wrote Les Miserables didn't he?
Yes, that is correct. He also wrote The Invisible Man.
Oh, I forgot about that one. It's a good Romeo and Juliet.
I don't know much about Shakespeare other than he wrote it, I know a lot about Romeo and Juliet.
Yes, Once Upon a Time in the West is written by Mickey Knox. Do you like Mickey Knox movies?
Sure, Shane has also starred in many movies such as The Good, the Bad and the Ugly and The Haunted Man.
Your welcome!
Sure, he wrote Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts. Have you read those?
The Golden Compass is a fantasy novel that you might enjoy.
You're welcome!
Yes I like Charles Dickens. He wrote The Old Curiosity Shop, Oliver Twist and Oliver Twist. Do you like his work?
Charles Dickens also wrote A Christmas Carol, Oliver Twist, The Old Curiosity Shop and Oliver Twist.
He did! That book was also made into a movie starring Anne Hathaway.
That's right! It was made into a play written by Charles Dickens.
Enjoy!
I know that he is from Oklahoma City and he is Athlete who is also a point guard.
Not really. I'm more of a baseball fan
I like to watch football. I also like to watch college football.
No, I haven't. I'll have to look it up. I'll have to give it a try.
I have not seen it but I know that it was written by Joseph Heller and starred Samuel L. Jackson.
He's also a director. He's known for being a director and writer. He's also a director as well.
Yes, Hellboy is considered a comic fantasy. If you like that, you might also like The Black Dahlia.
Atlas Shrugged is a science fiction book written by Ayn Rand. Do you like science fiction books?
Yes, He wrote We Were Very Young, which is a science fiction book. Do you like science fiction?
That was released in 1957, the same year as The Visiting Hours and The Sparrow.
If I Stay was written by Gayle Forman, I would recommend The Fault in Our Stars. It is also a great book.
You can try When You Reach Me written by Rebecca Stead. It is also young-adult fiction.
You're welcome.
Have a great day!
Mark Osborne starred in Kung Fu Panda and the SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
Yes, Seth Rogan was also in The Sandman: Worlds End and The Hunt for Red October. Do you like Thrillers?
Seth Rogan also starred in The Sandman: Endless Nights and The Hunt for Red October.
Great! I think you'll enjoy that one as well.
The author James Patterson wrote 1st To Die, and it was released in 2001. Have you read the same year?
Sure, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
Yes, The Painted Veil is a good one. You should enjoy it.
You're very welcome!
They are a really good basketball team, I think Steve Kerr is their coach. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure. I'm more of a fan of the Miami Heat. Are you a basketball fan?
I do. I love Lebron James. Are you a fan?
I enjoy watching the Titans. What about you?
Yes, he is an Indian international cricketer. Do you like Cricket?
Yes, I like football. My favorite team is the Cowboys.
Yes, Bridget Moynahan starred as well.
Sure, John Boyne wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read that?
It's a suspense novel. A very good read. It was released in 1843.
It was released in 2006, the same year as The Boy in the Striped Pajamas was released.
You're very welcome!
I do! It was directed by Kiera Cass. It stars Keanu Reeves and Jeffrey Jones. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was in that movie. It was written by John Scalzi.
It was released in 1999
Enjoy!
Sure, it was written by Veronica Roth. If you like Divergent you might also like The Hunger Games.
The Hunger Games stars Jennifer Lawrence. Would you like more young adult films?
Sure! Elle s'appelait Sarah is written by Tatiana de Rosnay. It was released in 2007 in English even the author and title sound of a different language.
Yes, it was released in 2015 in English.
Yes, she also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
You are welcome.
She wrote the Childrens novel Black Beauty
Anna Sewell was actually born in 1877 in England.
You're welcome.
Yes, I like them too. My favorite is What About You. Do you know that one?
Yes he does. He also played the guitar and the guitar.
I'm not sure about that. I don't usually watch the show, I don't listen to that type of music.
Yes, Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline and was released in 2013. Do you like her work?
Yes, Orphan Train is considered a historical novel. Do you like her work?
I really like all the work of Christina Baker Kline. Do you like her work?
You're welcome.
Do you like L.A. because it's a thriller?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm not sure, but Brenda Blethyn also stars in The Matrix Revolutions.
You're welcome.
Yes I do. J.J. Cohen starred in Back to the Future, which also stars Thomas F. Wilson.
Yes. There was also Back to the Future with Lea Thompson. It was also very good.
Yes I do! It's a great young-adult fiction novel written by H.G. Wells. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he did, along with Crypt.
Oh, that's great. Would you like to see more of her movies?
Yes, Zodiac is also a crime fiction film and was directed by David Fincher.
You're welcome.
He's a great actor! He's been in a number of films such as The Matrix. Are you a fan?
Yes, he does. He's from Cincinnati too.
Not really a fan of the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
Sure, he directed The Clan of the Cave Bear. Are you a fan of drama films?
It stars Temuera Morrison and Ray Winstone. Are you a fan of family adventure films?
It's a great family adventure film. It was released in 2011.
You're welcome.
The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum wrote The Scarlatti Inheritance. what else can i do for you?
I love Unsolved mysteries, I think I'll watch that one now.
Wow, I'm sure you will enjoy it!
It's a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
I'll play it for you now!
I'm a fan of the Denver Nuggets. I think he's a very talented player too.
I'm not sure if he played for any other teams. I do know that Drew Brees is a part of the NFL.
It would be good to see them win that year.
Sure! He starred in so many great movies. Have you seen him in Count Zero?
Have you seen Hudson Hawk? It's written by John Seelye?
Matt Damon and Josh Brolin are in it. Are you a fan of them?
I'm not sure about that one, but I would recommend The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug. It's a great action movie.
Done!
You're welcome.
That's a great movie! It was written by Clint Eastwood, do you like his books?
I do not have that information. I can tell you Cory Hardrict also starred in that movie as well as Cory Hardrict.
Dennis Quaid starred in the Day with Cory Hardrict
Your welcome
Brandon Sanderson wrote Radiance and Warbreaker, have you read those?
It's a crime fiction. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 2004.
Your welcome.
Do you like the movie because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Absolutely! One of my favorites is The Princess and the Frog. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information at the moment. But i do know she was in The Santa Clause, too!
The Farthest Shore is a similar book. Do you like science fiction?
Yes, Orson Scott Card is a science fiction novel by John Scalzi. Do you like science fiction novels?
Have you read The Witch of Blackbird Pond? It is a good one.
Great, enjoy!
He directed the movie Three Kings. Are you a fan of adventure films?
He did star in Three Kings. Is that correct?
Your welcome
Anthony Daniels starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
Anthony Daniels is a favorite of mine, The Awakening and Swordfish. Do you like them?
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome!
Did you like Forrest Gump because it was written by Winston Groom?
No, I do not
You're welcome
I haven't read the book but I enjoy the movie a little bit. Did you know that it was written by Charles Dickens?
He also starred in The Princess Diaries.
Have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde?
Yes. It was also released in 19th century.
You are welcome.
That team is owned by Jeffrey Lurie, is a part of the NFL.
Yes, they were alsodrafted to the Seattle Seahawks.
I did not know that. I do know that it was drafted by the New York Jets though
I did not know that. I did enjoy TV shows like The Simpsons.
I do. The book was written by Rob Zombie and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like Speculative fiction?
Yes, The Lord of the Rings is considered speculative fiction. Another example of speculative fiction is The Sea of Monsters.
Yes, The Two Towers is considered Children's literature as well as The Return of the King.
I do not follow much football but I do know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt and owned by Bud Adams.
They were the runner ups in Super Bowl XXXXVIII.
Yes I would say it's been a good game so I would say it's a lot of fun to watch.
Sure, Brad Pitt wrote Troy, and Inglorious Basterds. Would you like more information about one of these films?
Have you seen A Time to Kill or The Monuments of Yvonne Zima?
It's a good one, I think you will enjoy it.
Of course, I'll add it now. Enjoy!
Yes, that's a great movie. I like Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi. Do you like movies like this one?
If you like sci-fi, you might also enjoy Where the Wild Things Are.
Aeon Flux stars Charlize Theron. It's a great movie.
I do too! She's such a talent actress. I'll have to check her out later.
Yes, it's a very good movie. It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes that's correct. Rock from the Sun is a science fiction film. Do you like science fiction?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Do you like the book because it's a Romance?
It was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like his books?
Yes, it is also written by Nicholas Sparks and is in the genre of Young-adult fiction.
Hes great and has a wonderful wife in Gisele
I like Wildcats too. Rudy was good in that movie.
Yes, I agree. Couples Retreat was written by Vince Vaughn. Would you like to see that one?
Sure, it was written by James Cameron and starred Tom Hanks. Do you like James Cameron?
Volcano was great and the Transformer series was also released in 1979. Do you want me to proceed with the list of his movies?
Tommy Lee Jones also stars in the movie The Avenger, which is a action film. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was in Dante's Peak too. I haven't seen it. Is that a thriller?
Enjoy!
I did enjoy The Butterfly Effect and it was written by Eric Stollz. I think it was a great Sci-Fi movie. I haven't seen it before but I heard it was good.
He has also starred in Wreck-It Ralph
Then you might like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee.
Leonard Nimoy starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home is a Sci-Fi movie. Would you like to know more about Walter Koeing?
The Voyage Home is starring Matt Damon and Josh Brolin. It is a Science Fiction movie. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
ok
I can recommend a movie Chaos, it is thriller. Have you seen it?
If you haven't seen that one, I would recommend The Yojimbo as well. It is a Thriller.
Your welcome.
I know he's an athlete on Spain's national football team.
Oh yes, that's a very interesting sport. It's a biographical film starring Clint Eastwood.
I think he's from Honolulu. He was born in Rio de Janeiro.
I don't really follow them much, I do know they are owned by Jay-Z and a part of the NBA.
I don't know much about that one other than he is a member of the Minnesota Vikings.
Yes, he did. I was also a fan of the Milwaukee Bucks.
Yes it is a very good movie. It stars Thomas Lennon and Jora Fox. It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Prestige starred Christian Bale as well as Michael Caine. Are you a fan of either?
Yes, I have watched Wild at Heart and Transormers is a great movie
Yes he is a composer/DJ. Some of his works include Where Have You Been and We Found Love.
Rita Ora is a dance pop artist. Do you like that type of music?
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, I do. Are you a fan of Adam Brown? He was also in The Hobbit.
The Hobbit also stars Peter Jackson. Are you interested in any of these actors?
Great, I would also recommend the Dark Knight Rises if you are interested.
Certainly!
Great. Glad I could help.
James Harden is a shooting guard, shooting guard, and shooting guard. Have you seen him play?
Yes, he's definitely a good player. I'm a fan of the Miami Heat. Do you like basketball?
Yes, you are right, he is one of the best players of all time.
That was a great movie by George Lucas. Are you a fan of any of those people?
Yes, He was in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
Yes, Zombieland is a similar movie
Your welcome
Crescendo is a young-adult fiction book written by Paulo Coelho. Are you familiar with his work?
She has also written Silence and Hush, Hush.
Yes, I recommend Silence and Hush, which are very good.
Sure, The Maze Runner was written by James Dashner. The Maze Runner is also a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Scorch Trials is starring Rosa Salazar, Lili Taylor and Ki Hong Lee.
You are welcome.
Absolutely! Jake Gyllenhaal wrote The Fault in Our Stars, The Day After Tomorrow, and The Day After Tomorrow. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, The Prince of Persia is also considered a Romance Film. Another similar movie is Vivica A. Fox.
I would also recommend The Truth About Forever, which also stars Meryl Streep as well.
Yes, he directed Friends with Benefits. Justin Timberlake starred in it.
Annie stars Shelley Duvall and Jared Letto
I don't know what other movies he's in, but
The Notebook was written by Nicholas Sparks. Are you interested in more of his work?
Yes, it was a very good read. It was written by Nicholas Sparks in 1962.
I think it was Message in a Bottle was released in 2003.
Yes, it was written by Nicholas Sparks. It was released in 1993.
Yes, it was also written by Richard Condon.
You're welcome!
Yes, Twilight: The Complete Illustrated Movie Companion was written by Stephanie Meyer and released in 2007. Would you like to know more about her?
No, I have no idea. What genre are you looking for?
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like the author J. D. Salinger? He also wrote In Her Shoes.
He wrote The Crucible. Have you read that?
Yes, he did. The Crucible is also written by Christopher Bigsby. He also wrote The Crucible.
He also wrote The Crucible, The Invisible Man, The Book of Mormon.
No problem. Have a great day!
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty good team since they won the Super Bowl XLIII Super Bowl XLIII.
They're not a Super Bowl but they're not a very good team. They're a runner up in Super Bowl XLVIII.
They're not doing too well so far, but they're having a good season. They'll have to be in the AFC West and they're not doing too well.
Lolita wrote many popular books, including Where Rainbows End and The Other Boleyn Girl.
It was released in 2012, in English.
Great, enjoy!
you are welcome.
No, I haven't heard of him but I heard he composed Friends with Benefits. Do you like him?
Yes, she was married to Justin Biel. She also had a spouse named Justin Biel.
No, I haven't heard of it. What genre is it?
Another book by J. K. Rowling is The Silkworm. Have you read that one?
Another book by J. K. Rowling is The Silkworm. Have you read that one?
It was released in 2014 in English. It is about a boy with facial differences attending elementary for the first time. Does that interest you?
Of course, do you prefer that genre of books or do you prefer?
Of course, it was co-written by Wiesel as well. It was actually made into a movie starring Robert De Niro.
Both were written by J. K. Rowling.
Yes, she also wrote The Casual Vacancy, The Silkworm and The Silkworm.
I'm not sure but I can suggest other books written by J. K. Rowling.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I actually don't have that information, sorry.
You're very welcome.
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie written by Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like his movies?
I don't know a lot about football. Who is he for?
I like Basketball too. Who is your favorite player?
I did watch that show. I really like Space Jam. Who is your favorite?
I do watch the show called Boogie Nights.
Yes, I like those too. He is a great actor. I think he is a great actor.
Inception is starring Tom Hardy, Christopher Nolan, Christopher Nolan, Christopher Nolan and Christopher Nolan. Would you like to know more about these actors?
Yes, that's correct. Did you know she also starred in Fast Times at Ridgemont High?
Enigma was released in 2014 starring Anna-Marie Duff and Anne-Marie Duff. It is a drama.
Added to your watch list.
Rob Reiner is an author he wrote This Is Spinal Tap.
If you like Rob Reiner, you should check out The Warrior's Way or The Man from U.N.C.L.E. Hinton.
One of my favorites is The Fault in Our Stars.
Your welcome.
I know he wrote Songs of Willow Frost. You like that one?
I am not sure of the exact date. I can find it for you.
You are welcome.
I haven't heard much of her music but I do like the movie Spring Breakers. Did she star in that movie?
I'm not sure who was in that, but Selena Gomez was also in Spring Breakers.
It's a really good one. I think Selena is a Dancer, too. She's a very talented actress.
Do you like Michael Parks because it is a comedy?
Yes, they did. They were the runner-up in the 1986 World Series. Are you a baseball fan?
Not really, I am not a fan of baseball but I did find it interesting that Tom Werner, the owner of the Red Sox, was a Red Sox and the Red Sox. Are you a baseball fan?
The team is coached by Mike Pettine and owned by Thomas S. Rickett.
I think he is a very talented golfer, did you know he won the 2007 PGA Championship?
From what I can see, he didn't win thePGA Championship.
Yes, he was in the movie Tiny Dancer, he was also in the movie Shark Night.
Sure, The Hurt Locker is starring by Kathryn Bigelow
Yes he did, he also starred in Thor as well.
It also stars Evangeline Lilly and is considered a Sci-Fi movie.
Of course, I added the watch list now.
The Arizona Cardinals are a professional American football franchise based in the Phoenix metropolitan area. The Cardinals compete in the National Football League as a member team of the National Football League.
yes they moved to Arizona from New Orleans.
I do like college football. what about you?
I don't know much about him other than he's a professional footballer. Do you like soccer?
Oh, I didn't know that. I just know that Aguero is a Brazilian soccer player, right?
I really like soccer. I'm not a big fan of soccer but I do like American Football. What about you?
El amor en los tiempos del cólera was released in 1985 and is written in English.
I'm sorry, I do not have any information on any other books written in English.
Yes, it is written in English.
Sure. Do you like books written by James Patterson?
Yes, it is also a thriller and a mystery. Do you like thrillers?
It was written by James Dashner. It's also a science fiction as well as a thriller.
My pleasure.
Yes, I do. It was written by Ian McEveety and starred Tom Hanks. It was also produced by Ian McEveety.
I recommend The Fault in Our Stars, which is also in the War genre.
Well it was considered a Tragicomedy. I would suggest The End of the Affair, which is also a Tragicomedy.
I sure do! He wrote Jurassic Park and Surviving Picasso.
Great, I would recommend a great horror film called World War Z, if you like that one.
Sure, some of the actors in the film are Zombieland, Corey Johnson, and Michelle Pfeiffer.
Enjoy!
Sure, that was written by Lisa See and it's an excellent novel released in 2005. Have you read other works by Lisa See?
It's a fictional novel. Do you like those kinds of books?
It certainly is! Have you read any of his other books, including Xenocide?
Yes, she is a professional badminton player. I am not a big fan of badminton but I do know that she plays Badminton.
Yes, that's true. He also participated in the 2012 Olympics.
Yes that's correct. It was written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
I haven't read any of his work but I do know that he is influenced by William Shakespeare.
No, I am not sure about that one. I do not have any information on that one.
Sure, do you like Sense and Sensibility because it's a romance novel?
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion.
I think he's a great artist, but I really like his song Hero, it's a song of his. How about you?
Anna Kournikova is a great actor. Did you know she was also a musician?
Did you know he is also a dance-pop artist?
The Aviator stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Frances Conroy. Are you a fan of either?
It also starred Leonardo DiCaprio and was directed by Martin Scorsese. Are you a fan of animated films?
He has also starred in The Aviator. Anything else I can help you with?
No problem!
He's been in a number of popular movies like Summer of Sam, Wilder Napalm and Toy Story 3. Are you interested in any of those?
Yes, it stars Jennifer Esposito. It's a great movie.
You're very welcome!
Yes, she wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read either of those?
It is in the genres of Speculative Fiction and Children's literature
The Historian is a great suspense novel. Do you like suspense?
Absolutely, I will send it right now
Yes, He is a golfer from England. Do you like golf?
what sport do you like to watch?
that is true. do you like any other sports besides golf?
i like to watch college football. what about you?
i have never been to a live game before. what sports do you like?
i think he is a good player. do you like any other sports?
They are a pretty good team. My favorite is the Dallas Cowboys though. How about you?
Cam Newton. Are you a fan of any other teams?
Who do you root for?
Yes! She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Elie Wiesel.
Yes! Un di Velt Hot Geshvign was released in 1958 and was written in English.
Yes, The Man in Havana was released in 1958. That was the same year as The Man in Havana.
He starred in Vulgar
He also starred in a movie called Unstoppable. It's a crime thriller. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Yes William Lee Scott was in the Butterfly Effect. He also starred in The Final Destination.
You are welcome.
I know that they play under multiple labels including Warner Music, Universal Music and Republic Records
Yes, Gwyneth Paltrow is friends with Gwyneth Paltrow.
I don't have any idea. Do you like that type of music?
You're welcome.
I like them and Tom Brady is the coach. Are you a Patriots fan?
Yes, it is! Do you like football?
Oh, I see. I don't follow football too closely to be honest.
Oh wow, that's a very interesting one.
He directed Hotel Rwanada. Have you seen it?
Hotel Rwanda is written by Terry George. Would you like to know more about his?
Hotel Rwanda is an indie film.
Your welcome.
Sure! Beatrix Potter wrote The Tale of Peter Rabbit.
It was released in 2011.
I'm not sure, but it has a genre of profession. The Tales of Peter Rabbit has also been a profession.
You're welcome!
Sure, it was written by Michel Gondry and Hugh Jackman.
He has also starred in Wolverine.
The Croods is a science fiction film directed by David Benioff.
It is a romantic comedy. I hope you enjoy it.
The genre of The Proposal is Science Fiction and Thriller.
It was written by Tim Burton. Are you familiar with his work?
Lewis Carroll also wrote Xenocide. what else can i do for you?
Great! Anything else I can do for you?
You're welcome.
The Incredibles is starring Brad Bird. Brad Bird starred in Ratatouille also in this movie.
Then you might like The Portable Atheist or Pet Sematary. Both are good.
I'm not sure who else starred in Ratatouille, but I think you may like The Incredibles.
Yes, he plays professional basketball as a point guard for the Denver Nuggets
I haven't heard much about it, I used to be a kid. I used to be a kid. How about you?
I do! My favorite NFL team is the Dallas Cowboys. Which is yours?
I like basketball. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
I really don't know much about the baseball team. I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan though.
I have not watched Fight Club. I know that it is written by Jim Uhls and stars Edward Norton and Michelle Pfeiffer.
I really like when she and Seth Meyers (Late Night with Seth Meyers) went day drinking? Have you seen those?
I haven't heard much of her music. Is she a good singer?
I'm not a fan of the music genre, I have never heard of her before. Is she a good singer?
I prefer heavy metal and rock as well.
Hot Fuzz is written by Mike Mills and stars Jim Carrey and Michelle Pfeiffer. It was produced by Bruce Joel Rubin.
A movie similar to Shooter is Nothing to Lose.
Shooter was written by Stephen Hunter and also stars in the genre of Thriller, and is a thriller.
Sure, Rum Diary stars Matt Damon and Roscoe Lee Browne
You're welcome
He's a pretty good golfer from Dallas. Do you like golf?
Did you know that he's from Dallas?
No, I haven't played any other sports but I did enjoy watching the TV show Moonwalker. Are you a golf fan?
Serenity is starring Jodie Foster and Whitney Houston. Do you like them?
No problem. I am happy to help.
You're welcome.
It's a good one. It's also a psychological thriller, starring Matt Damon and Josh Brolin.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, he directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Are you a fan of his?
Be Kind Remind starred Roger Allam and was directed by Be Kind Remind.
Yes, Maroon 5 is a group of singers. PJ Morton and Mickey Madden are in it. Do you like them?
I like their song Almost Is this what you're looking for?
Okay, I'll have to check them out, thank you for the recommendation.
I'm not a huge fan of speculative fiction but I do know that he was in Men in Black 3 which is one of my favorites.
I didn't know that, but I do know that she's from the United States of America
That's a good one!
He plays for the Argentina national football team
How do you feel about Manchester? I prefer American football.
I agree! He's one of the best players of all time.
Yes, Shrek was written by Mike Myers and stars Mike Myers and Rupert Everett. Do you like animated films?
28 Days later is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Matt Damon and Josh Brolin are in that movie. Are you a fan of them?
You're welcome.
Sure, Lea Thompson starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wildest Dream.
It was produced by Lea Thompson and it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Randy Quaid was also in National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation 2. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, she wrote Silence and Hush, Hush
Sorry, I don't have that information.
I believe it's also a romance novel
You are welcome.
I'm not sure who directed it, but the movie was written by Roger Zelazny.
He also wrote What's the Worst That Could Happen
Zoe Lister-Jones also stared in Monsters, Inc. He's a great actor.
You're welcome!
Gore Verbinski wrote Rango, starring Johnny Depp. Do you like Johnny Depp?
It is in the genre of Thriller. It's a drama. Do you like those genres?
Yes, Rango is considered a action film. Do you like that genre?
Your welcome!
Would you be interested in more movies starring Channing Tatum or Kirsten Dunst?
I don't have that information right now.
That is what I am here for.
Nine is a great blockbuster comedy movie, have you seen that one?
Yes, I really like her. She wrote A Little Princess, which is a great book.
I have read that one as well, it's a children's literature.
I'm going to suggest reading the Vampire Chronicles. It's a great book!
The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins, who also wrote Gregor and the Marks of Secret.
It was released in 2009.
You're welcome!
She wrote Mansfield Park. Have you heard of him?
Mansfield Park is a science fiction book. Do you like science fiction?
I haven't read a book but I heard it was good. It was released in 2013 and is a Romance. Do you like that genre?
I haven't heard of any murder mystery genres but I do know that it was released in 2013 and is a romance film.
I haven't watched Murder on the Orient Express. Wasn't it a comedy?
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
I apologize, I do not have that information.
You're very welcome.
Les visiteurs and Amelie are good ones. Have you seen these?
I do not have information on Amelie, but I can tell you she also starred in Princess Mononoke which is a psychological thriller.
You're welcome. He also starred in The Princess and the Frog.
I do! I really like his song I Don't Want This Night to End. How about you?
Yes, Leesburg is a singer-songwriter from Leesburg. Are you a fan of his?
I don't have that information at my finger tips but I do know he is with the Virgin Records
Great choice, have you seen Marlon Brando in the movie The Young Lions?
Well, Viva Zapata also stars in many movies, including The Boy Next Door, The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you seen any of those?
I'd say both of them are good. Viva Zapata was also in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you seen it?
I do like him. He's a great player. I'm also a fan of the Golden State Warriors.
No I am not a fan of the sport. Who do you like?
Yes, He did win the NBA All-Rookie Team
Yes, He did a great job with the NBA All-Rookie Team
Mervryn Peake is a Scientist and author, He wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and was influenced by J.J. Abrams.
Yes, The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was originally written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories.
Sure, he has starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Would you like to know more about that movie?
It was directed byigi Pistilli and also starred Tom Hanks and Robert De Niro.
Yes she was as well as starred in The Bounty Hunter which is a thriller
You're welcome!
Yes, I can recommend a couple of my favorite songs, like When You Reach Me and Water for Elephants.
Yelling to the Sky is a Thriller, written by Frank Darabont.
He's a great actor. He was also in The Wedding Date, have you seen that movie?
I will send it to you.
yes it was. Gabourey Sidibe starred in Zodiac.
Do you like The Dark Knight because it's a superhero movie?
Zoolander is a great comedy movie in that genre. Have you seen it?
True Grit and No Strings Attached are both adventure movies. Have you watched them?
i do not have any information in my data base on that.
i hope you enjoy it.
The complete Anne of green gables, blue castle and the Rilla of Ingleside. Have you read either of those?
The Blue Castle came out in 1856. It is a mystery/fantasy genre.
The Mists of Avalon was also released in 1926.
Sure, he has also produced The Warrior's Way, The Silence of the Lambs, and The Narrows.
Then you might also enjoy The Fault in Our Stars by Christopher Meloni. Have you seen that one?
It has a great cast, including Ben Stiller and Jonathan Frakes. Would you like to see it?
You're welcome!
The Shawshank Redemption is written by Stephen King. Would you like to know who wrote it?
Yes, he did write it. It is a crime fiction. Do you like that genre?
How about The Mists of Avalon?
You're welcome.
He is a musician who composed the songs Night of Your Life and Love is Gone. Do you like his music?
Yes, I do like his music. Did you know he is also a model?
I like Tyler Mane. What is your favorite song of him?
I like him too. He's a great performer, as well as singer.
The Interview was written by Cyrys Nowrasteh which also directed The Young Messiah.
yes it is a psychological thriller
great. hope you enjoy it.
you are welcome have a great day
It's a comedy starring Seth Rogan and Katherine Heigl. Do you like comedies?
Funny people was released in 2012.
i do not have any other information on the cast. I can add that to your watch list.
You're welcome!
Yes, Paul Pogba is playing on the Brazil national football team.
Yes that's correct. Is that the one where runner ups?
I do not like American football. What is your favorite team?
I don't know a lot about Ryan Griggs, but I heard he is a great coach.
Yes, he is a very talented writer. He wrote Animal Kingdom: Let's go Ape.
It's a drama
I'm not sure, I do know that Spike Lee directed The Matrix.
Sure, she was an actress who starred in the movie The Fault in Our Stars.
My apologies, I do not have that information at my finger tips but did you know she is also an author?
Yes, he is from the United States.
The Poisonwood Bible is a good one
It is a Historical novel and also considered a historical fiction.
Zoe's Tale is a Sci-Fi novel written by John Scalzi.
You're welcome.
I think she's a great singer and actress. I really liked her in Camp Rock and Princess Protection Program.
Yes, he did. That movie was a romantic comedy, and Julia Roberts was very funny.
Tommy Chong also stars in 'The Wuthering Heights" and "Mystic River."
Dead to the World is a Speculative fiction book written by Charlaine Harris in 2012. Do you like that genre?
Then you might like Dead to the World. It was written in 2008 by Charlaine Harris.
It was written by Charlaine Harris and is in the genre of Speculative Fiction.
You're welcome!
Sure, Quantum of Solace was directed by James Dashner. Have you seen it?
Skyfall is listed as a Thriller
I do not have that information right now, but I can recommend other thrillers if you like
Great! Is there anything else I can help with?
I did not watch much football but I do know they were the runner-up team for Super Bowl XLIII.
Oh, I'm not a big fan of the Vikings, but I did see a match in the Super Bowl XL.
Yes, the Steelers were the runner ups in Super Bowl XLIII and Super Bowl XLIII.
Yes, it's a very good Drama starring Kevin Spacey. Do you like movies starring Kevin Spacey?
I do like thrillers. Zodiac is another movie I like.
Yes I have seen Unfinished Business. What genre do you like to watch?
I do like that style of music. Did you know Selena Gomez was also in it?
I like rock too. I am also a big fan of the band Ella Enchanted.
I am not sure about that. I do like his music. I think I have heard of her.
Yes, it was written by John Green and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
I haven't read that one, did you know that was written by William Steig?
You are welcome.
It's a science fiction action film, do you like sci-fi?
Olivia Wilde also starred in X-Men 2.
Anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome!
Frank McCourt wrote Teacher Man. Have you read it?
It's a football team based in Los Angeles, California.
Yea, I did really enjoy that. Who is your favorite star?
No problem!
Do you like it because it's a Channing?
Channing Tatum also starred in Magic Mike.
It came out in 2013.
Your welcome.
Yes, it's a great speculative fiction written by Frank Baum. Do you like that author?
I love her! She is very talented. I like her in Victorious. Do you like her music?
Yes, I did. That was a great show. Did you know Sam & Cat was also a producer?
Yes she is. I haven't watched that show before
Yes, it was released in 2015. She is one of the most recent singers of all time.
Enjoy!
It came out in 2005 in the same year as The Lord of the Rings
That's correct. The next book in the series was called Lord of Rings.
The Rock was released in 1996. Movies similiar to The Rock is Eagle Eye, and Wild side.
I like Shark Night and also Katharine McPhee. Do you like her movies?
Yes, that's correct. Do you need any more information?
Yes he plays for the Colombia national football team. He is a midfielder. Do you like soccer?
No, I am not a fan of the sport. What sports do you like?
He plays midfielder along with zico
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski and stars Keanu Reeves and Laurence Fishburne. Would you like more information about her?
Sure. You might like Zombieland, Yesterday Was a Lie, or Wyrd Sisters.
You're welcome.
Harold Ramis wrote Groundhog Day which stars Bill Murray, have you seen it?
It stars Rodger Bumpass and Roscoe Lee Browne. Are you a fan of these actors?
It is considered a romantic comedy, based on a book by Charles Dickens.
Yes, Chiaki Kuriyama starred in Kill Bill: Vol. 1 and Kill Bill Vol 2. Are you interested in any of those films?
The Sky Crawlers was released in 2003 and directed by Kinji Fukasaku.
I don't show that information, but I do know that he directed and produced The Sky Crawlers.
I don't show any other actors in the Sky Crawlers, but I do see that film was directed by Frank Finlay.
I can do that for you.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the series The Oz Books, would you be interested in other books in the series?
Then you might also enjoy The Looking Glass Wars. It was written by Frank Beddor.
You're very welcome!
I haven't heard much of her music but I heard Tik Tok and Die Young. Are you a big fan?
No, I haven't heard of it, but I heard it's really good. Is there a specific album I should listen to?
Yes, that's what I have heard. Did you know she is from the United States?
He also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Murder by Death. Would you like more information about him?
I did not know that, but I do know Utterly Cold Blooded also starred in this movie, have you seen it?
I do not have that information at this time. However, I can tell you that William Hurt starred in it as well.
Isn't he the guy who wrote the movie The Fault in Our Stars? Have you heard of that one?
I can tell you that he wrote the movie The Fault in Our Stars, which is a thriller.
It is considered a Sci-Fi.
You're welcome.
It's a good movie.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
He wrote The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary and The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary.
The Ugly Truth is also a book written by Jeff Kinney.
It was released in 2000
your welcome
I don't think he's a good player but I think he's from Chicago too.
I don't know of any other point guards. Are they good?
I'm pretty sure I will have to check it out. Thanks for the info.
I have never been to the Mets since they were the runner-up in the 1986 World Series. Are you a fan?
Oh i see. Do you like baseball?
I like the Washington Nationals. What is your favorite team?
He is a good soccer player, do you like soccer?
I agree! He's one of the best forwards.
Oh, I love that movie! It's so funny!
Stephen Sommers wrote Van Helsing and The Mummy Returns. Would you like to know more about either of those?
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Mummy is also a thriller, so you might also like The Mummy Returns if you're interested.
Yes, it's a fantasy, written by Stephen Sommers. It's also a great movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like it because it's a Thriller?
Great, I think you might also enjoy Confederacy of Dunces, which is also a Indie film.
It is also a very popular one, I think you might like The House of Seven Gables also starring Memento.
I haven't really followed it but I do know that it is a Thriller/Crime fiction. Do you like that genre?
Well, if you like Tom Cruise you might also enjoy "Viking Dawn" or "Warrior."
It's a good one. It was written by John Steinbeck, and made into a movie.
You're welcome.
Sure. I'm sorry, I don't have any information on P.C. Cast. I'm sorry.
Yes, I highly recommend The Tempted. It's a great suspense novel.
Yes, it is written by Melissa Marr. It is a young-adult fiction novel.
You might also enjoy Untamed: A House of Night Novel by Rebecca Wells. Have you read it?
Enjoy!
For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway. Would you like more books by him?
It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
If you like romance, you might also like The Princess Bride. Have you heard of it?
I hope you enjoy them!
They are a pretty good team. I like their coach Tom Brady though. Are you a fan?
I'm not a big fan of the New England Patriots. I do know that they're currently playing in the Super Bowl. Are you a Patriots fan?
The wife is named Marcia Gay Harden. Is there anything else I can help with?
The Town was directed by Ben Affleck. Ben Affleck also starred in Paycheck.
It was a great movie. Its a Science Fiction movie. Do you like science fiction?
I do not know who directed it.
Awesome. Have a good day.
Perhaps you would like Fifty Shades of Grey. It's a Thriller.
have you seen Transformers?
it was a great movie written by Robert C. O'Brien, with a great cast.
he also directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
Isn't Katy Perry a country music artist? I'm a big fan of country.
Get Him to the Greek was a great movie. Did you know it was written by Francis Ford Coppola?
I do like Russel Brand. He is a great actor. I'm not sure if he is in that one, but I do like him.
Starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn, what do you like about it?
I haven't seen that movie. I know he directed The Matrix Revolutions. Are you familiar with that one?
He certainly was! Oh yes, that was a hilarious movie for sure.
Oh yes, I love Meryl Streep movies. She's a great actress. Have you seen it?
Sure, have you watch The Devil's Advocate or The Devil's Advocate?
Yes, it is a great drama film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
peter wrote X-Men: Days of Future Past and The Station Agent.
It's a sci-fi, as well as a comedy.
Sure, X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse Now are all in the Fantasy genre.
The main lead in The Wolverine is Jennifer Lawrence, and X-Men: First Class.
You are welcome.
Thomas E Connolly starred in the movie The Fault in Our Stars.
Yes, it was co-written by Thomas E Connolly and was released in 1850.
You're welcome.
Yes I do, it was written by Sean Penn and stars Sean Penn. Have you seen it?
Yes, he's a writer. He wrote and directed Into the Wild. Are you familiar with that film?
You're welcome!
Yes I do it stars Johnny Depp and is a Romance and Fantasy movie. Do you like this genre?
Yes, The Rum Diary and The Rum Diary are great children's fantasy films.
You're welcome!
Sure, he wrote The Mad Ship and The Golden Fool. Are you familiar with either?
Have you read Witches Abroad?
Do you like Ship of Magic because it's a Historical novel?
Hope you enjoy!
Yes, he wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Importance of Being Earnest.
Yes, it is. Other examples are Zoe's Tale and Wolves of the Calla.
I do not have that information.
Enjoy!
Throne of Glass is a great book written by Sarah J Maas and released in 2012. Are you familiar with her work?
Yes, it was released in 2014 and is starring Robert Downey Jr.
I think you might like The Assassin and the Desert or The Avengers. Do either of those interest you?
You are welcome!
Sure, Jennifer Ehle starred in Fifty Shades of Grey. Have you seen that one?
Mark Boal wrote The Hurt Locker. This movie was also written by Mark Boal.
I agree. She was also in The Mists of Avalon, which is a thriller.
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Colombia national football team. Do you like him?
I don't know a lot about him. I think he plays for the Colombia national football team.
I'm not familiar with Shakira either. What is her team?
Do you like the movie because it's a Thriller?
He also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
You're welcome!
My favorite team is the Broncos. Who is yours?
I like baseball and baseball. My favorite team is the Broncos. How about you?
I know they are a football team in the NFC south.
I'm not a huge fan of soccer but I do enjoy watching Mesut Ozil play the forward. Do you like soccer?
I like to watch football. My favorite sport is Basketball. How about you?
Yes, I think Alex Ferguson was a great coach.
Stephen R. Covey wrote this book, it is part of a series. Have you read it?
The Mists of Avalon is another book written by Stephen R. Covey. Have you read it?
Yes was also released in 1989 by Stephen R. Covey
thank you for the recommendation
I do! It was written by Guillermo del Toro and is a fantasy-action film. Do you like those type of movies?
Yes, I love Charlie and the Chocolate Factory! It is a family movie, have you seen it?
Yes, I will have to check it out. Did you know he is also a scientist?
He is a great actor, one of my favorite Pirates of the Caribbean movies is The Rum Diary
Yes, I do. It was written by Lawrence Hauben starring Scatman Crothers. It is a Crime Fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Manchurian Candidate directed by Milo Forman is a popular one. Have you seen that one?
He also directed A Fistful of Dollars, which is a Historical period drama.
Well, I would recommend The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. It is a very good read.
You're very welcome!
Yes, I know a little about her. Did you know she was born in Salinas CA?
It is a young-adult fiction novel. It was released in 2011. It is considered a Romance.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, I like him. He wrote Yellow Submarine with John Lennon.
Did you know that Tambourine was also a film producer?
Yes, he is also a member of the Velvet Underground.
I believe he plays for the Boston Celtics.
Yes, I think so too. Are you a fan of the NBA?
Yes, I believe he was from Australia.
The Island was directed by Roberto Orci. Do you like his work?
Sure, have you seen Transformers? It stars Robert Downey Jr. as well as X-Men.
It's a good movie. It was written by Tom Hanks and Jennifer Lawrence.
Glad to be of help
I like him in the action film Harsh Times. What is your favorite movie of his?
I haven't seen it, but I heard it was good.
The film is based on a true story and was directed by Christopher Nolan.
You're welcome.
Yes, it was written by Rick Riordan and is a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy?
It was written by Frank Beddor, would you like to know more about this book?
you are welcome
He's a professional footballer who plays as forward for Manchester United F.C. and he is a forward
Yes, the Argentina national football team is coached by lionel messi and was coached by lionel messi
I like the Dallas Cowboys, they are my team!
Sure, Sean Barrett wrote Xenocide. Are you a fan of speculative fiction?
yes, it was in English.
Are you interested in any other books by him?
thank you
I am not a huge basketball fan but I do know that they are owned by Leslie Alexander. Are you a fan?
I like basketball and baseball. What about you?
I have never heard of them. I do know that they play in Oklahoma City and they are a good team though.
I see he wrote Candide.
I do not have that information at my finger tips but I can tell you he is also a musician.
I highly recommend The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson. The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson is a similar one.
You're welcome!
Sure, Winnie thePooh was written by John Steinbeck. Would you like to know more about this?
Sure! Other books in the series are When We Were Very Young, and The Tao of Pooh. Have you read those?
You're very welcome.
I do not know much about him except that he's a soccer player right?
Yes, Colleen Rooney is from Liverpool. Are you a fan?
Thats where he plays for Manchester United F.C.?
They have a coach named Jose Mourinho.
Real Madrid C.F. is coached by Fernando Hierro. Are you familiar with his?
UEFA Champions League is a great sport. Do you like any other sports?
Are you interested in books by the same author, Veronica Roth?
You might like The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor, or The Golden Compass.
No problem, I am happy to help.
Pulp Fiction would be considered a Thriller.
John Travolta was also in Zombieland. Are you familiar with that one?
Bringing it up.
Yes, Carlos Ruiz Zafón is a Mexican professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Barcelona and the Colombia national team is the Manchester United F.C.
Is it the genre of children's literature?
No, I'm sorry. I don't have any information on him.
I'm not sure, but it was released in 2005.
The book was released in 2005 in Spanish.
No problem
Not really, I am actually more of a baseball fan. My favorite team is the Dodgers though. How about you?
They actually have a good season, not too bad. They're the runner-up in the 1986 World Series - just like the 1986 World Series.
No, I'm sorry. I do not have that information.
I know they are a team in the AFC South - a tough division
Yes, he is a good quarterback. My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks though. Do you like him?
I don't have a favorite player, who is yours?
Sure, it was written by Saulius Dagys. It's a Non-fiction novel released in 1997.
Yes I do. She wrote The Pillars of the Earth which is a Speculative Fiction. Have you read it?
Yes, she wrote Trace. Are you a fan of speculative fiction?
Oh my gosh, that's a great movie. I haven't seen it yet I will check it out.
Yes, he is! Do you like that book?
It was released in 1891 and Influenced by Thomas Hardy. Do you like Thomas Hardy?
It was released in 1891, the same year as The Picture of Dorian Gray: in 1891.
The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-Believer was released in 1891 and was written in 1891.
It was released in 1891, the same year as The Return of the Native was released.
He was in Animal Kingdom: Let's go Ape.
It also stars Nicole Kidman and Daryl Sabara.
You're welcome.
Les visiteurs and Amelie are good ones. Have you seen these?
Frances Conroy also stars in Les visiteurs. Do you like his work?
Yes, I believe it is a French film.
Sure, I hope you enjoy it!
He's a golfer. He won the 2012 PGA Championship.
No, I haven't. Isn't he from Northern Ireland?
Yes, he's from Northern Ireland too. I'm a big fan of speculative fiction. I like that genre, too.
Sure, Tron: Legacy is starring Tom Hanks and Tim Allen. Do you like this actor?
It is a sci-fi film.
I'm sorry, I unfortunately do not have the information on that.
Great, glad I could help!
District 9 was written by Terri Tatchell and Neill Blomkamp, and starred Sharlto Copley.
Are you a fan of Thrillers?
The Neon Demon stars Keanu Reeves and Jeffrey Jones. Are you a fan of either?
You got it!
I have never heard of her before but I know she starred in A Thousand Years and Lovestrong. Do you like her?
Yes, that's correct. Do you know of any other songs from her?
I have to say both of the songs and they make it more of a classic.
I'm not sure about that. I think it's new.
The Dragonfly in Amber was written by Diana Gabaldon. It's a young-adult fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Fiery Cross is a novel written by J. D. Salinger. It's also considered speculative fiction.
Sure! Other books by Edward Jones include; The Tree of Life, The Invisible Man, and The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
You're welcome!
Yes I can. He wrote The Hangover Part II which is a comedy. Do you like comedy?
Part II is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
I haven't seen Old School but I have seen it in a while. Is it a comedy?
Sure, Ivring plays for the Golden State Warriors. Do you like basketball?
Yes, it is a great movie written by James Dashner. Have you seen it?
I haven't read it but I have heard of it. It was a great romance novel.
Yes, she did. I hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome!
Benjamin Martinez wrote Il Principe.
He wrote the book in Spanish. Would you like to know more?
Would you like to know more about Benjamin Martinez?
There are so many. Please let me know if there is anything else I can do
Sure, Up was written by Pete Docter and is a comedy. It was released in 2010.
He has also written The Wreck-It Ralph. Are you interested in fantasy movies?
It is a drama. Would you like to know more about the movie?
I would also recommend Brave, it is a Sci-Fi movie.
You are very welcome!
Steve McQueen is one of their major players
Marc Anthony was the runner up
I don't know much about Hardaway but I know he was drafted by the Seattle Seahawks
Yes, Renaldo Balkman is a great player
The Gunslinger was written by Stephen King and released in 1982. Would you like to hear more titles from him?
It was released in 1960. It is a thriller. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
Do you like Fight Club because it's a Thriller?
It is a crime fiction film, similar to Robert Downey Jr.
I'm not sure about that, I do know Robert Downey Jr. is the producer of the film
The Cleveland Browns are a professional American football franchise based in Cleveland, California. The team is coached by Mike Pettine and owned by Randy Lerner.
I'm not a huge fan of the Texans but I do know they're coached by Gary Kubiak.
I'm not familiar with Randy Lerner. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan myself.
That's interesting. I was born in New York City and is a part of the National Football League.
He wrote 1Q84 Books 1-2. He researched Japanese studies.
He wrote Notes on a Scandal in New York City and also in The Rock
I do not have that information right now
I am not sure about that , but I can tell you he wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins
You are welcome
Sure, it was written by Saulius Dagys.
It's a Non-fiction book released in 2015
Sure, he also wrote Saulius Dagys.
Your welcome.
Sure, do you like it because it's a Sci-Fi movie?
Predators was written by John Scalzi and also stars William H Macy
Would you like me to add this to your watch list?
Insurgent was written by Veronica Roth and it was produced by Veronica Roth.
You are welcome!
I have never read the book but I know it was written by Billie Letts and is considered a satire.
Another drama book is The Honk and Holler Opening Soon.
He also wrote All My Sons, which is a drama.
You're welcome.
Nathan Lane starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen it?
That is correct. I haven't seen it either. It is a romantic comedy.
No, I am not sure who is in it, but the movie is directed by Sex's Hair.
I am not sure, but Cynthia Nixon was in Too Big to Run with Woody Harrelson.
I'm sorry, I do not have any information on his other films.
Sure, F. Murray Abraham wrote The Grand Budapest Hotel and The Grand Budapest Hotel.
Yes, Scarface also starred Ritchie Coster and Nicky Katt.
I cannot find a science fiction movie, but I do know it was written by Robert Zemeckis.
Well, the Avengers is starring Scarlett Johansson, Chris Hemsworth and Robert Downey Jr.. Do you like their movies?
Yes, it is science fiction. It was released in 2014.
No problem
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
I really like American Football. What's your favorite team?
My favorite NFL team is the Dallas Cowboys. Which is yours?
I don't really follow football much, but I do know that they are coached by John Fox. Are you a fan of them?
Did you know they won the Super Bowl XLVIII Championship?
Yes, the Patriots have won quite a few Super Bowls.
Yes I would. It was written by Ben Ripley and is speculative fiction. Do you like those genres?
If you like sci-fi, you might also enjoy Xenocide or Xenocide.
If you like sci-fi, you might also enjoy Xenocide.
You're welcome!
To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee I have read it and it's a fiction. Do you like fiction?
That's a good one. Then you'll like To Kill a Mockingbird by Robert Duvall. It was released in 1960.
I thought you would enjoy the next in the series called Go Set a Watchman. How about you?
You're welcome
They are a soccer team coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
The coach of the team is Louis van Gaal, do you like this sport?
I believe he also played for FC Bayern Munich II, but I don't know much about him.
Sure, One for the Money was written by Kirsten Dunst. Do you like Kirsten Dunst?
It was written by Meg Cabot. It was also made into a movie.
Yes, it was co-written by Stephenie Meyer
Yes, it is part of the series.
You are welcome.
Sure! Inside Out is a Thriller, starring Denzel Washington. Do you like Denzel Washington?
She also was in Wreck-It Ralph, which is a comedy.
It's a comedy. Would you like to watch it?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Great!
Well, he starred in I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With, which also starred Amy Sedaris. Do you like her movies?
Yes she did. She also starred in a TV show called The Longest Day.
She has been in a number of movies including The Women of Brewster Place and The Golden Compass.
Ron Howard wrote Angels & Demons and directed A Beautiful Mind. Do you like adventure films?
Well, Ron Howard directed The Mists of Avalon which was released in 2008.
Well, A Beautiful Mind was released that year. I haven't seen it.
Yeah, it was directed by Ridley Scott. Have you seen it?
Mr. & Mrs Smith is written by Simon Cowell and stars Brad Pitt. It is a Romantic Comedy do you like this genre?
Speaking of Brad Pitt, did you know that Angelina Jolie was in it?
Sure, Donnie Darko wrote The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus and the Infinite Sea.
Yes he did write the Box and it was released in 2000. The Box is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Yes, The Box is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure, The Golden Compass starring Ian McKellen is also a Fantasy film.
Enjoy your movie.
The Throne of Glass was written by Rick Yancey. Other books in the same genre are The Assassin and the Desert or The Assassin and the Desert.
Tower of Dawn is a fantasy and Queen of Shadows is the third book in the series.
I can recommend The Assassination of Jesse James by the same author.
That movie was written by Cassandra Clare, would you like recommendations of other movies by her?
It is a comedy/drama released in 2000. It also stars Tika Sumpter and Tom Hanks. Are you a fan of these actors?
You are very welcome!
Yes, Beatrice Sparks wrote Go Ask Alice.
It's a drama. Do you like drama?
Absolutely, I am happy to help.
The Proposal is starring Sandra Bullock. Do you like her movies?
If you like Sandra Bullock, you might also enjoy Catch-22. It's a thriller.
It's a biographical film. Do you like that kind of movie?
Your welcome enjoy
I haven't read the book but I heard it's a great book written by John Green. Do you like that author?
Sure, he wrote Will Grayson, The Fault in Our Stars, and Looking for Alaska. Have you read any of those?
It's an excellent book. Its genre is young adult fiction.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
If you like Outlander, you might also like The Land of the Unicorns or The Sparrow.
It was released in 1943.
It's a science fiction novel. Do you like science fiction?
Eleanor & Park is a great book by Rainbow Rowell. Are you interested in hearing abiout similar books?
Yes, she also wrote the book My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories.
Lola and the Boy Next Door is a Mystery
Your welcome.
Yes, he wrote Wreck It Ralph. Do you like animation films?
Yes, John C. O'Brien was also in it. He did write and directed the movie.
Wreck-it Ralph was written by John C. O'Brien, which is also a Disney film.
I do! She's a Danish tennis player. Are you a fan of hers?
I like Serena better than Venus. Would you like to know more about her?
I'm pretty sure it's a comedy. I haven't seen it but I've heard it's a great comedy.
Sure, he directed The Skulls. Have you seen that one?
Yes, some of the actors in the Watchmen include Scott Bakula and Jared Leto.
Yes, it is a comedy and also a thriller. Do you like that genre?
Sure, another movie you might like is The Mists of Avalon, which is also Science Fiction.
Yes she wrote The Sweet Far Thing, The Diviners and Demons of Grindelwald. Have you read those?
Then you'll like Gnomeo & Juliet written by Bray. Have you read that one?
Yes, it's part of the series. Then you'll like The Golden Compass and The Martian Chronicles.
Yes, I recommend The Golden Compass. It's a fantasy as well.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
Rebecca was written by Daphne du Maurie, in 1938.
It's a mystery. It's also written by Daphne du Maurier.
No, I do not. I'm sorry.
No problem. I am here for you.
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football franchise based in the Denver Broncos. They are the runner-up in Super Bowl XLIII.
Case Keenum was a former world No. 1 in singles, with the Denver Broncos. The team is the runner-up in Super Bowl XLVIII.
My data is only showing me their coach name. The team is coached by John Fox.
I like basketball too. The only sports I enjoy is Basketball.
He's a great player. He's a point guard too.
He's a soccer player from the Spain national football team. Do you like soccer?
I am not sure, I do know he is a midfielder and forward.
Yes, and it's home stadium in the United States.
Sure, Wrinkle in Time was written by Madeleine L'Engle and it's a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
It is also a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
I would recommend Xenocide or Wyrd Sisters. They are both science fiction books.
Yes it was written by Robert O'Brien. Is there anything else I can do for you?
I haven't heard of him since he composed the music for Bruno Mars. Are you a fan of his?
I like Lose Yourself which is my favorite song of his. What is yours?
I haven't heard that one yet, isn't he a good one?
Sure! He wrote The Phantom Tollbooth which was a great book!
It's a fantasy novel and was released in 1999, a while ago. The Phantom Tollbooth was released in 1994. It's fantasy.
You are welcome!
You're very welcome!
Well, he plays quarterback for the Carolina Panthers. Are you a football fan?
The Wildcats are a professional American football team based in Chicago, Illinois
Are you referring to Woody Harrelson?
Yes, Jean-Pierre Jeunet wrote Micmacs. He also wrote A Very Long Engagement which stared André Dussollier
I'm sorry, I do not have that information.
Zulu is starring Jean-Pierre Jeunet. It is also considered a thriller.
Enjoy!
Sure, it's written by Jay Asher and the genre is young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
He has also written The Future of Us.
No I haven't read them both, but they are very good.
That's also a great one, it was released in 2007.
It's a great book written by H.G. Wells, it was released in 1895.
Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility are also great reads by her.
It was actually released in 1817.
You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote George Clooney. Are you a fan of his?
Tilda Swinton was in White Oleander as well, which is a thriller as well.
The Red Violin was produced by Steven Spielberg and stars Udo Kier and Michelle Pfeiffer. The film is highly recommended!
Certainly, I hope you enjoy it!
