Sure, do you like action films?
Well, since you liked it, you might also enjoy X-Men 2 or World War Z.
Death Wish is a drama and action film. Do you like that genre?
Yes, The Hitman's Bodyguard is considered a action film and is also considered a Action film.
You are welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans which was released in 2000.
The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian is a good one. Have you heard of it?
The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian was released in 2012
You're welcome
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that movie. I know that Bobby Fischer starred in that movie.
She's been in quite a few films. She's been in a number of movies like There's Something About Mary, Rosemary's Baby, Wedding Belles, Annabelle Wallis and many
I don't know who else starred in that movie. Do you like science fiction movies?
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her books?
Sarah Dessen wrote What Happened to Goodbye which is also a good one. Have you read it?
no that is correct. what else can i do for you today?
you are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Don Cheadle starred in the drama Crash. Have you seen it?
It's a Crime Fiction. Do you like Crime Fictions?
Sure, Patton Oswalt, Don Cheadle, Don Cheadle and Don Cheadle. Have you seen any of these movies?
Enjoy!
Ravichandran Ashwin is an athlete, he plays Cricket and was born in Chennai
He is currently playing for the Manchester United team.
Well, I don't know any on the team but I know a few players on the Pakistan national team.
Mike Newell directed Zero Dark Thirty and Million Dollar Baby. Have you seen those?
Mike Newell wrote Pushing Tin. Pushing Tin was released in 1995.
No problem, enjoy!
No problem!
I think he is a great basketball player, but I don't really know much about him other than he is a professional basketball player.
No, I am not familiar with him. What sports do you like?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite?
I never heard of Dimitar Beratov. Who is your favorite player?
I'm more of a baseball fan. What sports do you enjoy?
Hot Fuzz is an action film directed by Roland Emmerich. Do you like action films?
Yes, you are correct. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
I don't have that information, but I do know that it is a Romance film.
No problem, enjoy the movie!
Frank Finlay starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, State of the Union, and many more. Have you seen any of those?
You might enjoy The Looking Glass Wars, Twisted Penelope Ann Miller, or The Other Boleyn Girl.
You are very welcome.
The Game is a science fiction thriller starring Harrison Ford. Do you like science fiction movies?
Yes, I like thrillers. You should watch Shark Night if you haven't seen that one.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Will do. Enjoy!
No problem. Enjoy!
Yes, he is great director. Have you seen the movie?
It was written by Meg Cabot. Would you like to know more?
Robert Duvall and Marlon Brando both starred in this movie.
Ok, would you like me to send it to you?
I believe it is a Horror film, would you like to know about other horror films?
You are welcome.
Sure, it was written by Thomas Christensen and released in 1989.
Glad I could help!
You're welcome!
William Directed The Hunted, The Exorcist, and The Hunted, to name a few.
The Hunted is a fantasy and The French Connection is starring Nicole Kidman. Do you like her movies?
The Devil and Father Amorth is a Crime Fiction Thriller starring Jennifer Aniston. Would you like to know more about it?
The Great Gatsby is a novel and The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is similar.
You might like V for Vendetta, or Wrath of the Titans.
The Surgeon was written byurgeon S. He also wrote The Swan Thieves. Have you read that one?
The clockwork princess was written by Cassandra Clare. Are you a fan?
She has. Cassandra Clare also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex.
Of course! Enjoy!
You're welcome!
Unforgiven is starring Kevin Costner and Jennifer Jason Leigh.
Morgan Freeman starred in The Wildest Dream and Toy Story.
Have you seen Blade Runner? It is Science Fiction.
Josh Hutcherson wrote The Hunger Games and The Kids Are All Right. Have you read either of these?
Yes, The Hunger Games Triology starred Jennifer Lawrence, Josh Hutcherson and Julia Roberts. Do you like them?
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yeah, I like Madonna. She starred in Who's That Girl.
I don't know much about RocknRolla, but I know she was born in Los Angeles, and plays the piano. Do you like her music?
I don't see anything on him, but I can recommend some of his movies as well.
I think Isn't he a cricket player?
Yes, he did. Have you watched Super Kings?
You are welcome! Enjoy!
Amy Poehler wrote Yes Please have you read this book?
what else can i do for you today?
Lorne Michaels starred in Mean Girls. what else can i do for you today?
Tina Fey has written The Wedding Planner. what else can i answer for you today?
Arsenal is a sports team. Do you like them?
No, I am not much of a baseball fan. What about the Dodgers do you like?
You're welcome. Have a good day.
Jonathan Levine directed Be Kind rewind starring Jane Adems. Do you like romance films?
It also stars Ethan Hawke and Oprah Winfrey. Do you like those actors?
Yes it was released in 2012. It also stars Anna Kendrick
Your welcome
Sure! He starred in Taken 2 and Taken 2. Have you seen those?
Taken 3 also starred Liam Neeson in Taken 3. Do you like Liam Neeson?
Yes, Taken 2 is starring Xander Berkeley and William Broyles.
Enjoy!
I am not a huge football fan but I do know that they are having a good season. They are not doing well this year.
I am not sure about that. I do know that Mike McCarthy coached the Oakland Raiders are having a good season.
I do not know of Aaron Rodgers.
Iron Man was a great movie. Do you like movies starring Robert Downey Jr.? He wrote Iron Man.
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in The Wolverine. Have you seen that movie?
Did you know Tate Donovan starred in The O.C., While You Were Sleeping? He also starred in it as well.
George Clooney is a great actor. He also wrote and starred in The Olympics.
You're welcome.
Do you like Odd Thomas because it is a speculative fiction book?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that author.
You got it! Jonathan Kellerman wrote A Good Day to Die Hard, which is a satire.
Treasure Island was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. He also wrote The Last Man, The Man in the High Castle, and The Man in the High Castle.
Have you heard of Xenocide or Wyrd Sisters?
No problem!
I think she's a great rapper. I think she is a great rapper. Do you like her music?
I don't know too much about music in the Dance Pop music but I do like Dance Pop. What songs do you like?
Not really a fan of the pop artist, but I do know that he is married to Natalie Portman
Of course, Something Borrowed is a romance novel, are you interested in romance novels?
Yes, and 2012 was the year that released The Last Summer (of you and me).
I like thrillers too! Emily Griffin also wrote Breaking Dawn. Have you read that one?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Judd Apatow wrote Knocked Up, The Skulls, and Knocked Up. Have you heard of any of those?
Groundhog Day was written and produced by Harold Ramis. Do you like Romance films?
I don't think so. I know he was in Groundhog Day.
That is true. Another one Judd Apatow film he directed is Night Watch. Have you seen that one?
Groundhog Day is a horror film starring Bill Murray and Kristen Stewart. It's a great comedy.
John Hughes wrote Groundhog Day and The Skulls.
You're welcome!
Isn't he a composer and song writer?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
yea i haven't listened to them
I like him too , he is a great singer
I'm not sure about Mary but I heard There's Something About Mary is a good book.
I haven't seen it but did you know Peter Farrelly wrote and starred in a few movies?
It is in the Romantic Comedy genre. You should check it out.
Mary Ann Shaffer wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
Both are considered children's literature. Do you like childrens books?
You're welcome.
Great! Have a great day!
George Orwell wrote it and released it in 1945. Have you read it?
Animal Farm is another great book that is also written by George Orwell.
Yes! She wrote The Temple of My Familiar. Have you read it?
Temple of My Familiar was a great book.
Temple of My Familiar is a war book
Your welcome
Did you like Oldboy because it was a comedy or because it was a thriller?
Have you seen A Good Day to Die Hard? It is a Korean movie.
Lady Vengeance is starring Kyla Pratt and Dustin Milligan.
I don't have any information for any other Thrillers, but Kim Yoo Jung also starred in The Day After Tomorrow as well.
You're welcome!
The Ice Storm is a good one, have you read it?
He wrote The Ice Storm, The Hunted, and The Skulls.
Sure, Woody Allen starred in X-Men: The Last Stand and The Incredible Hulk.
Zsa Zsa Zsa Zsa also starred in The Cat in the Hat.
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Jurassic Park is a great movie! It was written by Steven Spielberg.
Yes, there was! Jurassic Park III was a great movie!
Correct. Colin Tervorrow directed Jurassic World.
He is a great golfer. Do you like him?
I don't know much about him other than he does golf. Do you like him?
Haha, I love Adam Sandler movies. How funny was Adam Sandler in that movie?
Have you read Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth? It was written by J.R.R. Tolkien.
Have you read the Lord of the Rings series? It is an adventure book.
Yes, there are several. The Silmarillion is a fantasy, historical period drama.
Wes Craven wrote My Soul to Take and the Scream series. Have you seen them?
Great, I would suggest To Kill a Mockingbird, or The Manchurian Candidate, to name a few.
I'm glad I could help!
Sure! Jurassic Park is a great movie! It was directed by Steven Spielberg. He also directed The Lost World: Jurassic Park III.
You might enjoy the movie Curse of the Jade Scorpion or The Lost World: Jurassic Park III.
If you like X-Men you might like The Revenant, or The Lost World, which also stars Emma Stone.
Bob Peck starred in Jurassic Park III and Jurassic Park III.
Surviving Picasso was Born in Picasso. He also starred in X-Men: The Age of History, Revolting Rhymes.
Sure. He has starred in many great films. Surviving Picasso is a drama, do you want to know more about it?
The Little Prince is a drama and Thriller.
No problem! Have a great day.
I think he is a great quarterback and is married to Gisele
I didn't know he was in that movie as well. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You should watch it if you have time to watch it. It sounds like a great movie.
Die Hard with a Vengeance is a crime fiction ,but I haven't seen it
Me too! Have you seen it? It is also written by him. It also stars Rosario Dawson.
Yes he did. He also wrote Die Hard with a Vengeance with Bruce Willis.
I'm glad I could help!
Alien is written by Ronald Shusett, have you seen it?
Have you seen To Kill a Mockingbird? It's more of an Action/Comedy.
Bats was written by Virginia Woolf and stars Brad Pitt. It's considered a classic vampire movie.
You're welcome!
Sure! He directed The Terminator, The Man, and The Man in the High Castle. Have you seen any of those?
You might like World War Z, or Wrath of the Titans. Those are all sci-fi films.
Yes, he did. Saw III is a great movie.
I'll add that as well!
Alice Braga starred in The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus which is a horror film.
Repo Men was written by Anthony Hopkins.
He is a famous writer. He wrote The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus which is a thriller. Do you like that genre?
Brett Helquist wrote The Wide Window and The Slippery Slope. Have you read any of these?
The End is a fantasy novel and The Grim Grotto is more of a drama
Sure, it was released in 2001 and is a romance/fantasy book
Yes, I do. Did you know he was in a relationship with Cameron Diaz and Ben Stiller?
Yes he does, and also a musician.
No I haven't seen that one yet, is it an action film?
You got it! Enjoy!
Yes, I do. He starred in Windtalkers, Warrior, and Tumbleweeds just to name a few.
If you like Windtalkers, you might also like The Manchurian Candidate or The Manchurian Candidate.
Willie Garson and Ethan Hawke starred in Windtalkers.
Glad to be of help!
I don't know much about him other than he's a player
Not really, I am more of a football fan. What about you?
I have never heard of that! What is your blood pumping?
Harry Potter and the cursed Child was written by Dave Pelzer
Jack Thorne wrote the Harry Potter and the cursed Child, which is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
I'm not much of a football fan but I think they are doing well this season.
They're correct. I loved their game at the AFC North!
They're in the AFC West division right?
Sure! Eoin Colfer wrote The Phantom. It's a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Correct. 2008 was the year that released The Lady Elizabeth.
Yes, The Six Wives of Henry VIII was a great read.
I do, did you know that he is friends with Selena Gomez?
That's a good one. I like The Weeknd because he's Canadian. I think you should check out The Weeknd.
I heard he's a good rapper, but I don't know of any other songs from that genre.
You're welcome!
Sure, Kyla Pratt is a basketball player who plays point guard.
I really don't know much about them. I know they are part of the National Basketball Association.
I don't know much about the Warriors. I don't know much about it either.
Yes, Christopher Nolan wrote The Dark Knight Rises, The Dark Knight Rises, and many other Batman Begins.
He is a Russian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Real Madrid and the German national team.
Yes, рестуление и накаание is written in English.
Ok, but рестуление и накаание ление ление ление ление ление ление ление ление ление ление ление ление ление ление ление ление ление ление ление рестуление л
Glad to be of help
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books. The next in the series is The Oz Books, have you read them?
Have you heard of The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor? It's one of my favorites.
I would suggest The Golden Compass or The Dark Knight Rises.
Glad to help!
Yes, he is a midfielder for the Germany national football team.
He is a German footballer. He is married to Borussia Dortmund. He was born in Germany.
Yes, he is a famous athlete who plays Midfielder and forward.
Yes, I do. Did you know that Nicolas Cage starred in this movie?
Sure, A Corn of Thorns and Roses is a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy books?
Sarah J. Maas wrote a number of books called A Corn of Thorns and Roses, which is a Speculative fiction.
I would highly recommend The Assassin's Blade, if you liked Action or Adventure.
You're welcome!
Sure, James Cameron directed Avatar and Avatar.
That's right! It's in the romantic relationship with Avatar.
Titanic was released in 2007.
No problem!
Yes, I do. It was written by Gustave Flaubert. It was released in 1856.
You might also enjoy Lolita, it is in the Romance genre as well.
Yes, it is considered a Romance and Speculative Fiction.
She wrote The Hunger Games and Mockingjay. Have you read those?
I am not a huge tennis fan but I do know Venus has won a lot so I would agree.
Did you know he was born in Sao Paulo?
Haha. I haven't seen any of those movies as well.
Yes, Michelle Wie is a professional Golfer born in Honolulu.
Did you know Sam Horn is from Hawaii? He won that award.
Anything else I can help with?
Sure! She wrote One with You and One with You: What Alice Forgot, The One Plus One, and The One Plus One. Have you read any of these?
Reflected in You is a romantic novel. Do you like romantic novels?
Yes, Young Adult and Practical Demons may be a good one.
She wrote The Year of the Flood and The Robber Bride. Have you read those?
and                                                      .
You're welcome, enjoy!
It's a good read!
I do! He is an athlete that plays for the Uruguay national football team. Are you a fan?
The move Carlos has genre Thriller and is also starring Martha Higareda.
Yes, this movie was released in 2011. Have you seen the movie?
Well, Untamed: A House of Night is written by Doc Rivers.
Tahereh Mafi wrote . what else can i do for you?
Yes, 2014 was the year that released You Are Not So Smart.
The World of Ice and Fire was written in 2003 by Kate Kepnes. It's a Novel.
If you like Fantasy, you might also enjoy The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, Wally Lamb wrote The Hour I First Believed and The Hour I First Believed
It was released in 2016. Do you like Romance Novels?
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! Marc Forster directed Monsters, Inc, and Finding Neverland.
Finding Neverland is a romance and drama.
Kiefer Sutherland is one of the starring in Neverland.
It was released in 2001.
Will do.
No problem.
Yes I do he wrote A separate Peace which is a good novel. Do you like young adult fiction?
It is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Un Lun Dunn is a book similar to Un Lun Dun.
Your welcome
The Waves is a good one. Have you read it?
Jane Austen also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility.
Yes, Shadow of the Giant and Shadow puppets are similar ones.
She wrote Wuthering Heights, which is a novel.
Sure, The Giver was written by Lois Lowry, have you read it?
Cool, I can recommend The Giver by Lois Lowry. It is also young adult fiction.
You're welcome.
Did you like Fight Club because it was a Thriller or because it was a Thriller?
Sure, I can download Straw Dogs.
You are welcome.
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is a good one, have you seen that one?
Have you watched Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them? It is also by JK Rowling.
You're welcome!
Mindy Kaling wrote The Office of the Light, The Plains of Passage, and Lolita. Have you read any of those?
Sure, it is a Crime Fiction, and was released in 2011. Do you like Crime Fiction?
Sure, that's a good one, it's genre.
Happy to help!
He also wrote оскресение and оскресение.
Anna Karenina wrote аренина аренина аренина аренина аренина аренина аренина аренина аренина аренина аренина аренина аренина аренина аренина аренина аренина аренина аренина аренина
No problem. Have a great day.
Sure, Cathereine Hardwicke wrote The Thorn Birds and The Last Unicorn. Have you read either of those?
The main star in Red Riding Hood is Amanda Seyfried. Do you like her movies?
I don't have any information on other films she directed, but Serena Williams starred in that as well.
Yes, he is a soccer player from England. He plays the forward position.
I know a few facts about him including the Brazil national football team, Manchester United, who is also a football player.
Yes, he is. I don't know much about the other players.
I haven't seen it but I heard it's a good movie. I think he is a great actor. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was in the English Patient, have you seen it?
I liked Juliette Binoche in Why Did I Get Married Too. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Where'd You Go, Bernadette is written by Maria Semple.
Yes, Heart Huckabees is a great movie. Did you know Maria Semple starred in I Heart Huckabees?
Sure thing!
Sure! Lauren Kate wrote Passion and Rapture, which is a Romance Novel. Do you like Romance Novels?
Torment was released in 2011. It's considered a Romance Novel.
Sure thing! Enjoy!
Lewis Carroll starred in Cars 2. Did you know that he is also a musician?
Yes, Johnny Depp starred in The Hangover. Have you seen that one?
Well, if you like children's movies, you might also enjoy The Looking Glass by Frank Beddor.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Well, I'm glad I could help!
I have not either but I heard they are coached by David Platt. Do you like them?
Manchester United lost to Rafael Nadal. what else can i do for you?
You're welcome!
Lauren Oliver wrote X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Resident Evil: Apocalypse Now
You should read Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt. It's also a thriller
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on the genre for that.
You're welcome!
Sure! David Silverman directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen it?
The Simpsons movie was written by Terrence Malick.
Yes, they are the same type of television series.
You too!
He is a cricket player and plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders. Do you like him?
Not really a fan but I do catch a match from time to time. I'm more of a Redskins fan.
That's interesting. I didn't know he was an author as well.
Yes, that is a great movie starring Orlando Bloom and Billy Boyd. Do you like Fantasy movies?
Sure, he starred in The Good Doctor, Zulu, Wilde, Wilde and many more. Have you seen any of these?
Cool, enjoy the movie!
Yes I do. The Death Cure is a Young-adult fiction book written by James Dashner.
It was written by James Patterson, it is also a mystery novel.
If you like young adult fiction, you might like The Scorch Trials or The Maze Runner.
Nicola Kraus wrote The Nanny Diaries.
That was a good book. There were other great ones called Last Night at Chateau Marmont. Have you heard of it?
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like her books?
Yes, he was in a TV show called The Lord of the Rings, which is a really good show.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on a TV episode he was in.
Mike Starr wrote The Last Dragon, The Bodyguard, and The Black Dahlia. Have you read any of those?
Sure! Do you like Horror movies?
Have you seen Grindhouse or Death Proof? They are both great movies.
Death Proof starred Jamie Lee Curtis and Ethan Hawke. Do you like Crime movies?
Great, enjoy the movie!
Katy Perry is a great singer. I think she is a great singer and I really like her song Hot n Cold.
John Carpenter wrote Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13.
If you like Ernest Borgnine, he also starred in The Hunchback of Notre Dame.
Matt Damon and Laurence Fishburne were in that movie as well. Do you like them?
Sure, Orlando Bloom and Billy Boyd star in this movie. Do you like Fantasy movies?
Great, I think you will really enjoy it, it is a thriller he stars in.
Yes, that's a great movie! Did you know that Will Smith starred in What Planet Are You From?
I don't know much about her but I do know that she is a pro tennis player.
Yes, Serena is better than Venus. How about Serena, do you like her?
Oh wow. I didn't know that. What a title to watch?
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Colombia national football team.
Yes, he is currently playing for the Seattle Seahawks.
I do like American Football. What is your favorite team?
Home Alone was written by John Hughes and he also wrote The Breakfast Club. Have you seen it?
Home Alone was written by John Hughes and the sequels is The Son of Neptune. You might like that as well. It was released in 1981.
Sorry, I don't have that information.
No problem!
I don't really like him. I think he is a very good singer. Do you?
I didn't know he is in a relationship with Jordin Sparks. I like his song In My Head.
I haven't heard of it but I do like Demi Lovato. She has a lot of talent in her songs.
Did you like Shawshank Redemption because it was written by Stephen King?
He is great! He also starred in The Shining. Have you seen that movie?
You're welcome!
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland is a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy books?
Yes, Through the Looking-Glass is the similar book.
Yes, she wrote The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus.
Yes, I do. He starred in Deadpool and The Transporter Refueled.
Yes he was in The Transporter Refueled and Deadpool. Have you seen either of those?
It's a thriller, similar to Thrillers like City of Lost Souls and Crime Fiction.
Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt and Dustin Milligan.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
No problem.
Of course! Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade was released in 1987. Have you seen it?
How about raiders of the Lost Ark ? its a good one
How about raiders of the Lost Ark ? its a good one
Rohit Sharma is an athlete, he plays Cricket for the Mumbai Indians. Do you like Cricket?
Well, he plays Cricket for the Mumbai Indians.
I don't think so, but Rohit Sharma is from Nagpur.
Yes, he is a leader and he also played in Nagpur.
Sure, he wrote The Doors of Perception
The first one was published in 1895. Have you read it?
Yes, he did. It was released in 1954. I don't know what kind of music they play. Are you a fan?
Christopher Walton is the author of Atonement.
Christopher Hampton wrote The Prestige and The Suspense. Have you read either of those?
The movie is a crime fiction and suspense film. Do you like that genre?
Without Remorse is considered a thriller. It is also considered a thriller and a suspense film.
Great, enjoy the movie!
2012 was written by Roland Emmerich and Harald Kloser and directed by Roland Emmerich. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Science Fiction
Nicole Kidman starred in The Thirteenth Floor.
It was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
Did you like The Help because it was a Romance film?
Did you know that The Helper is also a Romance film?
Yes, he did. He also starred in X-Men: First Class.
Lady Gaga starred in The Muppets also a musical comedy.
I haven't seen it yet, but I've heard it's good. She has a good voice in that genre.
The Client was written by John Grisham. Are you familiar with his work?
The Client is a psychological thriller, do you like that genre?
The Client is starring John Grisham, who also starred in The Firm.
You're welcome.
He is a great football player. I think he is a great player
I don't know much about him but I know he plays as a striker
Soccer is a good sport and also a good one
Baseball in summer is great! Baseball is a great summer. Baseball is my favorite.
Baseball in the summer means Packer. Packer is a Packer fan.
I don't know much about them. Is they coached by David Platt and David Platt?
Who is your favorite soccer team?
They are in the same division as the Seattle Seahawks and the Seattle Seahawks.
Did you like the Time Traveler's Wife because it was a Romance novel?
Violets Are Blue is a mystery. Do you like mystery novels?
You are welcome.
You are welcome.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to know other books by her?
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen
The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York, Mariner was written by Virginia Woolf.
Well, The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York, Mariner was released in 1927.
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance?
You're welcome.
I think she wrote Call Me Maybe, did you know Call Me Maybe was released in 1969?
No, I didn't, but I did know Call Me Maybe was a comedy.
Oh yea that's a one of my favorite songs from her. What other bands do you like?
Yes, he wrote and directed The Terminator, which is a Thriller.
Nicholas Cage starred in The Others. If you like his movies, you might also like You, Me and Dupree.
You're welcome!
Well, he wrote Madame Bovary which is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
It's a romance novel, similar to Madame Bovary, are you a fan?
Yes, The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy is a good one.
He was a great author who wrote The Return of the Native by James Patterson.
Of course! He also wrote A Fistful of Dollars, which is a romance novel.
It's a romance novel, similar to Madame Bovary, which was released in 1856.
If you like that genre, you might also like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
Happy to help!
Tom Clancy starred in The Hunted, The Sum of All Fears, The Hunt for Red October, The Sum of All Fears, and The Hunt for Red October.
Yes, I do. He wrote The Secret Agent: A Simple Tale
I am not sure about that. But Joseph Conrad also wrote A Simple Tale.
I am not sure about that.
He wrote The Road and The Crossing.
Well, there is Nowhere Boy and There's a Wolverine to name a few.
Michael Palin is the author of this book.
That one was released in 1997.
Glad to help!
Jane Eyre is a novel written by Michael Mason. Do you like Romance novels?
He also wrote The Thousand Splendid Suns, The Thousand Summers, and The Thousand Summers. Have you heard of any of those?
No, I don't believe Jane Eyre is a satire but it looks like he was influenced by William Shakespeare.
Glad to help!
It was written by Malala Yousafzai
I don't have any other pieces of work by Paulo Coelho.
Veronika Decide Morrer is a speculative fiction and Maktub is a speculative fiction.
Yes, he was a writer, poet, and author.
Kyrie Irving is playing for the Boston Celtics.
I like sports. I am a fan. What is your favorite team?
Yes, the Lakers are a great team. Who do you root for?
O Alquimista was written by Alan R. Clarke and released in 1988. Have you read this book?
Paulo Coelho wrote The Alchemist which is in English. Also, The Other Boleyn Girl, The Cat in the Hat and The Other Boleyn Girl.
Of course, I hope you enjoy the book!
Sure! Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood was written by Rebecca Wells. She also wrote Little Altars Everywhere.
Rebecca Wells also wrote Little Altars Everywhere, which is a Novel.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! Kami Garcia wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Redemption. Have you read either of these yet?
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome.
Sarah J. Maas wrote Throne of Glass and The Assassin and the Desert. Have you read those?
Sarah J. Maas wrote Throne of Glass and the Assassin and the Underworld.
Glad to help!
You're welcome!
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like those genres?
Kodi also starred in Slow west with Ben Mendlesohn.
Yes, Dead Europe is a crime, thriller, crime, comedy, and action.
No problem!
Yes. Artificial Intelligence is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like either of those genres?
If you like Sci-Fi Dramas you should check out The Passage if you liked that one.
You are welcome have a great day
Sure, This is the End is a romantic comedy, do you like this genre?
It is a Psychological Thriller and Is there anything else I can answer?
Kate Beckinsale and Kate Beckinsale are in it as well.
Do you like Cold Mountain because it is a war film or because it is a war film?
He has also written Thirteen Moons and The Cold Mountain. Do you like those?
Thirteen Moons was released in 2009 and is a drama/fantasy film.
You're welcome.
I think they are a pretty good team but I don't like their coach Gary Kubiak. Do you like them?
He was in the movie What Happens in Vegas. Did you know that he was also a producer?
Oh ok, Zach Galifianakis was a reality show as well. Do you like reality shows?
Bruce Almighty was written and directed by Steve Oedekerk, who also directed Ace Ventura which was also directed by Steve Oedekerk
It was released in 2008 and starred Steve Carell as the lead. It was directed by David Oyelowo.
It is a war film, with a bit of drama.
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Kids Are All Right, and The Kids Are All Right. Have you seen any of these movies?
Yes, it's a romantic comedy. Have you seen it?
She starred in The Kids Are All Right and also in The Kids Are All Right.
Game Change is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Yes, do you like Pulp Fiction because it is written by Quentin Tarantino?
He also wrote Grindhouse and The Other Boleyn Girl.
You are welcome.
No problem!
Sure, Tina Fey wrote The Old Curiosity Shop, The Old Curiosity Shop, The Old Curiosity Shop, The Old Curiosity Shop, and The Kitchen God. Have you read any of these?
Yes, he was in The Kite Runner.
Sure, Tate worked on The Help, starring Bryce Dallas Howard and Ahna O'Relilly. Have you seen it?
Cicely Tyson also starred in Help and Get on Up. Have you seen either of these films?
That's right! She was in The Women of Brewster Place with Oprah Winfrey.
No problem! Enjoy!
Inception is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Dark Knight was directed by Christopher Nolan
Sure! Are you familiar with Star Wars, starring Carrie Fisher? He was in that.
Indiana Jones is starring Shia LaBeouf, Emily Watson and George Lucas. Are you a fan?
Harrison Ford also starred in the Star Wars Holiday Special. Do you like Drama movies?
The Paris Wife is a fiction novel and it was written by Paula McLain. Do you like her?
She has also written Circling the Sun, The Pairs Wife, and Circling the Sun. Have you read any of these?
It's about Paris Wife, which is the first in a series of books that combine young adult fiction, drama, and romance.
I'm not sure, but it's a fiction novel, like Wuthering Heights.
You're welcome!
Sure! Lea Thompson starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wildest Dream. Do those sound interesting?
He has a genre of Drama and Comedy. Have you seen any of these movies?
You should watch Back to the Future Part II if you haven't seen it already.
He also wrote Back to the Future Part II, which is a great movie!
I think you will really enjoy Clear and Present Danger as well.
Yes, it was written by Francis Ford Coppola and starred Keanu Reeves.
I think she starred in Apocalypto, as well as The Godfather.
Yes, and II was directed by Francis Ford Coppola.
Gustave Flaubert wrote The Silence of the Lambs, which is a Psychological Thriller. Do you like that genre?
He also wrote Untamed: A House of Night. Have you read that one?
Yes, it's a romance novel that was written in 2004 by Gustave Flaubert. Do you like romance novels?
Of course! Other romance novels you might enjoy are; Where Rainbows End, Wide Sargasso Sea, and Underworld.
Stieg Larsson wrote Män som hatar kvinnor
Sure. She wrote Graceling, Fire, Bitterblue. Have you read any of these?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
She was also in The Last Tempted Rabbit. Have you seen that one?
Sure, there are a few that come to mind, as well as Speculative Fiction and Children's Literature as well.
The Giver is written by Lois Lowry, who also wrote The Giver.
I think he's a good qb. Did you know he won the 2010 PGA Championship?
I'm a fan of Aaron Rodgers, isn't he on the Green Bay Packers right?
Yeah, I've been to the Seattle Seahawks and the San Francisco 49ers. That's a great team.
Haha, I'll have to check that out. Thanks!
Yes, The Lost Hero is written by Richelle Mead. Do you like her books or genres?
The Lost Hero is a Romance novel
Yes he wrote The Titan's Curse
You are welcome
Dan Scanlon wrote Monsters University, what else can i do for you today
Woody Harrelson and Steve Buscemi also starred in Monsters University. It is a Sci-Fi/Action movie. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, he wrote The Other Boleyn Girl and The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you read either of those?
The Prince is a Romance and Drama.
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People is a self help book.
Yes, he wrote Desperado. Are you a fan?
Yes, but not much of a pop music fan.
Have a great day ! I like his music in general, how about you?
In Cold Blood was written by Truman Capote, who also wrote Murder by Death
Have you read Utterly Cold Blooded? It is also a crime fiction.
No problem! You are welcome. Enjoy!
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is a graphic novel. Do you like graphic novels?
Well, it's about a man who meets a woman and falls into a woman. It's about a woman.
It's written by William Shakespeare and co-written by Harold Ramis and Marlon Brando and is considered fiction.
I love her! My favorite song of hers is What About You. Have you heard it?
I am not a huge fan of her music, isn't she in any movies as well?
I like Shakira, too. I like her song Give Your Heart a Break.
She starred in The Princess Diaries. Have you seen that movie?
White Squall is starring Rip Torn, Jeff Bridges and Jason Marsden. Do you like those actors?
Well, Coming of Age is a fiction film. Do you like fiction?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
You as well!
Charles Dickens wrote Oliver Twist, The Old Curiosity Shop, The Old Curiosity Shop, Oliver Twist to name a few. Have you read any of these?
Sure! Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club was released in 1981. It was written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
I don't have any information on that, but I can tell you that he has many books.
Enjoy!
John Grogan wrote Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog. Did you know it was also a movie?
Yes, he also starred in Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog. Have you seen that one?
Sure, Scream is a horror movie. Do you like Horror movies? Scream is in the genre.
Yes, Red Eye is a horror movie. Do you like horror movies?
It is a crime drama, directed by Wes Craven. Do you like Johnny Depp? He was also in The Rum Diary.
Sylvester Stallone directed The Expendables.
Yes, he was. Randy Couture starred in The Experiment.
Robert De Niro, Jack Nicholson, and Liam Neeson were in Redbelt.
It was written by Cassandra Clare and released 2014. Have you read The Son of No One?
The genre for the book is Fantasy. Do you like Fantasy books?
Well, If you like young-adult fiction, you might also like The Looking Glass Wars and The Golden Compass. Have you heard of either of these?
Do you like Pulp Fiction because it is written by Quentin Tarantino, or because it is starring Samuel L. Jackson?
Royal Kill is starring Xander Berkeley and Gwyneth Paltrow.
I don't know much about him other than he's a good Table Tennis player. Are you a fan?
Did you know that he is also a table tennis player?
I don't really know much about him other than he is a table tennis player.
What other sports do you like?
Bobby Farrelly wrote the movie Stuck on You
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I don't know who else stars in that movie. Do you like Justin Timberlake? He was also in it as well.
Rob Cohen directed The Skulls. He also directed The Fast and the Furious
I am not sure who else starred in The Skulls but I can tell you that it is a drama film.
No problem.
Yes, they are a German football club based in Munich. Do you like soccer?
It's soccer. Do you like soccer?
Yes he was
I don't know much about him other than he's a singer. Do you like him?
Oh yeah, he plays for the Mumbai Indians.
Million Dollar Baby was directed by him. He also starred in it.
Tommy Lee Jones is in Million Dollar Baby. He was also in The Mask, which was a comedy
Glad to be of help
He wrote The Lives of Others I which stars Martina Gedeck and Sebastian Koch. Do you like either one of those actors?
The Tourist is a drama film starring Ulrich Thomsen and Sebastian Koch.
Nicolas Cage starred in The Tourist. If you want to know more about movie, also check out The Tourist.
I am not sure about that. I know it was released in 2002.
The film was written by Orson Scott Card. It was released in 2003.
I hope you enjoy it!
I think coaches them all the time. Who is your favorite coach?
Did you know he won the NBA Most Valuable Player Award?
Oh wow. I didn't know that Davis was in that movie too?
Jane Eyre wrote Villette, The Professor, and Lady Susan. Have you read any of those?
No i don't know of any other romance novels by him.
Have you read The Time Machine by H.G. Wells?
Yes, he is a great basketball player. Do you like him?
Football, baseball, and soccer. What about you?
I never heard of that. What sports do you like?
John Boyne wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read it?
The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas is a tragicomedy.
You are welcome.
Sure! It was written by James Frey. Do you like Speculative fiction?
Sure, A Million Little Pieces was written by James Frey and has genre Speculative fiction.
Sorry, I don't have any information on that.
Richard Andrews wrote The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark.
Yes. 1600 was also the year that released The Winter's tale
Yes. Shakespear's Tale is a series. Do you like that genre?
Sure. Added to your list
Yes, he is a midfielder on the Germany national football team.
Yes, Thomas Muller is also a midfielder and plays as a midfielder.
Not really a fan but I do enjoy watching Mesut Ozil run around.
Isn't he a tennis player?
Basel is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Isn't she a singer/songwriter?
No, I didn't. I know she starred in Call Me Maybe.
Oh wow. That's a good one as well.
Do you like jaws because it is written by Steven Spielberg, or because it is a horror movie?
Yes, he also starred in Jaws 2 as well.
You're welcome!
Sure! She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie
Amelie is written by French Marlon Brando
Amelie is a romantic comedy. Do you like romance?
Robert Cohen starred in Then Came You, which is a thriller.
The skulls is genre Romance
It was released in 1999 and stars Denzel Washington. Do you like Denzel Washington?
Well, Craig T. Nelson starred in World Without End, which is a Psychological Thriller.
Leslie Bibb has also starred in Winnie-the-Pooh and The Wildest Dream.
You're welcome.
Yes, the team is coached by Lovie Smith and Greg Schiano
Not really a football fan but I do like the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
I like the Denver Broncos. I've been a fan since they were runner-up in super bowl XLVIII.
I love Linkin Park, especially the song Waiting to Exhale. Do you like them?
Somewhere I Belong is a romantic novel. Do you like that genre?
I have heard of some of them and I like alternative rock. What genres do they sound?
Yes, I am a fan. The Philadelphia Eagles is a great team. What about you?
Oh yeah, they did win that. Who was their coach now?
I like the Patriots, but I'm a Patriots fan. Do you like the Patriots?
In Cold Blood was written by Truman Capote, who also wrote Murder by Death
Then you might like Utterly Cold Blood by Truman Capote, or Water for Elephants.
Yes, it was based on a true story.
Sure, it is starring Tom Skerritt and Seth MacFarlane who also starred in Wolf Brother
Yes, he stars in that as well. Another similar movie is Wrath of the Titans.
Have you seen You've Got Mail? It is a good one.
I don't know much about them either. I know they are owned by Jay-Z and owned by Jay-Z.
Not really a fan of basketball but I have watched a few games like Space Jam.
Not really a sports fan but if you like to watch the Eastern Conference, the Barclays is a great sport to follow.
Yes, I love that movie. It was written by Mark Wahlberg and stars Tom Cruise. Have you seen it?
She starred in Mila Kunis. She was also in The Wedding Date. Have you seen that movie?
Ted starred Sylvester Stallone and Jamie Fox. You should check it out!
Glad to be of service!
Sure! Nathan Lane has starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton, The Missing, and The Giver. Have you seen any of these?
Yes, Robin was also in The Birdcage. Do you like drama films?
No, I don't remember when it was released.
Yes, I really like it. I think it is a great movie. Did you know that Orlando Bloom starred in it?
He was also in The Good Doctor. It's a thriller.
If you like thrillers, you should check out Shark Night. It's a thriller.
Do you like X-Men Origins because it is a science fiction movie or because it is science fiction?
Sure, he also starred in Wolverine, The Proposal and The Wolverine. Have you seen any of those?
I am not sure who else star in Waiting, but I know he is a star in X-Men Origins.
No problem, enjoy!
Sure, do you like it because it is a crime movie or because it is a family movie?
Of course! Matt Damon also starred in The People Speak, Push, Nevada. Push, and Inside Job.
Of course! He was in The People Speak, which is a thriller.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Boyhood is directed by Leo Tolstoy.
He also directed Apocalypse Now, which is a drama. Have you seen that one?
Confused was released in 1994 and starred Mindy Kaling. Have you seen this movie?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, I can tell you that he wrote and directed The King Kong. Did you know that he also starred in The Dark Knight?
It is categorized as a Drama, Comedy, and Drama. Do you like that genre?
Sure, you might like World War Z, or Wrath of the Titans.
Yes, it was released in 2005 and stars Naomi Watts.
They are a sports team. Do you like them because of their coach Tom Benson?
They're pretty good. Do you have a favorite football team?
Ahh wow. That was a great time for them.
Evan Goldberg directed The Interview
The Interview starred Seth Rogen, James Franco, and James Franco.
Yes, Channing Tatum starred in The End as well as Mindy Kaling.
You might also like White House Down, which is a romance film.
The Vow also starred Mindy Kaling and Mindy Kaling.
You are welcome!
Sure! Red Dragon is a Psychological thriller that is similar to The Silence of the Lambs.
Ralph Fiennes also starred in wrath of the Titans and wrath of the Titans.
You're welcome
Schindlers list is a thriller, so you might like Wrath of the Titans which is also a thriller.
Yes, The Lion King is one of my favorite movies.
Have you heard of The Lion King, which is a fantasy?
You're welcome.
Yes, The movie written by Vince Gilligan, starring Will Smith.
Will Smith also starred in The Pursuit of Happiness and Unbreakable.
Shia LaBeouf is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Sure, Now Playing.
Isn't he a soccer midfielder?
Fabio Capello is also a midfielder. Do you know anything about him?
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Yes, that's a great suggestion. What genre are you looking for?
I like contemporary R & B but I like contemporary R & B.
They are from South Korea and they have a boy band named Seth Green, who is also from South Korea.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Sure, Jason Flemyng starred in Wild Bill, Welcome to the Punch, The Social Network, The Social Network, and many more. Do you have a certain genre in mind?
Tom Hanks and Tim Allen starred in Welcome to the Punch.
No problem, enjoy the movie!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Marion Wiesel wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign, which is a horror novel. Do you like horror?
Un di Velt Hot Geshvign is a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Glad to be of help!
Do you like Hellboy because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Hugh Jackman starred in Wolverine. If you like Sci-Fi movies you might also like X-Men: First Class.
You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote El palacio de mis putas tristes.
I don't know what movies he has done but if you like comedy, he is also a teacher, a musician, a musician, a musician, and a musician.
No, I don't know much about his films, but I know that Ziggy Marley starred in a number of movies as well.
Well, he was a great actor. Some of the most well-known actors in that time include Paulo Coelho and Jennifer Esposito.
She starred in The Two Princesses of Bamarre and The Two Princesses of Bamarre. Have you seen them?
The Six Wives of Henry Lefay is a war film.
Yes, she starred in The Six Wives of Henry Lefay and Terminator 2: Judgement Day.
Yes. Steven D. Levitt wrote SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling, Patriotic Prostitutes, and Why Suicide Bombers Should Buy Life Insurance.
Awesome! Did you know that Stephen J. Dubner also wrote SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling?
I have not read any of his books, but I know he was influenced by Steven D. Levitt.
If you like Stephen J. Dubner and Stephen J. Dubner you should check out Out of the Dust!
Edgar Wright wrote The Stand, The War of the Worlds, and The Stand. Have you heard of any of these?
Yes, it is. Do you like science fiction movies?
Yes, if you like action films you will definitely check out The World's End.
Coldplay is a band! Do you like their music?
Coldplay is a comedy and drama
Yes, I can tell you that this is the only one that I have at this time.
Laini Taylor wrote Dreams of Gods and Monsters, Inc.
Yes, Dreams of Gods & Monsters was released in 2014 and is in English.
I believe it was released in 2014. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
You're very welcome!
Yes he is! He's a great player. I think he's from Oakland.
Oh wow. I didn't know that. Who is your favorite player?
I have starred in Hook Ya Crook. Have you seen that?
Yes, he starred in Grindhouse and The Other Boleyn Girl.
Zombie wrote and directed it. Do you like action films?
Sure, some movies that you may enjoy are Zombie's Tale, Where the Wild Things Are., and Water for Elephants.
Do you like Big Fish because it is a comedy?
Kenny Ortega was in Woman in Gold, Woman in Gold, Woman in Gold, Woman in Love and many more. What kind of movie do you like?
Yes, have you seen Beautiful Creatures or Annie Hall?
Absolutely, have a great day
Sure! Phil LaMarr starred in The Dark Knight Rises, The Lion King, and The Wildest Dream. Have you seen any of those?
Sure, Zambezia has a genre of Thriller, Drama, and Comedy. Do you like those genres?
It is a romantic comedy, do you like this genre?
Great, Have a great day!
The Brooklyn Nets is a basketball team. The Nets are a basketball team. Do you like basketball?
Yeah, that's a great movie. Did you know Glenn Morshower starred in it?
If you like action movies you should check out The Expendables if you like action movies.
It is an action movie he also starred in. Do you like action movies?
PS, I Love You was written by Cecelia Ahern and it is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Do you like Voyager because it is a romantic novel?
Yes, it is a Romance novel, similar to Voyager.
Glad to be of help
I know she is a player in the Mumbai Indians. I think she is married to Shoaib Malik.
Not really, but I know Serena Williams is in the London Olympics.
I did not know she was in that movie as well. I hope they have a better season!
Al Pacino starred in Looking for Richard
Both are comedy/drama movies.
Yes, he starred in Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt and Dustin Milligan.
Well, Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
Yes. It was written by E.B. White and is a satire.
She also wrote Donnie Darko which is a satire and was released in 2011.
No problem!
Yes, she is a singer and a song writer.
I don't know of any of her songs. However, I do know that she is from Philadelphia, PA.
I'm not sure about that. I know it was released in 2010.
You are welcome.
I do! He starred in a few movies including Unstoppable and The Fountainhead. Have you seen those?
If you like crime fiction movies you should check out The Bourne Ultimatum. It is a thriller.
No. Mark Boal also starred in The Bourne Supremacy.
Great, enjoy the movie!
Sure. He starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys.
Unaccompanied Minors is a comedy/drama that was released in 2011.
Sure, How about Toy Story or Wildwood Dancing? They're both hilarious.
Sure. Unaccompanied Minors is added to your watch list.
Will do. Enjoy!
Yes, he wrote Water for Elephants and The Green Hornet. Have you read those?
It's about a family who runs a ranch and falls in love with a little bit of romance.
He was great in that! I think you'll enjoy it!
Yes, it was written and directed by Leo Tolstoy and starred Scarlett Johansson and Robert Duvall.
Yes, he was. Leo Tolstoy also wrote The Big Leo Tolstoy.
Yes, he also starred in A League of Extraordinary Gentlemen which is a Science Fiction film.
You're welcome.
Breaking Dawn is part of the Twilight Series. Have you read that?
Yes, she wrote The Chemist, The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner, and The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner.
You are welcome.
Yes, The Social Network stars Justin Timberlake and Steve Carell. Do you like either of these actors?
Justin Timberlake starred in The Social Network. Do you like Biographical films?
Rashida Jones starred in The Social Network. She also starred in The Big Year if you are interested
Happy to help
Sure, Jeremy Tambling is an author who wrote David Copperfield.
He wrote The Devil Wears Prada. It's a very good book.
Have you heard of A Midsummer Night's Dream? It's similar to Romeo and Juliet.
John Carpenter directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13.
It stars John Carpenter and is considered science fiction. Do you like science fiction movies?
Yes, she starred in that one as well. You should check it out!
Escape from New York is a science fiction film.
Sure, do you like Fantasy books or books by J.R.R. Tolkien?
Richelle Mead wrote Women in Love
He wrote Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers and The Silver Chair.
The Matrix was written and directed by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
The Matrix was written and directed by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
Tom Hardy, Christopher Nolan, Christopher Nolan
A Wrinkle in Time is a science fiction book written by Madeleine L'Engle. Do you like science fiction books or young adult fiction books?
You might enjoy the Witch of Blackbird Pond by Elizabeth George Speare or the Wildwood Dancing.
Yes, The Chocolate War was written by Melissa Marr. It's more of a Science Fiction Novel.
You might enjoy the Witch of Blackbird Pond by Elizabeth George Speare, or the Witches Abroad.
Dexter in the Dark was released in 1981. It's considered a Fantasy.
You are welcome.
Ayush Mahesh Khedkar starred in Slumdog Millionaire.
Slumdog Millionaire is a romance film. Do you like romance films?
It was released in 1997.
You're welcome.
Aidan Turner wrote The Hobbit: The Graphic Novel and The Hobbit: The Graphic Novel.
Aidan Turner starred in The Hobbit. Would you like to know more about it?
Fantasy. Do you like Fantasy?
The Looking Glass Wars is a great one.
Chris Weir directed the movie.
Did you like The BFG because it was written by Roald Dahl?
Zoe's Tale and Z for Zachariah are Speculative fiction.
No, The Last Colony is Speculative fiction but if you like children's literature you might enjoy The Handmaid's Tale or The Giver.
The only information I have on The Goldfinch is related to a novel released in 2013. The film has not yet been released.
Yes, she has won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.
Yes she did. She also wrote The Secret History
Yes, from the United States of America.
You're welcome.
Me Before You was written by Jojo Moyes. The genre is Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Ship of Brides is also a film, have you seen it?
Hope you enjoy!
Yes, John Green wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
He also wrote Paper towns. Did you know that John Green also wrote Looking for Alaska?
I'm sorry, I don't have information on that. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Great Gatsby. Have you read those?
I would recommend The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars. Both are excellent books.
You are welcome!
Sure! He wrote The Incredibles, which is a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Do you like The Goon because it is a fantasy movie or because it is a fantasy movie?
Black Hat is a fantasy, he also starred in No Country for Old Men and The Other Boleyn Girl
You are welcome
Pan's Labyrinth was written by Guillermo del Toro
Yes, there is a movie in which Alex Angulo is a Thriller.
I'm sorry, I don't have the information for that movie.
Have you seen the movie X-Men? It is also in the Fantasy genre.
I'm glad I could help!
Yes, Pat Conroy wrote The Water is Wide, The Prince of Tides and The Prince of Tides.
Yes he did. That was a great movie.
Correct. Michael York also wrote a book called The Last Vampire Chronicles.
Yes, he is a great writer. He wrote ,  and .
I haven't seen it but I heard it was a good film. Do you like Fantasy?
I do. I liked The Godfather Part II.
Robert Duvall also starred in The Apostle.
Sean Penn wrote the book Into the Wild.
Yes, Into the Wild was directed by Sean Penn. Sean Penn also wrote The Pledge which was a drama.
I highly recommend The Pledge if you haven't seen it already. It is an action adventure film.
Me too! Have you seen Mrs. Doubtfire? It's hilarious!
Tom Hooper directed The King's Speech, The Damned United, and Les Miserables.
Sure, you might like The Invisible Man, or The Book of Mormon.
Have a great day!
I think he is a great artist, I really like his song Marry You. What about you?
I don't know much about her other music, but I heard he was great in Princess Protection Program and Camp Rock.
I have never heard of that song. What songs do you listen to?
I agree! I'm always happy to help!
FC Bayern Munich is a soccer team coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
The coach is Lousi van Gall but thats really all I know.
They won the 2005 UEFA Champions League Final?
The thriller, The Scorch Trials, The Scorch Trials, The Scorch Trials, The Scorch Trials and The Scorch Trials.
Stephen King is the author. Do you like him?
You're welcome
Sure! She wrote The God of Small Things, The God of Small Things, and The God of Small Things. Have you read any of those?
It's a drama, do you like those genres?
Yes,It was adapted into a movie starring Kristen Stewart
You are welcome.
That was written by Sue Monk Kidd and is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
Its a speculative fiction written by Sue Monk Kidd and is in the genre of Speculative Fiction
i do not have information on the book but i know it was adapted into a film
Nina Auerbach wrote Dracula. Do you like female authors?
Nina Auerbach wrote The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus which has a similar book
Well, there are a few authors similar to Nina Auerbach.
You're welcome.
Yes, that movie is written by J.R.R. Tolkien
I'm sorry I don't have any information on that.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
I think they are a great team, I really like their coach Gary Kubiak. Do you like them?
Not really a fan but I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. What about you?
Yeah, he owns the Seattle Seahawks which is owned by Jerry Jones.
Julian Glover starred in Vatel. Have you seen that?
Me too! Emily Watson and Frank Welker were in it as well.
I'm not sure of the release date. It was released in 1974.
Sure! Wuthering Heights was written by Emily Bronte and released in 1847. It's a historical period drama/fantasy.
Pearl S. Buck wrote The Good Earth, which is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
I don't have that information. However, I do know that it is also a romance novel. Do you like romance?
If you like Historical period dramas, you might also like The Waves.
Enjoy!
Are you referring to Maria Sharapova who lost to Serena Williams?
I know she starred in a lot of movies. She also starred in Wrath of the Titans and Unknown.
What is your favorite team? I watch it when it's the World Cup.
Didn't he also play for the Mumbai Indians?
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
He also wrote Como agua para chocolate.
You are welcome. Goodbye.
Great, enjoy!
Sure, do you like Fantasy or Adventure movies?
Yes X-Men 2 is written by Zak Penn
Incident at Loch Ness was released in 2003
Glad to help
Crazy, Stupid Love was written by Dan Fogelman who also wrote and directed Crazy, Stupid Love.
Well, if you like romance films, you might also like Crazy, Stupid Love. It's also in the romance genre.
You are welcome. Have a great day!
Sure! He wrote Cycle of the Werewolf, The Stand, The Stand, and The Stand. Have you read any of those?
I'm sorry I don't have any information on that.
The Dead Zone is Science Fiction and Psychological Thriller
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
Forrest Gump starring Tom Hanks was a great movie
Tom Hanks also starred in The Post which is a romantic comedy
Hmm, I don't have any information on those movies, but Larry Crowne is a Romance film that starred Tom Hanks.
Great, have a great day!
Okay, no problem!
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets written by J.K. Rowling?
I can't find any information on that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
It stars Keanu Reeves and Jeanne DuPrau. It is also a thriller.
I am more of a Steelers fan but Pete Carroll is a good coach. Do you like them?
Have you seen the Seattle Seahawks game? It's a blast!
I have never heard of the stadium if it is.
Stargirl was written by Jerry Spinelli, who also wrote Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and When You Reach Me.
I recommend Wildwood Dancing and When You Reach Me. They are both young-adult fiction.
Of course! Wicked Lovely is a young-adult fiction. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't really know much about him other than he has won a lot of awards.
That's right. Did you know he won the No. 1 in singles?
I like Federer more than Rafael Nadal. How about you?
Sure! Mary Grandpre wrote The Shadows, which is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
The Half-Blood Prince is by J.K. Rowlings.
Sure, What Alice Forgot was written by Liane Moriarty and released in 2009. Are you familiar with her work?
Yes, she did. That book was released in 2014. She also wrote Three Wishes and The Last Anniversary.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
I think they are a pretty good team but I don't know much about them. What do you think of them?
My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks. My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks.
They seem to be having a good season. But they haven't won a championship since 2012.
I don't know much about him other than he used to coach the San Francisco 49ers.
Yes! X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen any of those?
There is X-Men 2 written by Stan Lee. Would you like to hear more?
The Incredible Hulk stars William Hurt, Tim Roth, and Tim Roth.
Yes she wrote The Hiding Place. Have you read that one?
The Hiding Place is a Non-fiction book. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
Noah Emmerich starred in Windtalkers. what else can i do for you today?
Yes, you might enjoy "The Looking Glass Wars" by Frank Beddor.
Ok, Ip Man is a movie called Ip Man. Would you like to know more about it?
Great! Let me know if I can help with anything else.
He directed the Lego Movie and 22 Jump Street. Have you seen those?
Jamie Lee Curtis and Channing Tatum starred in 22 Jump Street. Would you like to know who else was in that movie?
Yes, he was in White House Down, which is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome.
Definitely! Sean Penn wrote and directed it.
Okay, I'll add that to your Highness to your Highness.
Yes, she was in No Strings Attached.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Well, James Frain who is in it is also in Transit (Crime Fiction Film).
Then you might like World War Z, or Wrath of the Titans then.
Zombieland is starring Max Brooks, Mark Wahlberg and Bill Murray.
I don't know when it was released, but Woody Harrelson starred in X-Men: The Last Stand and World War Z.
She wrote The Red Tent, The Last Days pf Dogtown, and The Red Tent. Have you read any of those?
Yes, The Red Pony is also a good one, have you read that one?
You're welcome!
Yes, A Little Princess was written by Nacy Bond and is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
The King of Attolia is a young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, I would recommend Witches Abroad, Wizard's First Rule, Wizard's First Rule, and Witches Abroad.
Yes, Arms is written by Ernest Hemingway. Do you like Hemingway?
Well, you might like To Have and Have Not, The Time Traveler's Wife, or The Witch of Blackbird Pond to name a few.
To Have and Have Not was also written by Ernest Hemingway and is a Romance Novel. Do you like Romance Novels?
Groundhog Day is a war movie. Do you like War movies? If so Zero Dark Thirty is a good one.
Charlie Sheen is one of the main stars in Year One.
Yes he was in Ghostbusters
You are welcome
I love Linkin Park, especially the song Waiting to Exhale. Do you like them?
That is a sci-fi movie, do you like sci-fi movies?
Another Sci-Fi movie you might like is X-Men: The Last Stand.
Yes. If you like Adventure films, you might also like X-Men: The Last Stand or World War Z.
Yes she was in it as well. She also starred in it as well. Have you seen it?
Sure. Jean-pierre Youngt directed The Manchurian Candidate, which is a drama. Do either of those sound interesting?
Micmacs is starring Yolande Moreau. Micmacs is a western film.
I do not know when he started. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome.
Do you like the author Neil Gaiman? He wrote The Ocean at the End of the Lane because it is a romance novel?
Murderer's Daughter is written by Neil Gaiman and was released in 2013.
No problem, enjoy!
Joel Coen and Bradley Cooper star in No Country for Old Men.
He was also in the suspense film True Grit. Have you seen it?
Quentin Tarantino directed and produced it.
Do you like the movie because it is a science fiction movie or because it is an action movie?
It is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
You are correct. It is a spy film.
You're welcome!
Me Before You was written by Jojo Moyes.
Jojo Moyes also wrote The Ship of Women and The One Plus One.
You are welcome.
She wrote The Comte de Monte-Cristo. Are you familiar with this author?
Yes, he was the author of The Count of Monte Cristo.
Well, as a matter of fact, The Count of Monte Cristo, The Voyage of the Dawn Treader was also released in 1844.
You are welcome.
Sure! Mark Haddon wrote The Little Friend and The Time Machine. Have you read those?
Yes, that is a movie starring Tom Cruise. Have you seen it?
I have. If you like Peter Capaldi, I would also recommend You, Me and Dupree.
I hope you enjoy the movie!
Sure! Katherine Paterson wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. Have you read those?
Yes, the Great Gilly Hopkins released the same year as The Great Gilly Hopkins.
You are welcome! Enjoy!
The Hunger Games has genre Young-adult fiction. Would you like to hear about movies in that genre?
Shark Night is a thriller and stars Kyla Pratt. Have you seen that?
Shark Night stars Katharine McPhee, Joshua Leonard, and Joshua Leonard.
I know he wrote Walking Disaster, have you read it?
Walking Disaster is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I'm sorry, I don't have any recommendations for that.
You are welcome.
The Matrix Reloaded was directed by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
You might enjoy The Matrix Reloaded or The Devil's Advocate.
Bradley Cooper is one of the leading stars in John Wick, along with Keanu Reeves.
You're welcome!
I am not much of a fan of her music but I know she composed Titanium
Yes she did. She also has some really good choreographers as well.
Ok, and if you like country music, I think you should check out her latest album.
Lana Wachowski starred in The Matrix Revisited, The Matrix Revolutions, The Matrix Revolutions, Speed Racer, Speed Racer, Water for Elephants just to name a few.
Okay, if you like romance films, you should check out The Incredibles.
No, it's more of a Crime Fiction movie. Do you like Crime Fiction movies?
Blood Promise is written by Richelle Mead. Richelle Mead a young-adult fiction book
Yes, Vampire Academy: The Graphic Novel was influenced by Richelle Mead.
It was written by Richelle Mead, who also wrote Shadow Kiss and Blood Promise, have you read those?
Yes, Leigh Dragoon did write that as well as The Lady in the Lake series.
Do you like Mission Impossible because it is a Action/Adventure movie?
The Lego Movies starred Will Ferrell, Will Ferrell, and Morgan Freeman. Do you like any of them?
You might enjoy The Lego Movie, it was directed by Will Ferrell if you like action/adventure films.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on Will Ferrell's role.
I'm glad I could help!
Tom Skerritt starred in Ted, which is a romantic comedy.
Ted is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Maruice Hindle starred in The Princess Diaries and The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you seen either?
Yes, Modern Prometheus was also written by Percy Bysshe Shelley.
Yes, they are. Also, Modern Prometheus is in English.
Gustave Flaubert wrote a book called Neverwhere. Would you be interested in that?
It was released in 1856, and is considered a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
Yes, she did. I believe he also wrote Madame Bovary.
I know they are a part of the NFC South. John Fox is a good coach. Do you like them?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite player?
I like hockey as well. Do you have a favorite sport?
Yes, Toy Story is starring Tom Hanks and Tim Allen.
Toy Story 3 and Toy Story 3. Toy Story 3 and Toy Story 3.
Will be happy to help!
Will do! Hope you enjoy!
Blake Griffin is a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
I'm a huge fan. I like to watch Basketball movies like Space Jam. What about you?
I'm more of a baseball fan. What sports do you follow?
Blade Runner is a science fiction thriller. Do you like science fiction movies?
William Sanderson starred in Blade Runner. He also starred in Zombieland. Have you seen that one?
If you liked that one, you might also like Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee.
Bood Diamond starred Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy The Wolfman. Have you seen that one?
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy "The Wolf of Wall Street" or "The Lost Continent."
Yes, James Nesbitt starred in Match Point, The Missing, and The Missing.
It's a romantic comedy.
The Way is a romantic comedy and drama. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Law Abiding Citizen is starring F. Gary Gary who directed The Italian Job which you might like.
Roger Bart also starred in Insomnia which is a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
You might like Catch-22 which is a psychological thriller and crime fiction.
Did you like the fifth element because it was written by Steven Spielberg, or because it was a Science Fiction Film?
Did you like the fifth element, because it is science fiction?
You are welcome.
Yes, I love her. My favorite song of hers is What About You. Have you heard it?
I am not sure of any of them, but I know she has a good voice. I think some of her most popular songs is Don't You Love You.
Yeah, I like Lady Gaga too. I think I've heard some of her songs alot.
He wrote The Last Don, a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes, there was. The book was adapted into a movie if you liked the book.
Anita Diamant wrote The Red Tent, The Red Tent, and The Last Days of Dogtown. Have you read any of those?
It is fiction.
Anita Diamant also wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Downtown
You are welcome
The Untouchables is starring Sean Connery who also starred in The Wind and the Lion. Do you like Crime Fiction movies?
It's a historical period drama and a mystery. Do those genres interest you?
It is a Romantic Comedy, do you like that genre?
Michelle Pfeiffer and Anthony Hopkins to name a few.
You are welcome!
Yes, it was written by Preston and directed by Roland Emmerich and released in 2011.
I believe it is a Drama/Thriller
Yes, I highly recommend the historical drama , The Mists of Avalon
12 Years a Slaves is starring Tony Goldwyn and Liam Neeson
No problem!
Sure, she wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Creatures. Have you read those?
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Well, I'm not sure about Fantasy, but if you like Fantasy, I think you might like The Looking Glass Wars. It's a thriller.
Glad to be of help
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time is a fantasy/fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
You might like The Looking Glass Wars, or The Golden Compass. Those are all great movies.
Daniel Radcliffe stars in the movie. Do you like him?
You're welcome.
Sure, that was written by Sophie Kinsella and released in 2005.
She wrote Wedding Night, Twenties Girl, and The Undomestic Goddess.
It is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Shopaholic and Baby is a comedy.
Kristin Cashore wrote Graceling, Fire, Bitterblue. Have you read any of these?
Yes, she is a romance novel
Do you like Voyager? She wrote that.
No problem
Yes, I have. Do you like her? She wrote A Tree Grows in Brooklyn.
The Tree in Brooklyn was released in 1943
Yes it was
Yes, I am a huge fan of the Belgium national football team. How about you?
I didn't know that. What sports do you enjoy?
I am a fan of the Mets, but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
Yes, he starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
Yes, I have seen Full Frontal but I don't know much about it. Do you like him? He was in Zero Dark Thirty.
Yes, he directed Half Broke Horses, which is a comedy. He also directed and wrote and starred in.
Yes i do one of them is Shackleton which is an action film.
Kevin McNally and Kenneth Branagh also star in Shackleton.
It came out in 1999.
William Goldman starred in The Princess Bride. Have you seen it?
He writes in many genres including Speculative fiction, Psychological Thriller and Sci-Fi.
What about The Princess Bride, if you like fantasy.
You are welcome.
Sure! Sarah Dressen wrote X-Men: Apocalypse which was also written by Sarah Silverman.
They're a good read. They're in the Speculative Genre and was released in 2011.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Amazing Spider-Man 2 stars Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield.
Yes he is. Did you know he also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man 2?
I am not sure about that, but I can tell you that Rashida Jones starred in The Social Network.
You are welcome!
Yes, he wrote Things Fall Apart. Did you know that he is a writer?
Do you like the genre of this book because it is fiction?
No I haven't seen it but Wintersmith & White Noise is a great movie.
You are welcome have a great day.
Sure, do you like Pulp Fiction because it is starring Tim Roth or because it is starring Tim Roth?
Yes. Jamie Foxx starred in Pulp Fiction as well as many other movies.
You're welcome!
Mitch Alborn wrote The Time Traveler's Wife and The Time Keeper. Have you read those?
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre Biography and Psychological Thriller
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Matrix was written and directed by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
Ninja Assassin stars Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, and Jada Pinkett Smith.
I'm a fan of Thrillers. Isn't that a movie starring Adam Sandler?
Yes, do you like Echoes of Silence?
Did you know that Echoed of Silence was a great song too?
I really like it. Is it the one written by John Grisham?
John Grisham is most famous for his work in Thriller genre.
The Brethren was released in 1979. It also starred John Grisham.
I would recommend the thriller he wrote called Without Remorse.
There is a version of The Vanished Man written in English.
You are welcome.
Do you like Dr. Seuss books? He also wrote The Cat in the Hat and Other Dr. Seuss books
Then you might also like The Cat in the Hat, Horton Hears a Who! and The Cat in the Hat.
There's a Wocket in My Pocket written by Seuss. What kind of books do you like?
You're welcome!
Yes, I love Adam Levine. Have you heard of Maroon 5? He's one of my favorites.
I do too. Do you like Maroon 5 because it is a classic?
I haven't watched them but X Factor is more of a sci-fi flick. Do you like sci-fi?
Peter Dinklage starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
Yes it is, similar to Zoe's Tale.
You are welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, that is written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
He also wrote Romeo and Juliet and A Midsummer Night's Dream. Have you read either of those?
You might like The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor, or The Tempest.
You're welcome.
Anthony Hopkins starred in The Devil Wears Prada. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, Nicholas Cage starred in Bobby
I dont have that information at the moment
Anthony Hopkins starred in a lot of other movies like Hocus Pocus.
thank you
Have you seen Wizard and Glass? He wrote that as well.
Yes, he did. That was a book as well.
He was influenced by Tom Hanks, Tom Everett and Tom Hanks.
Yes, if you like children's literature you should check out The Graveyard Book.
You're welcome!
Sure, Her is a romance and stars Scarlett Johansson. Do you like romance movies?
Scarlett Johansson stars in The Prestige and The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie. Do those sound interesting?
Great! You should also check out Out of the Dust!
Scarlett Johansson stars in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
Under the Skin was released in 1995.
You're welcome!
Yes! Vivica A. Fox and David Carradine are in it.
Vivica A. Fox was also in Kill Bill: Vol. 1 and 2. Do you like Vivica A. Fox movies?
Yes, he starred in Pulp Fiction as well as Donnie Wahlberg.
I think they are a pretty good team. What do you think of them?
I don't know much about him as a football team but I do know that he was a member of the Seattle Seahawks.
I don't really know anything about him. I do know that he was a musician, a musician and a musician.
Robert Duvall starred in The Apostle and The Apostle. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, he did write that movie with Valerie Tian.
Yes, if you like Tarnation, you might also like You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger and The Last Reunion.
Yes, Christina Perri is a wonderful song writer. She wrote a lot of books including A Thousand Years and Lovestrong.
I didn't know that. I know she is a musician and a musician.
Wayman is a great player. do you know what genre he plays?
i hope you enjoy the basketball. what do you think of Kristen Stewart?
I think he is a great artist, but I don't really like his music.
i do not know anything about him. What other type of music do you like?
Sounds like a great band!
Yes, there is a movie based on the book. The book was written by J.R.R. Tolkien
I don't know of any of them, but there is a movie based on the book called The Hobbit by J.K. Rowling.
Sure, Christopher Lee starred in The Two Towers and The Silmarillion.
The Battle of Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. The next in the series is The Titan's Curse. Have you heard of it?
Did you know The Battle of Labyrinth was written by Scott West?
Well, Then you might also like The Son of Neptune or The Book of Mormon.
You're welcome!
He directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen that one?
Yes, The Simpsons Movie is a comedy/drama. Do you like that genre?
You might also like The Lion King or The Witching Hour. They're both animated films.
Enjoy!
Sure, she wrote Shadow and Wicked. Do those sound interesting?
Yes, Wicked was also a play.
Yes, Armentrout also wrote Twisted, which was also a play.
No problem!
Yes, Mhari Calvery wrote One More Day and The Hour I First Believed. Have you read either?
Robert Pattinson also starred in Braveheart. Do you like his work?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome.
Sure! He wrote The Thousand Autumns of Jacob de Zoet, The Bonesetter's Daughter, and The Bone Collector. Have you read any of those?
Yes, The Bone Clocks is in English. It was written in English.
The Bone Clocks is a novel written in English. Did you know it was turned into a movie?
Glad to help!
Sure, he directed Super, which is a fantasy. He also directed Super, which is a really good movie.
Keanu Reeves stars in Slither. It's a great movie.
Sure Zach Gilford starred in The Transporter and The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you seen those?
I hope you enjoy them!
Paul Werstine wrote The Merchant of Venice and Much Ado About Nothing.
Yes, you are correct. He also wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream.
Gnomeo & Juliet is by James Patterson.
Yes, Elysium is a thriller starring Matt Damon and was released in 2012.
I'm having trouble getting that information. However, I can tell you The Hunger Games is good too.
I have seen The Martian. It's Science Fiction. He also starred in Step Brothers.
OK. Have you seen Gravity or Inception?
ok
I am not sure of his last album, but I do know he was born in Los Angeles.
Yes, X-Men: First Class was also released in 2017.
I don't know any of his songs, but I do know that he has a nice voice. Do you like any of them?
Not really a fan of them but I've heard a lot of songs like Cloverfield. What about you?
Yes, he wrote рестуление инакаание и накаание и накаание рестуление инакаание рестуление инакаание рестуление и накаание
It was released in 1866.
What a genre for this book?
I think I remember that he is a Brazilian jiu-jitsu champion?
I don't know much about him either. I think he also plays for the Brazilian national team.
Yeah, but I don't know anything else about her. What sport do you like?
He wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Stephen Hawking wrote The Universe in a Nutshell. He also wrote The Manchurian Candidate.
It's a great movie. Stephen Hawking starred in The Left Hand, which is a sci-fi film.
You're welcome.
I'm sorry I don't have any information on that song. What else can I do for you?
Under the Tuscan Sun was written by Frances Mayes.
Under the Tuscan Sun was released in 1997.
Under Magnolia was released in 1997.
Brad Garrett starred in Underdog ,The Pacifier,The Country Bears and The Cuckoo's Calling.
The Pacifier is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Underdog is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I hope you enjoy it!
City of God is starring Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her movies?
The Escapist is a thriller. Seu Jorge also starred in The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou.
Yes, he starred in The House of Sand.
Jay Asher wrote The Future of Us, The Future of Us, and The Future of Us.
Wildwood Dancing is similar one.
You can try Wildwood Dancing. It is also young adult fiction.
It was released in 1996.
Hope you enjoy it!
City of Lost souls is written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
Yes, The Mortal Instruments was released in 2001.
The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass; City of Glass; City of Glass; City of Glass.
You are very welcome.
Sure! The Swan Thieves was written by Elizabeth Kostova and released in 2012. It has a genre Thriller.
I'm sorry, I don't have any more information on the suspense title. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Without Fail is a thriller. It is also a suspense movie. Do you like suspense movies?
You're welcome.
The Messenger is a great book
Did you like it because it was a drama?
Yes, he was. Have you seen Jurassic Park? He was in that one.
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
No problem!
Sure. Didn't that movie star Robert Downey Jr.? He also starred in The Avengers.
I am not sure, but The Ghost is a Sci-Fi Thriller.
Yes, he starred in it as well as Vincent Pastore, who also starred in The Darkness.
You are welcome.
Sure, Rupert Sanders directed Snow White and Huntsman. Have you seen that?
Correct, she was also in Snow White and the Huntsman.
The Brothers Grimm wrote The Huntsman, have you seen it?
Your welcome.
Sure, The Son of Neptune is a book written by Rick Riordan. The Son of Neptune is a Greek mythology book.
You're correct! I think The Titan's Curse is a great book. Do you like Fantasy?
You're welcome!
I don't know much about The Weeknd, but I know that The Weeknd is a friend to Madonna. Did you know that he is also a musician?
Yes, The Muppets was a comedy. Did you see that? She also starred in No Strings attached.
I like What Happens in Vegas, too! I also like the movie The Gathering.
I love her music! Did you know she was in Men in Black 3?
Do you like Will Smith because of his movies?
Yes, Michael Ealy also starred in Men in Black 3. He was also in it as well.
Sure, he wrote Terms of Endearment.
You might like Annie Hall or Wildwood Dancing. Have you seen those?
Have you seen White House Down? It's a romantic comedy.
Evan Goldberg starred in The Interview with the Vampire Slayer. Have you seen it?
Great, Emma Watson also starred in Pineapple Express which is a drama, have you seen it?
Yes, This is the End is a drama and comedy, I think you might like it.
You are welcome!
Yes, John G. Avildsen wrote The Pilgrimage and The Pilgrimage.
Yes, Sylvester Stallone starred in The Karate Kid. Another good martial arts film is The Prestige.
John G. Affleck starred in The Last Dragon.
Yes, she starred in The Cosby Show.
You're welcome!
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is a good one, have you seen that one?
They are Young-adult fiction and Fantasy
No problem, do you need any information on any of these movies?
There are 3 parts in this series, only that one is in a series
No,i don't
You are welcome
Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses.
Jean M Auel also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
The Shelters of Stone is a Fantasy novel that was released in 1993.
Zoe's Tale is a great book.
You're welcome!
Derek Jacobi has starred in a lot of movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Unforgivable Blackness also starred Mike Colter and Jennifer Ehle.
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Three Musketeers as well.
Yes, Keith Carradine starred in the movie as well as a few other movies.
He is a cricket player and plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
I'm more of a baseball fan. What is your favorite team?
Not much of a Golf fan but I like Serena too.
Wow. I didn't know he was in the London Summer Olympics.
I think he is a really good basketball player, but I don't know much about him.
Oh Michael Jordan was great. I liked Space Jam. What other sports do you like?
I didn't know that Ivan Reitman also wrote and starred in Jumanji.
I'm not really a fan of their coach, but I think they are having a good season this year.
Sure, Rick Riordan wrote The Sea of Monsters, have you read it?
It is speculative fiction.
Sure. The Looking Glass Wars is a great one
F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, The Great Gatsby, The Great Gatsby, and The Great Gatsby. Have you read any of these?
It was originally published in 1867. Have you read it?
He wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Franklin, The Great Gatsby, The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby. Have you read any of these?
You are welcome! Enjoy!
Michael Crichton is actually a writer. He wrote a lot of thrillers. Do you like thrillers?
Yes. Similar writers include Michael Crichton and Michael Crichton.
Sure. Robin Cook is an American novelist, critic, public speaker, essayist, essayist, essayist, critic, public speaker, essayist, editor, essayist, editor, producer and director.
You are welcome.
Have you seen The Incredibles? It's a family movie too.
Yes, Jason Lee also wrote and starred in The Incredibles.
You are welcome.
Great Expectations: Dickens and London. Do you like London?
Yes, it is a biography. Do you like biography?
Jeremy Tambling wrote the book David Copperfields and he also wrote The Bourne Supremacy
Sure! Ed Sheeran wrote I Think You Love Me, which is a Romance. Do you like Romance?
Yes, it was. Did you know Ed Sheeran starred in a lot of movies as well?
You should check out Better Luck Tomorrow if you like that one.
It is a speculative fiction book written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure! Do you like books by Rosner and Hesse or speculative fiction genres?
The Thief of Always was written by Nicholas Sparks.
He has also written The Chamber of Secrets, The Old Curiosity Shop, and The Ruby in the Smoke.
You are welcome!
Yes, it was written by J.R.R. Tolkien and starred Orlando Bloom.
Then you might like Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
I haven't seen that one yet. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes is a series written by Arthur Conan Doyle. Do you like Romance novels?
Great! Have you read The Return of Sherlock Holmes or The Lost Continent?
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes is a detective fiction novel. Do you like detective fiction?
Yes, it is a short story.
Yes, The Girl on the Train is a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
Katharine McPhee wrote The Girl on the Train.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on any other films filmed in Mexico.
Yes, he's a great singer and song writer. Do you like his music?
I love her fathers music. Do you have a favorite song of his?
Yes, I like her song Give Your Heart a Break.
Yes, I do. He starred in Terms of Endearment, The Rules of Attraction, The Little House Collection, The Little House Collection, The Little House Collection. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, Nora Dunn starred in it as well. Do you like her movies?
Do you like Drama movies or just Three Kings?
You're welcome
Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995.
Yes, Christopher Bigsby also wrote The Crucible and All My Sons, have you seen them?
Yes, it is a drama. Do you like drama?
Yes, I would recommend A Christmas Carol, which is also a drama
You're welcome!
Mark Margolis wrote The Girl Next Door, which is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like Romantic Comedies?
Yes, Marisa Tomei also starred in X-Men and The Wildest Dream.
Yes, she starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wildest Dream.
No, I don't have any information on the Wrestler.
No problem!
He directed Legend of Tarzan and Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. Do you like drama movies?
Yes, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is one of my favorites, as is The Legend of Tarzan. Have you seen that one?
Anything else I can help you with?
Sure, Joseph Heller wrote The Man in the High Castle and The Poisonwood Bible. Have you read those?
Sure, World Without End is a similar piece
You are welcome!
Stefan Kapicic starred in Deadpool, Deadpool, Deadpool. Have you seen any of these movies?
It also stars Stefan Kapicic, Stefan Kapicic, and Stefan Kapicic. Do you like them?
It is a superhero movie. Do you like superhero movies?
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is written by J.K. Rowling, do you like the author or genre?
J.K. Rowling wrote the series
The Disreputable History of Frankie Landaue-Banks is a great one.
Yes, we were Liars is in English. Did you know it was released in 2001?
Glad to help. Enjoy reading!
Interstellar starred Matthew McConaughey. Do you like his movies?
If you like Sci-Fi movies you might enjoy X-Men, World War Z, or World War Z.
Another great Sci-Fi movie you might like is X-Men: The Last Stand. Have you seen this one?
Brad Pitt and Ethan Hawke are in it. It was directed by David Fincher.
OK, Mireille Enos is a great Sci-Fi movie.
I love his song We Rode in Trucks is cool.
I don't know a whole lot about it. I know he is a pop rock and soul singer. Do you like that type of music?
It's a pop rock and soul. Do you like this type of music?
He wrote Law abiding citizen
You might like Terminator Salvation if you like that genre.
Emily Watson starred in the Science Fiction Film Equilibrium a crime fiction film. Have you seen it?
You're welcome
Sidney Lumet is a writer, comedian, and author. He wrote The Verdict and The Verdict. Are you a fan?
I am not sure but I can tell you that Sidney also wrote The Pillars of the Earth
Crime is a crime fiction
Do you like The Selection because it is Young-Adult Fiction or because it is a Young-adult fiction?
She wrote The Siren, The One, The One, The One, and The One. Have you read those?
Hope you enjoy it
Have a great day
He wrote Waking Life, which stars Ethan Hawke.
Yes, Waking Life is a romantic comedy. Do you like Romance films?
OK, Have fun!
Rich Moore directed Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
John Green wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
John Green also wrote Paper Towns.
How about Paper Towns?
Glad to help.
Good Will Hunting was directed by Matt Damon. Do you like drama films?
Not that I know of, sorry! But he did direct Good Will Hunting. Did you see it?
Yes, he stars in The Pelican Brief and The Pelican Brief. Have you seen any of them?
Have you seen My Own Private Idaho with Keanu Reeves? That is a great one.
He wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames and When You Are Engulfed in Flames. Have you read either of those?
He was influenced by David Sedaris and was born in SantaLand Diaries. Are you a fan of either?
Did you know Dorothy was influenced by David Sedaris?
Sure, We Were Liars was written by E. Lockhart in 2014.
E. Lockhart also wrote The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that it was released in 2014 and is considered a comedy.
You're welcome.
Yes, Charles Frazier is an American novelist, architect, and director. He wrote Thirteen Moons and the book The Colditz Story.
Thirteen Moons is a romantic drama. Do you like that genre?
Thirteen Moons was written by Charles Frazier.
You're welcome.
I like contemporary R & B but I like contemporary R & B.
My apologies, I don't know that. What type of music do you listen to?
Scott O'Dell starred in Island of the Blue Dolphins.
He wrote Island of the Blue Dolphins which was released in 1960.
Yes. Éric-Emmanuel Schmitt is a writer, screenwriter, poet, and a musician.
He is a good Athlete who is a good Athlete
He did. He also participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
You are welcome. He also participated in the 2012 Olympics.
Het Achterhuis: Dagboekbrieven 14 juni 1942 - 1 augustus 1944.
It is in English.
I don't know of any books by Eleanor Roosevelt, but he was influenced by William Shakespeare.
You are welcome!
Did you like that movie because it was starring Nicholas Cage?
Goodfellas is starring Nicholas Cage. Do you like Romance films?
Have you seen The Black Dahlia? It is a good one.
Benedict Cumberbatch was in What Just Happened.
Yes, Art Linson wrote What Just Happened is also written by Art Linson.
You are welcome!
Do you like it because it is a crime movie or because it is a crime movie?
Beneath was a star in What Lies Beneath. If you like Thrillers, you might also like To Kill a Mockingbird.
I don't have any information on what Lies Beneath was released in 2003.
You're welcome.
The Boston Celtics is coached by Doc Rivers and Brad Stevens. Do you like them?
I do. I like the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
I do watch the Lakers. What team do you like to watch?
Did you know that he was a professional basketball player?
Sure, he starred in the Pianist, have you seen that movie?
Yes he is in that movie as well. Are you familiar with his work?
Do you like Simon West because he is a great director?
Natalie Babbitt wrote Tuck Everlasting, which is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Tuck Everlasting is a romance. Do you like romance?
Yes, Voyager is a romance novel. It is similar to Xenocide.
You are welcome.
Sure, do you like romance movies or dramas?
Roland Emmerich also wrote The Day After Tomorrow. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he was in that movie as well.
No problem!
Yes, Basher Savage starred in Gravity
Gravity was released in 2011. I don't know what year Gravity was released.
Gravity was released in 2011. Other movies released that year was Zombieland.
The Witch of Blackbird Pond is a Sci-Fi movie you might like.
You are very welcome!
I don't really like them. I think they are doing well this year. Who is their coach now?
Oh wow. I didn't know that. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. Do you like the Oaklands?
I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. What do you think of Oakland?
The Prestige is starring Michael Caine and Christian Bale. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, The Prestige is starring Scarlett Johansson and Michael Caine
Rebecca Hall starred in The Dark Knight Rises and The Dark Knight Rises
No problem
Catch 22 is a war novel written by Joseph Heller.
Yes, it is a war novel.
Catch 22 is written by Joseph Heller. He also wrote a follow up book called Tintetod.
You are welcome.
Yes, I do. He wrote Tempted, Revealed, Redeemed, Tempted, Tempted, and Revealed.
It is considered a paranormal romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome!
Yes, it's a great book written by Charles Dickens. Have you read any of his books?
It is. It is also a film, similar to White Teeth.
Yes, you are correct.
You are welcome.
John Lasseter wrote The Terminator and The Left Hand of Darkness. Have you seen either of those?
Cars was released in 2004 and was written and directed by John Lasseter.
Zoey Deutch and Jada Pinkett Smith all starred in the film.
Of course! You are welcome.
Wladimir Klitshcko starred in Ocean Eleven with Hayden Panettiere.
Sure, Wladimir Klitschko starred in Ocean's Eleven with Hayden Panettiere.
Yes, I think you'll enjoy it.
The Denver Broncos are coached by John Fox and John Fox. Do you like them?
I like the Redskins but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
I am not much of a football fan but I do know the Redskins is their home venue.
Well, it was written by Terry Pratchett who also wrote The Last Man, The Picture of Dorian Gray.
Yes Wyrd Sisters is also written by Terry Pratchett
Have you read Witches Abroad or Witches Abroad?
Kevin Durant is currently playing for the Golden State Warriors.
I think he is 47 years old
No, that's correct. What team does he play for?
No problem!
Anthony Heald starred in The Silence of the Lambs and The Client. Have you seen any of these films?
Ted Tally wrote The Silence of the Lambs, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Well, you might also enjoy the sequels, The Silence of the Lambs, which is a thriller.
Enjoy your film!
I haven't seen that one but heard it's a great action movie.
Shia Lebouf also starred in The Sun Also Rises. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, Shia Lebouf starred in V for Vendetta. Have you seen that one?
Russell is probably one of the greatest rated players of his time. He was a point guard in the league right?
Not really a basketball fan but if I had to choose from what I've heard it's called Space Jam.
No, they were not a basketball player as well. If you like basketball you should check out Zoolander.
I don't have any suggestions for Hush Hush Hush Hush but I can recommend you movies where Christoph Waltz starred.
yes, this series is a series
Yes it is, another romance you might like is What Rainbows End.
Great, enjoy!
Thank you
Justin Rose is a professional Golfer from London.
I see. I think he won the 2007 PGA Championship. I think he is a very good golfer.
I have seen Adam Sandler in that movie as well. I am a fan of Adam Sandler, he is a great actor.
I'm not a huge fan fan but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer and Adam Sandler.
Have you been to the Seattle Seahawks games?
Oh wow. I know that the team is owned by David Hyde Pierce, but I don't know much about them anymore.
Gregory Rabassa wrote Rayuela.
It was released in 1963, the same year as El otoo del patriarca.
Sorry, can I help you with anything else?
I think she is a singer like Lady Gaga and Katy Perry right?
I did not know that. Did you know The Giver was a science fiction film?
Did you know the Giver was based on a book by Lois Lowry, who also wrote The Giver.
Are you talking about the book Looking for Alaska written by John Green?
John Green also wrote Paper Towns. Anything else I can help you with?
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars which is also Young Adult Fiction.
You're welcome.
He wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Breakfast at Tiffany's. Have you seen either of those?
I don't have that information. What else can you tell me about Murder?
I haven't seen it but I do know that In Cold Blood was directed by Truman Capote. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I do. Nathan Greno starred in Expendables, which is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Mandy Moore was also in Waterworld. Have you seen that one?
You might enjoy World War Z or Wildwood Dancing.
You're right! He was also in The Santa Clause 2. Have you seen that one?
Larry Crowne is definitely a favorite of mine. You should also check out Nightwatch as well.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes I do. It's a great movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
If you like Sci-Fi movies you might enjoy Zoom, X-Men or World War Z. Have you seen any of those?
This movie was released in 1999 and stars Denzel Washington.
Peter Scolari starred in A Beautiful Mind. He also starred in Mindy Kaling.
Sure, you're welcome. He also starred in Larry Crowne, which is a romance film.
He's been in a number of movies. You may want to check out Zombieland, Yesterday Was a Lie, and Vanilla Sky.
You're welcome.
Yes, Part III is starring Marlon Brando
Robert Zemeckis directed The Scent of a Woman.
Yes. He is also a director.
One of my favorites that he starred in was No Country for Old Men.
Witless Protections is a drama and also stars Jane Austen.
Of course! Other Crime films in the Crime genre include The Assassination of Jesse James, The Black Dahlia, and The Black Dahlia.
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo stars Jennifer Aniston and Liam Neeson.
You're welcome!
Yes, I'm a singer. Is she a singer?
I know that she is a singer like Lady Gaga and Katy Perry right?
I'm not sure of any others, but I know she has a few albums like Lady Gaga and Lady Gaga
I am a huge fan of Linkin Park, have you heard of it?
Not really, but I heard some of their pop hits on the radio. What's your favorite song from them?
I'm not really a fan of their music. I think I might listen to it when you get a chance.
Yes. Craig T. Nelson starred in movies like Wag the Dog, Twilight and The Devil's Advocate. Have you seen any of these?
He was also in The Curse of the Black Pearl. Have you seen that one?
He also starred in Wicked. It's a romantic comedy.
Yes, Tyrone Giordano was in it as well as Monsters University.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Diane Keaton also starred in Monster House.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure, Sylvia Plath wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath and Ariel.
Yes, The Journals of Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar, The Collected Poems, and The Collected Poems.
No, I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm not sure what his most popular song was, but he was in The Wiz, The Wiz, and The Wiz.
Do you know if he is in a relationship with his music?
Yes, it's a drama. Do you like dramas?
Sure, he directed Deadpool. Do you like Deadpool?
Deadpool is a fantasy, comedy, and drama. Do you like Ryan Reynold? He was also in Deadpool.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that director.
You're welcome.
He wrote II Principe
Il Principe is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on history related books.
It's similar to Il Principe, which was written in 1513.
Yes, he wrote The Last Colony and The Cider House Rules. Do either of these interest you?
It was released in 2012.
I'm sorry, I don't have access to that information.
Sure! Alice Walker wrote The Temple of My Familiar, The Color Purple and The Color Purple
The Color Purple is a Drama. Do you like Drama books?
Yes, it's a musical, if you like musicals.
Memento is a book written by Christoper Nolan.
Angus Macfadyen starred in Memento. Have you seen it?
You are welcome
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the France national football team
Wow, I didn't know that. Who is your favorite player?
I liked them better when they won the Premier League of the Year
The Scarlet Letter is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
He wrote The World According to Garp and The Cider House Rules.
The World According to Garp is a crime novel.
The book was published in 2003.
You're welcome!
Sure! He wrote Set It Off. Set It Off starred Vivica A. Fox and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, Princess Mononoke is a drama. Do you like drama?
It was produced by Wesley Sneijder and directed by Sergio Leone.
Of course! I hope you enjoy!
Have you seen other movies in the sequel such as Ocean's Twelve?
Sure, The Fight Club is a drama, directed by Matt Damon. Do you like dramas?
I don't think I can recommend a comedy, but I can recommend a great movie with Ben Stiller in it.
If you like Brad Pitt, I recommend You Got Served, You, Me and Dupree.
You are welcome.
It's a romance novel written by Kurt Wimmer. Do you like romance novels?
Simon McBurney also starred in The Hour I First Believed and The Hour I First Believed. Do you like romance films?
It is considered a Romantic film, as well as a Romantic film.
Harbhajan Singh is an athlete, plays cricket for the Mumbai Indians.
Do you have a favorite sport?
That's right. I don't know much about cricket. I'm more of an American Football fan.
I'm not much of a basketball fan but I do know that Lakers is owned by Bill Neukom.
Mike Brown is a great coach but I think he is a good coach
Yes, it was written by Louis Sachar.
Louis Sachar also wrote Les Miserables, which is a Psychological thriller.
Would you like me to send it to your book club?
I know that Stephen Curry is a basketball player. Do you like him?
I don't know much about the NBA but I know he won the award for Best Player of the Year!
They are in the NBA Finals. If you like basketball movies you should check out Why Did I Get Married Too.
You're welcome!
He starred in Vulgar and The Butterfly Effect. Have you seen either of those?
Sure, Vulgar is a horror film starring Matt Damon and Josh Brolin. It was released in 1999.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, he is a writer, screenwriter, producer, and director. He is known for directing the films A Bug's Life, Monsters Inc, and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
Glad to help!
I don't know much but I know they are coached by Louis van Gaal and Louis van Gaal.
Not really, I just heard of Manchester United F.C. I don't know much about soccer.
Yes, it was written by Terry Goodkind and is considered High Fantasy.
Sure, The Pillars of the Earth, The First Rule, and The Pillars of the Earth. Do any of those sound interesting?
It's listed as Speculative Fiction and Fantasy.
Yes. Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell. He also wrote Animal Farm.
It is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
He has also written The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
It is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
Can I help you with anything else?
The Shadow of the Torturer is a novel.
You are welcome.
Have a great day
I know he was born in Atlanta but plays quarterback for the Carolina Panthers. Are you a football fan?
Did you know their team was runner-up in the 2009 & 2007 UEFA Champions League Final?
Do you like Stephen Gostkowski because he's on the team?
Yes I do. He is a great boxer. Do you like Boxing?
What did you think of Floyd Mayweather? He's a great boxer.
Really? I didn't know that.
The Time Machine was written by H.G. Wells who also wrote The War of the Worlds. Have you heard of it?
Cassandra Clare wrote the book. Do you like her books?
The genre for The City is Science Fiction. Do you like Science Fiction?
Twilight was written by Meg Cabot. Did you like the movie because it is a fantasy?
You could try Undead and Unwed, by Stephenie Meyer. It's in the romance genre, as well as romance.
Of course! Youth in Revolt stars Steve Buscemi, Steve Buscemi, and Steve Carell. It's a great comedy.
You are welcome! I hope you enjoy them!
Andrew Garfield starred in The Social Network and The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you seen either of those?
Amazing Spider-Man stars Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield. Are you a fan of hers?
Yes, she did. She also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man.
Yes, How to Win Friends and Influence People is written by Dale carnegie. Similar books are The magic of Thinking Big and The Happiness Project.
How to Win Friends and Influence People is a good one. Have you heard of it?
Yes, he also wrote How to Win Friends and Influence People.
You're welcome!
Do you like science fiction movies?
Jack Reacher is starring Tom Cruise, Robert Duvall and David Oyelowo.
Jack Reacher is a psychological thriller, and Jack Reacher is a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
Shark Night also stars Kyla Pratt and Dustin Milligan.
Yes, he's a singer, song writer, singer, and songwriter.
Ziggy Marley is a Dancer. Do you like Dancers?
I don't have any of them listed. However, I know he is a regular on The Voice.
Ratatouille was a great movie! Did you like the movie because it was written by Christopher Nolan?
Ratatouille is a romance film. Do you like romance films?
You're welcome!
Se7en is starring Brad Pitt and Morgan Freeman. Do you like thrillers?
Have you seen White House Down? It's a crime thriller.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on who else stars in it.
Hope you enjoy them and enjoy!
It was written in 2011 and it is a fiction book. Do you like fiction books?
No, but I heard it's a good read.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
No, I'm not sure about that, but it is in English.
I really like her song Some Kind of Miracle. Do you like her?
I like a few of her songs. What about You and Me?
I would have never heard of her. What kind of music do you like?
Yes, I love reality television shows. Have you watched any of the other shows?
Yes, City of Fallen Angels was written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
City of Fallen Angels was written by Cassandra Clare. It is a romance novel. Does that interest you?
Yes, The Mortal Instruments is part of the series by Cassandra Clare. Have you read any of her books?
No problem.
Terry George has directed Hotel Rwanda, starring Sophie Okonedo and Joaquin Phoenix.
Hotel Rwanda is an adventure film.
Nicolas Cage starred in The Other Boleyn Girl.
Yes, The Other Boleyn Girl is a psychological thriller.
Sure, The Other Boleyn Girl is a history movie. The Other Boleyn Girl is a biographical film.
Tobey Maguire stars in The Other Boleyn Girl.
Sure, Franz Kafka wrote The Castle and Amerika
The Castle is a fantasy book that was released in 2003. It was written in English.
The Castle is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
You're welcome!
Steven Spielberg directed "The Goonies" and "The Goonies." Have you seen those?
I do not have any information on that. Catch Me If You Can is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Paula Hawkins wrote The Red Pony which is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
Yes it was, have you seen it?
You're welcome
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren, The Queen, and The Queen. Have you read any of these?
The Siren is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
If you like young-adult fiction, you'll like The Siren. It's also fantasy, if you're interested.
Yes, Modern Prometheus is written by Percy Bysshe Shelley and Percy Bysshe Shelley
Do you like Percy Bysshe Shelley's work?
Frank Darabont also stars in The Last Man, which is a Romance Film. Do you like Romance films?
Yes, you are correct. Have you seen Valentine's day or The Thousand Years?
Yes, Paper Towns was written by John Green and starred Susan Sarandon. Are you a fan of hers?
No, I haven't. Do you like young-adult fiction books?
Isn't he a basketball player? I've heard a little about him.
I didn't know Tony Allen was also a point guard
Yes they do, I know a lot of them as well. Do you know who else is a point guard?
The Scorch Trials is a young adult fiction book written by James Dashner.
Cool! You are welcome.
Yes, I recommend it.
Did you like the movie because it is a sci-fi or action movie?
Reese Witherspoon starred in this movie. It's a Sci-Fi. Do you like that genre?
Volcano is starring Denzel Washington and Kevin Spacey. It was released in 2011.
I have not seen Moulin Rouge, is it a Romantic Comedy?
Yes, Missy Eliot was also in the Thriller film, he was also in Independence Day.
Missy Eliot starred in it as a lead in the film.
You're welcome
I know he is a member of the Portugal national football team, and he is also a musician.
Not really. I am more of a European Football fan. What about you?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
I do, but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
My favorite team is the Redskins. Who is your favorite team?
I hope they have a chance. They also drafted Raymond Burr.
Alan Rickman starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wildest Dream.
Did you like the movie because it was written by M. Night Shyamalan?
Well, if you like that movie, you might also like Catch-22. It's a Crime/thriller as well.
Yes, Rodney Dangerfield also starred in The Sorcerer's Apprentice. Another good thriller is Shark Night.
I hope you enjoy it!
He wrote Little Miss Sunshine. Have you read that?
Did you know that Abigail Breslin starred in Space Jam?
The Incredible Burt Wonderstone was released in 2007.
You're welcome.
He is a singer, song writer, singer, song writer and dancer
Yes I do, Jordan Sparks is a very talented singer
I haven't seen that one yet. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, What Alice Forgot was written by Liane Moriarty and released in 2009. Are you familiar with her work?
The book was released in 2009. It's considered a comedy-drama.
Of course! Ender's Game is part of a series. The next in the series is Speaker for the Dead.
Speaker of the Dead is a Speculative fiction
Is there anything else I can help you with?
you are welcome
Sure, do you like Aladdin because it is a family movie or comedy movie?
The Princess and the Frog is directed by John Green
Sure, anything else?
I love her music. Did you know she was in a romantic relationship with Gaga?
The Edge of Glory was a good one. Did you know Lady Gaga starred in X-Men Apocalypse?
Yes, Bradley Cooper was in The Muppets too, I think I have never seen it.
Coldplay is a great song! Do you like their music?
Yeah, I like Yellow too. I think I heard a lot of people like it. Do you like them?
I'm not sure about that. I don't think so.
Sure! Nathan Lane starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen that?
He starred in a romance movie called No Country for Old Men.
Yes, she was in Trixie.
You are welcome.
Sure, Kahil Gilbran wrote Winne-The-Pooh and The Passion of Christ. Have you read either of these?
yes The Prophet is a Thriller. what else can i answer for you today?
The Prophet was released 2003 what else can i answer for you today?
you are welcome
Yes, he starred in a romance film called Better Luck Tomorrow.
Justin Timberlake starred in Celebrity, Wonderland, Jumanji and more. Do you know any of them?
It's a pop rock, and hip hop. Do you like that genre?
Yes, I do. Did you know that he wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight, a romance novel?
It is a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 2003
I'm glad to assist you!
Do you like Wolverine because it is a thriller, because it is starring Hugh Jackman?
Rise of the Guardians is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Rise of the Guardians is a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome
Red stars Morgan Freeman and Bruce Willis, did you know that he is a great actor?
Mike Starr starred in The Last Dragon, The Bodyguard, The Black Dahlia, and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen any of those?
Mike Starr also starred in The Mask and The Black Dahlia. Do those sound interesting?
Mike Starr wrote the film, The Last Dragon.
Great choice, he directed a lot of movies including Zero Dark Thirty, The Kill Order, and The Assassin and the Desert. Have you seen any of those?
Robert Duvall and David Oyelowo are the main stars.
Yes, Tate also starred in The O.C. I highly recommend it.
Have a great day!
Did you like The Godfather because it was a drama, or because it was starring Marlon Brando?
You might like Catch-22 which is a crime and drama, also starring Anthony Hopkins.
I am not sure who starred in Training Day.
Yes, Maleficent stars Olivia Wilde and Emma Stone. Do you like romance films?
Sure, she was also in The Usual Suspects. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Mr and Mrs Smith was in it as well.
Yes, I did. That was a funny movie with Owen Wilson.
Owen Wilson was in Wedding Crashers with Owen Wilson. He was in a bit of comedy as well.
Yes, he plays for the Germany national football team.
He plays the position of Midfielder and forward.
He also played a midfielder on the Germany national football team.
Isn't he a player on the Portugal national football team? I don't know much about him.
It is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder on the Portugal national team.
Yes, he is the current coach of the Portugal national football team.
The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Would you like to hear about other movies with him in it?
Yes, John Travolta starred in Edge of Tomorrow.
John Travolta also starred in Beyond the Sea. Have you seen that one?
Yes Bill Murray is in that movie as well. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great! I hope you enjoy the movie!
That's a great movie! Did you know that it was produced by Steven Spielberg?
I like crime, comedy, and comedy. Do you like that genre?
I like murder mystery as well. If you haven't seen To Rome with Love, you should check this out.
I haven't seen Pacifier yet, is it a thriller?
Yes, she wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Creatures.
Some of her books include Where Rainbows End and Wide Sargasso Sea.
I am not sure about that. I can tell you that Beautiful Darkness has a genre of Romance and Fantasy.
I am not a fan of the Yankees, but I do know they are owned by Woody Allen. Do you like them?
He is from the United States of America.
The movie was written by Christopher Paolini, would you like to know more about the movie?
I do not know of that film, but I know it was directed by Paulo Coelho.
I don't know what else he has done but Inside Out is a crime drama. Do you like crime drama?
I am not sure but if you like that genre, you might also like To Kill a Mockingbird which is a thriller.
I am not much of a baseball fan but I do know that it is a comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes and Michael Rapaport also starred in Dwayne Johnson.
Good Will Hunting stars Matt Damon, Matt Damon and Ben Stiller. Do you like Romantic Comedies?
Yes, Robin Williams starred in that movie as well.
No, I haven't heard of them.
Great, hope you enjoy!
Yes, I do like them. They are owned by M Denise Debartolo York and John York.
Oh yeah, I didn't know that. I like the 49ers as well.
I like the Steelers because I was a fan of Tom Brady, who was a great QB.
The thorn Birds is written by Colleen McCullough, have you heard of it?
The Women of Brewster Place was written by William Shakespeare.
Rachel McAdams is the main star of the film.
She starred in A Good Day to Die Hard and The Beautiful World.
You should check it out.
Dark Lover is speculative fiction novel written by J.R. Ward and released in 2005. J.R. Ward also wrote the book The Prestige.
Did you know Tyrannosaur Canyon starred Robert Downey Jr.?
The Mist is also a good science fiction movie. The Maze Runner is a sequel to Dark Lover.
You might enjoy the Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban or the Watchmen.
Sure, enjoy!
She starred in Twilight of the Ice Nymphs. Do you like romantic comedies?
It was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Well, if you liked that one, you might also like You Got Served, The Book of Mormon.
Sure, enjoy!
Oliver Hirschiegel starred in The Invasion and Downfall
Nicole Kidman and Kate Beckinsale were in the Invasion.
She was also in Bride Wars. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome.
I know that he is a basketball player, but I don't follow the sport much. Do you like basketball?
She starred in Wreck-It Ralph which is a romantic comedy.
Lady Gaga has a talented voice. Did you know she starred in The Muppets?
No, I haven't seen it but I'll definitely check it out. Thanks for the information!
Will Smith also starred in Men in Black 3. It's a great movie!
Martin Gardner wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.
Essential Readings for the Non-Believer is a book that was released in 1865. It was written in English.
You might be interested in The Witch of Blackbird Pond by Frank Beddor.
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like Fantasy movies?
He was in the movie Troy, Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales, and many more. Do any of those sound interesting?
I couldn't find any information on any of his movies, but if you liked Drama movies he starred in X-Men, I recommend Zulu
You're welcome
Yes, I do. She wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath and Ariel. Have you read those books?
I know a little bit about him. He plays golf. Do you like him?
I love Adam Sandler movies. How about you?
Me too! That was a great movie. Did you know Harold Ramis was in Hot Tub Time Machine?
He wrote The Rules of Attraction starring Kenneth Branagh.
The Butterfly Effect is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You are welcome.
Now You See Me is starring Will Smith. Will you like to watch that movie?
The Pelican Brief was a 1994 American drama film directed and directed by Roland Emmerich. Do you like Romance films?
No, I don't have any more information on that.
Sure, do you like Juno because it is a romance film?
Young Adult films I recommend are; The Hunger Games, The Giver, and The Giver. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, it is a comedy, and also falls into the genre of comedy.
Bradley Cooper stars in Young Adult films as well as X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Resident Evil, and many more
Bradley Cooper was in the first Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone.
Bradley Cooper starred in the first one, but also starred in The Mask, which is funny
Yes. M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans which is a romance novel.
Yes it was released in 2012 and was directed by Roland Emmerich.
Sure can watch Toy Story starring Kyla Pratt and Dustin Milligan if you like thrillers.
Okay sure you will like Without Remorse.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She has other books, do you like her?
Lullaby was written by Edward Zwick.
I don't have any information on anything else he wrote, but he did write Mansfield Park.
No, I haven't seen it but I heard it was good. Did you know that Stephen Sommers was in it?
It's a great movie. Did you know Tate Donovan starred in it as well?
He was also in No Country for Old Men. Have you seen that one?
It's a great movie! It also stars Sylvester Stallone.
Rocky is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
You might enjoy the boxing movie called Boxing. Sylvester Stallone starred in it as well.
It is a martial arts film. Do you like martial arts films?
You're welcome!
Water for Elephants is written by Sara Gruen. She also wrote At the Water's Edge.
Well, there's Something Wicked by John Green that you might like.
The Age of Innocence was a book written by Rebecca Wells.
No problem.
I didn't know that! I think he was a great basketball player. Do you like him?
I am not a huge fan of basketball but Stephen Curry is my favorite player. What about yours?
What other sports do you like?
Oh wow. What other sports do you like?
Sure! The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time is written by Mark Haddon and was released in 2003. Have you seen it?
He wrote The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time, which is a mystery. Do you like mystery books?
Do you like Marlon Brando because it is an action film?
Yes, it is a Romance film. Do you like Romance films?
Apocalypse Now is a great movie. Apocalypse Now is a Romance film.
Yes, The Godfather Part II is starring Scarlett Johansson and Robert De Niro.
I do! I really liked her in The Matrix. Did you see that?
Sure, have you watch Guardians of the Galaxy, if you liked that.
I do, have a great time!
It's a Romance film.
No problem. Enjoy!
Yes, Meg Cabot wrote The World According to Garp, The Water for Elephants and The Sea of Monsters.
Underworld is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
Yes, Meg Cabot wrote Underworld & Twilight.
You're welcome!
Insomnia is a crime fiction, so are you looking for something like that?
Mark Wahlberg stars in War. Would you like to know more about the movie?
I am not sure of the release date of the film.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Craig Ferguson starred in movies like Winnie the Pooh and Vampire Bats. Have you seen either?
Sure. Craig Ferguson starred in Lorax, and Love Actually.
Saving Grace was released in 2007. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, she is a tennis player. Do you like her?
Oh I know a lot about tennis. I know a lot about Zoey Deutch. Who is your favorite?
Oh wow. What other sports do you follow?
Yes, I do like them. They are owned by M Denise Debartolo York and John York.
Oh yea that's right. I liked Saturday Night Live as a Comedy. Do you like that genre?
Well, I believe the title for this book is The Pelican Brief, which was also written by Madden.
127 Hours is a comedy film. Do you like Danny Collins movies?
If you like James Franco, you might also like You, Me and Dupree and You've Been Warned.
From what I can see, he was in Into the Wild as well. If you liked that one, you might also like The Avengers.
Yes, The Wrestler is written by Robert Zemeckis and Robert De Niro, and it is a drama.
It's a drama. Do you like drama?
Your welcome
Isn't he a cricket player? I think he is from Dehli. Are you a fan?
It's more of an American Football fan. Are you a soccer fan?
Well, I'm a fan of Camerion. He's a midfielder as well.
Yes, The Chronicles of Narnia is a young-adult fiction book written by C. S. Lewis and is part of a series. Have you read it?
He wrote The Voyage of the Dawn Treader, The Silver Chair, The Silver Chair, The Silver Chair. Have you read any of these?
It's a fantasy. Would you like to know more about it?
Glad to be of help
Sure. J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Peter pan.
There are no books similar to Peter Pan, but the book is based on a novel by J.M. Barrie
Yes, The Lion, The Witch and The Wardrobe was also made into a movie.
I'm sorry I don't have that information.
Sure, The author is a writer, a children's literature book.
Jane Austen wrote the book.
He wrote расскаи и овести, ес
That is also by Richard Pevear.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information for that genre.
The Cabin in the Woods starring Kristen Connolly and Johnny Depp.
Yes, she wrote that as well as The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou. Have you seen either?
Yes you are correct and Ty Olsson starred in The Cabin in the Woods.
I'll add it to your queue. Enjoy!
Did you like it because it was a Sci-Fi movie or because it was starring Laurence Fishburne?
Do you like Superhero movies? If you liked that one, you might also like The Incredible Hulk.
Sure! Michael Bay also directed The Lost World: Jurassic Park III: The Cabin in the Woods, starring Al Pacino, and many more
Ok. Armageddon is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Ben Affleck or Owen Wilson?
2006 was the year that released A Scanner Darkly.
Have you seen The Blind Side? It's a great movie.
I recommend Biographies. Also, The Blind Side is a good one.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on the movie. Can I help you with anything else?
I hope you enjoy it!
Venus Williams is a great tennis player. Do you like her?
Not at all but I do know Venus is also ranked in the WTA singles rankings
Venus has a doubles partner as Serena.
Yes, Green Lantern is a great superhero film. Do you like superhero films?
Woman in Gold is a great movie. The Proposal is a romantic comedy. Do you like romance?
I haven't seen The Other Boleyn Girl but I'll check it out. Thanks for the information!
Sure, Do you like Hugh Jackman? He is in a lot of thrillers.
It was directed by Guillermo del Toro
Robert De Niro and Jack Nicholson were in it.
It came out in 2013.
Yes! Superman Returns is a great movie! Did you know that Kevin Spacey also starred in it?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
You've Got Mail is a great movie. You might also like Monsters, Inc. It's a comedy.
Yes, Tom Hanks also starred in Ghostbusters, another action film he was in.
Great, I think you will enjoy it.
No problem!
It was written by Dan Brown. The genre is Science Fiction, Is that what you are looking for?
Techno-thriller has examples: Reamde. what else can i answer for you?
Red Storm Rising has genre Thriller. what else can i answer for you?
Have you seen Marley & Me? It is a romantic comedy.
Yes, it is based on book by Lemony Snicket.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry I don't have any information on that.
Yes, you are correct. In addition to being a writer, I think you'll enjoy it.
You're welcome!
Have a great day!
Yes, Outlander is written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
Yes, Diana Gabaldon also wrote The Voyage of the Dawn and The Other Boleyn Girl.
I'm not sure if she wrote My Own Heart's Blood is a similar book.
My Own Heart's Blood is the second book in the Outlander series.
I don't know much about him other than he plays for Real Madrid.
Not really. I don't follow the international football team much. Do you have a favorite player?
They were. I didn't know Hayden Panettiere starred in The Titans.
Yes, he directed The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Do you like Action/Adventure movies like those?
That movie has the genre Action and Adventure. Do you like action films?
I don't have any information on him other than he starred in any action/adventure films. Do you like that genre?
Wyatt Earp was directed by Frank Beddor.
I love Madonna! She starred in Who's That Girl and Die In Another Day.
I like a lot of Madonna. I think he is a great musician. What about you?
Thrillers are my favorites. One of my favorites is X-Men: Days of Future Past.
I don't really like them. I think they're one of the worst teams in the NFL.
I don't really follow sports, but I do like the Jets. Who's your favorite player?
Yeah, I do know that the New York Jets is coached by Jim Caldwell and Brad Stevens.
Yes, Guy Ritchie wrote Snatch which stars Robert De Niro
Sure! Snatch is starring Robert Downey Jr. and Eddie Marsan. It was released in 2013.
I'm sorry I don't have any information on the release date of the movie.
Sure. I hope you enjoy the movie!
Yes, I know they are a boy band from Seoul, South Korea. Do you like them?
I have never heard of them, but I know they are popular in the K-pop band.
i agree, the hype is the popular song of this year - I recommend it.
Stefan Kapicic starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
Yes, he did. Would you like to know more about Ryan Reynolds?
He's friends with Snoop Dogg. They are both rappers. Have you heard of it?
You're right! Snoop Dogg is a friend with Snoop Dogg, and they both starred in Snoop Dogg.
Yes, he did! Do you like Dj Khaled, who is a favorite of mine?
You're welcome!
She starred in Time Bandits. Have you seen that movie?
Time Bandits was released in 2002. It was a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
Time Bandits was released in 2002. It's a Romance film.
She was also in Twilight of the Ice Nymphs.
Donna Tartt wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read any of these books?
It's a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
She wrote The Little Friend and The Secret History: The Little Friend. Have you read those?
It's a murder. It's similar to Wuthering Heights and Without Fail.
Michael Bay starred in Jurassic Park III and in The Big Lebowski.
I don't know any others, but you might like World War Z, or Man of Steel.
Yes,Dwayne Johnson is in that movie, along with Dwayne Johnson.
I'm glad I could help.
Yes, he plays Cricket for the Mumbai Indians. Do you like Cricket?
Not really, but I know Rohit Sharma plays for the Mumbai Indians. Do you like Cricket?
Yes, I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite?
I hope the commercials win again. What do you think?
She starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wild Ones.
Yes, she was in that as well as Lea Thompson. Have you seen the other of her movies?
If you love that movie, i would suggest You Got Served, You Can't Take it with You.
Yes, I do. Enjoy!
Audrey Niffenegger wrote The Time Traveler's Wife, The Time Traveler's Wife, The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you read any of these?
It is a romance film
Audrey Niffenegger wrote the screenplay for Stan Lee as well.
Sure! Jorja Fox starred in both "Memento" and "Skin Trade."
Memento was written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote the movie Memento.
He wrote The Dark Knight Rises, and The Dark Knight Rises. Have you seen any of those movies?
Batman Begins is added to your watch list.
I am not a huge football fan but I do know that they are coached by Mike McCarthy right?
My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks. Who is your favorite player?
Do you have a favorite football team?
I do but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you have a favorite team?
He wrote Les Miserables, have you read that one?
Yes, Victor Hugo also wrote Les Miserables, which is a classic!
Yes, Victor Hugo also wrote Notre Dame de Paris, je t'aime and Les Miserables.
Yes, Deadpool was a great movie. Another great superhero films is World War Z, starring Ryan Gosling.
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy stars Bruce Willis, Jason Tobin, and many more!
Deadpool was released in 2016. It's based on the Marvel universe.
Sure, no problem!
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I don't really know much about him other than he plays for the Belgium national football team.
Soccer is a great sport to follow. What about you?
Wow, I didn't know that. What team does he play for?
Yes she is. I liked her in Princess Protection Program.
I don't remember seeing him in that film, but I know he is a great actor.
No, I haven't seen it but will check it out.
Yes, Step Brothers was written and directed by Wes Craven. It is a great comedy.
John C. Reilly also wrote Sex and the City, which is an animated film.
It was released in 1997, the same year that When Bad Things Happen to Good People was released.
Sure! The Tragedy of Macbeth was written by William Shakespeare and released in 1606. That is also the same year as the release of The Dark Knight Rises.
The Tragedy of King Richard the Third was written by William Shakespeare.
The Tragedy of King Richard the Third is considered a Drama.
Yes, he is. He also wrote Romeo and Juliet as well.
Sure, he directed The King's Speech, The Damned United, and Les Miserables.
King's Speech is rated PG and X-Men 2. The Kings Speech is rated PG.
The King's Speech was released in 2011.
I don't really like them. I think they are a pretty good team. What about you?
I didn't know that. I know he was a member of the Seattle Seahawks.
Oh yea that's right. I didn't know that. I've been a fan since they were coached by John Fox.
Yes, Nicolas Cage starred in that as well as Nicolas Cage.
I love Rihanna. She was great in What's Your Number and The Perfect Score. Have you seen those movies?
It is a great movie with Taylor Kittredge: Apocalypse Now. Have you seen it?
If you like Liam Neeson, you should also check out The Wildest Dream. It is a great movie.
Yes, he is a singer-songwriter. Do you like his music?
Tennis is a popular sport. Do you like Serena Williams?
I do as well.
Yes, it was a great movie. Do you like movies starring Johnny Depp?
Yes he was. Do you like Michael Jeter? He was in The Rum Diary.
No I have not. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Cool! You should also check out Ride Along.
Are you looking for other books by J.K. Rowling?
Have you read Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban?
Juraiso is a romantic comedy. Do you like Romantic Comedies?
Some good Sci-Fi movies include X-Men, World War Z, and Vanilla Sky.
Yes, he starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and X-Men: First Class.
Some of the stars include X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Jennifer Jason Leigh and Liam Neeson
Some other adventure movies include; Wolverine, The Wolverine, and Van Helsing
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
Sure! Wizard and Glass and The Graveyard Book are two books he wrote.
Yes, Stephen King wrote The Graveyard Book.
Yes, that's true. Do you like sci-fi?
No problem! Enjoy!
Yes, do you like Forrest Gump because it stars Tom Hanks?
I'm not much of a football fan but I do know the Buccaneers are coached by Lovie Smith.
My favorite player is Adrian Peterson
i think he a midfielder
Hopefully they have to make the playoffs.
I'm not really a fan of her music but I do like Battle of the Swords. Have you seen it?
I heard she acted in a lot of movies. Did you see Battleship? She was great in that film.
Oh wow. I didn't know Skarsgard was in a movie too, I wonder if they were friends?
Enrique Iglesias is an actor and composer. He starred in Desperado. Are you a fan?
Yes he was in Desperado. Did you know he is also a musician?
i also like her as well. do you like her music?
Sure! Charlotte Bront wrote Villette and The Professor. Both are classics.
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy The Other Boleyn Girl or The Professor. Both are excellent reads!
Great, can I help you with anything else?
Le Comte de Monte-Cristo was written by Robin Buss and Alexandre Dumas in 1844.
Robin Buss wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo, have you read it?
It was written in 1844 by George Orwell.
Station Eleven was written by Emily St. John Mandel and was released in 2014. Do you like the author or genre?
Of course, I can tell you that Emily St. John Mandel also wrote Last Night in Montreal, a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Last Night in Montreal is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
No problem!
Yes, I am a huge fan of the book The 5th Wave was written by Rick Yancey.
Yes, he wrote The Last Star and The Infinite Sea, are you familiar with those?
Yes, I think you will like The Last Star and The Infinite Sea.
Robert Jackson wrote THe Cuckoo's Calling and The Wolverine. Do you like Thrillers?
King Richard the Second was written by David Benioff
It was released in 1595
The Notebook was written by Nicholas Sparks, who also wrote Two By Two. Do you like Romance movies?
Have you seen A Walk to Remember? It is a historical period drama.
Yea, if you like Water for Elephants, you should check out Beautiful Creatures.
Of course!
I've never heard of it. Is it written by Jamie Ford?
You are correct. Jamie Ford also wrote Songs of Willow Frost.
I believe it is somewhere in the United States of America.
Sounds like a good book.
Batman Begins starred Keanu Reeves. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Have you seen The Civil War? It's a classic!
I'm sorry, I don't have any other information on that.
Are you interested in the book because it is a Speculative Fiction or because it is written by Philip Pullman?
You might also like Into the Dark, The Invisible Man, or The Watchmen.
Have you read The Pelican Brief or The Pelican Brief? You might like those.
Margaret R. Higonnet wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
Yes he did. Do you like his work?
He wrote the Picture of Dorian Gray which was released in 1891.
Robert Galbraith also wrote the Silkworm
J.K. Rowling wrote the Silkworm.
You are welcome.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is a fantasy book. Do you like Fantasy?
speculative fiction
There is The Looking Glass Wars and The Golden Compass
they are all adventure fiction
Your welcome
Do you like J.D. Salinger? He also wrote Raise High the Roof Beam
Yes, Simmons wrote The Catcher in the Rye, which is a novel.
I don't have any information on any other books by him.
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you seen that movie?
Billy Bob Thorton also starred in The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy those films!
Great, I'll add those to your list.
I think Damian Lilliard is he from Oakland? I think he is a great player.
My favorite player is Don't mention it. What sports do you like?
He is a point guard for Oakland, and he is a point guard.
Do you like J.D. Salinger? He also wrote Raise High the Roof Beam
I don't have any information on that. However, you might like The Relic if you like that genre.
I know they are a K-pop boy band from Seoul, South Korea, and contemporary R&B.
Ok. I can't find any classic artists, but I can recommend some music by J.R.R. Tolkien.
Yeah, I like Pink too. I think Shakira is a great performer. I'm also a huge fan of her.
It is a great book written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like her work?
It was released in 2003, the same year that The Poisonwood Bible was released.
I would recommend World Without End if you liked that genre.
Sounds good! You should try Undead and Unwed, if you like that one as well.
I'm always happy to help!
Looper is written and directed by Roland Emmerich. Do you like Thrillers?
yes that is correct. what else can i answer for you today?
have a good day
Sure, A Beautiful Mind is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
He also directed a great movie called A Beautiful Mind, which is a psychological thriller.
You are welcome.
Sure! The Devil in the White City: Murder, Magic, and Madness at the Fair that Changed America was written Tony Goldwyn
He also starred in Someone Like You which is a comedy and The Bourne Supremacy
Sure, Someone Like You is a comedy drama
You're welcome
Catcher in the Rye is a novel written by J.D. Salinger.
He also wrote Franny and Zooey and Nine Stories.
You are welcome.
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Argentina national football team.
A Clockwork Orange was released in 2004. Do you like dramas?
Yes, Shirley Henderson starred in that movie as well as Julianne Moore
You should check out Afraid of Ghostbusters if you like Drama.
Sure! Fiona Stafford wrote Emma. Emma is a romance novel.
Philippa Gregory wrote Wideacre, The White Queen, The White Princess and The White Princess. Do any of these interest you?
It is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, they are both fantasy books.
Glad to help!
Arsenal is a sports team. Do you like sports teams?
I know that they play the Green Bays. I'm a Bears fan myself.
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
Yes, I do. Did you know that Wally Lamb starred in a movie called The Hour I First Believed.
I Know This Much Is True is a Fiction novel. Do you like fiction novels?
I haven't read that one yet. It was released in 1856.
I do too.
I'm not a huge fan fan but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer and Adam Sandler.
Not really a fan but I like the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks. What is yours?
Inside Out is a crime fiction, so are you looking for movies like this genre?
The main star in that movie is Lee Norris who also starred in The Dark Knight Rises
I don't have that information at the moment. But I do know it was released in 2009.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
I do, actually! I think she is very talented. Do you like her music?
Yes, I have heard of that. Did you know she starred in a tv show?
Zoey 101 starred Charlize Theron, she is a great actress.
Yes, just like Selena Gomez.
Downfall is written by James Patterson, it is a war film.
Windtalkers is a war film that was produced and directed by Roland Emmerich. I think you would enjoy that as well.
I'll add it now.
The Catchter in the Rye is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure, you might like The Fault in Our Stars or The Forest House.
Sure, I'll add Wuthering Heights to your list. Enjoy!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Big Hero 6 is a family, animation, and adventure film.
Yes, Wreck-It Ralph is also a Sci-Fi movie.
Yes! That was a great movie. Did you know that Mindy Kaling starred in that movie as well?
Correct! Mindy Kaling was also in the movie Wreck It Ralph was directed by John Carpenter.
No problem! Enjoy!
I think they are a pretty good team. What do you think of them?
Oh yeah. I like them too. Who is your favorite player?
I like Tony Romo because he is a friend of Bill Murray. I like the Giants fan too.
Have you seen the Royal Tenenbaums? It is a Romance film.
Owen Wilson was in The Royal Tenenbaums, Mr. Wilson is also in the movie.
It is more of a drama/mystery movie. You should check it out.
Justin Rose is a professional Golfer from London.
I don't have any stats for him.
I don't have any other information on he's as good as he does.
Sure! Virginia Woolf wrote The Waves and The Waves. Have you read them?
Yes, she wrote The Witch of Blackbird Pond, The Crystal Skull, and The One Minute Manager.
It came out in 1927. It's in the English language.
I hope you enjoy!
Yes, he was a basketball player who played point guard for the Denver nuggets
He is currently playing for the Oklahoma City Thunder.
No I am not a fan of the Cleveland Cavaliers. What sports do you enjoy?
She starred in Time Bandits and The Apostle. Have you seen any of those movies?
Time Bandits is considered a comedy and suspense. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome!
He directed X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Public Enemies, and The Fountain. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, he also directed Sleepy Hollow, which is a drama. Do you like dramas?
It's a Romantic Comedy if you like that genre.
Me too! She wrote Under the Tuscan Sun. Have you read it?
Under the Tuscan Sun was written by Frances Mayes. She also wrote Under the Tuscan Sun.
Hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I do. Did you know she starred in a movie called Valentines Day and The Lorax?
Did you know she starred in a movie called Valentines Day
Do you like romance films?
I don't know much about them. Who owns the Pittsburgh Steelers ?
I like Roethlisberger. Did you know that he is also a musician?
Yes, I like Night Star. Have you read Evermore?
She has also written The Looking Glass Wars, and The Golden Compass.
You're right. I'm sorry I don't have any information on that.
You're welcome.
Yes, James Rodriguez is a Colombian professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder on the Colombia national football team.
I do like American football. What is your favorite team?
I don't know much about Radamel Falcao other than he plays for the Colombia national football team.
Yes, Dead Poets Society stars Robin Williams and Ethan Hawke. Do you like Romance films?
Dead Poets Society is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
There's Dead Poets Society written by Tom Schulman as well as others.
Have you seen Dead Poets Society? It's more of a drama.
No problem.
Yes, John Tiffany wrote and starred in the movie The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
Yes, J.K. Rowling wrote both of them. She also wrote The Silkworm, Parts One, and Two.
Yes, The Silkworm was adapted into a film. The Silkworm stars Emma Stone and Daniel Radcliffe.
Well, Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
It's a suspense. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Sure! The Bourne Identity is starring Matt Damon. Do you like The Bourne Supremacy movies?
The Bourne Identity-The Bourne Supremacy, The Bourne Ultimatum, and The Bourne Ultimatum.
The Bourne Supremacy is starring Matt Damon and Josh Brolin. Do you like Josh Brolin?
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Unbroken A world war II story of survival, resilience and Redemption, have you read it?
She wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption.
Well, for example, Seabiscuit was released in 1981. It's about a race horse. Do you like horses?
Sure, James Mangold directed Walk the Line, which is an action film. He also directed Girl Interrupted, and Kate & Leopold.
Yes, he was in that movie as well as Walk the Line.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
If you like Johnny Cash, you should check out Annie Hall. It's a great romance film.
No problem! Enjoy!
The Great Gatsby is a novel and The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is the next in the series to The Great Gatsby
World Without End is another book you might enjoy.
Well, it's a fiction, I highly recommend it.
Jason Cope starred in District 9 and State of the Union. Have you seen those?
Spud is a comedy drama
I don't know about that movie
Matt Damon also stars in that movie
Yes, he directed The Last Temptation of Christ and The Return of a Man Called Horse.
The Return of a Man Called Horse is a 1987 American fantasy drama film directed by Leonardo DiCaprio.
You're welcome.
Yes, Rob Riggle starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys.
Yes he stars in The Other Guys as well as Unaccompanied Minors and The Campaign.
The Other Guys was released in 2003 and also starred Tom Hanks
You are welcome!
Sure. Morgan Freeman starred in The Long Way Home, The Long Way Home, The Long Way Home, The Long Way Home, The Long Way Home and many more. What kind of movie are you interested in?
You are correct. Ned Bellamy starred in The Green Mile. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, he was in The Contract
No problem. I hope you enjoy it.
Blood Diamond is in the Thriller genre. Is that the genre you like?
Do you like science fiction movies?
He also starred in The Aviator, and The Other Boleyn Girl, have you seen those?
Inception is a great movie. Matt Ross also starred in The Other Boleyn Girl and The Hunted.
I agree, James Cameron did a great job in Titanic!
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, 50/50 was written by Paulo Coelho and Clint Eastwood. Do you like Romance films?
Well, since you liked that movie, I would recommend you to check out The Proposal. It also stars Paul Walker as well.
I don't, but I do know Shadowboxer stars Vanessa Fertilio. She is a great actress.
You're welcome.
Yes, they are. They are owned by Jay-Z.
Yes. The Washington Wizards are also a basketball team.
I have! Nanking is a great movie. Did you know Woody Harrelson starred in it?
Yes, I do. Did you know she wrote These Happy Golden Years?
The Long Winter is a novel that was released in 1953. It is a novel genre.
If you like historical fiction you should check out Wyrd Sisters or Twilight.
I'll play that for you now.
Sure. Erik Larson wrote Thunderstruck
Do you want to know about other dramas he wrote?
If you like Romance and Fantasy, you might also enjoy A Christmas Carol or The House of Sand.
Afraid of Midnight is the next in the series by Erik Larson.
One Child's Courage to Survive was directed by Dave Pelzer. Do you like that director?
It is a sport drama. Do you like sport movies?
Brad Garrett starred in Underdog ,The Pacifier,The Country Bears and The Cuckoo's Calling. Have you seen any of these movies?
Jim Belushi also starred in Who's That Girl, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Pacifier was released in 2003 and was directed by Penelope Wilton.
My pleasure. I hope you enjoy it!
The Devil Wears Prada is a romance film. Do you like romance films?
The Devils Prada stars Anne Hathaway and Meryl Streep
You might like The Looking Glass Wars, it is also a Romance Film
Directed and directed by Ang Lee.
Water for Elephants came out in 2011
Enjoy watching!
Sure, do you like romantic comedies?
James Rodrguez is a Colombian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder on the Colombia national football team.
Yes, he plays for the Colombia national football team.
My apologies. I didn't know that Falcao is a Midfielder on the team.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
Yes, I, Robot stars Will Smith and Will Smith. Do you like Will Smith?
That was a great movie starring Yeardley Smith and produced by James Brooks. Do you like James Brooks?
That movie stars Danny DeVito and Jack Nicholson. Do you like romance films?
It was released in 1999 and stars Danny DeVito.
You're welcome
I don't really know much about them. I think they are owned by Wayne Weaver and Shahid Khan, right?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Which team is your favorite?
Who is your favorite team?
Saina Nehwal is an athlete on the Mumbai Indians team. I remember watching her in the Olympics.
That's right! She was also in the 2012 Summer Olympics. That was a great place to visit.
My favorite sports is the Dallas Cowboys.
He's from India. He was born in Rochester.
You're welcome!
Sure. He wrote Two By Two and True Believer. Both are good reads.
It was released in 2003 and was in English.
He also wrote Two by Two and True Believer. Both are excellent films.
Yes, he was a screenwriter as well.
Yes, he was a comedian and a musician.
You're welcome!
Pulp Fiction was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Kill Bill is the sequel. Sin City was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Uma Thurman also starred in Kill Bill. She was also in it.
No problem. Hope you enjoy it!
Sin City is a great movie. Sin City was directed by David Benioff who also directed Caddyshack.
Sin City is a crime fiction movie. Do you like Robert Rodriguez? He also starred in Zookeeper.
Gentlemen Broncos starred Robert De Niro and Danny DeVito.
No, I haven't seen Gentlemen Broncos.
Kite Runner is written by Khaled Hosseini. Do you like Khaled Hosseini?
Yes, it was, have you seen The Kite Runner or The Kite Runner?
Yes, there was The Kite Runner and The Kite Runner. Have you heard of those?
No problem! Enjoy!
Well, I know that she wrote I am Malala: The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban.
Yes, he wrote Veronika, a graphic novel.
That's right! The Pilgrimage is a Drama Film.
Sure. J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Peter pan.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes, The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald and F. Scott Fitzgerald.
The Great Gatsby was released in 1922.
Yes, I do. Other drama books in that genre include Xenocide, To Kill a Mockingbird, and The Cursed Child.
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is a novel written by Roger Avary.
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button was released in 1925. It's a drama.
The Fighter is a great movie! It stars Micky Ward, Mark Wahlberg and Melissa McMeekin. It's a martial arts film.
Jane Eyre is a novel written by Michael Mason. Do you like Romance novels?
Sure, Villette and The Professor are similar books.
Villette is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like the genre Young-adult fiction?
Sarah Dessen also wrote What Happened to Goodbye, This Lullaby, and The Truth About Forever.
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Me too! He wrote The Amazing Spider Man and The Amazing Spider Man.
Yes, Steve Kloves wrote The Amazing Spider-Man as well as The Amazing Spider-Man.
Bradley Cooper was in that film as well as Emma Stone.
I'm glad to help!
I don't know much about him other than he's a cricket player. Do you like him?
I didn't know that. What type of sport do you follow?
Not much. I am more of a baseball fan.
Baz Luhrmann directed The Great Gatsby and Moulin Rouge.
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio, Tobey Maguire, and Leonardo DiCaprio.
Glad to be of help
Great, enjoy the movie!
Yes, it was written by Meg Cabot. Did you know it was also made into a movie?
There are so many choices. The Golden Compass is a good one if you like that kind of movie.
Yes, it is. It has a great cast.
Yes, that is a good one, have you tried The Princess and the Frog?
Of course! The Call of the Wild was written by Jack London. It's a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
White Fang and Call of the Wild are both historical fiction books.
It looks like To Build a Fire was actually released in 1905.
Beautiful Disaster is a great book written by Jamie McGuire. Do you like his work?
Walking Disaster is a Speculative Fiction, Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
I think you should definitely check Beautiful Sacrifice if you haven't already.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Have a great day!
Sure, Jennifer Lawrence starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse. Have you seen those movies?
Yes, he was, have you seen Silver Linings Playbook?
Meet the Parents is a comedy, do you like comedies?
No problem!
I don't really like football. I think the Arizona Cardinals is a pretty good team.
My team is the Bears. Who is your team?
I don't know much about them as they are a contender. Do they have a favorite team?
Beloved is a speculative fiction book written by Toni Morrison. Do you like that genre?
You might like World Without End, or Wrath of the Titans, which is also historical fiction.
Unfortunately, I don't have any information on that.
I love her music! Did you know she starred in a movie called Beyoncé Knowles?
I don't care much for Liam Hensworth, but I know he is a friend of Clint Eastwood, I think I remember that he is a friend of Taylor Swift, as well.
I'm glad I was able to help.
Sure, The Lucky One is a romance novel written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like romance novels?
Both of them sound good. Nicholas Sparks is also a writer and a musician.
The Notebook was made into a movie. It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
Sure, Jean-Marc Vallée starred in The Three Musketeers and The Swan Thieves. Have you seen either?
Well, from what I've heard, it's a drama, but more of a war film.
Yes, it's about the Queen.
Well, I don't have any information on who else stars in it, unfortunately.
Emily Blunt starred in X-Men: First Class.
Well, if you like Emily Blunt, I think you'll really enjoy The Queen.
Sure, will do.
Fast and the Furious is starring Vin Diesel. Do you like Vin Diesel movies?
I recommend Fast and Furious starring Vin Diesel. It's a great movie
Both Paul Walker and Vin Diesel star in this movie
You're welcome
Did you like the movie because it was a zombie movie or because it was a zombie movie?
World War Z was also directed by Max Brooks. He also starred in The Fast and the Furious.
Yes, I love that movie. It was written by Frank Miller and Vincent Regan stars in it.
Frank Millier also starred in X-Men: First Class, X-Men: Apocalypse, Wedding Belles.
Sure, he also starred in The Wolverine, The Handmaid's Tale and many more.
No problem.
Do you know Cat's Cradle is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr?
Yes, if you like mythology you might also like The Sirens of Titane.
Yes. It was written in English and has a genre of Fantasy.
You too! Have a great night!
Kyrie Living is an athlete
Yeah, he was. Doc Rivers was a point guard as well.
Oh wow. I didn't know that.
Yes I do, Sam Smith is a great singer. I love his music. What about you?
Oh yes she is a great song writer. What else can you tell me about her?
yes that is correct. did you know Sam Smith starred in a movie called Valentines Day
Yes, I do. I think Mike Woodson is their coach. Do you like them?
No, I didn't know that. I know that The Madison Square Garden is owned by Woody Allen.
I like the Philadelphia Eagles, but I don't follow the team much. Do they have a favorite team?
Yes, he wrote the romantic comedy American Pie. Are you a fan of his?
It also starred Chris Weitz. Do you like his movies?
Yes, it is. Warren Ziitz also produced it as well. Have you seen it?
The Day After Tomorrow is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
I did. Didn't it star Robert Downey Jr.?
I'm not sure about him, but I know he was in The Dark Knight Rises.
Oh yeah. That's a great movie by Robert Downey Jr.
I'm not really a basketball fan but I do know that they are located in Oakland. Are you a fan?
Oh wow! That's a pretty good team.
I didn't realize it, but I've seen a few of the Men in Black movies like Space Jam.
Oh yeah! I didn't know that. What a blast from the past!
Madame Bovary is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, it was released in 1856.
Well, if you like Mark Overstall, you might also like Xenocide, The Time Traveler's Wife which was also written by him.
You're welcome.
Ara Celi has starred in American Beauty and also in American Beauty. Do you like drama?
Kevin Spacey did. He also starred in Pretty Little Liars.
Alan Ball also starred in Who's That Girl and The Other Boleyn Girl
Yes, she is. Did you know she starred in a movie called No Country for Old Men.
Yes, she is a pretty good athlete.
Good Deeds is probably one of my favorite romantic comedies.
Yes, Ridley Scott wrote and directed The Legend of Tarzan. Are you familiar with that film?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, All The Money in the World was written by Joel Coen and released in 2003.
Romain Duris also starred in The Good, the Bad, the Ugly, Superman and many more
You are welcome, enjoy!
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on what songs she's written.
Love in the Time of Cholera is starring Kirsten Dunst and Kate Beckinsale, have you seen it?
Shakira was also on the Grammy for Best Original Song of the Year.
I love Coraline, it was written by Neil Gaiman, it is a thriller thriller, do you like thrillers?
It is a Thriller similar to Coraline, which is also a Thriller.
Well, there are a few that come to mind if you like that genre. Another good one would be Stardust, which is also a thriller.
Sure! Wicked City is a Thriller based on the original film based on the original book of a Wicked City was written by Paul Kalanithi. It has a genre of Thriller.
She wrote The Year of the Flood and The Robber Bride. Have you read those?
He wrote Where the Red Fern Grows which was a good novel.
Wilson Rawls wrote Where the Red Fern Grows : Film Executive Produced: The Pulitzer Prize for Fiction
It was released in 1997
Your welcome
Have a great day
The Notebook was adapted into a movie starring Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Romance films?
He also wrote A Walk to Remember and The Notebook. Have you read those?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
You're welcome!
Sure, Tom Quirk wrote Moby Dick which is a drama and The Whale.
That's right. It was released in 1851 in English.
You're welcome!
Yes. He wrote The Best Nest and Go Dog Go!
Yes, it is considered children's literature, historical fiction, and children's literature
Yes, he did write Go, Dog, Go!
Sure, Bob Peck wrote Jurassic Park III and The Gathering.
Surviving Picasso is a satire and biography, do you like those genres?
Sure, some of the actors in this movie include Sense of Snow, Sylvester Stallone, Michael Fassbender
He wrote The Sicilian, and The Last Don. Have you read those?
Yes, it is. Do you like Romance Novels?
You are welcome
Danny Boyle wrote and directed The Devil Wears Prada. Did you see that movie?
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you that he also wrote and directed 127 Hours.
Sadly, I don't have the genre information for that movie.
Brad Pitt starred in Troy, World War Z, and many more.
There is no information about that
Other movies like that is Zombieland
Tracie Thoms also starred in that movie
ok
Sure, do you like Fantastic 4: Rise of the Silver Surfer because it is a fantasy or because it is a fantasy?
Yes, Chris Evans starred in Devil Wears Prada. This movie has genres Action, Adventure, and Adventure.
Hope you enjoy the movies!
Yes, I do. Did you know that she has a brother named named Miley Cyrus?
Did you like Oldboy because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Well, Philip Pullman wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke. Do either of those sound interesting?
Robin Jarvis wrote a book called The Invisible Man, which is a satire.
You're welcome.
Sure. Stanley Corngold wrote Die Verwandlung
Die Verwandlung is a crime fiction. Would you like to hear about other books written by Stanley Corngold?
Zero Dark Thirty is a war film. Do you like war films?
Mike Colter starred in Take Chance, have you seen it?
Yes, Linus Roache also starred in Zero Dark Thirty.
Yeah, I think Mike Colter starred in it as well.
Glad to be of help
Yes, it was written by Ian Fleming and Ian Fleming.
Casino Royale is starring Rory Kinnear and Robert Wade.
It was released in 2003.
Yes, this series was a television series.
You are welcome.
Sure! Did you like it because it was written by David Mitchell or because it was a science fiction film?
A couple of the most popular sci-fi films I can recommend are The Avengers, The Avengers, and Guardians of the Galaxy.
Charlize Theron has been in many films including Theron, Theron and the X-Men: First Class
You're welcome
Great, have a great day!
Taxi Driver has a genre of Thriller, would you like to hear about other films in that genre?
Taxi Driver is a Thriller. Do you enjoy Thrillers?
You might enjoy the Crime Fiction Film, it was directed by Peter Mensah
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, that's a great movie. It's a science fiction movie. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is a thriller. Have you seen it?
The Day of the Jackal is a sequel to The Pillars of the Earth, which is in the Thriller genre.
Yes, Anne Frank wrote The Diary of a Young Girl and The Diary of a Young Girl. Have you read either of those?
Well, Anne Frank wrote The Diary of Anne Frank, which was released in 2002. She also wrote The Diary of Anne Frank.
Well, it's related to Anne Frank, who was influenced by Franklin D. Roosevelt.
Cool, enjoy the book!
Do you like Star Wars, Episode III - Revenge of the Sith because it is Sci-Fi or because it is starring Natalie Portman?
A Time to Kill stars Natalie Portman and Anthony Hopkins. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
He has starred in What Lies Beneath as well. If you haven't seen that one, I highly recommend it.
I hope you enjoy it!
Chris Buck directed Ice Age, The Wildest Dream, and The Big Lebowski. Have you seen any of these?
Cool, you might also like the movie What's Your Number. Have you seen this one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
He wrote Angels & Demons and The Da Vinci Code.
Yes, he is a writer and director. He directed Two Days to Kill and This Means War.
Yes, We Are Marshall is a comedy film.
The Game of Their Lives is a comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, the team is coached by Lovie Smith and Greg Schiano
Oh wow! I didn't know that. What is your favorite football team?
Have a great day!
I do, but I don't really follow sports. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I love baseball. I'm a Redskins fan. What sports do you like?
I'm a Denver Broncos fan. How about you?
Scream is a Horror, crime, comedy, and comedy. Do you like Horror movies?
Yes, Jamie Kennedy starred in Scream 4 and Scream 4
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
The Matrix was written and directed by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
Tom Hardy and Stephen Fry both starred in V for Vendetta.
It is a romantic comedy.
Yes, cornelia funke wrote the book called Pretties. Do you like the author or the genre?
Anthea Bell also wrote Tintenherz. Would you like to know more about that?
Cinderella is a romance novel.
King Kong was written and directed by Andy Weir. It also starred Scarlett Johansson. Have you seen it?
Naomi Watts has starred in Wideacre and The Lord of the Rings. Would you like to know more?
Yes, The Painted Veil is a historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
You are welcome.
Sure! Gary Chapman wrote The Five Love Languages of Children. He also wrote The Five Love Languages of Children.
I'm not sure about those songs, but, I can tell you that it is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Tori Amos is a singer, song writer, and lyricist.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on him. But, I can tell you that he is from California.
Frank Capra wrote It's a Wonderful Life, he also wrote It's a Wonderful Life.
Frank Capra wrote, directed, and starred in It, have you seen it?
Frank Capra wrote It's a Wonderful Life, he also wrote Meryl Streep
Did you know Frank Capra wrote It's a Wonderful Life?
She starred in Un di Velt Hot Geshvign.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I do not have that information at this time
yes. i dont have that
i dont have that information
Yes, American Hustle is a great crime drama. Do you like crime movies?
American Hustle is a romance film. Do you like romance films?
Robert Pattinson wrote The Girl with a Dragon Tattoo. It's a fantasy.
Woody Herman wrote the book called The Girl with a Dragon Tattoo. If you haven't seen that one.
You're welcome
Washington Redskins sucks. did you know Dwayne Johnson is their coach?
Do you like the Raiders?
Yes, I like tennis as well. Do you have a favorite player?
Have you heard of A Good Day to Die Hard? It was produced by Steven Spielberg.
Easy was written by Tammara Webber and released in 2012. She also wrote Where You Are and Breakable.
Where You Are is a good drama that was released in 2012.
Of course! Tammara Webber wrote Where You Are and Breakable.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Have a great day!
Steven Soderbergh directed The Goonies, starring Steven Soderbergh. Have you seen it?
Keanu Reeves starred in The Good German. It was also directed by Steven Kanon.
He has been in so many films, including The Good German, Underdog, and The Devil Wears Prada.
No problem! Enjoy!
Alan Moore starred in V for Vendetta. He also wrote V for Vendetta. Do you like V for Vendetta?
Watchmen was released in V for Vendetta in 2004. It's a science fiction.
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy the movie!
Richard J. Dunn wrote Wuthering Heights which was released in 1847.
Yes, it's Gothic fiction. Do you like that genre?
Great! Hope you enjoy it.
Yes, The Eye of the World is a novel written by Robert Jordan. Do you like his books?
Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards, Rules of Attraction
Rules of attraction and Return to Paradise is a thriller.
You might enjoy Wildwood Dancing or Wildwood Dancing.
You're welcome!
Spirit Bound was written by Richelle Mead. Do you like Richelle Mead as well?
Twilight Series is written by Stephenie Meyer.
Vampire Academy is a series.
You're welcome
Charles Dickens wrote The Old Curiosity Shop, The Old Curiosity Shop, Oliver Twist to name a few. Have you read any of these?
Didn't Leo wrote that as well?
Yes, it is. Have you read anything by Charles Dickens?
Yes, it was a great book.
Great, have a great day
Yes, he directed The Longest Yard and The Longest Yard.
Yes, he was. He was also in Wonderland. Have you seen that film?
Adam Sandler was in that movie as well as Adam Sandler. If you haven't seen Adam Sandler, I think you'll really enjoy his films as well.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them are good ones that he wrote.
J. K. Rowling also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
It falls into the fantasy genre. Would you like me to add it to your list?
Newt Scamander appeared in the Fictional Universe Harry Potter by J.K. Rowling. J.K. Rowling is the author of the book Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is a Crime Fiction. It is also written by JK Rowlings.
Yes, you are correct. The book is based on a book by JK Rowlings.
Michael O'Neill starred in Transformers and Traffic
Traffic and Seabiscuit is a drama/romance and was released in 1999.
Have you seen Seabiscuit? It is a crime drama.
My pleasure.
Andrés Iniesta is a midfielder on a Spain national football team.
Well, I know a few players like Tobey Maguire, Felicity Jones and Juan Ramos.
I hope you enjoy the rest of your evening!
Also similar to The Hangover Part II is Meet the Parents.
It was released in 2004 and also stars Todd Phillips.
You're welcome!
Yes, Woody Allen wrote it. Do you like his movies?
Midnight in Paris is a romantic comedy. Do you like romance?
I like murder mystery as well. Do you like murder mystery films?
You should watch Windhaven if you like murder mystery.
Mansfield Park is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Persuasion is written by James Dashner.
Persuasion was released in 1817.
Yes, Horrible Bosses is written by Michael Mark Kamen and a comedy. Do you like comedies?
I am not sure about Lindsay Sloane, but he starred in The Hangover Part II which is a comedy.
Me too! Kevin Spacey also wrote and starred in The Accidental Husband.
He is a great tennis player. Did you know he is from Switzerland?
Not much, but I know he is a Swiss professional tennis player, who is a great player.
Sometimes, when you get a chance, I think it is the most popular sport in the world. What sports do you enjoy?
Yes, Cornelia Funke wrote Inkheart which is a Fantasy. Do you like this genre?
Inkheart has a genre of Historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
No, but The Giving Tree is a great book.
Sure. Gary Paulsen wrote The Good Doctor and The Great Gatsby. Have you read those?
The River is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
World Without End is a thriller as well. Have you seen that one?
You are welcome! Enjoy!
Shawn Levy directed Real Steel. Real Steel is starring Hugh Jackman. what else can i answer for you today?
Tom Wilkinson and Christian Bale are in that movie. Do you like them?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Did you like the Untouchables because it was written by Kevin Spacey, or because it was a Science Fiction movie?
If you like Crime Fiction movies you should check out White House Down. It's a crime fiction as well.
You're welcome
Have you seen White House Down? It is a crime fiction movie.
I think he is a great soccer player, but I don't know much more about him. What other sports do you like?
Yes he did. He also played Manchester United F.C.
Are you referring to Alice Walker who wrote The Temple of My Familiar?
He wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer and No Country for Old Men.
You are welcome.
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Argentina national football team.
No, I didn't know that.
Do you know Bojan Krunkunk player?
No I didn't know he was a midfielder as well.
Yes I do. It was written by Patrick Rothfuss great author.
Well, Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Wise Man's Fear, and The Name of the Wind.
It's a fantasy novel
You're welcome
Yes, it was written by Kiera Cass and released in 2013.
The Siren is a film. Kiera Cass also wrote The One which is a film. Do you like Kiera Cass movies?
Kiera Cass also wrote The Guard. Have you seen that one?
The Guard was produced by Roland Emmerich and Kiera Cass.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
That was a great movie. Did you like the movie because it stars Justin Timberlake?
Jesse Eisenberg starred in The Social Network. Did you see it?
The movie came out in 2012. Did you know Aaron Sorkin starred in The Other Boleyn Girl?
You're welcome.
Yes, I do. Did you know that he wrote The Man in the High Castle?
It is a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
Great. Hope you enjoy reading!
If you like that genre, you will also try The Other Boleyn Girl. It is a great book.
Yes, I did. Did you know that Slevin starred Morgan Freeman?
He was also in Tron som hatar kvinnor.
Yes, he was in The Godfather movies as well.
You are welcome.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Unbroken A world war II story of survival, resilience and Redemption, have you heard of it?
Did you know that Hillenbrand wrote World War II Stories, which was also a movie.
Yes, it was released in 1982.
You're welcome!
Sure, Do you like Aladdin because it is a family movie?
Aladdin was written and directed by Ron Clements and he also wrote The Little Friend and The Golden Compass.
The Lion King came out in 2015. It also starred Orlando Bloom, Jason Tobin, and Jack London.
You're welcome!
Hemingway wrote To Have and Have Not, The Sun Also Rises, and The Sun Also Rises.
Have you heard of The Sun Also Rises or For Whom the Bell Tolls?
Old Man and the Sea was released in 1926.
No problem!
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Pelicans. Do you like him?
Well, he is a quarterback for the Seattle Seahawks. Do you like football?
I like him too. Who does he play for?
i also like Young Buck. what about you?
Yes, I do. He wrote Into the Wild and Into the Wild.
Yes, White Oleander also starred Susan Sarandon and Peter Kosminsky. It is a Romance film. Do you like Romance films?
White Oleander is a Thriller, Mystery, Romance and Fantasy. Do you like those genres?
Sure! A Grief Observed is written by C.S. Lewis.
A Grief Observed is a fantasy book. Do you like that genre?
Do you like Weight of Glory because it is a fantasy?
I'll send that right now.
Sure! Sharlto Copley starred in The A-Team with Morgan Freeman. Have you seen that movie?
I know they are in the NBA and owned by Woody Allen.
Oh yes! I love the Madison Square Garden. Who is your favorite player?
Oh cool, cheer up the Hornets, which is a great team. Do you have a favorite team?
He wrote Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil, which was turned into a movie.
Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil was published in 1997.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Are you a fan of his? He wrote and directed the movie.
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars which was adapted into a film.
He did! He also wrote Paper Towns, which is a great book.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Germany national football team.
Wow, I didn't know that. Did you know he is from Germany?
Thanks for letting me know!
Yes, I like him too. He is a great player as well.
Gore Verbinski directed Rango, starring Johnny Depp. Do you like Johnny Depp movies?
Well, from what I can tell, Rango is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You are welcome.
The Prestige was written by Christopher Nolan. He also wrote The Dark Knight Rises.
The Prestige is a thriller.
Yes, the writer wrote The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
Matt Damon and Christian Bale are in Memento.
He has starred in Wild Bill, The Dark Knight, The Dark Knight Rises, and many more
Enjoy the movies!
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a popular one by L. Frank Baum.
Yes, the Wizard of Oz is considered a fantasy.
Well, if you like Voyager, you might like The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor.
Yes, Diana Gabaldon wrote The Lady in the Lake series and The Lake of Dreams.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
Enjoy!
Kung Fu Panda is the latest movie.
The Holiday which is a comedy-drama film.
It is a romantic/comedy film.
i recommend you to watch the thriller, Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
yes she starred in that movie as well.
WALLE is a great movie! It's a great children's movie. Do you like childrens movies?
Sure- X-Men: Apocalypse is a good one. It's very funny.
Sure- The Last Stand is a great one-Sy-Men movie.
Yes- State of the Union is a great movie!
Tom Waits and Tom Everett starred in Wolverine.
Crash was released in 2010. Do you like action movies?
It was written by Sarah Dessen and is young adult fiction. Do you like her work?
Sure, you might also like the book, What Happened to Goodbye, which is also a young adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Of course, some other young adult fiction books you might like include What Happened to Goodbye, This Lullaby, and The Tropic Thunder.
Sure! Katherine Paterson wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins, The Great Gilly Hopkins, and The Great Gilly Hopkins. Have you read any of these?
It's part of the Gemma Doyle series.
It was written by Elizabeth George Speare.
I have not seen Ocean's Twelve but I know it is written by George Lucas. Do you like his movies?
Ocean's Twelve stars George Nolfi and George Nolfi.
Awesome! I hope you enjoy!
Robert Lewandowski is a Polish professional footballer. He plays as a striker for Germany.
Not much of a football fan but I do enjoy watching Mesut Ozil run around.
I would have to say I am a fan of SC Freiburg.
Paul Sorvino has starred in several movies including The Stuff and The Rocketeer.
Yes, Jack Thorne is a screenwriter who wrote Harry Potter and The Cursed Child.
It is a fantasy book. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he is. J.K. Rowling starred in both of the Harry Potter movies.
Sure, I can do that for you.
She wrote Snow Flower and The Secret Fan
Snow Flower and the Secret Fan is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
I am not sure about Snow Flower but I can tell you that she is a romantic novel. Do you like her?
You're very welcome!
Do you like Pulp Fiction because it is written by Quentin Tarantino, or because it is starring Tim Roth?
You might also like Grindhouse. That was written by Rob Zombie, who also wrote and directed Grindhouse.
It is a Crime, Drama, Crime, Thriller. Do any of those genres interest you?
Sure, it was written by Stieg Larsson and was released in 2006.
Syeig Larsson wrote The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban.
The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo is a romantic comedy released in 2009.
You are welcome.
You're welcome!
Sure! He starred in We Bought a Zoo and The Prestige. Have you heard of those films?
Wicked is a crime drama. Do you like crime dramas?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Great. Have a great day!
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest is a drama. Do you like drama?
Do you like that movie because it is a Romance or Fiction?
Great, enjoy!
I think he is a great basketball player, did you know he was born in Jerusalem?
You're right. Michael Jordan was in Space Jam. He was a great actor.
My kids love Ghostbusters as well! Do you have a favorite Ghostbusters song of his?
Yes, he did write the Ghostbusters movie with Dan Aykroyd.
Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls.
Yes, Vin Diesel starred in The Fast and the Furious, a crime thriller, also starring Vin Diesel.
Yes, he was in A Man Apart from a comedy also starring Vin Diesel.
You're welcome!
He also wrote Travels with Charley: In Search of America, Tortilla Flat, The Winter of Our Discontent, just to name a few.
Joe Morton wrote What Lies Beneath and Other Stories. Do those sound interesting?
Yes he did and that was a great movie
I will have to check that out, thanks for the information.
Do you like them because they are in the National League?
I'm not a huge football fan but I do watch the San Francisco Giants play at it. Who's your favorite team?
I like action thrillers like Shark Night. Have you seen that one?
Yes, The Paris Wife is written by Paula McLain and released 2011. She also wrote Circling the Sun.
Circling the Sun was released in 2011. It's considered a Romance novel.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
That is a Psychological thriller, do you like thrillers?
Eraserhead has genre Thriller. what else can i answer for you?
Eraserhead is a Thriller. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
The Fault in Our Stars is a popular one that he directed.
Yes! Josh Boone starred in The Fault in Our Stars.
It is a Romance and Drama. Do you like Romance?
You're welcome!
Hotel Rwanda is a drama written by Terry George who also wrote No Country for Old Men.
It was written by Nelson DeMille. It's a war film.
Yes, We Were Soldiers is a war film.
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
Sure! Tammara Webber wrote many books including Where You Are and Breakable
Where You Are was released in 2011. It's a romance novel.
2011 was the year that released You Are Not So Smart. Do you like Romance novels?
Sure, The Phantom Tollbooth was written by Norton Juster. Have you heard of him?
Sure, Peter Cushing starred in Twins of Evil. anything else i can do for you?
OK. Top Secret was written by C.S. Lewis and he starred in Twins of Evil.
Stephen King wrote Revenge of Frankenstein. Would you like to know more about him?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Peter Gallagher starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Resident Evil: Apocalypse, and The Usual Suspects. Have you seen any of these?
While You Were Sleeping has a genre of drama, comedy and action. Do you like these genres?
Tom Everett and Tim Roth were both in it.
OK, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote The Thomas Crown Affair and The Running Man.
Yes, The Running Man is a thriller, do you like action movies?
Some other action movies you might like are The Running Man, The Chronicles of Riddick, and Source Code.
No problem. Enjoy!
I know that Hush Hush is an actor, producer, and a director. One of my favorite Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush is a director.
Some of her other books include What Looks Like Crazy on an Ordinary Day, The Giver, and The Gift.
You are welcome! I also like Young Adult. Have you read this one?
Great! Have a great day!
It was written by Jeannette Walls.
The Glass Castle was also written by Jane Austen
The Silver Castle was released in 2005 and is a romantic comedy.
Your Welcome
Yes, John Carpenter wrote Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13.
Yes, you are correct. The movie he directed was released in 1987. It's a war film.
Do you like Kurt Russell because he was in it, or because he starred in it?
Rhonda Byrne wrote The Secret, The Power, and The Power
I do not have any information on similar books but I can tell you that The Secret was adapted into a film.
He wrote The Secret which was also turned into a film. Have you seen it?
Yes, John Ratzenberger starred in The Last Samurai and The Ladies Man.
Your Friend the Rat is a romantic comedy that was released in 2007. Would you like to know more about it?
Your Friend the Rat is a Rat, you should check that out as well.
You are welcome
Is it the book Where the Wild Things Are written by Maurice Sendak? He is a great author.
Have you seen World War Z? It's a great family friendly film.
Your welcome. Hope you enjoy it!
Still Alice was written by Matt Damon and was released in 1982. Have you seen it?
Did you know that he is also a musician?
Great! I hope you enjoy!
You're welcome!
Sure! Mark Haddon is a writer, screenwriter, poet, and playwright. He wrote The Little Friend and The Red Pony. Have you heard of any of these books?
Yes, The Red House was adapted into a film.
Yes he did and it was directed by Sylvester Stallone.
You are welcome.
Sure! He wrote Here Comes the Boom, which is a book that he wrote.
Kevin James also starred in Zookeeper. That was a romantic comedy.
I'm not sure, but Kevin James also starred in The Cabin in the Woods.
Once Upon a Time in the West was written by Mickey Knox. He also wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
Well, Once Upon a Time in America is a book by Mickey Knox called Once Upon a Time in America with the same genre. Once Upon a Time in America is a book by Mickey Knox.
I don't know who else stars in it, but if you enjoy his comedy, you might also like Catch-22 with Kristen Stewart.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know a little about him. He was a writer and a musician. Are you a fan?
The Order was released in 1985.
Jennifer Ehle is in it as well as Maia Morgenstern
You are welcome.
Yes, The Blind Side is a crime fiction movie. It was directed by Roland Emmerich.
I'm sorry, I don't have any more information on the movie.
Moneyball is a comedy film released in 2012. Michael Lewis also starred in The Blind Side.
City of ashed is a young-adult fiction book written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
Cassandra Clare also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex, another example of this is The Cassandra Clare novel.
Sure, Then you'll like Shadowhunter's Codex by Cassandra Clare, it is titled City of Bones.
You are welcome.
Yes, he directed The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen that?
Yes, he did direct Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban as well.
Yes, I can tell you that it is in the genre of Speculative Fiction.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Mere Christianity is a Romance novel written by C. S. Lewis. Do you like Romance novels?
He also wrote Till We Have Faces, The Magician's Nephew, and The Horse and His Boy.
You're welcome.
I love Paul McCartney! He wrote Yellow Submarine.
Not much of a fan of the Liverpool fan. What is your favorite team?
I have never heard of him. Isn't he on that team as well?
Do you know anything about Paul McCartney, if he has a favorite song?
Laurie Halse wrote Wintergirls, Twisted, The Making of Star Wars, The Crystal Skulls, The Silver Chair, and many more. Have you read any of these?
Wintergirls is a romance novel that was released in 2000.
Sure, I will download it now.
Yes, I am a huge fan of Rihanna. She wrote a few songs like X-Men Apocalypse which is a classic!
ok, Did you know she was born in Rio de Janiero?
Battleship is a drama/mystery film.
Marc Forester starred in The Perfect Score. It's a great movie.
Sure! Marc Forester starred in The Five Love Languages and The Fifth Element. Do you like those types of movies?
It is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Great, enjoy!
Mockingjay is an American novelist, critic, public speaker, essayist, essayist, and director.
Well, there are a few good ones, What the Night Knows, Wildwood Dancing, and When the Wind Blows.
Yes, that is correct.
Jonathan Dayton is an American novelist, critic, public speaker, essayist, essayist, public speaker, essayist, and critic. He writes in several genres but is known best for science fiction.
Yes, he did. Did you know Jonathan Dayton also directed Little Miss Sunshine?
Yes, John was also in Little Miss Sunshine. It is a romantic comedy.
I think it's okay. She has a bit of talent in movies like Little Miss Sunshine.
You're welcome!
It's written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Romance novels?
Nicholas Sparks also wrote To Have and Have Not, When a Stranger Calls and The Notebook.
Yes, it is a drama, similar to The Wedding. Have you seen it?
I would recommend The Giver by Lois Lowry, it is a good book.
The Matrix Revolution was directed by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote and directed The Matrix Reloaded.
Oh yes, Keanu Reeves starred in The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded, The Devil's Advocate, and The Devil's Advocate.
I'm not sure what other movies he starred in but he also starred in The Matrix Revisited.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on what he has starred in any comedy movies, but he has a great cast.
Kevin Bacon was the director.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Simon West wrote The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus which was written by Simon West.
Do you like it because it is a comedy?
I don't have any more recommendations for that movie but if you like thrillers you should watch Shark Night or Zodiac?
You are welcome
I hope you enjoy the movie!
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans and The Light Between Oceans.
Yes, I do. 2012 was written by Roland Emmerich.
Sure. He also directed a number of dramas, including The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and The Other Boleyn Girl, to name a few.
You're welcome.
Yes, I do. Have you heard of Rebecca? It is a great book.
My Cousin Rachel has genre Historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
It came out in 2011.
Your welcome.
I am not a huge football fan but I do know that they are coached by Mike McCarthy right?
I have never been a fan of the steelers. Who is your favorite player?
i like the Dallas Cowboys. who is your fav player?
i think he is a good coach. what do you think of him?
I think they will make it to the sueprbowl.
I am a fan of him. Did you see him in Friends with Benefits? It's one of my favorite movies.
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre? He was in Zoolander.
If you liked that movie, you might also enjoy Better Luck Tomorrow a teen genre film.
Yes, I love her music. Do you like her music?
American Idol has genre Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I never heard of that host. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, she was in that movie as well. It was a great movie.
Rudy is a drama, but Joseph Sikora wrote and starred in The Other Boleyn Girl, which is a sci-fi/fantasy film.
Sure. The Watcher is a thriller, similar to The Watcher is Zathura: A Space Adventure.
Yes, Leonardo Dicaprio starred in The Watcher.
You're welcome!
She wrote Little Altars Everywhere, which was released in 2002.
You might like Vanessa Redgrave, it is also a romance novel. Do you like romance?
Can I help with anything else?
It was written by Emily St. John Mandel in 2014 and was released. Do you like her work?
Toni Morrison wrote The Bluest Eye, Bluest Eye, and Sula
It is a novel
You might like the Bluest Eye if you like that genre
Enter's Game was written by Terry Pratchett
You are welcome
Downfalls is a war film. Other movies in that genre include The Looking Glass Wars, Trojan Odyssey, World War Z, and Trojan Odyssey.
Downfall starred Craig Monahan and Richard Linklater.
You're welcome!
Andrew Stanton directed Finding Nemo, Finding Nemo, Finding Nemo, Finding Nemo, Finding Nemo to name a few.
Yes, he also starred in The Walt Disney Company. Do you like that genre?
Toy Story 3 was written by Andrew Stanton. He also starred in Toy Story 3.
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. He also wrote V for Vendetta.
Have you read "Warrior's Book" or "Warrior's Book?
Well, Unforgiven is also a play written by Harald Kloser and Roland Emmerich.
You are welcome! Enjoy!
He wrote Playing for Keeps.
It's a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 2010. It's a romance movie.
Sure thing! Enjoy!
I have not seen the movie, but I know it was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Ralph Fiennes
Thekla Reuten also stars Annabelle Wallis and Eddie Marsan. Do you like her movies?
Yes, he did. If you like Wrath of the Titans, you might also like Catch-22.
No problem, enjoy!
Sure! He wrote The Golden Compass and The Perfect Score. Have you seen either of these?
Have you seen American Pie? Chris Weitz wrote and directed that. He also wrote The Golden Compass.
No I haven't seen it but I heard it was good. Did you know that Tony Goldwyn starred in it?
Sure, he directed The Secret of the Ya-Ya Sister, as well as The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
Yes, The Nightingale is a young-adult fiction book. Do you like young adult fiction?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on any of her works.
I don't have any more information on those titles, but I'm sorry.
I think he is a great tennis player. Did you know he starred in The Expendables 2.
I like him as an actor in The Expendables 2 but he also starred in The Expendables 2.
You're welcome!
Die Hard with a Vengeance is a crime fiction ,but I haven't seen it
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure! How the Grinch Stole Christmas was written by Annie Hall and stars Morgan Freeman. Do you like her movies?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, The Sneetches and Other Stories is also written by Theodore Lesieg and is a children's literature.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was released in 2014 and directed by Melissa Benoist and J.K. Simmons. J.K. Simmons starred in it as well.
She also starred in The Longest Ride.
It is a Romance film. Do you like Romance films?
Yes it is, similar to To Kill a Mockingbird.
Yes, Faster is a comedy, I think you might enjoy that one as well.
You are welcome.
My favorite team is the Lakers. Do you have a favorite team?
Well, if you like to watch Lakers, I would definitely recommend The Los Angeles Lakers.
Yes, the Lakers would be a great team as well! Do you have a favorite team?
Larissa wrote расска арамаовести, ес, ес, ес, and ес.
I dont have that information at this time but i do know that there is a movie based on a book that was written in English.
You're welcome!
Sure, The Notebook was written by Nicholas Sparks, who also wrote Two By Two. Do you like Romance novels?
Have you read Post-Apocalyptic fiction yet?
No, but the book is written by Suzanne Collins. Do you like her work?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I don't know much about them. Who owns the Washington Redskins ?
I don't know much about Pete Rozelle, other than he was the captain of the Seattle Seahawks.
Wow! I didn't know that. I know Pete was a brain tumor. I wonder if he was a brain tumor.
He wrote Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
Yes, Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life from Dear Sugar is a good one.
You are welcome.
Yes, The Cuckoo's Calling is written by J.K. Rowling and released in 2013. J.K. Rowling also wrote The Cuckoo's Calling.
She has also written The Cuckoo's Calling and The Cuckoo's Calling.
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. Didn't he starred in The Pacifier and The Forge of God?
Yes, it is. It also starred Rob Lowe.
Do you like Crime Fiction because it is a Crime Fiction movie?
Sure, Little House on the Prairie is a Historical Novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes, there is a similar book to Little House on the Prairie that you may be interested in
Yes, Little House on the Prairie is a Historical Novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Venus Williams is a great tennis player. Do you like her?
I did not know that. Did you know that she also starred in Hair Show?
I didn't know that. I know that Venus has a sister named Serena.
Yes, The Lost Symbol is a great seller list by Dan Brown. Would you like to know more?
Yes, he did. Ron Howard also wrote, directed, and starred in Larry Crowne.
Yes, he did write The Da Vinci Code and The Inferno.
There are so many! The Lost Symbol and The Inferno are some of his best movies.
Great choice, some dramas that you may enjoy are The Lost Symbol and The Inferno.
Glad to help
Yes, X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse.
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Definitely! Other action movies you might enjoy are Zombieland, Yesterday Was a Lie, and World War Z. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, I do. I also like The Avengers, another great movie.
Tim Dolin wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
It is a Feminist perspective
Yes, he wrote A Pure Woman Faithfully in 1891
Rick Yancey wrote The Monstrumologist, The Last Star, The Infinite Sea, The Infinite Sea. Have you heard of any of these?
Sutton has many books including The Witch of Blackbird Pond and The Giver.
Enjoy!
Yes, We're The Millers is an animated film starring Thomas Lennon. Do you like animation films?
Thomas Lennon also starred in Paper Towns. It is a romance film. Do you like romance?
I'm glad I could help!
Gone with the Wind was written by Margaret Mitchell. She also wrote Friends with Benefits and A Kiss for Little Bear.
Well, World Without End is a good one. It is also a Romance film.
The Untouchables is starring Jack Nicholson, who also starred in Windtalkers.
No problem!
Did you like the Last Song because it was a Romance film?
Two by Two is The Wedding. Do you like Nicholas Sparks movies?
It is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance?
I know they are a K-pop boy band from Seoul, South Korea, and contemporary R&B.
Sure! Cornelia Funke wrote Inkheart which is a Fantasy. Do you like this genre?
Inkheart was a fantasy movie. Other books include The Looking Glass Wars, The Golden Compass and The Looking Glass Wars.
You're welcome!
Did you like the Hangover because it is a comedy?
It is a science fiction movie, do you like that kind of movie?
You are welcome.
Yes, Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them are some of them.
It's the genre for Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. Would you like to know more about it?
You're very welcome!
Mahendra Singh Dhoni is an actor and he starred in Hook Ya Crook. Have you seen it?
That's a interesting sport to follow in America. What sport do you like?
Robert Duvall starred in The Apostle. It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Sure. Tracy Chevalier wrote The Virgin Blue, The Last Runaway, and The Lady and the Unicorn. Have you read any of these?
The Last Runaway was released in 1997.
You are welcome.
The BFG is written by Roald Dahl. He also wrote Lord of the Flies. Have you read it?
Yes, Going Solo is a children's literature. Other books in that genre include The Fault in Our Stars and The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
I don't see any autobiographies, but I do know that he wrote A Fistful of Dollars.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, the team is coached by David Platt. Do you like him?
Yes, he wrote The Return of Sherlock Holmes, The Lost World, and The Valley of Fear. Have you read any of these?
Are you interested in movies in the same genre?
Sure, Stan Lee also wrote and starred in The Skulls as well as The Maze Runner
Yes, Stan Lee also starred in Thor and The Incredible Hulk.
Sure, enjoy the movies!
It was directed by castle and stars Christian Bale. Are you interested in young adult fiction?
Jon Favreau wrote a book called Favreau. It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Have you seen Jurassic Park III? He produced that.
Great! You might also like World War Z if you like action movies.
Yes, Chris Evans also starred in Captain America: The Fifth Avenger. He was also in it as well.
No problem!
Sure, did you like Sharp Objects because it was written by Gillian Flynn, or because it was a Suspense/Mystery book?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that. However, she wrote Dark Places.
I'm not sure about that. But it was released in 2014.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes, I do. He wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and he also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's.
Cold Blood is a Drama. Do you like Crime Fiction?
Transformers is a Sci-Fi Thriller starring Bruce Willis. Are you a fan of his movies?
Steven Spielberg and James Coburn are in that movie. Do you like them?
Yes. It was directed by Steven Spielberg.
No problem!
Sure, Mark Cotta Vaz wrote the classic, Twilight: The Complete Illustrated Movie Companion, and Matched.
Yes, it's a vampire series.
You're correct. If you like Stephanie Meyer, you might like The Chemist.
You're welcome!
He directed Seven Psychopaths, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Seven Psychopaths is starring Kevin Corrigan and Sean Penn
Your welcome
Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995. Do you like the book because of the author or the genre?
It's a drama that was released in 2011.
You're welcome.
You're welcome!
I know he plays golf. Do you like him?
I didn't know Adam Sandler was in that movie as well. Do you like Golf?
Julia Bowen starred in The Missing. It's about golf, too.
Sure, she starred in Where Rainbows End, The Ice Harvest and The Hunted, among others.
Shailene Woodley and Damian Lewis were both in that movie.
Situation is a drama. Do you like dramas?
The 5th Wave is speculative fiction and science fiction. Do you like these genres?
The only one released in 2016 is The Last Star, which was also released that year. Would you like to know more?
He also wrote The Last Star, which is also science fiction as well.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
No problem! Enjoy!
Yes, I do. Did you know she starred in Valentine's Day and The Lorax.
Yeah, I like her in Valentine's day, as well as seeing her sing. She has a lot of other instruments in the music industry.
Yeah, I didn't know she was in that movie as well, didn't she also star in The Lorax?
He wrote X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse. Have you seen those?
No, but I know it was released in 1999 and directed by Ryan Reynolds.
I like Ted. Would you like me to add it to your favorites favorites?
Great. I hope you enjoy the movie.
Me too! Did you know he starred in Men in Black 3?
I like all the time if I was able to say what is your favorite song?
Yes I like his music too. What's your favorite song?
Do you like Star Wars, Episode III - Revenge of the Sith because it is Sci-Fi or because it is starring Natalie Portman?
Yes he was in it as well.
He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine and the X-Men
Sure! Click was written and directed by Jack Nicholson, who also wrote Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales.
Grown up up was directed by Steven Spielberg, who also directed Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man Tells the Story
Yes he did. Do you like movies he directed?
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Victor Hugo wrote Les Miserables and The Hunchback of Notre Dame
The Hunchback of Notre Dame was released in 1876.
Yes, it was. Would you like me to add it to your list?
You might also like Notre Dame by Gustave Flaubert.
You're welcome!
Paul Thomas Anderson starred in The Stand with Kenneth Branagh and Kevin Corrigan.
I really like Sia Furler's music. She wrote You Lost Me, Wild Ones, and Wild Ones.
Do you like Dance wiv Me and Dance wiv Me. Have you heard any of those?
Yea, if you like Coldplay, you might like Check it out. Do you like any of his music?
Anthony Hopkins starred in both of them. He also starred in Something Wicked This Way Comes. Have you seen that one?
Peter and Paul has genre Comedy. Do you like comedy genres?
Yes, Tom Everett and Anthony Hopkins also starred in Peter and Paul.
I hope you enjoy the movie!
I don't know much about them. I know they are owned by Ken Whisenhunt and owned by Bud Adams.
I think they have a good season. Do you watch them play often ?
I think they will win the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Yes, he was a great basketball player. How about you?
Ok i didn't know that. Who is your favorite player?
I'd have to check Space Jam out. Thanks!
Yes that was written by Shakespeare. Have you read any of his books?
The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet was released in 1626
Great glad i could help.
She is a Romanian professional tennis player. Do you like her?
I do as well as Venus and Serena Williams. Do you have a favorite player?
Oh wow. I wonder if Maria Sharapova was in a relationship with her sister Serena, too.
I don't really like them. I think they are a pretty good team. What about you?
I'm not sure if he coached any other teams but I do know that he coached the Detroit Lions.
I couldn't find any information on that, but I do know it was the Super Bowl XLVIII.
Yes, Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm not sure what genre that is, but Mervyn Peake was also a scientist.
You might like The Prisoner of Zenda. It was also written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on who else stars in it.
I'll play it for you now.
There was a movie based on J.K. Rowling's work. It is based on the original book.
Where the Wild Things Are was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince.
Yes, he wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
Kenneth H. Blanchard wrote The One Minute Manager. The One Minute Manager was an Autobiographical novel.
You Can Win is a Non-fiction book released in 1981.
No problem!
The Fountainhead was written by James Dashner. Are you a fan?
She did write We the Living, which is a romantic novel. Do you like romantic novels?
You're welcome.
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories ?
There are a few similar ones based on that time period, including The Last Templar, The House of Mirth, and Dracula.
Cassandra Clare wrote that book. Would you like to know more about her?
Yes, The Girl Next Door was written by Emily Bronte
She wrote Little Altars Everywhere, which was released in 2002.
Yes, Under the Tuscan Sun is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
No problem, have a great day!
Do you like the movie because it is a romance or because it is a romance?
Yes she did write Go Set a Watchman.
you are welcome
Yes, he also wrote Go Set a Watchman.
Yes, I do. Did you like The Godfather Part II because it was written by Francis Ford Coppola?
I have seen Looking for Richard also stars Marlon Brando and Robert De Niro, have you seen that movie?
Do you like Sci-Fi movies? If you like Al Pacino, you might also like Looking for Richard.
He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Robert De Niro also starred in Vampires, have you seen it?
No problem!
Sure, Seamus Heaney wrote Beowulf.
It is considered a Romeo and Juliet. Do you like Romeo and Juliet?
Beowulf is in English. Some of the original languages include English and Greek. You might like that.
Yes, he starred in The Terminator, The Order, and The Order.
Brian Thompson starred in The Terminator, The Order, and The Order.
Sure, he has been in the most popular action genre films, including The Mechanic, Interstellar, and The Mechanic.
Woody Harrelson, Steve Buscemi, and Steve Carell to name a few.
Here are some of the other actors in that movie he starred in. Catching Fire is one of my favorite
No problem!
He directed Seven Psychopaths, which is an action film. Do you like that genre?
Seven Psychopaths is starring Kevin Corrigan and Michael McDonagh.
Seven Psychopaths, In Bruges is a Psychological thriller.
Yes he is, I agree. He is a great shooting guard, but I don't like to watch basketball much. Do you like him?
I watch a lot of basketball but I don't follow the other teams as well. Do you like it because it's a basketball movie?
Wilson Chandler was great in that movie. I think he did a great job with the LA Lakers.
Would you mind if I search for other books written by Patrick Rothfuss?
Alien is apart of the film series Aliens. Aliens is written by Ronald Shusett. Have you seen the other movies in that series?
Yes he is! He is most well-known for The Matrix. Have you seen that one?
I don't see any of his other films, but I can recommend some horror films if you like horror.
You're welcome!
Yes, The Rosie Project was written by Graeme Simsion and was released in 2013.
Yes, The Rosie Effect was written by Jennifer Egan and released in 2013.
No, I am not sure about that but I know it was released in 2014.
Sure!Antoine Fuqua wrote Olympus Has Fallen, Olympus Has Fallen, and Olympus Has Fallen.
Dennis Hopper was in Olympus. He also starred in The Last Samurai which is a great movie.
He also produced The Fountains of Paradise which is a drama.
War Inc was written by John Cusack. He also wrote The Fallen.
Yes, I do. Did you know he was in a relationship with Cameron Diaz from Shrek?
Did you enjoy it because it was a romantic comedy or because of the genre?
Yeah, I think he has a lot of friends with Will Smith.
The Catcher in the Rye was written by J.D. Salinger. He also wrote Raise High the Roof Beam and Nine Stories.
Harper Lee wrote To Kill a Mockingbird. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, Harper Lee also wrote Go Set a Watchman and The Women of Brewster Place, have you read those?
No problem!
Cassandra Clare wrote Clockwork Angel. Do you like her books?
Yes, The Shadowhunter's Codex was also written by Melissa Marr.
No problem! Enjoy!
I am not a fan of the Yankees, but I do know they are owned by Tom Werner.
Who owns the Yankees, he is the owner of the Yankees.
I am not sure who else have a chance to go to Heart attack, it seems like he has had a lot of losses.
I haven't heard of that one. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I know he is a folklore and is also a musician.
I think she is a great athlete, I think she is a professional badminton player
I didn't watch badminton but I remember watching the Olympics he also participated in the 2012 summer olympics.
I'm like Western Europe, so I'm pretty sure it's a great place to visit. Have you been there?
Last Sacrifice is a Speculative fiction book written by Richelle Mead. Do you like that genre?
The Amazing Spider-Man is written by Stan Lee. It's a great book.
The Amazing Spider-Man is written by Steve Kloves and it has genre Thriller
Yes it was, do you like any other fantasy movies?
ok
Yes, Gillian wrote What Do you Do
Sharp Objects is a Objects novel
What genres of books do you like?
You are welcome
He wrote Heretics of Dune and Heretics of Dune.
Have you heard of Lost in Space? That's a good Psychological Thriller.
The book published in 1980. It's based on the book by William Shakespeare.
Sure, enjoy the book!
Did you like it because it was a romantic comedy, or because it was a romantic comedy?
You might like World War Z, or Wildwood Dancing.
Great, enjoy!
Yes, Eye of the World is a novel written by Robert Jordan. Do you like his books?
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books. The next in the series is The Marvellous Land of Oz.
I'm glad I could help!
You're welcome!
Yes, Little Miss Sunshine is a romantic comedy, are you interested in romance films?
Sure! It was released in 1997. It is a Romance, Comedy, and Drama.
Enjoy!
I've never read it, but I love the Romance novel. Do you like romance?
No, but did you know At the Water's Edge was released in 2011.
No, I haven't. What a great book.
I will have to check that out.
Do you need anything else?
Thank you
Beautiful Disaster is a novel written by Jamie McGuire and released in 2011. It has a genres Thriller and Fantasy. Do you like this genre?
Jamie McGuire starred in Beautiful Oblivion which is a Sci-Fi/Action film. Jamie also wrote Beautiful Oblivion which is a Sci-Fi/Comedy.
You're welcome!
Pulp Fiction was written by Quentin Tarantino.
John Travolta also starred in Zombieland.
She starred in Walk the Line and Self/less. Do those sound interesting?
Woody Harrelson was in that movie as well
Okay, let me know if I can help you with anything else
Sure, he is. He wrote The Shining and The Poisonwood Bible. Have you read those?
Yes, Arsenal is a sports team. Do you like them?
Not really, I'm more of a fan of the Nets. How about you?
I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. What about you?
Jake Gyllenhaal wrote a number of books including X-Men Origins and The Fault in Our Stars. Have you read any of these?
Zodiac was released in 1992.
It's a great movie! Jennifer Ehle is also in it, as well as Laurence Fishburne.
Anything else I can help you with?
Norton Juster wrote The Phantom Tollbooth. It is a good book.
Norton Juster wrote WALL-E which was also in the Fantasy genre.
Yes, it is part of a series.
The Looking Glass Wars was released in 1961.
I know that she wrote The Mists of Avalon which is a Speculative fiction book.
The Mists of Avalon is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
The author is Marion Zimmer Bradley. She also wrote, The Crystal Skulls.
No problem!
Yes, John Ratzenberger starred in The Last Samurai and The Ladies Man. Have you seen either?
Chris Hemsworth and Bill Cobbs were in that movie as well.
It is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, he wrote Lord of the Flies. Have you heard of that book?
The Next Best Thing is a Comedy-drama.
No problem!
I did enjoy O Brother, Where Art Thou, it was written by John Steinbeck, but I haven't seen the movie yet. Do you like O Brother, Where Art Thou because it is a romance film?
Sure! Joel Coen also wrote The Big Lebowski which is an action film.
I am sorry, I do not have that information.
You are welcome.
Anthony Daniels starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
Wally Lamb wrote The Hour I First Believed and The Hour I First Believed. Have you read those books?
Yes, it was released in 1997.
Yes, Wicked Appetite is also written by Janet Evanovich.
Yes, Ken Kesey wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Yes, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest is a film. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was. He was also in The Usual Suspects. Have you seen that?
Similar to Leo Aguero
He was in The Incredibles. Did you see that movie?
That is a Thriller with a lot of people like Leo and Juliet, have you seen that movie?
Lukas Haas starred in The Other Guys which is a Romance film.
I am not sure what else they played in, but they also starred Tom Hanks, who is a great actor.
ok
Yes, The Voyage of the Dawn Treader was written by J.R.R. Tolkien
The horse and his boy is a good one, as well as The Silver Chair.
The Silver Chair is a fantasy and The Wardrobe is a fantasy.
Yes, Neill Blomkamp starred in District 9 and District 9 which is a Thriller. Do either of those sound interesting?
Yes, it is a thriller, similar to Zombieland.
Yes, Kyla Pratt was in it as well.
You're welcome!
She starred in the movie Call Me Maybe, did you know that she was in that movie?
Call Me Maybe was really good. It's kind of a classic! She also has a soulful voice.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Manchester United and the Brazil national football team.
Javier Hernez is also a midfielder on the Mexico national football team.
I believe he is from Mexico but I don't know much more about him.
Bobby Farrelly wrote There's Something About Mary and Stuck on You?
If you like comedy films, you might enjoy There's Something About Mary or Stuck on You, which is in the comedy genre.
Sure, Jim Carrey starred in Inside Job. He was also in No Country for Old Men.
Have a great day!
Yes, he is a point guard for the Timberwolves. Do you like him?
Well, from what I've heard, he has a comeback. Would you like to know anything else?
Who is your favorite player?
Of course! Number the Stars is written by Lois Lowry and the genre is Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
Lois Lowry wrote it as well, it falls under the Speculative Fiction genre.
Glad to help!
He wrote The Twits, which is a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
He wrote The Twilight Saga, The Wizard of Oz, and The Witching Hour. Have you read any of those?
It is also a fantasy, so I think you will like it!
In 2011. Would you like to know anything else about this movie?
You are welcome.
Will Grayson is a young-adult fiction book written by John Green, who also wrote The Fault in Our Stars and The Handmaid's Tale.
He also wrote Paper Towns, Looking for Alaska, and Looking for Alaska.
You are welcome. Have a great day.
Yes, Ashes to Ashes is a similar book
The Firm is a Psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Aldous Huxley wrote The Doors of Perception
Yes, The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell was released 1956. Also, The Last Man written by Lois Lowry.
Yes, The Last Battle was released in 1956. That was the same year The Last Battle was released.
You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Yes, he also wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Yes, Stephen Hawking wrote The Universe in a Nutshell, which is also a book.
Glad I could help!
No problem!
Mary McDonnell starred in the Action/Adventure Film Scream 4. Have you seen that movie?
You might also like the Action/Adventure movies that Robert Redford starred in.
That is a great movie. Did you know Robert Duvall starred in that as well?
Scream is Action/Adventure movies.
He wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames, When You Are Engulfed in Flames, and When You Are Engulfed in Flames.
When You Are Engulfed in Flames is a Psychological Fiction. Do you like this genre?
Yes, it was released in 2008.
You're welcome
Yes, I love her music! She is very talented!
I didn't, but I've seen her in Valentine's Day, which is a classic!
Yes, that's right, I really like her as well.
Robin starred in the movie A.I. Artificial Intelligence. Have you seen that movie?
Did you know that he also starred in The Fountainhead, another comedy that is a comedy too. Have you seen that one?
Yes he was in that movie as well as Danny DeVito. Have you seen it?
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure! The Bourne Identity is starring Matt Damon and was directed by Tony Gilroy. Do you like movies starring Matt Damon?
Yes, he did. Do you like Thrillers like that one?
Sure! You might also like Catch-22 which is a thriller that also stars Sean Penn.
No problem! Enjoy!
Sure, Christopher Bigsby starred in The Crucible and All My Sons.
The film starred Christopher Bigsby and is considered a drama. Do you like dramas?
Sure, you might like The Crucible, you should check it out, or you should check it out.
Yes, I can. It was written by William Shakespeare.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about him other than he's a basketball player.
I don't know much about him other than he played Basketball. Do you like him?
You might like Space Jam. It's a great sport to watch.
He played the point guard. You like basketball?
Sure! Mary Harron wrote The Scorpion King and The Mask. Have you seen either of these?
Mary is a crime fiction movie
your welcome
I am not sure but i can tell you that
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Would you like to hear about other movies with him in it?
Yes, he wrote The Matrix Revisited and The Matrix Revisited.
He directed the Matrix Revisited, which is a crime fiction film.
He wrote The Time Traveler's Wife and The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you heard of either?
Bradley Cooper was one of the leading actors in Allegiant. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Well, from what I can tell, it's considered a thriller.
He wrote The Light Between Oceans, The Light Between Oceans, The Light Between Oceans, The Light Between Oceans.
The Light Between Oceans is a mystery novel. Do you like mystery novels?
Yes, Roland Emmerich starred in The Light Between Oceans. He also starred in The Princess Bride.
You are welcome.
Yes, he is a singer, songwriter, and he is also a musician and a musician.
Well, he starred in The Hangover, The Skull, The Other Boleyn Girl, The Puppet Masters. Have you seen any of those?
Fool's Gold is starring Kate Beckinsale and Kate Beckinsale.
Yes he did. He also starred in Fool's Gold with Liam Neeson.
You're welcome.
He starred in The Apostle. Have you seen that movie?
The Apostle is a good one he wrote
You are welcome
Yes, I did. Did you know that Taxi Driver is starring Kevin Costner?
If you like Taxi Driver, you might enjoy Citizen Girl, starring Paul Schrader. Have you seen that one?
Enjoy the movies!
I don't know much about Luis Suarez, other than he plays for the Uruguay national football team.
Yes, Liverpool F.C. is also a midfielder.
Yes he is. Do you follow any other sports?
The Patriots are coached by Tom Brady. Do you like them?
The Half-Blood Prince is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
That is correct. I hope you enjoy it.
Do you like fantasy books? If so, you might also like The Looking Glass Wars.
Yes, O Brother, Where Art Thou was written by Francis Ford Coppola and released in 1996. It was considered a Romance film.
Troy stars Martin Scorsese and Oprah Winfrey.
No problem. O Brother, Where Art Thou was released in 2001. It is a Crime Fiction.
You're welcome!
A Streetcar Named Desire was written by Tennessee Williams and is a Southern Gothic novel. Do you like this genre?
That is also a good one as well.
It's a drama that was released in 1945. It was written in English.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Hayao Miyazaki has starred in The Hobbit and The Emperor of Dune.
Ponyo starred in a lot of movies.
Yes, Yuria Nara also starred in The Third Generation and The Other Boleyn Girl.
You're welcome!
Yes! He is a great Athlete. I think he is best known for his table tennis ability.
I don't remember seeing that. Do you like table tennis?
2004 was the year that olympics was released.
I like the Giants because they are owned by Bill Neukom. Do you like them?
Yes, they were a very good team. Do you like them?
Not really, I am more of a Steelers fan myself.
I don't know much about soccer, but I know they are coached by Louis van Gaal.
Not really, but Louis van Gaal coached Manchester United F.C.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who's your favorite team?
Horse and His Boy is more of a children's story but it was written by John Steinbeck.
How about The Cat in the Hat, How the Grinch Stole Christmas and The Cat in the Hat?
You're welcome
Sure. She wrote In Her Shoes, a romance novel. Do you like romance?
Did you know that Susannah Grant wrote The Collected Poems?
Girls Night in Bed is a romantic comedy. Do you like romance movies?
Me as well!
Great, have a great day!
Have a great day!
Yes, Odd THomas is written by John Carpenter and stars Christian Bale. Are you familiar with his work?
You're right, Odd Thomas is actually a movie. It's in the genres of Fantasy and Adventure.
Worth Dying For was written by Robert Zemeckis. It's also a movie.
Jane Austen wrote Sense and Sensibility.
Pride and Prejudice is a speculative fiction novel. Another one you might like is Sense and Sensibility.
Well, if you liked that one, you might also like Sense and Sensibility, which is a classic!
You're welcome!
Titanic was directed by James Cameron. Do you like James Cameron?
You might like The Voyage of the Dawn Treader, which is also a romantic film. Do either of those interest you?
Yes, Divergent was adapted from the book by Veronica Roth. Would you like to know more about the movie?
You might like World Without End or Underworld.
Me too! She starred in The Proposal and Step Up. Have you seen those movies?
Yes, she was in The Proposal alongside Sandra Bullock.
It is a romantic comedy
You are welcome
Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors, The Secret of Joy, and The Other Boleyn Girl.
They Do it with Mirrors has a genre of Comedy and Comedy.
Yes, You Do it with Mirrors is a thriller, so you might enjoy it.
Yes, I do. She starred in The Special Relationship and The Queen. Have you seen either of those?
I'm sorry I don't have any information on that.
Both of them are great movies. Mirnanda Richardson starred in both of them.
He directed Red Cliff, Windtalkers, and many more.
Red cliff is a Thriller.
You might enjoy the War film he stars in. It is also a war film.
You're welcome!
Sure, Madagascar was written by Madagascar starring Liam Neeson. Do you like Thrillers like that genre?
Madagascar has genre Historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Edgar Wright wrote The Stand, which is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Well, if you like action, The Worlds End is a Romance film. Do you like Romance and Fantasy?
Yes he did. Shaun of the Dead is a sci-fi movie starring Zoey Deutch.
I hope you enjoy the movie!
Isn't he a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics?
I do, he won the NBA All Rookie Team of the Year Award.
I'm not sure but I know he is a point guard and a point guard
A Grief observed is a book written by C.S. Lewis.
He also wrote Till We Have Faces, The magicians Nephew, and The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
You're welcome!
Andy Murray is a great tennis player. How about you?
Well, I don't know much about him either. I know he is from London.
Really? I didn't know that. I know he is a famous tennis player.
I didn't know that. I wonder what sport that he plays for?
He wrote Fast Food Nation : The Dark Side of the All-American Meal and starred in McLibel
Yes. Do you like Walt Whitman? He wrote and directed that movie.
It is a children's literature. Do you like childrens literature?
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! He starred in The Skulls. It's a thriller.
The Fast and the Furious is starring Vin Diesel.
Yes, Paul Walker was in The Skulls with Hill Harper.
I don't remember when he passed, but he was in The Kill Order.
Peter Krause starred in The Truman Show, The Secret Life of Bees, The Dharma Bums, and The Dharma Bums. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, The Truman Show is a Comedy. Do you like Comedy?
You're welcome.
Yeah, I know he is an athlete, plays cricket for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
Fannie Flagg wrote Wizard and Glass, have you read that?
I Still Dream About You is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
I am not sure about any other psychological thrillers. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
Toy Story 3 is starring Tom Hanks and Tim Allen.
Yes, Andy is a great actor. Have you seen Toy Story and Toy Story 3?
Well, Andy was a prolific actor who starred in Toy Story 3 and also starred in Toy Story 3.
Absolutely! Do you like Memento because it is written by Jonathan Nolan?
Have you seen The Lost City of Faar? It's a psychological thriller.
Mark Camacho starred in Wicker Park. Would you like me to play it for you?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, he wrote The valley of hoarse which is genre fantasy.
Well, if you like that genre, you might also enjoy "The Clan of the Cave Bear" or "The Plains of Passage."
Yes, it is.
You're welcome!
The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan and is a Young-adult fiction book. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Of course! He wrote The Battle of the Labyrinth and The Son of Neptune. Do either of those sound interesting?
Yes, he did write that as well as The Son of Neptune. Do you like either of those genres?
I don't know much about him other than he plays German football.
Didn't Mesut Ozil also play for FC Bayern Munich II?
I don't know much about him either. Is he a midfielder?
I am not much of a football fan but I do know that he has a good season.
oh ok I didn't know that. What sports do you like?
You should watch Remember the Titans then.
Sara Shepard wrote Pretty Little Liars, have you heard of it?
Yes, she is most famous for being a voice actor on that show as well.
Glad to be of help
Yes, I do. Did you know it was written by Orson Scott Card?
Yes that is a great movie. Do you like Romance Films?
That is a Romantic Comedy that also stars Kate Walsh.
Of course! Enjoy!
No problem!
Do you like Grapes of Wrath because it is a Novel?
It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction books?
The Secret River is a novel by John Steinbeck, based on the novel The Grapes of Wrath.
I know that Chelsea is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
I actually don't follow football closely, but I do know that they are in London. I love the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
I am not sure but I do know that Kepa has a team name name in London as well.
I actually don't have any information on what countries they play in.
I'm not really a football fan but I do know they are coached by Pete Carroll. Do you like them?
He wrote Der Steppenwolf and Das Glasperlenspiel. Do you like him?
Brandon Sanderson wrote Radiance and Warbreaker, have you read those?
Yes he did, The Hero of Ages is Science Fiction. Do you like science fiction?
Yes, NARUTO was released in 2008
Great, hope you enjoy!
It's a crime thriller starring Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
If you like Robert Downey Jr., he also starred in The Dark Knight Rises which is a crime thriller.
If you like action films, you might also like The Avengers or Guardians of the Galaxy. Both of those are highly recommended!
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse. Have you seen any of those?
X-Men 2 stars Jennifer Jason Leigh and Laurence Fishburne.
Yes, it is a Thriller, similar to Zombieland.
I like that movie as well, some super hero thrillers are Shark Night, starring Kyla Pratt and Dustin Milligan
You are welcome.
Yes, Unbreakable is starring Bruce Willis and is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Yes, The Devil Wears Prada is another one of my favorites. Have you seen that one?
I would also recommend the movie X-Men: First Class.
Glad to help!
Terry Gilliam wrote The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus which has genre in Adventure.
The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus has genre Thriller, do you like Thrillers?
You're welcome
Have a great day!
Sure, The Lucky One is a romantic drama, are you interested in this genre?
Have you read The Notebook or The Time Traveler's Wife? Those are some good ones.
The Wedding was a romantic novel that was released in 2000. It is based on a book that was written in English.
Yes, Zane Grey was a romantic novel.
You're welcome.
The Wolf of Wall Street stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like his movies?
Yes, Mastering the Art of French Cooking is also a non-fiction. Another non-fiction book you might enjoy is The Golden Compass.
Enjoy!
Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses.
You might like The Clan of the Cave Bear. That was written by Jean M. Auel.
You're welcome!
Callum Rennie starred in Fifty Shades of Grey and Jigsaw. Have you seen any of those?
Callum Rennie starred in eXistenZ. what else can i answer for you today?
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. He also wrote Lolita
It was written by Neal Stephenson.
Another good book I would recommend is Film Executive Produced by Robert Louis Stevenson.
Gillian Flynn wrote Dark Places. She's a fan of the author, Gillian Flynn. She's a prolific writer. Do you like the author, Gillian Flynn?
The Scar is based on a novel by Chester Bennington, based on a novel by Thomas Hardy, based on the novel by Thomas Hardy, the author of the book.
The Theory of Everything was directed by Kurt Wimmer, do you like Kurt Vonnegut Jr?
Lames Marsh also directed The Theory of Everything as well as The Legend of Tarzan. Do you like his work?
The King is a drama movie starring Ned Beatty who also starred in The Houri.
Total Recall is a movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Would you like to watch it?
He also starred in The Ice Harvest and The Hunted.
Ronny Cox also starred in Alice in Wonderland.
You are welcome.
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories ?
Vanishing Acts is considered a horror novel. Do you like horror books?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information, but I can tell you that The Haunted is a novel.
Brave was directed by Mark Wahlberg who also wrote Brave. If you like kids movies, you might also like A Bug's Life or Monsters Inc. Have you seen those?
Have you seen Toy Story? It is also a family film.
You're welcome.
He is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Brazilian national team.
Yes, I think he is from Rio de Janeiro
Yes she does, do you know who also plays for them
Yes, I do. He wrote The Bourne Supremacy, The Shadow, and The Bourne Ultimatum. Have you read any of those?
Yes, J. R. R. Ward also wrote A Christmas Carol, which is a drama.
It stars Jennifer Ehle and David Oyelowo.
Definitely! Enjoy!
Isn't he an athlete on the Mumbai Indians?
Did you know Harbhajan Singh played for Mumbai Indians.
Yes, it was a great sport in West. It was a great game.
Sure! She wrote If You Take a Mouse to the Movies If You Give a Pig a Party, If You Give a Pig a Party, If You Take a Mouse to the Movies, If You Take a Mouse to the Movies, If You Give a Pig a Party, If You Give a Pig a Party, If You Give a Pig a Party. Have you read any of them?
Yes, that was the year that released You Are Not So Smart.
I don't know much about the book. If you Give a Mouse a Cookie was released in 1985.
You are very welcome!
Yes, Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
Great! Sounds like a great book!
Harold Ramis was in Wild Bill, Why Did I Get Married Too. Have you seen that one?
Since you like comedy, Harold Ramis, you should check out Zoolander.
Groundhog Day is a comedy movie with Bill Murray in it is in the comedy genre
Steve Jobs was written by Walter Isaacson.
Are you a fan of the book Wither books?
Yes, Sever and Fever is a great read, have you read it?
Hello, yes I do. Erin Morgenstern wrote The Night Circus and The Night Circus.
The Last Song is written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Nicholas Sparks books?
Yes, True Believer was also written by Nicholas Sparks. It has a genre of Romance and Crime.
Nicholas Evans also wrote The Wedding. It is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
It is a Crime Fiction, similar to Wrath of the Titans.
No problem!
I like the cowboys. I think they are a great team. What about you?
You're right! I love the Tennessee Titans as well.
Yeah, they're great. Did you know he was born in Montgomery, Pennsylvania?
Yes, he is an Indian cricketer and plays for Pune Warriors India and Kings XI Punjab.
Yes, he was in Slumdog Millionaire.
If you like horror films, you might also like The Apostle. It's an Indie film.
Harper Lee wrote To Kill A Mockingbird. Would you like to know more about it?
To Kill A Mockingbird is written by Harper Lee. Do you like her books?
You are welcome.
I think she is a great athlete, I think she is a professional badminton player
I have heard of him. Didn't he play for the Mumbai Indians?
Yes, I know Serena Williams is a tennis player.
Adam Levine starred in The Wackness, The Other Woman, and The Other Woman. Have you seen any of those?
Bahati Prinsloo is a famous singer.
It is known as a Psychological thriller. Do you like those genres?
Kick Ass starred Nicolas Cage, Matthew McConaughey, and Nicolas Cage.
Kick-Ass is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers like that genre?
Nicolas Cage was the director of the movie.
Nicolas Cage also starred in Lord of War. Have you seen it?
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is an action and adventure film.
Nicolas Cage starred in Lord of War, Lord of War and Omar Benson.
You are welcome.
Yes, he's a singer, song writer, singer, and songwriter
Zakira Hussain is very talented. I like his music. I think he is a great pianist.
I don't know much about him. I think he is from Compton and is also a musician.
Inside Man is a Thriller starring Denzel Washington. Denzel Washington starred in Inside Man. what else can i answer for you today?
You should check out Zoolander, if you haven't seen that. It's a thriller.
Well it's about a man who is suddenly able to speak to the wrong name. If you like thrillers, you should check out Zoolander, if you liked that.
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, it's a great movie. It's written by Steven Spielberg.
Do you like Liam Neeson because it is an action movie or because it is an action movie?
Sure. Schindler's List is a historical drama. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
The Great Gathering Storm is the next book in the series by the same author.
That's the only book I can find from this author.
Great. Then you might like The Looking Glass Wars. It was also written by Frank Beddor.
Great. If you like Fiction you should check out Toy Story.
Sure! The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn is a series written by Mark Twain. Did you know that he is also a writer?
Sure! Lucia Graves wrote La sombra del viento, El prncipe de la niebla, El prncipe de la niebla, El palacio de la niebla, El palacio de la niebla, El palacio de la niebla, El palacio de la niebla
I don't, but Lucia Graves did write La sombra del viento.
No problem! Would you like to add El juego del viento to your list?
No problem!
Of course, she is an author, she is an actress, and an actress.
It was released in 1981. Have you seen that one?
She starred in The Muppets as well as Lady Gaga.
Lady Gaga dated Hayden Panettiere from the United States of America
I don't really like them. I think they are a pretty good team. Do you like them?
I like Lamar Jackson because he is from Santo António.
Do you need any other information?
Do you like Spirit Bound because it is a paranormal romance, or because it is a paranormal romance?
Of course! Other Young-Adult Fiction books include Frostbite, Shadow Kiss and Blood Promise.
Shailene Woodley and Sam Trammell both starred in The Fault in Our Stars.
Yes, some other ones you might enjoy are Looking for Alaska, Wrath of the Titans, and Water for Elephants.
Yes! Number the Stars is written by Lois Lowry.
Lois Lowry wrote; Anastasia Krupnik, Anastasia Krupnik, and We the Living. Are you interested in any of these?
The Giver is a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Christopher Bigsby wrote The Crucible and All My Sons.
Have you read The Crucible by Christopher Bigsby?
Sure Moonrise Kingdom was written by Wes Anderson. He also wrote The Kingdom of the Crystal Skull
The Swan Thieves and The House of Sand just to name a few. Have you seen those?
It's also a romance film. Do you like romance films?
Of course! I hope you enjoy!
Yes, Pulp Fiction was written and directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Pulp Fiction was released in 1996 and stars Samuel L. Jackson. It is considered a crime fiction, a drama, and a psychological thriller.
He was also in The Apostle. Have you seen that movie?
Sorry, I don't have that information. However, Silent Hill is a crime fiction movie.
I liked her in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Have you seen that movie?
She starred in the Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I love her music. Did you know she was in Men in Black 3?
Have you heard of Wanna Burnt? She wrote that song.
It's pop, but it's more of a classic.
Sure, Colleen McCullough wrote The Thorn Birds and The First Man in Rome.
The Thorn Birds was released in 1977 and was also made into a movie.
Yes, The Assassin and the Underworld is another one you might enjoy.
Alison Doody starred in A View to a Kill and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Have you seen either of those?
The Last Crusade was released in 1982.
Harrison Ford and Kenneth Mars were in it as well
Enjoy!
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban is part of a series. The next in the series is Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets.
You might enjoy The Looking Glass Wars or The Golden Compass.
Enjoy!
Daphne du Maurier wrote Rebecca and Rebecca.
Rebecca was released in 1937.
No. I don't have any information on that.
Yes, I do! He wrote The Muse which was also made into a movie.
The Muse is a great movie! The Muse is starring Bruce Willis. Do you like his movies?
I do! It was directed by Ben Stiller. It was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
Do you like movies with Steve Carell in them? If so, I would suggest The Incredibles.
Yes, Steve Carell starred in the movie. Do you like his movies?
No problem, I am happy to help.
Wilson Rawls wrote a number of short stories, including To Have and Have Not, The Island, and The Cuckoo's Calling. Have you read any of these?
She wrote a novel called Beloved a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You are welcome.
You are welcome!
The Terminator is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
You should check out Men in Black 3. It was a romantic comedy.
You're welcome!
I don't really like them. I think they are a great team. What do you think of them?
Tom Brady was a quarterback who was in the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
That's a great movie! Have you seen Gisele, Gisele, and her husband?
He wrote The Yellow Submarine, starring Paul McCartney.
He's a great song writer. One of his most famous songs is Don't Go Breaking My Heart.
Sure, Ant-Man was written by Stan Lee. He also wrote The Dark Knight Rises, The Dark Knight Rises, and Captain America: The Dark Knight Rises.
I haven't seen any of them but if you like comic book movies, you might like Kung Fu Panda or Tarzan, you might like those.
You might like The Monuments Men or The Manchurian Candidate then.
You're welcome.
You're welcome!
Pearl Harbor was a Romance film that was released in 2002. Do you like Romance films?
I am sorry, I don't have any other information about Pearl Harbor.
Yes, I love that movie. It was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets.
There is a sequel called Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets.
Stieg Larsson wrote that one as well. If you like his movies, you might also like the sequels.
You are welcome.
I think he is a really good basketball player, but I don't know much about him.
Oh yeah, I like basketball too. What's your favorite basketball player?
It does! Kevin Durant also starred in it as well. It's a great movie!
Space Jam? I loved Hoosiers in that movie. It's a great comedy.
Rebecca Skloot wrote The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks and The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
It is a Science Fiction and Psychological Thriller. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome.
The Denver Broncos are coached by Jim Caldwell and John Fox. Have you heard of them?
Yes, the Packer is a football team.
I like the Dallas Cowboys better. How about you?
Robert Duvall starred starred in The Apostle. Have you seen that movie?
The Apostle is a romantic drama film. Aside from Duvall, he also starred in The Apostle. He also starred in The Apostle.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yeah, I think he is a great athlete. Isn't he a snowboarder?
I don't know that information, but I know he starred in Pirates of the Caribbean movies.
I wonder if he starred in Snow White and the Huntsman. Have you seen it?
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like sci-fi movies?
If you like science fiction you might also enjoy The X-Men, The Last Stand or The Dead Zone. Both are excellent choices.
Bradley Cooper is one of the stars in that movie. It was released in 1968.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Pelicans. Do you like him?
Did you know he is a former orleans saints player?
I have seen Wesley Snipes but I have heard that he also starred in The Last Samurai.
Yes, Last Sacrifice is a young adult fiction book written by Richelle Mead. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Last Sacrifice is genre Suspense.
Yes, if you like Vampire Academy, you might like The Golden Compass
You're welcome
Divergent was written by Veronica Roth. She also wrote The Giver. Have you read that one?
The genre for The Hunger Games is Young-adult fiction.
Do you like The Very Hungry Caterpillar because it is a romance novel?
Yes, he did. The Very Hungry Caterpillar was also written by him.
Zooey Deschanel is a great one.
Yes, White Fang is in the Speculative Fiction genre.
Yes, he wrote a book called Fast and Furious as well.
You are welcome.
Bruce Greenwood starred in The Republic of Love and The Republic of Love. Have you seen either of those?
Jackie Burroughs also starred in The Republic of Love.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him, he's a quarterback for the Green Bay Packers right?
I don't have any information on that at this time. But, I do know that Aaron Rodgers has a brother named Jordan.
Mike McCarthy also played for the Green Bays.
Yes, she wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian
World War Z is a horror book she wrote that. Have you read that?
No I do not but I can tell you that Emile Zola was influenced by Vladimir Nabokov and Emile Zola.
You are welcome.
That's a great book. The Sixth Sense is a similar book.
Yes, Do you like the Winnie-the-Pooh series?
Yes, you are correct. I think you will enjoy it.
No problem!
My favorite player is Jason Kidd. What about you?
I don't know much about him. But, I know he was in the 2004 NBA Finals.
I don't know much about Greek Freak. I'm more of an Angels fan myself.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was written by J.K. Rowling.
Yes he did. Wonder Boys was a great book.
Yes, Linkin Park is still together. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The Road is a speculative fiction book. Are you a fan of that genre?
There is a sequel to that is Post-Apocalyptic fiction as well, which is also Post-Apocalyptic fiction.
The Way Station was written by Terry Ross. He also wrote The Last Colony.
He normally does a write speculative fiction.
He does! He also wrote a science fiction book called The Last Colony.
You are welcome.
Do you like Tom Hanks because it is a drama?
Have you seen Larry Crowne? He also starred in It's a Romance.
No, The Green Mile is a drama, comedy, drama, and crime movie.
You are welcome! Hope you enjoy!
She wrote Three Cups of Tea and The Color Purple
Me too! I like Saturday Night Live because I haven't seen it. It's a classic!
Yes, I do. I was a fan of a friend of Temuera Morrison on that show too.
Yes, the Invention of Lying is a satire show. Do you have a favorite shows?
Yes, 30 Rock is a popular satire show.
Yes, she is a talented athlete, a very good athlete.
Well, he's a famous athlete who plays for the Chelsea National Football team. I don't know much about him.
Yeah, she was born in Alexandria, Florida and has a daughter, she is also a musician.
I love her song Till the World Ends.
Yeah, if you like Adele, you should check out Whatcha Say. That's a classic!
That's cool. I like Yellow Submarine, how about you?
Sure, Beatrice Sparks is a writer and wrote Go Ask Alice.
It was. Do you like thrillers?
I'm not sure about that movie, but I do know it was written by Beatrice Sparks.
You're welcome!
Similar to Ray Bradbury is The Martian Chronicles and The Illustrated Man. Have you heard of those?
Yes, it's genre is Science Fiction.
They are, and Wintersmith is a film.
You're welcome!
Enjoy!
He wrote Freakonomics and Horrible Bosses. Have you seen them?
I am not sure who starred in Freakonomics. Do you like that genre?
I think he plays on the Portugal national football team. I don't know much about him.
I don't know much about soccer but I do know that he is married to Mirka Federer.
Yes, she is. Do you want to know more about her?
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Arnold Schwarzenegger wrote The Terminator and Total Recall. Would you like to know more about those movies?
Great question! Arnold Schwarzenegger is the main star of the movie.
Ella Enchanted is written by Sylvia Plath and stars Anna Kendrick
Ella Enchanted has genre Thriller
There is no information about Ella Enchanted.
Your welcome
Yes, he starred in The Last Temptation of Christ, The Return of a Man Called Horse and The Last Temptation of Christ
William Lucking starred in The Return of a Man Called Horse.
William Lucking starred in The Return of a Man Called Horse.
He wrote Madame Bovary, which is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
It was released in 1856.
Zoe's Tale was published in 1856.
Zoe's Tale is a speculative fiction book.
Yes, it was written by Kurt Wimmer and stars Tika Sumpter and Michael Wong. Do you like his work?
Yes, and he also starred in The Interpreter
No, I haven't. What genre is that?
Heart of Darkness has genres Novel and Fiction. Do you like these genres?
Theroux wrote a number of books. Theroux was turned into a movie. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is.
Peter pan is a good one.
It was released in 1904.
J.M. Barrie is the author of that play as well.
It was originally written in English, similar to Wrath of the Titans.
You're welcome!
Sure! Emily Bronte wrote The Missing. Have you read that?
Jane Eyre is a romantic novel. Do you like romance novels?
Of course! I hope you enjoy them!
Sure, he wrote David Copperfield and David Copperfield. Do you like either of those?
Charles Dickens was mainly a writer. He also wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop.
You're welcome!
Blood Promise is a young adult fiction book written by Richelle Mead. Do you like young adult fiction books?
Yes, it is written by Richelle Mead.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
Of course! Wicked Lovely is another good one.
Sure! Stan Wawrinka is a tennis player. He was born in Switzerland and participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Not really a fan of tennis. Do you like Serena as well?
Do you have a favorite team?
Blake Griffin is a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
Oh wow. Did he play for the Detroit Pistons?
Haha, I don't know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The Philosopher's Stone is written by Steve Kloves. Would you like to know other books by him?
Magiciansians is a fantasy book
you are welcome. anything else
Yes, The Help was written by Tate Taylor and released in 2002. It was directed by Tate Taylor.
Yes, Octavia Spencer also won the Academy Award for Best Actress.
I don't have any information on other films he was in, but I can recommend some other ones if you like.
Joseph Kosinski wrote and directed The Ninth Gate, have you seen that one?
Yes, he did direct a lot of the musicals. Are you a Tony Goldwyn fan?
Yes, he did. He was a great actor.
You're welcome!
Pat Conroy is an author who wrote The Water is Wide, The Prince of Tides and The Lords of Discipline.
Yes, Pat Conroy is an author who wrote The Great Santini.
I sure can. She's a favorite of mine, The Things They Carried.
Science Fiction.
Your welcome.
Yes, she starred in Aliens
Well, if you like action and horror films, he also starred in Why Did I Get Married Too. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Tom Everett and Jennifer Lopez also starred in it. Do you like those actors?
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen
Pride and Prejudice is a romance novel. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction.
Some of her most famous works include Xenocide and Wyrd Sisters. Have you heard of these?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Paul Verhoeven wrote and starred in RoboCop 3. Do you like Romance films?
He also directed The World According to Garp.
Total Recall is an indie film that was released in 1982.
Glad to help!
Snow White and the Huntsman was written and directed by Roland Emmerich. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
You're correct. Did you know Snow White and the Huntsman was produced by Tom Hanks?
Undertow is a romance film. Do you like romance films?
Robert Longstreet also stars in Snow White and the Huntsman. Do you like him?
I hope you enjoy the movie!
Yes, would you like to hear about other movies in that genre?
Have you seen the other Hobbit movies?
It was written by Simon McBurney and Jamie Lee Curtis.
Glad to be of help!
Great, have a great day!
Yes, Collateral was directed by Tom Cruise .Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he did. That was a movie. Do you like thrillers?
If you liked Public Enemies, you might enjoy Catch-22. It's in the Crime Fiction genre.
No problem! I hope you enjoy Pulp Fiction!
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like sci-fi?
Bradley Cooper is one of the main stars in Total Recall.
Kirsten Dunst was the main actor in Total Recall.
You are welcome.
Yes, they are very good. The Giants are part of the National League East division.
Oh. 2014 was a great year for the Giants. And the 2014 was a big year for them.
I've been a huge fan since they were the runner-up in the 2012 PGA.
Denzel Washington and James Wilcox star in Equalizer. Do you like Denzel Washington?
Sure, she was in The Magnificent Seven, and The Five Love Languages. Do you like Romance films?
I'm sorry I don't have the information when it was released.
You're welcome.
Yes, he is a good Table Tennis player. What do you think of him?
Yep, he's from China. Have you been there?
Yup, that's correct. He starred in that as well.
He wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, The
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer is a great book. Also, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
Mark Twain is the author of The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn has genre Historical period drama.
He wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, which is in the Speculative Fiction genre.
Enjoy!
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to know other books by her?
Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility
Persuasion is a Romance novel.
The Hunt for Red October is written by Tom Clancy and stars Morgan Freeman. Would you like to know more about this movie?
The Hunt for Red October was released in 2011. It's considered a Romance and Drama.
You're welcome!
Ben Stiller wrote Zookeeper and starred in The Hangover Part II.
Yeah, I didn't know he was in Zoolander. Didn't he star in that as well?
Yes, he was in that movie as well.
Great, enjoy!
I like some of her music. Did you know she was in a movie called Crossroads?
I have never heard of that one. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I have heard of that movie as well. I haven't seen it but will have to check it out. Thanks for the information!
The Terminal is a drama starring Tom Hanks. Do you like drama movies?
It's a romantic comedy released in 2012. Do you like that genre?
Yes, The Terminal was really funny. It starred Tom Hanks, who is a great actor.
You are welcome.
Sure, he starred in Tom Horn, The War Lover and the Reivers. Have you seen any of those?
The Great Escape came out in 2011. Would you like to know who else was in that movie?
The Towering Inferno was directed by Roland Emmerich. He also starred in The Last Montoya.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Heart of Darkness has genres Novella and Fiction. Do you like these genres?
John Green is the author of this book.
The Very Hungry Caterpillar is a picture book.
That movie is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Wizard of Oz was adapted into a film.
It was written by Scott West, would you like to know more about this?
Yes, The Wizard of Oz was adapted into a film as well.
Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory is a great movie
Yes, I know he plays for the Argentina national football team.
Did you know that he plays for the Barcelona national football team?
That's right. Louis van Gaal also coached the Manchester United F.C. team.
Yes, he is. He also starred in Larry Crowne.
Yes, if you like movies like Harrison Ford, you should check out Life Insurance.
Sure. Anything else I can help you with?
He directed The Perks of Being a Wallflower and The Perks of Being a Wallflower.
Stephen Chbosky starred in that movie.
Yes, she was.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
No problem.
Yes, Interview with the Vampire is written by Anne Rice, and stars Brad Pitt and Clint Eastwood.
Tom Cruise also starred in Vanilla Sky and The Last Samurai.
Andres Iniesta is a player on Spain's national football team. Do you like soccer?
I'm more of a Dodgers fan myself. Are you a Dodgers fan?
Yes, they have a goof team in the MLB.
That is correct. The San Francisco Giants played the next time.
I like events too. The San Francisco Giants is a great team as well.
The Devil Wears Prada stars Anne Hathaway. She's a great actress. She also starred in Tangled and The Dark Knight Rises.
You might enjoy The Dark Knight Rises or The Dark Knight Rises.
Hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Patrick McGoohan starred in Treasure Planet and The Three Musketeers. Have you seen those?
Yes, Martin Short starred in Treasure Planet as well as Vincent Pastore, have you seen that one?
Sure, Johnny Depp and Charlie Cox are in it. Do you like those actors?
Sure, William Friedkin directed The Hunted, The Return of the King, and The Hunted, among others. Do any of those sound interesting?
It is a crime fiction film. Do you like that genre?
Not at this moment, but if you like thrillers, you might enjoy Shark Night, starring Kyla Pratt and Dustin Milligan.
You're welcome!
Yes, she wrote The Good Earth which is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
Yes, it is a romance. Do you like romance movies?
No, the movie is in Black-White.
You are welcome.
I think they are a pretty good team. Do you like them?
I like baseball, football, and soccer. What about you?
Me too! My favorite sports is Basketball.
Are you referring to the director who directed Little Miss Sunshine?
He also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
Little Miss Sunshine has a genre of Thriller. Jonathan Frazier starred in this film.
Alan Arkin also starred in V for Vendetta. I highly recommend it.
Yes, she is. Do you like tennis? She is also a model.
She is currently number 66.
You are welcome, have a great day.
Oliver Relin wrote THe Cuckoo's Calling and The Abyss.
Sure, Ralph Steadman wrote The Wildest Dream and The Ruby in the Smoke. Have you read those?
He also wrote The New York Trilogy and The Last Colony.
No problem. I hope you enjoy them.
Ella Enchanted has genre Speculative fiction. Are you a fan of that genre?
Yes, she has written The Two Princesses of Bamarre and Ella Enchanted, have you read either?
Yes it is, you should check it out.
Well, it's a fantasy, it is also written by Gail Carson Levine and has genre Speculative Fiction
I'm not a fan of them, but I do like their coach John Fox.
I have never heard of that one. Is he a football player?
Yes, he was drafted to the Denver Broncos. I think he was a free agent.
Yes, He is a football player. He plays forward position. Do you like him?
He plays for the Argentina national football team.
I agree, I'm a fan of FC Barcelona, how about you?
Sure! Do you like books written by Jeff Kinney? He wrote The Long Haul
Yes, it is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
No problem! Enjoy!
Apocalypto is written by Francis Ford Coppola and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
He also wrote Apocalypto, which is a Romance film.
Sure! The Passion of Christ is starring Hristo Shopov and Maia Morgenstern. It is considered a Romance film.
Glad to help!
Divergent is from the Utopian and Dystopian fiction genre. Do you like Dystopian fiction movies?
Well, she wrote Insurgent and Divergent.
Glad to be of help
Correct. It was released in 2011.
PS, I Love You was written by Cecelia Ahern and it is a romance novel.
Yes, she also wrote Where Rainbows End.
It is a romance novel. Do you like those genres?
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is written by J.K. Rowling, would you like to know more about it?
You might also like the Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban or the Watchmen.
You might like the movie Philip Pullman. It is a fantasy, if you like that genre.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
He wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight, The Long Kiss Goodnight, The Long Kiss Goodnight and The Long Kiss Goodnight
Yes, he starred in The Long Kiss Goodnight. I don't think so, but he also wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight.
I am not sure who else starred in The Long Kiss Goodnight. I don't know who else was in it.
You are welcome.
I am not much of a fan of her music but I know she composed Titanium
I like Shakira, too. She has a lot of good songs like tha. What about you?
Did you know Ricky Martin is from Santo António, California?
It was written by Jojo Moyes. Did you know that he is also a musician?
Me Before You was written by James Patterson, he also wrote The Incredible Hulk and The Avengers.
I do not have that information on that. Do you like science fiction movies?
Yes, I do! She is a great athlete.
I like Venus and her sister Serena too.
What other sports do you like?
I think Mike Woodson is a good coach, but I'm a fan of the team.
Oh yea he also a player?
Didn't Danny DeVito also star in that movie as well?
Isn't he a football player?
Not really a fan. I like Manchester United F.C. I like the Patriots.
Do you like Jerry Maguire because it is a comedy?
Pat Conroy wrote The Water is Wide, The Prince of Tides and The Lords of Discipline.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
He also wrote The Water is Wide
Glad to help
The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. The next in the series is The Titan's Curse.
Ok, Fear Nothing was written by William Shakespeare. He also wrote The Son of Neptune.
The Battle of the Labyrinth is a Speculative Fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Cool, enjoy the book!
Yes, Once Upon a Time in the West is a great book written by Mickey Knox.
Well, Once Upon a Time in the West was also adapted into a movie starring Vincent D'Onofrio
Once Upon a Time in the West was directed by Sergio Donati. Once Upon a Time in the West was directed by Sergio Leon.
City of God stars Seu Jorge and Cassandra Clare. Have you seen it?
Well, If you like drama movies, you might also enjoy The Crucible. Have you heard of that?
The Manchurian Candidate was written by Robert Mulligan, and directed by Robert Mulligan.
Yes, The Manchurian Candidate was also released in 2002.
Did you like the Revenant because it stars Leonardo DiCaprio or Tom Hardy?
Yes, he is a composer, record producer, singer, and lyricist
Yes, he is a DJ, he is also a musician and a musician.
Andy Murray is a great author. I think his performance was impressive. I think he is a great actor.
I like tennis. I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer. What about you?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. What is your favorite team?
Sure! Do you like Sylvia Day because she is a writer, athlete, and author? She wrote The One Plus One and The One Plus One.
Seven Years to Sin is a self help book
Your welcome
Well, Rob Riggle starred in Unaccompanied Minors and Unaccompanied Minors.
I'm not sure what songs she sings, but I do like the song Lady Gaga and Katy Perry right?
Did you know that she starred in a movie called Mama Said, which was a drama.
Sia is a great singer. I like Shakira too. I like Selena.
I didn't realize she was. I'm more of a fan of Kyla Pratt. She's a great Lyricist.
Isn't he the guy who is a cricket player?
Did you know Wladimir Klitschko is a boxer?
Yes, Hayden Panettiere was in that movie as well.
Bob Peck starred in Jurassic Park III and Jurassic Park III.
Yes Bill Paxton also starred in Jurassic Park as well as Sense of Snow, as well as Sense of Snow.
Yes, that was a great movie. Do you like Science Fiction movies?
1989 was the year that released The Matrix was released.
Sure, Do you like Fantasy movies? You might also like The Looking Glass Wars.
With Aidan Turner, I think you'll like The Hobbit: The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen that one?
It's a fantasy movie. Do you like those genres?
Correct. Kevin Zegers also starred in Beyond the Sea.
No problem!
It was written in 2003 by Sophie Kinsella and released in 2003. Would you like to know more?
She also wrote Wedding Night, Twenties Girl and The Undomestic Goddess.
Remember Me and The Undomestic Goddess is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Hope you enjoy it!
Have a great day!
I don't really know much, but I know he plays cricket.
Not really a fan but I do know he plays cricket.
Well, I'm not a huge fan of Cricket but I do catch the game a few games here and there. It's pretty exciting.
Do you like Sharp Objects because it was written by Gillian Flynn, or because it was a Suspense/Mystery novel?
It looks like she wrote Sharp Objects, would you like to know more about that?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Sure! Dominic Copper starred in Warcraft and The Legend of Tarzan. Have you seen those?
Yes, it is a musical. Do you like that genre?
Kevin Costner was in it as well. If you haven't seen it, you should check it out.
You are welcome.
I think she's a singer like Lady Gaga and Katy Perry right?
I think they are a pretty good baseball team. What's your opinion?
I haven't been following this year. Who's your favorite Giants player?
I never heard of it. Is it the Tampa Bay Buccaneers one of my favorite players?
I like Aaron Rodgers as well.
It came out in 1999. That's the same year that the Yankees won the championship for the season.
Yes, Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Wayside School is Falling Down.
Louis Sachar also wrote Wayside School is Falling Down which is one of the most popular novels that I would recommend.
I don't know of any other children's literature. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I think Phil Mickelson is actually a top golfer. Did you know Phil won the 2005 PGA as well?
What other sports do you enjoy?
I loved Entourage! Other dramas include Kick-Ass, The Skeleton Key, and The Weekend.
Weeds was a great movie. We bought a Zoo is a romantic comedy.
Sure, H.G. Wells wrote The War of the Worlds, The Time Machine, The Invisible Man and The Island of Dr. Moreau
The Time Machine was released in 1905, have you seen the movie?
No I haven't seen it yet but I love Caddyshack. Did you see it?
You're welcome!
Jennifer Ehle is in it as well. Another good Sci-Fi movie you might like is X-Men 2. Have you seen that?
I do, James Harden is a pretty good shooting guard, he won the NBA sixth Man of the Year Award.
Yeah, I think he is a great shooting guard, as well as a shooting guard.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I am not a fan of the Yankees, but I do know they are owned by Woody Allen. Do you like them?
The Yankees are currently playing for the Seattle Seahawks. Do you like football?
Baseball is the most talented team in the MLB, and is owned by Woody Harrelson, the former owner of the Yankees.
Psycho is written by James Patterson, it is a Psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
i do not know who starred in that movie but Joseph Stefano was a slasher movie.
He hasn't had a chance to see another slasher movie. It was released in 1981.
I don't know much about them. Is they a soccer team?
Yes. The Buccaneers have won 3 championships.
Yes, and Greg Schiano also owns the team as well!
Rocky was written and directed by Sylvester Stallone. Do you like Sylvester Stallone?
Stallone has been in several movies including The Expendables, Wild Bill, The House of Mirth, No Country for Old Men and many more!
Creed is a comedy-drama that was released in 2001.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Michael Crichton wrote the book Disclosure. Does this interest you?
The Great Train Robbery is a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
I actually don't have any information on the latest movie, but I can tell you that he directed a lot of movies.
I don't have that information, but it is directed by James Patterson
I don't have any information on any other movies he has done
Jane Austen wrote that. Would you like to know more about it?
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance?
Well, I have The Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
The Time Machine is written by H.G. Wells, and it's in the genre of Speculative Fiction.
Sure! Colin Trevorrow wrote Jurassic World, which stars Tobey Maguire.
Jurrasic World is an adventure film. Do you like adventure films?
You might like Shark Night, starring Kyla Pratt. Another thriller you might enjoy is Zodiac.
I hope you enjoy them!
Me too! He starred in Things Behind the Sun and The Wild Life. Have you seen those movies?
Yes, Rosanna Arquett stars in that as well as a few other films.
Yes, it's considered a drama, as well as a drama.
That is a great movie! Have you seen Benjamin Button?
I think they are a pretty good team but I don't like their coach Gary Kubiak. Do you like them?
Yup, the mascot is number of Rowdy's games. Did you know Rowdy was born in Arlington?
There are four. The last one that mascot is called Home Alabama.
Irwin kershner also directed The Last Temptation of Christ, The Return of a Man Called Horse and The Last Temptation of Christ
Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back is starring Harrison Ford. Do you like his movies?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on Sean Connery.
Gillian Flynn wrote Dark Places. She's a great writer.
He wrote Dark Places, Dark Places, Dark Places, and Dark Places. Have you read any of these?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on any other authors. What Do you like?
Yes and China Mieville is a great writer.
Yes I do. I like speculative fiction.
Great. Enjoy your reading!
I don't know much about him other than he plays cricket. Do you like cricket?
I don't really follow cricket closely, but I know he is from India.
I don't really know anything about cricket, but I know he was in the London Olympics.
I have never seen it, but I love it as well. Have you been to any of my favorite games?
i'm more of a baseball fan. what about you?
You too!
Yeah, they are a pretty good team. Do you like them?
It is a drama, similar to Looper. Have you seen it?
Great. Do you like Warlock because it is starring Brad Pitt?
Yes, it's a zombie movie. If you like zombie movies you should check out Zombieland.
You might also like World War Z with Brad Pitt if you like zombie films.
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like his work?
The Curse of the Jade Scorpions is a book that you might enjoy.
Erich Maria Remarque wrote Im Westen nichts Neues and Drei Kameraden, have you read those?
I'm not sure when they came out, but I do know Im Westen nichts Neues is written in English.
Yes, you're right. I'm sorry I don't have any information on that.
You're welcome!
Not much of a tennis fan but I do know she has a sister named Rory McElroy
She plays tennis. She has also been in a lot of sports.
Yes, Williams sisters are a great tennis player. Do you have a favorite player?
I did love it. I'm a fan of Serena Williams though.
I have never heard of that! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I do. Did you like the movie because it was a drama?
Tennessee Williams also starred in Cat on a Hot Tin Roof.
Williams also wrote Cat on a Hot Tin Roof.
No problem
Do you like the author Tana French? She wrote In the Woods. She also wrote The Likeness.
In the Woods is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
He wrote Thirteen Reasons Why and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you heard of those books?
He has been in many movies including The Usual Suspects, The Fountain, Toy Story, and many more.
Yes, Tim Robbins and Tim Robbins are the lead actors.
Sure, Looking for Alaska is a good one with Christian Bale.
No problem!
I'm sorry. I don't have much information on them.
The Vikings are 1st in the NFC North. The Vikings are 1st in the NFC North by the Seahawks. Do you follow any other teams?
My husband's favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. What about you?
Andrew Garfield starred in The Social Network and The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you seen either of these?
You are correct. Justin Timberlake starred in The Social Network.
The Social Network is a biographical film
The Social Network was released in 1994 and was directed by Aaron Sorkin.
2010 is the genre for The Social Network.
2010 was written and directed by Aaron Sorkin. Aaron Sorkin and Andrew Garfield.
You are welcome!
Sure Ang Lee starred in Hollywood Chinese with Wayne Wang and directed The Ice Storm starring Tobey Maguire.
Did you know he starred in The Ice Storm? He also starred in The Cement Garden.
He also wrote The Ice Storm, which is a romantic comedy.
It is a young-adult fiction book written by Christopher Paolini, have you read it?
Yes, Paolini is a young-adult fiction novel with a speculative fiction genre.
You are welcome!
Throne of Glass was written by Sarah J Maas. Do you like it because of the author? She also wrote Assassin and the Underworld.
It was released in 2014. Sarah J. Maas also wrote The Assassin's Blade
Glad I could help!
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote the book Persuasion, which was released in 1817.
That's right. I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
Yeah, if you like Jane Austen, I think you might also enjoy Mansfield Park.
Yes, she is a professional badminton player
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on any other players like her.
I'm sorry, I don't.
Malcolm Gladwell also wrote What the dog Saw and Other Adventures.
He wrote and directed Seven Psychopaths. Do you like dark comedies?
Yes, he was a scientist. Do you like scientist movies?
Yes, he did. He wrote a lot of science fiction books. Do you like science fiction books?
Robin has starred in a lot of movies. Would you like to know about any of them?
Have you seen Wrath of the Titans or Monsters, Inc? They are both Family films.
Robert Downey Jr. and Cameron Diaz star in that movie.
Will do. Enjoy!
Homer wrote The Simpson and also wrote The Day After Tomorrow. Have you read those?
If you like Epic Poetry, you might also like The Red Pony or The Other Boleyn Girl. Both are excellent books.
Yes, The Odyssey is more of a Gothic Fiction.
I don't like their coach Pete Carroll, but I like their coach Pete Carroll though.
That's right. Didn't they also win Super Bowl XLVIII?
I believe they won the last Super Bowl XLVIII.
The Proposal is starring Sandra Bullock and Sandra Bullock.
She starred in X-Men Origins and in Woman or Gold, have you seen those?
If you liked that movie, you might also like Gravity. That was a great movie.
He wrote The Sum of All Fears, The Hunt for Red October and The Hunt for Red October. Have you read those books?
Dead came out in 2011. Do you like it because it is a Romance novel?
Yes it was. Do you like Fantasy? You should check it out.
The New York Knicks is a basketball team owned by Woody Allen. Do you like basketball?
The owner is Mike Woodson
No,I don't have that information.
No problem!
The movie, In Bruges was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Ralph Fiennes and Colin Farrell.
Colin Farrell starred in a few movies as well. He also starred in Zero Dark Thirty, Wrath of the Titans, Three Cups of Tea, Just to name a few.
I would also recommend Seven Psychopaths, which is a psychological thriller.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football team based in Denver Broncos. Do you like them?
Vince Vaughn and Tom Brady. Do you like Vince Vaughn?
Yes, that was written by Gary Paulsen and Vin Diesel. Are you a fan?
No, I haven't seen it but I do like Shark Night. That stars Kyla Pratt
I heard Michael Irby was in it as well. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No problem.
Have you seen the whole series of the movies?
Yes, the movie is based on the book.
Okay, if you like Young-adult fiction, I would recommend The Giver or The Giver.
No problem! Enjoy!
Yes, Jordan Spieth American professional golfer. Do you like golf?
I didn't know that. I know he is a golfer from Dallas.
Not really, I know it was a Major League Baseball team.
Yes, I know that Maya Angelou wrote I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings.
Yeah, I like poetry too. Have you read I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings?
I'm sorry, I don't have the information when it came out.
Of course, I hope you enjoy them!
Henry Gifford wrote она и мир
He wrote Your Highness and Whatever It Takes Possession. Are you familiar with those?
This is the End is a comedy starring Charlize Theron.
It is a romantic comedy. Do you like this genre?
You're welcome.
You're welcome!
I don't know much other than he plays for the Chile national football team. Do you like soccer?
Not really a fan of this sport, what is your favorite team?
Yeah that's a great movie. Do you like football movies?
Did you know that Zhivago is a Science Fiction Film?
It was written by Rick Riordan and is a young-adult fiction book. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes he did write Vespers Rising. Vespers Rising was also written by Rick Riordan
Yes, Young Adult is a great book! It was written by Rick Riordan and was released in 2011.
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
Mary Ann Shaffer starred in the movie Fool's Gold
Mary Ann Shaffer wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society. She is also an author and an actress.
I do! He starred in Imagine That. Have you seen it?
Ray Bradbury wrote The Martian Chronicles, The Illustrated Man, The Illustrated Man, and The Illustrated Man. Have you read any of these?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
The Bradbury Chronicles was released in 1944, have you read it?
Cool, enjoy the book!
I don't know much other than he plays for the Chile national football team. Do you like soccer?
Yes, Jordan Spieth American professional golfer. Do you like golf?
Haha, I love Adam Sandler movies. How about that one?
Grown Ups is a great movie. I liked Rob Schneider in that movie as well.
Yes, Salma Hayek was in Frida.
Joe Morton wrote What Lies Beneath and Other Stories.
If you like that Thriller, you might also like Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
If you like action movies you will also like Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
You're welcome
Yes, Saina Nehwal is a famous badminton player. Are you a fan?
I am not sure, but I do know Saina Nehwal is from India.
Yes he is, and he is from India.
Thor is starring Natalie Portman and Chris Hemsworth. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Thor is a Science Fiction film starring Robert Downey Jr., Kate Beckinsale and Scarlett Johansson
Great actor, he starred in some great movies like The Incredible Hulk, The Avengers, Guardian of the Galaxy and many more.
Then I would suggest The Incredible Hulk, if you liked that one.
He wrote The Devil Wears Prada: The Devil Wears Prada
Kill Bill and The Other Boleyn Girl are some of his thriller movies.
The Butterfly Effect was starring Eric Brees and Eric Brees. It is a psychological thriller film.
William Lee Scott also wrote and directed and starred in the movie The Final Destination.
October Sky is a Crime Fiction Thriller. It is a film starring William Lee Scott.
You are welcome.
I've never heard of her. Is she a singer/songwriter?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I know it was written by Paulo Spears.
Your welcome.
300 is directed by him.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Sure, Frank Miller starred in 300. If you like his movies, you should check out Blade Runner, The Last Samurai.
Gerald McRaney starred in that movie as well as Frank Miller.
Yes, Kill Bill: Vol. 1 is a great book. Kill Bill: Vol. 1 is a great book.
Vivica A. Fox and David Carradine were in it. Do you like them?
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote the book Persuasion, which was released in 1817.
Yes, she wrote Persuasion, which is a romance novel. Do you like romance?
Yes, you are correct. It is a Romance film.
Sure, it is written by Cassandra Clare and is a young-adult fiction book. Do you like young adult fiction books?
The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Glass.
I believe it is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
Tom Cruise starred in Mission impossible Rogue Nation so he also starred in Valkyrie.
Yes, he was in Days of Thunder.
Tom was in Days of Thunder. Did you know he was also in The Last Samurai?
You are welcome.
I have heard that they won the XXXVIII championship.
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. What about you?
Oh yeah, I like the Niners fan. What is your favorite sport?
Sure! My Sister's Keeper is written by Jodi Picoult. Do you like the author or the genre?
Jodi Picoult also wrote Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts.
No, I don't have any information on what genre of Crime Fiction.
Yes, he is a midfielder and forward.
Do you have a favorite team? I think it is the Dodgers.
I'm a huge fan of the Tennessee Titans and the Dallas Cowboys. What sports do you enjoy?
Sure, she wrote The Sweet Far Thing, The Diviners, The Diviners and The Diviners. Have you read any of those?
The Sweet Far Thing is speculative fiction and The Diviners is a fantasy. Do you like these genres?
Well, you might like the Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban or the Watchmen.
Yes Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
No, but Milan Kundera is from Poland.
No problem! Have a great day.
Yes, he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Pelicans. Do you like him?
Tom Benson and Tom Benson are also on the same team. Do you like them?
You're welcome
Yes, she is a professional golfer born in Honolulu.
Yes, Micheal Caine is a young age. Do you like golf?
Wow, what a title to know about her?
Sure, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen them?
Bodyguard was written by Joss Whedon and also starred Scarlett Johansson and Bill Murray.
Yes, it was released in 2003.
You are welcome, enjoy!
I do! Did you know he was in a relationship with Cameron Diaz from Shrek?
No, I did not. Did you know he was also a musician?
I don't have that information, but I think he is married to Hailey Baldwin.
Yes, do you like Monsters Inc because it is starring Sam Worthington?
The Looking Glass Wars is a good fantasy movie
If you like Adventure films you might like The Looking Glass Wars, or The Golden Compass.
Sure! Jojo Moyes wrote The Ship of Brides, The One Plus One, and The One Plus One. Have you read any of these?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You are welcome.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books. The next in the series is The Oz Books, have you read them?
I have not, but I know The Wonderful Wizard of Oz was adapted into a film. Have you seen it?
I will have to check that out. Thanks!
I am not familiar with him. Is he a tennis player?
I like Venus Willaims and Roger Federer. Do you like them?
I think he lost to Rafael Nadal a lot. I like tennis better than Serena.
You're welcome!
Sure! Arthur Conan Doyle wrote The Return of Sherlock Holmes, The Lost World, The Valley of Fear, and The Valley of Fear. Have you read any of these?
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was published in 1895. It was also made into a movie.
Cool! The Yellow Wallpaper has genre Crime Fiction. Is this the genre you like?
He wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke. Do those sound interesting?
Have you heard of A Christmas Carol? It is also a Mystery.
No problem!
I have not, but I know it was written by Veronica Roth
She also wrote Divergent and The Insurgent.
It is a suspense/mystery book that was released in 2011.
You're welcome.
Yes! My favorite song by her is a thousand years. What about you?
I like pop music, but if you like sing a thousand years, I think you should watch A Thousand Years.
I don't think so. I do know that she has a band in it.
Thor is starring Chris Hemsworth and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Another great movie he starred in is The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
Sure, Jodi Picoult wrote Where There's Smoke, Vanishing Acts, and Vanishing Acts. Have you read any of those?
The book Where There's Smoke was released in 2015. She also wrote The Tenth Circle.
Where There's Smoke is a Fictional novel.
He is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Real Madrid and the Brazil national team.
Yes I do. Who is your favorite player?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who is yours?
I'm not much of a football fan but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I enjoy watching basketball. My favorite team is the Redskins. How about you?
I think Mike Pettine is a good coach for the Cleveland Browns. I think the Browns is doing a good job with the team.
Sure, Peter Weir directed Dead Poets Society, which is a crime fiction film. Do you like crime fiction?
Yes he did. It is a drama/mystery movie that is also a good movie.
Yes, she's a great actress. I liked her in Princess Protection Program.
Do you like the song Love You?
Of course! Number the Stars is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
Yes, Lois Lowry also wrote Anastasia Krupnik and The Giver. Are you familiar with these?
Yes it is. It's a great example of Speculative fiction.
No problem.
You are welcome.
Yes, Rosemary Wells wrote Charlotte's Web which has co-authors like Garth Williams and E.B. White.
Yes, Rosemary Wells starred in a play called Charlotte's Web. It was also a play. Do you like play?
You are welcome! I hope you enjoy!
Bradly Cooper starred in The Pacifier, The Longest Ride, The Longest Ride, and many more. Have you seen any of those?
Have you heard of Mary Shelley's Frankenstein, another comedy he is known for is Woman in Gold
Sure, Submarine is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I don't have any information on that.
My pleasure.
Sure! The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy was written by Douglas Adams. Have you read that one?
I recommend The Restaurant at the End of the Universe if you like that kind of book.
The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul is a Fiction, Mystery, and Children's literature that was released in 1996.
The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul is a novel written by Douglas Adams. Would you like to hear more?
Happy to help!
I like contemporary R & B but I like contemporary R & B.
Then you might like What Lies Beneath, or Wildwood Dancing.
Yes, I like them. What kind of music do you like?
I don't really like them. I think they are a pretty good team. What about you?
I didn't know he was a linebacker. Did you know he was born in Baltimore?
I'm a fan of the Buffalo Bills. What about you?
Sure, Do you likeRON because it is a Sci-Fi or because it is an Action Film?
Well, World War Z is a science fiction action film.
You are welcome.
L.A. Confidential is a thriller, do you like thrillers?
The Punisher is similar to L.A. Confidential starring Kevin Spacey. He also starred in Zero Dark Thirty.
No problem! Enjoy!
Yes, Taxi Driver is starring Kevin Costner. Would you like to know more about that movie?
How about Taxi Driver, did you like it because it is a comedy?
Yes, and Denzel Washington starred in The Manchurian Candidate too. If you like Denzel Washington, you should check it out.
You are very welcome!
Sure! He starred in Unlawful Entry which is a great movie.
Yes. Rufus Sewell starred in it as well. If you like him, check out Out of the Dust.
You might also like Shooting the Past if you like that one.
The Pianist is more of a Crime Fiction, but The Pianist is more of a Crime Fiction Film
You're welcome
I am not a women's fan but I do know that she has a sister named Rory McElroy
No, I didn't know that. What genre of movies do you like? What genre of movies?
American Gangster is a thriller, do you like thrillers?
I didn't know that Serena starred in West Side Story though.
Yes, I do. Neil Burger directed The illusionist.
It's a crime fiction. Do you like those genres?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
You're welcome!
The Fault in Our Stars is a young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Have you read House of the Seven Gables? It is a Romance.
Trojan Odyssey was written by C.S. Lewis. He also wrote Paper Towns.
Certainly!
Silence is written by Preston and directed by Roland Emmerich. Do you like the author or the genre?
Broken Silence was released in 2004. It's also a film.
You're welcome.
Sure! Did you like Pandemonium because it was written by Lauren Oliver or because it is a speculative fiction genre?
Pandemonium is a great book! Other speculative fiction books include Xenocide, Wolf Brothers, and Wizards of Waverly Place.
It was written by Paulo Coelho and Erik Larson.
You're welcome!
Yes, I love her music! Did you know she starred in Who's That Girl and Die In Another Day?
Yes, I believe so. It's similar to Madonna. She's a great singer.
Yes, that is correct. I liked him in Sex and the City, too.
Yes I like that movie too. Madonna was in a few of her movies too.
Yeah, I think I'll check that out. Thanks!
Yes, that is a great movie. It was written by Joel Coen who also wrote True Grit.
Yes. Burn After Reading was released in 2006.
You're welcome!
En Man Som heter Ove was written by Henning Koch and released in 2012.
Yes it is in English.
Henning Koch also wrote Britt-Marie var här and The Maggot People.
Sure. He wrote You've Been Warned as well as many others.
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
So sorry, I do not have any information on that.
Do you like Forrest Gump because it stars Tom Hanks?
Tom Hanks also starred in Larry Crowne. Have you seen that movie?
Cast Away was directed by Tom Hanks, who also directed Larry Crowne.
You're welcome!
Sure! Darren Aronofsky wrote a lot of great movies including Requiem for a Dream, The Wrestler, and The Fountain. Have you seen any of these?
The Wrestler is a drama, directed by Darren Aronofsky and was released in 2011.
Mickey Rourke was in Requiem of a Dreams as well as Requiem of a Dreams.
Francis Ford Coppola wrote Apocalypse Now. Apocalypse Now is one of my favorites.
Sure, some of the actors in that movie would be James Cullen Bressack, Audrey Tautou, Jada Pinkett Smith and Christian Bale to name a few
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on the genre for Apocalypse Now, but I can tell you that Scott Glenn also starred in The Apostle, which is a war film.
Mr and Mrs Smith is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
It is a romance, comedy, drama. Do you like those genres?
Of course! Other thriller movies include; Shark Night, xXx: State of the Union, and xXx: State of the Union.
You're welcome!
Yes I do. She wrote The Pillars of the Earth which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Eddie Redmayne also starred in The Wedding Date. Have you seen that movie?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You're welcome.
I don't really like them. I think they are a pretty good team. Do you like them?
Who is your favorite football team? I'm a patriots fan.
Yeah, I didn't know that. I liked him when he was on the New England Patriots.
Mad Max Fury starred Charlize Theron and Tom Hardy. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes he did and Mad Max The Brave One has a genre of Action and Action Film.
Yes, Jodie Foster also starred in Think Like a Man from Justice league and is a comedy.
Yes, Nicky Kravitz has starred in The Brave One with Jennifer Aniston and Robert De Niro.
You are welcome.
Sure, E Lockhart wrote We Were Liars and The Disreputable History of Frankie Landaue-Banks
It was released in 2003.
The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks is similar.
You're welcome
Seven Pounds is starring Will Smith. Will Smith if you like action thrillers. Do you like war films?
Sure! Do you like Romance novels?
Yes! Unknown is also a film. It was directed by Roland Emmerich.
I haven't seen it yet, but it was directed by Leonard Goldberg. He also wrote The Goonies.
Great! Enjoy!
Isn't he a football player?
Yes, he's also a Midfielder.
Yes, Wales is also from Wales.
Sure, Sia Furler is a musician, lyricist, and composer. Is there any particular genre you are looking for?
I love her music. I like Dance wiv Me, how about you?
Yes, I like her music as well. She has a lot of talent in that genre.
Yes, Misery is written by Anne Tyler. Do you like her books?
I have not seen it, but if you like psychological thrillers you should check out Wuthering Heights or World Without End.
Yes, I do. I liked him in a couple of movies as well. I recommend X-Men 2. Have you seen that one?
Emily Griffin is an author who wrote The Perfect Score.
It was released in 2012 and written in English.
Yes, it is a movie. Some of the other stars include Cate Blanchett and Marlon Brando.
You are welcome.
Kazuo Ishiguro wrote Never let me go.
When we Were Orphans is a poetry book. Do you like poetry?
Yes, Zoe's Tale is a Sci-Fi Speculative Fiction.
You are welcome!
Robert Lewandowski plays for the Poland national football team. Do you like soccer?
Robert Lewandowski plays Forward
Mr. Robert Lewandowski was born in Poland
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren and The Selection Stories. Do either of these sound interesting?
Sure! The Selection is based on a novel by Kiera Cass' Thriller. Do you like Kiera Cass' Thrillers?
I hope you enjoy them!
You are welcome, enjoy!
Did you like the movie because it's a sci-fi or action movie?
If you like Action movies, I would recommend Zoom and Yesterday Was a Lie. Have you seen those?
The second one is Blade Runner. If you haven't seen the second one, I hope you enjoy the second.
I didn't know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, Gone Girl is a Thriller, other Thrillers include Graduation Day and Shadow Kiss.
That's great! She wrote "Sharp Objects" and "She's All the Real Girls."
You're welcome!
Life of Pi is a fantasy, adventure film. Then you might also like Shanghai Knights or World War Z.
It was written and directed by William Shakespeare. It is also a Fantasy. Do you like that genre?
It's a Fiction, but also a Drama. Do you like that genre?
Sure, The Tipping Point book was written by Dan Brown. It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You might be interested in What the Dog Saw and Other Adventures.
Yes. Stephen Covey also wrote What the Dog Saw and Other Adventures.
You are welcome.
Sure! Doug Liam starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wildest Dream. Have you seen either of those?
Fair Game is a drama. Do you like drama?
You might like Catch-22 which is a action film. It is a Thriller
Fair Game is starring Emile Hirsch and Marcia DeBonis
He directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, and Amadeus. Have you seen any of those?
Yes he did. Amadeus is a crime fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure. Amadeus is added to your movie list.
C. S. Lewis wrote it and released it in 1953. You might also like The Chronicles of Narnia if you like that genre.
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is a fantasy novel written by C.S. Lewis. It was released in 1951.
Sure! The Silver Chair was released in 1953. It also falls into fantasy and fantasy genre.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him other than he plays Cricket for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
I like a lot of sports. I think he is a great player. What is your favorite?
No, but I never heard of him. Is he a good athlete?
I love Adam Levine! He wrote Maroon 5 and I love his music.
I am not sure about any movies he has acted in but I can tell you that he acted in any movies.
Yes there are a couple that I know of. One is Space Jam, which is a comedy/drama
It was written by James Frey. Do you like speculative fiction?
Sure. You'll like A Million Little Pieces by James Frey. It's a Speculative fiction.
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
Great. Have a great day!
Michael Crichton wrote a book called Disclosure that he wrote.
he wrote the book Disclosure.
it is a murder mystery
you are welcome
I don't know much about him other than he plays German football.
I really like Manchester United F.C. I think he is a great player. What about you?
Basketball is fun to watch. Who is your favorite team?
Sure, Ken Kesey wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest & The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Yes he is both a writer and a writer.
Yes. It is a comedy. Do you like that genre?
Sure! Bossy River is a great author.
Paulo Coelho wrote The Alchemist, which is a similar book. Do either of these interest you?
He also wrote The Grapes of Wrath.
It's Science Fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a professional footballer who plays as a forward for the New England Patriots.
I am not sure who else starred in it but it is a comedy film.
Eva Mendes has a genre of drama and comedy.
American Sniper is genre Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Bradley Cooper was in the lead role in American Sniper. It was a thriller film. Do you like thrillers?
It's a drama. It's more of a comedy.
You are welcome!
Yes. Martin Scorsese wrote The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you seen that?
Yes. Gangs of New York starring Robert De Niro is a great movie.
Yes, Step Brothers is a great movie with Robert De Niro and Robert De Niro.
You might like The Handmaid's Tale starring Robert De Niro.
Yes, it was a comedy that also stars Robert De Niro and Robert De Niro.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on the plot.
You are welcome.
Yes, Toy Story 2 is starring Tom Hanks and Tim Allen.
Yes, if you like Romantic Comedies, you might want to check out Toy Story or Treasure Planet.
Larry Crowne is actually a movie he wrote and directed it as well.
Larry Crowne is considered a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
I'm sure that you will love it.
You're welcome!
Yes I - The Phantom Menace is starring Scarlett Johansson. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
If you like Liam Neeson, you might enjoy The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars.
The Lord of the Rings was produced by J.R.R. Tolkien.
Enjoy!
The Cleveland Browns are fourth in the AFC North division for the 2018 season.
Wow, that's right. They're in the NFL National League as well!
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys.
I think they are a pretty good baseball team, did you know Tom Werner is their coach?
Yes, he was from Monmouth Beach, isn't that the one?
New York is a great family film.
I did not see that in What Women Want. Isn't that a romantic comedy?
He wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, A Princess of Mars and some more.
Yes, Mark Twain wrote the books.
You are welcome.
Did you like Divergent because it was a science fiction?
Great, would you like to hear about movies with this genre? Or Young-adult fiction?
you are welcome.
The sequel to that is Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets. Have you seen that?
Kevin Costner starred in Goonies. He also starred in No Country for Old Men.
Did you know Nicki Minaj is also a celebrity friend to Tyga Kuznets?
Oh wow, that's right. What a great song by Nicki Minaj right?
I don't have any information on Woohoo, but I can tell you that she is a pop artist in general.
Yes, I do. The book is written by Jhumpa Lahiri
Well, Unaccustomed Earth is a fantasy, so isn't that close to.
I like thrillers. You should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
Dr. Seuss wrote The Lorax and The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss. Do you like Dr. Seuss books?
Theodore is a cartoon movie starring Hugh Jackman
The Lorax was released in 1905.
Wizard's First Rule is a similar one
ok
I don't know much about them. I think they are a part of the NFL.
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
Sure! Never Let Me Go was written by Alex Garland and it is a Science Fiction, Science Fiction. Do you like Science Fiction?
He also wrote Never Let Me Go. It is a science-fiction as well.
Yes, he has. It looks like he has made a movie yet.
Enjoy!
Oh yes! Ruben Fleischer wrote Gangster Squad which was a great movie.
It was released in 2000.
It is crime fiction, do you like that genre?
Your welcome
Yes, it was written by Stieg Larsson and was released in 2007.
You are correct. Stieg Larsson also wrote Luftslottet sprängdes.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
He directed Seven Samurai and directed Seven Samurai. Do you like Samurai?
It's a martial arts film starring Yojimbo. Do you like martial arts?
Do you like the movie because it is a science fiction movie or because it is an adventure movie?
You're welcome!
Oldboy is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Confessions is starring Xander Berkeley. what else can i answer for you today?
you are looking for a comedy genre. What else can i answer today?
you are welcome. anything else i can do for you?
I don't know much about them. I think they are owned by Wayne Weaver and Wayne Weaver.
I like the Denver Broncos. Do you like them?
What other sports do you like to watch?
Yes, he wrote The Wimpy Kid and The Wimpy Kid. Have you heard those?
No, I haven't seen it but I do know that he starred in a lot of movies.
Yes, he was also in The Lion, The Witch, and The Wardrobe. Do those sound interesting?
Scream is a horror film. Do you like Horror films?
You might enjoy World War Z, or Zodiac, you might like those.
Brad Pitt also starred in Troy, have you seen it?
Yes, they are a pretty good baseball team. Do you like them?
Oh cool. I'm a fan of the Baltimore Orioles. Who's your favorite team?
Oh. I'm not sure about that. I think they have a good coaching battle with the Dodgers.
Sure, he is best known for his movie Night Watch, and then he also wrote Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter.
Sure, Night Watch is a crime thriller. Do you like crime thrillers?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes! X-Men: First Class, X-Men: Apocalypse, X-Men: Apocalypse...
Yes, Hugh Jackman starred in Van Helsing and also in The Wolverine.
Stephen Sommers also wrote The Wolverine, which is a thriller.
Sure! Douglas Adams was written in English and has a genre of Speculative Fiction. Are you a fan of that book?
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy was released in 1996
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No problem!
Yes, The Godfather was written by Francis Ford Coppola, who also wrote The Apocalypse Now
Ok, he wrote Apocalypse Now, which was written by Francis Ford Coppola.
Marlon Brando starred in X-Men: The Last Stand and The Apocalypse
Good to know! Brando is also in Into the Wild and Into the Wild. Have you seen those?
If you liked that movie, I would recommend The Godfather II.
If you liked that movie, you might also enjoy The Godfather II. It's a classic!
I think they are a pretty good team, I think Mike McCarthy is a good coach. What do you think about them?
I didn't know that. What sport do you follow?
Have you ever been to a great place? It's a beautiful place.
I haven't been following them much so I do not have a chance. Who is their coach now?
What do you think of them being on the same page?
I like baseball as well. Who is your favorite team?
Yes, this movie stars Zooey Deschanel
Have you seen Beautiful Creatures that Pruitt Taylor starred in?
Sure, You Again was a Lie. It was written by Andrew Stanton and released in 2012.
Yes, I have The Namesake is a book written by Jhumpa Lahiri
Have you read The Namesake by Jhumpa Lahiri?
It's a science fiction book, similar to Xenocide.
I'll add now
Thomas F. Wilson starred in Zoom, The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie, The Informant!
Thomas F. Wilson also starred in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
Enjoy!
Blake Shelton is a country singer, do you like country music?
His record label is Country Pop. Do you like Country music?
I don't, but I know he has a record label with Country Pop.
Sure! Sara Shepard wrote Pretty Little Liars. She also wrote Pretty Little Liars.
Yes, it was adapted into a TV show by Sara Shepard. She also wrote Friends with Benefits, which was also a TV show.
I recommend Pretty Little Liars. It was released in 2004.
You are welcome! Have a great day!
I don't know much about them. Is they coached by David Platt and David Platt?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like football?
Do you like Army/Navy because it was a martial arts film?
I don't really like them. I think they are a pretty good team. What about you?
Oh, I'm a huge fan of the coach. I think the Steelers have a chance of getting to the Super Bowl this year.
Oh wow, I didn't know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, Ridley Scott starred in The Mist and The Lawnmower Man. Have you seen those?
Sean Penn and Kate Beckinsale were in it. Do you like him?
I will send it to the screen now.
You're welcome!
Laura Esquivel wrote Como agua para chocolate and The Love of Law. Have you read either of these?
What a great book.
Yes i do as well.
You're welcome
The Memory Keeper's daughter is written by Kim Edwards. Do you like Kim Edwards books?
Sorry, I don't have any information on that.
Your welcome.
William Landay wrote Defending Jacob.
It is a thriller, similar to Defending Jacob is Zombieland
It's Crime Fiction, similar to Defending Jacob is Zombieland.
Well, Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors, have you heard of that one?
It was released in 1968
Your welcome
Do you like Romeo and Juliet because it is a drama or a romance novel?
What You Will is a fantasy novel written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
You are welcome!
He directed The Imitation Game, Headhunters, Headhunters
Matt Damon and Benedict Cumberbatch are in that movie. Do you like Headhunters?
Cool, enjoy the film!
Sure! A Thousand Splendid Suns is written by Khaled Hosseini.
Yes he has. A Thousand Splendid Suns, The Mountains Echoed, and The Kite Runner.
You're welcome.
Well, Damien Chazelle starred in Whiplash. Are you a fan?
Well, Damien Chazelle starred in Pride and Prejudice and Zombies, have you seen those?
It is a Romance Film starring Damien Chazelle and Chris Mulkey. Do you like Romance films?
No problem!
Great. Have a great day.
Yes, she starred in The Situation, The Ice Harvest, and The Hunted, among others.
The Situation is a drama/mystery movie that was released in 2011. It also stars Vanessa Martinez and Damian Lewis.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
Well, he's a snowboarder who starred in the romantic comedy Friends With Benefits.
Friends with Benefits has genre Thriller. Do you like that genre?
I didn't know she was in that show as well. I wonder if she is friends with Shaun White?
Yes, it was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is considered a satire. Do you like that genre?
It's a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
Do you like Harper Lee or Harper Lee books?
Then you might like The Passage if you like dramas.
You're welcome!
The Last Lecture was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like science fiction?
Yes, he did. Would you like to know more about that?
Sure, adding now.
Jonathan Levine wrote Wackness starring Jane Adems.
It is a romance film. Do you like romance films?
Tom Everett and Tom Everett are some of the actors in the movie. Do you like comedy movies?
Great, enjoy the movie!
Yes, Treasure Island was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Do you like his work?
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories.
Ok, let me know if you need anything else.
What of Treasure Island by Robert Louis Stevenson?
Yes, he directed a lot of movies like thriller, The Ghost Writer, The Ninth Gate, and more. Are you interested in any of those movies?
Roman Polanski wrote some great movies. Two of my favorite are The Ghost Writer, The Ninth Gate, and The Ghost Writer.
in 1997
Yes, The Hunger Games Trilogy is written by Suzanne Collins. Have you read it?
Jack London wrote The Wolverine. It is a Thriller
Yes, I believe White Fang was a movie. Do you like movies like Hunger Games?
You're welcome.
Yes, I do. Donnie Darko is a Thriller starring Seth Rogen. Do you like Thrillers?
He also starred in the Action Adventure film, Freakonomics. Have you seen that?
James was also in No Country for Old Men.
I don't know of any other movies he was in. Sorry.
Shadows and Lies was released in 2003.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley wrote Frankenstein and The Modern Prometheus.
Frankenstein is a Modern Prometheus is a novel.
Frankenstein is written in English, but it is also considered a Modern Prometheus.
You're welcome!
Fight Club is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Nicolas Cage starred in Fight Club. He also starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which is a thriller.
You are welcome.
A.W. Wheen wrote Im Westen nichts Neues in 1929.
She wrote Im Westen nichts Neues and Drei Kameraden. Are you familiar with those?
You are welcome. Goodbye.
Edward Zwick directed The Siege.
Yes, he was in The Siege. Are you a fan of his?
Yes, Edward Zwick was in The Denzel Washington as well. If you like Denzel Washington, you might also like Toy Story.
Correct. He was also in Hook Ya Crook.
Correct. Volcano High starred Snoop Dogg.
No problem!
I don't really follow them, but I know they are owned by Fred Wilpon and owned by Fred Wilpon. Do you like them?
I do watch baseball as well. Do you have a favorite team?
Me too! My favorite team is the Dodgers. How about you?
Sure, Stephen J. Dubner wrote Freakonomics, The Rogue Economist, and The Apostle.
It was released in 1997.
It also stars Stephen J. Dubner and Stephen J. Dubner. Do you like them?
Sure, I'll add that as well.
Yeah, he wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly as well as Once Upon a Time in America.
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
He was also in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
Yes, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly and Once Upon a Time in the West are similar ones.
Yes, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly and Once Upon a Time in America are both action films.
No problem!
He wrote Timequake and Welcome to the Monkey House. Have you heard of those?
Yes, Welcome to the Monkey House has genre Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
Have you read Welcome to the Monkey House has genre Speculative fiction.
Do you like him because he has directed movies like Million Dollar Baby, Million Dollar Baby, and many others?
Million Dollar Baby stars Hilary Swank and Clint Eastwood. Do you like Hilary Swank?
Yes, Morgan Freeman also starred in The Civil War. It's a drama.
Djimon Hounsou wrote Unlawful Entry and The Vatican Tapes
It came out in 2011. Do you like thrillers like that genre?
Besides Djimon Hounsou, it also stars Jennifer Jason Leigh and Liam Neeson. Do you know them?
Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier, The Cuckoo's Calling, and The Cuckoo's Calling. Have you seen any of these?
Underdog is a comedy/fantasy film starring Anne Hathaway and Jude Law.
Jay Leno also starred in Who's That Girl, The Skull, and The Mask. Have you seen any of those?
Yeah, they are. I am a Bears fan myself. What about you?
The Philadelphia Eagles owner is John Fox. I'm not sure who owns the Philadelphia Eagles.
I'm a fan of the New Orleans Saints, but I'm a Bears fan.
I like the Patriots as well!
Sure! American Beauty is a good one if you like Drama and Comedy. Have you seen it?
American Beauty also starred Penelope Cruz and Jennifer Jason Leigh.
Yes, I believe it is the same type of movie as Alan Ball.
The Incredible Hulk stars William Hurt and Ty Burrell.
Witches Abroad is a great one. The Avengers is another great one.
Released in 2011. It was directed by Stan Lee.
You're very welcome! Enjoy!
Die Hard has genre Thriller, do you like thrillers or crime fiction?
Then you might like Annie Hall or Yesterday Was a Lie
Do you like War Z because it is a zombie movie or because it is a zombie movie?
Brad Pitt also starred in Troy, which is a crime fiction film
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, Peter Krause starred in The Truman Show, The Secret Life of Bees, The Truman Show, The Secret Life of Bees and many more. Would you like to know more about any of these movies?
Yes, she was in We Don't Live Here Anymore. I think you'll really enjoy it.
Naomi Watts has also starred in Shooting the Past. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Wolverine was written by Ryan Reynolds and stars Hugh Jackman and Hugh Jackman.
If you like Sci-Fi movies, you might also like X-Men: The Last Stand or The X-Men: First Class.
Ryan Reynolds starred in Top Gun, X-Men, World War Z, and many more. Have you seen any of those?
No problem, enjoy!
Louis Leterrier directed The Incredible Hulk and The Transporter. Have you seen either of those?
Jason Statham and Kevin Costner were in Transporter. Do you like Jason Statham?
He was also in Vanilla Sky and The Apostle. Have you seen those?
Good Will Hunting is starring Matt Damon. Do you like movies starring Matt Damon?
Ben Affleck and Tracy Morgan star in that movie.
Yes, Ben Affleck wrote and directed The Town, which is a Romance film.
Yes, The Town is considered a horror movie.
No problem!
Yes, he wrote a book called Predators that was written by Lois Lowry
It was released in 1856. It is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
In 1856. It is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
It is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
There is The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy. Have you heard of this one?
You are welcome.
Collateral stars Tom Cruise .Do you like Thrillers?
Do you like Eyes Wide Shut because it is a crime fiction film?
Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder. Did you see that? It's a thriller.
I'm not sure of the exact year of that movie was released.
Glad to help!
Bruce Willis also starred in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen that film?
Bruce Willis starred in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen that movie?
Well he starred in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen that one?
Willis also starred in a movie called Unbreakable
I'm sorry I don't. What kind of music do you like?
Do you know what genre his music is?
I don't know too much about them but I do know Ready to Go is one of my favorite bands
Sure! Leonard Nimoy starred in The Halloween Tree, The Tree of Life, and The Halloween Tree. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, Star Trek III starring Leonard Nimoy was in all of them
Siddhartha was written by Hilda Rosner and Hermann Hesse. It was released in 1922.
Sure, she also wrote The Rum Diary and The Last Colony.
Journey to the East was released in 1922.
You are welcome.
Yes, I do. Reginald VelJohnson starred in You Again, Wolfen and Turner & Hooch. Have you seen any of those?
Jamie Lee Curtis also starred in You Again and Dwayne Johnson, have you seen that movie?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I do. He wrote Life of Pi and Beatrice and Virgil.
I'm more into Adventure fiction. What about The Towers of Midnight, which is one of my favorites.
Yes, if you like that one, you should check out Blade Runner.
You're correct. Have you seen The Dark Knight Rises? It's one of my favorites.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't know much about him other than he's a writer. Are you a fan?
Warriors is a drama/mystery movie starring Heath Ledger. Are you a fan?
Yeah he is a basketball player too, do you like basketball?
Sure, Frank McCourt wrote Teacher Man. Have you heard of it?
he also wrote Teacher Man
You are welcome.
I think it is a great book written by J.R.R. Tolkien
He also wrote the book Silence of the Lambs, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It was released in 1997. It is also a thriller.
You are welcome!
I think they are a good team, did you know Jose Mourinho is their coach?
Who is your favorite athlete?
What sport do you follow?
Jack London wrote To Have and Have Not, The Sea, The Sun Also Rises, and The Sea of Monsters. Have you read any of those?
White Fang was considered a fantasy. Do you like fantasy books like that genre?
Million Dollar Baby stars Hilary Swank and is a boxing drama. Do you like Hilary Swank?
I did. Did you see it? It's a drama.
I haven't seen it but I've heard it's good. Did you see it?
Do you like Peter Jason because of his movies?
Great! I think you will enjoy it.
Have you heard of A Very Long Engagement with Denzel Washington?
It was released in 2009 and a romance genre.
Yes, I do. J.K. Rowling wrote most of the Harry Potter books. Have you read them?
I know that Maurice Hindle wrote and starred in The Princess Diaries
You should check out The Civil War and The Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
There are so many! The Hobbitt, The Witch of Blackbird Pond, and The Giver. Have you read any of those?
Yes, The Divergent Series is a young-adult fiction novel written by J.K. Rowling.
No problem!
Andrew Adamson starred in Finding Nemo which is a Sci-Fi/Action movie. Do either of these movies interest you?
How about Monsters, Inc. Who wrote that one?
I don't really know the Mets' stadium. Aren't they in the National League?
There are 3 of those stadiums to name a few. But, I love the Mets!
I don't know much about Minute Maid. But La Labyrinth might be a good choice for the Mets.
Sure! Thomas Lennon starred in The Pacifier, The Fifth Element, and The Human Stain to name a few.
Yes, it is a television series starring Thomas Lennon and Josh Brolin.
I think she is a great athlete, I think she is a good athlete
Well, as a matter of fact, the Manchester United is the best in the league!
Agreed. Anything else I can help you with?
King Kong was written and directed by Kong Kong and stars Samuel L. Jackson. Do you like war films?
Yes, he wrote and directed the movie King Kong. Are you a fan?
I am not sure of the release date
I'm not much of a football fan but I do know they are owned by John Fox. Do you like them?
Oh wow. Who is your favorite player?
Yea, I'm not familiar with that name. I think he was a great business person.
Me too! You should definitely watch that one as well. It's drama.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I don't really like them, but I know they are owned by Fred Wilpon and owned by Tom Werner. Do you like them?
Yes, it was. It was a great time for the Mets. Do you like MBA?
Yes, that's a great movie. Do you like sports movies?
I don't know much about him other than he plays basketball. Do you like him?
I do like LeBron James. He's a great athlete. I think he won NBA Rookie of the Year Award.
I have not seen Lebron but I know he is an athlete
It's a great movie! Men in Black was directed by Robert Duvall, and it was released in 1997.
Have you seen Men in Black? It is in the sci-fi genre.
I am sorry, I don't have any information on that.
You're welcome.
Batman Begins starred Keanu Reeves. Would you like to know more about it?
The Dark Knight does have a sequel. Would you like me to recommend other movies he directed?
You are welcome.
Robin Hobb wrote The Dragon Keeper and The Dragon Keeper. Have you read those?
The original was released in 1905. It's a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
He wrote Welcome to the Monkey House, Timequake, Timequake, Timequake, The Sirens of Titan. Have you heard of any of these?
It's a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Have you heard of Welcome to the Monkey House? It is also speculative fiction
American History X was written Tony Goldwyn and starred Scarlett Johansson. Do you like war films?
Lake of Fire stars Denzel Washington as Michael Bay. Do you like that actor?
Lake of Fire stars Kenneth Branagh and Kevin Costner. Do you like Thrillers?
Your welcome.
Yes, Rieu wrote
He also wrote . .
The Flattered Poems is more of a Children's poetry
He wrote Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You are welcome. Enjoy!
If you Give a Mouse a Cookie is the first book in the series by Felicia Bond.
Yes. Paul Kalanithi also wrote If You Take a Mouse to the Movies and If You Give a Pig a Party.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like Eyes Wide Shut because it is a fantasy?
The Golden Compass is a very popular psychological thriller that you might enjoy.
I don't have when a stranger calls. However, I can recommend another psychological thriller he stars in.
I hope you enjoy them!
Charles Duhigg wrote The Power of Habit. what else can i do for you?
Yes, The Power of Habit is a novel that was released in 2011.
Certainly and will do.
Did you like The Godfather because it was written by Francis Ford Coppola, or because it was starring Al Pacino?
Me too! Do you like the Boston Celtics because they are coached by Doc Rivers and Brad Stevens?
Yes he was, and he was the captain of the Celtics.
I think they are a pretty good team. What's your opinion?
Chicago Bulls : Next in series: Game of Thrones - Catching Fire. Game of Thrones is one of the most popular teams in the league.
Yes, I hope they will make the playoffs.
No problem!
Dear John is a Romance novel written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Romance Novels?
I agree. That was a good one. It was directed by Ridley Scott. It is a Thriller.
I hope you enjoy it!
Do you like Crescendo because it is a romance movie or because it is a romance movie?
Did you like it because it was a romance novel or because it was a romance novel?
Other romance novels include Sense and Sensibility and Sense and Sensibility.
It is a romance novel, similar to Sense and Sensibility.
You're welcome.
I love Linkin Park, especially the song One Step Closer. Do you like them?
Do you like their music? Warner Bros. Records is my favorite.
Andrew Stanton directed Finding Nemo, Finding Nemo, Finding Nemo and many more. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Finding Nemo is a family, adventure, comedy film. It is also a Disney movie. Do you like that genre?
Yes she does. Ellen DeGeneres also starred in Finding Nemo.
My pleasure! You are welcome!
Yes, he starred in Zambezia
Correct. Do you like Jennifer Hale because she is in it?
I'm sorry, I don't have any family movies for that movie.
No problem!
Yes, he is an Indian cricketer and plays for Pune Warriors India and Kings XI Punjab.
Wow, I didn't know he was a famous bowler.
He was. Have you seen that movie? It stars Jennifer Aniston.
Yeah he is a point guard. I don't follow basketball much. Do you like him?
Yes he does. Paul Allen is the owner of the Portland Trail Blazers.
I don't really follow Seattle Seahawks, but I know Pete Carroll is a great coach.
Yes, The King's Speech is a drama and crime fiction movie. Do you like these genres?
Yes, she was in it as well as The King's Speech, have you seen that?
Did you like Jesus of Nazareth because it was a fantasy?
I like some of her music. My favorite song of hers is Waka Waka.
I don't know much about Sia Furler, unfortunately, but I heard she has a good voice. She's a beautiful voice.
What a great song! I also like White Oleander and Shakira.
They are a pretty good team. I think they will make it to the Super Bowl XLIII.
Oh, I like the Bears, but I'm a Bears fan myself. What do you think?
Oh I love the commercials! I'm a Bears fan.
I don't know much about him other than he plays basketball. Do you like him?
I am not sure, but I do know that Blake Griffin is a very skilled basketball player.
Yes, he does. He also has a great coaching history called Point guard.
Hayley Atwell starred in The Pillars of the Earth which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Hayley Atwell starred in The Pillars of the Earth with Jennifer Lawrence.
OK, The Pillars of the Earth has genre Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You are welcome.
Yes, that was a great movie. Brokeback Mountain starred Kristen Stewart. Are you a fan?
Heath Ledger starred in X-Men Apocalypse which was a comedy.
I don't really follow football, but I do know the team is owned by Lovie Smith.
I don't know much about Lovie Smith's coaching but I do know that Lovie Smith also coached the Oakland Raiders.
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
Do you like J.K. Rowling's books? She wrote The Chronicles of Narnia.
J.K. Rowling also wrote The Cuckoo's Calling and The Cuckoo's Calling.
She also wrote The Casual Vacancy, which was a great book!
Great! Anything else I can help you with?
He starred in Annie Hall and To Rome with Love. Have you seen either of those?
To Rome With Love stars Jennifer Jason Leigh and Liam Neeson. Have you seen it?
Bananas is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Spirited Away has a genre of drama and crime. Do you like those genres?
Shark Night is a similar one.
Then you might like World War Z, or Wildwood Dancing.
You are welcome!
He wrote The Virgin Suicides and The Picture of Dorian Gray. Have you read either?
The Virgin Suicides is a romantic novel. Dorian Suicides interest you?
The Virgin Suicides was released in 1991. It is a novel.
You're welcome
Sure, Seth Rogen is a great movie starring Seth Rogen. Seth Rogen also starred in it.
Seth Rogen starred in Funny People and The Kids Are All Right. Have you seen any of these movies?
Yes, Mindy Kaling also starred in Pineapple Express.
I hope you enjoy it!
He wrote The Virgin Suicides, The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Return of the King. Have you read any of those?
Yes, Miranda Richardson starred in Gideon's Daughter.
Yes, that is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I do. I love her song Call Me Maybe.
I like Whatcha Say and Why Did I Get Married Too. Are you a fan?
Oh yeah, I like that song too. What other genres do you like?
Inception is directed by Christopher Nolan. He also wrote The Dark Knight Rises starring Tom Hardy.
Yes, Christopher Nolan also directed The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
Yes he did. The Prestige is in Fantasy and Sci-Fi Film Noir.
You should check out The Prestige if you like Sci-Fi films.
Waterworld is a Sci-Fi Thriller.
Enjoy the film!
He's a player on the Brazil national football team and he was born in Juazeiro.
Wow, thanks for the information. Did you know Dani Alves plays as a midfielder?
They're 4th in their division right now. Do you have a favorite football team?
I don't know too much about them. I think they are doing a good job with them.
Oh wow. I didn't know that.
Well, would you like me to recommend something else for you?
Charles Dickens was influenced by a great author who also wrote The Old Curiosity Shop and What the Dog Saw.
That is a good book! Well from what I can tell, it was also made into a movie.
Great Expectations is based on a book by Charles Dickens.
I don't have any more information on working on that book. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Glad to be of help
Kierra Cass wrote The Siren, The Queen, and The Selection Stories. Have you read any of these?
Sure, she wrote The Siren. It's part of a series. She also wrote The Dark Knight Rises.
The Siren is a young-adult fiction, and fantasy novel. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome!
Sure! Do you like Tom Cruise because Tom Cruise is in it or because it is a Action/Thriller?
Yes, it is considered a action packed movie.
You might enjoy Lost in Translation.
No problem!
Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell. He also wrote Animal Farm.
Animal Farm is a popular book. It was released in 1949. The sequel, Nineteen Eighty-Four was also released that year.
You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote Relato de un náufrago, Memoria de mis putas tristes.
He wrote The Thorn Birds and The First Man in Rome
Well, it was written by Ken Follett, who also wrote Wild Cards.
Well, if you like books like this one, you might also enjoy The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor.
Hope you enjoy it!
Adam Brown starred in The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smog, The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smog, The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey and more. Are you interested in any of these movies?
The Hobbit was released in 1997.
You're welcome!
Bradley Cooper starred in The Words, The Time Traveler's Wife, The Words, The Rules of Attraction
The Woods was written and directed by Bradley Cooper. It was released in 1997.
The Words is a Romance and Fantasy film. Do you like those genres?
Have you read Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth?
Think and Back Again has genre Young-adult fiction. what else can i do for you?
no what else can i do for you?
you are welcome
Edgar Allan Poe wrote The Tell-Tale Heart, The Raven and Other Poems, have you read any of these?
Raven was released in 1843. He also wrote The Raven.
You are welcome.
I know that he is a Spain national footballer and plays for FC Barcelona, are you a footballer?
I don't know much about them but I do know that they play Manchester United F.C. is also a soccer team.
FC Barcelona is located inBuenos Aires.
Do you like Aladdin because it is a war movie or because it is an action movie?
Have you seen the other Aladdin movies?
You should check out the movie if you like animated films.
Neil Jordan directed The End of the Affair and The Good Thief. Have you seen either of those?
I am not sure who else starred in The Good Thief. However, I can tell you that also starred Ralph Fiennes.
Yes, he did. The End of the Affair is a drama. Do you like drama?
Glad to help!
Quentin Tarantino directed Grindhouse, which is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he was in Grindhouse. Do you like mix music?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on anything else he has done for that movie.
No problem.
Downfalls in the genre of War. Do you like War films?
Downfall is starring Meinhof Complex. Baader Meinhof Complex is starring Meinhof Complex
Baader Meinhof Complex has genre Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Your welcome
I don't really like him. I think he is a very good singer. Do you?
Oh yeah. I like Nicki Minaj as a singer, but I don't really know much of her music. Do you like any of his music?
Oh yeah. Who's your favorite song of hers?
Yes, Cassandra Clare wrote it. Are you familiar with her work?
She also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Sum of All Fears.
Yes, Mortal Instruments is a series
You are welcome
Dress Your Family in Corduroy was written by James Dashner and Denim is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
Me Talk Pretty One Day is actually a comedy, I think you'll really enjoy it!
You are welcome, enjoy!
Fred Willard starred in Youth in Revolt and Roxanne. Do you like Romantic Comedies?
Youth in Revolt is an adventure film. Do you like adventure films?
Your welcome enjoy!
Great! Have a great day!
Great! Have a great day!
Yes, Blood Diamond is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
He starred in Unlawful Entry which is a crime fiction film
It was released in 2004.
CCH Pounder starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Woman in Gold and many more. Would you like to know more?
I don't have any information on other movies he's acted in, however, I can tell you that he also starred in The Spirit, which is a thriller.
Yes, he was in the movie as well.
The Devil Wears Prada stars Anne Hathaway and Meryl Streep.
Meryl Streep recently starred in The Devil Wears Prada and The Devil Wears Prada.
Yes, she was in that movie as well, along with Anne Hathaway.
No problem! Enjoy!
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was released in 1996.
The Other Boleyn Girl and The Looking Glass Wars were also released in 1997.
Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Wayside School is Falling Down.
Okay, let me know if you need more fiction recommendations.
You are welcome! Enjoy!
Sure! Dan Gilroy wrote Angels & Demons, which is a romantic comedy.
The Bourne Legacy is starring Matt Damon and was released in 2013. Dan Gilroy also directed The Mists of Avalon.
Yes, The Bourne Supremacy was a great movie. Nightcrawler is an action movie.
Yes, Hayao Miyazaki directed The Pillars of the Earth. Have you seen that movie?
It is considered a romance, similar to To Rome with Love, have you seen that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that actor. However, Hayao Miyazaki also directed Ponyo.
Yes, Yûki Amami is an anime film, he also starred in The Pianist, have you seen it?
Paul Thomas Anderson wrote There Will Be Blood starring Ethan Hawke.
Boogie Nights starred Matt Damon and Danny DeVito.
You are welcome.
Sure. Paula Hawkins wrote The Great Gatsby and The Red Pony. Have you read either of those?
Sure, The Girl on the Train is a Drama written by Paula Hawkins. Paula Hawkins and Paula Hawkins.
No problem, enjoy the movie!
No problem, have a great day.
Sure, you should check out To Rome with Love, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Manchurian Candidate.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that. However, The Bad Beginning is a speculative fiction book.
You got it. Have a great day.
Yes, Violets Are Blue is considered a mystery novel.
You're welcome!
Vladimir Naokov is best known for his translations such as The Godfather, The Titan, and The Fault in Our Stars. Have you heard of these?
Pinn was influenced by Vladimir Naokov and Vladimir Naokov wrote The Iliad, which is a speculative fiction
Yes, he also wrote Pnin, Pale fire and Lolita
It is speculative fiction
Your welcome
Memoirs of a Geisha was written by Robin Swicord and Arthur Golden.
They have written a book called Memoirs of a Geisha
He wrote Memoirs of a Geisha, have you read it?
Your welcome
Wladimir Klitshcko starred in Ocean Eleven with Hayden Panettiere.
Yes, Wladimir Klitschko starred in Sweet Home Alabama.
Well, Wladimir Klitschko starred in Jurassic Park III.
What a name! That was Wladimir Klitschko movie!
Green Eggs and Ham was written by Dr. Seuss.
There's The Cat in the Hat or The Cat in the Hat. Those are all really good books.
That's correct! Have you heard of There's a Wocket in My Pocket released in 1958?
Well, if you like Kung Fu Panda, you might also like Monsters Vs. Aliens.
Oh yeah, Jack Black also starred in Neverwhere. Have you seen that one?
That's right. He was in No Country for Old Men.
No problem!
Yes. E.B. White wrote The Elements of Style and Charlotte's Web
Safe Haven is a romance novel written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like romance movies?
Benicio Del Toro and Billy Crudup are in the movie. Do you like them?
It was released in 2003, have you seen it?
Yes, if you like family movies you might like The Dozen or The Dozen.
Sure, enjoy the movie!
The Terminator stars Christian Bale and Christian Bale. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Correct. Michael Biehn was also in The Women of Brewster Place.
I don't know much about Paul Winfield but Oprah Winfield starred in The Women of Brewster Place.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
Nata McElhone starred in The Truman Show and The Secret of Moonacre. Have you seen any of those?
The Truman Show was released in 2003.
Sure, it was written by Dan Brown. It is a thriller and was released in 2001.
It is a thriller, do you like this genre?
Have you heard of The Where the Wild Things Are?
Little Bear is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
Great! You might also like the Family Saga, which is also a Family Saga.
You're welcome!
I'll play it for you now.
He directed The Man in the High Castle and The Man in the High Castle. Have you seen either of those?
Inland Empire is a war movie.
Robert Duvall and David Oyelowo are two of the actors in this movie.
It was released in 2013.
Of course. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome.
Gone with the Wind is a war movie. Do you like war movies?
Yes, The Great Gatsby is a drama. Do you like drama?
It's a great movie. The Sound of Music stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Juliet.
Your welcome
Ellen starred in The Stone Angel and The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
Isn't he a tennis player? I don't know much about him.
Yes, I agree. I like Serena too. She has a lot of talent in it.
Oh wow. I didn't know that. I wonder if the Dolphins play at all the time.
Harper Lee wrote To Kill a Mockingbird and it was released in 1960. Do you like that genre?
Then you might like The Manchurian Candidate or The Manchurian Candidate, also written by Harper Lee
You are welcome.
I love Pink. I think she is a great artist. What about you?
Yes, I do. I like Dancer, Dancer, Dancer, How about you?
Wow! I didn't know that. That's a great movie.
Yes, I do. He starred in The Wolverine which is a crime fiction film. Have you seen it?
Yes, Sandra Bullock also starred in The Mask and You Are Not So Smart.
If you are looking for romantic comedies, you might also like You Got Served, You and You will meet a stranger.
You are welcome.
Martin Gardner wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.
The Portable Atheist is a fantasy and Alice's Adventure Film.
The Portable Atheist and Alice's Adventures in Wonderland is a fantasy book
Your welcome
Yes, he plays Midfielder and Forward. Do you like him?
I don't know much about him other than he played as a midfielder.
I didn't know that. I know he was a midfielder.
I don't know much about her but I do know that she is a pro tennis player.
Oh yea that's right. Brett Ratner is a writer and a comedian.
I'm not sure about that, but she is in a Thriller as well.
The Glass Castle was written by Jeannette Walls. She also wrote Half Broke Horses: A True Life Novel.
Rick Riordan wrote that book.
Yes, Alice Sebold wrote The Wonderful Story of Henry Sugar and Six More. Have you read any of these?
It's similar to Wuthering Heights by Alice Sebold.
i do not have any recommedations. what else can i do for you?
Yes. Jack London wrote a lot of fiction novels.
You are welcome
I think she is a great tennis player, did you know she was born in Mumbai?
Who is your favorite athlete?
He was in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
Yes. Usain Bolt was also in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Do you like Thor: The Dark World because it is starring Natalie Portman?
You might like The Assassination of Jesse James by the same author, as Thor: The Dark World.
The movie stars Natalie Portman and Chris Weitz. Would you like to know more about the movie?
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it was released in 2014 and directed by Melissa Benoist and J.K. Simmons. J.K. Simmons starred in it.
Yes Wade Williams also starred in Wrath of the Titans.
I don't believe so, he did star in the Thriller, which is a thriller.
Breakfast of Champions is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Do you like Kurt Vonnegut Jr?
Yes, he also wrote Welcome to the Monkey House and Timequake.
Did you like Doomsday Book because it was a romance?
Mark Waters wrote a favorite of mine, The Amazing Spider-Man.
Yes, John Sayles also wrote and starred in The Spiderwick Chronicles.
It is a fantasy. Do you like those genres?
I like Phil Mickelson, he won the 2005 PGA Championship, he also starred in the movie Tin Cup.
Do you know anything about Phil Mickelson? I heard he won the 2005 PGA as well.
I think it is more of a comedy-drama. Do you like comedies?
Truman Capote wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Breakfast at Tiffany's. Have you read those?
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Wedding Date. Have you seen that movie?
Well, there's The Other Boleyn Girl and The Other Boleyn Girl. They're both interesting.
Yes, he wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
It's a self help book.
That is correct. Spencer Johnson also wrote Who Moved My Cheese: The One Minute Manager.
Sam Taylor-Johnson starred in Nowhere Boy and Fifty Shades of Grey.
Nowhere Boy starred Jennifer Ehle and Fifty Shades of Grey. It's a romantic comedy.
Nowhere Boy is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Well, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas is a crime fiction movie. Do you like this genre?
Yes he did. If you like action films he wrote, you might also like Catch-22. Have you seen that one?
V for Vendetta is more of a Crime Fiction - more of a Crime Fiction - more of a crime fiction.
Yes I do. She wrote The Virgin Blue, The Last Runaway, and The Lady and the Unicorn. Have you read any of these?
The Last Runaway is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in The Mist and The Green Mile. Are you a fan?
If you like Sci-Fi movies you should check out Zoolander. It is a classic.
Great, do you like Crime Fiction movies?
If you like Woody Allen, you should check out Annie Hall.
Yes, he wrote The Water for Elephants which is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedy?
Matt Damon stars in Bourne Legacy
Romance
Zero Dark Thirty
have you watch Jurassic park
anything else
Where the Sidewalk Ends has a genre of Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
Shel Silverstein also wrote Where the Sidewalk Ends: The Poisonwood Bible
Shel Silverstein also wrote The Giving Tree, The Missing Piece.
You're welcome
Isn't he a country singer?
I don't know any of her songs. What type of music do you like?
Yes, I do.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Unbroken A world war II story of survival, resilience and Redemption, have you read it?
It was released in 1999 and it is a book that was released in 2002.
You're welcome!
Oliver Stone wrote The Doors. The Doors is written and directed by Randall Jahnson
The Doors stars Steve Carell, Liam Neeson, and Bill Murray.
Yes, The Doors is a Romance film. Do you like Romance films?
You're welcome.
Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Wise Man's Fear and The Name of the Wind.
You should check out The Name of the Wind if you like that.
You're welcome.
Divergent is a Young-adult fiction and Science Fiction. Do you like those genres?
Well, If you like Young-adult fiction, you might like Wildwood Dancing and Wicked Lovely. Both are Young-adult fictions.
Isn't he a player on the Manchester United F.C?
Yes, he is from Liverpool and plays for Everton FC
I don't know much about Thiago Silva, but I know he is a Brazilian jiu-jitsu champion?
I'm not much of a football fan but I do know they are owned by Bill Bidwill.
Not really a fan of the Miami Dolphins. My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks.
Oh wow! I never heard of that one. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you like pitch because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Anna Kendrick also stars in X-Men Apocalypse which is a Thriller. Do those sound interesting?
Yes, The Last Five Years is a film that was produced and directed by Steven Spielberg.
Sure, do you like Science Fiction movies?
You might enjoy The Three Musketeers or The Vow if you like Drama.
You are welcome.
Yes, he wrote The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus which was adapted into a film.
I think Suresh Raina is an athlete on the India national cricket team.
Not really a fan, but I know a few teams like Xander Berkeley, Xander Berkeley, and Xander Berkeley. Are you a fan?
Kevin O'Brien is a professional cricketer. I don't really know much about it. Is Kevin O'Brien a great player?
Scott Westerfeld wrote Uglies, State of the Union, and Commonwealth. Have you read any of these?
It is a science fiction that was released in 2009
Yes, Pretties was also released that year as well as Pretties
You are welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Spain national football team.
I think I remember that he played as a midfielder on the Spain national team.
Yes, Louis van Gaal also coached Manchester United F.C. I think I am more of a football fan.
I didn't know that, I know Louis van Gaal played for the Netherlands national football team as well.
Joseph Heller wrote The Man in the High Castle and The Man in the High Castle.
Joseph Heller is an American novelist, critic, public speaker, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, and columnist. Does that interest you?
Sure. Fifty Shades Freed is an Erotic romance novel written by E.L. James. Do you like Erotic literature?
If you like that series, you might also like The Gathering. Have you read that?
Bared to You is a Romance novel. Do you want other recommendations?
Yes, it was released in 2016
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, he wrote The Castle and Amerika. Are you a fan?
It's a fiction, similar to Death in the Clouds.
You're welcome!
The book was written by Laura Hillenbrand and it was released in 2010. Do you like this book because of the author or its genre?
Laura Hillenbrand also wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Redemption, and more!
You're welcome!
I'm not much of a basketball fan. Are you a fan?
Yes, William Shakespeare wrote Braveheart. Do you like him?
Yes he did. Do you like his movies?
I know he wrote Braveheart and thats a great movie
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure! He wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer, The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer, and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer. Have you read any of these?
The book was released in 2003.
It's a non-fiction book. Do you like non-fiction?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Washington Redskins sucks. did you know Dwayne Johnson is their coach?
That's right, they were runner up in the Super Bowl XLVIIIIII.
I think he is still playing for the Oakland Raiders. Do you like him?
Girl with a Pearl Earring is written by Tracy Morgan. Do you like speculative fiction?
Yes, The Messenger is Science Fiction and Psychological Thriller.
Snow Crash is a post-apocalyptic fiction novel.
Do you like Tropic Thunder because it stars Tom Cruise or because it is a romantic comedy?
Robert Downey Jr. is one of the stars in Tropic Thunder.
I recommend you to watch The Cable Guy if you like comedy-dramas.
Yes, Diana Gabaldon wrote Never Let Me Go. Are you a fan?
I'm sorry, I don't have information on that.
Zero to One is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
No problem!
He directed an action film called Cutthroat Island, starring Frank langella, and The Long Kiss Goodnight
Reese Witherspoon is in that movie.
It was released in 1997.
Enjoy!
I'm not really a Bears fan but I do know they are having a good season this year.
I think they would have a better chance. They fought a lot in the Super Bowl XLI.
Oh wow. I don't know much about them as I am a fan of the Steelers. The Patriots have won quite a few Super Bowls.
Sure! Doug Liman directed The Bourne Supremacy, The Wildest Dream, and The Wildest Dream. Have you seen any of those?
I'm so sorry, I don't have any information on that.
I don't have that information, but John-Henry also directed it. Do you like his movies?
I don't have that information. However, I can recommend another movie you might enjoy. It stars John Powell.
Yes, John Henry Warrior is the main star of the movie. He also starred in Van Helsing.
Yes, he is a basketball player, and plays for the Miami Heat. Do you like basketball?
I don't have any more information on her. What is Gabrielle Union's work?
Yes, it was. Steve Harvey also wrote and starred in Think Like a Man.
Yes, Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes also starred Shia LaBeouf. Have you seen that one?
If you like sci-fi, you might also like the Pillars of the Earth, which is a sci-fi film.
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
300: Rise of an Empire is one.
300: Rise of an Empire stars Sullivan Stapleton, Peter Mensah and Eva Green.
You're welcome.
I would recommend World War Z, which is a fantasy as well.
I will have to check it out. Thanks for the information.
Eva Green was born in Rochester, New York in 2012.
You are welcome.
I am a fan of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. What is your favorite team?
Oh, I didn't know that. What team did he play for?
That's true. I haven't seen any of the games that they played against the Dodgers.
Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
The film starred Robert Downey Jr. and was directed by Robert Louis Stevenson.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that movie.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Their Eyes Were Watching God is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
It's a great book. It was written by Zora Neale Hurston and is a novel.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
I don't know much about Paul Pogba-do, but I know he is a Midfielder and Forward.
Yes, I think he is a great forward, right?
Haha. I'm a fan of the Alabama fan.
I couldn't find any information on that. Thanks for the information!
Patrick Suskind wrote Sämtliche Erzählungen and Insomnia. Have you read any of those?
Do you like Grapes of Wrath because it is written by John Steinbeck?
Tropic of Cancer has a genre Romance and Fiction. Do you like these genres?
Yes it is a great example of speculative fiction.
I don't have that information, but you might check out The Last Days if you like Anne Tyler. It is a great read.
The author Ann Tyler also wrote Sense and Sensibility a romance novel.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
The Bruges was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Ralph Fiennes, are you a fan of his?
Yes, Tom Waits also starred in Seven Psychopaths.
Helena Mattsson starred in Seven Psychopaths, which is a Crime Fiction Film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, that was a great movie. O Brother, Where Art Thou was written by Francis Ford Coppola and directed by David Koepp.
I don't have any information on other movies she's starred in.
I don't see any other movies starring George Clooney. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Skloot.
It is a science fiction book
He also wrote Neverwhere
Of course! Are you a fan of the author, Henning Koch or do you like it because it is a thriller?
2012 was the year that released You Are Not So Smart. Do you like Crime Fictions?
Sure! Did you like the movie because it was a science fiction movie?
Well then you might like The Looking Glass Wars, which is also in the fantasy genre.
Yes, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban is a great action movie.
Interstellar has a great cast, including Chris Hemsworth, Helena Bonham Carter, and Billy Crudup.
You are welcome.
Yes, The Hungers Games: Catching Fire is written by Suzanne Collins. It is a young-adult fiction book. Do you like her books?
He directed American Pie and The Golden Compass. Have you seen either?
It also starred Chris Weitz. Are you a fan of his?
She also starred in American Pie, have you seen that one?
You are welcome
Isn't he a professional tennis player?
I have never had a chance to watch a match. Who is your favorite tennis player?
It's always more fun to watch. I've been a fan since it was a TV show.
Melina Karakosta wrote Le Petit Prince.
Melina Karakosta also wrote Le Petit Prince.
Yes, Antoine de Saint-Exupéry is a writer and a musician.
Did you like the movie because it was a superhero movie or because it was a superhero movie?
Sure, The Last Stand is a superhero movie, similar to Zombieland.
Logan is a superhero movie, starring Scarlett Johansson and Morgan Freeman.
No problem!
Yes, he wrote the Pixar film Up, have you seen it?
Yes, he directed a lot of movies. Do you like Action/Adventure movies? He wrote them too.
I like drama films as well. Have you seen Toy Story? It is a great one.
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy them.
Sure, Peter Bart wrote The Godfather. The Godfather has genre Drama. what else can i do for you today?
Robert Duvall helped write The Godfather.
The Godfather was released in 1998 and stars Marlon Brando.
Green Mile is written by Stephen King. He also wrote The Shawshank Redemption and The Shawshank Redemption. Have you read those books?
Stephen King also wrote Wolves of the Calla, which is a great horror story
There is a film adapted from the Dead Zone if you haven't seen The Dead Zone. The Dead Zone has genre Thriller.
You are welcome.
You are welcome!
Christina Baker Kline wrote The Orphan Train, have you read that one?
She also wrote A Piece of the World.
All of them fall under the genre fiction.
I Am Legend is starring Will Smith and Emma Thompson and is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Not that I know of, but Will Smith starred in The Pursuit of Happiness. Have you seen that movie?
He was also in The Pursuit of Happiness which is also a Sci-Fi Action movie. Have you seen this one yet?
Hot Fuzz is a black comedy starring Bruce Willis. Are you a fan of his movies?
Hot Fuzz is an action and adventure film. Another action movie that is similar is The Mask. Have you seen that one yet?
Yes, it is. If you like Adventure movies you might also like You Got Served, You will like it.
Yes, he is a lyricist
I like a lot of people like Taylor Swift, how about you?
I haven't had a chance to hear his music. What a blast from his?
Harper Lee wrote To Kill a Mockingbird. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes it was. The Incredible Journey was also written by William Shakespeare.
Yes, Les Miserables is a great comedy starring Bruce Willis and Joan Rivers. Do you like comedies?
You might enjoy The River, The Book of Eli which is a musical theater movie.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other recommendations for those films.
Yes, The Deer Hunter is starring Jack Nicholson and Deer Hunter is an action film.
It was directed by Quinn K. Redeker
Yes, Meryl Streep has a talent in many movies.
Nicky Katt and Judy Greer are in the movie.
I don't really follow them. I think they are a pretty good team. What about you?
Have you been to any of the games?
Cold Mountain starring Danny DeVito and Richard Linklater.
I did. Didn't she star in Shark Night? That's a great movie.
Cold Mountain was a great movie. If you like that you might also like You Got Served, You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger.
J. K. Simmons is a writer, screenwriter, musician, and playwright. He is also a director.
J.K. Simmons has starred in many thriller films including Zero Dark Thirty, The Shark Knight, and The Warriors of Brewster Place. Have you seen any of those?
It has a great cast including Katharine McPhee, Joshua Leonard, and Frank Grillo.
Yes, Ronan Bennett and Johnny Depp starred in Public Enemies. Do you like thrillers?
Oh yeah, he was in The Rum Diary and L.A. Without a Map. Have you seen those?
You might like The Rum Diary if you like Dramas.
Do you like Dramas? If so, check out The Rum Diary.
Bruce Willis and Sela Ward are in The Fugitive.
I don't have that information.
Same here. You should check out Return of the Jedi as well.
You might enjoy the Star Wars Holiday Special, it is a romance film.
Yes, he was in that movie as well. If you haven't seen it I recommend it.
You're welcome!
J. M. Barrie wrote The Little Friend and The Goldfinch. Have you read those?
Sure, do you like Peter Pan because it is a fantasy?
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the France national football team.
I think he plays for the France national football team.
You're welcome!
Yes, Fast Five is starring Vin Diesel. Paul Walker starred in it as well.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on other action movies he has starred in.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Joh Favreau wrote A Very Long Engagement. Have you read that book?
Yes Jonathan Silverman also starred in Made which is a TV drama.
You should check that out as well. It is a Comedy-drama.
Yes, and Kevin Nealon also starred in Wrath of the Titans as well.
Yes he did. The Gazebobobo is a romantic comedy.
I will have to check that out, thanks for the information!
Sure, Seth MacFarlane wrote and directed the movie True Grit. Have you seen that movie?
Family Guy is starring Seth MacFarlane and Seth MacFarlane and is a Comedy.
Yes Seth MacFarlane wrote and directed and starred in True Grit.
Skyfall stars Thomas Lennon and David Oyelowo
Yes, he has starred in The Improbable Adventures of Sherlock Holmes and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Cassandra Clare produced this film.
It is a drama. Do you like drama?
Yes, I do. Adventure is a great movie.
You're welcome!
Is it the book written by Charlaine Harris? Do you like it because it is a Romance novel?
If you like Janet Evanovich, you might also like Dead to the World. It's a mystery too.
I would recommend Dead to the World, if you like vampire stories.
You're welcome.
Sure, David O. Russell is an actor. He directed The Devil Wears Prada. Are you familiar with that movie?
It is a fantasy movie. Do you like that genre?
Yes he was in it as well.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, that was a great book. Did you know that John Green wrote that book?
I didn't know he was in that film, but I know he was influenced by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
The Fault in Our Stars in 2012. It was also turned into a movie.
Max Brooks wrote World War Z, have you read that?
World War Z was released in 2004.
Sure thing! Hope you enjoy it!
No problem!
Ryan Reynolds starred in X-Men Origins and in Woman or Gold, have you seen those?
You should check out The Proposal if you like action.
I hope you enjoy them!
Rufus Beck wrote Saphurblau recently and Emile Zola.
The Hobbitt is a fantasy movie like Lord of the Rings.
Have you watched The Good Doctor or The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen? They are both great movies.
Yes, Michael Endes wrote the Neverending Story, along with Defending Jacob.
Do you like because Tom Cruise is in it or because it is a Action/Adventure movie?
I don't know much about Tom Cruise, but I do know that he starred in Vanilla Sky with Steve Carell.
Happy to help!
Enjoy the movie!
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I do. Did you know he was in a romantic relationship with Cameron Diaz from Shrek.
Yes I have and if you like Sissy Spacek, he also starred in Speed Racer.
I like it too it is a Romantic Comedy if you like that kind of movie.
Yes, it was written by Robert Wade and Ian Fleming and Robert De Niro.
If you like action films, you might also like Without a Trace. It is in the same genre.
Yes, Redford is a Spy film. It was directed by Cameron Crowe.
Yes, he is a Mexican professional footballer who plays as a striker for Manchester United and the Mexico national football team.
Yes, I think Manchester United F.C is coached by Sergio Leon. Do you like basketball?
You are welcome.
O Alquimista was written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988. The same year as The Alchemist.
Paulo Coelo wrote Alan R. Clare, have you read that?
No. Onze minutos is also written by Paulo Coelho.
He starred in movies like Turbulence, The Shawshank Redemption, The Mist and The Green Mile. Have you seen any of these movies?
Yes, he did. Did you know that Holly starred in The Mists of Avalon?
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he is an athlete on the Germany national football team.
I know they are a part of the NFL.
I like to watch Basketball. What about you?
My favorite team is the Redskins. Who is your favorite player?
Yes, The invention of wings is a book and film. It was released in 1982.
Yes, Tom Cruise starred in The Last Samurai. Do you like his movies?
Yes, he starred in The Pink Panther. Would you like to know who else was in that movie?
Andy Garcia was great in No Country for Old Men, No Country for Old Men, and No Country for Old Men.
Yes, Andy Garcia was also in The Other Boleyn Girl, The Perfect Score, and The Other Boleyn Girl.
You're welcome!
I think they are a pretty good team but I don't like their coach Gary Kubiak. Do you like them?
I have not seen that movie, isn't Ned Beatty in any other sports?
Yes, I have. Jerry Maguire was great and also starred in X-Men Origins.
I'm also a fan of the Hoosiers. Have you seen that one?
He wrote Wars: The Kingdom, The Kingdom, and The Kingdom. Do you like War movies?
It is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy? If you like Liam Neeson, it is a great movie.
You're welcome.
Wonder was written by R.J. Palacio. Are you familiar with this author?
Yes, Wonderland is written by R.J. Palacio. Are you familiar with this author?
Yes. Would you like to know more about this book?
World War Z was also released that year
your welcome
Bill Murray is a great actor. He starred in Zombieland. Have you seen that movie?
Yes. Wild Things also starred Susan Sarandon and Jamie Fox
Yes, she wrote The Scarlet Letter
She wrote The Sun Also Rises. It was released in 1850.
It is a Romance novel.
Lifetime was written in 1850. It has genres Romance and Historical Novel.
Have you heard of Wildwood Dancing? It was also written by J.R.R. Tolkien
Yes, I do. It was written by J.D. Salinger and released in 1817.
Pride and Prejudice, Persuasion, Persuasion, and Pride and Prejudice, Persuasion.
If you liked romance, you might enjoy Xenocide or Wyrd Sisters.
Great, enjoy!
Yes, do you like Thrillers like this one
Tower Heist is a comedy/mystery movie. Do you like comedies?
Tower Heist has a genre of Thriller and Drama.
You might like Catch-22 which is a crime movie you might like.
She wrote оскресение and оскресение.
Yes, Tolstoys War and Peace is in English.
Glad to be of help
Yes, that's a great movie. It's a fantasy movie. Do you like Fantasy movies?
He starred in Troy, too! Have you seen that movie?
Yes, The Memory Keeper's daughter is a classic written by Kim Edwards.
The Secrets of a Fire King and The Lake of Dreams are some other books he has written. Do those sound interesting?
Did you know the Lake of Dreams was a movie?
Snow Crash is a Speculative Fiction book written by Neal Stephenson. Do you like that author?
Sure! Chris Evans has starred in What's Your Number and The Perfect Score.
Natalie Portman and Jean-Marc Vallee also star in the film. Do you like her movies?
I don't have any information on what year the movie was released, however, What's Your Number is a romantic comedy.
Your welcome.
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. He also wrote V for Vendetta.
Yes, he wrote it.
No problem. Anything else?
Have a great day.
Sure! He is a Swiss professional tennis player. Do you enjoy tennis?
Yes, I am a fan, but I don't know much about Switzerland.
Yes, he has played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
Running with Scissors is a book with a Sci-Fi theme. Do you like this genre?
A Wolf at the Table is a fictional book that was released in 1982. It was also written by Charles Dickens.
You're not sure about the sequel. It is written and directed by Augusten Burroughs.
Enjoy!
Yes, it was written by Jared Diamond. Do you like Jared Diamond?
It's a comedy. Do you like those genres?
Woody Allen wrote that one as well.
Do you like dark movies? Wes Craven wrote Scream 4.
Well, if you like horror, you might also like Scream 4 or Night of the Demons. Do those sound interesting?
Yes, he did. If you like his work, I highly recommend it.
Glad to help!
Sure, Anne Rice wrote Vittorio the Vampire and Vittorio the Vampire
Yes, Vittorio the Vampire was released in 1974 by John Steinbeck. I am not sure of his other works.
Yes, she did. Also, The Devil Wears Prada was also released that year.
The Graveyard Book is a Speculative Fiction and Fantasy. Do you like that genre?
Neil Gaiman also wrote Neverwhere. It is considered children's literature and children's literature.
You're welcome!
Lois Lowry wrote The Subtle Knife and The Fountainhead. Do either of those sound interesting?
It's considered a satire and biography. Do you like those genres?
The Giver was released in 2003.
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like his work?
Sure! Duncan Jones wrote and directed The Making of Star Wars. Do you like Science Fiction movies?
Moon starred Jamie Lee Curtis, Scott Glenn, and Richard Portnow.
It's considered a sci-fi, thriller, and action film.
I'm not much of a football fan but I do know they are owned by Mike Zimmer and Leslie Frazier.
I hope they have a chance. How do you feel about the Seattle Seahawks having a chance?
Oh wow, I wish to see the Cowboys. Who is your favorite player?
I have never seen a game but if I was a fan of the Seattle Seahawks. Who is your favorite player?
Have you seen the Star Wars Holiday Special? It was written by George Lucas.
George Lucas was the director.
Yes, he also directed Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi
Yes, I do. The Bourne Legacy is starring Matt Damon and was written by Tony Gilroy
Yes, he was in Thor and also starred Shawnee Smith.
Hope you enjoy it. Have a great day.
Do you like Fantasy books? You might also like The Looking Glass Wars.
Yes, J.R.R. Tolkien also wrote Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth.
Snow White and the Huntsman was directed by John Lee Hancock. Do you like John Lee Hancock?
Of course. The main star in Grimm's Fairy Tales is Nicolas Cage.
He was also in The People Speak, Push, and Push, to name a few.
You're welcome.
Sure, The Lightning Thief is a young-adult fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Yes, I have read The Lightning Thief and The Titan's Curse. Do those sound interesting?
It's a fantasy, similar to Wuthering Heights and The Lightning Thief.
I hope you enjoy it!
She starred in Water for Elephants and The Devil's Advocate. Have you seen either of those?
She wrote, directed, and starred in The Devil Wears Prada. Are you familiar with that movie?
Tom Hanks and Tim Allen starred in that movie.
Inception is starring Michael Gaston. Michael Gaston starred in Inception. Michael Gaston starred in Inception.
Yes, The Prestige is written by Christopher Nolan.
For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway. Are you interested in his work?
He wrote To Have and Have Not and The Sun Also Rises. Both are good books.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Stefan Kapicic starred in Deadpool, Deadpool, Deadpool. Have you seen any of these movies?
Deadpool also stars Stefan Kapicic and Stefan Kapicic. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Deadpool has genre Romance
I love James! He wrote and starred in The Lion, The Witch, and The Wardrobe. Have you seen any of those?
Haha, I wonder if that's what I'm seeing here.
Haha, I wonder if he had a voice on that. What other sports do you like?
The Fault in Our Stars is written by John Green. He also wrote Paper Towns.
Yes, The Fault in Our Stars is a young-adult fiction book written by John Green. Do you like that genre?
Have you read Looking for Alaska? It is also a young-adult fiction.
Yes. This Lullaby was written by John Green. He also wrote Paper Towns.
Enjoy!
Sure. He starred in Your Highness, Whatever Works, and Whatever Works. Have you seen any of those?
Whatever It Takes is starring Matt Damon and was released in 1999.
It was released in 2004 and was directed by Roland Emmerich.
Enjoy!
Yes, she wrote The Bonesetter's Daughter. Have you read that book?
Yes, it's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
Yes, it's similar to Wuthering Heights.
Yes, he starred in The Apostle. Have you seen that movie?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But Robert Duvall also wrote Ghostbusters.
I'm not sure, but Robert Duvall also starred in Ghostbusters.
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. Mark Waters wrote and directed V for Vendetta.
Tobey Maguire was also in that movie. Do you like her work?
It appears to be a Romance film. Would you like to know who else was in it?
You're welcome!
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to know other books by her?
Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility are two books she wrote.
She wrote White Oleander as well as Paint it Black.
White Oleander was a Speculative Fiction novel and was released in 1981.
You're welcome.
Akira Kurosawa was a great actor. He was also in Seven Samurai and Ran.
He starred in X-Men: The Last Stand and World War Z. Have you seen those?
It appears that he starred in Seven Samurai as well as Akira Kurosawa.
I'll send you a link now.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was directed by Chris Columbus.
Yes, he wrote Les Miserables.
That is correct. The book was released in 1862
Muc is a classic!
Did you know he is also a composer and a musician?
Once Upon a Time in the West is a western film similar to Once Upon a Time in the West.
Shane is a great actor, one of the best known actors in the world. It was released in 1988
You are welcome!
Jodi Picoult wrote Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts. Have you read those?
You might like The Looking Glass Wars. It's written by Frank Beddor.
You're welcome!
Yes, Charles Dickens is a great author! He wrote The Old Curiosity Shop, The Old Curiosity Shop, and Oliver Twist to name a few.
Charles Dickens also wrote A Christmas Carol, The Old Curiosity Shop and Oliver Twist. Have you read those?
Yes, he did. That book was released in 1838. Have you read A Christmas Carol?
That's right! I hope you enjoy it!
Have a great day!
He is a basketball player who was drafted to play point guard for the Seattle Supersonics.
No, I'm a fan. What about you?
I like to watch college football
Not yet. I'll have to check them out.
Yes, Hellboy is a great movie. Did you know that Nicolas Cage starred in it?
He also directed Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that one?
No, Hellboy is more of a Romantic Comedy, if you liked that genre.
Atlas Shrugged is written by Leonard Peikoff and Ayn Rand. It is a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he did write We Are the Living as well. Do you like his books?
It was released in 1957 as a part of a series of books.
If I Stay is a Thriller, yes, If I Stay is a Thriller. Is that the genre you are looking for?
Have you read Wicked Lovely or Wildwood Dancing? They are both young-adult fiction books.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Mark Osbourne directed Kung Fu Panda. It is a family comedy. Do you like comedies?
Yes, Seth Rogan starred in The Little Prince, Kung Fu Panda 2 and also The Little Prince.
Yes, he starred in The Kids Are All Right, which is a comedy/drama.
Great! You should also check out The Rules of Attraction.
The author James Patterson wrote 1st to Die, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Katherine Paterson wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
Yes, The Great Gilly Hopkins is a great book. If you like Fiction you should check out Wuthering Heights or Xenocide.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
I'm not really a basketball fan but I do know that they are located in Oakland. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure where the team is located. What sports do you like?
Not much. I am more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
Yes, he is a cricket player from Delhi. Do you like cricket?
Yes, I like the Buffalo Bills.
That's right. Bridget Moynahan starred in Coyote Ugly.
Sure, John Boyne wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read that?
The Boy in the Striped Pajamas is a children's literature. Do you like children's literature?
It was released in 2006, the same year The Lion, The Witch and The Wardrobe came out.
Glad I could help!
I do, actually! It was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
I do not know who starred in Blood In, Blood Out. It is a crime thriller.
It was released in 1999.
No problem!
Divergent is from the Utopian and Dystopian fiction genre. Would you like to know more about movies in that genre?
Cool, then you might like Young Adult films like The Giver, Wildwood Dancing or Wildwood Dancing.
Sure Besides Elle s'appelait Sarah, Tatiana de Rosnay wrote Boomerang.
Yes, Tatiana de Rosnay did write Boomerang.
She also wrote Relato de un náufrago, and Tron to name a few.
You're welcome.
She wrote the Childrens novel Black Beauty
Anna Sewell was influenced by William Shakespeare.
You're welcome.
I have a favorite song by them is Whatcha Say. Do you like them?
I don't think he did play any instruments.
I think it was a show as well.
Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline and was released in 2013.
Orphan Train is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
Do you like the author Christina Baker Kline? She wrote A Piece of the World.
Glad to help!
L.A. Confidential is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Hmmm, I'm not sure about that. But if you like Kevin Spacey, you might like Beyond the Sea.
It's a drama. Do you like drama?
You are welcome.
Yes, J.J. Cohen starred in Back to the Future.
Yes, Back to the Future with Lea Thompson is a great comedy movie.
Yes, she wrote The Time Traveler's Wife which is a suspense book. Do either of those sound interesting?
Yes, he did. It was a great movie.
You're right, I think you'll enjoy it.
Yes, Zodiac is a crime fiction film as well.
No problem!
He's great! He's a great actor. He starred in Zookeeper and You've Been Warned.
Yes he does. It's my favorite team!
Not much of a Packers fan but if I had to choose from my favorite, I like the Seattle Seahawks.
Sure, he directed The Hobbit and The Emperor's New Groove. Have you seen those?
Unfortunately, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Hayao Miyazaki also starred in The Winner, which is a great film!
I'm sorry I don't have any information on that. I'm sorry.
You are welcome.
The Bourne Identity is starring Matt Damon. Matt Damon also starred in The People Speak, The Devil's Advocate and The Devil's Advocate.
Have you heard of White House Down? That was also written by Matt Damon.
LOL! Have a great day!
It's a psychological thriller. Do you like those types of movies?
Can I help you with anything else?
I am a huge fan of him. He is a quarterback for the Denver Nuggets.
Oh yeah. He was a quarterback for the Seattle Seahawks. My favorite team is the Redskins.
Well, hoping they have a good chance.
Sure! Have you seen Hudson Hawk? It's a great movie.
Great! Have you seen A Good Day to Die Hard? It's a classic.
I don't know of any other actors in this movie. Do you know of any other actors that starred in it?
Yes, Elisabeth Shue is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
Will do. I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Gran Torino is starring Clint Eastwood and Dreama Walker. Do you like Clint Eastwood films?
That movie has Cory Hardrict in that movie as well as Kevin Costner. Do you like his movies?
Nicole Kidman starred in the day as well as Cory Hardrict.
You're welcome!
Brandon Sanderson wrote Radiance and Warbreaker, have you read those?
Warbreakers is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome.
Do you like Mandy Moore? She wrote Tangled.
Sure! One of my favorites is The Good Doctor. Have you seen that one?
Yes, she was in that movie as well as Mary Shelley's Frankenstein. Have you seen that one?
Ender's Game is a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Orson Scott Card is an American novelist, critic, public speaker, essayist, essayist, and columnist. He writes in several genres but is considered science fiction.
Well, you might also like Wizards of Waverly Place or Wizards of Waverly Place.
Great, enjoy!
He directed the thriller The Devil Wears Prada. Did you see that movie?
He did star in the movie The Devil Wears Prada
You're welcome
Anthony Daniels starred in The Making of Star Wars with Harrison Ford. Are you familiar with that movie?
Anthony Daniels has been in many films including What Lies Beneath as well as many others. Do you like Fantasy?
You are welcome, enjoy the movie!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, do you like Forrest Gump because it stars Tom Hanks?
No, I don't know any others, but Winston Groom is a romantic comedy
your welcome
That's a great book! It was written by Charles Dickens. He also wrote The Old Curiosity Shop. Have you read it?
Mickey's drama is great. Did you know Murray starred in Ghostbusters?
Yes, The Black Cat is a classic. I highly recommend it.
Yes. I love the book.
I'm glad to help.
I don't really like them. I think they are a pretty good team. What about you?
Yeah, they were drafted to the New England Patriots.
John wasdrafted to the Seattle Seahawks. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I did, did you know Sirius Satellite Radio was a comedy?
Watership Down was written by Richard Adams. Do you like his books?
Yes, The Lord of the Rings: The Lion, The Witch and the Wardrobe is also speculative fiction book
Yes, it is considered children's literature as well. Another good children's literature that you might enjoy is The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
I don't know much about them. I know they are owned by Ken Whisenhunt and owned by Bud Adams.
They were the runner up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Maybe I would like to hear more about them as well. Who is your favorite player?
Sure, Brad Pitt starred in Troy, World War Z, and The Tree of Life. Are you familiar with those?
Have you heard of A Good Day to Die Hard? It is also a historical film.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
Sure, I'll add it now. Enjoy!
Yes, I do. Did you like the Sci-Fi aspect of it?
If you like Sci-Fi, you might also like X-Men, World War Z, or World War Z.
Oh yes, that was a great movie! It stars Jennifer Freeman and Jason Priestley. Do you like those actors?
Oh cool! I'll add that one to your watch list!
Yes. 50/50 is a Romance Film. Do you like Romance films?
Yes, he was in tv comedy, 3rd Rock from the Sun.
I'm sorry, I don't have anymore information on that show.
Do you like Romance novels? If so Zero Dark Thirty is a good book.
Nicholas Sparks is the author of this book.
Yes, it's written in English and has a genre of Young-adult fiction.
I think he is a great quarterback and is married to Gisele
Well, enjoy the movies Wildcats.
Oh yeah, Couples Retreat was fun to watch. Couples Retreat was fun to watch. Couples Retreat was fun.
Aliens is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Aliens is written by Ronald Shusett.
Volcano and the Transformer series was directed by Roland Emmerich. Do you like Sci-Fi as well?
Tommy Lee Jones starred in the Sci-Fi Adventures of the Galaxy. Have you seen that one?
Yes he was in Dante's Peak and also starred in Expendables 2.
You're welcome.
I would. It was written by Eric Stoller and Eric Stoller. It was released in 2002.
He has starred in many movies including The Sun Also Rises and The Skin Trade.
Great, which genre you prefer? thrillers are Shark Night, starring Kyla Pratt
Sure! Leonard Nimoy starred in The Halloween Tree, Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home, and many more. Have you seen any of these movies?
Walter Koeing starred in X-Men: First Class. Would you like to hear more about Walter Koeing?
The Voyage Home starred Walter Koeing and Jake Gyllenhaal. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
You're welcome!
Have a great day!
Inside Man is a Thriller starring Denzel Washington. Do you like Denzel Washington? That's a thriller.
If you like Thrillers you might enjoy Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt. It's a great thriller.
Happy to help!
I think he is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Premier League club Chelsea and the Spain national team.
Do you know anything about American Football? I don't really know much about it.
I don't know much about tennis, but I know he has won a Bravo award.
I don't really know much about them other than they are owned by Jay-Z.
I am not sure, but I do know that Jason Kidd starred in the movie The Brooklyn Nets.
Yes, he did. Who is your favorite coach?
Memento is a Thriller starring Kevin Spacey, Kevin Spacey, and many more. Do you like this genre?
Yes, William Morgan Sheppard starred in The Prestige.
Yes, I have seen Wild at Heart and Transormers as well.
Yes, he is a composer, record producer, lyricist, singer, and songwriter
Rita Ora is a dance pop artist. Do you like that genre?
I hope you enjoy it!
Adam Brown starred in The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smog, The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smog, and The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey.
You might also enjoy Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth. Are you familiar with these actors?
Great. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Added.
Great, enjoy the movies!
Yes, James Harden is a shooting guard, shooting guard, and shooting guard, have you seen any of these movies?
Yes, he is. I have heard a lot about him lately. Is he a basketball player?
Yes, he is the current coach of the Los Angeles Lakers.
Harrison Ford and Ray Liotta were in it. Do you like them?
Yes, Shia LaBeouf starred in Indiana Jones and the Crystal Skull
World War Z is a different movie
your welcome
Crescendo is written by Paulo Coelho and is a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Becca Fitzpatrick also wrote Sweet Home Alabama and The Champion of the World.
Great, I hope you enjoy the books!
Sure, The thrillers are; The Scorch Trials, The Scorch Trials, The Scorch Trials, The Scorch Trials, The Scorch Trials, The Scorch Trials, The Kill Order, and The Scorch Trials.
Young Adult Fiction is starring Kristen Stewart and Anna Kendrick.
Cool! You're welcome.
Sure. Jake Gyllenhaal has starred in a number of movies including End of Watch, The Day After Tomorrow, The Day After Tomorrow, and The Day After Tomorrow. Have you seen any of these?
Well, The Prince of Persia is a fantasy, but also falls under the genre of Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, The Day After Tomorrow is a good one, which is a suspense movie you might enjoy.
Yes, he directed friends with Benefits. Emma Stone and Andy Samberg are in it.
Annie is starring Woody Harrelson, Peter Rabbit and Liam Neeson
Jamie Foxx also starred in We Bought a Zoo which is an action film.
The Notebook is a romance novel written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like romance books?
Yes, he was. He was influenced by Message in a Bottle.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Taylor Swift was one of the author of Message in the Beast.
Yes Patrick Conroy wrote Prince of Tide and Other Stories.
Glad I could help!
Yes, Twilight: The Complete Illustrated Movie Companion is written by David Koepp and stars Jennifer Jason Leigh.
Twilight: The Complete Illustrated Movie Companion is a romance novel. Do you like Romance films?
You're welcome!
Sure, Good in Bed is written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Nicholas Sparks books, or are you interested in other books by her?
Chris Bigsby wrote The Crucible and All My Sons.
Yes he did. The Crucible is a musical. Do you like musicals?
He also wrote The Crucible, it's a tragedy, and The Book of Eli.
No I don't have any information on that.
I don't really like them. I think they are a pretty good team. What about you?
They're not as good as they once were. Do you like Super Bowls?
They have a chance to win the Patriots, which is a Super Bowl XLIII which I think is their coach.
Lolita is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
It is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
I do as well. Enjoy reading!
No problem. Enjoy
Yes, I love his music. Did you know he starred in a movie called Better Luck Tomorrow.
Yes, Jessica Biel also starred in The Time Traveler's Wife with Jessica Biel.
No, I haven't seen Southland Tales, but I know it was written and directed by David Ayer.
Both were written by J.K. Rowling. They were released in 2016. She also wrote a book called The Silkworm.
Have you read Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, Parts One and Two?
It was released in 2013, the same year The Silkworm was released.
You might like The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor, or The Lost City of Ember.
Sorry, I don't have that information. But, I know it was released in 1998.
Both were written by J.K. Rowling. They were released in 2016. She also wrote a book called The Silkworm.
He also wrote The Casual Vacancy, The Silkworm, The Silkworm, The Silkworm, and The Silkworm.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
I'm sorry, I don't show the book in English.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Glad to help!
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like sci-fi movies?
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the France national football team.
I like Basketball as well. What is your favorite team?
I loved that show. I was a huge TV fan. I also like Space Jam.
Yes I do. I loved the show when it came out. I'm more of a baseball fan.
No, I don't have any favorites.
Inception is starring Michael Gaston. Michael Gaston also starred in Inception.
Yes, and Juliet Marillier starred in it as well.
Enigma is a drama, released in 2012. It also stars Sylvester Stallone.
Will do. Enjoy!
Rob Reiner is an author who wrote This Is Spinal Tap.
If you like Harry Met Sally, you might enjoy The Other Boleyn Girl, The Skulls, or The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you seen any of those?
He produced The Met Sally and The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you seen them?
Your welcome.
Jamie Ford wrote Songs of Willow Frost.
I'm not sure of the release date.
You are welcome.
I agree, she has a good voice. I like the Muppets more than her songs.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that with her.
It's a romantic comedy. I think you would like it.
Do you like Michael Parks because it is a comedy or because of the genre?
They didn't win the World Series. I think they were a good team.
Baseball is my favorite but I am a fan of the Dallas Cowboys. What about you?
My local team is the Red Sox, but my favorite team is the Red Sox. Do you have a favorite team?
I think he is a great golfer, do you follow golf?
He won the 2005 PGA Championship, 2006, and a few more recent one.
That's what I heard of Phil Mickelson. Did you know Phil Mickelson was born in Tampa, Florida?
Yes, The Hurt Locker stars Katharine McPhee and Jack Nicholson.
Yes he did. Thor also starred Evangeline Lilly and Evangeline Lilly.
Sure. Written by Jeremy Renner, he also starred in The Last Samurai.
Sure, added to your watch list.
Yes, the Arizona Cardinals play in the National Football League.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. what else can i do for you?
i do like college football. what about you?
I don't know much about him other than he's a Brazilian professional footballer.
I don't know much about Manchester other than he plays for the Premier League team, however I do know that Sergio Aguero is from Barcelona.
I love football. I'm a huge fan of the Buffalo Bills.
El amor en los tiempos del cólera was written in 1985 by Gabriel Garcia Marquez.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
Yes, it is written in English and written in English.
Along Came a Spider is written by James Patterson, have you read any of his books?
Yes, it is also a thriller, similar to Zoolander.
It was written by Joseph Heller and is in the Psychological Fiction genre.
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. It was written by Ian McEwan and stars Thomas Lennon and Clement Hurd
Have you seen The Cuckoo's Calling? It is also in the War genre.
Have you heard of A Mighty Wind? It is also a Tragicomedy.
Bob Peck wrote Jurassic Park III and Jurassic Park III.
Ok, if you like that one, you might also like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
Sure, some of the actors in that movie are Billy Crudup, Billy Crudup, and Billy Crudup.
No problem, enjoy!
Snow Flower and the Secret Fan was written by Lisa See and the sequel Snow Flower and the Secret Fan, are you interested in other books by her or books in general?
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
I hope you enjoy it! Have a great day!
I didn't know that, I'm a big fan of badminton but I remember watching the Olympics. Is it your favorite sport?
That is true. Did you know Rajiv Gandhi also participated in the 2012 Summer olympics?
Yes that is the Tragicall Historie of Hamlet by Shakespeare is the same.
If you liked Romeo and Juliet, you might also enjoy A Midsummer Night's Dream, if you liked that.
No. I don't have any information on that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, do you like Sense and Sensibility because it's a romance novel?
She also wrote Sense and Sensibility and Sense and Sensibility
I think he's a great singer and song writer. Do you like him?
Yes, Anna Kournikova is also a musician.
Did you know he dated Anna Kournikova? She is a dance-pop artist.
The Aviator is starring Leonardo DiCaprio and Frances Conroy.
In The Aviator starring Leonardo DiCaprio is a great movie. Another great movie starring Leonardo DiCaprio is The Aviator.
I am not sure about that, but Kelli Garner also starred in The Aviator. That is a great movie!
Ok.
He directed a favorite of mine, Summer of Sam, which is a drama. Do either of those interest you?
Yes, Jennifer Esposito is also in that movie. It is a romantic comedy. Do you like this genre?
You're welcome.
She wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read either?
The Swan Thieves is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Swan Thieves is a drama and comedy. Do you like that genre?
Sure thing! Hope you enjoy!
Justin Rose is a professional Golfer from London.
what is your fav player?
i haven't seen any tennis matches. who is your fav player?
Baseball is the best. what sports do you follow?
i have never been to a professional boxing event. how about you?
i have heard of him being a good athlete. who is your fav player?
I think they are a pretty good team. Do you like them?
Cam Newton. He was a midfielder.
Who is your favorite Patriots team?
I would recommend Un di Velt Hot Geshvign by Marion Wiesel.
I do! Un di Velt Hot Geshvign was written in English and released in 1958. It is a novel.
Great. Then you might also like The Power of Forgiveness.
Ethan Suplee wrote Vulgar
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on on on Vulgar. but Ethan Suplee starred in The Mask.
Yes. William Scott starred in the film.
You are welcome.
Sure. The band works include Thriller, Music, Music, and Music.
Yes, Gwyneth Paltrow has been with Gwyneth Paltrow.
I believe Coldplay is a touring tour.
You're welcome.
Not really, but I know they were the runner-up in super bowl XLIII.
That is correct. Do you have a favorite football team?
Oh, I see. I don't follow any of the other teams as well.
Oh wow! Thanks for the info!
Terry George has directed Hotel Rwanda, starring Sophie Okonedo and Robert Duvall.
He also worked on the film Wag the Dog. Have you seen that movie?
Hotel Rwanda is a drama. Do you like drama?
Enjoy!
Beatrix Potter wrote The Tale of Peter Rabbit.
It was released in 2003 and is a Novel genre.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But The Tale of Peter Rabbit has genre Speculative Fiction.
You're welcome!
Yes, X-Men Origins is written by Hilary Mantel.
He has also starred in The Wolverine, The Rules of Attraction and The Wolverine.
The Turbo is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like those genres?
I'm sorry I don't have any information on the proposal.
Yes, The Proposal is a romantic comedy.
Alice in Wonderland was written by Tim Burton. He also wrote Alice in Wonderland.
He also wrote Alice in Wonderland. What else can I do for you?
Great! Anything else I can help you with?
Have a great day!
The Incredibles is written by Brad Bird. Brad Bird starred in Ratatouille. what else can i answer for you today?
Yes, The Incredibles was adapted into a movie starring Bradbury. Have you seen that movie?
I am not sure who else starred in Ratatouille. I only know that Jeff Bridges was also in Ratatouille.
Yes, he was a basketball player who played point guard for the Denver nuggets
Not much. I'm more of a fan of it. What sports do you enjoy?
Not much. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite?
I'm more of a Bears fan myself.
I've heard of the Seattle Seahawks, but never won a championship.
Yes, Fight Club is a Thriller starring Brad Pitt. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, I love her music. Do you like her music?
Did you know that she starred in a movie called Footloose?
Oh okay, I like pop music. What genres do you like?
I prefer Heavy metal, but I would recommend X-Men 2. It's pretty good.
Hot Fuzz is a comedy starring Danny DeVito and Bill Murray. Do you like the comedy genre?
A movie similar to Shooter is Nothing to Lose, have you seen that one?
Shooter is written by Stephen Hunter, but falls under the genre Thrillers. Would you like to hear more of his movies?
Nicolas Cage starred in The Rum Diary.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him other than he's a golfer. Do you like golf?
That's right. Did you know he won the 2005 PGA Championship?
I have not played any but I do like golf more. How about you?
Serenity stars Jennifer Jason Leigh and Liam Neeson.
No problem! Have a great day!
You're welcome.
It's both a Sci-Fi and Action Film.
You're welcome!
Sure, Michael Gondy is a writer, director, and director. He wrote The Pallbearer, which is a sci-fi film.
Michael Gondry was in Be Kind Remind. Did you know he also starred in Be Kind Remind?
I love them! Adam Levine is a great vocalist. Do you like them?
I like their music alot, how about you, which is your favorite?
Okay, I'll have to check that out.
Yes, I am a fan of his. Did you know he was in The Wiz and The Golden Compass?
I didn't know that! She was a musician in that film as well.
That's right. I'll have to check it out.
He plays for the Argentina national football team, Manchester United, and Manchester United.
Manchester is a great team. I prefer American Football, but my favorite team is the Redskins.
I like Mark Hughes, he is a great player. I also like Manchester United F.C.
Shrek is written by Mike Myers who also wrote Monsters, Inc and Monsters, Inc.
Yes, Are you a fan of Megan Burns because of the genre of this movie?
Mark Wahlberg stars in Day After Tomorrow as well as Kelly Asbury.
Have a great day!
Sure, Lea Thompson starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wildest Dream.
The Wild Life is starring Lea Thompson and Frank Grillo. Are you familiar with his work?
Randy Quaid was in The Wild Life. He was also in Little Rascals.
Becca Fitzpatrick wrote Hush, Hush, and Finale to name a few. Do these sound interesting?
I don't know of any other books by her. However, I do know that she wrote a book called Brave New World
Hush hush is a romance novel.
Happy to help
I'm not sure who directed it but the movie was written by Andy Wachowski
I don't know what other works he has done but he also wrote The Simpsons Movie
Zoe Lister-Jones is also in it!
You are welcome
Yes, Gore Verbinski wrote Rango, a drama film starring Johnny Depp.
Rango is an action film released in 2003. Do you like action films?
Rango is definitely considered an action film, as well as a thriller.
You're welcome!
21 Jump Street stars Steve Carell. Would you like to hear about other movies starring Steve Carell?
Ride Along has a genre of Thriller.
You are welcome.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on any other Comedy movies.
Yes, I do. She wrote A Little Princess, which is a great book.
The Tale of the Body Thief is a young-adult fiction novel that was written in 1974.
I hope you enjoy The Vampire Chronicles!
The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins. She also wrote Gregor and the Marks of Secrets.
The Passage was released in 2003. It's a fantasy novel.
You're welcome.
Yes, she wrote Mansfield Park. Have you heard of it?
Mansfield Park is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
Mansfield Park is a romance novel. Do you like romance?
I'm sorry, I don't have any suggestions for murder mystery.
I haven't seen it but I've heard it's great. Did you see Desperate Hours?
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that?
I'm sorry, I don't. However, I know that Humphrey Bogart is also known for his book The Miserables.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie. Do you like French movies?
Amelie is a romantic comedy. It was released in 1996.
You're welcome.
I don't know any of his recent songs, but I do know he composed We Rode in Trucks and Someone Else Calling You Baby.
Yes, he is from Leesburg, have you been there?
I don't have that information but i do know he has a record of all the songs he has written.
Marlon Brando starred in The Young Elites and The Wild One. Have you seen those?
Well, Viva Zapata is in The Young Lions, The Other Boleyn Girl, and many more.
I'd say it's romance. It's drama.
Stephen Curry is a great player. I'm a fan of the Warriors. How about you?
Not really a basketball fan but I do enjoy watching Mesut Ozil run around.
Yes, he won NBA All-Rookie Team
Yes, LeBron won NBA All-Rookie Team
Mervryn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was the original tale.
He also wrote Wrath of the Titans and The Last Man.
Sure, I can. He starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that movie?
Mauigi Pistilli also starred in Machine Gun McCain as well as Luigi Pistilli.
Yes she was in The Incredible Mrs. Ritchie and the Skeleton Key.
Your welcome enjoy!
The only thing I know about the movie is When the Wind Blows. Have you seen that one?
I don't know too much about that movie, but I heard it was written by Tim Blake Nelson.
I think he was a great actor. He also starred in The Mists of Avalon which is a romantic comedy.
Ok. I will send that to your computer now.
I will have to check that out. Thank you
The Dark Knight is a superhero movie. Do you like superhero movies?
Batman Begins and Fast Five are really good comedies.
Where the Wild Things Are is a good adventure movie.
i dont have that information
I hope you enjoy it.
L.M. Montgomery wrote "The Plains of Passage" and The Blue Castle. Have you read those?
The Blue Castle came out in 2003.
The Other Boleyn Girl, The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass; City of Glass.
He was in The Warrior and The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you seen those?
You might also enjoy The Other Boleyn Girl or The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you seen those?
Along with Demi Lovato, it's a great movie! It's also a thriller.
You're welcome, enjoy!
It was written by Stephen King. Did you know it was also a drama?
Yes, he did. It was a great movie.
I would highly recommend Kill Bill or The Dark Knight Rises.
You're welcome.
I know he is a composer, song writer and composer of Weird Science, have you heard that song?
I do like his music. Did you know he was born in Paris in 1967?
I like some of his music. What about You've Got Mail is one of my favorites.
Yes, he is very talented. I like his music as well.
The Interview was written and directed by Cyrus Nowrasteh which also directed The Young Messiah.
It is a psychological thriller, do you like that genre?
you are welcome have a great day
you are welcome have a great day
Yes, Knocked Up was starring Seth Green and Katherine Heigl. It is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
It came out in 2011. Do you like that genre?
Funny people is a comedy, with a lot of people in it.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
I believe Paul Pogba is going to play Midfielder for the Brazil national football team.
Yes, they were the runner up in that year, as well as Sergio Leone.
I do as well. Who is your favorite team?
I know that Ryan Griggs is married to Ryan Griggs. I love the Seattle Seahawks.
Yes, he is a great author! He wrote and directed This Is the End, which is a very good movie.
She Hate Me is a romance film. Do you like romance films?
Yes he did. If you liked that movie, you might also like Monsters, Inc.
Sue Monk Kidd starred in The Three Musketeers. Are you a fan?
Carl Jung was influenced by George Orwell who also starred in The Polar Express which is a really good film.
Yes he is from the US.
Yes, Barbara Kingsolver starred in The Lacuna, The Lacuna, The Lacuna, and The Lacuna.
It's considered a Romance and Historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
Zoe's Tale is written by John Scalzi and was released in 2011.
No problem. Enjoy!
I think she is a great singer and song writer. I really like her in Camp Rock and Princess Protection Program.
Larry Crowne with Julia Roberts was a romantic comedy. Do you like Julia Roberts?
Yes, Tommy Chong also starred in Snow White and the Huntsman. Have you seen that?
Dead to the World is a Speculative Fiction book written by Charlaine Harris. Do you like that genre?
Dead to the World is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
Sure! It was written by Charlaine Harris and is in the Speculative Fiction genre.
You're welcome!
Well, Quantum of Solace is a romance film, have you seen it?
Skyfall is listed as a Action/Adventure Film.
Robert Duvall and James Franco are in Skyfall.
Great! Hope you enjoy it!
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on them. I'm sorry about that.
Oh, I didn't know they were runner up in Super Bowl XLIII.
Oh wow. I didn't know they were the runner up in Super Bowl XLVIII.
Yes, the movie stars Stephen Baldwin, Kevin Spacey, and Jack Nicholson. Do you like thrillers?
I like thrillers. Shark Night is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I have not seen Unfinished Business but I know Tom Wolverine was in that movie as well.
I do like Hip Hop. Have you seen it?
I like alternative rock. How about you?
I am not sure about Zipper. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, John Green wrote The Fault in Our Stars, he also wrote Paper Towns.
Yes, that is also Young-adult fiction.
You are welcome.
I know that he is a professional footballer, but I don't know much more about him. Do you like him as an actor?
Olivia Wilde also starred in X-Men Apocalypse
I like Working Girl too. It is a romantic comedy
You're welcome
Frank McCourt wrote Teacher Man. Have you seen that movie?
It's a sports genre. Do you like that genre?
Yea, I've heard of it. Did you know Frank McCourt acted in it as well?
No problem!
21 Jump Street stars Channing Tatum. Do you like Channing Tatumum?
He also starred in Magic Mike. Have you seen that movie?
21 Jump Street was released in 2003.
Your welcome.
Oh yes, Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a wonderful Wizard of Oz. What genres do you like?
I really like her too! She was great in that movie as well.
Yes, I did. Did you know Sam & Cat was a great show?
Oh wow. I didn't know she was on that show as well.
Yes, she did. She starred in What's Your Number and The Perfect Score.
Great. Enjoy!
The Hobbit was released in 2003.
The next book in the series is Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth.
The Rock was directed by Michael Bay and released in 1996. If you like action movies, you might also like Shark Night.
Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt and Dustin Milligan.
Yes, you're correct.
Yes, James Rodriguez plays for the Colombia national football team. He is a midfielder and forward. Do you like him as a point guard?
Yes I am a fan of the team but my favorite team is the Texans.
I believe he plays the position of forward
Keanu Reeves starred in The Matrix. Would you like to know other films in that genre?
Some in that genre include World War Z, The Golden Compass, and The Looking Glass Wars. Would you like to hear more?
You're welcome.
Harold Ramis wrote Groundhog Day which stars Bill Murray.
It stars Bill Murray and Rosario Dawson. Do you like Romantic Comedies?
Yes, Groundhog Day is a romantic comedy, starring Bill Murray. It is a great movie.
Definitely, Kill Bill: Vol. 1 and Kill Bill Vol. 1 and 2. Are you a fan?
The Sky Crawlers came out in 2011. Do you like horror films?
I don't show any other actors in Sky Crawlers, but I do show that The Sky Crawlers came out in 2011.
I don't show any other actors in The Great Yokai War, but I can recommend some movies he has starred in.
Sure, here you go.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books. The next in the series is The Oz Books, have you read them?
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of a series. The next in that series is The Marvelous Land of Oz.
You're welcome!
I have heard some of her songs, but I haven't really heard any of her songs.
No, I haven't heard of it. What type of music do you listen to?
I didn't know she was born in Sacramento, California. She has a son named Miley Cyrus. I love her music.
He wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Breakfast at Tiffany's. Have you read those?
Bryce Dallas Howard and Dwayne Johnson were in it. It is a romantic comedy.
Breakfast at Tiffany's also starred Charlize Theron and Frank Grillo
Isn't he a person you mean? I don't know much about him. He also starred in the movie Dreamcatcher.
I can't find any information on that, but I can tell you that he wrote, directed, and starred in the movie A Bug's Life. Have you seen it?
It is a Romance film. Do you like Romance films?
You're welcome.
Great! You are welcome.
He also starred in The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that movie?
I'm sorry I can't find any information on that.
He wrote The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary and The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary.
I don't have any other information on that. However, The Truth Now is a romance novel.
1932
your welcome
I don't know much about him other than he's a basketball player. Do you like him?
I don't know a lot about basketball. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm glad I was able to help!
I don't really like them, but I know they are owned by Fred Wilpon and owned by Tom Werner. Do you like them?
Do you like Baseball? If you like Terry Collins, maybe you should check out the Yankees.
I like the Mets. Who is your favorite team?
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Mexico national football team.
Yeah, he's also on Manchester United F.C. I don't know much about him
I'm more of a fan of hers.
Stephen Sommers wrote Van Helsing and The Mummy Returns. Have you seen either of those?
It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure! You might also like The Scorpion King or The Mask of Zorro. Both are great movies.
It's similar to Wizards of Waverly Place, which is also a fantasy.
Great, enjoy!
Trainspotting is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You might enjoy the Indie Film, or the Watchmen. Have you seen those?
Great! Another one that comes to mind is No Country for Old Men, have you seen that one?
Yes, Rogue Nation is an action film. What other films are you interested in?
Well, World War Z is a great action movie that you might enjoy.
Pound of Flesh is starring Tom Cruise, who also starred in No Country for Old Men.
You're welcome.
Sure. He wrote Untamed: A House of Night Novel, Redeemed, Redeemed, Tempted, and Revealed.
Revealed is a young adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Wicked Lovely is a series by Melissa Marr.
You could try Undead and Unwed or Unwed or Unwed. Both are young adult fiction books.
Great! Enjoy!
For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway. Do you like Hemingway?
Islands in the Stream is a drama.
Have you heard of Wolves of the Calla? It is also in the Romance genre.
Glad to be of help
I don't really like them. I think they are a good team. What do you think of them?
Not really a fan but I think they won the Super Bowl XLVIII which is a record of the year.
I'm sorry, I don't know much about his wife, but I do know that the team is owned by Tom Brady.
The Town was written and directed by Ben Affleck. Ben Affleck also starred in The Town.
The movie starred Eli Kraig
I don't know who directed it
Great. Hope you enjoy it.
Sure, WALL-E is a great movie! It stars Nicolas Cage. Do you like his movies?
have you seen Transformers? its a great movie.
War of the Worlds starred Scarlett Johansson and Robert Downey Jr.
he also directed the popular Sci-Fi movie X-Men 2.
I think Katy Perry is a great actor. I think he is best known for The Assassination of Jesse James.
I did not know that. Did you know Katy Perry starred in Get Him to the Greek, which is a comedy?
Yes, I do. I liked him in Zoolander.
Starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn, what about you?
No, I haven't seen that movie. But he also starred in Wrath of the Titans and Unknown.
Did you know that Magic Mike was produced and directed by Roland Emmerich. You should check that out!
Oh yes! It stars Anne Hathaway and Meryl Streep. It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romance?
Sure, Merryl Streep also starred in The Matrix Revisited and The Devil Returns.
Yes, The Guardian Brothers is a great movie. It is a comedy film.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
peter has starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
It's a sci-fi, comedy, and action film.
Have you heard of The Looking Glass Wars? It's also in the Fantasy genre.
The main lead in The Wolverine is Jennifer Lawrence.
You are welcome.
Thomas E Connolly starred in The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
Thomas E. Connolly wrote The Scarlet Letter, which is considered a Romance Novel.
You're welcome.
Into the Wild is written and directed by Sean Penn. Do you like Sean Penn?
Yes, I believe he is a writer and a film producer.
I hope you enjoy it!
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory stars Johnny Depp. Do you like Johnny Depp movies?
How about Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade? It's a great one for you.
You're welcome!
Robin Hobb wrote The Dragon Keeper and The Dragon Keeper. Have you heard of those books?
Have you heard of The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars?
Sure, you might like Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban or the Watchmen.
Hope you enjoy!
Yes, oscar Wilde wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Importance of Being Earnest.
Yes, The Picture of Dorian Gray is considered a Speculative fiction. Dorian Gray is more of a novel.
I'm sorry I don't have that information at this time.
Great, enjoy the book!
Yes, Throne of Glass is written by Sarah J. Maas and released in 2012. It was released in 2012.
Yes, it was released in 2013. Sarah J Maas also wrote The Assassin and the Desert. Do you like science fiction movies?
Sure, you might like The Assassin and the Desert or the Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales.
No problem! Enjoy!
Sure! Jennifer Ehle starred in X-Men Apocalypse and Wild Grass. Have you seen those?
Correct. Mark Boal wrote Mark Boal and starred in Crime Fiction. Do you like Crime Fiction movies?
Awesome, have a great day!
I'm not much of a football fan but I do know he plays for the Colombia national football team.
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Colombia national football team.
Shakira is from Columbia. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. What's yours?
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory stars Johnny Depp. Do you like Johnny Depp movies?
He also wrote James and the Giant Peach. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite?
Not really. I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
They are a football team in the NFC south.
I enjoy watching Paul Pogba play on the national football team but I don't really watch soccer.
I like to watch Tennis. What sport do you like?
Yeah, I didn't know that. I think he was a coach now.
Stephen R. Covey wrote The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People and it was released in 2008. Have you read it?
He has also written The Little Friend and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you read any of these?
The Magic Pebbles was also released that year
what else can i do for you today?
Sure! It's a great movie. It was directed by Guillermo del Toro, and it was released in 2013.
Charlie and the Chood Factory is a great family movie. Do you like family movies?
Yes he is in the Pirates of the Caribbean: At the World's End is a great movie
Have a great day and enjoy the movie!
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest was written and directed by David Koepp. Do you like drama?
That was a great one. Milo Forman also wrote The Moon and Other Stories.
Great! That is a great film. You should check it out.
Well, if you liked that one, you should check out The River Why. It is a Historical period drama.
You're welcome!
Yes, Lauren Oliver wrote Winter's Tale, The Perfect Score, and The Nanny Diaries. Have you read any of those?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance?
No problem. Enjoy!
I love Paul McCartney! He wrote Yellow Submarine.
Did you know that he starred in a movie called The Tambourine?
Yes, he is also a member of the Velvet Underground singer.
Kyrie Irving plays for the Boston Celtics.
I don't know much about NBA but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like them?
I didn't know that. I know that he is from the United States of America.
The Island was directed by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Dark Knight Rises, which starred Tom Everett.
Well, if you like sci-fi, you might like Zombieland, X-Men or World War Z. Have you seen any of those?
Well, it's a good movie. It's starring Jason Bateman and Liam Neeson.
Glad to be of help
Christian Bale is a great actor. He starred in Harsh Times and The Prestige. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, he was in a lot of action genre films.
The Prestige is starring Christian Bale and Christian Bale. Do you like Christian Bale's movies?
You're welcome
Yes, The Red Pyramid was written by Rick Riordan and is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
Sure, The Looking Glass Wars was written by Frank Beddor, have you seen it?
you are welcome
He is a professional footballer who plays as a forward for the Brazilian national football team.
I don't know much but I know Sergio Aguero is a midfielder on the Argentina national football team.
I like the Dallas Cowboys, but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
Sean Barrett wrote X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus. Have you read any of these?
Yes, it was in English. Have you read it?
Waiting for the Barbarians was a great book.
Haaaa
I am not a huge basketball fan but I do know they are owned by Leslie Alexander. Do you like them?
I like Basketball. What is your favorite team?
I don't know if they are in the same division as the New York Knicks. Who is your favorite player?
Sure! He wrote Candide, The Perfect Score, and The Secret of Joy. Have you read any of those?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I would highly recommend The Book of Eli which was also released in 1759.
You're welcome!
Sure, how about The Affair, which is also a children's book?
He also wrote the Winnie-the-Pooh series. Have you read that?
You're welcome!
Isn't he a soccer midfielder?
Yes, he is
That's right. Will you know who he plays for?
I know they are coached by Fernando Hierro, Carlo Ancelotti, and Jose Mourinho.
Unfortunately, I don't have any information on that.
Not really a fan, but I enjoy watching the Seattle Seahawks games.
Divergent was written by Veronica Roth. She also wrote The Giver, The Handmaid's Tale and The Giver.
You might like The Looking Glass Wars, or The Golden Compass.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Pulp Fiction would be considered a crime fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, I can. John Travolta also starred in Zombieland and The Last Samurai.
Bringing up now.
Isn't he a player on the Colombia national football team? I've never heard of him.
It is a novel. Do you like that genre?
No, I don't have any more information on him.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
No, I don't have any information on the Spanish version.
No problem!
I am a fan of the Mets, but I haven't really watched them since they were the runner-up in the 1986 World Series. Do you like baseball?
They did win a lot of superbowls. I think they have a chance at the Mets this year.
Yes, the Mets are coached by Ken Whisenhunt and Sam Horn.
I know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt and owned by Bud Adams.
My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks, but my favorite team is the San Francisco 49ers. Do you have a favorite quarterback?
LIKE TheM HAHA. What other sports do you like?
Sure! Tuesdays with Morrie is written by Saulius Dagy.
Yes, I do. Wasn't she in The Princess Diaries?
Yes, she wrote Trace, The Devil Wears Prada. Are you a fan?
That is also a great movie. It was written by John Steinbeck, who also wrote No Country for Old Men.
Yes he is, he is also a writer and a film producer.
That was Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented was released in 1891.
Thomas Hardy also wrote D'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-Believer was released in 1891.
It's a Non-Fiction. Do you like Non-Fiction?
He was in Animal Kingdom: Let's go Ape.
Two of the most well-known actors in that movie are Melvin Van Peebles and Michael Fassbender.
You are welcome.
Sure! She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie
Denzel Washington also starred in Les visiteurs. Do you like Denzel Washington?
Yes, it's a German language film.
Yes, you're welcome!
I don't know much about him other than he's a golfer. I think he won the 2012 PGA Championship.
Oh yes, I've been from Ireland so I'm not sure if he was. I'm more of a Golf fan.
Yes, he's from Northern Ireland. I like Selena Gomez.
Sure! World War Z: Apocalypse Now, which is a classic!
It is, similar to The Island of Dr. Moreau.
Well, there is a sequel, The Island of Dr. Moreau starring Clint Eastwood.
OK, glad to help!
District 9 is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
My favorite thrillers would be Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore.
The Neon Demon was directed by Roland Emmerich and has a genre of thrillers.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I do. I like a lot of her music. What about you?
Wow! I didn't know that! I know that she is from Philadelphia, NJ.
I like a lot of different artists like Taylor Swift and Selena Gomez.
I believe they were both released in 1996.
Sure. The Dragonfly in Amber is written by Diana Gabaldon. It is a young-adult fiction book.
Sure, A Song of Ice and Fire was also written by her. It's also historical fiction.
Yes, he wrote a great number of books including; A Walk to Remember, The Sea of Monsters, and The Tree of Life.
You're welcome!
Todd Phillips wrote The Hangover Part II and Old School, have you read those?
Part II is a comedy. Do you like that genre?
Old School is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
I'm not really a fan of basketball but I heard that Kyla Pratt is a great player
Isn't that a great book written by Charles Dickens?
It's a Romance and Fantasy. Do you like those genres?
Yes she did! I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Benjamin Martinez wrote Il Principe
I'm sorry I don't have that information
Would you like me to add it to your reading list?
There are many. What kind of book do you like?
Up was written and directed by Pete Docter. It is a great movie.
I am not sure but she did write Up as well. Are you interested in more of her movies?
It is a Romance. Do you like Romance movies?
Family Movies are good ones. Have you seen these?
You are welcome.
They are coached by Gary Kubiak and owned by Leslie Frazier.
Cassandra Clare
I don't know much more about Hardaway but I know he was a member of the Seattle Seahawks.
I like Renaldo Balkman, he is a great player
The Gunslinger is written by Stephen King and released in 1982. The Gunslinger is a thriller. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 1961. It's a thriller and horror film.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Do you like Fight Club because it is a Thriller or a Thriller?
Zodiac is a crime movie, do you like crime movies?
It was produced by David Fincher and produced by Jeffrey Eugenides
I'm not much of a football fan but I do know they are part of the National Football League.
Oh nice. I'm also a fan of the Tennessee Titans.
That's right. I think Randy Lerner is the owner of the Houston Texans.
That's what I heard anyway. I'm not much of a football fan.
Jay Rubin wrote  [Z no shmetsu] and  [Z no shmetsu].
I don't see what else he wrote, but he also wrote The Last Samurai
I'm sorry I don't have that information at the moment
I am not sure but he wrote a whole series called
You are welcome
Tuesdays with Morrie is written by Saulius Dagy.
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Of course. Saulius Dagys is a great author. Would you like to know more about this?
No problem!
Transformers: Dark Moon is a Sci-Fi/Action movie starring Kevin Spacey. Kevin Spacey starred in it as well.
X-Men: First Class is another Sci-Fi film
Captain America: The Winter Soldier is starring Scarlett Johansson
Insurgent was directed by Veronica Roth and was released in 2011.
Great, enjoy the movie!
Yes, Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995.
A.I. Artificial Intelligence is a good one
Yes. He also wrote The Crucible, Where the Heart Is
Your welcome.
Nathan Lane starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen that movie?
Did you like Topher Grace because it was a romantic comedy?
Yes, Sex & Sex also starred in it as well.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
William Hurt starred in Neverwhere. It's a romantic comedy.
F. Murray Abraham starred in Finding Forrester, The Grand Budapest Hotel, and The Grand Budapest Hotel. Have you seen any of these movies?
Yes. Scarface is a crime genre film. Another crime genre film is Wuthering Heights. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Science Fiction. Are you interested in science fiction movies?
Avengers: Age of Ultron stars Scarlett Johansson, Robert Downey Jr., and Scarlett Johansson.
Yes, Unbreakable is a science fiction film.
You're welcome!
I think he is a really good basketball player, but I don't know much about him.
I like Manchester United F.C. I like the Dallas Cowboys. What sports do you follow?
My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks. My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks.
I don't know much but I do know that they won the Super Bowl XXVIII.
Do you have a favorite favorite football team?
I like the Patriots. Who is your favorite player?
Yes, Outlander is written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his works?
Diana Gabaldon also wrote Outlander and other Sci-Fi Stories. Are you a fan of either?
If you liked Outlander, you might also try The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. That is also a sci-fi action film.
You're welcome!
Harper Lee wrote To Kill a Mockingbird. Would you like to know more about it?
That is a good book. Did you know it was written by Harper Lee?
Great, what about To Kill a Mockingbird by Robert Mulligan?
You're welcome
I don't know much but I know they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
Well, from what I can tell, the team was coached by Manny Ramirez. What sports do you like?
He's a versatile player! He's also a musician, and a musician.
Sure, One for the Money is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers like this genre?
Yes, it was written by Meg Cabot
Yes, Stephenie Meyer also wrote The Chemist and The Chemist.
Yes, it is based on the Twilight series.
You are welcome.
Inside Out is a Thriller starring Denzel Washington. Do you like Denzel Washington?
She was also in V for Vendetta.
This is a comedy-drama.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Great!
Well, he starred in I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With, which also starred Jeff Garlin.
Yes, she starred in a television show called The Longest Ride. Have you heard of it?
She has starred in The Polar Express, The Last Anniversary, and The Women of Brewster Place.
Sure! Ron Howard wrote A Beautiful Mind, which is a great movie. Have you seen it?
Well, if you like action movies, he's a great director, he directed The Missing. Have you seen it?
Well, if you like action movies, I would recommend Journey to the Center of the Earth, which was also released in 2011.
Well, he also wrote and directed that movie as well.
Mr & Mrs Smith is written by Simon Kinberg and stars Vince Vaughn and Emma Stone. Do you like thrillers?
If you like Brad Pitt, you might also like Buffy the Vampire Slayer. Have you seen that one?
Sure, Donnie Darko is a Thriller written by Richard Kelly. Do you like Thriller movies?
Yes, he wrote the Box and it was released in 2000.
Yes, The Box is a Thriller and was produced by Richard Kelly.
Sure, The Looking Glass Wars is a great Fantasy film, as well as the Avengers. Do any of those sound interesting?
You're welcome!
Throne of Glass is written by Rick Riordan. The Assassin and the Desert is also a book
Tower of Dawn is a fantasy and drama.
Have a great day
Yes, it is a Sci-Fi/Action movie. Do you like those genres?
Yes, Gothika is a comedy/drama that also stars Nicholas Cage. Do you like that genre?
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Beatrice Sparks wrote Go Ask Alice.
It sure is. Along with Beatrice Sparks, she also wrote The Wedding. Have you read that one?
You're welcome.
The Proposal is starring Sandra Bullock. Do you like her movies?
She was also in X-Men: The Last Stand. That was a great movie.
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Great, enjoy!
I have not read the book, but I heard it was written by John Green.
Yes, John Green also wrote Will Grayson, The Fault in Our Stars, and The Fault in Our Stars. Have you read any of these?
I'm sorry I don't but if you like young adult fiction you should check out Wolf Brother.
You're welcome.
I'm sorry, I don't have any recommendations for the book Outlander.
Brave New World was released in 2009.
It's a science fiction novel. Do you like science fiction?
Eleanor & Park is written by Rainbow Rowell. Are you interested in Speculative fiction?
Yes, i believe so.
Lola and the Boy Next Door is a romance novel
Your welcome
Rich Moore wrote Wreck-It Ralph. Have you read it?
Yes, John C.Reilly starred in it as well.
Have you heard of Wreck-It Ralph by John C. O'Brien? He wrote and starred in it.
Yes, I do! She is a great athlete.
I like Serena as well. Venus has been having a long time with her.
I'm not sure what genre it is. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure! Zach Snyder starred in The Blob, The Skeleton Key, and The Mask. Have you seen any of those?
Tom Everett and Tim Allen starred in Night Watchmen. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, it is a comedy, and also a comedy. Do you like that genre?
Sure, another great science fiction movie is The Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen that one?
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing, The Diviners, The Sweet Far Thing, The Diviners and The Sweet Far Thing. Have you read any of these?
Okay, then you'll like The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor.
Yes, it's part of the Gemma Doyle series. It's part of the Gemma Doyle series.
Sure, I would recommend The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars. They are both fantasy books.
You're welcome.
Rebecca was written by Sally Beauman.
It's a romantic novel. Do you like romantic novels?
No. I apologize. I don't have that information.
No problem. I hope you enjoy!
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football team based in Denver Broncos. Do you like them?
Case Keenum is a former American football player. He was a former world No. 1 in singles. I don't have more information on him.
The current coach is John Fox. That was a part of the Broncos.
What sports do you enjoy?
Who is your favorite basketball player?
Yes, he is a player on the Spain national football team. Do you like soccer?
I am not sure, but I know he plays for the Spain national football team.
Yes, and Sergio Ramos is the home venue.
Wrinkle in Time is a science fiction book written by Madeleine L'Engle. She also wrote A Wind in the Door.
It is also a Romance Novel. Do you like Romance Novels?
You will like the Lord of the Rings that is also a science fiction book.
Yes, he also wrote A Wind in the Door that is also a great book.
I have never heard of him. Isn't he a singer?
One of my favorites is What About You. Have you heard it?
No. I haven't. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, he wrote The Phantom Tollbooth and The Phantom Tollbooth. Have you read those?
The Phantom Tollbooth is fantasy and was released in 1982. It is a 1943 book.
You're welcome!
Have a great day!
I know he was born in Atlanta but plays quarterback for the Carolina Panthers. Do you like him?
The Wildcats are a professional American Football team based in Chicago, Illinois. They are coached by John Denver Broncos.
What a great movie! Did you know Woody Harrelson starred in a movie called WALL-E which is also a movie?
Yes, Jean-Pierre Jeunet wrote A Very Long Engagement and A Very Long Engagement.
Micmacs is a French Crime Fiction. Jean-Pierre Jeunet also wrote A Very Long Engagement which is a French Crime Fiction.
Zelda Fitzgerald is one of the main actors in Zulu.
No problem! Enjoy.
It's written by Jay Asher and it's in the genre of young-adult fiction.
He has also written The Future of Us and The Waterboy.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Emma' is a romance novel written by Emma Stone and released in 1865.
Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility are great books by her.
It was released in 1817 and is a romance novel.
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, he wrote The Water for Elephants which is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Michael Clayton is a mystery movie starring Charlize Theron. Do you like that genre?
The Red Violin was produced and directed by Steven Spielberg and produced by Steven Spielberg.
Sure, I'll add that for you now.
