Do you like the movie because it's a action movie?
It's a great movie! It was directed by David Ayer, who also starred in The Matrix Revisited.
I'm not sure about that one, but I do know that it is a crime fiction movie.
Yes, The Hitman's Bodyguard is a Thriller and was written by Robert Mark Kamen.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, M.L Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans and The Light Between Oceans.
She is an author who wrote The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian.
The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian was released in 2012 and the genre is Fantasy.
You're welcome
There's Something About Mary is written by Tony Gilroy and stars Morgan Freeman.
She also starred in a movie called There's Something About Mary. It's a romantic comedy.
I don't have that information, but I do know she starred in a movie called I Am Comic.
Just Listen is written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her work?
no i dont have any other information
yes she did. have you read it?
you are welcome have a good day
Don Cheadle starred in The Guard. Have you seen it?
It's a crime drama. Do you like those types of movies?
The Guard is a comedy starring Don Cheadle and Don Cheadle. Do you like comedies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Ravichandran Ashwin is a cricket player from India. Do you like cricket?
I don't know a whole lot about it, but I know Ravichandran Ashwin is from India.
I don't know any players on the team, but I do know he is a cricket player.
Mike Newell directed The Skulls. It's a crime fiction film. Do you like that genre?
Pushing Tin was written by Robert Mark Kamen, who also wrote Pushing Tin.
You're welcome!
You're welcome, enjoy!
I think he is a good basketball player, but I don't know much about him. Is he your favorite player?
Yes, he is a basketball player. He plays point guard. Do you know him?
I'm a huge fan of American football. What about you? What is your favorite team?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a basketball player.
I'm more of a baseball fan, but I'm more of a baseball fan.
Hot Fuzz is a Thriller starring Matt Damon and was released in 2010.
Yes, and Shaun of the Dead is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
I don't know, but it is a Sci-Fi/Horror.
You're welcome!
Frank Finlay starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Sure, you might like The Fault in Our Stars or The Invisible Man. They are both Romance films.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, it is a great movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
I'm not a huge fan of thrillers, but I do like Shark Night is a great movie starring Katharine McPhee
Great, I'll add that one to your list.
Will do. Enjoy the movie!
You got it!
Yes, he directed the movie 3 Days to Kill. Have you seen it?
It was written by Robert A. Heinlein. Are you interested in other works by him?
Brian Geragtly starred in We Are Marshall. Would you like to hear more about this movie?
Would you like to hear about other horror films that he starred in?
Yes, it is a horror film.
You're welcome.
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christensen and released in 1989.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy!
You're welcome, enjoy!
William Directed The Hunted and The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen those?
The Hunted is a Thriller and The French Connection is a Thriller. Do you enjoy those?
The Devil and Father Amorth is a horror film starring Christian Bale and Kate Beckinsale.
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald, who also wrote To Kill a Mockingbird.
The Surgeon was written by Dr. Seuss. Do you like his work?
The clockwork princess was written by Roald Dahl, who also wrote The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you read it?
Yes, she has. She also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set.
I'll add that to your reading list.
You're welcome!
Unforgiven is starring Matt Damon and was written by David Ayer. Do you like those actors?
I don't have that information, but I do know a few of the movies starring Morgan Freeman are The Longest Yard and The Longest Yard.
If you like Morgan Freeman, you'll like The Fault in Our Stars.
Josh Hutcherson wrote The Jungle Book and The Fault in Our Stars.
Yes, Josh Hutcherson also starred in The Hunger Games: Catching Fire. Have you seen that one?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I like her song Into the Wild. Do you like her song Into the Wild?
I don't know much about her newer music, but I do know she starred in a movie called Valentine's Day when she was a kid.
I'm not sure about that, but I do know he starred in a lot of movies. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Suresh Raina is an athlete on the India national cricket team. Are you a fan of him?
Yes he did and he also played for the Chennai Super Kings.
You're welcome!
Amy Poehler wrote The Lorax, which is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
what else can i answer for you today?
it is starring Amy Poehler. what else can i answer for you?
Tina Fey has written The Wedding Date. what else can i answer for you?
I know that they are a sports team. Are you a sports team?
Yes, I am a Dodgers vs. Dodgers. Do you like Dodgers?
You're welcome. Have a good day.
Jonathan Levine directed The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded, and The Matrix Reloaded.
Jane Adams also starred in The Wackness which is a comedy and a romance film. Do you enjoy those?
Yes, it was released in 2012.
You're welcome
Sure, he directed Taken 2 and Taken 2. Have you seen those?
Liam Neeson starred in Taken 3 and also Taken 2. Have you seen those?
I'm not sure who starred in Taken but it is a Thriller.
Great! Enjoy!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Bill Bidwill.
I am not a huge football fan. I am not a huge football fan so I am not a big football fan.
I agree, Aaron Rodgers is a great team.
Iron Man is a Thriller starring Robert Downey Jr. who also starred in The Avengers. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring and The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring.
Yes. Did you know that Nicolas Cage starred in The O.C.?
Yes. It was written by George Clooney. He also wrote The Sworn Sword. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Odd Thomas was written by Dean Koontz and he also wrote Watchmen. Have you read that one?
I don't know who wrote it, but Odd Thomas is a speculative fiction.
Jonathan Kellerman also wrote The Subterraneans which is a speculative fiction.
Do you like Treasure Island because it's a sci-fi movie?
Then you'd like Treasure Island. It's a speculative fiction.
You're welcome
I think he's a good singer, but I don't know much about her. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about her, but I do know that she is a nicki Minaj who is also a singer and a musician.
I don't know any similar artists, but I do know that Nicki Minaj is from France. Do you know who he is?
Sure, Something Borrowed was written by Something Borrowed. It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, Where We Belong was written by Emily Griffin. She also wrote The Wedding Belles.
Then you might like Shark Night. It's a thriller.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Judd Apatow is a drama and comedy. Do you like comedies?
Groundhog Day was written and produced by James Dashner. Do you like his work?
Yes, he was in that movie as well. Do you like his acting?
I'm not sure if he directed Year One, but he also directed The Is 40. Have you seen that one?
I don't know a whole lot, but I do know it was written by Steve Buscemi.
He's written a lot of movies. He's written a lot of comedy genres. Would you like to hear about some of his films?
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy!
I think he's a composer and song writer. He was born in London. He was influenced by Hayden Panettiere.
yes he is
I haven't had a chance to listen to them, but I do like their music
yea he is a great songwriter
There's Something About Mary is a good book. It was written by Tony Gilroy and it is a Thriller.
Yes, he also wrote There's Something About Mary which is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure about that, but it is a Romantic Comedy starring Willie Garson.
Mary Ann Shaffer wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society was written by Mary Ann Shaffer.
You're welcome!
Great! Have a great day!
It was written by George Orwell and released in 1945. Do you like the genre or do you like books by George Orwell?
He also wrote The Handmaid's Tale and The House of Seven Gables.
Yes, I do. She wrote The Temple of My Familiar. Have you read it?
Temple of My Familiar was released in 1960.
Temple of My Familiar is a fantasy
You are welcome
Oldboy is a Thriller like Oldboy. Do you like Thrillers?
I'd say check out Out of Sight, which is a Thriller.
Lady Vengeance is starring Liam Neeson and Rachel McAdams. Would you like to see it?
I don't know if she is in any other Thriller movies, but if you like Kim Yoo Jung, you might also like Shark Night.
You're welcome!
Ang Lee starred in Hollywood Chinese and The Ice Storm. Have you seen any of these?
I'm not sure, but Ang Lee produced The Year of the Flood is a Science Fiction film.
Sure, Woody Allen wrote, directed, and starred in The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen it?
I don't know about Zsa Gabor, but I can tell you she also starred in a movie called Tsotsi.
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure, it was written by Steven Spielberg and it was released in 1985.
Yes there was. It was directed by Peter Buchman, who also directed Jurassic Park 3.
Yes, Colin Tervorrow directed Jurassic World. He also directed Jurassic World 2.
Rickie Fowler is a professional golfer from Murrieta. Do you like golf?
I think Rickie Fowler is a great golfer. He won the 2012 PGA Championship. Do you like him?
I'm not a big golf fan but I do know Adam Sandler is in it as well. Do you like golf?
The Hobbit is written by J.R.R Tolkien. He also wrote The Lord of the Rings.
The Looking Glass Wars is a fantasy book written by Frank Beddor.
I don't know any other books by J.R.R. Tolkien, but I do know that The Hobbit was released in 2001.
Wes Craven directed My Soul to Take, which is a horror film. Do you like horror genre?
Then you might also like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee and Katharine McPhee.
Yes, he starred in that movie as well and also in My Soul to Take.
The Lost World: Jurassic Park is written by Steven Spielberg and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
Then you might also like Zombieland and Zombieland. Have you seen those?
You might also like Zombieland 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen them?
Sure, Bob Peck starred in Jurassic Park and Jurassic Park. Have you seen those?
I do not have information on Surviving Picasso, I do not have information on that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure. Joss Ackland also starred in X-Men: First Class, X-Men: First Class, X-Men: First Class, X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: First Class.
The Little Prince is a drama and drama.
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie!
I think he's a good football player, but I don't know much about him.
I don't know much about that movie, but I do know it is a comedy-drama.
I have never seen it. It was a good movie. It was a comedy.
I do! It's a great movie starring Bruce Willis. Are you a fan of his movies?
He also starred in The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded.
Yes, he did and Roderick Thorp also wrote The Matrix Reloaded.
They are! I think you'll enjoy them as well.
Yes, Alien is a movie starring Alien. It's a series of Alien movies. Have you seen any of them?
If you like horror movies, you might also like The Fault in Our Stars. It's a classic horror movie.
I don't know much about it, but I do know it's based on a series of horror movies. It's based on the first one in a series of horror movies.
You're welcome!
He directed The Terminator and The Order. Have you seen either of those?
You might like Zombieland, X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Yes, he did. Saw III is a great Thriller. Have you seen it?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Alice Braga starred in The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded, and The Matrix Reloaded.
Repo Men was written by Joel Coen, who also starred in The Matrix Reloaded.
Eric Garcia also wrote The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded.
Sure. Brett Helquist wrote The Reptile Room and The House of Seven Gables. Have you read either of those?
Sure, The End is a fantasy novel and The Grim Grotto is a horror novel. Do you like horror novels?
Sure, it was released in 2001 and is in English.
Yes, I do. Did you know he starred in Men in Black 3?
Yes, he has a son in the 90s series, and he is a musician.
I have not, but I will add it to my watch list. Thanks for the info!
You got it! Enjoy!
Yes, he starred in Water for Elephants and The Day After Tomorrow. Have you seen them?
Windtalkers is a drama. I think you'd like it. It's a drama. It's a drama.
It's a great movie. It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Glad I could help. Enjoy the movie.
I think he is a great athlete, but I don't know much about him. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about football but I do know he is a soccer player. Do you know who he is?
I'm sure you'd love it! It's a great book.
Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is the author of both books.
Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince and the Half-Blood Prince are two of them
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by M Denzel Washington. Do you like them?
That's right, they are in the National League West and in the National League West.
They're part of the NFC West. I'm not sure if they're in the AFC West, but I do know they're in the AFC West division.
Eoin Colfer wrote The Damned State of the Union. Have you read that one yet?
Yes, 2008 was the year that released The Lady Elizabeth.
Yes, The Six Wives of Henry VIII is a Fantasy. Do you like Fantasy?
Yes, I do. Did you know that he is friends with Selena Gomez?
I like independent music. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I don't know of any of his songs, but I do know he's from the United Kingdom.
You're welcome.
Kyrie Irving is an American professional basketball player who plays point guard for the Chicago Bulls and the Cleveland Cavaliers.
I'm not sure if they have any games in Boston, but I do know they are part of the NBA.
That was the final match against the Celtics on Saturday night.
Sure, Christopher Nolan directed The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises. Have you seen them?
Yes, Fyodor Dostoyevsky is a Russian author, poet, and film director. He wrote The Name of the Wind.
Yes, рестуление и нкаание was written in English.
I am not sure, but рестуление и накаание was released in 1866 and is in English.
You're welcome.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a children's literature written by William Shakespeare. Do you like children's literature?
Have you read The Witch of Oz or The Time Traveler's Wife? They are both fantasy.
I would definitely recommend Wizard of Oz and The Time Traveler's Wife. Both are great books.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he is a soccer player from Germany. He plays for the Germany national football team.
I don't know a whole lot about soccer. I do know he is a German football player.
Yes, Yuvan Shankar is a cricket player and plays for the Mumbai Indians.
Yes, it is a great movie. It was written by James Dashner. Have you seen any of his movies?
A Corn of Thorns and Roses is written by James Dashner. Are you interested in books in this genre?
Sarah J Maas wrote A Corn of Thorns and Roses, which is a fantasy book.
The Assassin's Blade was written by Sarah J Maas. She also wrote A Corn of Thorns and Roses.
You're welcome.
Sure, he directed True Lies and Apocalypse Now. Have you seen those?
That is correct. It was released in 2012.
Titanic was released in 2012 and stars Leonardo DiCaprio.
You're welcome
Madame Bovary is a romance novel written by M. Night Shyamalan. Do you like romance novels?
You might also enjoy Madame Bovary. It is a romance novel.
Yes, it is considered a romance and a romance.
I would recommend Suzanne Collins's books. She wrote The Stand, The Stand, and The Stand. Have you read any of those?
I am not a big fan of Serena but I do know she was born in Los Angeles.
Stefi Graff is a better female tennis player. I think Martina Navrita was better than Venus.
Yes, she is the best female player in history.
Yes, Michelle Wie is an athlete and plays golf. Do you like golf?
I'm not sure, but I know she won the U.S. Women's Amateur Public Links.
I agree! He's very talented. He's also a golfer and a musician.
Sylvia Day wrote The One Minute Manager and The One Minute Manager. Have you read them?
Reflected in You and One With You is a romantic comedy.
I am not sure, but I can tell you that she also wrote Three Cups of Tea. Have you read this one?
Sure! Margaret Atwood wrote The Year of the Flood and The Year of the Flood. Have you read those?
Sure. Margaret Atwood wrote The Handmaid Tale, which is a historical novel. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
It's a good one. Other books in that genre include The Handmaid's Tale and The Cat in the Hat.
I do! He starred in a few movies including Unleashed and Where the Wild Things Are. Have you seen them?
The move Carlos is a horror film starring Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee. Are you interested in horror films?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you more about the movie if you need help.
Do you like the book because it is a fantasy or a fantasy?
Tahereh Mafi wrote The Tahereh Mafi and The Tahereh Mafi. Have you read any of these?
Yes, that was the same year as The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
The World of Ice and Fire was written by George R.R. Martin and Caroline Kepnes and was released in 2014.
If you like fantasy novels, you might also like The Time Traveler's Wife. It is also a fantasy novel.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Wally Lamb wrote The Hour I First Believed and The Hour I First Believed. Have you read them?
We Are Water was released in 2012. It is a speculative fiction book.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
Sure, he directed The Good Doctor and The Bad Doctor. Have you seen those?
Finding Neverland is a Thriller.
The star of Neverland is J.K. Simmons. He's also a director.
I do not know but it was released in 2005
Will do. Enjoy the movie!
You are welcome
Yes, he wrote A Separate Peace. Have you read it?
It is Young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
This book is similar to Un Lun Dun.
Your welcome
The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants is similar to Emma.
Jane Austen also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Zombies. Have you heard of them?
Yes, Wuthering Heights is a great one. Similar to Wuthering Heights, you might also enjoy The Subterraneans and The Prestige.
Yes, Lauren Willig is a prolific writer who writes historical dramas.
The Giver is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Cool, then you'll like Wildwood Dancing, Wildwood Dancing and Wicked Lovely.
You're welcome.
Do you like Fight Club because it is a thriller?
I'll do that right away.
You're welcome.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince.
There's Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince and the Half-Blood Prince. Have you seen any of those?
You're welcome.
Mindy Kaling wrote The Making of Star Wars: Episode VI - The Empire Strikes Back, and The Making of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi
Sure, it is a self-help book written by Mindy Kaling. It was released in 2005 and is in English.
No, I don't have that information, but I can tell you it is a fiction book.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Aylmer Maude wrote мерт вана лиа.
Anna Karenina and Aylmer Maude wrote нна аренина.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Cathereine Hardwicke wrote The Dark Knight Rises and The Last Samurai. Have you read them?
It starred Matt Damon and was written by David Ayer.
I don't know what else she directed, but I can tell you she also starred in The Secret Life of Bees.
Yes, he is a soccer player from the Manchester United F.C. team. Do you like soccer?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he plays for the United States National Football team. Are you a soccer fan?
Yes, he is. I don't know much about him. Who is he?
Yes, he is a great actor. Did you know he starred in The Matrix Reloaded?
Yes, he was in the English Patient and also in the Psychological Thriller/Crime.
I liked him in The Princess Diaries and The Princess Diaries. Have you seen either of those?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Where'd You Go, Bernadette is written by Maria Semple.
That was a great movie. Did you know Maria Semple also wrote Where'd You Go?
I'll do that right away.
Sure! Lauren Kate wrote Twilight. Have you read that one yet? It's a great book.
Sure, Torment was released in 2012. It's a young-adult fiction novel. It's considered a historical period drama.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Lewis Carroll is an autobiography writer and author. He wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you read that one?
Yes, Johnny Depp also starred in The Rum Diary. Have you seen it?
I don't know any other children's movies, but I do know The Rum Diary was directed by Frank Darabont.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy!
Yes, I know it is a soccer team coached by David Platt. Do you like soccer?
I don't know of any current players, but I do know they are coached by David Platt
You're welcome!
Lauren Oliver wrote The Good Doctor and The Bad Doctor. Have you read either of those?
Lauren Oliver wrote Xenocide and Xenocide. Have you read either of those?
It's a Thriller. It's more of a thriller.
You're welcome.
Sure, he directed The Simpsons movie. Have you seen it?
The Simpsons movie is written by David Silverman. He also wrote The Simpsons Movie.
Yes, they are. Same here and there's a Wolverine which is a TV series.
You too!
I am not a cricket fan but I know he is an athlete who plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders. Do you like him?
I'm more of a cricket fan. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Yes, he was born in London. He was a scientist as well.
Yes, it is a great movie starring Orlando Bloom and Billy Boyd. Do you like Fantasy movies?
Sure, he also starred in The Hunger Games and Troy. Have you seen those?
Great, hope you enjoy it!
Yes, The Death Cure is a Young-adult fiction written by James Dashner.
The Death Cure is written by John Green
Yes, it is written by James Dashner and is in the Young-adult fiction genre.
Nicola Kraus wrote The Nanny Diaries and The Nanny Diaries. Have you read them?
I'm not sure, but Emma MdLaughlin also wrote Selena Gomez. Have you read that one?
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is written by J.K. Rowling. Are you a fan of hers?
Yes, he starred in a TV show called The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure if he starred in a TV show, but I can tell you that he also starred in The Casual Vacancy.
Yes, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen those?
Sure! Do you like Horror movies?
I don't know if he acted in Grindhouse, but he also starred in Zombieland which is a Thriller.
It's a Thriller starring Rosario Dawson. Do you like Thrillers?
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Katy Perry is a great singer, singer, and actress. She starred in a lot of movies. Would you like to hear more about her?
John Carpenter directed The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded, and The Matrix Reloaded.
Escape from New York is a very popular one. He also starred in The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen it?
I don't have any information on that one, but I can tell you it was written by John Carpenter.
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom and Billy Boyd.
Great! He also starred in The Thin Red Line. Have you seen that one?
What Planet Are You From is a great movie. I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about her but I do know she is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Yes, Serena is better than her sister Serena. Do you know who Serena is?
Oh, I didn't know that. What is the name of the movie Serena?
I don't know much about Radamel Falcao, other than he plays for the Colombia National Football team. I don't know much about him.
I don't know if he is a captain. I do know he is from Santa Marta.
I do like American Football. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you have any favorite players?
Home Alone is written by John Green and is a Young-adult fiction book. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
If you like comedy, you might also like The Fault in Our Stars. It was written by John Green.
The Breakfast Club was released in 2005 and the genre is comedy.
You're welcome
I do! He's a great singer, songwriter, and song writer. Do you like him?
Yes he does. I like his music a lot. I think he is a very talented person.
I'm not much of a fan, but I do know Selena Gomez is a singer too.
Do you like Shawshank Redemption because it is written by Stephen King?
He starred in The Mist and the Lawnmower Man
You're welcome.
Are you a fan of Alice's Adventures in Wonderland because it is a fantasy book?
Yes, it is. It's a fantasy novel.
Yes, if you liked that one, you might also like The Crucible.
I do! He starred in Deadpool and The Transporter Refueled. Have you seen them?
Yes, Radivoje Bukvic is also in The Transporter Refueled. Have you seen it?
It's a psychological thriller. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Shark Night is starring Katharine McPhee and Katharine McPhee.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that one.
You're welcome.
Yes, it's a great movie. It's a horror movie. Do you like horror movies?
The Last Crusade is a horror movie
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade is a horror movie
He is a cricket player from India. He plays point guard for the Mumbai Indians.
He is an Athlete and plays cricket. Do you like cricket?
Yes he does and he plays Cricket for the Mumbai Indians.
Yes, it is a leader and governance of Citigroup.
Sure, he wrote The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell. Have you read that?
The Doors of Perception was released in 1980 and Brave New World was released in 1960.
Yes, Jim Morrison also wrote The Doors of Perception. You might also like Brave New World.
The author is Arthur C. Clarke. Do you like his work?
Sure, Christopher Hampton wrote The Year of the Flood and The Dark Knight Rises. Have you read them?
The film is considered a thriller and drama. Do you like thrillers?
Without Remorse is a thriller and a suspense called Without Remorse is a psychological thriller.
You're welcome, enjoy!
2012 was written by Roland Emmerich. Are you a Emmerich fan?
The Thirteenth Floor is a drama
The Thirteenth Floor starred Jada Pinkett Smith and Katharine McPhee
It was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets. Have you read it?
Did you like the movie because it is a drama or a crime fiction?
Yes, she is. Did you know Emma Stone starred in The Wedding Date? It's a romantic comedy.
Yes, he did and Ryan Reynolds also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
She starred in The Muppets and The Muppets. Have you seen them?
I haven't seen it yet, but I've heard it's very good. It's a romantic comedy.
Yes, it was written by Jonathan Nolan. Are you a fan of thrillers?
It is considered a thriller and drama.
The Client is a drama and a crime fiction movie. Is that what you are looking for?
You're welcome.
I think Sergio Agüero is a soccer player, but I don't know much about him
He is a soccer player and plays as a striker
I enjoy football as a sports player
I like American football, what about you?
I am not a Packer fan but i like American football
I don't know much about soccer, but I do know they are coached by David Platt. Do you like soccer?
I don't know much about soccer, but I do know they are owned by David Platt.
I agree, they are a good team. Do you watch any other sports?
The Time Traveler's Wife is written by Frank Darabont who also wrote The Time Traveler's Wife.
Violets Are Blue is a mystery novel.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She also wrote Lord of War. Have you read it?
It was written by Quentin Tarantino
That book was written by Virginia Woolf who also wrote The Son of Neptune.
He also wrote The Son of Neptune. Have you read that one?
It is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
You are welcome.
Yes, she did. Did you know she starred in a movie called Call Me Maybe?
I didn't know that, but I do know that she is a singer and a musician.
Oh, I'm not a big fan of that type of music. I'm more of a hip hop fan. Do you like hip hop?
Alejandro Amenábar directed and starred in both The Story of Doctor Dolittle and The Spirit. Have you seen either of those?
The Others stars Nicole Kidman and Melanie Griffith. Do you like those actors?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Madame Bovary is similar to Mark Overstall.
It's genre is historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
Sure, you might also like The Time Traveler's Wife. It was also released in 1856.
He also wrote Madame Bovary, which was released in 1856.
Sure, he also wrote Madame Bovary. It was released in 1856.
Madame Bovary is a romance novel and was released in 1856.
Then you'll like The Time Traveler's Wife and The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you read them?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Tom Clancy starred in The Sum of All Fears and The Sum of All Fears.
Yes, he wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories.
Yes, it is. It was released in 2012.
Nostromo: A Simple Tale was released in 2005.
Yes, he wrote The Road to El Dorado. Have you read it?
There's a Wocket in My Pocket is a good one you should check it out
Robert Duvall is the author of that book.
It was released in 2005 and is in the Fiction genre.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Jane Eyre is a speculative fiction book written by William Shakespeare. Do you like that genre?
He also wrote Jane Eyre which is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
I'm not sure, but I do know that Jane Eyre was influenced by William Shakespeare.
You're welcome.
It was written by Malala Yousafzai and is in the genre of speculative fiction.
I do not have any other information about that book, but I can tell you it was released in 2005.
Veronika is a speculative fiction.
I don't know anything else about Coehlo, but I can tell you he is an author.
I believe he is playing for the Cleveland Cavaliers.
I do. I am a basketball player. I am more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I am not a big basketball fan but I do like the Lakers. Who is your favorite player?
Yes, O Alquimista was written by Alan R. Clarke and was released in 1988.
Paulo Coelho wrote the original version of The Alchemist.
I hope you enjoy it!
That book was written by Rebecca Wells, who also wrote Ya-Ya Sisterhood. Do you like her work?
Rebecca Wells wrote Ya-Yas in Ya-Yas in Bloom, she also wrote Ya-Yas in Bloom.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Kami Garcia wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Darkness. Have you read either of these?
It is a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy books?
You're welcome. Have a good day.
Sarah J Maas wrote Throne of Glass and The Assassin's Blade.
Yes, she also wrote Throne of Glass and The Assassin's Blade.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome!
Dawn of the Planet of the Planet of the Apes is a science fiction novel written by Scott Kosar. It is a speculative fiction novel.
Kodi also starred in The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Revolutions, and The Human Stain to name a few.
Yes, Dead Europe is a crime/drama film. It is also a Thriller.
You're welcome!
A.I. Artificial Intelligence is a Sci-Fi movie starring Brad Pitt. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
I do not have any information on any Drama, but I can tell you it was written by Steven Spielberg who also starred in Zombieland.
You are welcome have a great day!
Sure! This is The End is a comedy-drama film starring Evan Goldberg. Are you a fan of his?
The Interview is a Psychological Thriller and Comedy. Are you a fan of that genre?
I'm not sure who else stars in Whatever It Takes, but Evan Goldberg also starred in The Interview.
Cold Mountain was written by Truman Capote and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
He was also a scientist and a scientist. He was influenced by William Shakespeare.
The Scarlet Pimpler is a Thriller/Drama that was released in 2016.
You got it. I hope you enjoy!
The Dallas Cowboys are a professional football team based in the United States. Do you like football?
I don't know what he was in, but he was also in The Green Bay Packers. Have you seen it?
I don't know if he was a reality show. Do you like reality shows?
Bruce Almighty was written and starred Jim Carrey. Do you like Jim Carrey movies?
It was written and directed by Steve Carell, who also starred in A Bug's Life. Have you seen that one?
It's a political thriller and a political drama. Do you like those?
Sure! Josh Hutcherson starred in The Hunger Games: Catching Fire and The Mother Tongue: English and How It Got That Way.
I don't know much about Zathura: A Space Adventure, but I can tell you that it is a Thriller.
She's a great actress. She also starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
It's a Drama/Drama.
You're welcome.
Pulp Fiction was written by Quentin Tarantino. He also directed Pulp Fiction.
He also wrote Reservoir Dogs, which is a crime fiction.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome.
Sure, Tina Fey wrote The Sweet Far Thing, The Little Friend, and The Little Friend. Have you read any of those?
Yes, he was in the Kite Runner as well as The Rum Diary.
Sure, Tate Taylor directed The Help, starring Al Pacino. Have you seen it?
Yes, Cicely Tyson is a great actress! She also starred in The Help and Get on Up. Have you seen it?
She was also in The Women of Brewster Place.
You're welcome!
Inception is a Sci-Fi movie starring Tom Hardy. Do you like Tom Hardy?
The Dark Knight was directed by Christopher Nolan
Sure, he was in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back, and The Last Samurai.
Indiana Jones was the main star in the Star Wars series. It was written by George Lucas. Do you like science fiction?
I am not sure, but it is a thriller.
Sure! Do you like Fiction or Fantasy?
She also wrote Circling the Sun. Have you heard of that one?
Circling the Sun is a speculative fiction novel about the life of a young woman who meets a woman in her life.
I'm not sure, but it's a fiction novel.
You're welcome!
Sure, Lea Thompson starred in The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded, and The Matrix Reloaded.
She's mainly a children's film but a children's film is classified as a Children's film as well as a children's film. Do you like children's films?
That's a good one. It was written and directed by Tom Hanks. Have you seen it?
He also wrote The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded, and The Matrix Reloaded.
You might also like The Time Traveler's Wife. It was written by John Milius as well. Have you seen it?
Yes, it was written by Francis Ford Coppola and starred Scarlett Johansson and Marlon Brando.
Yes, that one is a very popular one. It was directed by Francis Ford Coppola as well as The Godfather Part II.
Yes, he did and that was directed by Francis Ford Coppola.
Sure, Gustave Flaubert wrote The Name of the Wind and The Bad and the Ugly. Have you read either of those?
He also wrote Madame Bovary. Have you read that one?
Yes, it was written by Gustave Flaubert and was released in 2004.
You got it! I hope you enjoy!
Stieg Larsson is an American professional footballer who plays as a striker for English club Paris Saint-Germain
Sure, she wrote Graceling, Fire, Bitterblue, and Bitterblue. Have you read any of these?
kristin Cashore wrote a book called Bitterblue. Have you read it?
Sure, Margery Williams Bianco is known for writing The Velveteen Rabbit.
I'm not sure if there's anything else I can help you with, but there is a similar book called The Silence of the Lambs that is based on the book.
The Giver is written by William Steig.
He's a quarterback for the Green Bay Packers. Are you a fan?
I'm not a huge fan of football but I do enjoy watching the Superbowl. How about you?
I haven't. I've been to a long time. Who's your favorite team?
I'm not sure, but Aaron Rodgers is a great quarterback.
Yes, The Lost Hero is written by Rick Riordan. It is a Young-adult fiction book. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
The Lost Hero is a Thriller
Yes,It is written by Rick Riordon
You are welcome
Sure, Dan Scanlon starred in Monsters University and Monsters University.
I'm not sure who else stars in it, but I can recommend some other great movies starring Steve Buscemi if you like.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Niccol Machiavelli wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories.
The Prince is a Speculative fiction.
There is no information related to 7 Habits of Highly Effective People.
Yes, I do! He starred in Desperado and Desperado. Have you seen them?
Yes, I like some of his music. What about you do you know about him?
I like his music a lot and I think I'll add them to my favorites.
It was written by Truman Capote and he also wrote To Kill a Mockingbird.
Then you might also enjoy Unleashed or The Time Traveler's Wife.
You're welcome. Have a good day.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Steenburgen and is a Science Fiction book. Do you like Science Fiction?
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks was written by Rebecca Steenburgen and it is a biography.
Walk the Line is written by Rebecca Stead. It's a young-adult fiction book.
The Long Hard Road Out of Hell is written by Robert Mark Kamen and stars Tom Hanks.
I think she's a great singer but I'm not a big fan of her music. What about you?
I am not a big fan of her music but I do like some of her songs like Valentine's Day. Have you been there?
I don't know much about her music, but I do know she is friends with Selena Gomez.
She's a great actress. She starred in The Princess Diaries and The Princess Diaries.
White Squall is a Thriller and is a Thriller. Do you enjoy Thrillers?
Coming of Age is a drama and a crime fiction film. Do you like those types of movies?
I'm not sure, but I do know that Whale Rider is a comedy-drama film.
You too!
Charles Dickens wrote The Old Curiosity Shop, The Old Curiosity Shop and The Old Curiosity Shop.
Sure! Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club was written by Charles Dickens. It was released in 1851.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you he was influenced by William Shakespeare.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, John Grogan wrote Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog. Have you read it?
Sure, Marley & Me was written by John Grogan and he also starred in We Bought a Zoo which is a romantic comedy.
Do you like Scream because it is a horror movie?
Yes, I'm a huge fan of horror genre. I also like the movie A Nightmare on Elm Street.
Sure, Johnny Depp also starred in The Rum Diary which is a horror movie. It was written and directed by Wes Craven.
Yes, Sylvester Stallone directed The Sworn Sword. Have you seen it?
Yes, Randy Couture starred in The Exitables. He also starred in The Princess Diaries.
I don't know, but Sylvester Stallone also starred in The Princess and the Frog.
It was written by Cassandra Clare and released in 2014. Have you heard of her work?
They are Young-adult fiction and Fantasy. Do you like these genres?
If you like fantasy, you might also like the Harry Potter series by Cassandra Clare. It's fantasy.
Do you like Pulp Fiction because it's a crime fiction movie?
It's a crime fiction movie starring Robert Downey Jr., Michael McKean and Jada Pinkett Smith.
I don't know too much about him, but I know he's a table tennis player from China. Do you like table tennis?
Do you know who he is a table tennis player?
I don't know much about him, but I heard he is a good swimmer. Do you like him?
You're welcome!
Yes, Bobby Farrelly starred in Stuck on You and Stuck on You. Have you seen them?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
It's a great movie. Matt Damon also starred in Reese Witherspoon. Have you seen it?
Rob Cohen directed The Skulls and The Skulls. Have you seen them?
The Skulls also starred Matt Damon and Josh Brolin. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
I know they are a soccer team coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
It is a soccer team coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
Yes, he was
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a singer.
Yes, he is a great cricket player. I'm more of a baseball fan.
Sure, he directed Million Dollar Baby which is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Tommy Lee Jones Greta starred in Million Dollar Baby along side Morgan Freeman
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
He directed The Lives of Others and The Tourist. Have you seen either of those?
The Tourist is a psychological thriller and The Lives of Others is a psychological thriller.
I am not sure who starred in it, but I do know it is a thriller.
I'm not sure, but I do know it was released in 2008.
The author of The Dead Undead is Kurt Vonnegut Jr... He also wrote The Tourist.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I'm not a huge basketball fan but I do know they are coached by Steve Kerr. Do you like basketball?
I'm not a big basketball fan but I do know he's a basketball player.
I don't know too much about him, but I do know he is a basketball player.
Sure, Jane Eyre wrote The Old Curiosity Shop and The Old Curiosity Shop. Have you read either of those?
Jane Eyre is actually a Romance novel. Michael Mason also wrote The Year of the Flood and The Fountainhead.
The Time Machine is a book written by William Shakespeare
Yes, he is a great basketball player. He was born in Oakland and plays point guard. Do you like him?
I'm more of a baseball fan, but I'm more of a baseball fan.
No, I didn't know that. What is your favorite Canadian movie?
Yes, John Boyne wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read it?
The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas is a fiction novel.
You're welcome.
Yes, A Million Little Pieces was written by James Frey and is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure, A Million Little Pieces was written by James Frey and has genre memoir and speculative fiction.
Yes, he directed and produced The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen it?
He wrote The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark. Have you read it?
1600 was the year that released The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark
I'm not sure but it was written by William Shakespeare.
Sure. I'll add that one to your list.
Yes, he plays for the Germany national football team.
Yes, Thomas Muller is also a midfielder on the German national team and he is a midfielder.
Not really, I am more of a American Football fan. What about you do you like to watch?
Yes, he's a tennis player from Switzerland and plays tennis. Do you like tennis?
Basel is a tennis player from Switzerland. Do you like tennis?
I do! She's a singer, singer, and song writer. Do you like her music?
Yes, she won the Video Music Award for Video of the Year.
That's right. I don't know too much about her music but I do know she won the MTV Video Music Award for Video for Music
Do you like Jaws because it is a horror movie or because it is a horror movie?
Yes, he was. He also starred in The Goonies.
You're welcome.
She starred in Amelie. Do you like French movies?
Amelie is written by Frances Hodgson Burnett and is a romance film.
Amelie is a romance film. Do you like romance films?
Yes, he starred in a lot of movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
The skulls is a thriller and crime drama film. Do you like that genre?
The skulls is a horror film and a suspense movie starring Robert Downey Jr..
He also starred in a movie called Homage to Catalonia which is a suspense film
I'm not sure what else he has starred in but I can tell you more about Craig T. Nelson.
You're welcome.
I know they're in the National Football League and in the National Football League. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about football but I do know the National Football League is owned by Wayne Weaver. Do you like National Football?
I like American Football. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. Who's your favorite team?
I love Linkin Park, I'm not a big fan of their music but I do like their music. My favorite song is Whatcha say. How about you?
Yes, he is also a musician. He is also a musician and a musician.
I have not heard of them but I do like their music. Do you know who they are?
Yes, I do. The Eagles are a great team. Do you like American Football?
Yeah, they were the runner ups in Super Bowl XIXIII and Super Bowl XLVIII. They were the runner up in Super Bowl XLI.
I don't know much about them, I don't know much about them. Who's your favorite Patriots player?
It was written by Truman Capote who also wrote To Kill a Mockingbird. Do you like the author or the genre?
Then you'd like To Kill a Mockingbird. It's similar to In Cold Blood, which was written by Truman Capote.
Yes, Gone is based on a true story. It's also based on a true story.
Sure, do you like Sci Fi or Fantasy?
Yes, it is. He also starred in X-Men 2. Have you seen that one?
Another comedy you might enjoy is Shark Night. Have you seen that one yet?
I don't know much about them, but I do know their coach is Jason Kidd. Do you know him?
I'm not a big fan of basketball but I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I do. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Yes, it is a great movie. The Book of Eli is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure! She is a very popular actress. She was born in London and died in London. She's a great actress.
Ted was a great movie. She also starred in a movie called Revolting Rhymes.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, he's a great actor. He's been in a lot of movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Yes, he was. It is a fantasy film. Do you like fantasy?
Yes, I do. It was released in 2005 and is a very funny movie.
I do! It's a great movie starring Orlando Bloom and Johnny Depp. Do you like them?
Yes, he was. He also starred in The Rum Diary. Have you seen it?
If you like thrillers, you might also like Shark Night. It's a thriller.
Do you like X-Men Origins because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Sure, he also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine and X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen any of those?
I am not sure, but I can tell you it is a coming of age movie.
You're welcome.
True Grit is a war movie starring Matt Damon and Josh Brolin. Have you seen it?
Sure, Matt Damon also starred in The Girl Next Door and The Girl Next Door. Have you seen those?
I don't know of any action movies, but I do know that Matt Damon is a great actor. He also starred in The Princess Diaries.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it was directed by Quentin Tarantino. Are you interested in his work?
He also directed Twilight which is a Drama movie. Have you seen that one?
Confused was released in 2014. He also directed and starred in Unleashed. Have you seen this movie?
You're welcome, enjoy!
King Kong is a horror film starring Tom Hanks. Do you like horror films?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it is a Thriller.
Sure, I would recommend The Matrix Reloaded, and The Matrix Reloaded.
Yes, it's a great movie. It's a sequel to Eon Flux, which is also a Science Fiction movie.
The New Orleans Saints are a professional football team based in Chicago, Illinois
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help with?
I don't know much about them. Who's their coach now?
Sure! Evan Goldberg directed Maleficent. Have you seen that one?
The Interview stars Seth Rogen and James Franco. Are you a fan of either actor?
Yes, he is. He also starred in The Green Mile. Have you seen it?
Channing Tatum also starred in Wrath of the Titans and The Time Traveler.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it is a great movie. It was written by Richard Condon.
You're welcome.
The Silence of the Lambs was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like J.K. Rowling's work?
Ralph Fiennes has also starred in The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded.
You're welcome.
You might also like the Pillars of the Earth which is a horror film.
The Lion King is a great movie. Have you seen it?
I don't know anything else about The Lion King, but I do know that he also starred in Witches Abroad.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Hancock is starring Will Smith and is a comedy-drama. Do you like comedies?
Will Smith also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness and The Pursuit of Happyness.
I'm not sure about the Genre, but I can tell you Shia LaBeouf is a Psychological thriller.
I'll play it for you now.
Yes, he is a soccer player from the Manchester United F.C. team. Do you like soccer?
i don't know much about him, but i know Fabio Capello is a tennis player.
I am not a big football fan but I do know Fabio plays for the Manchester United F.C. team.
Steve McQueen wrote and directed Christmas presents. Have you seen it?
I don't know much about BTS, but I do know they are a Korean boy band. Do you like them?
I don't know much about them, but they are from South Korea and they have a Boy Band. Do you like their music?
I'm not sure, but I do know that they're in South Korea.
Sure, Jason Flemyng starred in Wild Bill, Welcome to the Punch, and Welcome to the Punch.
I am not sure, but Jason Flemyng also starred in Wild Bill and the Punch.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Sure, she wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Elie Wiesel.
Un di Velt Hot Geshvign is a Tragicomedy and was released in 1958.
You're welcome.
Do you like it because it is a Thriller or because it is a drama?
Hugh Jackman starred in Wolverine. It's also a Sci-Fi movie.
You're welcome. Have a good day.
Yes, Alejandro Amenábar is a Spanish author, poet, and author. He was born in Saudi Arabia. Are you a fan?
I don't know of any movies he has starred in, but I can tell you that he is also a musician.
Yes, he starred in a lot of movies. He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
I do not have any information on that actor, but I can tell you that he is a writer and film director.
Epatha Merkerson starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and Return of the Jedi.
The Six Wives of Henry Lefay is a romantic drama and Terminator 2: Judgement Day is an action film.
I do not have any other information about Epatha Merkerson but I can tell you that it is a drama. Do you like that genre?
Steven D. Levitt is an American author born in London. He wrote Lolita, have you read it?
I have not read A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything was written by Stephen J. Dubner.
I have not, but I will add it to my read list. Thanks for the information.
That's a good one. Stephen J. Dubner is also a writer and author.
Sure, he wrote Lolita, have you heard of that one?
Yes, it is. Do you know who the book is about?
Yes, he is. I'm glad I could help.
Coldplay is a band starring Justin Timberlake. Do you like their music?
It is a horror movie starring Denzel Washington. Do you like horror movies?
I can share some of their music. What genre are you looking for?
Laini Taylor wrote The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner and The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner.
Dreams of Gods & Monsters was released in 2014 and is in the Fantasy genre. Do you like Fantasy?
It was released in 2014. I think you'll enjoy it.
You're very welcome!
Yes he is. He's a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers. Are you a fan of him?
That's right. I don't really follow basketball too much. Do you have a favorite sport?
I have not. I am more of a basketball fan. What about you?
Yes, Quentin Tarantino starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
It was written by Rupi Kahn and released in 2014.
Sure, Grindhouse is a horror movie starring Zombieland, who also starred in Zombieland.
Do you like the movie because it is a Thriller or because it is a Mystery?
Yes, he also directed The Hour I First Believed and The Hour I First Believed. Have you seen them?
I would recommend The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which is a romantic film.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Do you like Phil LaMarr because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Zambezia also starred Tess Gerritsen, Tess Gerritsen and Sam Rockwell. Have you seen any of those?
It is a drama and comedy. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome, have a great day!
They are a basketball team. The Brooklyn Nets is a basketball team. Do you like basketball?
Me too! Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
If you like action movies, you might also like the Avengers: Age of Ultron
It is a action movie starring Robert Downey Jr. and Ramon Rodriguez. Do you like action movies?
Sure, you might like the book because it's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You might also like The Time Traveler's Wife or The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you read those?
Yes, it is a Romance novel.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I think she's a tennis player from India. I don't know much about her, but I do know she was born in Mumbai.
I don't really follow tennis but I do know Serena is a tennis player.
I haven't seen that one. Is it a comedy?
Sure, he starred in a lot of movies. You might also like The Princess Diaries. Have you seen that one?
It's a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he also starred in The Manchurian Candidate which is a Crime Drama.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She also wrote Lord of War. Have you read that one?
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen and is a satire.
I don't know a whole lot but if you are into satire then you should check out The Prestige.
You're welcome.
Yes, she is a singer, songwriter, and songwriter.
I don't know of any of her songs, but I do know that she is a singer.
Yes, it was released in 2010 and is a pop rock genre.
You're welcome.
Edgar Ramirez starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
I love crime fiction movies. I would recommend Zero Dark Thirty. Have you seen it?
You are correct. Mark Boal also wrote The Bourne Identity.
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
He starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys. Have you seen them?
Sure. Unaccompanied Minors is a comedy-drama and also a comedy-drama. Do you like those?
I'm sorry I don't have any more information about Unaccompanied Minors. Can I help you with anything else?
I'll do that right away.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, he wrote The Dark Knight and The Dark Knight Rises. Have you read either of those?
It's a romantic comedy. It was directed by Sara Gruen and was released in 2012.
Great, I'll add it to your watch list.
Yes, it was written by Winnie Holzman and stars Christian Bale. Are you a fan of young adult fiction?
Yes, it was written by Leo Tolstoy.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it was a movie based on the book.
You're welcome.
The Twilight Series is written by Stephanie Meyer, she also wrote The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner. Have you read it?
Yes, she wrote The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner.
You're welcome
It was written by Social Network and stars Justin Timberlake. It is a Thriller/Drama. Do you like that genre?
The Social Network is a biographical film starring Justin Timberlake, who also starred in The Social Network.
There are several films starring Rashida Jones including The Social Network, The Social Network and The Social Network
You're welcome.
Jeremy Tambling is an author who wrote a book called David Copperfield.
Jeremy Tambling wrote a lot of books. My favorite is The Last Summer (of You and Me). Have you read any of his books?
Zadie Smith wrote The Temple of My Familiar and The Temple of My Familiar. Have you read them?
John Carpenter directed The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded.
The Fog was written by John Carpenter and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
I'm sure she'll enjoy it.
Escape from New York is a comedy-drama film.
Lord of the Rings was written by J.R.R Tolkien. He also wrote Lord of the Rings.
Women in Love was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Lord of the Rings.
He also wrote Lord of the Rings and Lord of the Rings.
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski and stars Keanu Reeves. Do you like her movies?
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski and stars Keanu Reeves and Keanu Reeves. Have you seen it?
Tom Berenger, Christopher Nolan, Christopher Nolan
A Wrinkle in Time is a science fiction book written by Madeleine L'Engle and is a children's literature book. Do you like science fiction books?
You might also like Wildwood Dancing, Wildwood Dancing, and Wildwood Dancing. Have you read any of those?
Yes, it is. It was released in 1980 and is also a Science Fiction book.
You might enjoy the Witches Abroad or the Witches Abroad. They are both young-adult fiction.
It was released in 1980. It's a Speculative fiction.
You're welcome.
Ayush Mahesh Khedkar starred in Slumdog Millionaire. Have you seen it?
Slumdog Millionaire is a drama/drama. Do you like drama?
Swarup was released in 2011. It's considered a drama.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I know a few of his works. I know he's a musician, songwriter and film producer. He also starred in The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones, which is a crime fiction film.
Aidan Turner also starred in the Lord of the Rings.
The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones is a crime drama
The Looking Glass Wars is a fantasy drama
The Golden Compass was directed by Steven Spielberg
The BFG was written by Roald Dahl and is in the Fantasy genre. Do you like those genres?
Zoe's Tale is also a Speculative fiction written by John Scalzi and is a children's book.
Yes, it is. Would you like me to add it to your favorites?
Yes, I do. It was written by Donna Tartt and released in 2013.
Yes, she won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. Do you like fiction?
Yes she did. She also wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend.
Yes, it is in the United States of America.
You're welcome
Me Before You was written by J.J. Abrams and is in the Young-adult fiction genre. Do you like that kind of book?
The Ship of Brides was written by Jojo Moyes, who also wrote Nights in Rodanthe.
Great, I hope you enjoy!
Yes, it is a great book written by John Green. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Yep, he also wrote Paper Towns, which is a great book.
I'm not sure, but I know it was written by John Green and stars Sam Trammell.
I'm not sure, but I can recommend some other Young-adult fiction like The Fault in Our Stars.
F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
I'm not sure, but F. Scott Fitzgerald has written a lot of fiction genres such as; Fiction, Fantasy, Children's Literature, and Children's literature.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, he wrote Deadpool. Have you read that one?
The Goon is a horror movie and The Goon is a Thriller. Do you like horror movies?
The Goon is a Thriller and The Goon is a Thriller
You're welcome
Pan's Labyrinth was written by Guillermo del Toro
Yes, it is. It is a Spanish movie.
I'm not sure about the genre but I do know it was released in Spanish.
Have you seen the movie X-Men Origins? It's in the same genre.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, he wrote The Water is Wide and The Prince of Tides. Have you read any of those?
Yes he did and George Carlin was a great actor.
Yes that is correct and he also wrote The Sum of All Fears which is a Vampire
Yes, he is a great author. He wrote  and . Have you read it?
I haven't read that one, but I do know it was released in 1960.
I'm not a big fan of dramas but I do like The Godfather Part II. Have you seen it?
Robert Duvall also starred in Apocalypse Now.
Yes, it was written by Sean Penn and was released in 2001.
Yes, he was in it as well as Into the Wild. Have you seen it?
Into the Wild is a great movie he was in. It was written by Sean Penn and he also starred in Into the Wild. Have you seen it?
Me too! Did you know Garth Williams starred in Wreck-It Ralph? That was a great movie.
Tom Hooper directed The King's Speech, The King's Speech, and The King's Speech.
Sure! Les Miserables is a popular one by Tom Hooper, who also starred in The King's Speech, have you seen that one?
You're welcome.
I think he is a great singer and songwriter. Do you like him?
I don't know too much about her, but I do know she starred in a movie called Selena.
I've always wanted to listen to her music. I'm more of a rock person. I'm more of a rock person. What about you?
I'm always happy to hear that!
Yes, it is a soccer team coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
FC Bayern Munich is coached by Louis van Gaal. Are you a fan?
I am not sure but I do know that they are coached by Louis van Gaal.
The Maze Runner is a Young-adult fiction book written by James Dashner. Are you interested in Young-adult fiction?
John Green wrote The Scorch Trials.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, I can tell you that she wrote The God of Small Things. Have you read that one yet?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it was written in English
Yes, it was adapted into a movie starring Tom Hanks.
You're welcome, enjoy!
That was written by J.K. Rowling and is in the Fiction genre. Do you like that genre?
The Life of Bees was written by Rhonda Byrne and is in the Fiction genre.
the book is based on the book and the movie was filmed in Las Vegas
She wrote Dracula. Have you read that one?
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is a popular one by that author.
I do not have any authors similar to Dracula, but I can tell you she also wrote Into the Wild and Into the Wild.
You're welcome.
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom and Billy Boyd. Do you like Fantasy movies?
It was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Troy. Have you seen it?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Gary Kubiak. Do you like them?
I'm not a big American Football fan but I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan.
Yeah, he also owns the New Orleans Pelicans. Do you like the Texans?
Yes, he starred in Winnie the Pooh and Troy. Have you seen either of those?
I'm sorry, I don't have anymore information on Wuthering Heights. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you Saffron Burrows was in a movie that came out in 2014.
Sure! Wuthering Heights was written by Emily Bronte and stars Emily Bronte. It's a Thriller, Drama, Thriller and Drama.
She wrote The Good Earth which is a Historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
I don't have that information, but I do know Pearl S Buck was influenced by Richard Linklater.
The Waves was also released in 1931 and is a Psychological Thriller. Do you like those kinds of genres?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, she is a great tennis player. She lost to Serena Williams and Roger Federer. Do you like her?
I know she is a tennis player, but I don't know much about her. I know she is married to Serena Williams.
I don't know much about her as an athlete, but I do know she is a basketball player.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a cricket player.
It was written by Thomas Christensen and released in 1989.
I don't know what else was released in 1989, but I can tell you more about Como agua para chocolate.
You're welcome.
You're very welcome!
The Avengers is a superhero movie starring Scarlett Johansson. Do you like superhero movies?
Yes X-Men 2 is written by Zak Penn
I don't know what year it was released
Your welcome enjoy
Do you like it because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
If you like romance, you might also enjoy X-Men Origins:Wolverine. It's a great movie.
You're welcome. Enjoy the movies!
Sure! He wrote The Stand, The Stand, and The Stand. Have you read those?
Stephen King was born in London and he also wrote The Stand.
The Dead Zone is a Psychological Thriller
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you Rob Lowe is a writer
Forrest Gump is written by Winston Groom and stars Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks.
Tom Hanks starred in Larry Crowne which is a romantic comedy
Larry Crowne is considered a comedy-drama, and the Simpsons movie was directed by Tom Hanks. Would you like to hear about some of his movies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy!
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets was written by J.K. Rowling. She also wrote Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince. Have you read that one?
Yes it is, similar to Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets.
It does star Pierre Perrier. It is a thriller and a mystery.
I don't know much about them, I know they are owned by Pete Carroll. Do you like them?
I don't know much about the Seahawks, but I do know they're in the AFC East division.
Yes it is, and the Seahawks are in the same division as the Seahawks.
It was written by Jerry Spinelli and released in 2007.
Yes, he also wrote Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which is a Young-adult fiction.
You're welcome. I'm sorry.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is an athlete who plays tennis.
I don't know too much about him, but I know he's a tennis player.
I agree. What do you think about Serena Williams?
Sure, do you like books written by Mary GrandPre because it is a fantasy book or because it is a fantasy book?
Yes, she did. She also wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard.
What Alice Forgot was written by Liane Moriarty and was released in 2009. Do you like her work?
Yes, she did. She also wrote The Last Anniversary and The Last Anniversary.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
The Dallas Cowboys are a professional football team based in Dallas, Texas. Do you like football?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you have a favorite team?
I haven't been to a long time but they are having a good season.
I don't know too much about him. I know he's from the United States so I don't know much about him
Yes, he starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen any of those?
X-Men 2 is written by Stan Lee. Would you like to hear about movies starring Bryan Singer?
The Incredible Hulk stars Robert Downey Jr. and Cameron Diaz. Do you know them?
God's Smuggler is a good one. Have you read it yet?
The Hiding Place is a self-help book. It was released in 1960 and is in the Children's literature genre.
You're welcome.
Noah Emmerich starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine. what else can i answer for you?
I'm not sure, but Noah Emmerich starred in a movie called Warrior. Have you seen it?
You might also like the movie called Ip Man, it is a comedy-drama.
Great, have a good day!
He directed The Lego Movie and 22 Jump Street. Have you seen them?
I don't know who starred in 22 Jump Street, but Phil Lord directed The Lord of War.
I'm not sure, but Channing Tatum was in White House Down.
You're welcome.
It was written by Sean Penn and stars Sean Penn. Do you like Sean Penn?
Great, I'll add it to your highness to you must watch it.
Yes, she was. No Strings Attached was written by J.K. Rowling.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like it because it's a Sci-Fi movie?
Have you seen World War Z? It is a great Sci-Fi movie starring Jeff Bridges.
Zombieland is starring Xander Berkeley, who also starred in The Last Samurai
I'm not sure what year it was released, but it was directed by David Ayer
Anita Diamant wrote The Red Tent and The Last Summer (of You and Me). Have you read those?
I'm not much of a fan of fiction, but I heard it was a good book.
You're welcome!
A Little Princess is a children's literature written by James Dashner. Do you like children's literature?
The King of Attolia was written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
Yes, I would recommend Witches Abroad and Witches Abroad. Both are very good books.
A Farewell to Arms is a children's literature written by Ernest Hemingway. Do you like children's literature?
You might like The Time Traveler's Wife. It's similar to A Farewell to Arms.
A Farewell to Arms is a Fiction Novel that was released in 1960. It is a historical period drama.
Groundhog Day is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Thriller movies?
Groundhog Day is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Harold Ramis wrote and starred in Ghostbusters.
You're welcome
I love Linkin Park, I'm not a big fan of their music but I do like their music. My favorite song is Whatcha say. How about you?
The Green Lantern was written by Stephen King and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks movies?
Green Lantern is a great movie. You might also like The Hunger Games. It's a Thriller, starring Tom Hanks.
Yes, it is. It's a great movie. You should check it out. It's a great family movie.
Yes, she was in Seven Sons. She also starred in The Princess Diaries. Have you seen that one?
Sure, Jean-pierre Youngt directed The Republic of Love and The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen them?
Yes, he does. He also starred in The Girl Next Door, which is a comedy.
I don't know when he started, but I do know he is a comedian.
You're welcome.
The Ocean at the End of the Lane is written by Neil Gaiman and was released in 2013. Do you like Neil Gaiman books?
The Ocean at the End of the Lane is written by Neil Gaiman.
You're welcome.
It's a great movie. It was written by Joel Coen and stars Seth Rogen. Are you a fan of his work?
Tommy Lee Jones starred in The Matrix Reloaded. Would you like to hear about other suspense movies?
I'm not sure who directed it, but I do know it was directed by David Ayer.
Do you like the movie because it is a drama or because it is a thriller?
It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, it is. It is also a spy genre.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Me Before You was written by J.D. Salinger. He also wrote Sellevision. Have you read it?
Jojo Moyes also wrote The One Minute Manager and The One Minute Manager. Have you read either one?
You're welcome.
He wrote The Three Musketeers. Have you read that one?
Yes, he was. He also wrote To Have and Have Not.
The Count of Monte Cristo is a very popular novel by him. He also wrote The Three Musketeers. Have you read it?
You're welcome.
Sure, he wrote The Waves and The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you read them?
Yes, that is a great movie starring Tom Cruise. Do you like Tom Cruise movies?
Yes he did and Peter Capaldi also starred in Tom Cruise. Do you like Tom Cruise movies?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Katherine Paterson wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and The Great Gilly Hopkins. Have you read them?
Yes, it does have a sequel called The Great Gilly Hopkins.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Do you like the Hunger Games because it is a Hunger Games movie?
Shark Night is a thriller and stars Katharine McPhee. It's a great movie.
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee.
Yes, he wrote Wicked Lovely and Wicked Lovely. Have you read those?
Walking Disaster is a Thriller. It's a Thriller.
Yes, Walking Disaster is a Thriller
You're welcome!
The Matrix Reloaded is a Thriller starring Keanu Reeves. Do you like Thriller movies?
He also starred in The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen them?
The Matrix Reloaded also stars Keanu Reeves. Would you like me to add it to your list?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I like her music. She composed You Lost Me and Wild Ones. Have you heard of them?
Yes she did and she also won the MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year and the Video Music Award for Best Choreography.
Yes, Australia is on the bucket list as well. She is a very talented person.
Lana Wachowski starred in The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded, and The Matrix Reloaded.
Then you'll like The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded, and The Matrix Reloaded.
Yes, you're correct. I'm not sure about that one, but it was directed by Lana Wachowski.
Blood Promise is a young adult fiction written by Richelle Mead. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes, that was also written by Richelle Mead and is a Young-adult fiction.
Vampire Academy was written by Richelle Mead and released in 2011.
Yes, he did
Do you like Mission Impossible because Tom Cruise starred in it or because Tom Cruise starred in it?
Do you like it because it's a Fantasy?
I'm not sure about similar movies but I do know that Will Ferrell starred in The Lego Movie, which is a Thriller.
I don't know of any other movies that he starred in, but I do know that Will Ferrell starred in The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Tom Skerritt starred in Tom Skerritt and The Last Samurai. Have you seen them?
Ted Danson is a comedy-drama.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Maruice Hindle wrote The Subterraneans which is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, The Modern Prometheus was also written by Maurice Hindle and was released in 1818.
Yes, they were written in English. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, he wrote The Name of the Wind and The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you read either of those?
It was released in 1856 and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, she did. She also wrote Madame Bovary.
I know they're in the National Football League and I'm more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan.
I don't know much about football, but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver.
I don't know much about sports, but I know a lot of people like the Cowboys and Cowboys.
Yes, there is a sequel to Toy Story 2.
Toy Story 3 and Toy Story 3 are in that genre.
Will make a comedies like Toy Story 3 which is a comedy-drama.
Sure, I will send it right over. Enjoy!
Yes, he is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Do you like basketball?
I don't know much about basketball, but I do know he is a basketball player.
I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Sure, Blade Runner stars Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks. It was released in 2012.
William Sanderson also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
It's more of a thriller and suspense. It's more of a thriller and suspense.
Bood Diamond starred Matt Damon and is a Thriller. Do you like Horror?
He's a great actor. He also starred in Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure where Stephen collins is in but I do know he starred in The Wolf of Wall Street.
James Nesbitt starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
It's a drama. Do you like that kind of movie?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Law Abiding Citizen was written by Kurt Wimmer, who also wrote The House of Seven Gables. Have you seen that movie?
Roger Bart also starred in The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen those?
You might like Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee.
Do you like the movie because it's a Thriller?
If you like Science Fiction, you might also like The Maze Runner or The Matrix Reloaded.
You're welcome.
Yes, I am familiar with her music. She's also a singer and a singer. Do you like her music?
I'm not a big fan of her music but I do like some of her songs. My favorite is What's Your Number. Have you heard of it?
She is a great actress. She starred in The Muppets and The Muppets.
Sure, he wrote The Three Musketeers and The Three Musketeers.
It was released in 2002 and is in the English language. Do you like Spanish literature?
I'm not sure but I can tell you El juego del ángel is in English.
Anita Diamant wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Summer. Have you read either of those?
It is fiction genre
Anita Diamant is more of a fiction genre
You're welcome
Do you like the Untouchables because it is a Crime Fiction movie?
Yes, Capone is a drama and a mystery. Do you like those types of movies?
It is a drama and a crime fiction movie. Do you like those kinds of movies?
It is a great movie. It was written by Francis Ford Coppola and is a Thriller.
You're welcome.
I have not, but I know it was written by Ben Stiller and released in 2011.
I am not sure, but I can tell you it is a drama
The Dark Knight is a similar movie
The main lead in The movie is Peter Hyams
You're welcome
Sure! Margaret Stohl wrote Gone Baby Gone which is a romance novel. Have you read it?
It's considered a thriller and romance. Do you like those kinds of books?
I'm not sure about Fantasy, but I do know it was released in 2011.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time is a fantasy movie. Do you like Fantasy movies?
The Looking Glass Wars is a great fantasy movie. Another fantasy movie you might like is Shark Night. Have you seen it?
It's a great movie. It was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
It was written by Sophie Kinsella and released in 2005. She also wrote The Wedding Date.
Sophie Kinsella wrote Wedding Night, Twenties Girl and Twenties Girl
I'm not sure, but she did write Wedding Night.
You're welcome, enjoy!
She wrote Graceling, Fire, Bitterblue, and Bitterblue. Have you read any of these?
Yes, she is a Romance and Historical period drama
It was written by Robert Mark Kamen
You are welcome
She wrote The Search. Have you read that one?
I do not know what year it was released
Yes it was
I don't know too much about him, but I know he is an athlete who plays for the Belgium national football team.
I'm more of a baseball fan. I don't really follow soccer. What about you?
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you do you like to watch?
My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks. Who's yours?
Yes, he is an actor that starred in The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban.
I have not, but I can tell you that it is a Romance film starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom?
Yes, he starred in a lot of popular movies, including Full Frontal and MTV Video Music.
Yes, Embeth starred in Shackleton and Shackleton.
Kevin McNally is another actor in Shackleton.
I don't know what year it came out.
William Goldman starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine.
William Goldman is a speculative fiction novel.
Yes, he wrote The Manchurian Candidate, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Iliad.
You're welcome.
Sure, she wrote White Oleander and The Princess Bride. Have you read either of those?
I'm not sure, but they were written by Sebastian Schipper and Sebastian Schipper.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 stars Emma Stone and Emma Stone. Are you a fan of Emma Stone?
Yes, he is. He is married to Emma Stone.
Yes, Rashida Jones also starred in The Social Network. Are you a fan of hers?
You're welcome!
I know that he wrote Things Fall Apart.
Have you heard of the Lord of the Rings series?
No I haven't seen that one. But I do know it was written by Robert Mark Kamen.
You are welcome have a good day.
Do you like Pulp Fiction because it's a crime fiction movie?
Yes, Jamie Foxx starred in Django Unchained.
You're welcome!
Sure, Mitch Alborn wrote Tuesdays with Morrie, Tuesdays with Morrie, and Tuesday with Morrie.
It is a fiction book and biography
Have you heard of Tuesdays with Morrie? It is a Non Fiction book
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski and stars Keanu Reeves. She also starred in V for Vendetta.
Ninja Assassin stars Keanu Reeves and Robert Downey Jr..
I'm not a huge fan of his music but I do enjoy Romance movies. Do you like him?
You're right!
I'm not sure, but Echoes of Silence was a great song too.
A Time to Kill is written by John Green and is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I'm not sure about his work but I can tell you he is a writer of the book called A Time to Kill.
The Brethren was released in 2005 and also stared in a movie called A Time to Kill.
I don't know about the genre but I do know that it was released in 1995.
Yes. The Vanished Man is in English and is in English.
You're welcome.
Green Eggs and Ham is a children's literature written by Dr. Seuss. Do you like children's literature?
He also wrote The Cat in the Hat and The Cat in the Hat. Have you read them?
There's a Wocket in My Pocket is a great children's literature written by James Dashner.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, he is a great singer. Did you know he's also a singer?
I do like his music. Do you know Maroon 5 is a singer?
I'm not a big fan of The X Factor but I do like his music.
Peter Dinklage starred in The Station Agent and The Station Agent. Have you seen those?
Yes, it is. It's a Thriller/Drama.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
The Tragedy of Othello, The Moor of Venice is written by William Shakespeare.
He also wrote Romeo and Juliet, A Midsummer Night's Dream, and A Midsummer Night's Dream.
Shakespeare also wrote Romeo and Juliet, which is a fantasy. You might also enjoy A Midsummer Night's Dream.
You're welcome.
Anthony Hopkins starred in Water for Elephants. Have you seen that one?
Anthony Hopkins starred in a lot of movies. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am not sure when it was released, but i do know Anthony Hopkins starred in X-Men 2.
Anthony Hopkins also starred in a movie called Nowhere Boy.
you are welcome.
Dave McKean wrote Wizard and Glass and The Graveyard Book. Have you read them?
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Absolute Sandman Returns.
I don't have any information on Dreams with Sharp Teeth, but I can tell you that he was influenced by Richard Linklater.
Yes, it is considered children's literature in the fantasy genre. Would you like me to add it to your list?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Her is a great actress. It's a Sci-Fi movie starring Scarlett Johansson and Matt Letscher. It was released in 2013.
Scarlett Johansson starred in The Scorch Trials and in The Prestige. Have you seen either of those?
Scarlett Johansson also starred in We Bought a Zoo, and The Prestige.
Yes, Scarlett Johansson also starred in The Scorch Trials and The Scorch Trials.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in Kill Bill: Vol 2. He also starred in Shackleton. Have you seen it?
Vivica A. Fox is a great actress. She also starred in Snatchers, which is a Crime Thriller.
Yes, he was in Pulp Fiction and also starred in Slumdog Millionaire.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a coach.
I don't know too much about him, but I do know he was born in Los Angeles.
Robert Duvall starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did and Valerie Tian also wrote The Apostle.
Sure, if you like Indie films, you might also like The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring and The Fellowship of the Ring.
Christina Perri is a song writer, songwriter, and song writer. She wrote A Thousand Years. Have you heard of it?
no I didn't know that. I do you know she is a musician?
Wayman : Film Executive Produced: John Lennon
that is a good one as well as a basketball movie.
I think he's a good singer, but I don't know much about him. What do you think?
I'm not sure, but I do know he was married to Hailey Baldwin.
I've never heard of that one, but I've heard it's a good album
There is a movie called Fellowship of the Ring written by J.R.R Tolkien.
Yes, he was in Fellowship of the Ring. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Christopher Lee starred in The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers and The Two Towers.
The Battle of Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. He also wrote The Son of Neptune.
The Titan's Curse is written by Rick Riordan. Are you a fan of young-adult fiction?
Then you might also like The Titan's Curse of Labyrinth.
You're welcome!
He directed The Simpsons movie. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure if he directed it, but he also directed A Bug's Life. Have you seen it?
Then you might also enjoy X-Men Origins:Wolverine and World War Z. Have you seen those?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Jennifer L. Armentrout wrote Wicked and Wicked. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it was. It was also a play.
Yes, she co-wrote Wicked. Have you read any of her work?
You're welcome.
Mhari Calvery starred in Scream 4 and V for Vendetta. Have you heard of those?
I am not sure who else starred in Braveheart, but I know Mhari Calvery starred in it.
I'm not sure but I do know it was directed by David Ayer.
You're welcome.
Yes, I do. He wrote The Terminator and The Order. Have you read either of those?
The Bone Clocks was released in 2005 and is in English. Do you enjoy thrillers?
The Bone Clocks was written in English and released in 2008.
You're welcome
Sure, he directed The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which was directed by James Gunn. Have you seen it?
It's a great movie! It's a great family movie. It's a comedy-drama.
He's also a director and director. He's a great actor. He's also a director.
Ok, enjoy!
Yes, he wrote My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories. Have you read that one yet?
Yes, you are correct. It was released in 1606.
Yes, Gnomeo & Juliet is written by Robert Mark Kamen.
Yes, Elysium is a thriller starring Matt Damon and was released in 2012. Do you like thrillers?
I haven't seen it yet, but I do know it was written by Christopher Nolan, who is in it.
No I have not, but I can tell you he's a great actor. He also starred in The Prestige.
There's also Interstellar, Gravity and Inception. Both are great movies.
You're welcome.
I'm not sure about the release of his last album, but I can tell you he is a singer/songwriter too.
I'm not sure but I do know Sam Smith starred on The Thrill of It.
I don't know any of his songs, but I do know he is a singer like him.
I'm more of a rock fan. I'm more of a rock person. What about you?
He wrote рестуление и накаание and рестуление и накаание.
It was written in English and released in 1946
1971 was the same year as The Fault in Our Stars.
I don't know much about Thiago Silva, but I know he is a Brazilian jiu-jitsu champion.
I don't know too much about him, but I know he was born in Sao Paulo.
I don't know too much about her, but I do know she was born in Sao Paulo.
Cao Chi wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes. It was released in 1987.
Stephen Hawking wrote The Big Bang to Black Holes, which is a speculative fiction book.
Alien Planet is a comedy-drama film starring Kevin Spacey. Do you like his acting?
You're welcome.
I do! I like his song New Perspective. Have you heard of it?
Under the Tuscan Sun was written by Frances Mayes. Would you like to hear about other books by him?
It was released in 2005 and is in the English language.
Under Magnolia was released in 2005 and is a children's literature.
Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier, The Pacifier, and The Pacifier. Have you seen any of these?
The Pacifier is a thriller and drama. Do you like thrillers?
Underdog is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome, enjoy!
City of God is a drama starring Cassandra Clare. Do you like dramas?
The Escapist is a horror starring Seu Jorge. It was released in 2005.
I am not sure about The Escapist but I can tell you he also starred in The House of Sand.
Yes, he wrote The Future of Us. Have you read it?
I would recommend The Long Second of Life by Jay Asher. It is a speculative fiction.
I'm not sure. However, I can recommend Xenocide and Z for Zachariah.
I don't know when it was released, but it is more of a thriller.
You're welcome.
City of Lost souls is written by Cassandra Clare. Are you a fan of hers?
The Mortal Instruments was released in 2012.
I don't know of any other books released in 2011. What genre are you looking for?
You are welcome. I hope you like it.
The Historian is a dystopian novel written by S.S. Wilson. Do you like dystopian fiction?
I don't know much about suspense, but I can tell you it was written by William Steig.
Without Fail is a thriller that was released in 2014. It is a sequel to The Historian.
You're welcome.
Are you interested in Young-adult fiction?
Did you enjoy it because it was a drama or a crime fiction?
Yes, he was in Help. Did you know he also starred in The Princess Diaries?
It's a drama. Do you like drama?
You're welcome!
Do you like it because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
The genre is Fantasy. Do you like Fantasy?
Yes, he is. He also starred in a movie called Unleashed.
You're welcome.
He directed Snow White and the Huntsman. Have you seen that one?
Yes, she was in Snow White and the Huntsman, have you seen it?
They both wrote and produced Snow White and the Huntsman, have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, The Mark of Athena is a Greek mythology written by Rick Riordan. Are you a fan of this author?
The Titan's Curse was written by Rick Riordan. It's a fantasy novel. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
I don't know too much about The Weeknd, but I do know that he is friends with Selena Gomez.
Yes, she starred in The Muppets. Did you know she also starred in Princess Protection Program?
The Muppets is a great movie. Did you know he also starred in No Strings Attached?
I do! She starred in The Muppets and The Muppets. Have you seen them?
Yes, I do. Will Smith starred in The Pursuit of Happyness, which is a Thriller.
Yes, he was. He also starred in The Princess Diaries. Have you seen that one?
bum Badminton is a great actor. He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine. Have you seen that one?
Then you'd like X-Men Origins:Wolverine. It's a great Romantic comedy.
What a Girl Want is a romantic comedy. It was written by James L Brooks. You might also like The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. It's a good one.
Yes, Evan Goldberg is a director. He directed Maleficent. Have you seen it?
Great! Emma Watson also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, have you seen that one?
Yes, This is the End is considered a fantasy and comedy. Another fantasy movie you might enjoy is Shark Night.
You're welcome!
Yes, John G. Avil is a screenwriter and film director. He wrote The Devil Wears Prada.
Yes, Sylvester Stallone also starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
The Last Dragon is a great movie. It stars Tom Hanks, Steve Buscemi, and Steve Buscemi.
Yes, she starred in The Cosby.
You're welcome.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix was directed by J.K. Rowling, who also directed Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince.
Children of the Prophecy is a fantasy film
There is a sequel called Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince
There are 6 parts in this series
Yes, directed by J.K. Rowling
You are welcome
The Clan of the Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Chronicles of Narnia.
He also wrote The Clan of the Cave Bear.
Sure! Shelters of Stone is a historical novel set in England. It was released in 2008.
Then you'll like Zoe's Tale. It was written by John Scalzi and is also speculative fiction.
You're welcome!
Sure, he starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, Timescape, and more. Have you seen any of those?
Unforgivable Blackness also starred Kevin Spacey and Kate Beckinsale.
Yes, he does. He also starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
Yes, he did. I'll add that to your playlist.
Yes, he is a cricket player from India and plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders. Do you like cricket?
I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I don't know much about tennis but I do know a lot about Serena Williams is also an athlete.
Yes, he is a very good athlete as well.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a basketball player.
I like Michael Jordan, and Bill Murray on Space Jam. Do you like him?
That was a great movie. I'm not sure if I've seen the 2nd one. But I do like Sci Fi movies.
I don't know much about them, but I do know their coach is John Fox. Do you like them?
The Sea of Monsters was written by Rick Riordan. He also wrote The Sea of Monsters.
The Sea of Monsters is a fantasy novel.
The If is also written by Rick Riordan
F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote The Grand Budapest Hotel, The Grand Budapest Hotel, and The Grand Budapest Hotel. Have you read any of these?
The Side of Paradise was released in 1867 and is in the Fiction genre.
He also wrote The Curse of the Black Pearl and The End of Paradise. Have you read them?
You're welcome!
Michael Crichton was influenced by Michael Crichton. He was influenced by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
I'm sorry. I don't have access to that information right now.
Robin Cook is a writer, author, and film director. He was born in London.
You're welcome.
Have you seen Ratatouille? It's a great family movie.
Yes he does and Jason Lee starred in The Incredibles. He also starred in Zombieland.
You're welcome.
Jeremy Tambling wrote a book called David Copperfield. Have you read it?
Yes,It is a biography
Jeremy Tambling wrote a book called David Copperfield
I don't know any other songs by him, but I do know he's a celebrity friend to Tyga?
Yes, he also composed for Young Frankenstein. Have you heard it?
I don't know a whole lot about him, but I do know he's a celebrity friend to Tyga
It was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Siddhartha was written by Hilda Rosner and Hermann Hesse. She also wrote The Silence of the Lambs.
The Thief of Always was written by William Steig. He's a great author. He's also a scientist and author.
He also wrote Siddhartha. Have you heard of that one?
You're welcome.
Yes, it's a great movie! It was written by J.R.R Tolkien and stars Orlando Bloom. Have you seen it?
Then you'll like The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers, The Two Towers, and The Two Towers.
I agree. He's a great actor. He was also in the Harry Potter movies. Have you seen it?
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was written by Patrick Rothfuss. He also wrote The Chronicles of Narnia: The Odyssey of Sherlock Holmes.
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Adventures of Sherlock Holmes.
The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes is a mystery novel.
The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes is a short story
Yes, The Girl on the Train was written by Paula Hawkins and Paula Hawkins. Have you read any of her work?
The Girl on the Train was written by Robert Mark Kamen and released in 2012.
I don't know any other films filmed in Mexico but I do know that it was filmed in New Mexico.
Yes, he is a great singer. I like his song Whenever, Wherever is one of my favorites.
I do like her dad's music. Do you know who he is?
I do like her music. She starred in What Happens in Vegas.
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in Unleashed and The Muppets. Have you seen those?
Yes, Nora Dunn also starred in Three Kings, have you seen that one?
I don't know any other movies, but I do know Three Kings is directed by David O. Russell
You're welcome.
Where the Heart Is is written by Billie Letts and is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
Yes, Christopher Bigsby also wrote The Crucible. Have you read it?
Yes, all my Sons is a drama.
Yes, Christopher Bigsby also wrote Where the Heart Is, which is a drama.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Mark Margolis starred in The Girl Next Door and The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen those?
Yes, Marisa Tomei starred in The Wrestler and The Green Hornet.
I'm not sure of any other movies she's starred in but I can tell you she also starred in The Princess Diaries.
I'm not sure, but it is a great movie!
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, he directed The Legend of Tarzan and The Dark Knight Rises. Have you seen them?
Yes, he also directed The Legend of Tarzan and the Order of the Phoenix. Have you seen any of those?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Joseph Heller wrote The Temple of My Familiar, which is a speculative fiction.
I'm not sure if that's the same genre but if you like historical fiction you might also like The Fault in Our Stars.
You're welcome
Stefan Kapicic starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
It's a great movie. Stefan Kapicic also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine.
It is a superhero movie.
Are you interested in other books by J.K. Rowling?
I would recommend Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince
E Lockhart wrote We Were Liars and The Disreputable History of Frankie Landaue-Banks.
Yes, it is in English and is also in English.
You're welcome.
Do you like Interstellar because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Do you like Interstellar because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Another Sci-Fi movie you might enjoy is World War Z. Have you seen this one yet?
I'm not sure who starred in this movie, but it is a Sci-Fi movie.
If you like Peter Capaldi, you might also like Zombieland and X-Men Origins.
Yes, I like his song We Rode in Trucks. Have you heard it?
I don't know, but I do know that Luke Bryan is a singer.
I don't know if that genre is. I don't know much about his music but I do like some of his songs.
He directed The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen those?
Equilibrium was directed by Kurt Wimmer and also starred in Kurt Wimmer. Have you seen it?
Emily Watson starred in The Matrix Reloaded and in The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen either of those?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, Sidney Lumet is a singer, songwriter and author. He wrote The Twilight Series. Have you heard of it?
I don't know any other books by him but I can tell you more about her
Crime is a fiction book
Do you like The Selection because it is written by Kiera Cass or because it is a Young-adult fiction?
The Selection is also written by Kierra Cass. She also wrote The Siren, The Prince, and The Siren, and The Prince. Have you read them?
Hope you enjoy it
You are welcome. Have a good day.
Sure, he directed Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Yes, Waking Life is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he directed Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
The Fault in Our Stars is a young-adult fiction written by John Green. Do you like young adult fiction?
The Fault in Our Stars was written by John Green and released in 2012.
Looking for Alaska is a young-adult fiction book.
Paper Towns was written by John Green. You might also like Paper Towns.
Yes, it was directed by Matt Damon. Do you like his movies?
I'm not sure if he directed anything else, but Good Will Hunting was directed by James Patterson. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was. That was a great movie. You should check it out. It's a really good movie.
There's a lot of movies in that genre, including The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded, and The Matrix Reloaded.
He wrote Sedaris: The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban. Have you read it?
Yes, he was a writer and a politician. He was born in SantaLand Diaries. He was influenced by Sedaris and David Sedaris. He was also a teacher.
Yes, Flannery O'Connor was influenced by William Steig. He was also a teacher and a teacher.
It was written by E. Lockhart and released in 2014.
E. Lockhart wrote The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information, but I can tell you that it was released in 2014.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Charles Frazier is an American author, poet, essayist, essayist, essayist, and columnist. Are you interested in any of his works?
Thirteen Moons is considered a historical drama.
A Tale of Two Cities is written by William Shakespeare.
You're welcome.
I'm not a big fan of pop music but I do know they are a Korean boy band from Seoul.
I don't know that one, but I do know they are a singer like Taylor Swift. Do you know him?
Yes, he starred in Island of the Blue Dolphins and in Island of the Blue Dolphins. Have you seen them?
He wrote Island of the Blue Dolphins which was released in 1960.
Yes, he wrote The Blue Dolphins and was released in 1960.
He's a table tennis player from China. Do you like table tennis?
Yes, he was. He participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
You're welcome.
Het Achterhuis: Dagboekbrieven 14 juni 1942 - 1 augustus 1944.
I'm not sure but it was released in English
I don't know anything about Eleanor Roosevelt, but I do know that he wrote The Lady in the Lake
You're welcome!
That was a great movie. It was written by Nicholas Pileggi and Robert De Niro. Have you seen it?
Goodfellas is a drama. Do you like Robert De Niro's acting?
Do you like Robert De Niro because it is a thriller?
What Just Happened is a horror film starring Matt Damon and Kate Beckinsale.
Yes, it is written by Art Linson.
You're welcome.
Do you like 12 Angry Men because it is a Thriller?
I am not sure who stars in What Lies Beneath but it is a drama.
What Lies Beneath was released in 2014.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Boston Celtics is a professional basketball team based in Boston, Massachusetts.
I do. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I do. My favorite team is the Lakers. Who's yours?
I think he's a good player. What's your favorite player?
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Yes, Jason Statham also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine. Have you seen that movie?
I'm not sure if he directed anything else, but I can tell you he also directed Deadpool. Have you seen it?
Natalie Babbitt wrote Tuck Everlasting, which is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
Yes, Tuck Everlasting is a children's literature genre. Would you like to read it?
Yes, it is a children's book and a children's literature.
You're welcome.
The Perks of Being a Wallflower is a comedy starring Matt Damon. Do you like comedies?
Roland Emmerich also wrote The Day After Tomorrow. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he did. He also starred in a movie called Independence Day. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Basher Savage starred in Gravity. Have you seen it?
Gravity was released in 2014. Alfonso Cuarón also starred in the movie A Bug's Life.
Gravity was released in 2013. I don't know who wrote Gravity.
I'm sorry, I don't have information on other Sci-Fi examples
You're welcome.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver. Do you like them?
I've never been to Oakland. I'm more of a baseball fan.
I'm not much of a baseball fan, but I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan.
The Prestige is a thriller starring Christian Bale and Michael Caine. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, The Prestige is starring Scarlett Johansson and Michael Caine.
Rebecca Hall starred in The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises
You are welcome, enjoy!
Catch 22 was written by Joseph Heller and is a war novel. Do you like war novels?
Yes, Catch-22 is a satire based on a true story.
I'm sorry, I don't have access to that information right now.
You're welcome.
P.C. Cast wrote Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth. Have you read those?
It's a romance novel released in 2008. It was written in English.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, A Tale of Two Cities is written by Charles Dickens. Have you read it?
Yes, it is. It is a speculative fiction book.
Yes, and Zadie Smith also wrote A Tale of Two Cities.
You're welcome.
John Lasseter directed The Pillars of the Earth, which is a Thriller. Have you seen it?
Cars 2 was released in 2001 and is a Thriller/Drama. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, Peter Jacobson also starred in A Bug's Life. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome.
I know he's married to Hayden Panettiere, but I don't know much about him.
She starred in Ocean's Eleven which is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Yes, he is. I think you'll enjoy it.
The Denver Broncos are a professional football team based in the Denver Broncos.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like the Dallas Cowboys?
I don't know too much about the reds, but I do know they won the Super Bowl XLIII.
That was written by Terry Pratchett and is a Fantasy genre. Do you like Fantasy genre?
Yes Wyrd Sisters is also written by Terry Pratchett
You might like Zoe's Tale
He's on the Golden State Warriors. Are you a fan of basketball?
I don't know too much about him, I think he is a basketball player
Yes, he is
You're welcome.
Anthony Heald starred in The Silence of the Lambs. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, Ted Tally wrote The Silence of the Lambs as Hannibal Lector.
If you liked The Juror, you might also enjoy The Silence of the Lambs. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
I am not a big fan of sci-fi. What about you do you like about the Transformers?
Yes, Shia Lebouf starred in Revenge of the Fallen.
I'm not sure, but I do know that Shia Lebouf starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
I don't know much about him other than he's a basketball player. Do you like him?
Not really a basketball fan. I'm more of a basketball fan. Who's your favorite player?
Yes, they were the runner ups in the 90s. Do you like basketball?
Hush is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Yes it is a series
Yes, it is. It was written by Frank Darabont
You're welcome, enjoy!
You too!
I don't know too much about him, but I do know he is an athlete that plays golf.
I don't know too much about golf but I do know he is a golfer. I know he won the 2010 PGA Championship. He is a very good golfer.
No I haven't, but I know Adam Sandler was in that movie.
The Miami Dolphins are a professional football team based in Miami, Florida. Do you like football?
I don't know much about the US so I don't know much about the US so I don't know much about them. Who is their coach?
I don't know much about their team but I do know they were in the Super Bowl this year.
Yes, he wrote Rayuela
Rayuela was released in 1960 and is in English. It was released in English.
You're welcome.
I think she is a singer like Lady Gaga. Do you like her?
Yes, she was in The Giver. Did you know she also starred in a movie called Science Fiction?
The Giver is a science fiction movie. It was directed by Richelle Mead. Do you like science fiction movies?
Yes, Looking for Alaska is written by John Green and is a young-adult fiction book. Do you like young adult fiction?
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
How about The Fault in Our Stars? It is also written by John Green.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He starred in a lot of movies. He's a great actor. He's also a writer, director and director. He's also a film producer.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it was written by Truman Capote.
I have not, but I will add it to my watch list. Thanks for the information.
Yes, he starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen those?
I'm not sure, but I do know Mandy Moore starred in The Hangover. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure, but Alan Greno also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he was. He also starred in The Princess Diaries. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but I do know that Tom Hanks starred in Larry Crowne.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, it is a great Sci-Fi movie starring Brad Pitt. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
The Goonies is a great Sci-Fi movie. Steven Speilberg also wrote The Goonies. Have you seen it?
E.T. The Extra Extra-Terror and Close Encounters of the Third Kind was released in 2009.
A Beautiful Mind is a romantic comedy starring Christian Bale and Kate Beckinsale. Are you a fan of either?
You're welcome. He's a great actor.
He also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine. You might like that one.
You're welcome.
It is starring Marlon Brando, Marlon Brando, and Marlon Brando, to name a few.
The Scent of a Woman is directed by Francis Ford Coppola and stars Al Pacino.
Yes, he is. He's a great director.
I don't know of any other films he's acted in, but I know he also starred in The Godfather.
Sure! Witless Protection is a thriller and stars Kyla Pratt. It's a great movie.
Sure! If you like Crime genre, you'll like The Last Samurai. It's a great movie.
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is a great one! It also stars Marlon Brando and Michael Chernus.
You're welcome!
Yes, I know she is a singer like Lady Gaga. Do you like her?
She is a singer like Lady Gaga and Taylor Swift.
I don't know of any of her albums, but I do know she is a singer like Taylor Swift
I am not a huge fan of their music but I do like their old music. I am more of a Beatles fan. Do you like them?
I'm not a big fan of their music but I do like their old music. I like some of their music. What's your favorite song from them?
I'm not a big fan of the genre but I do like some of their songs. My favorite is The Muppets
Craig T. Nelson starred in We Bought a Zoo and The Princess Diaries. Have you seen them?
Yes, he was. He also starred in The Princess Diaries. Have you seen it?
I don't know any other movies he was in but I do know he was a writer and director.
Yes, Tyrone Giordano was in The Family Stone. He also starred in a movie called Mystic River.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you she also starred in A Lot of Things.
You're welcome!
Sylvia Plath wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath and Ariel.
Yes, The Journals of Sylvia Plath is a Historical Novel and The Collected Poems was released in 1963.
I don't know about that one, but I do know she wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath.
I think he was the most popular person in the world, but I'm not much of a fan of his music, but I do know he starred in a movie called Valentine's Day. Have you seen it?
I don't know much about that, but I do know he is a singer and a musician.
Yep, it's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he directed Deadpool. Have you seen it?
Deadpool is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I'm not sure who directed it, but I do know it was directed by Frank Darabont.
You're welcome.
He wrote II Principe.
Il Principe is a Thriller and was released in 1513.
It was written by Niccol Machiavelli, who also wrote Il Principe.
It was written by Niccol Machiavelli, who also wrote Il Principe.
Yes, he wrote The Three Musketeers and The Three Musketeers.
I'm not sure, but it was released in 2014.
Yes, it was written in English.
Alice Walker wrote The Temple of My Familiar, The Color Purple and The Color Purple
The Color Purple is a children's literature. Do you like children's literature?
Yes, it is musical, and was released in 1985.
Memento is a Psychological thriller starring Christian Bale and Christian Bale. Do you like thrillers?
Memento has a genre of psychological thriller. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome
I think he's a good soccer player but I don't know much about him. I'm more of a soccer fan.
Real Madrid is a soccer team coached by Fernando Hierro.
I have never heard of them but I do know they are coached by Fernando Hierro.
The Scarlet Letter is written by John Green and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
He wrote The Cider House Rules. Have you read it?
The World According to Garp is a Fiction book.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it was released in 2014.
You're welcome!
Yes, F. Gary Gray starred in The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded.
Princess Mononoke is a great movie. She also starred in The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen it?
Sure. It was written and directed by David Ayer. It also stars Jada Pinkett Smith.
You got it! Enjoy!
Do you like Ocean's Thirteen because it is a Thriller or because it is an action movie?
The Fight Club is a drama and a crime drama. Do you like those types of movies?
I don't know about comedy but I do know it was released in 1998 and is a comedy.
Brad Pitt has starred in The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen either of those?
You're welcome.
It was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr. and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
I'm not sure, but Emily Watson also starred in The Matrix Reloaded. You might enjoy that one as well.
It is a Romantic film based on the book of the same name written by William Steig.
Yes, Harbhajan Singh is an athlete that plays cricket for the Mumbai Indians.
You should watch it. It's a great sport to watch. It is a great sport.
You know, I don't know much about him. I do know he is a Cricket player.
I'm not much of a basketball fan, but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer and Mike Zimmer.
I think he is a good coach but I don't know much about him. Do you like him?
Yes, Holes is written by Louis Sachar. Are you a fan of his work?
He also wrote The Secret Garden and The Little Friend. Have you read any of those?
Yes, Holes is a great book. I think you'd enjoy it.
Yes, he is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. He plays point guard for the Golden State Warriors.
I'm not sure but I do know that he's a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
They are in the NBA as a basketball movie. Do you like basketball?
You're welcome!
Ethan Suplee starred in X-Men 2 and Vulgar. Have you seen those?
Yes, Vulgar is a horror film starring Matt Damon and was released in 2011.
Yes, Vulgar is written and directed by Robert Louis Stevenson. It's a comedy film.
Sure, he is an American actor who starred in the movie The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. He's a great actor who starred in the movie as well.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about soccer, but I know it's a soccer team coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
I don't know much about soccer, but I do like American football. Who is your favorite player?
Yes, it was written by Rick Riordan and is a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
You might enjoy Wizard's First rule or Wizard's First rule. Both are speculative fiction.
It is speculative fiction and fantasy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Nineteen Eighty-Four is written by George R.R. Tolkien. Are you a fan of his work?
It is a children's literature. Do you like children's literature?
I'm not sure if he wrote any fiction novels but I can tell you that George Orwell also wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
I'm not sure about that novel but I can tell you more about it
You're welcome.
The Shadow of the Torturer is a fiction novel.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
I know he is a quarterback for the Carolina Panthers. Do you like him?
I agree! Wes Welker is a great quarterback. He's been around for a long time. Are you a fan?
I like Stephen Gostkowski. He's a great writter. Do you know who he is?
I don't know much about him other than he is a boxer. Do you know him?
I'm not sure, but I do know he's married to Hayden Panettiere.
Yes, he is. He was born in Saginaw.
The Time Machine was written by H.G Wells who also wrote The War of the Worlds.
It was written by Roberto Orci. Are you a fan of his work?
The Time Machine is a Science Fiction
Twilight is written by Stephenie Meyer and he also wrote The Chemist. Have you seen it?
If you like romance, you might also like The Time Traveler's Wife. It's a good one.
Sure, it's a film based on the Twilight series. It stars Steve Buscemi, Steve Buscemi, Steve Buscemi and Steve Buscemi.
Great, both of them are actors in the Sci-Fi genre.
Sure, he starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
The Amazing Spider-Man was written by Andrew Garfield and stars Emma Watson and Andrew Garfield.
Yes, she also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man and also in The Amazing Spider-Man 2.
How to Win Friends and Influence People is a non-fiction book written by Dale carnegie. Similar books are The Power of Thinking Big and The Happiness Project.
How to Win Friends and Influence People is a good one. Have you read that one?
Yes. Stephen Covey also wrote How to Win Friends and Influence People.
You're welcome.
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in The Matrix Reloaded and in The Matrix Reloaded.
Jack Reacher is a Thriller starring Tom Cruise. Do you like thrillers?
Then you might like Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee. It's a thriller.
Shark Night also stars Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee.
Yes, he's a hip hop artist. Do you like hip hop?
Yes, I like him as a musician. He is also a musician. Do you like him?
Sure, he wrote Interscope Records which is a pop song. Do you like that genre?
Do you like Ratatouille because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Have you seen Ratatouille? It's a suspense thriller.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Se7en is a horror movie starring Matt Damon and was released in 2014. Do you like horror films?
You might like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee and David Fincher. It's a crime thriller.
I'm not sure, but it was directed by David Fincher and it was released in 2012.
Great, I'll add it to your list.
It was written by Paula McLain and released in 2011.
No, I haven't, but I can tell you it is in English.
Circling the Sun was released in 2015. I think you'll enjoy it!
Yes, it was written in English and is in English.
Yes, I love her music. My favorite song is What's Your Number. Do you know her?
I like Stronger because she is a great singer, but I also like her sister Serena. Do you know her?
I don't know if she has any other friends with her, but I do know she is a great singer.
Yes, I do like reality television. I am a big fan of hers. I'm a big fan of hers.
I would recommend City of Fallen Angels because it is written by Cassandra Clare.
It was written by Cassandra Clare who also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex.
The Mortal Instruments was written by Cassandra Clare and it is part of a series called The Mortal Instruments. Have you heard of this one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Terry George directed The Sworn Sword. It is a fantasy film. Do you like fantasy genre?
Hotel Rwanda is a drama and a crime drama.
The Other Boleyn Girl is a Thriller, written and directed by Terry George.
The Other Boleyn Girl is considered a Drama.
The Other Boleyn Girl is a history movie. Do you like history movies?
The Other Boleyn Girl is a Thriller and starred in The Other Boleyn Girl.
Sure, Franz Kafka wrote The Castle and The Name of the Wind.
Sure. The Castle is a speculative fiction novel written in English. It was released in 2001.
It's a Historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
He directed Maleficent. Have you seen that one?
Catch Me If You Can was written by Steven Spielberg. He also directed The Goonies. Have you seen that one?
Paula Hawkins wrote The Green Mile and The Half-Blood Prince. Have you read either of those?
I'm not sure but it was directed by Paula Hawkins
You're welcome!
Sure, she wrote The Siren, The Prince, and The Guard. Have you read any of these?
The Siren is a thriller and The Queen is a drama. Do you like thrillers?
I'm not sure, but I do know she is an author who wrote The Siren.
Sure! Modern Prometheus is written by Percy Byrne and is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Modern Prometheus is genre Science Fiction. Do you like that genre?
He also wrote The Last Anniversary and The Last Samurai.
Yes, she also starred in Valentine's Day, which is a romantic comedy.
Yes, I do. It was written by John Green and stars Thomas Lennon. Are you a fan of his work?
Yes, The Fault in Our Stars is written by John Greene and is in the Young-adult fiction genre. Do you like that genre?
I don't know much about him, but I know he is a basketball player from the United States.
Yes he was, he was also a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
Yes, they are a part of the NBA. I am not sure about their profession but I do know they are a basketball team
It was written by James Dashner and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
You're welcome. Have a great day!
No I haven't, but I do know it was adapted into a film.
X-men is a sci-fi starring Hugh Jackman. Do you like sci-fi movies?
The Planet of the Apes stars Jada Pinkett Smith. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, Volcano is a Thriller, starring Kevin Spacey and Kevin Dillane. It is a Thriller.
Moulin Rouge is a Thriller starring James Franco. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, they were. She also starred in The Jungle Book 2. Have you seen it?
Missy Eliot was the lead in Moulin Rouge, which is a horror film.
You're welcome
I know that he's a soccer player from the Portugal national football team, but I don't know much about him.
I am not a big soccer fan. I prefer American Football. What about you?
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I love American football. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite player?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
I hope they have a good chance.
Yes, Alan Rickman is an actor and he starred in The Wolverine. Are you a fan of his?
Do you like Scarface because it's a thriller?
If you liked that one, you might also like The Fault in Our Stars. It's a crime/thriller.
Yes, you are correct! Did you know that Rodney Dangerfield also starred in A League of Extraordinary Gentlemen?
You're welcome, enjoy!
He wrote Little Lord Fauntleroy. Have you read that one?
That was a great movie. Did you know Steve Careel also starred in The Matrix Reloaded?
The Incredible Burt Wonderstone was released in 2007.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Jason Derulo is a singer, songwriter, and song writer. He was born in Los Angeles. Do you like his music?
Yes, I do like his music
I don't know much about her, but I do know she is a singer
What Alice Forgot was written by Liane Moriarty and was released in 2009. Do you like her work?
It was released in 2014. Liane Moriarty also wrote What Alice Forgot. You might like that one.
Ender's Game has a sequel called Speaker for the Dead. Would you like more information about Ender's Game?
Speakers of the Dead is a Speculative fiction. Speaker of the Dead is also Speculative fiction
Waylander was written by Robert Mark Kamen and is a Science Fiction.
You're welcome
Sure, do you like movies starring Aladdin because it is a Thriller?
The Princess and the Frog is directed by James Dashner
You're welcome.
She starred in The Muppets and The Muppets. Have you seen them?
The Edge of Glory was released in 2014 and stars Jennifer Lawrence. Do you want me to add it to your playlist?
Yes, she was in the Muppets too. Have you seen that one?
Coldplay is a great band! Do you like their music?
Do you like Yellow because it's a rom-com?
Yes they were. Amsterdam is a great place to visit.
Sure, he starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and X-Men: First Class.
Yes, he starred in Titan A. E. and Trixie. It's a romantic comedy.
Yes, she is. She also starred in Wreck-It Ralph.
You're welcome.
Kahil Gilbran wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
yes it is. what else can i answer for you?
The Prophet was released 2012. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
Yes, he is a celebrity friend to Tyga and he was married to Cameron Diaz. Do you like him?
Justin Timberlake is a singer, songwriter, and actor. He starred in a lot of movies. Do you like his music?
It is a pop music. Do you like that type of music?
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
I am not sure but Ayn Rand starred in We Are Six. Have you read it?
I don't know what year it came out
I'm glad I could help
Do you like Wolverine because it is a Thriller or because it is starring Tom Cruise?
Rise of the Guardians is a psychological thriller
William Joyce wrote X-Men Origins:Wolverine, World War Z, and World War Z.
You're welcome.
Yes, it was written by James Dashner and stars Scarlett Johansson and Robert Duvall.
Mike Starr starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen those?
If you like drama, you might also like The Last Dragon. It's a movie starring Mike Starr.
It was written by Richelle Mead. Do you like her work?
Shooter was written by Steven Zaillian and starred Scarlett Johansson. Do you like him?
I do not have that information, but it is written by Stephen Hunter.
Yes, he did. The O.C. is a Thriller and was released in 2014.
I hope you like it!
The Godfather was written by Francis Ford Coppola and stars Marlon Brando. Do you like Francis Ford Coppola films?
Then you might also like The Godfather Part II, starring Robert Duvall and is a crime movie.
I do not have information on that one, but it is a crime movie.
Sure. Maleficent stars Seth Rogen and Seth Rogen. Are you a fan of theirs?
Angelina Jolie also starred in The Princess Diaries. Have you seen it?
Yes, Mr and Mrs Smith was in Mr and Mrs Smith. Do you like family movies?
Yes, that was a great movie. Did you know Vince Vaughn starred in The Wedding Crashers?
Yes, he was in that movie as well. It was a comedy-drama.
Yes, he plays for the Germany national football team.
Yes, he plays the position of Midfielder and Forward.
Toni plays for the Germany national football team and plays for the Germany national football team.
Yes, he's a soccer player from the Portugal national football team. He's a forward and forward.
I am not sure, but I know he is a soccer player.
yes, he is. do you know who he is?
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Do you like Fantasy movies?
Yes, he was in Edge of Tomorrow. Do you like Sci Fi movies?
If you like that movie, you might also like The Time Traveler's Wife. It also stars Tom Cruise.
Yes, Bill Murray also starred in The Last Samurai and The Last Samurai.
Great! I'll add it to your queue.
I like 500 Days of Summer because it's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Zooey Deschanel is a comedy-drama. Do you like comedy-drama movies?
If you like murder mystery, you might also like The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen it yet?
Yes, I like Pacifier because it is a comedy. Do you like comedy movies?
Yes, Margaret Stohl wrote Gone Baby Gone which was written by M. Night Shyamalan
She's written a lot of romance novels. Some of her most popular ones are; Where Rainbows End, Where Rainbows End, and Where Rainbows End. Have you read any of those?
I'm not sure about that movie, but Margaret Stohl starred in a movie called Beautiful Darkness. Would you like to know more about that movie?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by George Steinbrenner.
I'm not sure where he's from. But I do know that George Steinbrenner is from the United States.
Yes, it was written by Jonathan Kellerman. Do you like thrillers?
I don't know who produced it, but I do know it was written by Michael Pavone
I don't know what else he produced, but he was also in The Wedding Belles.
I am not sure but I do know it is a thriller.
It is a comedy. Do you like comedy?
Yes Bruce Dern also starred in The Matrix Revisited.
Yes, that was a great movie. It was written by Richelle Mead. Are you a fan of her work?
Yes, he did and Robin Williams starred in it as well.
Yes, The People Speak is a romantic comedy and The People Speak is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by M Denise Debartolo York and John York.
Yes, he is a great player. I like the New York Giants. Do you have a favorite team?
I'm not a huge fan of the Steelers but I do like the Seahawks.
Do you like books written by Colleen McCullough?
The Women of Brewster Place is written by William Shakespeare.
The Women of Brewster Place is starring Gloria Naylor and Gloria Naylor.
I don't know any other information about Oprah Winfrey. However, I do know she starred in The Women of Brewster Place.
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
Dark Lover is a speculative fiction book written by J.R. Ward. It was released in 2005.
Yes, Tyrannosaur Canyon was released in 2005 and it is considered a speculative fiction.
The Mist is a great Thriller and The Maze Runner was written by James Dashner. You might also like Zoe's Tale.
Then you might also like Zoe's Tale and Xenocide. Both are great sci-fi novels.
Certainly! I hope you enjoy it!
Shelley Duvall starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and In Her Shoes. Have you seen any of those?
It's a great horror film. It was directed by David Ayer.
I'm sorry, I don't have access to that information right now.
You're welcome.
Sure, Oliver Hirschiegel starred in The Invasion and Downfall
The Invasion is starring Robert Duvall and Michael Caine. Are you a fan of thrillers?
I don't know anything else she's been in but I do know she also starred in Princess Protection Program.
You're welcome!
I know he's a basketball player, but I don't know much about him. Is he a point guard for the Miami Heat?
Cadillac Records is a romantic comedy starring Dwyane Wade. Do you like romantic comedies?
Lady Gaga is a very talented actress. She starred in The Muppets and The Muppets. Have you seen them?
No, I haven't, but I will add it to my watch list. Thanks for the info!
Will Smith also starred in The Muppets. You should definitely check it out!
Martin Gardner wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer, and The Portable Atheist: Essential Reading for the Non-believer.
It was written in English and released in 2012. It's a fiction book.
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland was written by Robert Mark Kamen. He's a great author.
You're welcome!
The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers was written by J.R.R Tolkien and stars Orlando Bloom. Do you like Fantasy movies?
Orlando Bloom starred in Troy, Troy, Troy, and Troy. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, he also starred in The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded.
You're welcome
Yes, I like Sylvia Plath. She wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath.
He's a great golfer from Murrieta. Do you like him?
I like Adam Sandler in that movie. It's a great family movie.
That was a great movie. Did you know Harold Ramis was also a writer?
Yes, he directed The Rules of Attraction and The Rules of Attraction. Have you seen them?
The Butterfly Effect is a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
Now You See Me is a movie starring Matt Damon and was released in 2012. Do you like movies starring Matt Damon?
The Pelican Brief is a horror film directed by Rian Johnson. Do you like horror films?
The Pelican Brief is a Crime/action film directed by Alan Pakula. It is also a film that was released in 2012.
Do you like Juno because it is a Thriller or because it is a thriller?
Young Adult films you may enjoy are; Wicked Lovely, Wildwood Dancing, and When You Reach Me. Have you seen any of those?
The Perks of Being a Wallflower is a comedy and a drama. Do you like that genre?
The Perks of Being a Wallflower is a comedy drama and stars Bradley Cooper as a voice actor.
Bradley Cooper starred in Young Adult Films. You might also like The Manchurian Candidate, which is a comedy.
I'm not sure, but John Maldov also starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which is comedy
Yes, M.L Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans and The Half-Blood Prince. Have you read any of these?
Yes, it was. It was directed by Roland Emmerich and released in 2012.
I do not have any more information about the movie, but I can tell you it was written by M.L Stedman.
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She also wrote Pride and Prejudice.
Lullaby was written by Jane Austen.
He also wrote Lord of War and Lord of War.
Yes, I do, it is a great movie starring Matt Damon and is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The O.C is a Thriller and was directed by Roland Emmerich. Do you like Thrillers?
Peter Gallagher also starred in The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded.
He also starred in The Girl Next Door and The Girl Next Door
Rocky is a Thriller and was written by Sylvester Stallone. Do you like Horror movies?
You might like the movie X-Men Origins:Wolverine. It's a Thriller.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it was released in 2014.
You're welcome.
Do you like Water for Elephants because it is written by Sara Gruen or because it is a romance film?
Great. You might also like X-Men Origins:Wolverine. It's a historical period drama.
The Age of Innocence was released in 1980 and is a Thriller.
You're welcome.
I didn't know he's a basketball player, but I know he is from Oklahoma City. Do you like basketball?
I'm more of a basketball fan. What about you do you like to watch?
What's your favorite sport?
Yeah, he's a great basketball player. Who's your favorite player?
Sure, it was written by Mark Haddon and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time is written by Mark Haddon and has genre Science Fiction. Do you like Science Fiction?
Do you like the movie because it is a drama or a crime movie?
Yes, it is also a drama and a crime movie. Do you like that genre?
Apocalypse Now is a great movie. Apocalypse Now is a great movie. Apocalypse Now is a great movie. Apocalypse Now is a sequel.
Apocalypse Now is a great movie. Apocalypse Now is a great movie.
Yes, I do. She starred in The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded. Do you like her movies?
Do you like movies starring Kate Winslet? She also starred in A Bug's Life.
I don't know of any other movies by him, but I do know that he starred in The Matrix Reloaded
Private Benjamin is a Parody
You're welcome.
Yes, Meg Cabot wrote The King's Speech and The One Plus One. Have you read them?
It is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
I don't know any other books by her. But, I do know she was born in London.
You're welcome.
Do you like Insomnia because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
It's a great movie. It was written and directed by David Ayer. Do you like his work?
It was released in 2014. I'm not sure if it came out.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Craig Ferguson starred in Winnie the Pooh and The Muppets. Have you seen them?
Yes, he starred in Winnie the Pooh and also in How to Train Your Dragon 2. Have you seen those?
It was released in 2011.
Yes, I know that Simona Halep is a Romanian professional tennis player from Romania.
I don't know much about tennis but I know she is from Romania.
Yes Victoria Azarenka is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by M Denise Debartolo York and John York.
Yea, he's had a good day. I'm not a huge fan of his, but I heard they are in the NFC South division.
Yea, that is a book. The title is a mystery, and a biography.
127 Hours is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
127 Hours was directed by James Franco. He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure if he is in a rom-com, but if you like James Franco, you might also like The Avengers.
Yes, it's a great movie. It was written by Vince Flynn and stars Tom Hardy. Do you like Tom Hardy?
I am not sure, but I do know it is a drama.
You're welcome.
Yes, Virat Kohli is an Indian international cricketer. Do you like cricket?
I don't know too much about soccer, but I know Virat is a cricket player.
I don't know much about cricket, but I know Virat is an athlete who plays cricket
The Chronicles of Narnia is written by C.S. Lewis and is in the Fantasy genre. Do you like Fantasy books?
Sure, he wrote The Voyage of the Dawn Treader and The Silver Chair. Have you read any of those?
I'm not sure, but I do know it was released in the same year as The Chronicles of Narnia
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and The Girl Who Stood Up for Education.
There is a similar book called The Lord of the Rings that was also written by J.M. Barrie
I do not know any other examples, but I do know that The Story of the Doctor Dolittle was adapted into a film.
The Sea Wolf is a fantasy novel. You might also like The Sea Wolf.
Sure! The Sea Wolf is a young-adult fiction novel written by William Steig.
Yes, The Sea Wolf was written by William Peter Blatty.
He wrote рат овести and ес.
Eecbl also wrote The Lord of the Rings, which was released in English.
I'm not sure but Eecbl was released in English.
The Cabin in the Woods is written by Jonathan Nolan. Would you like me to send it to you?
The Cabin in the Woods was written by Kristen Connolly and released in 2012
Yes that movie is starring Ty Olsson and is a thriller.
Great, I'll add it to your list.
Do you like it because it is a superhero movie or because it is a superhero movie?
I'm not sure about Superhero movies but Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice is a Superhero movie
Sure, he directed X-Men Origins:Wolverine and X-Men: First Class
Armageddon is a Sci-Fi movie also starring Ben Affleck and Owen Wilson
2006 was also the year that released You Are Not So Smart.
The Blind Side is a great Thriller. It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, I would recommend World Without End. It's a Biographical film.
It is a biographical film starring Sean Penn and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Venus Williams is an American professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 40 in the WTA singles rankings.
No, I am not a big fan but I do enjoy watching Serena play.
Venus has a sister named Serena, who is also a tennis player.
Yes, it is a great movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
No, I haven't seen either of those, but I do know it was directed by Tom Hanks.
Yes, Scarlett Johansson also starred in We Bought a Zoo which is a romantic comedy.
I do! It's a mystery movie. Do you like Hugh Jackman?
It was directed by Rian Johnson. Do you like his movies?
It's a great movie. It was written and directed by David Ayer. Do you like his work?
I'm not sure but it is a horror movie.
I have not seen Superman Returns, but I know it is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
it is a Thriller. do you like Thriller?
yea hes in a lot of movies. do you like any other action movies?
Tom Hanks is also in You've Got Mail. Do you like him?
you should. It's a great movie.
you're welcome
The Deception Point is a thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like thrillers?
yes Techno-thriller has examples: Reamde. what else can i answer for you?
what else can i answer for you?
Do you like Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog because it is a comedy?
It is based on the book and it was made into a film. Enjoy!
The Wide Window is a Drama and Thriller. Would you like to know more about the movie?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, you are correct. It was written by Daniel Handle.
You're welcome.
You're welcome. Have a good day!
Yes, Outlander is a science fiction book written by James Dashner. Do you like science fiction books?
Yes, Diana Gabaldon wrote The Planet of the Apes and The Echoes of Diana Gabaldon.
Yes, Diana Gabaldon wrote My Own Heart's Blood.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you more about the series.
I think he's a good soccer player, but I don't know much about him. What about you?
Not really. I'm more of a American Football fan. What about you do you know about him?
I'm not sure but I do know that Ryan Gosling is a midfielder.
Roland Emmerich directed The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Have you seen those?
It's considered a sci-fi and action film. Do you like those types of movies?
I don't know where Adam Baldwin starred, but I do know he also starred in Wrath of the Titans.
Wyatt Earp was directed by Roland Emmerich.
I think she's a great singer, but I'm not a big fan of her music. What about you?
I like a lot of people like Selena Gomez. I'm a big fan of hers.
I like him too. My favorite song is X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
The New York Jets is a professional American football team based in Chicago, Illinois. Do you like football?
I don't know much about them, I am more of a football fan. Who is their coach?
I don't know much about football but I do know that the New York Jets are owned by Michael Bay.
Yes, he wrote Snatch which is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller?
It's a horror movie starring Robert Downey Jr. and Kate Beckinsale. Do you like horror movies?
I don't know what year it was released, but I do know it was directed by David Ayer.
Sure, I'll add that right now.
Yes, it is a speculative fiction written by Roland Emmerich. Are you a fan of that genre?
Yeah, I am a big fan of their music. I am more of a rock person. What about you do you like?
I haven't heard of that one, but I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the info!
Stefan Kapicic starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Ryan Reynolds starred in The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen it?
Eminem is a rapper. He starred in The Wash and The Wash. Have you seen those?
Yes, he is. I think he is a friend with Timbaland and Snoop Dogg.
Yes, he did. It's a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome!
Sure, Shelley Duvall starred in The Last Samurai and The Last Samurai. Have you seen those?
Time Bandits is a Thriller and was released in 2003. It is a Thriller/Drama.
It is a comedy/drama that was released in 2002. It is a comedy/drama film.
She was also in the movie Avatar. Have you seen that one?
Donna Tartt wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read them?
It's Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
She wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read them?
Yes, it's a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
Sure, he starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
I don't know much about it, but if you like action movies, you might also like Battleship. It's a war film.
Yes, Dwayne Johnson starred in that one. It's a crime drama.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he is a cricket player. He plays point guard for the Mumbai Indians.
Not really. I'm more of a cricket fan. I'm more of a cricket fan. What about you?
Yes, he's a good player. He's from India and plays for the New England Patriots.
I'm not a huge fan of the commercials. But I do like the commercials. Who's your favorite team?
Lea Thompson starred in The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded, and The Matrix Reloaded.
Yes, she was in that movie as well. It is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that movie. Can I help you with anything else?
I'll add it to your watch list.
Audrey Niffenegger wrote The Time Traveler's Wife and The Time Traveler's Wife.
Time Traveler's Wife is a Romance Film. Do you like romance films?
Stanlee was written by Steven Spielberg. He is a great writer.
Sure, Jorja Fox starred in a lot of action movies. Would you like to know more about her movies?
Memento is written by Christopher Nolan. He also starred in the movie Apocalypse Now.
Yes, he wrote The Dark Knight Rises and The Dark Knight Rises.
Added to your watch list.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Bill Bidwill.
I like the New England Patriots. Who's your favorite team?
They were the runner ups in Super Bowl XLIII. What's your favorite team?
I don't know too much about this season but I do know they are coached by Gary Kubiak.
Yes, he wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
Yes, that is a great one. You might also like Notre-Dame by Eli Roth.
I'm not sure, but Victor Hugo also wrote Notre Dame. You might like that one.
Do you like Deadpool because it's a superhero movie?
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy is written by Douglas Adams, who also starred in Unleashed.
Deadpool was released in 2012. It's a Thriller/Drama.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know too much about him, but I know he is a football player. Are you a fan?
I like American Football. I'm more of a football fan. What about you?
Wow, I'll have to check that out. Thanks for the info!
I think she's a good actress. She starred in the movie Spring Breakers. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was in Men in Black 3. He was also in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
No, I haven't, but I will add it to my watch list. Enjoy!
Step Brothers stars Seth Rogen and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I agree, John C. Reilly is a great actor. He also starred in The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen it?
I don't know when it was released, but if you like comedy, you should definitely check out Zoolander. It was written by John C.Reilly.
Sure, The Tragedy of Macbeth was written by William Shakespeare in 1606 and was released in 1606.
The Tragedy of King Richard the Third is written by William Shakespeare.
The Tragedy of King Richard the Third is a historical novel.
Yes, he is. He also wrote Romeo and Juliet.
Sure, Tom Hooper directed The King's Speech, The King's Speech, and The King's Speech.
The Kings Speech is a Thriller and a drama starring Tom Hooper. Do you like that genre?
The Zero Effect was released in 2012.
The Denver Broncos are a professional football team based in Chicago, Illinois
Yeah, he was a defensive back too. I'm more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan.
That's right, I didn't know that. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan.
Yes, I can tell you that Nicolas Cage starred in it and also in Face/Off.
Yes, I love her music. She's a great singer. Did you know she is also a singer?
I don't know who else was in it, but I know she is a great actress as well.
You should. Liam Neeson also starred in The Princess Diaries. It's a great movie.
Yes, he is a singer, songwriter, and musician. He was born in London.
He is a singer and a musician. Do you like any other type of music?
I'll listen to R&B, then listen to it.
Yes, it was written by George R.R. Martin and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he was. He also starred in The Rum Diary.
Yes, I have seen it. It is a great movie. I also like The Rum Diary.
Cool, enjoy the movie!
It was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Have you read Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince? That is a great read.
Do you like Juraise because it is a Thriller or because it is a Mystery?
You might like the movie X-Men Origins:Wolverine, or X-Men: First Class
Yes, he is in X-Men Origins: Wolverine and he also starred in Starship Troopers
I don't know, but if you like X-Men you might like The Last Samurai or The Last Samurai
Some other adventure movies you might like are; The Time Traveler's Wife and The Last Samurai
Yes, he starred in The Last Samurai and The Last Samurai
Dave McKean wrote Wizard and Glass and The Graveyard Book. Have you read them?
Yes, it was cowritten by Stephen King.
The Stand is a great book. It was written by Stephen King. It's a horror novel.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Forrest Gump is written by Winston Groom and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Lovie Smith.
I am not a big football fan but i like the Dallas Cowboys
i don't know much about him
I am not sure, but they are having a good season
I don't know too much about her, but I do know she is a singer like Selena Gomez. Do you know her?
Yes, she has starred in a lot of movies. She has been in a lot of movies. She's been in a lot of movies. Do you like her movies?
Do you like Liam Neeson because Liam Neeson is a singer?
Yes, I do. He's a great singer and song writer. Have you heard of him?
yes he was. do you like his music?
i love her. what is your fav song from her?
Charlotte Bront wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. Have you read that one?
It's a great book. It was released in 1717. It's considered a classic.
Great, I'll add it to your read list.
The Comte de Monte-Cristo was written by Robin Buss and released in 1844. Have you read it?
Robin Buss also wrote The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you read that one yet?
It was written by Robin Buss and it was released in 1867.
It was written by St. John Mandel and was released in 2014. Are you a fan of his work?
Sure, she also wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants and The Little Friend.
It's a drama. Do you like drama?
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Rick Yancey. Do you like his work?
Yes, I like The Last Star and The Infinite Sea. Are you a fan of thrillers?
Yes, Robert Graves wrote The Last Star and The Infinite Sea. Have you read either of those?
Robert Jackson also wrote The Sum of All Fears and The Sum of All Fears
It was written by Robert Jackson. He also wrote Time (Drama)
It was released in 1595
The Notebook was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Nicholas Sparks movies?
I'm not sure if they have a historical feel to them, but I can recommend The Notebook. Have you seen it?
Yea, it's a great movie. It was written by Sara Gruen and starred Scarlett Johansson and Robert Pattinson.
Of course, enjoy!
Yes, that is a good one. It was written by Jamie Ford and is a Fantasy. Do you like Fantasy?
Yes, he did. It was released in 2005.
I believe it is somewhere in the United States of America.
That is correct. Chamber of Secrets and Chamber of Secrets are in the United States of America
Batman Begins starred in The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded.
Have you seen The Civil War? It's a romantic comedy.
I'm not sure, but I can recommend other movies starring Morgan Freeman.
It's a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy X-Men Origins:Wolverine.
You might also enjoy The Pillars of the Earth or The Sea of Monsters.
Margaret R. Higonnet wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented and others.
Yes, he did write the book and it was released in 1891.
He wrote a book called Into the Wild which was released in 1891. Would you like to read it?
Robert Galbraith wrote both The Silkworm and The Silkworm.
She also wrote The Silkworm and The Cuckoo's Calling
You're welcome.
It was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets. Have you read it?
it is young adult fiction
There's Welcome to the Monkey House and The Time Traveler's Wife
they are thriller novels
your welcome
The Catcher in the Rye is written by J.D. Salinger. He also wrote J.D. Salinger.
Yes, it was written by William Shakespeare.
I don't know any other books by him, but I do know he is a writer
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you seen it?
He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
I don't know, but he also starred in The Lord of the Rings. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy those movies.
Great, I'll add that one to your watch list.
I agree, Damian Lillard is a point guard for the Portland Trailblazers. Do you like him?
I'm more of a basketball fan. What about you do you like to watch?
He is a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers.
The Catcher in the Rye is written by J.D. Salinger. He also wrote J.D. Salinger.
I don't know any other examples. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I know they're a Korean boy band from Seoul, but I don't know much about them. Do you like their music?
I don't know a whole lot about pop genre. I don't know what type of music do you like. Are you a fan of Pop?
Pink is a great pop artist. I'm a big fan of hers. Do you like her music?
The Poisonwood Bible is a fantasy novel written by John Green
The Poisonwood Bible was released in 1958.
I would recommend World Without End, another historical novel written by Barbara Kingsolver that you might enjoy.
If you like historical fiction, you'll like The Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Looper is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Thrillers?
yes he is. what else can i answer for you?
have a good day
A Beautiful Mind was written by Margaret Stohl and stars Christian Bale. Do you like Romantic comedies?
Sure, he also directed The Man in the High Castle and The Man in the High Castle.
You're welcome.
The Devil in the White City: Murder in the White City: Murder in the White City: Murder in the White City: Murder in the White City: Murder in the White City: Murder in the White City: Murder in the White City: Murder in the White City: Murder in the White City: Murder in the White City: Murder in the White House and Madness at the Fair that Changed America is written by Tony Gilroy
Tony Goldwyn also wrote The Man in the White City: Murder in the White City: Murder in the White City: Murder, Magic and Madness at the Fair that Changed America.
Someone Like You is a romantic comedy
You're welcome
Catcher in the Rye is a Thriller and was written by J.D. Salinger. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he wrote Nine Stories and Nine Stories. Have you read them?
You're welcome.
I don't know much about him, but I know he is a soccer player for the Argentina national football team.
It was released in 2004. Do you like it because it is a thriller?
I don't have that information, but Afraid of Virginia Woolf starred in The Windhunter's Tale.
I don't know what Drama movies are in, but Afraid of Orange was also released in 1962.
Sure, Fiona Stafford wrote Emma which is a horror novel. Are you interested in horror?
Philippa Gregory wrote Wideacre, The White Queen, The White Queen and The White Princess. Have you read any of these?
It is speculative fiction. Do you like that kind of book?
Yes, The White Queen is more of a historical fiction genre
You're welcome
Yes, Arsenal is a sports team. It is a sports team.
I'm not sure, but I do know they're coached by Mike Shanahan.
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you have a favorite team?
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
I Know This Much Is True is a Fiction novel written by Charles Dickens. Do you know this one?
Then you might also like The Chronicles of Riddick and the Prisoner of Azkaban
You are welcome
The Miami Dolphins are a professional football team based in Miami, Florida. Do you like football?
I do. I am a Packers fan as well. My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks.
I'm a Packers fan. My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks. What's yours?
Do you like the movie because it's a thriller?
It's a great movie. It was directed by David Ayer, who also directed and produced by Steven Spielberg. Have you seen it?
It was released in 2001 and also starred Robert Downey Jr...
You're welcome.
Yes, I think she is a great singer and also a singer. She has a wonderful voice. She's also been around for a long time.
Yes, Victoria Justice is a great sitcom as well as a children's song. Do you like childrens songs?
I'm not sure but I can tell you she is a great actress. She also starred in the Children's Comedy
I agree. She also starred in a movie called Little Liars.
Yes, Downfall is written by Norton Juster. It was released in 2000.
Windtalkers is a war film and he also starred in Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that one?
I'll add it now. Enjoy!
It's a suspense thriller. Do you like suspense?
Sure, you might like The Fault in Our Stars or The Sea of Monsters. They are both Fiction novels.
I'll add that one to your list. Enjoy!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Big Hero 6 is speculative fiction and science fiction. Do you like these genres?
Yes, Wreck It Ralphand Wall E is a Sci-Fi movie.
Yes, he was in Despicable Me. Have you seen it?
Mindy Kaling was the executive producer on Wreck it Ralph. He also starred in X-Men Origins:Wreck It Ralph
You're welcome!
The Miami Dolphins is a professional football team based in Miami, Florida.
I don't know much about them. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. What do you think about them?
Tony Romo is a good guy. He's from the United States of America and starred in The Sorcers Apprentice.
Yes, Wes Anderson wrote Wes Anderson. He also starred in Water for Elephants. Have you seen it?
Owen Wilson starred in The Royal Tenenbaums. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure, but I do know he is also a voice actor as well.
Justin Rose is a professional golfer from London. Do you like golf?
I don't know much about him. I don't know much about him other than he's a golfer.
I don't know if he's a professional golfer from England.
Virginia Woolf wrote The Waves, The Waves, and The Waves.
Yes, she is. She wrote The Lord of the Rings and The Lord of the Rings. Do you like fiction books?
To The Lighthouse was released in 1817. It's considered a novel.
Sure! Have a good day!
Yes, he is a basketball player who plays point guard for the Denver Nuggets. Do you like basketball?
He's on the New Orleans Pelicans. I don't know much about him.
Not really a basketball fan. I am more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Sure, Shelly Duvall starred in The Last Samurai and The Last Samurai. Have you seen those?
It is considered a comedy and a comedy. Do you like comedies?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Michael Mann directed and starred in Water for Elephants. Have you seen that one?
I don't know if he directed anything else, but Shawn Hatosy also starred in The Maze Runner.
Collateral is considered a thriller and a crime drama.
Me too! She was born in Lyon, Frances Mayes wrote The Princess Diaries. Have you read it?
She also wrote Under the Tuscan Sun, which was made into a movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I do. Did you know she starred in a few movies like Valentine's Day?
I haven't listen to her music so I'm not sure what else she has done
Oh wow, that is a great movie. She also starred in Valentine's Day
The Pittsburgh Steelers are a professional American football team based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Do you like football?
I don't know much about Roethlisberger, but I do know that Tomlin is an athlete who plays football.
He wrote Shadowland and Night Star. Have you read Evermore?
She also wrote Shadowland, which is a fantasy novel.
I'm not sure, but Evermore is more of a thriller or Fantasy genre.
You're welcome.
Yes, James Rodrguez is an American professional football player who plays point guard for the Colombia National Football team.
Yes he plays for the Columbia national football team. Do you like American football?
I don't know much about Radamel Falcao, but I know he plays for the Colombia national football team.
Yes, Dead Poets Society is written by Charlaine Harris and stars Rita Wilson. Do you like her movies?
Dead Poets Society is a Thriller.
Yes, Dead Poets Society is written by Tom Schulman. He also wrote The Subterraneans which is a drama.
I'm not sure, but it's more of a thriller.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, John Tiffany is an American author who wrote The Twilight Series. Are you a fan of his?
Yes, J.K. Rowling is the author of both Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince and the Half-Blood Prince.
Yes, it was a film based on a book called a book and a movie based on the book.
Sure! Milan Kundera wrote Romeo and Juliet, have you read that one yet?
I'm not sure but Smne Lásky was also a film producer.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Matthew McConaughey. Matthew McConaughey starred in The Bourne Identity. do you like his work?
The Bourne Identity-The Story is a Thriller and a thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like thrillers?
The Bourne Identity-The Bourne Identity-The Bourne Identity-The Bourne Identity-The Bourne Identity-The Bourne Identity-The Bourne Identity-The Bourne Identity-The Bourne Identity-The Bourne Identity-The Bourne Identity-The Bourne Identity-The Bourne Identity-The Bourne Identity-The Bourne Identity-The Bourne Identity-The Bourne Identity-The Bourne Identity-The Bourne Identity-Drama is Thriller and The Bourne Identity-
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit, Seabiscuit, and Seabiscuit. Have you read any of these?
Laura Hillenbrand also wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit. It was released in 2000.
Yes, he directed Walk Two Moons and Walk Two Moons to name a few.
Yes, she was in that movie. Do you like Sci Fi movies?
Yes, it won the MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year Award for Video of the Year Award.
If you like Romance films, you might also like The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. It's a great one!
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
Yes, To Kill a Mockingbird is a novel written by Harper Lee and is in the fiction genre.
Great, I will add to my read list. I am going to add to my read list.
Jason Cope starred in The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded, and The Matrix Reloaded.
Spud is a fantasy drama
Yes, he also stars in the movie The Matrix Reloaded
Kevin Corrigan also stars in Spud
Irwin kershner directed The Return of a Man Called Horse and The Last Samurai.
The Return of a Man Called Horse is a Man Called Horse and The Last Tempest of Christ was released in 2012.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Rob Riggle starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys.
I don't know who else stars in The Other Guys, but I do know that Rob Riggle also starred in The Hangover.
The Other Guys was released in 2005 and Rosie Perez also starred in Tumbleweed which is a comedy
You're welcome
Sure! Morgan Freeman starred in The Republic of Love and The Thin Red Line. Have you seen those?
That was a good movie. It was directed by Frank Darabont, who also directed The Majestic.
Yes, he is. He also starred in The Green Mile. Have you seen it?
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
Blood Diamond is a Thriller starring Katharine McPhee. Are you a fan of hers?
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in The Matrix Reloaded and in The Matrix Reloaded.
Did you know that Leonardo DiCaprio starred in The Aviator? It is a biographical film.
That is a great movie! It was written and directed by Christopher Nolan, who also directed The Prestige.
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Dark Knight Rises.
You're welcome, enjoy!
50/50 is in the Comedy/drama genre. Would you like to hear about other movies in the same genre?
Well, 50/50 was starred in the movie, 50/50. Another actor in that movie is Ernest Hemingway. Have you seen it?
Yes, Vanessa Fertilio starred in The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
You're welcome.
Yes, they are a basketball team. Do you like basketball?
Yes, they are. The Washington Wizards is a basketball team.
I have not, but I can tell you Stephen Dorff starred in Nanking.
Laura Ingalls Wilder is a great author. She's written many great books. Have you read any of her books?
These Happy Golden Years was written by Laura Ingalls Wilder and it was released in 1985.
If you like historical fiction, you might also like The Time Traveler's Wife.
Sure. Ordered in 1953, I'll send it right over.
Sure, he wrote Thunderstruck. Have you read that one?
Have you read The Passage? It's a drama.
Sure! If you like drama, you might also enjoy The Crucible. It's a great book.
Afraid of Desire is a play written by James Dashner. It's a Thriller.
It was written by Dave Pelzer and released in 1988.
It was written by Dave Pelzer and released in 1988.
Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier, The Pacifier, and The Pacifier.
Yes, Jim Belushi also starred in The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded.
The Pacifier was released in 2003 and is a comedy-drama.
You're welcome!
The Devil Wears Prada is a Romance film. Do you like Romance films?
The Devil Wears Prada is starring Anne Hathaway and Anne Hathaway
X-Men: Days of Future Past is a Romance Film
Directed by Lauren Oliver, who also wrote The Devil Wears Prada
I am not sure but it is a Romance Film
You're welcome
Sure. She starred in The Matrix Revisited and The Matrix Revisited.
James Rodrguez is an American professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Chelsea and the Colombia national football team.
Yes, they are one of the best teams in the world.
I'm not sure, but I do know that he's a Midfielder.
I'm not sure who acted in that movie, but I do know that Radamel Falcao is from Columbia.
Yes, it is a great movie. It was written by Christopher Nolan and stars Seth Rogen. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
As Good as It Gets is a Thriller starring Matt Damon and was released in 2012. Do you like Thrillers?
Terms of Endearment is a comedy-drama starring Matt Damon and was released in 2012.
It was released in 2004 and is a drama/mystery.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver. Do you like football?
I don't know much about Tyron Brackenridge, but I know Tyron Brackenridge owns the team.
Who owns the team? I don't know much about them.
Yes, she plays professional badminton and a professional badminton player as well.
Yes, she did. That was a great place to visit. Did you know she was from India?
I'm more of a tennis fan. What about you do you like?
He's from London. He's a basketball player.
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote Two By Two, The Notebook and The Notebook
It was released in the English language.
I am not sure about his contributions, but I do know he is an author as well.
Yes, he was.
Tony Hendra starred in No Strings Attached. He's a comedian as well.
You're welcome!
Pulp Fiction was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
I'm not sure there is a sequel to Kill Bill, but Pulp Fiction is a horror film.
Yes, Uma Thurman is in Kill Bill. She's a great actress.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Sin City was a great movie. Did you know Sin City starred in The Jungle Book?
Sin City is a crime drama. Do you like crime drama?
It was directed by Robert Rodriguez, who also starred in The Shawshank Redemption.
No, I'm sorry I couldn't find more information.
Sure, it was written by Khaled Hosseini and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes, it was a movie starring Khaled Hosseini.
I'm not sure, but it is a romance/drama film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Christina Lamb is a Romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban
Yes, he directed and produced The Alchemist.
Sure, J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and The Fault in Our Stars. Have you read them?
Peter Pan is a suspense thriller.
Yes, The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
The Great Gatsby was released in 1922 and is a drama.
I don't know any other drama books, but I do know it was released in 1925. It is a drama.
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is written by Jonathan Kellerman.
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button was released in 1925. Would you like to read it?
Yes, it's a great movie! It's a great Thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you want to see it?
Jane Eyre is a speculative fiction book written by William Shakespeare. Do you like that genre?
She also wrote The House of Seven Gables which was released in 1847. Have you read it?
I'm not sure, but it was released in 1847 and is in the Fiction genre.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Sarah Dessen also wrote What Happened to Good People, which is also a Young-adult fiction.
This Lullaby is a Young-adult fiction.
He wrote The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and The Amazing Spider Man 2. Have you read those?
Yes, he did. Steve Kloves also wrote The Amazing Spider-Man.
Steve Kloves also starred in Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince. Are you a fan of his work?
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
I think he's a good singer, but I don't know much about him. Do you like him?
AB de Villiers played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
No, I am not a cricket fan. I am more of a baseball fan. what about you?
Baz Luhrmann directed The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby. Have you seen them?
Baz Luhrmann also starred in Wreck-It Ralph
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Yes, it was written by Meg Cabot. It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
The Princess Diaries is one of my favorite Disney movies. It's a Comedy-drama.
The Princess and the Frog is an amazing movie. It was written and directed by Walt Disney Pictures.
Yes, that is a good one. It was written by Rick Riordan and is a comedy-drama.
The Call of the Wild is written by Jack London. It's a speculative fiction novel.
You might enjoy The Time Traveler's Wife or The Time Traveler's Wife
To Build a Fire is a great book. It was released in 1851 and is in the genre of historical fiction.
I have not, but I know it was written by Jamie McGuire and released in 2011.
Yes, that was a great book. It was written in English and released in 2011. I highly recommend it.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome.
Jennifer Lawrence starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and X-Men: First Class. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, Robert De Niro was in Silver Linings Playbook
Meet the Parents is a comedy and a comedy.
You're welcome
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Bill Bidwill.
I am not a big football fan but I do know they are owned by Bill Bidwell.
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know they are owned by Bill Bidwell.
Beloved was written by Toni Morrison. He also wrote Where the Wild Things Are. Have you read that one?
If you like historical fiction, you might also like The House of Seven Gables or The House of Seven Gables.
I'm not sure, but it's a great movie. It's also a psychological thriller.
I think she is a very talented singer, but I don't know much about her music. I do like her older songs, but I do like her older songs. Do you?
I am not sure but I do know that Liam Hensworth is a singer and a musician.
I like Nicolas Sparks too. Did you know that Nicolas Sparks acted in The Last Song?
The Lucky One is written by Nicholas Sparks and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
They were both written by Nicholas Sparks. Nicholas Sparks also wrote The Wedding Crashers.
The Notebook was made into a movie. It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
Sure, Jean-Marc Vallée starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure, but Jean-Marc Vallée starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine.
Yes, it is. It's about a woman who meets a woman and falls into a family.
I'm not sure who starred in it, but it's a drama.
Well, if you like Emily Blunt, you should check out her. She's a great actress.
I'm not sure but I can tell you she starred in The Princess and the Frog.
I'll send it now.
Fast and the Furious was written by Gary Scott Thompson and stars Vin Diesel. Do you like Vin Diesel movies?
There is one Fast and the Furious movie called Fast and the Furious and other is Fast and the Furious 2.
The Fast and the Furious is starring Vin Diesel, who also starred in The Big Lebowski
You're welcome
Do you like World War Z because it's a war movie?
Zombie is a Thriller similar to World War Z. Have you seen The Last Samurai?
Yes, it is a great movie. It was written by Frank Darabont. Do you like his work?
Yes, he also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine.
Sure, he also starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class.
You're welcome.
Cat's Cradle is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr. and is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I'm sorry, I don't know more information about Cat's Cradle.
I'm not sure but I can tell you more about Cat's Cradle.
You too!
I think he is a basketball player, but I don't know much about him.
I don't know much about basketball. I know he's a basketball player. He's a basketball player.
I don't know much about basketball, but I know he's a basketball player.
Yes, he is a great singer. I like his song Whenever, Wherever is one of my favorites.
I don't know any other writers but I do know Sam Smith is a singer. Do you like him?
yes i do you know who she is ?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Steve Kerr. Do you like them?
I didn't know that, but I do know that The Madison Square Garden Company owns the Madison Square Garden Company.
I don't know much about basketball, I am more of a baseball fan. Who is your favorite player?
Yes, he wrote American Pie and The Golden Compass. Have you seen those?
It's a great movie. It also starred Chris Weitz. Do you like his acting?
Yes, it is. It's a Comedy-drama.
Do you like it because it's a crime fiction movie?
I have not seen it. I'm more of a Crime Fiction fan.
I like him as an actor. I'm more of a baseball fan. He's a pretty good actor.
I'm not sure about that one, but I know he's in a lot of movies. You should check him out.
I don't know much about them, I know they are owned by Wayne Weaver. Are you a fan of them?
They were the runner ups in Super Bowl XLVIII and Super Bowl XLI.
I didn't know that. I'm not sure about Jada Pinkett Smith's acting. I don't know much about her.
Oh, I didn't know that! That's a great movie! It's a great movie!
Madame Bovary was written by Madame Bovary. Are you a fan of hers?
Yes, it was released in 1800s and is in the English language.
I'm sorry, I don't have access to that information right now. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome.
Ara Celi starred in American Beauty. Would you like to hear more about her?
It was written by David Sedaris. He also starred in Who's That Girl. Have you seen it?
I don't know if he acted in any movies but he also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and True Blood
I don't know much about her but I do know she is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I agree, she's a pretty good actress.
I've never seen any romantic comedies that she was in.
Yes, he directed and starred in Water for Elephants. Have you seen that one?
I dont have information about that movie, but he wrote Alien :)
All The Money in the World is a comedy/drama produced by Ridley Scott and directed by Ridley Scott
He also starred in The Thin Red Line, The Girl Next Door, and The Thin Red Line.
You are welcome!
I don't know if Shakira has a new album out, but I do know she is a singer-songwriter from the UK.
Love in the Time of Cholera is a great movie. She also starred in The Matrix Reloaded which is a comedy.
It was the Whiting Writers' Award, do you like her music?
I think Coraline is a great movie. I think its a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I'm not sure, but I do know it is a Thriller.
I'm not sure if you like dark fantasy genre, but you might also like The Frog or The Passage. Both are highly recommended!
Sure! Wicked City was written by John Hodgman. It's a Thriller/Horror film.
Sure! Margaret Atwood wrote The Year of the Flood and The Year of the Flood. Have you read either of those?
He wrote Where the Red Fern Grows and Where the Red Fern Grows. Have you read either of those?
Yes he has, he also wrote The Cat in the Hat
It was released in 1996
You're welcome
You're welcome
The Notebook was written by Nicholas Sparks and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
I'm not sure, but I can recommend The Notebook by Nicolas Sparks.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that one.
You're welcome!
Sure, Tom Quirk wrote Moby Dick and The Whale. Have you read them?
That's right. He also wrote The Crucible. Have you read that one?
You're welcome!
Sure, P.D. Eastman wrote several books including Go, Go, Go, Go! and Are You My Mother?
Yes, it is Speculative fiction and Children's Literature is also considered children's literature.
Yes, he did. He also wrote Go, Go, Go, Go, Go!
Sure, he wrote Lord of War. Have you read that one?
Sure, Surviving Picasso is a Thriller, Drama, Thriller, Drama, Thriller, Drama, Comedy, Drama, Comedy, Drama, Comedy, Drama, Comedy genre
It is a biography and a biography. Do you like those types of movies?
Sure, he wrote The Sicilian and The Last Don. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it was written by Francis Ford Coppola and he also wrote The Godfather.
Sure, hope you enjoy
Danny Boyle is a great director. He directed Young Frankenstein. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was. He also starred in The Princess Diaries. Have you seen that one?
127 Hours is a Thriller/Drama. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure! He starred in Troy and Troy. Have you seen them?
He is in the movie Troy
Troy is a comedy movie
Brad Pitt also starred in X-Men 2.
your welcome
I'm not sure about similar to Fantastic 4: Rise of the Silver Surfer, but I can tell you it is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
He starred in The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded, and The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen any of these movies?
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy!
Yes, she is a great athlete. Do you like her?
Do you like Oldboy because it is a Thriller or because it is a crime movie?
Philip Pullman wrote The Subtle Knife and The Subtle Knife. Are you a Philip Pullman fan?
I'm not sure about Robin Jarvis but I can tell you more about Clive Barker.
You're welcome.
Sure, he wrote Die Verwandlung and Die Verwandlung
It's genre is Fantasy. Do you like Fantasy?
Zero Dark Thirty is a Thriller starring Charlize Theron. Do you like Thrillers?
I don't know Mike Colter starred in Taking Chance, but he also starred in Taking Chance.
Yes, Linus Roache also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine.
Yes, Doug Scott also starred in The Ten Things I Hate About You.
I'm glad I could help.
Yes, I do. It was written by Ian Fleming and is a Fantasy Film. Do you like Fantasy?
I'm not sure, but I know it was written by Robert Wade.
I am not sure but it was released in 2012.
Yes, it was. It was a tv series.
You're welcome.
Sure, do you like Sci-Fi or Adventure films?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you Tom Tykwer also directed and starred in the Sci-Fi film X-Men: First Class
Charlize Theron also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine
You're welcome.
Charlize Theron also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine.
Taxi Driver is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You're right, I think you'll enjoy it.
There's Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee
Great, I'll add that to your watch list.
That's a great movie. It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is a horror novel. Have you read it?
The Day of The Jackal is a murder mystery and stars Robert Downey Jr... He is also a writer and a writer.
Yes, she wrote The Diary of a Young Girl. Have you read that one?
The Diary of a Young Girl was written by Anne Frank. It is considered a historical period drama.
Rise of Theodore Roosevelt was written by Franklin D. Roosevelt. The Bell Jar was released in 1817.
Great, I'll add that to your list.
It is a Sci-Fi Thriller similar to Star Wars: Episode III - Return of the Jedi.
I do not know who the star was, but it is a Sci-Fi/Action movie. Do you like Sci-Fi?
He also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine. Have you seen that one?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, he directed the movie True Romance and The Perfect Score. Have you seen those?
Sure, another comedy you might enjoy is World Without End. Have you seen that one yet?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Dan Brown wrote Angels & Demons and The Da Vinci Code. Have you read them?
Yes, it is directed by McG and stars Christian Bale. Do you like his work?
Yes, We Are Marshall is a football movie. Do you like football?
The Game of Their Lives was written and directed by Matt Damon. He was also in the movie A Bug's Life.
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional football team based in Tampa, Florida.
I don't know much about them now. I do know Lovie Smith used to be a linebacker.
You're welcome! Have a great day!
I agree. She's a very good athlete. She's been around for a long time. She's been around a long time.
I like American football, but I'm more of a American Football fan. What about you do you like?
I'm a huge fan of the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
Yes, Scream is a horror starring Scarlett Johansson. Do you like horror films?
Yes, he is. Would you like me to add it to your list?
You're welcome. Have a good day.
You are welcome. Have a good day.
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski and stars Keanu Reeves. Do you like her movies?
V for Vendetta is starring Tom Hardy, Robert Downey Jr. and Robert Downey Jr..
I'm not sure about V for Vendetta but I can tell you it is a drama.
Sure, do you like books written by Cornelia Funke or other books by her?
Anthea Bell also wrote Violets Are Blue which is a suspense novel.
Cinderella is considered a historical fiction.
King Kong was written by Robert Mark Kamen and stars Sam Elliot and Tom Hanks.
Naomi Watts starred in The Lord of the Rings and The Lord of the Rings.
The Painted Veil was written by Ron Nyswaner and stars Naomi Watts. Would you like to see it?
You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote The Five Love Languages of Children. Have you read that one?
I'm not sure, but they were released in 2005 and 2005. Do you like them?
I don't know much about her but I do know she is a singer. Is she a singer?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a singer.
Frank Capra wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. Have you read it?
Frank Capra wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, have you read it?
Frank Capra wrote It's a Wonderful Life
Yes, he produced It's a Wonderful Life, he also produced it.
She starred in Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Elie Wiesel.
It is in English and released in 1958
I'm not sure but I can tell you it was released in 1958
I do not have that information
I'm not sure but it was released in 1998
That movie is a drama and stars Christian Bale and Christian Bale. Do you like dramas?
It's considered a thriller and drama. Do you like those kinds of movies?
It was written by Jeffrey Eugenides. He's also a writer.
Woody Herman wrote The Girl with a Dragon Tattoo. It was released in 2005.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Mike Shanahan.
Do you know anything about the Raiders?
Yes, it is a great sport as well. Do you have a favorite player?
Sure, do you like comedy movies?
Sure Easy was written by Tammara Webber and released in 2012. She also wrote Where the Wild Things Are. Do you like her work?
It is a drama that was released in 2012. Do you like dramas?
Sure. Tammara Webber wrote Where You Are and Where You Are.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Great! Have a great day!
Steven Soderbergh directed The Goonies. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure who starred in it, but it was directed by Steven Soderbergh.
He's been in a lot of films. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in The Right Stuff, The Right Stuff and The Right Stuff. Have you seen any of those?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Alan Moore starred in The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen those?
V for Vendetta was released in 2004. It is a Sci-Fi/Action genre.
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
Richard J. Dunn wrote Wuthering Heights and Wuthering Heights. Have you read those?
It's genre is more of a Gothic fiction. Do you like that kind of book?
Great, I can add Wuthering Heights to your reading list. Enjoy!
Yes, The Eye of the World is written by Robert Jordan and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards, Rules of Attraction, and Wildwood Dancing.
It was released in 2005 and the genre is fiction.
You might enjoy Wildwood Dancing or Wildwood Dancing. They are both young adult fiction.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Spirit Bound was written by Richelle Mead and a Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Twilight is written by Stephenie Meyer and is in the Vampire Academy series.
Vampire Academy is Science Fiction and Fantasy.
You're welcome!
Charles Dickens wrote The Old Curiosity Shop and The Old Curiosity Shop. Have you read any of those?
The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club is similar to The Old Curiosity Shop and The Old Curiosity Shop.
Yes, it is. It's a Historical period drama.
Yes, Gnghis Khan is a biography and a biography. Do you like biography?
Great, have a great day!
Yes, he directed The Longest Yard, The Longest Yard, and The Longest Yard. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, he produced and produced the Longest Yard. Did you know Adam Sandler was a producer?
I'm not sure, but Adam Sandler is known for his role as an actor in that movie.
Yes, he wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. Have you read it?
Yes, J. K. Rowling also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Have you read it?
It's considered a fantasy and children's literature.
Yes, Newt Scamander wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. Have you read it?
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them was written by JK Rowlings. It was released in 2012.
Yes. You are correct. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Michael O'Neill starred in Transformers and Transformers. Have you seen those?
Traffic and Seabiscuit is a comedy-drama film. Do you like comedies?
If you like crime drama, you might also like The Last Colony. It is also a crime drama.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, he is a soccer player from Spain and plays for the Spain national football team.
I don't know much about him. I am more of a soccer fan. Do you know who he is?
You're welcome!
Do you like the Hangover because it is a comedy or a comedy?
It was released in 2003 and also starred Tom Hanks and Robert Duvall.
You're welcome!
Yes, Woody Harrelson starred in Midnight in Paris. Do you like romantic comedies?
It is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
I like murder mystery more. I'm more of a horror movie fan.
Shutter Island is a great murder mystery movie.
Do you like Mansfield Park because it is a Speculative fiction?
Persuasion is written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Do you like his work?
Persuasion was released in 1817.
Yes, Horrible Bosses is written by Robert Mark Kamen and is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I'm not sure about that. But, I can tell you Lindsay Sloane is a writer and a scientist.
You're correct. Kevin Spacey also starred in The Accidental Husband. Have you seen it?
I think he is a great tennis player. He was born in Switzerland and plays tennis. Do you like tennis?
I don't know much about tennis but I know he is married to Mirka Federer.
I am not a big soccer fan but I do know he is married to Mirka Federer.
Yes, I do. She wrote Where Rainbows End. Have you read that one?
There's The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban is a similar book
I have not read The Giving Tree, but I know she also wrote A Light In The Attic.
Sure, he wrote The Godfather and The Sun Also Rises. Have you read either of those?
The River is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
If you like Science Fiction, you might also like The Subterraneans. It's a great thriller.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Shawn Levy directed The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories.
Real Steel stars Evangeline Lilly and Evangeline Lilly. Are you a fan of thrillers?
I don't know who produced Real Steel, but I do know it was produced by Shawn Levy.
Did you like it because it is a Crime Fiction movie or because it is a Crime Fiction?
You might also enjoy the Crime Fiction movie called The Usual Suspects or Zero Dark Thirty. Have you seen either of those?
You're welcome.
If you like Crime Fiction movies you'll like The Fault in Our Stars. It's a great movie.
He's a soccer player from the Manchester United F.C. team. Do you like soccer?
Yes, they play in Wembley Stadium in England.
Are you a fan of Alice Walker? She wrote The Color Purple which is similar to Alice Walker.
He wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard, and The Temple of My Familiar.
You're welcome
I don't know much about him, but I know he is an athlete who plays football
No I didn't know that. Is he a soccer player?
I don't know much about them, but I know they are coached by Fernando Hierro
Yes, he is a midfielder and plays as a Forward.
Yes, it is a great book written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
He also wrote The Wise Man's Fear. Have you read that one?
The Slow Regard of Silent Things is a fantasy novel
You're welcome
Yes, it was written by Kiera Cass and released in 2013.
The Siren is a film. Kiera Cass also wrote The Siren.
I am not sure but I can tell you she also wrote The Siren which was released in 2016.
I am sorry. I do not have access to that information.
I'm not sure but I can tell you more about his music.
The Social Network is a Thriller starring Justin Timberlake. Do you like Thriller movies?
I don't know what other movies he's in, but Aaron Sorkin wrote The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner.
The Hummingbird was released in 2014. It's considered a comedy-drama.
You're welcome.
Yes, he is a great actor. He's a great actor. He's a great actor. He also starred in The Last Samurai.
The genre is mystery. Do you like mystery?
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
I am not sure if you have anything else I can help you with
Yes, I do. It was written by Ben Stiller and stars Morgan Freeman. Do you like that genre?
Danny Aiello also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he is in that movie.
You're welcome.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit, which is similar to Laura Hillenbrand
Laura Hillenbrand also wrote World War II Stories.
Yes, it is. Would you like me to add it to your list?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Aladdin is a Thriller starring Aladdin. Do you like Thrillers?
Aladdin is a great Disney movie. Other movies in that genre include The Time Traveler's Wife and The Golden Compass.
The Lion King was released in 2014. It's considered a Fantasy movie.
You're welcome!
Hemingway wrote To Have and Have Not, The Sun Also Rises.
I'm not sure, but A Farewell to Arms was written by Hemingway.
I don't know when it was released, but it was written in English.
You're welcome.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
Yes, he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints.
I do like him too. Do you know who he is?
yea i also like him. what about you?
Yes, he is a great author. He wrote Where the Wild Things Are. Have you read that one?
White Oleander also starred Robert Duvall and is a Psychological thriller. Do you like thrillers?
White Oleander is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, A Grief Observed is written by C.S Lewis and was released in 1943.
A Grief Observed was released in 1960 and is in the Fiction genre.
The Weight of Glory is a great book! It was written by William Shakespeare and released in 1960.
Done. Enjoy!
Yes, Sharlto Copley is an American professional football player who plays point guard for the London 2012 Summer Olympics. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about them, I know they're in the National Basketball Hall of Fame. Are you a fan?
No, I haven't but I know Mike Woodson is the coach.
They were the runner ups in Super Bowl XLVIII and Super Bowl XLVIII.
John Berendt wrote The Boy Next Door and The Boy Next Door. Have you read either of those?
The Lady & Sons Savannah Country Cookbook was released in 2008.
You're welcome!
You're welcome.
I'm not sure who directed it, but I do know it was written by Sarah Silverman.
He also wrote The Fault in Our Stars, which is a speculative fiction.
Yes, he did. He also wrote Paper Towns and Looking for Alaska.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a football player.
I don't know too much about football, but I know he was born in Oberbayern.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he's a German football player.
Yes, he has a good stats and won the Bravo Award.
Gore Verbinski directed Rango which is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Rango is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You're welcome.
The Prestige is written by Christopher Nolan and directed by Christopher Nolan.
The Prestige is a thriller and drama.
I am not sure but Jonathan Nolan directed The Prestige and also directed The Prestige.
Memento is starring Kurt Vonnegut Jr and Michael Caine
Thomas Lennon starred in The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises
You're welcome!
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a great one by L. Frank Baum. Have you read it?
Yes, it is in the fantasy genre as well as a fantasy novel.
Yes, Voyager is in the fantasy genre as well as Speculative Fiction and Children's Literature.
Yes, Diana Gabaldon is the author of Ozma of Oz and The Sea of Trolls.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you more about her books.
You're welcome.
I can tell you that Winslet was directed by Christopher Bigsby and stars Michael Caine and was released in 2012.
I'm not sure, but The Holiday is a Comedy-drama Film was released in 2012.
It is a comedy-drama film.
Thriller is Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
yes she did and Eddie Redmayne starred in The Wedding Date.
WALLE is a speculative fiction written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like speculative fiction?
I'm not sure if you've heard of WALLE but if you're a fan of Sci-Fi movies I would recommend X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Sure- it's a great Thriller/Sci-Fi movie. It's a Thriller starring Kevin Spacey and Jennifer Lawrence.
Yes- State of the Union is a great movie! It's a great Sci-Fi movie.
I'm not sure if it's a Thriller, but I can recommend another X-Men movie if you like.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it was released in 2008.
Just Listen is written by Sarah Dessen and is a young-adult fiction book. Do you like young adult fiction?
Sure, you might also like The Fault in Our Stars and The House of Seven Pounds. Have you read those?
Sure, you might also like The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York, written by David Levithan.
Sure! Katherine Paterson wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and The Great Gilly Hopkins. Have you read them?
Yes, it's a children's book. It's considered children's literature.
The Witch of Blackbird Pond is written by William Shakespeare. It was released in 1980.
Yes, it is a great movie starring Matt Damon and was released in 2012. Do you like Thriller movies?
Ocean's Twelve stars George Nolfi and George Nolfi. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Great, I will add it to your watch list.
Robert Lewandowski is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich and the Germany national team.
I'm not a huge football fan but I do like American Football. What about you?
I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Paul Sorvino is an actor who starred in several movies such as The Rocketeer and The Rocketeer.
Yes, he is a screenwriter and author. He wrote Into the Wild and Into Thin Air.
It is considered a drama and a biography.
Yes, he is, and he also starred in The Casual Vacancy.
Of course, enjoy!
Sure, Lisa See wrote The Year of the Flood, The Last Summer (of You and Me). Have you read any of her work?
Snow Flower and the Secret Fan was released in 2005 and the genre is fiction.
I'm not sure about that one, but I can tell you that it was released in 2014 and is about a boy who meets a boy who meets a boy boy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like Pulp Fiction because it's a crime fiction movie?
Grindhouse was directed by Reservoir Dogs and is a horror film. Do you like horror?
It is a horror film starring Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
It was written by Stieg Larsson and was released in 2006.
I don't know any other books by Syeig Larsson, but I can tell you about Flickan som lekte med elden.
Sure, The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo is a horror novel written by Dr. Seuss and released in 2006.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Michael Parks starred in We Bought a Zoo and The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen those?
Wicked is a Thriller and Drama. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome.
I'm not sure if he wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, but I can tell you that he is an author.
I have not read that one, but I can recommend other books by him if you like.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I think he's a good basketball player, but I don't know much about him. What do you think?
I don't know much about him, but he's a great actor. He's a musician, songwriter, and a musician.
Yes, I love Ghostbusters. I'm also a huge fan of Sylvester Stallone. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. It's a great family movie. I think you'd enjoy it.
Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls. Have you seen it?
Yes, he starred in The Boy Next Door and The Fast and the Furious.
Yes, he was also in A Man Apart. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
He also wrote Travels with Charley: In Search of America and Travels with Charley: In Search of America.
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Yes he did and he also starred in the movie The Lies
What Lies Beneath is considered a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Me too! They're in the National League East, and in the National League East. Do you like them?
I'm not a big football fan but I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. Who's your favorite team?
If you like action thrillers, you should watch Shark Night. It's a great movie to watch.
I have not read it, but I know it was written by Paula McLain and released in 2011.
Circling the Sun is a Romance novel. You might also like The Lady in the Lake.
You might also like The Time Traveler's Wife, which is a Historical fiction.
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like thrillers or thrillers?
Eraserhead is starring Tom Clancy. what else can i answer for you?
drama. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
Yes, he directed The Fault in Our Stars and The Fault in Our Stars.
Yes, he is. He also starred in "Silence in Our Stars" and "Silence of the Lambs."
The Fault in Our Stars is a drama. It also stars Sam Trammell.
You're welcome!
Hotel Rwanda is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you enjoy Thrillers?
Yes, it was written by Francis Ford Coppola and was released in 2001.
Yes, We Were Soldiers is a war film starring Matt Damon and Josh Brolin. Do you like war movies?
Great, I'll add it to your watch list.
Sure! Tammara Webber wrote many books including Where You Are, Easy and Where You Are. Have you read them?
Where You Are was released in 2012.
2011 was also the year that released You Are Not So Smart was released.
Yes, it was written by Norton Juster. Have you heard of him?
Peter Cushing starred in The Skulls. Have you seen it?
The Twins of Evil also starred Robert Duvall and Kate Beckinsale. Would you like to hear more about them?
The Revenge of Frankenstein was written by J.D. Salinger and released in 2006.
You're welcome.
Peter Gallagher starred in The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen any of these?
While You Were Sleeping is a recurring film that was released in 2017. It is a comedy-drama.
It was written by Richie Rich and Holes. He is a writer and director.
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy!
Yes, Yaphet Kotto is an author and poet. He wrote Winnie the Pooh. Have you heard of it?
Yes, Yaphet Kotto starred in The Running Man and The Thomas Crown Affair is an action film
X-Men is a great action movie with Vin Diesel, who also starred in Scream 4 and The Running Man
You are welcome, enjoy!
Hush Hush is a professional Hush movie starring Hugh Jackman. Have you seen it?
She also wrote Hush, Hush, Hush. Have you read that one?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Glass Castle is written by Jeannette Walls and released in 2005.
She also wrote The Glass Castle, which was released in 2005
The Silver Star is a memoir released in 2005
You're welcome
Yes, he directed The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen those?
Yes, you are correct. I'm not sure if he was in that movie.
I don't know anything about that one, but I do know Kurt Russell starred in I Heart Huckabees.
Rhonda Byrne wrote The Secret, The Power, and The Power
I don't know any similar authors but I do know that Sean Byrne was also a writer of The Secret.
He wrote The Secret which was turned into a film as well as The Power.
Yes, John Ratzenberger starred in The Last Samurai and The Gunman. Have you seen those?
Your Friend the Rat is a romantic comedy starring John Ratzenberger and WALL-E was released in 2011.
Yes, it is a cartoon and a cartoon is a children's animated film.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is written by Spike Jonze and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I have not seen any of them but I do know that it is a family friendly film.
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy!
Still Alice is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Thriller movies?
I haven't read that one, but I heard it was a good book.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
Sure! Mark Haddon is a film starring Tom Hanks. He was also a musician and a musician. He was also a musician.
Yes, it was adapted into a film and filmed in the late 1980's.
Yes, he did and it was directed by James Dashner.
You're welcome.
Yes, he starred in a few movies. Two of my favorites are To Have and Have Not. Have you seen it?
Kevin James also starred in Zookeeper. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Salma Hayek is a comedy-drama.
Once Upon a Time in the West is similar to Once Upon a Time in the West.
Once Upon a Time in the West is similar to Once Upon a Time in the West.
I'm not sure who stars in Nightcrawler but it is a comedy/drama.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know a little about him, I know he's a basketball player. He plays point guard for the Green Bay Packers. Do you like basketball?
The Order was released in 1985 and it is a Thriller.
I am not sure, but Heath Ledger also starred in Two Hands.
You're welcome.
Yes, The Blind Side is a horror movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like horror films?
I'm sorry, I don't have anymore information on Drama movies. But I can tell you more about The Blind Side.
Moneyball is a drama movie starring Michael Lewis and John Lee Hancock. It's a great movie.
City of ashes is written by Cassandra Clare. Are you a fan of hers?
Sure, I can recommend The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones, City of Ashes and City of Ashes: City of Ashes: City of Bones.
Sure, The Shadowhunter's Codex is a fantasy novel written in 2012. It was released in 2013.
You're welcome.
Alfonso Cuaron directed The Little Friend and The Little Prince. Have you seen them?
Yes, he did and it was directed by J.K. Rowling. Are you a fan of his work?
I'm not sure but it is in English.
You're welcome.
Yes, I do. It is written by C.S. Lewis and is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
I don't know if he wrote anything else, but C.S. Lewis also wrote Where the Wild Things Are.
You're welcome.
I love Paul McCartney! He wrote Yellow Submarine with John Lennon.
I don't know much about Liverpool, but I do know that they are owned by John Lennon.
I don't know much about football, I don't know much about him. I'm more of a baseball fan.
I do! I loved him in the 2012 Summer Olympics. Have you been there?
Laurie Halse Anderson wrote Wintergirls, Twisted, and Twisted. Have you read any of these?
Wintergirls is a children's literature that was released in 2000.
I will download it now.
Yes, Rihanna is a very talented singer. She is also a singer and a musician. Do you like her music?
Yes, she has a lot of good songs. Do you like that type of music?
It is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and Insurgent. Have you seen those?
Sure, Marc Forester starred in The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded, and The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen any of these?
Finding Neverland is a Thriller/Drama that was released in 2012.
You're welcome!
Mockingjay is a speculative fiction written by Mockingjay. It is a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Have you read Xenocide or Xenocide? They are both great books.
Yes, he did.
Yes, he is an author. He wrote Little Altars Everywhere. Have you read it?
Yes, he also starred in The Princess Bride. Have you seen it?
Yes, he also starred in The Princess Diaries. You should check it out.
She is a great actress. She also starred in a romantic comedy called Little Miss Sunshine.
You're welcome.
A Walk to Remember is written by Nicholas Sparks and is a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
I do not have that information, but I can tell you it is a teen drama.
Yes, True Believer is a Thriller and was released in 2014.
I would recommend The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo, it is a good one. It was released in 2014.
The Matrix Revolution was produced and directed by M. Night Shyamalan, who also produced and directed The Matrix Reloaded.
Yes, he starred in The Matrix Reloaded as well as in The Matrix Reloaded.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you Jada Pinkett Smith starred in The Man of Steel.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you she starred in The Man of Steel with Jada Pinkett Smith
I'm not sure who directed Mystic River, but I do know it was directed by Christopher Bigsby
You're welcome!
Yes, he directed The Road to Little Dribbling and The Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen those?
Do you know if he directed The Expendables 2?
I'm not sure if he has yet, but he has directed The Expendables 2 and it was released in 2014.
You're welcome!
You got it! Enjoy!
Yes, M.L Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans and The Half-Blood Prince.
Yes, 2012 was written by Roland Emmerich and released in English. Are you a fan of M.L. Stedman?
Sure! Emmerich also directed The Time Traveler's Wife which was directed by Roland Emmerich. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Daphne du Maurier wrote Rebecca and Rebecca. Have you read them?
My Cousin Rachel is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Jamaica Inn was released in 2012. It is a mystery film.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Bill Bidwill.
I haven't been there much since they were the runner ups in Super Bowl XLVIII.
i don't know who he is. do you know who he is?
i think he is a good guy. do you like him?
i think they will. do you know who he is?
Yes, he's a great singer. Did you know he starred in Men in Black 3?
Time and Friends with Benefits is a comedy-drama.
I'm not sure who else stars in it, but I can tell you it is also a comedy movie.
Yes, I love her music. My favorite song is Whatcha say. Do you know her?
Yes, I did. It is a great movie. Do you like any other genres?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it is a comedy.
Yes, she is a doll and a doll. Do you like dolls?
Do you like Joseph Sikora because Joseph Sikora starred in The Matrix Reloaded?
The Watcher is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he did and Dicaprio also starred in The Dark Knight Rises.
You're welcome!
Me too! She wrote A Thousand Splendid Suns, which is one of my favorites.
I don't know of any other poets, but I do know she is from the United States of America. Do you know who she is?
You're welcome.
It was written by St. John Mandel and released in 2014. Are you a fan of hers?
Toni Morrison wrote The Bluest Eye and The Bluest Eye. Have you read them?
It is speculative fiction
Xenocide is a fiction genre
It was written by Robert Mark Kamen
You're welcome
Downfall is a war movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like war movies?
I'm not There. But I do know it was written by Michael McKean.
You're welcome.
Andrew Stanton directed both The Sworn Sword and The Mystery Knight. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, he also starred in the movie A Bug's Life. Have you seen it?
Toy Story 3 was written and directed by Andrew Stanton. He also starred in A Bug's Life.
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
Then you'd like to read The Crucible. It's a drama. Do you like drama?
2012 was written by Roland Emmerich and is in the Drama genre. Do you like Drama books?
You're welcome, enjoy!
He's a great basketball player. He was born in Chicago and plays point guard. Do you like basketball?
It's a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that kind of movie?
I don't know when it was released, but it's a good movie.
Sure! Have a good evening!
Yes, I have heard of In Bruges. It was written by Martin McDonagh. Are you a fan of his work?
It was released in 2001 and also starred Tom Everett and Liam Neeson.
Yes, he did. He also starred in Unleashed and The Prince of Egypt.
You're welcome.
Sure, he directed American Pie and The Golden Compass. Have you seen those?
He also directed The Golden Compass. Have you seen that one?
Yes, it's a great movie. Did you know it was written by John Green?
Alejandro Amenábar directed and starred in both The Story of Doctor Dolittle and The Messenger. Have you seen those?
The Nightingale is written by J.K. Rowling and is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I don't know of any other books by her, but I can tell you more about her book The Nightingale.
There is no information about that book, but I can tell you more about it.
I think he's a good tennis player but I don't know much about him. I'm more of a tennis fan. Do you like tennis?
The Expendables 2 is a horror/drama starring Serena Williams and Kate Beckinsale.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I do! It's a great Thriller starring Bruce Willis. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he did. Do you know he is also a director?
How the Grinch Stole Christmas is written by James Dashner and a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he did write that one as well as The Lorax and The Cat in the Hat.
Yes, they co-wrote The Sneetches and Other Stories, which is a Children's literature.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Whiplash is a great drama starring J.K. Simmons and Melissa Benoist. It was released in 2014.
Melissa Benoist also starred in The Longest Ride.
Yes, Tiago Riani also starred in The Longest Ride. Would you like me to add it to your list?
Yes, it's a romantic comedy and also a comedy.
No I haven't, but I will add it to my watch list.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer and Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a basketball player. I'm more of a baseball fan.
I agree! The Los Angeles Rams are a basketball team.
Larissa wrote ес, рат овести, ес, ес.
Eecccbl wrote ес and ес.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Notebook was written by Nicholas Sparks and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Have you read Post-Apocalyptic Fiction? It's considered a classic.
Yes, Tuck Everlasting is written by John Green.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Mike Shanahan. Do you like them?
I don't know too much about him, but I do know that Pete Rozelle is a member of the National Football League.
I don't know much about sports Illustrated Sports Illustrated Sports Illustrated Sports Illustrated Sports Illustrated Sports Illustrated Sports Illustrated Sports Illustrated Sports Illustrated Sportsler of the Year.
Yes, she wrote Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail is a self help book. Is that something you'd like to read?
You're welcome.
The Cuckoo's Calling is written by J.K Rowling and was released in 2013.
She also wrote The Cuckoo's Calling and The Cuckoo's Calling.
It's a fantasy novel. Do you like those kinds of books?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wildest Dream. Have you seen those?
Yes, it is. It is a comedy-drama. Do you like comedies?
I haven't seen it but I've heard it's a good movie. Do you like Crime Fiction?
Do you like books written by Charles Dickens or children's literature?
There is another book similar to that book called Little House on the Prairie called Little House on the Prairie
Little House on the Prairie is written by John Green
Yes, Venus Williams is an American professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 40 in the WTA singles rankings.
I didn't know she was in the Hair Show but I do know that Serena is also a singer.
I didn't know that. But, I know that Serena lost to Venus and her sister Serena.
Yes, The Lost Symbol is written by Dan Brown and stars Tom Hanks. Are you a fan of Tom Hanks?
Tom Hanks wrote and starred in the movie Larry Crowne.
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Da Vinci Code and The Inferno.
Yes, Dan Brown produced The Da Vinci Code and The Inferno.
I'm not sure if there's anything similar to Bourne, but it is a Thriller.
You're welcome
Yes, X-Men Orgins:Wolverine is a great Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a Thriller.
You might like Zombieland or X-Men Origins: Wolverine, X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Yes, he starred in Iron Man 2 and he also starred in Unleashed.
Tim Dolin wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented and others.
It is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
Yes. He also wrote A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
Rick Yancey is an author who wrote The Infinite Sea. Are you a fan of hers?
Sutton is the author of a book called The Time Traveler's Wife. Would you like to hear more about that?
You're welcome
We're The Millers is a Thriller starring Kevin Spacey. Do you like Thriller movies?
Thomas Lennon also starred in We're the Millers. Have you seen that one?
I'll add them to your watch list.
Gone with the Wind was written by Margaret Mitchell. It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Gone with the Wind is a good Romance movie. Another Romance movie you might enjoy is The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen that one?
The Untouchables was written by Robert Mark Kamen and stars Morgan Freeman. Do you like his movies?
You're welcome.
Did you know that it was written by Nicholas Sparks?
He also wrote The Wedding Date. Have you read that one?
I have not read Every Breath, is there anything else I can help you with?
I know they are a Korean boy band from Seoul, but I don't know much about them. Are they a singer?
Sure! Cornelia Funke wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. Have you read that one?
I don't know any other fantasy movies. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome.
Do you like the Hangover because it is a comedy or a comedy?
It was written and directed by David Ayer and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks movies?
You're welcome
Yes, he wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. Have you read it?
It's a fantasy novel. Do you like those kinds of books? Would you like to hear more about it?
You're welcome!
I know Mahendra Singh Dhoni is an actor and actor. He starred in Hook Ya Crook and Hook Ya Crook.
I don't know much about soccer, but Robert Duvall is a cricket player. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Robert Duvall starred in Hook Ya Crook. Have you seen it?
Tracy Chevalier wrote The Virgin Blue, The Last Runaway, and The Lady and the Unicorn. Have you read any of these?
Yes, The Last Runaway was released in 1996 and the genre is Fantasy.
You're welcome.
The BFG was written by Roald Dahl and is in the Fantasy genre. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Going Solo is a children's book and a children's book is a children's literature. Do you like children's literature?
Yes, he did write Going Solo as a children's book.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it is a soccer team coached by David Platt. Do you like soccer?
Yes, I do. He wrote The Crucible and The Chronicles of Narnia: The Odyssey of Sherlock Holmes.
Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, Stan Lee also wrote and starred in The Incredible Hulk as well.
Sure, Stan Lee also starred in Iron Man 3 and he also starred in The Incredible Hulk.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Howls Moving Castle is written by Diana Wynne Jones and stars Christian Bale. Are you a fan of his work?
Jon Favreau wrote Waking Life. Have you read it?
Joe Johnston directed The Doors as well as The Doors.
Great choice! You might also like World War Z and World War Z. Have you seen those?
Yes, he was. He also starred in The Last Samurai. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
It was written by Gillian Flynn and released in 2006. Do you like suspense or mystery genres?
Yes, Gone Girl is a suspense and mystery book. Do you like suspense?
Yes, Gone Girl is a movie starring Gillian Flynn. Do you like suspense?
It was released in 2014.
Yes, he is a great author. He wrote The Wolf of Wall Street. Have you read that one?
Cold Blood is a drama. It is also considered a thriller.
Transformers is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like the actors in that movie?
A.I. Artificial Intelligence stars Robert Downey Jr and Josh Brolin.
A.I. Artificial Intelligence is directed by Steven Spielberg and directed by Steven Spielberg.
You're welcome.
Sure. Mark Cotta Vaz wrote the book Twilight: The Complete Illustrated Movie Companion.
Yes, it is a vampire series. Do you like vampire stories?
I'm not sure, but it was made into a movie as well.
You're welcome.
Sure, he directed Seven Psychopaths and Seven Psychopaths. Have you seen those?
Seven Psychopaths is a Psychological thriller starring Robert Downey Jr. and Kate Beckham
You are welcome
Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, it is a drama and a biography. Do you like those kinds of books?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Great, have a good day!
Yes, Rickie Fowler is a professional golfer from Murrieta. Do you like golf?
I don't know too much about Golf, but I know he is from the United States of America.
I like Julia Bowen too, she's a great actress.
Connie Nielsen starred in The Stand, The Stand, and The Stand. Have you seen any of those?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you she also starred in The Ice Harvest.
The Situation is a Historical period drama
The 5th Wave is written by Rick Yancey. Do you like his work?
It was released in 2016 as a thriller and a science fiction movie.
I like that genre. If you like science fiction you might also like The Last Star.
You might also like the movie X-Men Origins:Wolverine. It's a thriller.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I do. She's a great singer. She's also been in Valentine's Day. Have you seen that movie?
She was in Valentine's Day, which is a romantic comedy. She also starred in a movie called Valentine's Day. Have you seen it?
Yeah, I didn't know she was in Valentine's Day, but I remember her when she was younger. She was also in Valentine's Day.
I do! He starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, I have. It is a great movie. It was written by Tom Hanks and stars Tom Cruise. Do you like him?
Yes, Ted is a great comedy movie. Would you like me to add it to your favorites?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Me too! Did you know that he starred in Men in Black 3?
I like Selena Gomez, but I'm more of a Justin Bieber fan. What about you?
I like his music too. What's your favorite?
It is a Sci-Fi Thriller similar to Star Wars: Episode III - Return of the Jedi.
Yes, he was in it as well
He was also in Star Wars: Episode III - A Star Wars Episode III - The Empire Strikes Back
Sure, do you like it because it's a family movie?
Grown Up was directed by Steven Spielberg and it was released in 2012.
Yes he did and 50 Dates was directed by Steven Spielberg.
You're welcome
He's a great actor. He starred in a lot of movies. He's also a musician and a musician. He was also a musician.
The Hunchback of Notre-Dame was released in 2000 and is in the Romance genre.
Yes, it is. It is considered a Gothic Fiction book.
Then you'll like Welcome to the Monkey House, which is a classic.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Paul Thomas Anderson starred in Water for Elephants. Have you seen it?
Yes, I like Sia Furler's music. She composed You Lost Me and Wild Ones. Have you heard of them?
I don't know a whole lot about him. I know he is a singer, songwriter, and songwriter. Do you like him?
Yea, he's more of a hip hop artist and a singer. Do you like hip hop?
Anthony Hopkins starred in The Rise of the Planet of the Apes and The Fountainhead. Have you seen any of those?
Bobby is a crime drama. Do you like those kinds of movies?
I'm sorry, I don't have anymore information on Peter and Paul.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt. Do you know them?
I'm not a big fan of them, but I do know they're in the AFC South division
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver. Do you know them?
Yes, he is a great basketball player. He plays point guard for the Denver Nuggets. Do you like basketball?
I don't know much about basketball but I do know he is a basketball player. Who is your favorite player?
Space Jam was a great movie. I'll have to check Space Jam out. Thanks for the information.
The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet Prince of Denmark was written by William Shakespeare. He also wrote The Silence of the Lambs.
There is no information about that
Have a great day!
She's a tennis player. She's from Romania and plays tennis.
Yes, Venus is a female tennis player. Do you know who Serena is?
I don't know anything about her but I do know she is a tennis player.
The Baltimore Ravens are a professional football team based in Baltimore, Maryland. Do you like football?
I'm not sure if he coached any other teams, but Jim Caldwell is a pretty good coach.
I'm not sure, but I do know that they coached a lot of teams in the NFC south.
Yes, Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and he also wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
It was released in 1886, and is in English.
I'm not sure, but Mervyn Peake was influenced by William Shakespeare.
You might also like the X-Men Origins: Wolverine, which is horror.
I'm not sure who starred in Twilight Eyes, but Mervyn Peake was also in The Long Walk.
Sure,ordering it now.
There was a movie based on Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone. It was written by J.K. Rowling.
It was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince.
Kenneth H. Blanchard wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
Who Moved My Cheese is a self-help book written by Kenneth H. Blanchard
You Can Win was written in English and released in 1998.
You are welcome.
The Fountainhead is written by James Dashner. Are you a fan of his work?
She also wrote We the Living. Have you read that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde?
Bram Stoker wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Dracula.
The Girl Next Door was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. It is a horror novel.
The Girl Next Door is a horror book written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
Sure, Frances Mayes wrote The Secret Garden and Little Altars Everywhere. Have you read them?
Under the Tuscan Sun is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like that movie because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Yes, he also wrote Go Set a Watchman
You are welcome
Harper Lee also wrote Go Set a Watchman
Yes, it is a great movie. It was written by Francis Ford Coppola and starred Scarlett Johansson. Have you seen it?
I have not, but I know it was directed by Al Pacino and Robert De Niro.
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy The Godfather Part II. Have you seen it?
Michael Byrne also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Michael Byrne is also in the Vampyres.
You're welcome!
Seamus Heaney wrote Beowulf. Have you read it?
It is considered a fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it was written in English.
Yes, he starred in The Terminator, The Order, and The Order.
He's been in a lot of movies. He was in The Terminator and The Order.
Sure, Lionheart is a war film and a crime drama. It also starred Robert Duvall. It's considered a comedy.
Liam Neeson also starred in that movie. It's a great movie.
Liam Neeson starred in that movie as well. It's an action film.
You're welcome!
He directed Seven Psychopaths and Seven Psychopaths. Have you seen those?
It was written and directed by Martin McDonagh. It is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I agree! He's a great shooting guard. He won NBA Rookie of the Year Award. Do you like basketball?
I do. I'm more of a basketball fan. What about you?
Wilson Chandler is a great shooting guard. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The Wise Man's Fear is written by Patrick Rothfuss. Do you like his work?
Sure, Alien is a sci-fi starring Tom Hanks. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Yes he did and he also produced The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen that one?
I am not sure if he produce anything else he produce, but if you like horror genre you might also like The Fault in Our Stars. It is a horror film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Rosie Project is written by Graeme Simsion. Are you a fan of her work?
Yes, Graeme Simsion wrote The Rosie Project and it was released in 2013.
Yes, We Are Called to Rise was released in 2014 and is written in English.
Antoine Fuqua wrote The Time Traveler's Wife and The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you read them?
Hugh Jackman also starred in Olympus Fallen. Do you know him?
Danny Lerner also starred in The World According to Garp and The Time Traveler.
The adaption comedy was written by Robert Mark Kamen. He was also a writer.
Yes, he's a great singer. Did you know he starred in Men in Black 3?
Yes, they were in Vanilla Sky. Did you know Nicky Katt starred in that one?
I don't know if he is friends with Will Smith, but I do know he was in a movie called Friends with Benefits.
The Catcher in the Rye was written by J.D. Salinger. Do you like J.D. Salinger?
Harper Lee wrote To Kill a Mockingbird and it was released in 1960.
Yes, Harper Lee also wrote Go Set a Watchman which was released in 1960.
You're very welcome!
Clockwork Angel was written by Cassandra Clare. Are you a fan of her work?
Yes, The Shadowhunter's Codex was written by Frank Darabont.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by George Steinbrenner.
The Yankees are owned by George Steinbrenner, he also owns the Boston Red Sox.
I don't know too much about them, but I do know they are owned by George Steinbrenner
I am not sure about that one, but I do know that Michael Jackson was influenced by Michael Jackson
You should check out his music if you like folk music
I think Saina Nehwal is a good badminton player. Do you like badminton?
I don't know too much about badminton, but I do know Saina Nehwal is an athlete.
I'm not sure, but I do know Saina Nehwal starred in Wembley Stadium.
I do! That was a great movie, starring Christian Bale, Christian Bale, and Christian Bale. Do you like any of those actors?
The Amazing Spider-Man is written by Stan Lee and stars Emma Stone. Do you like her work?
The Amazing Spider-Man is written by Steve Kloves and he also wrote The Amazing Spider-Man
Yes, it is and it was directed by Steve Kloves
You're welcome.
Gillian Flynn wrote What Alice Forgot, Truly Madly Guilty Girl and Three Wishes.
The genre is fiction
What genre are you looking for?
You are welcome
He wrote Where the Wild Things Are. Have you read that one?
Have you tried To Kill a Mockingbird by Robert Louis Stevenson? It is a Psychological Thriller.
The Heretics of Dune was published in 1980 and is a Thriller.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like it because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
You might also like Zoolander, it is a great family comedy, it is also a family comedy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, The Eye of the World is written by Robert Jordan and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Do you like the Wizard of Oz because it is a fantasy movie?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
You're very welcome!
Yes, that was a great movie. You might also like Little Miss Sunshine. It was written by William Shakespeare.
Sure! It was written and directed by Peter Hyams. It is a Comedy/drama movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I do. It was written by Sara Gruen and is a Romance Film. Do you like romance?
I have not read At the Water's Edge but I know it was written by Sara Guen
No, I have not read Ape House. What genre are you looking for?
I will have to check it out. Thanks
You are welcome.
OK, have a good day
Beautiful Disaster is written by Jamie McGuire and released in 2011. Do you like Jamie McGuire?
I don't know anything more about Jamie's work but I do know he was born in London. He was also a teacher.
You're welcome!
Pulp Fiction was written by Quentin Tarantino.
John Travolta also starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader
She was in Walk the Line and Walk the Line. Have you seen either of those?
I'm not sure who else was in Walk the Line, but I can tell you it is a comedy/drama
She was also in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which is a comedy
Yes, Joseph Heller wrote The Tempest. Have you read that one yet?
I don't know much about them, I know they are a sports team. Are you a football team?
Not really a soccer fan. I'm more of a baseball fan. Who's your favorite player?
I don't know much about the Lakers. Who's your favorite player?
Jake Gyllenhaal is a writer, director and film director. He wrote The Muppets. Have you seen it?
Zodiac was released in 2002 and is a crime movie.
I'm not sure who else stars in it, but I can tell you it was written by David Ayer, who also produced The Hangover.
You're welcome, have a great day!
Norton Juster wrote The Phantom Tollbooth. It was released in 1943.
The Looking Glass Wars is another fantasy book written by Norton Juster.
Yes, it is. It is part of a series.
Looking Glass Wars was released in 2001.
Marion Zimmer Bradley is an author who wrote The Mists of Avalon and the Forest House.
The Mists of Avalon is a fantasy novel and The Forest House is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
The Looking Glass Wars is written by Philip Pullman and is a fantasy novel.
You're welcome.
Yes, I do. John Ratzenberger starred in The Last Samurai and The Maze Runner.
What If you've heard of is a great movie. It was written and produced by John Ratzenberger. It was released in 2000.
It's a romantic comedy.
You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
The Next Best Thing is a Comedy-drama.
You're welcome!
Yes, that was a great movie. Did you know O Brother, Where Art Thou was written by John Green?
Sure, he also wrote True Grit and The Big Lebowski.
I'm not sure but O Brother, Where Art Thou was released in 2005.
You're welcome.
Anthony Daniels starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
Wally Lamb wrote The Hour I First Believed and The Hour I First Believed. Have you read those?
Yes, it was released in 2000.
Yes, they were both released that same year as Wicked Appetite.
I have not, but I know he is a writer and author. He wrote The Chemist. Have you read it?
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest is a film starring Ken Kesey. Do you like films he's written?
Yes, he was. He also starred in The Hangover Part II. Have you seen that one?
Similar to leo dicaprio, he starred in the movie A Bug's Life.
Mark Wahlberg starred in The Maze Runner and The Maze Runner
I don't know any others, but I do know that he starred in The Wolverine and The Proposal.
I'm not sure but I can tell you they starred in The Wolverine which is a comedy
I am not sure, but I can tell you they both starred in The Wolverine which is a comedy.
You're welcome.
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is written by J.K. Rowling.
He also wrote The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian and The Shadowhunter's Codex
The Silver Chair is a Fantasy and The Wardrobe is a fantasy novel.
Neill Blomkamp starred in The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban.
Yes, it is. It's a thriller and a crime drama. Do you like those?
I'm not sure, but Katharine McPhee was in Screaming.
You're welcome, enjoy!
She's a singer, singer, and song writer. Do you like her music?
I'm not sure but I can tell you she has a lot of friends like Taylor Swift and Selena Gomez.
You're welcome.
Yes, he is a soccer player from Manchester and plays for Manchester United F.C. and the Manchester United F.C. team.
Javier Hernández is also a player on the Mexico National Football team. He is a midfielder and forward.
I believe he is from Guadalajara.
Sure, Bobby Farrelly directed The Stuff and Stuck on You. Have you seen them?
If you like comedy films, you might also enjoy The Last Samurai. It's a great movie.
I'm not sure, but I know Jim Carrey starred in the movie Outside of Jim Carrey.
You're welcome.
Yes, he is a basketball player from Chicago. He plays point guard.
I don't know too much about him, but I know he is a basketball player.
Yeah, I'm a big fan of the Bulls. Who's your favorite player?
Yes, it was written by Roald Dahl and is a Young-adult fiction book. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Lois Lowry wrote Return of the Jedi, which is similar to Number the Stars.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, he wrote The Twits and The Warrior's Way. Have you read either of those?
I don't know a whole lot about Quentin Blake, but I know he wrote The Twilight Series. Have you read it?
If you like fantasty, you'll like The Time Traveler's Wife.
I'm not sure when it was released, but it is a fantasy.
You're welcome!
Will Grayson is a children's literature book written by John Green. Do you like children's literature?
The Fault in Our Stars was released in 2014. He also wrote Paper Towns.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Firm is a Thriller, written by James Dashner. Do you like thrillers?
It is considered a thriller and suspense.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, he wrote The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell. Have you read that one?
Yes, it was. It was released in 1956 in the English language.
Yes, The Last Battle was released in 1956 and was written by Aldous Huxley.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, he wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Cao Chi also wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes. Have you read this one?
Stephen Hawking wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Sure, she starred in The Princess Diaries and The Frog. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, Robert Redford also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
I like Scarlett Johansen too! She's a great actress! She also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness. Have you seen it?
They're Action/Adventure movies.
He wrote Where the Wild Things Are and When You Reach Me. Have you read either of those?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it was released in 2008.
Yes, that was the year that released You Are Not So Smart was written by David Sedaris.
You're welcome!
Yes, I love her music. She's a great singer. Did you know she also starred in The Princess Diaries?
I didn't know that, but I know she is a singer and a musician.
Yes, that is a great song. Did you know she was born in Los Angeles?
Robin Williams starred in The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded.
It is a comedy also starring Rob Riggle. Have you seen it?
Yes, she was. She also starred in The Princess Diaries. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Bourne Identity stars Matt Damon and is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Yes, he did. Did you know he also starred in The Mist?
You might enjoy Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee and Katharine McPhee.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Christopher Bigsby starred in The Crucible and All My Sons.
The Crucible was written by Christopher Bigsby and stars Christopher Bigsby. It is based on the true story of Christopher Bigsby.
Sure, you might like The Crucible by Christopher Bigsby, it's a Thriller and was released in 1996
It was written by Christopher Bigsby and stars Thomas Lennon
You're welcome.
I think he is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Do you like him?
Is he a basketball player?
I'm sorry, I don't have information on some basketball teams.
He is a point guard.
Sure, Mary Harron directed The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen those?
It is a psychological thriller
You're welcome
It was released in 2003
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom and Billy Boyd. Do you like Fantasy movies?
He wrote The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded, and The Matrix Reloaded. Have you read any of these?
He wrote the Matrix Reloaded and V for Vendetta.
Yes, he wrote The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you read it?
I do not know who starred in Flightplan, but I do know it was directed by David Ayer.
It's a action movie. Do you like action movies?
He wrote The Light Between Oceans and The Half-Blood Prince. Have you read them?
The Light Between Oceans is a thriller. It was released in 2012.
Yes, he starred in The Light Between Oceans. It was directed by Roland Emmerich as well.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Yes, he is a professional tennis player. He was born in London and plays tennis. Do you like him?
He directed and starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Fool's Gold is starring Kate Beckinsale and Kate Beckinsale.
Yes, he did and Matthew McConaughey starred in Fool's Gold.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Stephen Dubner starred in The Scorch Trials and The Maze Runner.
I don't know any of his books but I do know Stephen Dubner is an author
You're welcome
Yes, I do. Did you know that Taxi Driver starred Tom Hanks? He's a great actor.
Taxi Driver is a Thriller. Paul Schrader also wrote The Republic of Love, which is a Thriller.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about Luis Suarez, but I do know he is a Uruguayan professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Barcelona.
Yes, he played for Liverpool. He is a midfielder as well.
Yes he is. Do you know who he plays for?
The New England Patriots are a professional football team based in England. Do you like football?
The Half-Blood Prince was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard.
That was the sixth book in the Harry Potter series. Have you read the whole Harry Potter series?
The Deathly Hallows was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
Yes, O Brother, Where Art Thou is written by John Green and is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
The movie is based on the true story of O Brother, Where Art Thou, a young adult film starring Ryan Gosling.
You're welcome! It was written by Joel Coen and stars O Brother, Where Art Thou.
You're welcome.
It was written by Tennessee Williams and is in the genre of Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
That's a great story. Tenessee Williams also wrote A Streetcar Named Desire and it was released in 1947.
The Glass Menagerie is a drama and was released in 1960. It was written in English and released in 1991.
Great! I'll add that to your list.
Yes, Hayao Miyazaki wrote The Two Towers and The Two Towers. Have you seen them?
I do not have information on that one, but I can tell you Hayao Miyazaki starred in a movie called Ponyo.
Sure, Yûki Amami also starred in The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded, and The Matrix Reloaded.
You're welcome.
Yes, Ma Long is a table tennis player from China. Do you like table tennis?
I don't know too much about table tennis but I know he is from China. Do you like table tennis?
I do not know where the Summer Olympics was. Do you know who the venue is?
I'm not much of a baseball fan but I do know they were the runner up in Super Bowl XLIII and Super Bowl XLIII.
I do not know much about them. I am more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan. Do you like them?
I do, I am more of a baseball fan. Do you like baseball?
I don't know much about them, I do know they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Are you a fan of them?
Not really. I'm more of a soccer fan. I'm more of a soccer fan. What about you?
I am a big soccer fan. My team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who's your favorite team?
It's too harsh for kids. It's more of a children's literature, but it is more of a children's literature.
Do you like horses and His Boy because it is a children's story?
You're welcome.
Yes, I love her! She's a great actress. She's written a lot of books. She's also written Twilight: A Story of Triumph and Forgiveness.
I am not sure about that one. But I can tell you she also starred in The Giver. Have you seen it?
I don't know anything else about her, but I do know she also starred in The Princess Diaries. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
She's a great writer. I'm not sure if she wrote anything else.
You're welcome!
Yes, Odd THomas stars Seth Rogen and Kate Beckinsale. Do you know them?
If you like Thrillers, you'll like Zoe's Tale, Xenocide, and Xenocide. Have you seen any of those?
I'm not sure who wrote Worth Dying For, but I can tell you it was a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Jane Austen wrote Sense and Sensibility. She also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
Pride and Prejudice is a Speculative fiction novel.
Certainly! It's a great satire. It was directed by David Ayer, who also directed Pride and Prejudice. It's considered a drama.
You're welcome!
Titanic stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like Leonardo DiCaprio?
Titanic was directed by James Cameron, who also directed Titanic. Have you seen any of his movies?
Yes, it was adapted from a book and a book adapted from a book adapted from a book adapted from a book called Divergent.
Veronica Roth also wrote Divergent. Have you read that one?
Me too! She starred in The Proposal and The Proposal. Have you seen them?
Yes, that was a great movie. Did you know Sandra Bullock also starred in The Proposal?
Genre Romance Film
You're welcome
Agatha Christie starred in both The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants and The Sworn Sword.
They Do it with Mirrors is a Mystery.
Yes, Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors and The Secret Adversary.
Yes, I do. She starred in The Special Relationship and The Queen. Have you seen either of those?
I have not seen that movie. Is it a Crime Fiction movie?
Ralph Fiennes is a great actor. She also starred in The Casual Vacancy. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he directed The Woo: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West
Red Cliff is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Other war films you may enjoy include World War Z, Where the Wild Things Are, and Wolverine.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Madagascar is a Thriller starring Scarlett Johansson, who also starred in The Matrix Reloaded. Do you like Thrillers?
It's a Thriller, similar to To Kill a Mockingbird and The Manchurian Candidate.
You're welcome!
Sure, he wrote and directed The Tempest. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure, but it is a horror film. Do you like horror?
Yep, he did. Shaun of the Dead is a movie starring Christian Bale. It's a psychological thriller.
I hope you enjoy!
Yes, he is a basketball player from the United States of America. Do you like basketball?
Yes, he is a basketball player from the Cleveland Cavaliers. Do you like basketball?
Yes, he plays for the Lakers. He is a point guard.
A Grief observed was written by C.S. Lewis and released in 1943.
He is a writer and author. He wrote The Little Friend, The Little Friend, and The Lady in the Lake.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I think he's a good tennis player, but I don't know much about him. What about you?
I don't know much about tennis, but I know he is from the United States of America
No I didn't know that. I am more of a tennis fan.
Oh, I didn't know that. That was a great place to visit. Did you know he was from London?
He is an author who wrote Fast Food Nation: The Dark Side of Everything: Beyond the Sea.
Yes, Walt Whitman is a writer and film director. He wrote and directed Fast Food Nation. Are you interested in his work?
It is considered children's literature. It is also considered children's literature.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls and The Skulls. Have you seen them?
Me too! You should check out The Skulls with Hill Harper
Yes, he was in Fast and the Furious as well. Do you like him?
I don't know when he passed, but he was very sad when he was a kid.
Peter Krause starred in The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded, and The Matrix Reloaded.
The Truman Show is a comedy-drama. Do you like comedies?
You're welcome.
Yes, he is an athlete that plays cricket for the Kolkata Knight Riders. Are you a fan?
Sure, Fannie Flagg wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you read that one yet?
Sure, it was released in 2005 and is a romantic comedy
I am not sure of any other psychological thrillers, but I can tell you Fannie Flagg starred in X-Men Origins
You're welcome!
Toy Story 3 is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like his movies?
Yes, Andy is a great actor. He starred in Toy Story 3 and it was released in 2014.
Toy Story 3 is a Thriller and it is starring Tom Hanks and it was released in 2014.
Do you like Memento because it's a thriller?
Memento is a thriller starring Matt Damon and is also a psychological thriller. Do you like those?
I'm not sure who starred in that movie, but Memento is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Jean M Auel wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
The Valley of Horses was released in 1891 and is a historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it was written by him and released in 1966.
You're welcome!
Yes, The Battle of the Labyrinth is written by Rick Riordan and is a Fantasy book. Do you like Fantasy books?
Rick Riordan also wrote The Battle of the Labyrinth. It is a speculative fiction.
Yes, he did. The Lost Hero was written by Rick Riordan as well.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a German football player?
I don't know much about him either. I don't know much about him either. Do you know who he is?
I don't know much about him, but I know he's a forward.
I am not a huge football fan but I do enjoy watching the Celtics win. How about you?
I don't know much about soccer but I do know she plays for the New England Patriots. Do you like soccer?
That was a great movie. I think you'd like to see it.
She wrote Pretty Little Liars, which is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, she is. She is a famous actress. She also wrote Little Liars which is also a teen drama
You're very welcome!
Yes, I do. It is a speculative fiction written by Robert A. Heinlein. Do you like that genre?
Yes, that is a great movie. It was written by Robert Mark Kamen and he also starred in A Christmas Carol.
Yes that is a great movie. She also starred in The Princess Diaries. Have you seen it?
Sure, I can do that for you.
You're welcome!
The Grapes of Wrath was written by John Steinbeck and is in the Fantasy genre. Do you like those genres?
It is a fiction book. Do you like fiction books?
The novel was published in 2005 and is in the Fiction genre. Do you like that genre?
She was born in London and plays tennis. She was born in London.
No, I don't know much about Chelsea, but I do know that it's in the United States of America.
Yes, they are part of a league and the goalie, Pepa.
They play in London, in the Premier League.
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know they're coached by Pete Carroll. Do you like them?
Michael Higgins wrote The Door to Door and The Invisible Man. Have you read either of those?
Sure, he wrote Radiance and Warbreaker. Have you read either of those?
Yes, he did write that one as well as The Hero of Radiance.
Yes, he also wrote The Hero of Ages which was released in 2008.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Zodiac is a Zodiac Thriller starring Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal. It's a Thriller.
He also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine. Have you seen that one?
You might also like the movie X-Men Origins: Wolverine. It's a great Thriller.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
X-Men Origins:Wolverine is a great movie he directed.
X-Men 2 stars Seth Rogen and Kristen Stewart. Are you a fan of them?
Yes, it is a psychological thriller and a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
I like Superhero thrillers, have you seen Shark Night? It's a great movie
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, that was a great movie. It was written by David Ayer and starred Matt Damon. Do you like his movies?
Yes, he also wrote The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen those?
You got it, I'll put on my list. Enjoy!
You're welcome!
Sure, Terry Gilliam directed Deadpool. Have you seen that one yet?
The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus is an adventure film directed by Terry Gilliam.
You're welcome
Have a great day!
The Lucky One is a romantic drama written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like romantic dramas?
Have you read The Wedding Date? It's a romantic comedy.
Sure! The Wedding was released in 2012 and The Guardian was written in English. It is a romantic drama.
Yes, it is. It was released in 2001 and is in the Romance genre.
You're welcome.
The Wolf of Wall Street stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Are you interested in movies starring Leonardo DiCaprio?
Mastering the Art of French Cooking was written by Robert A. Heinlein. It's also a non-fiction film.
You're welcome!
The Clan of the Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Chronicles of Narnia.
You might also enjoy The Chronicles of Narnia which is a Historical novel. It was also written by Robert Mark Kamen.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Callum Rennie starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and Urban Cowboy. Have you seen any of these?
eXistenZ is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Vladimir Nabokov. He also wrote Lolita.
It was written by Robert Louis Stevenson, who also wrote The Cuckoo's Calling.
You might enjoy the book When You Reach Me or the movie When You Reach Me.
Gillian Flynn wrote Dark Places and it was released in 2009 and is in the mystery genre. Do you like mysteries?
Sure, The Scar is written by J.K. Rowling and is a mystery novel.
The Theory of Everything was directed by Christopher Nolan. He also directed The Sum of All Fears.
Yes, he also directed Twilight. Have you seen that one?
The King is a horror movie starring James Marsh. Do you like horror films?
Total Recall is a Sci-Fi movie starring Tom Hardy. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Ronny Cox also starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Ronny Cox also starred in the movie A Bug's Life which is a comedy.
You're welcome.
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories?
Vanishing Acts is considered a horror novel. It's similar to Dracula.
I don't have that information, but I do know that it was released in 2014.
Brave was directed by Steven Spielberg and he also directed Brave 2. You might like the sequel Brave 2.
I'm not sure, but Brave was produced by Steven Spielberg. He also produced The Maze Runner.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He's a soccer player from Brazil and plays for Real Madrid. Do you like soccer?
I don't know too much about soccer but I do know that Marcelo Vieira is from Rio de Janeiro. Do you know him?
Yes, and Luis Fabiano also starred in The Incredible Hulk.
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in Unleashed and Unleashed. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, she also wrote The Shadows, which is a drama. Have you seen it?
It's a drama and a mystery. Do you like those kinds of movies?
You got it!
I don't know too much about him, but I know he is an athlete that plays cricket.
I don't know too much about it, I don't really know anything about it. I do know it is a Bollywood movie.
I don't know too much about cricket, but I do know that it is a sports team.
She wrote If You Take a Mouse to the Movies and If You Take a Mouse to the Movies. Have you read them?
Yes, it was released in 1985 and is a children's literature genre.
The book was released in 1985 and is in the Children's literature genre. Do you like childrens literature?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, Simone Elkeles is an author, she wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction.
Yes, Wild Cards is a copy in English and in German language. Would you like to hear more?
Perfect Chemistry is a great book! It was written in English and released in 2008.
Sure, Harold Ramis was in Stripes. He was also in The Fault in Our Stars.
I'm not sure, but Harold Ramis is in Stripes is a comedy.
Groundhog Day is a comedy movie. It is also in the comedy genre
Yes, he wrote The Time Traveler's Wife and The Time Traveler's Wife.
I don't know anything about Wither, but I can tell you it was written by Steve Jobs and it was released in 2011. Do you like the author or the genre?
You might also like the Harry Potter books she wrote called Wither. It was released in 2012.
Yes, Erin Morgenstern wrote The Night Circus. Have you read it?
Yes, The Last Song is written by Nicholas Sparks and is a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Nicholas Sparks also wrote True Believe. He also wrote Two By Two and The Two Towers.
It is a thriller and was released in 2012.
It is a thriller.
You're welcome.
The Dallas Cowboys is a great team! It's a great family movie. Do you like family movies?
I don't know much about the Cowboys, but I do know they are in the NFC South division.
Yes, the Cowboys wanted to make a little bit of an art collection.
Yes, he is an author and an actor. He starred in Jumbo and Slumdog Millionaire.
Yes, he was in Slumdog Millionaire. He also starred in Slumdog Millionaire. Have you seen it?
If you like horror films, you might also like The Road to El Dorado. It is a good movie.
Go Set A Watchman is similar to To Kill A Mockingbird.
Yes, both are written by Harper Lee.
You're welcome.
I think Saina Nehwal is a good badminton player. Do you like badminton?
I don't know much about Zlatan Ibrahimovi, but I know he's an athlete.
Yes, he's a tennis player. He's a forward and forward.
Adam Levine is a singer, songwriter, and songwriter. He starred in The Warrior's Way and The Other Woman.
Yes, she is. She's a singer, songwriter, and actress.
I don't know anything else about Bahati Prinsloo, who is a singer and a musician.
Kick Ass is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Thriller movies?
Kick-Ass is a Thriller and Drama.
Kick-Ass was directed by Nicolas Cage. He also directed and starred in A Bug's Life.
Yes Nicolas Cage starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which is a thriller.
The Sorcer's Apprentice is a drama and The Lord of War is a crime drama.
He directed The Sorcerer's Apprentice and Lord of War.
You're welcome!
Yes, he's a hip hop artist. Do you like hip hop?
Zakir Hussain is a good writer. I like him as a musician.
I don't know much about him, but I know he is a musician and a musician.
Do you like the movie because it is a thriller?
She's a great actress. She also starred in The Manchurian Candidate, and The Manchurian Candidate.
It's a thriller and a mystery. It was directed by Robert Mark Kamen.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, Gangs of New York is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
It's a Thriller, similar to Gangs of New York. Have you seen it?
It's a crime drama. Do you like those kinds of movies?
You're welcome.
The Greatgatsby was written by Patrick Rothfuss and is in the Fantasy genre. Do you like Fantasy?
I'm sorry, I don't have any other information.
Great choice. If you like Fiction, you might also like The Time Traveler's Wife. It is also in the same genre.
You're welcome.
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer is a children's literature written by Mark Twain. Do you like children's literature?
Sure, he wrote La sombra del viento, La sombra del viento, and La sombra del viento.
I don't have any information on that one, but I can tell you it was released in Spanish.
Yes, that was a great read. Hope you enjoy!
You're welcome.
Yes, Gaga is an English actress. She starred in The Muppets and The Muppets. Have you seen them?
I don't know when it was released, but I do know she is an actress
The Muppets is a comedy-drama film also starring Kate Beckinsale and Taylor Swift
The Muppets is a musical comedy. Do you like musicals?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver. Do you like them?
I don't know much about Lamar Jackson, but I do know that Lamar is from the United States.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy the show.
Do you like Spirit Bound because it is a paranormal romance or a paranormal romance?
I do! Other books in this genre include Wicked Lovely, Wildwood Dancing, Wildwood Dancing, and Wildwood Dancing. Have you read any of these?
The Fault in Our Stars was written by Richelle Mead as well as the Young-Adult Fiction genre.
I don't know any other books in that genre but I do know Richelle Mead wrote Paper Towns and Looking for Alaska.
Yes, it was written by Roald Dahl. Are you a fan of his work?
I don't have any information on other books by Lois Lowry, but I can tell you that it is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Giver is a speculative fiction.
Sure, Christopher Bigsby wrote The Crucible. Are you a fan of Christopher Bigsby?
He wrote The Crucible, which is a drama. Have you read it?
Do you like Moonrise Kingdom because it is a romance film?
I don't know of any other books by him, but I do know he was born in Los Angeles.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you she also starred in Wreck-It Ralph.
Sure, I'll add it now. Enjoy!
Yes, it was written by Quentin Tarantino. Do you like his work?
It's a crime fiction movie. It was directed by Roger Avary. It also stars Seth Rogen.
He also starred in The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it is a horror movie.
Yes, I love her movies. She starred in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Have you seen them?
She was also in the movie X-Men Origins:Wolverine.
You're welcome.
I do! She starred in The Muppets and The Muppets. Have you seen them?
I don't know too much about her music, but I do know she starred in Valentine's Day when she was younger.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you she has a lot of popular songs. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Colleen McCullough wrote The Thorn Birds and The First Man in Rome.
The Thorn Birds was released in 1595 and The First Man in Rome was written in 1595.
I don't know any other dramas, but Colleen McCullough also wrote The First Man in Rome. Have you read it?
Yes, Alison Doody starred in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade.
The Last Crusade was released in 1982 and the Last Crusade was released in 1982.
The Last Crusade also starred Matt Damon and was directed by David Ayer
You're welcome!
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets is a similar book
Have you read Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets? It is a great book.
You're welcome
Daphne du Maurier wrote Rebecca and Rebecca. Have you read them?
Rebecca was released in 1938 and is in the English language.
Yes, it was written in English.
Yes, he is a great author. He wrote The Thing and The One Minute Manager. Have you read them?
Yes, he was in Twilight Zone: The Muse. Martin Scorsese starred in The Muse. Did you know Martin Scorsese starred in The Muse?
Yes, I love Joe Pesci. He also starred in The Princess Diaries. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Have you seen Despicable Me 2? It's a great family movie.
Yes, he's great. Steve Carell also starred in the movie True Grit. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
Sure! Wilson Rawls wrote The Memory Keeper's Daughter. Have you read that one?
She has also written a series of novels such as The Mother Tongue: English and How It Got That Way. Have you read them?
You're welcome.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Terminator is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, Jeff Goldblum also starred in the movie A Bug's Life. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Gary Kubiak.
I don't know much about Patriots, but I do know they were runner ups in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
I didn't know that, but I do know that Tom Everett was on the team.
I think he is a great singer and songwriter. Do you know he acted in such films as Yellow Submarine?
I don't know any other songs by him, but I do know he is from the UK.
Ant-Man was written by Roberto Orci. He also starred in The Avengers.
Be Cool is a comic book and Bad Boys 2 is a comedy. Do you like comic books?
Then you might like The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor. It's a drama.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Pearl Harbor was a great movie. It was written by James Dashner and was released in 2012. Are you a fan of his work?
I don't know any other movies related to Pearl Harbor, but I can tell you more about it
Yes, that is a great movie. It was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets.
Yes there is a sequel
It was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a basketball player.
I don't know much about him, but I know he's a basketball player. Are you a basketball fan?
Yes, he does. He also starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which is a great movie.
I have not. Space Jam is a great movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, she wrote The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks and The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is a Science Fiction. Do you like Journalists?
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Denver Broncos are a professional football team based in Chicago, Illinois.
Packer is a football team and a football team.
I like football, but I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan.
Robert Duvall starred in The Lord of the Rings and The Lord of the Rings. Have you seen those?
It was written by Robert Duvall and stars Timothy Spall. Are you interested in other movies starring him?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is an athlete who is an athlete.
I am not sure if he used those but I do know he is an actor as well.
I don't know what else he is in, but I know he was married to Angelina Jolie Pitt.
Total Recall is a Sci-Fi movie starring Tom Cruise. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
You might enjoy The Maze Runner, The Maze Runner, and The Maze Runner. Have you seen those?
The Adjustment Bureau stars Robert Downey Jr. and Robert Downey Jr..
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie!
Yes, he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
Yes, he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints.
No, I haven't seen that one. I think I'll watch it.
Yes, I do. It was written by Paula Hawkins and is a young-adult fiction book. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes, it is
I don't know of any other novels by her but I do know she also wrote Vampire Academy
You are welcome
Divergent is a Young-adult fiction written by Divergent. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
It's Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Do you like the very hungry caterpillar because it is a satire or because it is a drama?
Yes he did. He was a great children's author. He also wrote The Little Friend.
Another great children's book is The Fault in Our Stars. Have you read that one?
Yes, he also wrote The Fault in Our Stars and The Handmaid's Tale.
Yes, he also wrote The Passage and The Invisible Man.
You're welcome.
Bruce Greenwood starred in The Republic of Love and The Republic of Love. Have you seen those?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he is a quarterback for the Green Bay Packers. Do you like him?
I don't know much about him except for the Green Bay Packers. Who is he?
Mike McCarthy also plays for the Green Bay Packers
Yes, she wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read either of these?
The Historian is a horror novel and The Swan Thieves is more of a thriller and suspense. Do you like that genre?
I don't have any information about that book but I can tell you more about The Historian.
You're welcome.
That is a great book written by James Dashner who also wrote Little Lord Fauntleroy. Have you read that one?
Yes, Winnie the Pooh is also a Children's literature written by John Hooh and is in the genre of Children's literature.
Yes, you are correct. I think you'll enjoy it.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about them, but I do know their coach is Jason Kidd. Do you know him?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he's a basketball player.
I don't know much about the Freak, but I do know it is a fantasy movie.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by J.K. Rowling.
Yes he did. Steven Kloves also wrote Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone.
I'm not sure, but I do know that Linkin Park is a member of the band Gone Girl. Do you like them?
Do you like The Road because it's a crime fiction?
The Road is a sequel to The Road, which is also post-Apocalyptic fiction. Have you read it?
Zoe's Tale was written by John Scalzi and released in 2011.
I'm not sure but I do know that he is a teacher.
Yes he does and he also wrote The Time Traveler's Wife.
You're welcome.
Yes, The Terminal is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks movies?
Have you seen Larry Crowne? Tom Hanks also starred in that movie.
The Green Mile is a Thriller, and starred Tom Hanks. You might also enjoy Larry Crowne.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
She's a singer, but I don't know much about her. Are you a fan of hers?
I am not a big fan of Saturday live. I am not a big fan of hers. Do you like Saturday Night Live?
I'm not a big fan of satire but i do like satire.
Yes, it's a satire show.
I don't have that information, but I do know that it was filmed in London.
Yes, she is a soccer player from the Manchester United F.C. team.
I don't know too much about him, but I do know he is a football player.
I didn't know that. I know she's an author and a musician.
I love her music. My favorite song is Your Love is My Drug. Have you heard of it?
I don't know much about her as a singer, but I do like her song Whenever, Wherever. Is she a singer?
Yeah, I like Yellow Submarine too. I'm a big fan of hers. What about you?
Yes, Beatrice Sparks wrote Go Ask Alice and Go Ask Alice.
Yes, it was. It was released in the early 1070's.
I'm not sure about that one, but I do know it was directed by Beatrice Sparks.
You're welcome!
Ray Bradbury is an American author who wrote The Martian Chronicles. Are you a fan of science fiction?
Yes, it is. Another example of speculative fiction is The Martian Chronicles.
I'm not sure, but it was written by Ray.
You're welcome!
You got it! Enjoy!
Yes, he directed Freakonomics. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure who starred in Freakonomics, but I can tell you it is a Thriller/Drama.
Cristiano Ronaldo plays for the Real Madrid C.F. and the Portugal national football team.
I don't know much about soccer, but I do know that he is a soccer player.
That's right! She's very popular in the U.S., but I'm more of a baseball fan.
Total Recall is a Sci-Fi movie starring Tom Cruise. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Absolutely! Arnold Schwarzenegger also stared in Arnold Schwarzenegger in Troy, which is a sci-fi thriller.
It's a great movie! It's also considered a comedy-drama and a comedy.
Yes, Ella Enchanted is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Ella Enchanted is a Drama/Fantasy
There is information about Ella Enchanted
You're welcome
Irwin kershner starred in The Scorch Trials and The Maze Runner.
The Return of a Man Called Horse is a great movie. It was written by J.K. Rowling, who also starred in Unleashed.
William Lucking also starred in The Return of a Man Called Horse.
He wrote Madame Bovary. Have you read that one?
It was released in 1856 and is in the Romance genre.
It was released in 1886 and is considered a classic.
I'm not sure but I can tell you it is a historical novel.
Law Abiding Citizen stars Kurt Vonnegut Jr. and Kate Beckinsale. Do you like their movies?
Yes, he was
No I have not. What genre are you looking for?
Heart of Darkness is written by Joseph Conrad and is in the Fiction genre.
The Portable Atheist is a book written by Theroux and The Secret Agent was written by Theroux.
Yes, it is. It's a audiobook written in English.
Peter pan is a great book written by J.M. Barrie. Have you read it?
The Boy Who Would Never Grow up was released in 1904 and is written by Michael Hague
No, there is no authors for this play.
It was written in English and released in 1904.
You're welcome.
She wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. Have you read that one?
I'm not sure, but they are more of a Gothic Fiction.
I'll do that right away.
Jeremy Tambling wrote a book called David Copperfield. Have you read it?
He also wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop.
You're welcome.
Blood Promise is written by Richelle Mead and stars Christian Bale. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes, it was written by Spirit Bound in the series.
I'm not sure but it was released in 2012 and is a fantasy.
You might also like Wildwood Dancing, Wildwood Dancing, or Wildwood Dancing.
Yes, he is a tennis player. He was born in Switzerland and played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
Yes, I am a huge fan of Serena Williams. I also enjoy watching the Olympics.
I haven't seen the rough streets of Compton but I do know they are a basketball team. Do you like soccer?
Yes, he is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Do you like basketball?
Yes, he is a basketball player from Detroit. He's a point guard.
I don't know too much about him, but I do know he is a basketball player.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was written by Steve Kloves, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Magicians by Lev Grossman is similar to Harry Potter
You are welcome
Yes, The Help was adapted into a movie starring Jennifer Lawrence. Are you a fan of hers?
Octavia Spencer is a very popular actress. She's also a voice actor and a voice actor.
Viola Davis also starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Joseph Kosinski directed The Maze Runner and The Maze Runner. Have you seen those?
Yes he did and he also directed and starred in the movie State Fair. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. He's a great actor. He's a great actor.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Did you know that Pat Conroy is an author who wrote The Prince of Tides and The Lord of the Rings?
Yes, Paul Mazursky is an author similar to Pat Conroy.
Flannery O'Conner is an author who wrote Notes on a Scandal.
Wise Blood is a speculative fiction
You're welcome.
She starred in the movie Aliens. Have you seen it?
Bill Paxton also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Tombstone also starred Robert De Niro and Robert De Niro. Do you like them?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen and is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards, Rules of Attraction, and Wild Cards.
Some of her most popular books are; Wildwood Dancing, Wildwood Dancing and Wildwood Dancing. Have you read any of these?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Paul Verhoeven starred in Zero Dark Thirty which is a horror film.
He also directed The Last Summer (of you and me).
Total Recall is a Psychological thriller starring Robert Duvall.
You're welcome.
Snow White and the Huntsman was written by Scott Kosar. It is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Snow White and the Huntsman was released in 2014. I think you'd like it.
I don't know much about Undertow but i do know that it was written by Stephenie Meyer and he is a Thriller.
Snow White and the Huntsman also starred in this movie as well.
Yes, Shiri Appleby starred in The Thirteenth Floor and also in The Last Samurai.
The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
You might also enjoy the Harry Potter movies, such as Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
It was written by Philip Pullman, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
Have a good day!
Yes, it was directed by Tom Cruise. Do you like Tom Cruise movies?
Yes, he did. It was written by Robert Mark Kamen. Are you a fan of his work?
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy The Proposal. It's a great movie.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
Total Recall is a Sci-Fi movie starring Tom Cruise. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
I am not sure who starred in Prometheus, but Prometheus is a Sci-Fi movie.
I am not sure, but I can tell you Sean Harris also starred in the movie True Recall.
You're welcome.
Yes, I agree. They are a great team in the National League East. Do you like baseball?
I don't know much about 2014, but I do know that they were the runner up in Super Bowl XLVIII.
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you do you like to watch?
The Equalizer is starring Denzel Washington and Michael Chernus. Do you like Denzel Washington?
Sure, Chole Grace Moretz also starred in The Pillars of the Earth, which is a Crime Fiction Film.
I don't know when it was released, but if you like psychological thrillers you might also like Shark Night.
You're welcome.
Yes, Ma Long is a table tennis player from China. Do you like table tennis?
Yes, he is from China. I believe he is from China.
Yes, and Zhang Ziyi also starred in The Hangover Part II. Have you seen it?
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer is similar to The Adventures of Tom Sawyer.
He also wrote The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, and The Adventures of Tom Sawyer.
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn was written by Mark Twain. He also wrote A Tale of Huckleberry Finn.
Sure, he wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, which is a fantasy novel. He also wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
You're welcome
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She also wrote Lord of War. Have you read that one?
Pride and Prejudice is one of her most popular novels.
Persuasion is a historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
The Hunt for Red October and movie was written by John Green
The genre is Science Fiction. It was released in 2012.
You're welcome.
Ben Stiller wrote and directed The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he is. He is hilarious in Zoolander. Did you know Owen Wilson starred in it?
Yes, Luke Wilson also starred in The Royal Tenenbaums. Have you seen that one?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I like her song Almost Every Day. Do you like her music?
I don't know too much about her but I do know she is friends with Selena Gomez.
Yes, that is a great movie. Did you know Black Snake Moan was written by James Patterson?
The Terminal is a drama starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
It was written by Liisa Garner and released in 2012. Do you like her work?
Yes, The Terminal is a comedy starring Tom Hanks. Do you like comedies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, he directed The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen those?
I don't know, but I do know it was a horror film.
The Towering Inferno is a great movie. It also stars Robert Downey Jr. and Kate Beckinsale.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Heart of Darkness was written by Joseph Conrad and is in the Fiction genre. Do you like the author or genre?
Robert Duvall is the author of that book.
Have you heard of The Very Hungry Caterpillar?
Holy Grail is a Thriller starring Tom Cruise. Do you like Thrillers?
It was released in 2003 and is a children's literature genre. Do you like children's literature?
It was written by William Shakespeare and released in 1939.
Yes, you are correct. The Adventure Genre is Adventure.
Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory is written by John Green
Yes, he is an athlete that plays for the Argentina national football team. Do you like him?
Yes, he plays for Barcelona. He's a great player.
Yes, Louis van Gaal is a wonderful person. I wonder if they're looking for another team.
Yes, he is the lead actor. He also starred in Larry Crowne.
Yes, he was the lead actor in The Fugitive. Have you seen it?
I'll do that right away.
He directed The Perks of Being a Wallflower and The Perks of Being a Wallflower. Have you seen any of those?
The Perks of Being a Walflower stars Seth Rogen and Stephen Chbosky.
Yes, she was. She also starred in A Bug's Life.
I'm not sure, but he did direct The Perks of Being a Walflower.
You're welcome.
Yes, it's a Vampire written by Gary Paulsen and stars Morgan Freeman. Do you like his movies?
Tom Cruise also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine.
Andres Iniesta is a player on the Spain national football team.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Magic Johnson. Do you like them?
I don't know too much about them, but I do know they are a football team.
Yes, they were runner ups in the 2010 World Series. Who is your favorite player?
I don't know much about the world series but I do know they are a runner up in Super Bowl XLI.
The Devil Wears Prada was written by Anne Tyler who also wrote The Dark Knight Rises. Have you read that one?
Aline Brosh also wrote The Time Traveler's Wife and The Time Traveler's Wife.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, he starred in The Matrix Revisited and The Mother Tongue: English and How It Got That Way. Have you seen them?
Yes, and Laurie Metcalf starred in Treasure Planet. Do you like family movies?
The Legend of Zorro is a horror movie. Do you like horror movies?
William Friedkin wrote the Hunted and starred in the movie The Time Traveler's Wife
It is a psychological thriller.
I'm not sure if he acted, but he also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, which is a thriller.
You're welcome!
Yes, she wrote The Good Earth and The Good Earth. Have you read them?
Yes, it is. Do you like Romance?
Yes, it is. It is also a comedy.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Gary Kubiak.
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you do you like?
I do enjoy tennis. What about you do you like to watch?
Jonathan Dayton directed Little Lord Fauntleroy, have you seen it?
He also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
Yes, he is a great actor. Some of the actors in that movie are Larry Crowne and Johnny Depp. Have you seen them?
Alan Arkin also starred in A Bug's Life. Have you seen that one?
Yes, she is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Maria Sharapova is currently ranked world No. 40 in the WTA tour.
You're welcome.
He wrote Oliver Oliver Relin, have you read that one?
Ralph Steadman is an actor who starred in The Wolverine. Have you seen it?
I don't know anything else about Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, but I do know he was a teacher.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Ella Enchanted is a great children's literature written by her. Do you like children's literature?
Yes, she also wrote The Two Princesses of Bamarre and Ella Enchanted.
Yes, it is a Fantasy novel, do you like Fantasy genre?
Tombs of Atuan is a fantasy novel written by Gail Carson Levine and was released in 2011.
I don't know much about them, I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. Do you like them?
I remember when he was drafted by the Seahawks but I don't know much about him.
I don't know if he is a free agent but if he is a free agent.
Yes, Sergio Agüero is a soccer player from Argentina and plays for the Argentina National Football team. Do you like soccer?
He plays for the Argentina National Football team. I don't know much about him.
I agree. He's a good player. He's a forward.
Do you like books written by Jeff Kinney?
Yes, it is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You're welcome enjoy!
Apocalypto is written by Francis Ford Coppola and is a historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
He also wrote Apocalypto, which is a horror film. Do you like horror?
It is a historical period drama and was directed by Christo Jivkov. It is a very popular movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Divergent is a Thriller starring Kate Beckinsale and Kate Beckinsale.
Veronica Roth wrote Divergent and she also wrote Divergent.
You're welcome
Yes, Veronica Roth wrote Allegiant and was released in 2011.
Yes, it was written by J.K. Rowling and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
I don't know any other books she wrote, but I do know that she is a teacher.
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Do you like Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone because it is a fantasy movie?
The Golden Compass is a great fantasy movie. Then you might also like Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Philip Pullman wrote the movie, and he also starred in The Matrix Reloaded.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Renny starred in Cuttroat Island and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Long Kiss Goodnight.
I don't know who else starred in it, but he is a great actor.
You're welcome.
Yes, I like her music. She composed You Lost Me and Wild Ones. Have you heard of them?
I like Shakira more tho. She's a great singer. She's also a singer and a singer.
Yeah, he's a great singer. Did you know he starred in a movie called Valentine's Day?
It was written by Jodi Picoult, who also wrote The Girl Next Door. Have you read it?
Me Before You was written by Quentin Tarantino. He also wrote The Sworn Sword.
I do not have that information, but I can tell you it was written by Francis Ford Coppola.
I don't know much about her, but I do know she's a tennis player. She's a great tennis player.
I agree. She's a great athlete as well.
I agree. Do you have a favorite tennis player?
I'm not a huge basketball fan but I do know they're in the NFC East. Do you like them?
Oh yea he is a good player
Hoop Dreams is a great actor. I like him as a basketball player.
Yes, Gareth Bale is a football player from Wales. He plays for the Wales National football team.
I do. I am a big fan of Manchester United F.C. and the Manchester United F.C. team. Do you like any other sports?
It is a great movie. I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, he wrote The Water is Wide, The Prince of Tides, and The Prince of Tides. Have you read any of those?
The Water is Wide is a Drama
The Water is Wide
You're welcome
The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. Do you like the author or the genre?
Fear Nothing was written by Anthony Heald, who also wrote The Son of Neptune.
I'm not sure but it is a horror.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it is a great book written by Mickey Knox. Do you like Mickey Knox books?
It was written and directed by Sergio Leone. It was also turned into a movie. Have you seen it?
Sure! The Good, the Bad and the Ugly is a Thriller and was written by Tony Gilroy. It's more of a Action/Adventure Film.
It was written by Cassandra Clare and starred Scarlett Johansson. Do you like crime fiction?
If you like drama, you might also enjoy The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded, and The Matrix Reloaded.
The Manchurian Candidate was written by Robert Mark Kamen and released in 2012. It's considered a drama.
Yes, the Manchurian Candidate was actually released in 2012. It's a thriller and a drama.
The Revenant is a horror movie starring Tom Hardy. Do you like horror films?
Yes, he is a singer, songwriter, and a musician. He was born in Houston and he is also a musician.
Yes, he is a DJ. He is also a musician and a musician.
I think he's a good athlete but I don't know much about him. Are you a fan of his?
I like tennis. What about you do you know about Serena Williams?
I don't know too much about tennis but I do know he is from Constanta.
Sure, she wrote The One Minute Manager and The One Minute Manager. Have you read either of those?
I'm not sure but Seven Years to Sin is fiction
You're welcome
Rob Riggle starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys. Have you seen them?
I don't know anything about her, but I do know she is a singer like Lady Gaga. Do you like her?
I don't know much about her, but I do know she's friends with Taylor Swift and Taylor Swift.
I like Sia Furler, but I don't know much about her. I do like Sia Furler. I'm more of a singer like Selena Gomez
I don't know much about her. I don't know much about her. I don't really know anything about her. I do like her music.
Yes, Virat Kohli is an Indian international cricketer. Do you like cricket?
I don't know much about cricket but I know he is a professional boxer.
Yeah, he was in Remember the Titans. He's a great actor.
Bob Peck starred in Jurassic Park and Jurassic Park. Have you seen those?
Yes, Bill Paxton starred in Sense of Snow as a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, that was a great movie. Kevin Costner also starred in X-Men Origins and World War Z.
Yes, it was released in 1989 as a Sci-Fi/Horror.
Do you like Fantasy movies?
The Hobbitt: An Unexpected Journey is a fantasy movie starring Aidan Turner. Would you like to watch it?
It's a great movie. It's a Thriller and was released in 2004. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he is. Kevin Zegers also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
You're welcome.
Can You Keep a Secret is written by Sophie Kinsella and was released in 2003.
She also wrote Wedding Night and Twenties Girl
She has a lot of good dramas. You might like The Wedding Dates, Wedding Belles, Wedding Belles, Wedding Belles and Wedding Belles.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
You're welcome. Have a good day.
Ravichandran Ashwin is an Indian international cricketer. Do you like cricket?
I'm not a cricket fan but I do know he plays cricket. Do you like it?
I'm more of a baseball fan, but I'm more of a baseball fan.
It was written by Gillian Flynn and released in 2006. Do you like suspense or mystery genres?
She has not written anything else by her, but you might like The Girl Next Door or The Girl Next Door.
I'm not sure about that one, but it was released in 2014.
Sure! Dominic Copper starred in The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded, and The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen any of these?
Yes, Mamma Mia is a Thriller and a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Hugh Jackman also starred in it as well. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
Yes, I believe she is a singer like Lady Gaga. Do you like her?
The Chicago Cubs are a professional baseball team based in Chicago, Illinois. Do you like baseball?
They're in the National League East, but I'm more of a baseball fan. Who's your favorite team?
No, I haven't. I'll have to go there. Thanks for the info!
I don't know much about Aaron Rodgers. What's your favorite team?
I'm not sure, but I do know that it's a football movie.
Yes, Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger. Have you read it?
Wayside School is Falling Down is one of Louis Sachar's novels that are popular are you familiar with that one?
Wayside School is Falling Down is more of a children's literature genre.
I don't know Phil Mickelson, but Phil Mickelson is a top golfer. He won the 2010 Masters Tournament.
I don't know much about golf but I do know Phil Mickelson is a celebrity friend to Ty Mickelson.
Yes, Entourage is more lighter and falls into the drama genre. It's more of a drama.
We bought a Zoo is a great movie. I think you will enjoy it.
The Time Machine and The Invisible Man is one of the books written by H.G Wells.
The Time Machine was released in 1960 and also The Invisible Man was released in 1960.
I have not, but I will add it to my watch list. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
A Space Odyssey is a Sci-Fi movie starring James Lennon who also starred in A Space Odyssey.
Yes, he is a basketball player. He plays point guard for the Houston Rockets. Do you like him?
I don't know much about her, but I do know she is a basketball player.
You're welcome. Have a good day.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by George Steinbrenner.
I don't know much about the Yankees, but I do know they are owned by George Steinbrenner.
I don't know too much about baseball, but I do know that the New York Yankees are owned by John York and John York.
Psycho is a Psychological thriller written by Neil Gaiman. Are you a fan of his?
Psycho is a slasher movie starring Matt Damon and Michael Caine. Do you like any particular genre?
He's been around for a long time. He's been around for a long time.
I don't know much about soccer, but I do know they are coached by David Beckham.
Yes, he's. He's a good businessperson. Do you know who he is?
I don't know much about them, but they're owned by Lovie Smith.
Rocky was written by Sylvester Stallone. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Sure, he also starred in The Princess and the Frog. Have you seen that one?
Creed is a horror movie starring Ryan Gosling. Do you like horror movies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Michael Crichton wrote Michael Crichton and he also wrote The Last Samurai.
The Great Train Robbery is a Thriller and Drama. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Orlando Bloom starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine. It's a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
I am not sure, but I can tell you it is starring Michael Caine
He also starred in X-Men 2 a horror movie
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen and is in the Fantasy genre.
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
I don't know of any other satire books, but I can recommend some other satire books if you like.
The Time Machine was written by Jane Austen and the Invisible Man was written by William Shakespeare.
Sure, he directed Jurassic Park, which is a Thriller and was written by Robert Mark Kamen
Jurrasic World is an action film. Do you like Omar Sy?
You might like Shark Night, starring Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee.
You're welcome.
Eric Stoltz starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
It's a great movie. I think you'd like it. She also starred in The Matrix Reloaded.
Yes, it is. Do you like dramas?
That was a great movie! It was written by Jonathan Kellerman. It is a Historical period drama.
The Dallas Cowboys are a professional football team based in the United States. Do you like football?
I don't have that information, but they are coached by Jerry Jones.
There are 3 teams in the AFC East, as well as the Dallas Cowboys.
Irwin kershner directed The Scorch Trials and The Maze Runner. Have you seen those?
Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back is a Sci-Fi/Action/Drama that was released in 2011. Would you like to hear more about those?
It's a Thriller/Drama starring Sean Connery.
Gillian Flynn, who wrote Dark Places. Are you a fan of hers?
Gillian Flynn also wrote Dark Places, which is a Psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
I don't know any other authors, but Gillian Flynn is a writer.
Yes, I agree. He is a great writer.
Yes, I do. The Scar and Embassytown is a great Sci-Fi book.
Great, have a good day!
Ravichandran Ashwin is a cricket player from India. Do you like cricket?
I don't know too much about him, but I know he's from India. Is he a cricket player?
I'm not a huge cricket fan but I'm more of a cricket fan. Do you like cricket?
I have. I've been to a long time but I'm not sure if I've been to a live game. Do you like any other sports?
I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
You too!
I know they are a basketball team in the Western Conference. Do you like basketball?
Looper is a comedy and a drama. Do you like comedies?
Have you seen Warlock? It's a thriller starring Rob Lowe.
Yes, it is. It's a zombie movie. I think you'll enjoy it.
It's a great movie. You might also like the movie X-Men Origins: Wolverine. It's a great movie.
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like Leonardo DiCaprio?
You might also enjoy The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. It was released in 1817.
Erich Maria Remarque wrote Im Westen nichts Neues and Drei Kameraden. Are you a German author?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it was released in 2005 and is in English.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you the story is in English.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I think she's a good tennis player, but I don't know much about her. What do you think?
I don't know much about her but I do know she is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I don't know much about tennis, but I do know she is from the United States of America.
Yes I do. I am a big fan of Serena Williams.
I am not a big fan of fashion but I do like to watch it.
Yes, it was written by Tennessee Williams and stars Christian Bale and is a drama. Do you like drama?
Tennessee Williams also wrote The Glass Menagerie.
He also wrote The Glass Menagerie
You are welcome
In the Woods was written by Tana French and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The novel is speculative fiction and science fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
I know a little about him, I know he's an author who wrote The Fault in Our Stars. Are you familiar with that book?
He's been around for a long time. He's been around for a long time. He's been around a long time. He's been around a long time.
I don't know who the lead actor is, but I do know it was released in 2005.
I don't know any other movie with him, but I do know he was born in Los Angeles
You're welcome
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer and Mike Zimmer.
The Vikings are 2nd in the NFC North. Do you follow any other teams in the NFC North?
My husband is a Packers fan. My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks. Do you have a favorite team?
Andrew Garfield starred in We Bought a Zoo and The Lord of the Rings series. Have you seen those?
The Social Network stars Steve Buscemi and Steve Buscemi
Social Network is a biographical film
The Social Network was directed by Andrew Garfield and released in 2011.
2010 is a genre of Thriller, Comedy, Drama, and Comedy.
2010 is a Thriller and stars Jennifer Lawrence. Are you a fan of hers?
You too!
Ang Lee starred in Hollywood Chinese and The Ice Storm. Have you seen any of these?
That is correct. Did you know Tobey Maguire starred in The Ice Storm?
Sure, he also wrote The Ice Storm and the sequel Ice Storm.
Yes, Brisingr is written by Christopher Paolini and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that it is a young-adult fiction.
You're welcome!
Throne of Glass was written by Sarah J Maas and was released in 2012. She also wrote The Assassin and the Desert.
Yes, it was released in 2014. She also wrote The Assassin's Blade.
Sounds like a good read! Enjoy!
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it was released in 1817.
Yes, I have. It was released in 1817 and is in the Romance genre. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Saina Nehwal is a professional badminton player from India. Are you a fan?
I don't know any other players like her, but I do know she was born in Mumbai and played in the Indian Premier League.
I'm not sure where the Commonwealth Games played. But I do know she was born in India.
It's a self-help book. Do you like self-help books?
Martin McDonagh directed Seven Psychopaths and Seven Psychopaths.
Yes, he was. He was a scientist and a scientist.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information about Jorge Luis Borges. Can I help you with anything else?
Robin Williams starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and V for Vendetta. Have you seen those?
You might also enjoy The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. It's a family movie.
We Bought A Zoo is a great family movie. It was written and directed by David Ayer. It is also a comedy.
I'll do that right away.
Homer wrote The Simpsons and also wrote The Day After Tomorrow. Have you read them?
The Iliad and the Odyssey was written by Christopher Bigsby. You might also like The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you read that one?
I'm not sure about Beowulf, but it's similar to The Iliad.
I don't know much about them, I'm more of a Carolina Panthers fan. Are you a football fan?
I'm not sure, but I know they were runner ups in Super Bowl XLVIII and Super Bowl XVIII.
I am not sure about that. I do know they are part of the NFC South division.
The Proposal is written by Sandra Bullock and stars Sandra Bullock. Do you like her work?
Sandra Bullock starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, X-Men: Days of Future Past, and many more
The proposal is a comedy-drama and Gravity is a suspense starring Sandra Bullock.
Tom Clancy wrote The Sum of All Fears, The Sum of All Fears and The Sum of All Fears.
Yes it is. It was released in 2011.
Yes it was. Have you read any of his books?
The New York Rangers is a professional basketball team based in Chicago, Illinois
Mike Woodson owns the team and where they play
I am not sure but I do know they are a basketball team
You are welcome
In Bruges was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Tom Cruise. Are you a fan of Tom Cruise?
Colin Farrell starred in The Proposal, which is a crime fiction film.
I'm not sure, but I do know that Colin Farrell starred in a movie called Seven Psychopaths. Would you like to hear about that?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Denver Broncos are a professional football team based in Denver, Pennsylvania.
John Fox is the coach. Are you a fan of the National Football Conference?
Yes, it is a great movie starring Vin Diesel. Do you like Vin Diesel movies?
Yes, I do. It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he was. He was also in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
Enjoy the movie!
Hunger Games was written by Michael Grant and released in 2009. Have you seen it?
Yes, the movie is based on the book and the movie is based on the book.
Great, I will add it to your read list.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he's a professional golfer from Dallas. Do you like golf?
Yeah, he's from Dallas. I'm not sure if he's a sport team. I don't know much about him.
Yes, it is. I'm not sure if it is. I'm more of a soccer fan.
Yes, I am. She's a great author. She wrote I Know Why the Cuckoo's Calling. Have you read it?
Yea, I'm not sure of any other poems. But I do know she is a poet.
I don't know when it came out, but I do know that it was written by William Steig.
Of course! I hope you enjoy!
Yes, he wrote она и мир and н was released in 1869.
James Franco is an American professional footballer who plays as a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics. Are you a fan?
This is the End is a comedy-drama film that was released in 2011.
This is the End is a comedy-drama.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a soccer player from Brazil. Do you like soccer?
I am not a big soccer fan but I do know that he's a forward. Do you like him?
I have not seen that one, but I'm a big fan of that movie. It's a comedy.
Doctor Zhivago is a great movie. Did you see it? It's a Thriller.
It was written by Rick Riordan and is a young-adult fiction book. Do you like young adult fiction?
He also wrote The Sea of Monsters and The Sea of Monsters.
Yes, it was also written by Rick Riordan as well as The Assassin's Blade
Mary Ann Shaffer wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
Mary Ann Shaffer wrote Juliet. She also wrote The Sworn Sword
Mary Ann Shaffer wrote Mary Ann Shaffer
I know he's a basketball player. He plays point guard for the Denver Nuggets. Do you like basketball?
Ray Bradbury wrote The Martian Chronicles and The Illustrated Man. Have you read them?
I'm not sure but I can tell you more romance novels like Fahrenheit 451. Have you read The Martian Chronicles?
I do not know when it was released, but I do know it was written by Ray Bradbury
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him, but I know he's a soccer player from Chile right?
Yes, she's a professional golfer from Dallas. Do you like golf?
Haha, I love that movie. It was written by Adam Sandler and stars Adam Sandler. Have you seen it?
I like Rob Schneider too. He's a great actor. He's a great actor.
Yes, you're right. I loved that movie. It's a romantic comedy.
Joe Morton starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and the Half-Blood Prince
What Lies Beneath is also a Thriller and was written by Robert Mark Kamen. Do you like Thrillers?
Total Recall is a great action movie. Would you like me to add it to your favorites?
You're welcome.
Yes, Saina Nehwal is a professional badminton player from India. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure, but I know Saina Nehwal is from India.
Yes, he is. Do you know who he is?
Do you like Thor because it's a Sci-Fi movie?
Thor starred Robert Downey Jr, Chris Hemsworth, Chris Hemsworth and Chris Hemsworth.
Robert Downey Jr. is a great actor. He starred in many movies such as The Incredible Hulk, The Avengers, and The Avengers.
Thor is a great movie starring Robert Downey Jr.. He also starred in The Incredible Hulk and The Avengers.
Eric Brees wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror. Have you read them?
I don't know of any thriller movies, but Eric Brees wrote and directed The Final Destination 2 which is a psychological thriller.
The Butterfly Effect was written and directed by Eric Brees. It is a horror film. Do you like horror films?
William Lee Scott also starred in The Dark Knight Rises, The Skulls, and The Thin Red Line.
October Sky is a Thriller/Drama that was released in 2001.
You're welcome.
Yes, she is a great singer and actress. She has also starred in a movie called Crossroads and Crossroads.
I'm not sure who else starred in it, but I can tell you it is a comedy-drama.
You're welcome.
Sure, he directed a lot of movies. He also directed X-Men: First Class, X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: Apocalypse.
Sure, Pencil 300 is a Psychological thriller and Ink 300 is a psychological thriller.
300 starred Seth Rogen, Phyllis D'Onofrio, and Phyllida Law.
300 starred Michael Fassbender and Michael Fassbender.
Yes, I like Kill Bill: Vol. 1 and Kill Bill: Vol. 1 are my favorites. Is there a specific genre you are looking for?
It's a horror film starring Shia LaBeouf and Jada Pinkett Smith. Do you like horror films?
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote the book Persuasion.
Yes, she did write Persuasion. She also wrote Pride and Prejudice.
You are correct. I think you'd enjoy it.
Clockwork Angel is written by Cassandra Clare. It's a young-adult fiction book. Do you like young adult fiction?
She has also written The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones, City of Ashes: City of Glass, and City of Glass.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you more about the genre.
Tom Cruise starred in Mission Impossible: Impossible - Rogue Nation. He also starred in Mission Mission Impossible.
Yes he was and he also starred in The Last Samurai.
Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder and he also starred in The Last Samurai.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about them, I am more of a Packers fan. Are you a Packers fan?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
I'm not a huge football fan but I do like the Dallas Cowboys. What about you?
Yes, My Sister's Keeper is written by Jodi Picoult. Do you like the author or the genre?
There is a similar book called Where There's Smoke, which is also a fiction book.
No, I'm not a huge Crime Fiction fan but I do know there's a sequel to Where There's Smoke.
I don't watch soccer, but I know he plays for the Germany national football team.
I don't know much about soccer, I don't know much about the sport. I'm more of a baseball fan.
I do too! It's such a fun sport to watch.
She wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants and The Last Anniversary. Have you read either of those?
The Sweet Far Thing is Children's Literature and The Diviners is Fiction.
I'm sorry, I don't have anything else in that genre right now.
Yes Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Z no shmetsu. Do you know them?
Yes, Milan Kundera is a Polish writer, poet, and playwright. Are you a fan of his?
You are welcome. Have a good day.
Yes, he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
Drew Brees also plays for the New Orleans Pelicans. Do you know him?
You're welcome!
Yes, she's a professional golfer from Honolulu.
Yes, there is a movie called Omega SA which is a young adult film.
Wow, I didn't know that. What do you know about her?
Mike Starr starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen those?
It's a great movie. It also starred Jason Bateman and Michael Caine. Have you seen it?
Yes, it was released in 1994 and also starred Robert Duvall and Rob Lowe.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he's a good singer. Did you know he starred in a few movies?
I don't know too much about him. I know he's a singer, but he was also a musician.
I'm not sure, but I know he's married to Hayden Panettiere.
Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Fantasy is a good fantasy movie. Another fantasy movie is The Maze Runner. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure if there's anything else I can help you with, but I can recommend The Wolverine, which is more of a Fantasy/Adventure.
Yes, she wrote The Ship of Brides and The One Plus One. Have you read them?
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a children's literature written by William Shakespeare. Do you like children's literature?
I have not read that one, but I know it was released in 2001.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
I agree. He's a great tennis player. He's also a point guard for the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer. What about you?
I don't know too much about Serena. I know Marat Safin is a tennis player.
You're welcome!
Sure, he wrote The Crucible and The Return of Sherlock Holmes. Have you read those?
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was released in 1895. It's genre is fiction.
Cool, I'll add Yellow Wallpaper to your list.
Philip Pullman wrote The Subtle Knife and The Subtle Knife.
Have you heard of Philip Pullman? He wrote Xenocide.
You're welcome.
I have not, but I know it was written by Dan Brown and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I don't know any other books by her but it was released in 2011.
Free Four: The Son is a fantasy novel released in 2011. It was written in 2011.
You're welcome.
Yes, I do. She's a great singer. She sings a bunch of different types of songs. My favorite is A Thousand Years and Lovestrong. Do you like her?
I don't know a whole lot about her, but I do know she sings a thousand years. Do you know who she is?
Yes, she's a singer and a song writer. Do you like her?
Do you like Thor because it's a Thor movie?
I'm not sure, but he starred in The Last Samurai. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, he wrote Where the Wild Things Are and Where the Wild Things Are. Have you read those?
Where There's Smoke was released in 2015. She also wrote The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner. Have you read that one?
Where There's Smoke is a Fictional novel.
Yes, he is a soccer player from Brazil and plays for Real Madrid and the Brazil national team.
I do like American football, but I don't know much about it. Who is your favorite player?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
The Cleveland Browns are a professional football team based in Cleveland, Illinois. Do you like football?
I don't know much about him but I do know he is a basketball player. I'm more of a baseball fan.
I don't know much about him, but I do know that he is from the United States.
Peter Weir directed The Truman Show and The Truman Show. Have you seen them?
Yes, he also directed Witness. It is a drama/drama that you might like.
Yes, she is a great actress. She starred in Spring Breakers and The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants.
I have never heard of that one, what is it about?
Number the Stars is a speculative fiction book and the genre is fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Lois Lowry also wrote The Sum of All Fears, which is also Speculative Fiction.
Yes, Xenocide is considered a Speculative fiction. It is also considered a Fantasy.
You're welcome. Have a good day.
You're welcome.
Yes, Rosemary Wells is an author who wrote Charlotte's Web
Yes, it was. It was directed by Frank Darabont. It was also a play.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Bradly Cooper starred in The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen any of these?
I don't know a whole lot but if you like comedy you might like The Running Man or The Last Summer (of You and Me)
Submarine is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
He also starred in The Lorax, which is a comedy.
You're welcome!
Sure, that was written by Douglas Adams. Are you interested in other books by him?
Sure! Douglas Adams wrote The Restaurant at the End of the Universe, which is a great book.
The Restaurant at the End of the Universe was written by Douglas Adams and was released in 2008. Would you like to hear more about this book?
The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul is a novel written by Douglas Adams and was released in 2008. Would you like to hear more about that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about BTS, but I do know they are a Korean boy band. Do you like them?
They are very similar to Nsync and Backstreet Boys. Do you know who they are?
I'm not really a fan of their music but I do like their music. I am more of a rock person. Do you like them?
The Baltimore Ravens are a professional football team based in Baltimore, Maryland. Do you like football?
Yes, he is. He's a good linebacker. He won the Super Bowl XLI as well.
I'm more of a baseball fan, but I'm more of a baseball fan.
Sure, do you like Sci-Fi movies?
You might like World War Z or X-Men Origins.
You're welcome.
L.A. Confidential is a thriller starring Matt Damon and was released in 2006. Do you like thrillers?
L.A. Confidential is a Thriller. Other Thrillers include X-Men Origins and World War Z. Have you seen those?
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy!
Taxi Driver is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. Are you a fan of that actor?
Yes, Meet the Parents is a drama and a comedy. Meet the Parents is a comedy.
Yes, that is a great movie. Denzel Washington also starred in A Bug's Life. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Djimon Hounsou starred in Unlawful Entry and The Vatican Tapes
Yes, and Rufus Sewell also starred in The Skulls. Have you seen that one?
She also starred in Shooting the Past. Have you seen that one?
The Pianist is a horror film starring Robert Downey Jr.. who also starred in Shooting the Past.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about her but I do know she is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
No, I didn't know that. What genre are you looking for?
That was a good one. It also starred Seth Rogen and Angelina Jolie Pitt.
I don't know where Serena is, but I do know that Serena is a daughter.
Yes, he directed The Sworn Sword. Have you seen it?
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Neil Burger directed Interview with the Assassin. It's a suspense film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Fault in Our Stars was written by John Green, who also wrote Paper Towns and Looking for Alaska.
Have you read Shark Night? It is a Thriller. It was written by James Dashner.
It was written by Sylvester Stallone and was released in 2012.
I'll do that.
Sure! Do you like the genre because it is written by Natalie Portman or because it is a suspense?
Broken Silence was released in 2004. It is a Thriller/Drama.
You're welcome.
Sure, do you like books written by Lauren Oliver or do you like her genre?
Pandemonium is in the speculative fiction genre. Other books in that genre include Zoe's Tale and Zoe's Tale.
I'm not sure who wrote that one, but I do know that it was released in 2001.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I love her music. Did you know she starred in a couple of movies?
Yes, it's a romance novel. Do you like those kinds of music?
Yes, they were together in a relationship with Madonna. I'm not sure about that.
Yes she was in that one. She's a great actress. She's also been in the movie Valentine's Day.
That's a good one. I think you'd enjoy it.
That was a great movie. It was written by Joel Coen and stars Seth Rogen. Are you a fan of his work?
I don't have that information, but John Malkovich also starred in X-Men 2. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome.
It was written by Henning Koch and released in 2012.
Yes, it is in English and released in English.
Yes, henning Koch also wrote The Maggot People and The Maggot People.
Sure, he has written many books, including Where the Wild Things Are and The Fault in Our Stars. Have you read any of those?
Zoo is a great book written by James Patterson. It was released in 2000.
Nothing from Agatha Christie is a Thriller/Fantasy
Do you like Forrest Gump because it stars Tom Hanks or because Tom Hanks?
Tom Hanks also starred in Larry Crowne. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure who directed it, but it was directed by Tom Hanks.
You're welcome!
Darren Aronofsky wrote and starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
It was written and directed by Darren Aronofsky and stars Evan Rachel Wood
Requiem of a Dreams starred Matt Damon and it also starred Robert Duvall
Yes, Francis Ford Coppola directed The Godfather and The Chronicles of Riddick.
Apocalypse Now stars Jared Leto, Michelle Pfeiffer and Michelle Pfeiffer. Do you like Sci Fi movies?
It's considered a drama and a biography.
Mr and Mrs Smith is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Date Night is a thriller and drama. Do you like thrillers?
You might like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee and Katharine McPhee.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Yes, she wrote The Pillars of the Earth and The Sweeney. Have you read either of those?
Eddie Redmayne also starred in The Pillars of the Earth, which is a romantic comedy.
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver. Do you like them?
I don't know much about football but I do like American Football. Who's your favorite team?
Yes, he's a good guy. I like him too. Who's your favorite player?
Mad Max Fury Road is a Sci-Fi movie starring Tom Hardy, Richard Portnow and Bill Murray. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, Zo Kravitz also starred in Mad Max Fury Road and he also starred in Mad Max: Fury Road.
Yes, Aquaman is from the United States of America and he is from the United States of America.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you Nicky Kravitz is from the United States of America.
You're welcome.
E Lockhart wrote We Were Watching God. Have you read that one?
It was released in 2005 and is a speculative fiction.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that one.
You're welcome!
Do you like it because it's a Thriller or because it's a Thriller?
It's a young-adult fiction book. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes, it is. It's also a film and a film.
Yes, it's a foreign film. It's also a film based on the book of the book.
I'll add it now.
Yes, Gareth Bale is a football player from Wales. He plays for the Wales National football team.
I don't know if he is a forward but he plays for the Wales National Football team.
I didn't know that. I know he's from Wales.
Sia Furler is a singer, songwriter, and musician. She starred in The Muppets and The Muppets.
I like her music, but I don't know much about her other than that she sings, do you like her music?
I don't know much about her music, but I do know she's married to Hayden Panettiere.
Yes, Misery is a Young-adult fiction written by James Dashner. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
I have not, but if you like psychological thrillers you might like Shark Night. Have you seen that one?
Yes, I do. Anthony Hopkins also starred in True Lies. Have you seen that one?
Emily Griffin is an author who wrote The Princess Diaries. Have you read it?
It was released in 2012 and written in English.
It's a great movie. Kevin Spacey and Jennifer Lawrence also starred in it.
You're welcome.
Kazuo Ishiguro wrote The World According to Garp and The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you read them?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you When We Were Orphans is a historical novel.
I'm not sure, but it is a speculative fiction.
You're welcome!
Robert Lewandowski is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich and the Germany national football team.
He plays the position of Forward
Mr. Robert Lewandowski was born in Poland
Sure, she wrote The Siren, The Prince and The Siren, and The Siren, and The Prince and The Guard. Have you read them?
Sure. The Selection is based on a novel by Kiera Cass's work. It was released in 2011.
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
You're welcome, enjoy!
X-men is a sci-fi starring Hugh Jackman. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Have you seen X-Men Origins: Wolverine? It's a Action movie.
The first one is X-Men Origins: Wolverine and the second is X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
Yes, he did. That was a great show and also a comedy-drama.
Sure, Gone Girl was written by Gillian Flynn, who also wrote Gone Girl Girl Girl. It's a Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
She also wrote "Sharp Objects" and "Rogues."
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like the movie because it is a drama or a crime movie?
Yes, it was written by Robert A. Heinlein and is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
It is Fiction. It is also considered a thriller.
The Tipping Point is a speculative fiction book written by Richelle Mead. Do you like that genre?
Malcolm Gladwell also wrote What the dog Saw and Other Adventures.
I'm not sure, but I do know that Malcolm Gladwell authored The Tipping Point: The Story of Success and Self-Help.
You're welcome.
Sure, he directed The Green Hornet and The Wild Ones. Have you seen them?
It is a drama.
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a good action film
Jeff Bridges stars in Fair Game.
He directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest and Amadeus. Have you seen those?
That is correct. Amadeus is a historical fiction. Do you like that?
I'll add it now
There's one written by C.S. Lewis and released in 1953. You might also like The Chronicles of Narnia: A Space Adventure.
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is a fantasy novel written by C.S Lewis and The Silver Chair is a fantasy novel.
The Silver Chair was released in 1960 and is in the Fantasy genre. Would you like to know more?
You're welcome!
I think he is a good athlete, but I don't know much about him. Is he a cricket player?
I like a lot of cricket players. I'm a big fan of Serena Williams. Do you know her?
No, I don't know much about him. Is he a cricket player?
I think he's a great singer and a singer. Do you like his music?
Yes, he starred in The Muppets and The Muppets.
I don't know if he acted in any movies, but I do know he also starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
A Million Little Pieces is written by James Frey. Are you a fan of his work?
I don't know any other books by him, but I can tell you more about A Million Little Pieces. Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Michael Crichton is similar to Michael Crichton. Do you like the author or the genre?
he also wrote a book called The Time Traveler's Wife.
A Killing in Zion is a Thriller
you are welcome
I don't know much about him other than he plays soccer. Are you a soccer player?
I like American Football, but I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I'm not a huge sports fan but I do enjoy basketball. Who is your favorite player?
Sure, Ken Kesey wrote The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban. Have you read it?
Yes, he is. He also wrote "Wolverine" and "Wolverine."
I don't know much about it, but I do know he is a writer and a writer.
Sure. I'll add that one now.
Paulo Coelho : Film Executive Produced: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. what else can i do for you?
I don't know what else he wrote, but he was influenced by William Shakespeare.
It's genre is fiction.
You're welcome.
Yes, G.O.T Tom Brady is an American professional football player who plays point guard for the New England National Football team.
I don't know who else starred in it, but I do know it is a comedy/drama
Eva Mendes also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine
Yes, it is a great movie. It was written by Steven Zaillian and stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Have you seen it?
Bradley Cooper is one of the most popular actors in the world. He also starred in The Skulls. Have you seen it?
It's a drama. It's more of a thriller.
You're welcome!
Yes, he starred in The Last Samurai and The Lord of the Rings. Have you seen those?
Yes, that is a great movie. It was written and directed by Robert De Niro. Do you like Robert De Niro?
Step Brothers also starred Robert De Niro and Robert De Niro. It's a Thriller.
If you like comedy, you might also like The Fault in Our Stars. It's a great comedy.
Sure. Wreck It Ralph starred Robert De Niro and also a comedy. It is a comedy.
It's an adventure movie based on the true story of a young girl who meets a young girl and falls into a relationship with a young girl.
You're welcome.
Yes, Toy Story 2 is written by Andrew Niccol and stars Tom Hanks. Are you interested in his work?
Yes. Tom Hanks wrote the Toy Story 2 and also wrote the Toy Story 3.
Tom Hanks produced Larry Crowne and it was directed by Larry Crowne.
Larry Crowne is considered a comedy and drama.
I'm not sure if it is a comedy but it is considered a comedy.
You're welcome!
Star Wars: Episode II - The Phantom Menace is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
I'm not sure, but I can recommend Star Wars: Episode II - The Phantom Menace starring Liam Neeson. Liam Neeson is also in the fantasy genre.
The Lord of the Rings was produced by Steven Spielberg and stars Orlando Bloom.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Cleveland Browns are a professional football team based in Cleveland, Pennsylvania. Do you like football?
Wow, I didn't know that. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan.
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you have a favorite team?
I don't know much about them, I do know their coach is John Farrell. Do you like baseball?
Yes, he is. Did you know John Farrell is from Oakland?
I'm not much of a fan of New Jersey, but I'm more of a baseball fan.
I didn't see that one, but I do know she is from the United States of America.
John Seelye wrote The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, A Princess of Mars, and A Princess of Mars.
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Divergent is a Sci-Fi Thriller starring Kate Beckinsale and Kate Beckinsale.
Similar to Divergent, you might like The Hunger Games, or The Hunger Games.
You're welcome.
It was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets.
Goonies is a Thriller starring Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
I don't know too much about her, but I know she's a celebrity friend to Tyga. Do you like her?
I don't know too much about her music, but I do know she was born in Los Angeles.
I didn't know that. I'm more of a rap artist. Do you like that type of music?
Yes, it is written by Jhumpa Lahiri
Yes, I like fiction. Then you'll like Wildwood Dancing, Wildwood Dancing and Wildwood Dancing.
I do like thrillers. Shark Night is a thriller.
Do you like Dr. Seuss because he's a Dr. Seuss?
Theodore Lesieg is a children's literature that was released in 1960
The Lorax was released in 2008
The Lorax is a speculative fiction genre. what else can i answer
ok
The Kansas City Chiefs are a professional football team based in the United States. Do you like football?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who's your favorite team?
It was written by Kazuo Ishiguro and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I don't know anything else about him, but I can tell you he is also a scientist and a scientist.
I am not sure if he has made any movies. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Ruben Fleischer wrote The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded, and The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen any of these?
It was released in 2002 and directed by Ang Lee. Have you seen it?
It is a Thriller/Drama
You're welcome
I do, actually! It was written by Stieg Larsson and was released in 2007.
I don't know if that was written by him, but he did write Luftslottet som sprangdes.
I don't know of any other books by him, but I do know he wrote Luftslottet som sprangdes.
Sure, Akira Kurosawa directed The Seven Samurai and Ran. Have you seen them?
Yes, Akira Kurosawa starred in the movie Yojimbo. She also starred in Yojimbo.
I don't know of any other movies starring Akira Kurosawa, but I do know she starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
You're welcome.
Oldboy is a Thriller like Oldboy. Do you like Thrillers?
Confessions has genre Psychological thriller. what else can i answer for you?
i dont have access to that information but i can tell you it is a comedy. what else can i do for you?
you are welcome. have a good day.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver. Do you know them?
I like the Dallas Cowboys and the San Diego Chargers. Do you like them?
That's awesome! I've been there so many years since they were in the Super Bowl.
Yes, he wrote The Wiz, The Wiz, and The Wiz. Have you read any of his work?
Yes, he did a great job in that movie. Do you like his acting?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you he also starred in The Day After Tomorrow. Have you seen it?
Scream is a horror film. Do you like horror films?
Max Brooks wrote and directed Scream, its a horror film. Have you seen it?
Brad Pitt also starred in Troy, which is a horror film.
I don't know too much about them, I am a Red Sox fan. Who is their coach?
I don't know much about Baltimore Orioles. Who's your favorite team?
I don't know much about them. I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm more of a baseball fan.
Timur Bekmambetov directed The World's End. Have you seen it?
Sure, it's a Thriller/Drama that was released in 2011. Do you like Thrillers?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he directed The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen them?
Yes! Hugh Jackman starred in The Wolverine. Have you seen it?
Stephen Sommers also wrote The Wolverine, which is a Thriller.
Douglas Adams was a writer and a politician. He was born in Honolulu. He wrote and directed The Longest Yard. Have you read it?
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy series was released in 1986.
Yes, it was also written by Douglas Adams and released in 2005. It was written in English.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Godfather was written by Francis Ford Coppola and stars Marlon Brando. Do you like Francis Ford Coppola films?
Francis Ford Coppola wrote The Godfather, which is a crime fiction film. Do you like that genre?
Marlon Brando also starred in The Godfather Part II. Have you seen that one?
Great choice! He starred in The Godfather and The Apocalypse Now. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, he also wrote Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that one?
You might also enjoy The Godfather II. It was written by Francis Ford Coppola and Francis Ford Coppola directed that movie.
The Green Bay Packers are a professional football team based in the United States. Do you like football?
That's right - he was a founder of the Green Bay Packers.
I'm not a huge fan of Pittsburgh but I do know there's a town called There's a Wocket in My Pocket is from there.
I don't know much about them, I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver. Are they a football team?
Sounds like they are having a good season this year.
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you do you like to watch?
500 Days of Summer is written by Sylvia Plath. It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romance?
Yes, Pruitt Taylor starred in Beautiful Creatures and Zooey's Kind of a Funny Girl. Do you like romantic comedies?
You Again is a drama and a comedy. It was directed by Robert Duvall. It is also a film.
The Namesake is written by Jhumpa Lahiri
How about The Namesake? It was written by J.K. Rowling.
Xenocide is a science fiction novel written by Orson Scott Card.
You got it! Enjoy!
Thomas F. Wilson starred in The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded, and The Matrix Reloaded.
I'm not sure. However, I can tell you Thomas F. Wilson also starred in The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Blake Shelton is a singer, songwriter and songwriter. He also starred in The Christmas Blessing. Have you heard it?
I'm not sure but I do know that he's from Nashville.
I don't know where his career started, but I do know that he's from Nashville.
Sure! She wrote Pretty Little Liars, which is a Romance Film. She also wrote Winnie-the-Pooh and Now We Are Six.
Yes! Pretty Little Liars is a TV series by Sara Shepard. It's a comedy-drama. Do you like dramas?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you about the TV series Pretty Little Liars. It was released in 2014.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about soccer, but I do know they are coached by David Platt. Do you like soccer?
I'm a big fan of American Football. I'm more of a American Football fan. Who's your favorite player?
That's a good example of college football, but I don't know much about college football. I'm more of a baseball fan.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are part of the NFC South division
I don't know much about the coach, but I know Mike Tomlin is from Pittsburgh. He's a good guy.
I don't know too much about him, but I do know Jamis Winston is from the United States.
Yes, Ridley Scott is an American actor who starred in a lot of action films. Are you a fan of his?
It's a great movie. It was written and directed by Sean Penn. Do you like Sean Penn?
I'll send it right over.
You're welcome.
Laura Esquivel wrote Como agua para chocolate and she is also a teacher.
1989 was the year that released You Are Not So Smart.
I'm not sure if she wrote that one.
You're welcome
The Memory Keeper's daughter is written by Kim Edwards and released in 2005.
I don't know a whole lot but Kim Edwards is an author like The Memory Keeper's Daughter
You are welcome.
William Landay wrote Defending Jacob.
It is also a thriller.
It's more of a thriller and suspense.
Agatha Christie wrote several books such as Agatha Christie and Agatha Christie. Are you a fan of hers?
It was released in 2004
You're welcome
Yes, Romeo and Juliet was written by William Shakespeare. He also wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream.
What You Will is a fantasy novel written by William Shakespeare. It was released in 1595 and is in the English language.
You're welcome.
He directed The Imitation Game and Headhunters. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, Michael Caine starred in The Imitation Game and The Imitation Game.
You're welcome, enjoy!
It was written by Khaled Hosseini and released in 2012. Are you a fan of hers?
Yes, he also wrote The Mountains Echoed and The Mountains Echoed.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know a lot about him, but I know he's from the United States of America.
I don't know much about his movies, but I do know he is a director and a director. He is also a director.
La La Land is a Thriller starring Damien Chazelle and is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie!
She starred in The Ice Harvest and The Hunted. Do you like her movies?
The Situation is a Historical period drama that was released in 2014.
Sure! I'll add it now.
I think he is a lyricist but I don't know much about him. What do you think?
I can tell you that Shaun White starred in Friends with Benefits
Yes, Mila Kunis also starred in Friends with Benefits
Yes, it was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It's a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
To Kill A Mockingbird is a fiction book written by Harper Lee. Do you like fiction books?
To Kill A Mockingbird is a drama that was released in 2001. It was written by Harper Lee and is a fiction.
You're welcome.
Yes, it was written by Randy Pausch and he also wrote The Last Lecture.
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Last Lecture.
Sure, I'll add it now.
Sure, he directed The Two Princesses of Bamarre and The Two Princesses of Bamarre. Have you seen them?
The Wackness is a Thriller and Drama.
Some of the actors in this movie are Steve Buscemi and Steve Buscemi. Have you heard of them?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Do you like his work?
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Adventures of Mr. Hyde and Other Adventures.
You got it, I'll have to start reading them now.
That's a good one. I think you'd enjoy it.
Sure, he directed a favorite of mine, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, and The Jungle Book 2. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, he also wrote The Jungle Book 2 and The Jungle Book 2.
The movie was released in 2013
The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins, who also wrote The Hunger Games: Catching Fire.
Sure, he starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and Return of the Jedi. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, White Fang is a movie. Would you like me to add it to your list?
You're welcome. Have a good day.
Donnie Darko is a Thriller starring Scarlett Johansson and Morgan Freeman?
Seth Rogan also starred in A Bug's Life which is a comedy-drama.
Yes, James Franco also starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
I don't know any other movies he was in but I do know he also starred in Seth Rogan.
Shadows and Lies was released in 2012.
Sure, she wrote Frankenstein. Have you read it?
Frankenstein is a historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
It is written in English and is also a Science-Fiction book.
You're welcome.
Yes, Fight Club is a thriller. It's a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Xander Berkeley starred in Fight Club. He is a great actor.
You're welcome.
A.W. Wheen wrote Im Westen nichts Neues in 1929.
He wrote Im Westen nichts Neues and Drei Kameraden. Are you interested in any of these?
You're welcome.
Yes, he directed The Siege. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was in The Siege. He also starred in The Last Samurai.
The Siege is a horror film starring Denzel Washington. He also starred in The Last Samurai.
Yes, Snoop Dogg was in Training Day. He was a great actor.
Yes, he was and Volcano High was directed by Robert Duvall.
You're welcome.
I'm not a huge baseball fan, but I do know they were the runner up in Super Bowl XLVIII. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about baseball but I do know Fred Wilpon is a baseball player.
I'm more of a baseball fan. Who's your favorite team?
Sure, he wrote The Scorch Trials and The Maze Runner. Have you read either of those?
It was released in 2011. Do you like that genre?
I do not have that information, but I can tell you it was written by Stephen J. Dubner.
I'll add it now.
Sergio Leone wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
Yes, Eli Wallach starred in The Good and the Bad and the Ugly.
Yes, Sergio Leone also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you The Fistful of Dollars is starring Sergio Leone.
I'll add that to your list.
You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote Welcome to the Monkey House and Timequake. Have you read them?
Yes, Welcome to the Monkey House is a speculative fiction book.
You might like Zoe's Tale, Z for Zachariah, Z for Zachariah and Z for Zachariah.
Sure, he directed The Republic of Love, which is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Million Dollar Baby stars Seth Rogen and Josh Brolin. Do you like them?
Yes, and he also starred in The Republic of Love. Have you seen that one?
He starred in Unlawful Entry and The Vatican Tapes
It was released in 2000 and also starred Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom?
I do not have information on that movie, but I can tell you it was written by David Ayer.
Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier, The Pacifier, and The Rock. Have you seen any of these?
Underdog is a Drama/Adventure Film starring Kevin Spacey, Kevin Dillane, Kevin Dillane, Kevin Dillane, Kevin Dilon and more.
He has starred in The Matrix Revisited and The Matrix Reloaded.
I'm not a big football fan but I do know they are owned by Bill Bidwill.
I'm not sure who owns the Philadelphia Eagles, but I do know they're owned by John Fox.
I'm not a big fan of football but I do enjoy watching the Cowboys play.
I like the Patriots. I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan.
Ara Celi starred in American Beauty. Have you seen it?
American Beauty also starred Robert Pattinson and Morgan Freeman. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is. If you like Alan Ball, you might also like X-Men Origins:Wolverine.
The Incredible Hulk stars William Hurt and Ty Burrell. Are you a fan of his work?
You might like The Incredible Hulk, it's a sequel to The Incredible Hulk. It's also considered a Sci-Fi movie. Have you seen it?
It was released in 2014. I'm not sure if it was released.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Do you like it because it is a crime fiction movie?
Then you might like World War Z or The Last Samurai.
Do you like the movie because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Sure, he also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and the Assassin's Blade
You're welcome. Enjoy the movies!
Peter Krause starred in The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded, and The Matrix Reloaded.
Yes, she was in We Don't Live Here Anymore. She also starred in We Don't Live Here Anymore.
She also starred in We Don't Live Here Anymore. Have you seen that one?
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a Thriller and stars Hugh Jackman. Do you like Thrillers?
He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine and X-Men Origins: Wolverine, which is a Thriller.
It's a great movie. It was directed by Chris Rock, who also starred in The Hunger Games. You might like that one.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He directed The Transporter and The Transporter. Have you seen either of those?
Transporter is a Thriller starring Ty Burrell and Tom Cruise. Are you a fan of those actors?
I don't know anything else about him, but A Girl Cut in Two was written by Robert Mark Kamen and he also starred in The Transporter.
Good Will Hunting is a Thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like Thriller movies?
Buffy the Vampire Slayer is starring Kevin Spacey and Joel David Moore. Do you like those actors?
Yes, he also wrote The Town, which is a great movie.
Yes, The Town is a horror movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, he wrote a book called No Country for Old Men which was written by William Shakespeare.
Madame Bovary is a romance novel written by William Shakespeare. Do you like romance novels?
It was released in 1856.
It is considered a Romance and Historical period drama.
Sure. You might enjoy The House of Seven Pounds, The House of Seven Pounds and The House of Seven Pounds.
You're welcome.
Tom Cruise starred in Collateral. He was also in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader
Do you like Eyes Wide Shut because it's a crime fiction movie?
Tom Cruise starred in The Last Samurai and The Sworn Sword
I'm not sure when it was released, but it was directed by Tom Cruise.
You're welcome.
Bruce Willis also starred in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen that one?
Bruce Willis starred in Hudson Hawk. It's a great movie.
I am not sure if Bruce Willis was in that film but if you like action movies you should check out Hudson Hawk. It is a great movie.
You are welcome.
I know he's a composer and song writer. I don't know too much about him. What do you think?
Yes, he is great as well as a composer
I don't know too much about Panic, but I do know he is a singer
Sure! Leonard Nimoy starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader and The Seabiscuit. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, Leonard Nimoy starred in Star Trek III. It is a Sci-Fi movie
Siddhartha is written by Hilda Rosner and Hermann Hesse. Are you a fan of hers?
Sure, she also wrote Weird Sisters and Weird Sisters. Have you read them?
It was released in 1922 as a speculative fiction book.
You're welcome.
Yes, I do. Reginald VelJohnson starred in You Again, Wolfen and Turner & Hooch. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, Jamie Lee Curtis starred in You Again and also in You Again. Have you seen either of those?
Great, I will add it to your watch list.
Yes, he wrote Life of Pi and Beatrice and Virgil. Have you read either of those?
Yes, I'm a big fan of that genre. I'm more of a Fantasy fan.
Yes, you are correct. Michelle Paver also wrote The Road to Little Dribbling, which is an excellent film.
Yes, and Michelle Paver also wrote The House of Sand, which is a fantasy film.
The Strange Case of dr. Jekyll and Mr Hyde was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. He also wrote Wreck-It Ralph
It was written by Robert Louis Stevenson, who also wrote Guardians of the Galaxy
You're welcome.
Sure, he also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
I don't know much about him other than he's a basketball player. Are you a basketball fan?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is from the University of Oklahoma
Yes, he is a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
Sure, he wrote Teacher Man and Teacher Man. Have you read those?
he also wrote Teacher Man. do you like that genre?
you are welcome
Silence of the Lambs is a speculative fiction novel written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like that genre?
Thomas Harris wrote The Silence of the Lambs and The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you read them?
It was released in 2004. It is a great Thriller.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Fernando Hierro. Do you like them?
I don't know much about soccer. Is that a soccer team?
I don't know much about soccer. Is that a soccer team?
Sure, he wrote The Sea of Monsters and The Sea of Monsters. Have you read those?
I'm not sure, but if you like fiction you might also like The Sea Wolf.
Million Dollar Baby stars Hilary Swank and is a Thriller. Do you like it because it is a Thriller?
Yes, that is a great movie. It also starred Matt Damon and Josh Brolin. Have you seen it?
Yes, that was a great show. Did you know she also starred in The Princess Diaries? Have you seen that one?
That was a great movie. Did you know that Peter Jason also starred in The Matrix Reloaded? Have you seen it?
Great. I'll add it to your watch list.
Would you like recommendations for other comedies?
It was released in 2014. I think you'll enjoy it.
Yes, I do. Did you know J.K Rowling starred in The Crucible? He also starred in it.
I don't know too much about him but I do know he is a writer
You might also enjoy the sequel to that one, Twilight. Have you read that one?
There's a great Speculative fiction written by J.K. Rowling as well as Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you read those?
The Divergent Series is a young-adult fiction novel by J.K. Rowling. It's considered a fantasy.
You're welcome!
Yes, he has starred in many movies such as To Kill a Mockingbird and To Kill a Mockingbird. Have you seen them?
Sure, Shrek 2 is a comedy-drama. Do you like comedies?
I don't know too much about them, but I do know they are in the National League East and in the National League East.
I haven't been there yet, but I haven't been there yet. Are you a fan of the stadium?
I don't know too much about it, but I do know it was filmed in New York City.
Thomas Lennon starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wildest Dream. Have you seen those?
Yes, it is a television series and a television series.
I don't know much about Chealsea, but I do know she is a singer, songwriter, and film producer.
The best team in my opinion is Manchester United F.C.
I agree! I'm a huge fan of American football, but I'm more of a fan of American Football.
Yes, it is a horror movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like horror films?
Yes, he wrote and directed the movie King Kong. Do you like his work?
It was released in 2005
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer and John Fox
I'm not a huge fan of the Panthers, but I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan.
Yea, he's a good businessman. He's also owned by the Seattle Seahawks.
Yea, I'm a huge fan of that genre. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. Do you like any other sports genres?
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they were the runner up in Super Bowl XLVIII.
I don't know too much about MBA. I'm more of a baseball fan. Do you like it?
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you do you like?
I think he's a good basketball player, but I don't know much about him other than he's from Chicago.
I do like LeBron James
I have not, but I know he is an athlete
It's a great movie. It was written by Robert Mark Kamen and stars Seth Rogen. Do you like his movies?
I'm not sure if Lowell starred in Men in Black but it was directed by David Ayer.
I am not sure, but it was directed by Lowell Cunningham.
You're welcome.
Batman Begins was directed by Tim Burton. He also directed The Dark Knight Rises. Have you seen it?
Yes, The Dark Knight is a sequel to Batman Begins.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Robin Hobb wrote The Mad Ship and The Golden Fool. Have you read either of those?
The Golden Fool was released in 2005 and is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
Sure, he wrote Welcome to the Monkey House, Timequake and Timequake.
It is considered a historical drama.
Xenocide and Z for Zachariah are speculative fiction
Do you like it because it is a Thriller or because it is a thriller?
Lake of Fire is a great movie. It was written and directed by Tony Kaye.
Lake of Fire is a Thriller and was released in 2004.
You're welcome.
E.V. Rieu wrote .
E.V. Rieu wrote , , .
The Flattered Flying Fish was released in 1962 and Other Poems in 1962 was released in English
She wrote Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
It is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
You're welcome.
If you give a mouse a mouse a mouse a cookie is written by Felicia Bond and was released in 1985. She also wrote If You Take a Mouse to the Movies.
Yes, both were written by Paula Hawkins.
You're welcome.
Do you like Eyes Wide Shut because it's a thriller?
You might enjoy the movie called Unleashed. It is also a psychological thriller and a psychological thriller.
I don't have when a stranger calls, but I do know that it is a thriller.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Charles Duhigg wrote The Power of Habit.
The Power of Habit was released in 2011 and is in the Fiction genre
Yes, I can.
The Godfather was written by Francis Ford Coppola and stars Marlon Brando. Do you like Francis Ford Coppola films?
Yes, he is a great coach. Did you know that he is from Boston?
Yes, he is. He's also a member of the NBA.
The Chicago Bulls are a basketball team owned by Jerry Reinsdorf. Do you like basketball?
Chicago Bulls : Film Executive Produced: Michael Jordan
I am not sure, but I do know that the Chicago Bulls are coached by Thomas Lennon
You're welcome
Dear John is written by Nicholas Sparks and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, that was a great book. It was written by Robert A. Heinlein and is a Romance Film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like Crescendo because it's a thriller?
It was written by Jane Austen and it's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Other romance novels by Jane Austen include Sense and Sensibility and Pride and Prejudice.
Jane Austen also wrote Sense and Sensibility, which is a romance novel.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I love Linkin Park! My favorite song is Whatcha say. Do you know it?
I don't know much about their rap artist, but I do know they are a rap artist. Do you like them?
Andrew Stanton directed and starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
It was written and directed by Andrew Stanton and is a Thriller.
Yes, Ellen DeGeneres starred in it as a family/drama.
You're welcome!
Yes, he starred in The Marlon Brando and The Martian Chronicles. Have you seen them?
Yes, she was in it. Do you like her movies?
I'm not sure about Family movies but I can tell you it is a Family movie.
You're welcome.
Yes, he is an author and an actor. He starred in Jumbo and Slumdog Millionaire.
Yes, he is a famous bowler. He is also a cricket player.
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
Yes, he is a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers. Are you a fan?
Yes, he does. He's a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers.
I don't know much about them. I'm more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan.
Yes, The King's Speech is written by Charles Dickens and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
Yes, that is correct, she also starred in The Fellowship of the Ring and The Fellowship of the Ring
Yes, that was a great year for shows. You might also like The Return of the King's Speech.
I love her music. My favorite song is Whenever, Wherever is one of my favorites.
I don't know too much about her music but I do know she is a singer like Shakira.
I don't know too much about her music but I do know she is married to Shakira.
The Chicago Cubs are a pretty good team. Do you like them?
I don't know much about him, but I do know they're owned by Zack Broman. He's a great quarterback.
I've always been a fan of the Seattle Seahawks. Do you have a favorite team?
I think he is a good basketball player, but I don't know much about him. Is he a point guard?
I don't know a whole lot about him. I know he is a basketball player.
Yes, he does. He is a great basketball player.
Hayley Atwell starred in The Sweeney and The Pillars of the Earth. Have you seen those?
I would suggest The Pillars of the Earth, which is a Thriller.
You might like The Pillars of the Earth or The Pillars of the Earth. Have you seen any of those?
You're welcome.
Yes, Brokeback Mountain stars Seth Rogen and Mark Wahlberg. Are you a fan of sci-fi?
She also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Lovie Smith and Lovie Smith.
I don't know too much about him, but I do know that Lovie Smith is also a coach.
I don't know too much about football but I do enjoy watching the Superbowl games.
It is written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire.
J.K. Rowling also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban and the Prisoner of Azkaban
That's a good one! It was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Great! I hope you enjoy them!
Sure, Woody Allen starred in a lot of action movies. Would you like to hear more about that?
To Rome With Love stars Robert Duvall and Kate Beckinsale. Are you a fan of romance films?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Spirited Away was written by Quentin Tarantino. He also directed The Road to El Dorado. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but Hayao Miyazaki also starred in Scream of the Banshee. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that one. But I can tell you Hayao Miyazaki also starred in The Matrix Reloaded.
You're welcome.
Jeffrey Eugenides wrote The Virgin Suicides and The Picture of Dorian Gray. Have you read those?
It's a Fiction book about a girl who meets a woman and falls in love with her family.
It was released in 2001 and is in the Fiction genre.
You're welcome.
Do you like it because it is a comedy or because it is a comedy?
I'm not sure if he acted in but he also starred in The Hangover Part II. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Mindy Kaling starred in The End as well as in the Action/Comedy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he wrote The Virgin Suicides and The Virgin Suicides.
Sure, Miranda Richardson starred in Gideon's Daughter. She also starred in The Lorax.
Yes, Phantom of the opera is a fantasy film.
You got it! Enjoy!
Adele is a great singer. I like her song Till We Have Faces. Do you like her?
Yes, I like her too. She's a great singer. She's also a singer and a singer.
Oh yes, I like that one. I think I'll listen to that one now.
Inception is directed by Christopher Nolan, who also directed Inception.
Yes, he did direct The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
Yes, he produced The Prestige and The Prestige.
The Prestige is also considered a Sci-Fi film. The Prestige is also considered a thriller.
Waterworld is a Thriller.
You're welcome.
Dani Alves is a soccer player from Brazil and plays for the Brazil national football team. Do you like soccer?
I don't know too much about soccer, but I know Dani Alves plays as a forward.
I don't know too much about them, I do know they are owned by Virginia Halas McCaskey.
I don't know too much about them, I do know they are owned by Virginia Halas McCaskey.
I'm not sure what else they are doing, but I do know they're having a good season.
Do you like the writer, Charles Dickens or the genre?
Charles Dickens was influenced by Charles Dickens. He also wrote The Old Curiosity Shop and The Old Curiosity Shop.
I don't know anything else about Empire Falls, but A Tale of Two Cities was released in 1851.
It was written in 1886 and is in the fiction genre.
Working Class is written in English and was released in 2008.
You're welcome.
Yes, she's a great actress. She's written The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants and The Last Anniversary. Have you seen either of those?
Sure, she also wrote The Siren. It's considered children's literature.
The Selection is a young-adult fiction and The Prince was released in 2012. It's considered a historical fiction.
You're welcome.
Do you like Mission Impossible because it is a Mission Impossible movie or because it is a Action/Adventure movie?
Yes, it is. Do you like action packed movies?
I'd say check out The Last Samurai. It's a great Romance movie.
You're welcome.
Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell. Do you like books by George Orwell?
Animal Farm was written by George Orwell. He also wrote Thirteen Eighty-Four, which was released in 1949.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He wrote Relato de un náufrago, and Relato de un náufrago.
Ralph Steadman wrote both The Subterraneans and The Subterraneans.
It was written by Terry Pratchett. Are you interested in other books by him?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it's a cartoonist.
You're welcome.
Adam Brown starred in The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug and The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug.
It was released in 2004 and directed by James Nesbitt.
You're welcome.
Sure, he starred in both The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen those?
Sure! The Woods was written and produced by Bradley Cooper. It is considered a comedy-drama.
The Words is a Romance/Drama starring Oliver R.Platt and was released in 2012.
Have you read the Lord of the Rings series?
Think and Grow Rich has genre Speculative fiction. what else can i answer for you?
yes he was. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome. have a good day.
Edgar Allan Poe wrote The Tell-Tale Heart and The Tell-Tale Heart. Have you read those?
Raven was released in 1851 and is in the Fantasy genre.
You're welcome.
I know that he's a Spanish professional football player from Spain. Are you a fan?
I don't know if that is a soccer team but I do know that he plays for FC Barcelona.
I'm not sure if that is where he plays. I don't know much about soccer. Are you a soccer fan?
Aladdin is a family movie starring Aladdin. Do you like movies starring Aladdin?
There is a sequel, have you seen it yet?
You might also like the movie X-Men 2
He directed The Good Thief and The End of the Affair. Have you seen those?
I am not sure, but I can tell you it also starred Ralph Fiennes. Do you like his acting?
Yes, he did. He also directed The End of the Affair.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Quentin Tarantino directed several movies such as Zombieland and Grindhouse. Have you seen those?
Yes, he was. I'm not sure if he was in Grindhouse.
I don't know anything else about Grindhouse, but I can tell you he is a recurring writer on that one.
You're welcome.
Do you like Downfall because it is a war movie or because it is a war movie?
The Baader Meinhof Complex is starring Tom Hanks and Kate Beckinsale. Do you like Drama movies?
There is a movie also starring Alexandra Maria Lara, who is a great actor.
You're welcome.
I do! He's a great singer, songwriter, and song writer. Do you like him?
I'm not much of a fan of her music but I do know she's a singer and a singer. Do you like her?
That's a good one. I also like her song Xenocide. Have you heard it?
It was written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
Cassandra Clare also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set.
Yes, it is a series
You're welcome.
Sure! That was written by David Sedaris and was released in 2012. It's a Historical period drama.
Yes, it is! It was written by David Sedaris and released in 2012. I think you'd enjoy it.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Fred Willard starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and X-Men: First Class.
Youth in Revolt is a drama
You're welcome. Hope you like it.
Great! Have a great day!
You're welcome.
Sure, do you like Blood Diamond because it is a drama or a crime fiction?
He was also in Unleashed and The Lord of War
The Lord of War was released in 2004.
CCH Pounder starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class. Have you seen any of those?
RoboCop 3. He also starred in The Musketeers. Would you like to hear more about that?
Yes, he was in The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones
Yes, that was a famous movie by Meryl Streep. Do you like her work?
She starred in The Devil Wears Prada, which is a romantic comedy.
Yes, she was in The Iron Lady as well as Meryl Streep.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was released in 2001.
I don't know anything about Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone but I do know there's a sequel called Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets.
Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger. Have you read that one?
Then you'll like Zoe's Tale, Xenocide, and Z for Zachariah to name a few.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Dan Gilroy wrote Angels & Demons, which is a romantic comedy. Have you seen it?
The Bourne Legacy is starring Matt Damon and was released in 2012. Do you like movies starring Matt Damon?
The Bourne Identity and The Bourne Identity are both action movies. Do you like action movies?
Yes, Hayao Miyazaki directed Seven Pounds. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure but Hayao Miyazaki directed and starred in X-Men 2. Have you seen that one?
I don't have that information, but Hayao Miyazaki starred in it as well. You should check it out.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it is a drama.
Yes, he directed Water for Elephants. Have you seen that one yet?
There Will Be Blood stars Seth Rogen, who is a great actor.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Paula Hawkins wrote The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded.
The Girl on the Train was written by Paula Hawkins and is a horror novel. Do you like horror novels?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, have a good day
Absolutely, Drama is a great book, one of my favorites is The Girl on the Train, which is a drama book.
You're welcome, enjoy!
It was written by Christopher Bigsby and is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
I'll add that to your library now.
I'm not sure, but I can add Violets Are Blue to your library.
You're welcome.
Vladimir Naokov wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories.
Yes, he did write that one
Fiction, Children's literature
your welcome
It's a Memoirs of a Geisha was written by Robin Swicord and was released in 2005.
The author is J.R.R Tolkien
He also wrote Memoirs of a Geisha
You are welcome
I know he's married to Hayden Panettiere, but I don't know much about him.
Yes, Wladimir Klitschko wrote and produced Scream 4.
I don't know much about them, but I do know Anna Paquin starred in Scream 4.
I'm not sure about that, but I do know she starred in a movie called Friends with Friends.
Green Eggs and Ham was written by Dr. Seuss. Do you like children's literature?
There's a Wocket in My Pocket written by John Green Eggs and Ham. Would you like to read that one?
Yes, that was the same year as The Cat in the Hat and The Cat in the Hat.
It's a great family comedy starring Seth Rogen and Seth Rogen. Do you like them?
He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. Is there a specific genre you are looking for?
Yes, she was in Superbad with Emma Stone.
You're welcome.
Yes, E.B. White wrote Stuart Little and Stuart Little. Have you read them?
Safe Haven was written by Nicholas Sparks and stars Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Nicholas Sparks movies?
Liam Neeson is the cast. Do you like musicals?
I don't know what year he was in, but he is a great actor.
Yes, it is a family movie and a family movie. Do you like family movies?
You are welcome. Enjoy the movie!
Sure, I can tell you that Tom Everett starred in Terminator. He is a great actor.
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Women of Brewster Place.
I don't know too much about him, but I do know he starred in The Women of Brewster Place.
Of course! I hope you enjoy!
Natascha McElhone wrote The Truman Show and The Secret of Moonacre.
The Truman Show is a comedy starring Natascha McElhone and was released in 1996.
It was written by Dan Brown and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Deception Point is a Mystery book
Me too! He wrote The Book Thief and The Book Thief. Have you read those?
Little Bear is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
Great! You may also like the Family genre, have you seen the X-Men series?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I'll play it for you now.
He directed The Terminator and The Pillars of the Earth. Have you seen those?
They are Action/Adventure Films.
Idiocracy is a great movie. It was written by Robert Mark Kamen and David Lynch.
It was released in 2000. It's a great movie.
I'll do that right away.
You got it!
Gone with the Wind is a drama starring Margaret Mitchell. Do you like dramas?
Yes, Gone with the Wind is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it is a Romance film.
You're welcome
Ellen Burstyn starred in The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, he's a Spanish professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 1 in the WTA singles rankings.
Yes, I do. I love Serena. She's a great female player. She's also been around for a while.
Yes, he plays for the Miami Dolphins. I'm more of a baseball fan.
To Kill a Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee who also wrote Go Set a Watchman.
To Kill a Mockingbird is a drama written by Harper Lee and is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
I think she is a great singer, but I'm not a big fan of hers. What about you do you know about her?
Yes, I like her music. She's also a singer, songwriter, and actress.
Yes, she's a daughter. She's also a singer and a musician.
Peter Gallagher starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and Return of the Jedi. Are you a fan?
Yes, Sandra Bullock starred in The O.C. and While You Were Sleeping.
I don't have any more information on romantic comedies that Peter Gallagher starred in, but I can tell you more about The O.C..
You're welcome.
He wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
The Portable Atheist is a fantasy and Alice Adventures in Wonderland is a fantasy.
He also wrote The Portable Atheist and Alice Adventures in Wonderland
You're welcome
Yes, he is a soccer player from Colombia. He plays point guard position. Do you like soccer?
I don't know much about Radamel Falcao, other than he played on the team. I don't know much about him.
I don't know much about FC Porto other than he is a soccer player. I don't know much about him.
I don't know too much about her, but I do know she is a tennis player. Do you like her?
I'm not sure about her, but I do know she starred in a movie called Serena.
I'm not sure about that, but I do know she was in a movie called Shark Night.
The Glass Castle was written by Jeannette Walls and was released in 2005. Do you like the author or the genre?
It was written by Greg Mortenson. Do you like him?
Yes, Alice Sebold wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories.
I'm not sure but it is written by Alice Sebold
i do not have any other information
Yes. Jack London wrote White Fang.
You're welcome
I think she's a good tennis player, but I don't know much about her. What about you?
I don't know too much about tennis, but I do know she is married to Mirka Reeves.
I'm not sure about that. But I do know she is a tennis player.
Yes, he was. He was a very busy person.
Thor: The Dark World was written by Christopher Nolan, who also directed Thor: The Dark World. Do you like the actors or the genre?
Thor: The Dark World was written by Christopher Nolan, who also directed Thor: The Curse of the Black Pearl.
Chris Weitz also wrote The Golden Compass and it was directed by Chris Weitz. Have you seen it?
Great! I'll add it to your watch list.
Yes, it is a great drama starring J.K. Simmons and Melissa Benoist. Have you seen it?
Yes Wade Williams and Troy Garity both star in The Good Doctor.
Yes, he was in Elizabethtown as well as The Good Doctor.
Breakfast of Champions was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he also wrote Welcome to the Monkey House and also Timequake. Would you like to read more of his books?
I don't know much about Doomsday Book, but I do know it was written by Stephen King. Would you like to hear more about him?
Yes, he directed The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and The Amazing Spider Man 2. Have you seen them?
Yes, that is correct. John Sayles also wrote Spider-Man 2. Have you seen that one?
It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I think he is a good golfer. Do you like him?
I don't know anything about Phil Mickelson but I do know he is a golfer.
Entourage is a comedy-drama film. Do you like comedies?
He's written a lot of books. He's written Mostly Harmless, and Good Will Hunting. Have you read those?
Yes, Mickey Rooney starred in the movie. He also starred in The Princess Diaries. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure if he was in anything else, but he was also in The Princess Diaries. Have you seen that one?
Kenneth H. Blanchard wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
Yes, it is considered a Young-adult fiction.
That's a good one. It's a self-help book.
Sam Taylor-Johnson starred in Nowhere Boy and Nowhere Boy. Have you seen either of those?
Nowhere Boy starred Keanu Reeves, Rachel McAdams and Rachel McAdams.
Nowhere Boy is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller?
Do you like Fear and Loating in Las Vegas because it's a thriller?
Yes he did and he also wrote Monsters University which is an action film.
V for Vendetta is considered a political Thriller.
Yes, I do. She wrote The Virgin Blue and The Lady in the Lake. Have you read them?
It's Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
I don't know if it is a movie, but I do know that it was made into a movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in The Bourne Identity and The Bourne Identity. Have you seen those?
It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I haven't seen National Lampoon, but he also starred in The Mist.
Great choice, Woody Allen also starred in The Princess Diaries, which is a Romance Film
Yes, Dan Gilroy is an American author who wrote Into the Wild. Are you a fan of his?
The Bourne Legacy is starring Matt Damon
Genre Romance Film
World War Z is a great action thriller
have you seen White House Down
you are welcome
Where the Sidewalk Ends was written by Bill Bryson. Do you like his work?
Yes, he also wrote Where the Sidewalk Ends, which is a children's literature
I don't know any authors similar to him but I do know Hel Silverstein is a poet
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know that he is a song writer, songwriter, and song writer. Do you know him?
I don't know any of her songs, but I do know she is friends with Taylor Swift. Do you like her music?
Yes, I do. She is very talented.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit. Have you read it?
Sure, Seabiscuit was written by Laura Hillenbrand and was released in 2012.
You're welcome.
Sure, he directed The Doors as well as The Doors. Have you seen those?
The Doors stars Steve Buscemi, Steve Buscemi, and Steve Buscemi. Do you know any of them?
Yes, The Doors is a musical theater. Do you like musicals?
You're welcome!
Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Wise Man's Fear and The Name of the Wind. Have you read any of these?
It's considered a speculative fiction. Another example of that might be The Time Traveler's Wife.
You're welcome.
Would you like recommendations similar to Divergent?
Great choice! Young-adult fiction is also a Young-adult fiction. It's also a Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Yes, he is a soccer player from the Manchester United F.C. team. Do you like soccer?
Yes, he is an athlete who plays football
I don't know much about him other than he is an athlete
I don't know much about them, but I do know their coach is Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
Yes, I am a fan of the Seattle Seahawks. Do you like football?
Yes, they were the runner ups in the Super Bowl XIXIII.
Sure, do you like Sci-Fi genres?
Anna Kendrick also starred in The Handmaid's Tale and The Time Traveler's Wife.
I'm not sure if she acted in Trolls, but I can tell you The Last Five Years is a Psychological thriller.
I don't know any other movies she's in, but I do know Paranormal romance is a suspense movie.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on any other comedy movies.
You're welcome.
E.H. Gormbrich wrote The Road to El Dorado, have you read it?
Suresh Rainia is an athlete on the India national cricket team.
Yes, I am a cricket player. I prefer American Football. How about you?
Yes, he is. He's also a cricket player. Are you a fan?
Sure, he wrote The Road to Little Dribbling and The Road to Little Dribbling.
It was released in 2014 and is a Young-adult fiction
I don't know any other books released in the year but I do know Pretties was written by Scott Westerfeld
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Spain national football team. Are you a soccer fan?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he plays for the Spain national football team.
Yes, Louis van Gaal coaches Manchester United F.C. and Manchester United F.C.
I didn't know that. Is that a soccer team?
Joseph Heller wrote The Time Traveler's Wife and The Time Traveler's Wife
Sure, Joseph Heller is an American novelist, critic, public speaker, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, and essayist.
Sure, Fifty Shades Freed was written by E.B. White and is a Speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
I have not, but E.L. James also wrote Fifty Shades of Grey. Have you read that one?
Bared to You is written by E.L. James
It was released in 2011 and is a Romance novel.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, he is the author of The Castle and The Namesake
It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
You're welcome, enjoy!
That book was written by Laura Hillenbrand and is in the Fiction genre. Do you like those genres?
Laura Hillenbrand also wrote The World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he is a great basketball player. He's a point guard for the Robinsons. Do you like him?
Yes, it was written by David Ayer and it is a drama. Do you like drama?
Yes he did and he also produced Braveheart.
Yes, he also wrote The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
Sure, he wrote Seven Psychopaths and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-Believer was released 2012.
It was written in English and released in 2007.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Mike Shanahan.
That's right, they were runner ups in Super Bowl XLVIII.
Yes, he is. The Broncos are 4th in their division right now.
Sure, Girl with a Pearl Earring is in the genre of Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes,Gurihiru is a satire and Swing Time is a satire.
I'm not sure who wrote Snow Crash but it is a Sci-Fi novel.
Do you like Tropic Thunder because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Robert Downey Jr. is one of the actors in Tropic Thunder.
Sure, you can try The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded
Yes, Diana Gabaldon wrote Diana Gabaldon. It is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
Yes, in my Own Heart's Blood was released in 2009. It was written in English.
Zero to One is a Thriller.
You're welcome!
He directed Cutthroat Island and The Long Kiss Goodnight. Have you seen them?
I'm not sure, but Harlin also directed Cutthroat Island.
I don't know when it was released, but I do know Matthew Modine starred in it.
You are welcome.
I don't know much about them, I do know they are owned by Virginia Halas McCaskey.
I do not know much about them as a football team but I do know they won Super Bowl XLI
I am not a huge football fan but I do know they were the runner ups in Super Bowl XLI
Sure! Doug Liman directed and starred in Fair Game. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure, but I do know that it was produced by John-Henry. It's a drama.
I don't have that information, but I do know that it was produced by John Henry.
I don't know who starred in that movie, but I do know it is a comedy-drama.
Yes, he is a great actor. He also starred in The Jungle Booker which is a comedy.
Yes, he's a basketball player from Dallas, Texas. He's a point guard for the Miami Dolphins.
I don't know much about her, but I do know she's married to Hayden Panettiere.
Yes, he also wrote Think Like a Man. Have you seen it?
Yes, I do. It is a great Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like those types of movies?
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes also starred Gary Oldman. He also starred in The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen it?
If you like sci-fi, you might also like The Time Traveler's Wife. It's a Thriller.
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
300: Rise of an Empire is a good movie starring Noam Murro. Are you a fan of his work?
300: Rise of an Empire stars Sullivan Stapleton and Sullivan Stapleton.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
If you like Fantasy, you might also like The Looking Glass Wars. It's a Fantasy.
Yes, she is the lead actor in that movie. It was released in 2014.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you she was in The Last Samurai.
You too!
Yes, I am a Dodgers. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you do you like?
Magic Johnson is a basketball player. He was born in Los Angeles and plays for the Golden State Warriors. Are you a basketball fan?
Oh, I didn't know that. That's a great sport to watch. Who's your favorite sport?
Sure, Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Would you like to hear more about this movie?
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was released in 2008. Would you like to hear more about that?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Dougray was also a writer and a film producer.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Their Eyes Were Watching God was written by Zora Neale Hurston and is a Speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
The Sword of Shannara is a great children's literature written by William Shakespeare.
I don't know of any other movies she wrote but I do know she also wrote The Sword of Shannara.
Paul Pogba-do is a soccer player and plays for Manchester United F.C. Is there a specific sport you like?
Yes, he plays for the Manchester United F.C. soccer team. He's a forward.
I don't know much about football. I'm more of a baseball fan.
I'm more of a football fan. I don't know much about football. I'm more of a baseball fan.
Yes, he is an author who wrote and directed The Sworn Sword. Have you heard of it?
The Grapes of Wrath was written by John Steinbeck. He also wrote The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you read it?
Tropic of Cancer is a Cancer novel written by John Steinbeck and is a Children's literature
You might like The Time Traveler's Wife or The Time Traveler's Wife.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
The Night Watch was written by John Steinbeck and released in 2006.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like the Bruges because it is written by Martin McDonagh?
Yes, he starred in Seven Psychopaths.
Yes, Helena Mattsson starred in Seven Psychopaths which is a Crime Fiction Film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, O Brother, Where Art Thou starred in O Brother, Where Art Thou. It's a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
She also starred in The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. Have you seen it?
She also starred in The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Steenburgen and is a Science Fiction book.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Stead.
I am not sure but I can tell you it was released in English.
He also wrote The Manchurian Candidate and The Invisible Man.
It looks like it was written by Henning Koch and released in 2012.
2012 was a great book. It was written by Robert Mark Kamen and is a Thriller.
Do you like the movie because it's a thriller?
It's a Action and Fantasy movie. Another action movie you might enjoy is World War Z. Have you seen that one yet?
If you are looking for a space sci fi movie, you should try The Time Traveler's Wife. It's a great action movie.
Interstellar stars Jennifer Lawrence and Liam Neeson. Do you like Sci Fi movies?
You're welcome
The Hungers Games: Catching Fire is written by Suzanne Collins and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
He directed American Pie and The Golden Compass. Have you seen either of those?
I don't know who else starred in it, but Chris Weitz wrote and directed it.
She also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine.
You're welcome
Yes, he is a great tennis player. He was born in London and plays on the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
I haven't. I've been to a long time. Who's your favorite tennis player?
I'm not a huge football fan but I do enjoy playing on TV.
Sure, Melina Karakosta wrote Le Petit Prince.
Yes, Le Petit Prince was written by Robert Mark Kamen and was released in 1946.
I do not have that information, but I can tell you Antoine de Saint-Exupéry was written in English.
Do you like X-Men: The Last Stand because it is a superhero movie?
The Last Stand is a Thriller/Drama similar to X-Men: The Last Stand is Avengers.
Logan is a superhero movie starring Tom Hanks and Chris Hemsworth, who is also in Deadpool.
You got it!
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in The Muppets and The Muppets. Have you seen them?
Yes, he directed The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded.
I like dramas like Zoolander and Zoolander. Do you like Zoolander?
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy them.
Peter Bart wrote The Godfather and The Godfather. Have you read them?
Robert Duvall and Marlon Brando all starred in the film.
The Godfather was released in 2001 and stars Marlon Brando and Marlon Brando.
The Green Mile is written by Stephen King, who also wrote The Shawshank Redemption. Do you like Stephen King books?
Stephen King also wrote The Shining, which is a horror novel.
There is a film adaptation of The Dead Zone. It was directed by Stephen King.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Sure, she wrote Orphan Train, have you read that one yet?
She also wrote The Way Life Should Be and The Girl Next Door. Have you read them?
Yes, both books are in the same genre.
I Am Legend starred Will Smith and Morgan Freeman. Would you like to know more about that movie?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you Will Smith also starred in The Pursuit of Happiness. Have you seen that one?
He also starred in I, Robot which is also a Sci-Fi movie.
Hot Fuzz is a Thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like Thrillers?
Hot Fuzz is an action and adventure film. Do you like action or adventure films?
I am not sure but it is a thriller.
I do, he is a lyricist. Do you know him?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is married to Hayden Panettiere, do you know him?
Yes, I do, he is a great singer. Do you like his music?
Harper Lee wrote To Kill a Mockingbird and it was released in 1960.
Yes, the Incredible Journey was written by William Shakespeare.
Yes, I know it was written by Marie Lu, who also starred in The Miserables 2.
I'm not sure, but if you like musicals you'll like The Time Traveler's Wife. It's a great movie.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other information on those films.
Yes, The Deer Hunter is a Thriller, written by Patrick Rothfuss. It is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Deer Hunter was directed by Christopher Bigsby
Meryl Streep also starred in The Muppets
I am not sure but I can tell you it is a drama
I don't know much about them, but I do know they're in the NFC South division
I don't know much about them, but I do know they were runner up in the Super Bowl XLVIII and in the Super Bowl.
Cold Mountain is a war film starring Tom Hanks. Do you like war films?
Yes, I did. Renee Zellweger also starred in The Princess Diaries. Have you seen it?
Cold Mountain is a Thriller and was written by Robert Mark Kamen. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, J.K Simmons is an American professional basketball player who plays point guard for the Portland Trailblazers in 2012.
Yes, he has starred in The Cuckoo's Calling and X-Men 2. Have you seen any of those?
It has a lot of great actors including Katharine McPhee and Jennifer Lawrence. Do you know any of them?
Public Enemies is a Thriller starring Will Smith and Michael Chernus. Do you like Thrillers?
He was also in The Rum Diary and The Rum Diary. Have you seen them?
He's been around for a long time. He's been around a long time.
Great! I'll add it to your watch list.
The Fugitive stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Morgan Freeman.
The Fugitive was released in 2001.
You should. It's a great movie. It's a Thriller.
He was in the Star Wars Holiday Special. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he was in that movie as well. You should check it out.
You're welcome!
Yes, J.M. Barrie wrote The Lord of the Rings and The Lord of the Rings. Have you read them?
I don't know any similar books, but I do know that Peter Pan was influenced by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
It's genre is fiction.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about him, but I know he is a soccer player from France.
He plays for the France national football team. Are you a soccer fan?
You're welcome. Have a good day.
Yes, it is a great movie starring Vin Diesel and Michelle Rodriguez. Do you like Vin Diesel movies?
He also starred in The Chronicles of Riddick which is a action movie. Have you seen it?
I'll add it to your watch list.
Yes, he wrote The World According to Garp. Have you read that one?
Yes he did and Favreau starred in the movie Made, which is a Reality TV drama.
That's a great movie. Did you know Johhy Favreau starred in a comedy comedy film?
Yes, he did and Kevin Nealon also starred in Weird Sisters. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he did. He is a great actor as well as a writer.
The Gazebo is a comedy-drama and also a Thriller. Do you like comedies?
Sure, Seth MacFarlane wrote and directed and starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Sure, Family Guy is a Comedy/drama starring Seth MacFarlane and is a Comedy/drama
Seth MacFarlane wrote and directed and starred in The Big Lebowski
Skyfall is a war film starring Tom Hanks. Do you like war films?
Yes, Rory Kinnear starred in Wilder Napalm and Wildwood Dancing.
It was produced by M. Night Shyamalan and produced by M. Night Shyamalan.
It is a psychological thriller and drama. Do you like those kinds of movies?
I do. Adventure is a horror film starring Matt Damon and was released in 2011.
You're very welcome!
Yes, it is a great book written by Charlaine Harris. Do you like the author Charlaine Harris?
She's a great actress. She's also a writer and a voice actor. She's also a voice actor.
I don't know any other books by him, but I do know that it was released in 2008.
You're welcome.
Yes, I know a few of his movies, including Unleashed and The Muppets. Have you seen those?
It is a crime drama. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Yes, he was. Do you like his acting?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I love Paper Towns written by John Green. Have you read any of his work?
He also wrote The Fault in Our Stars. Have you heard of that one?
The Fault in Our Stars was released in 2014. I don't know when it came out. I don't know much about Paper Towns.
Max Brooks is a Sci-Fi Thriller film starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
It was released in 2002 and is a Thriller/Drama.
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and In Her Shoes. Have you seen any of those?
You might like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee. It's a thriller.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, he wrote Harry potter and the prisoner of Azkaban. Are you a fan of his work?
The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Do you like Fantasy movies?
Orlando Bloom starred in The Fellowship of the Ring and Troy. Have you seen those?
Yes, it was written by Michael Endes and he also wrote The Good Doctor and The Bad Doctor.
Do you like Mission Impossible because Tom Cruise starred in it or because Tom Cruise starred in it?
I don't know much about Tom Cruise, but I do know that Tom Cruise starred in The Last Samurai.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he's a pretty good actor. He starred in Upright Citizens Brigade and The Republic of Love. Have you seen them?
Yes he did and he also wrote The Social Network.
I do like dramas and a lot of people like Justin Timberlake are in that movie as well
Yes, it was written by Ian Fleming and stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Are you a fan of those actors?
If you like spy films, you might also like The Fault in Our Stars. It's a Thriller.
Yes, Sneakers is a Thriller and a Spy Film is also a Thriller.
Yes, he is a Mexican professional football player who plays as a striker for Spanish club Barcelona and the Mexico national team.
I don't know much about soccer, I do know that he is coached by David Beckham. Do you know him?
You're welcome.
The Alchemist is similar to O Alquimista. Have you read it?
Paulo Cohelo wrote The Alchemist, which was released in 1988.
Yes, he is. He also wrote The Name of the Wind and The Time Traveler.
He starred in Water for Elephants and The Princess Diaries. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, she did. She also starred in The Mist and The Green Mile. Have you seen those?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he plays for the Germany national football team.
The Kansas City Chiefs are a professional football team based in the United States. Do you like football?
I like to watch basketball. I'm a big fan of the Dallas Cowboys. What about you do you like?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
The invention of wings is a book written by Christopher Bigsby. It's a speculative fiction.
The Last Samurai is written by Nicholas Sparks and stars Samurai. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, she starred in The Pink Panther 2 along with Tom Cruise. Have you seen it?
Andy Garcia also starred in a romantic comedy called No Strings Attached.
Andy Garcia also starred in The Princess Diaries. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome.
The Dallas Cowboys are a professional football team based in the United States. Do you like football?
I have not, but I can tell you that Ned Beatty is an actor who starred in a lot of movies.
Yes, I saw that one. It was a great movie. Did you know he was also a musician?
I'm a huge fan of rom-com. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan.
Sure, he directed The Mad Ship and The Golden Fool. Have you seen either of those?
It is a drama and a psychological thriller. Do you like those kinds of movies?
You're welcome.
It was written by R.J Palacio and released in 2012.
The Julian chapter is written by R.J Palacio. Are you interested in other books by him?
Yes, he also wrote The Last Anniversary and The Last Anniversary.
I am not sure but I can tell you more about Wonderland.
your welcome
Bill Murray is a great actor. He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and Unstoppable.
I am not sure, but I can tell you that Billy Murray also starred in The Princess Diaries.
She wrote The Scarlet Letter. Have you read it?
She also wrote The Princess and the Frog. Have you read any of these?
Scarlet Letter is a romance novel. Do you like romance?
It was written in 1886 and is in the Romance genre.
Have you read young adult genre? It's Young-adult fiction.
Yes, Persuasion is written by Jane Austen and was released in 1817. It was released in 1817.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She also wrote Pride and Prejudice, as well as Pride and Prejudice.
If you liked Jane Austen, you might also like The House of Seven Gables or The House of Seven Gables.
You're welcome.
Yes, he starred in The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen those?
Tower Heist is a comedy-drama film starring Charlize Theron. Do you like comedies?
Tower Heist is a political thriller and drama. Do you like those types of movies?
You might like The Manchurian Candidate or The Manchurian Candidate.
She wrote оскресение and нна аренина.
Yes, Russian is the translation of Tolstoy's War and Peace into Russian.
You're welcome.
Yes, it is a fantasy movie starring Orlando Bloom and Billy Boyd. Do you like fantasy movies?
Do you like Orlando Bloom? He starred in the movie Troy, which Orlando Bloom starred in.
Yes, I do. It was written by Kim Edwards and released in 2005.
The Memory Keeper's Daughter is a novel. Kim Edwards wrote The Memory Keeper's Daughter. Have you read it?
That's a good one. Do you know who the author is?
Yes, I do. It was written by Neal Stephenson and is a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Sure! He starred in What's Your Number? and The Perfect Score. Have you seen either of those?
It's a romantic comedy starring Matt Damon and Josh Hutcherson. Do you like those?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it was released in 2012.
You're welcome.
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
Yes, Ernest Hemingway is the author of The Great Gatsby.
You're welcome.
You're welcome. Have a good day.
Yes, he is a tennis player from Switzerland. He played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics. Do you like tennis?
I am not a fan of Swiss tennis but I do know he is from Switzerland.
I'm not sure, but I do know he's a tennis player who was in the 2012 Olympics.
Running with Scissors was written by Robert Mark Kamen, who also wrote Sellevision. Have you read it?
A Wolf at the Table is a fictional novel released in 1982. It was written in English and released in 2014.
Yes, it is a sequel to The Wolf at the Table.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Are you interested in books written by Jared Diamond?
It's a suspense/fantasy book.
J.K. Rowling wrote this book.
Wes Craven starred in Scream 4 and V for Vendetta. Have you seen those?
Wes Craven wrote My Soul to Take, have you seen that one?
Yes he does, and he also starred in The Silence of the Lambs.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, I can tell you that she wrote Anne Rice wrote Anne Rice. Are you a fan of hers?
Yes, she did. It was released in 1818 and is a Fantasy genre.
Yes, she wrote The Mummy, Queen of the Damned, and Tuck Everlasting.
The Graveyard Book was written by Neil Gaiman, who also wrote The Graveyard Book. Do you like his work?
Neil Gaiman also wrote The Graveyard Book and The Graveyard Book. Have you read them?
You're welcome.
Lois Lowry wrote The Secret Garden, The Little Friend, and The Little Friend.
The Giver's is a Speculative fiction, and also 'The Giver'' is a Speculative fiction.
The Giver was released in 2010 and also 'The Giver' in'.
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like Leonardo DiCaprio?
Sure, he directed The Stand, which is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, Moon is a suspense starring Tom Hanks. Do you like his acting?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it is a science fiction film.
I don't know much about them, but I do know their coach is Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I haven't been to a long time. I'm a Seattle Seahawks fan since they were runners up in Super Bowl XLIII.
I am not a huge football fan but I do like the Seahawks. Who is your favorite player?
I have, live in person. Have you ever been there?
Do you like it because it is a Thriller or because it is a Fantasy?
Robert Duvall directed Fog City Mavericks
I don't have any other information about that movie, but I can tell you he also directed The Matrix Revisited.
The Bourne Legacy is a thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he is. The Bourne Legacy is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I have. It's a good one. It's a great movie.
Do you like the author J.R.R Tolkien? He wrote The Lord of the Rings.
Yes, and back Again was written by J.R.R. Tolkien
I have not seen it, but I know it is a fairy tale. Do you like fairy tales?
I do not. I am not sure who starred in it, but I do know it was directed by David Ayer.
I am not sure. I do know he starred in The Princess Diaries. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
The Lightning Thief was written by Rick Riordan and is in the Young-adult Fiction genre. Do you like those genres?
I haven't, but I know Rick Riordan wrote The Son of Sobek, have you read that one?
Percy Jackson is a Fantasy and Fantasy. Do you like Fantasy books?
I hope you enjoy it!
She starred in The Rum Diary and The Rum Diary. Have you seen either of those?
She wrote The Princess Diaries which is a romantic comedy. Do you like romance?
I do not have that information, but I can tell you it is a drama.
Inception was written by Christopher Nolan and stars Tom Berenger. Do you like Tom Hardy?
The Prestige is starring Christopher Nolan. Christopher Nolan also wrote The Dark Knight.
For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Frank Darabont and is in the Fiction genre. Do you like books in the same genre?
Yes, he wrote To Have and Have Not and The Sun Also Rises. Both are great books.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Stefan Kapicic starred in Deadpool and in Deadpool. Have you seen either of those?
I do not know who else starred in Deadpool
Deadpool has genre Thriller
I think he's a great basketball player, but I don't know much about him. I'm more of a basketball fan.
I don't know much about him, but I know he's a basketball player. Do you like him?
I don't know too much about him, I don't know if he's a person.
The Fault in Our Stars is written by John Green. He also wrote Paper Towns. Have you read it?
The Fault in Our Stars is a Young-adult fiction book written by John Green. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Then you'll like The Fault in Our Stars written by John Green and is a drama.
This book was written by John Green, who also wrote Paper Towns and Looking for Alaska.
You're welcome
Sure, James Franco starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen.
Whatever It Takes is a romantic comedy starring James Franco and was released in 2012. It is also a drama.
I don't know when it was released, but it is a Romantic Comedy
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, she wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. Are you a fan of hers?
Yes, it is considered a fiction and a children's literature. Do you like fiction?
Yes, it is. You might also like the Harry Potter series, The Prisoner of Azkaban
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you seen it?
Yes, it was written by Robert Duvall and stars Timothy Spall. Are you a fan of Robert Duvall?
It's a great movie. Did you know Robert Duvall also starred in The Lord of the Rings?
It's a horror film. Do you like horror films?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Yes, I do. He directed The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and The Amazing Spider-Man 2.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you more about Tod Fennell. Would you like me to send it to you?
I'm not sure, but I do know that it is a Thriller.
You're welcome.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She also wrote Lord of War. Have you read that one?
She has also written Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility. Have you read those?
She wrote White Oleander and Paint It Black. Have you read them?
Paint It Black was released in 1981 and the genre is fiction.
You're welcome.
Akira Kurosawa passed away in 1962. He directed The Seven Samurai. Have you seen that one?
If you like adventure movies, I would recommend The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. Have you seen them?
Seven Samurai starred Keanu Reeves and Samurai. Would you like to hear more about them?
Sure, I'll do that right away.
It was directed by J.K. Rowling, who also directed Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets.
Yes, he wrote Les Miserables. Have you read it?
Yes,It was also released in 1862
Yes, he also wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard
Looksward and World After is written by William Shakespeare
Once Upon a Time in the West was written by Mickey Knox. Do you like Mickey Knox movies?
Shane is a shane shane who also starred in Won't Back Again, have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Sure, he wrote Where the Wild Things Are and The Poisonwood Bible. Have you read those?
You might also like the Harry Potter series, or the Prisoner of Azkaban.
You're welcome.
Yes, he is a great author. He wrote The Old Curiosity Shop and The Old Curiosity Shop.
He also wrote The Old Curiosity Shop and The Old Curiosity Shop.
Yes, he did. A Tale of Two Cities was released in 1851 and is in the Fiction genre.
That's correct! That was a great year for books.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
He is a basketball player from Oklahoma City, and plays point guard for the Seattle Supersonics.
I do. I'm more of a basketball fan
I like to watch basketball. I'm more of a baseball fan.
No, I haven't. I'll have to check them out. Thanks for the information.
Yes, it is a great movie. It was written by James Dashner and stars Scarlett Johansson. Have you seen it?
He directed a lot of movies, including Unleashed and Unleashed. Have you seen any of those?
I'm not sure, but Pan's Labyrinth is a comedy-drama like Hellboy.
Yes, it is. It's a children's literature written by Ayn Rand. Do you like children's literature?
Yes, Ayn Rand wrote We Are the Living as well as We Are the Living. Are you a Science Fiction writer?
It was released in 1957 and Ayn Rand also wrote We the Living. Have you read it?
If I Stay was written by Gayle Forman and is in the Romance genre. Do you like the Romance genre?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you more young-adult fiction examples are; Where the Wild Things Are, Wildwood Dancing, and Wildwood Dancing.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome.
Mark Osborne starred in The Little Prince, The Little Prince, and The Little Prince. Have you seen them?
Yes, Seth Rogan was in that film as well as The Little Prince. Do you like Seth Rogan?
I'm not sure about any other films he's acted in but I can tell you that he also starred in A Bug's Life which is a comedy.
Great! I'll add it to your watch list.
It was written by james Patterson and released in 2001. Do you like the author James Patterson?
Sure, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and The Great Gilly Hopkins. Have you read either of those?
Yes, The Great Gilly Hopkins is a Speculative fiction book. Other fiction books you might enjoy are; Where the Wild Things Are and Where Rainbows End. Have you read those?
You're very welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about them, I know they are owned by Wayne Weaver. Are you a fan of them?
I don't know much about the basketball team. I'm more of a basketball fan. Are you a basketball fan?
I do. I'm more of a basketball fan. I'm more of a basketball fan.
I'm more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan. What about you?
Yes, he is a cricket player from Delhi. Do you like cricket?
Yes, he is a football player. I like American football.
Coyote Ugly is a romantic comedy. Do you like comedies?
Sure, John Boyne wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read it?
The Boy in the Striped Pajamas is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 1980 and is in the genre of Children's literature.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it was directed by M. Night Shyamalan and starred Morgan Freeman.
Blood In, Blood Out is a Thriller/Drama starring Katharine McPhee and Michael Caine.
Blood In, Blood Out was released in 2014.
You're welcome.
Divergent is a Thriller starring Kate Beckinsale and Kate Beckinsale. Do you like those actors?
If you like young adult films, you might also like The Hunger Games: Catching Fire. It's also a Young-adult film.
Sure! It was written by Tatiana de Rosnay and released in 2007 in English.
Yes, she did and it was released in 2007.
I'm not sure, but it was released in English.
You're welcome.
Anna Sewell wrote the book Black Beauty. Have you read it?
Anna Sewell was born in London. She is also a teacher.
You're welcome.
I'm not a big fan of their music but I do like their music. I like them all the way back to being a singer. Do you like them?
Yes, he does. He was also in the movie The Voice. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure if it's a TV show but it is a comedy.
Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline and was released in 2013.
Orphan Train is considered a historical novel. Do you like historical novels?
Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline. She also wrote A Thousand Splendid Suns, which was released in 2013.
You're welcome.
L.A. Confidential is a Thriller starring Kevin Spacey, Matt Damon, and Matt Damon. Do you like Thrillers?
I'm not sure who starred in that movie, but I do know that it was directed by James Ellroy.
I'm not sure but I can tell you more about it.
You're welcome.
Yes, J.J. Cohen starred in Back to the Future. Have you seen it?
If you like Adventure and Sci fi movies you should check out Out of the Dust with Steve Buscemi. It's a great family movie.
Yes, CCH Pounder is an author who wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Mortal Instruments.
Yes, it also has genre Mystery as well as a horror.
Zodiac is a mystery and horror film. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
I don't know too much about him, but I do know he is an athlete.
Yes, he does. Do you like the Seahawks?
I don't really watch football. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan.
Yes, Hayao Miyazaki directed and wrote The Lord of the Rings. Have you seen it?
It's a great family movie. It stars Seth Rogen, a great actor. It's also considered a drama.
Princess Mononoke is an American film based on Greek Mythology. It was directed by Rian Johnson.
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy!
The Bourne Identity is a Thriller and stars Matt Damon. Do you like Thriller movies?
That's a true story. One of my favorites is X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you heard of that one?
Great! I'll add that one to your list.
It's a psychological thriller and Thriller. It's similar to The Bourne Identity.
You got it! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
I'm not sure if he played for any other teams but I do know he's a football player.
Hope they have a good season this year
Bruce Willis starred in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen that one?
Have you seen The Devil Wears Prada? It's a classic.
I'm not sure who else starred in that movie, but Charles Bronson also starred in The Matrix Revisited.
Yes, Elisabeth Shue is a Thriller and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Will do! Hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome.
Gran Torino is a movie starring Clint Eastwood and Clint Eastwood. Do you like Clint Eastwood movies?
Warm Bodies starred Cory Hardrict and Clint Eastwood. Do you like Cory Hardrict?
I am not sure but Cory Hardrict starred in The Day with Cory Hardrow.
You're welcome.
Brandon Sanderson wrote Radiance and Warbreaker. Have you read either of those?
It's a fantasy novel. Do you like those types of books?
It was released in 2003 and is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
You're welcome
Do you like the movie because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
There's so many! One of my favorites is The Princess Bride. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure, but I do know she starred in The Princess Diaries. Have you seen that one?
Ender's Game was written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote Lord of War. Have you read that one?
You might also like Zoe's Tale and Xenocide. They are both Speculative fiction.
You might also like Zoe's Tale. It is a speculative fiction.
Great! I hope you enjoy them!
Sure, he directed The Muppets and The Muppets. Have you seen those?
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen it?
You are welcome.
Anthony Daniels starred in The Improbable Adventures of Sherlock Holmes and The Prisoner of Azkaban. Have you seen them?
He also starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. It is a Sci-Fi movie.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Forrest Gump starring Tom Hanks is similar to Forrest Gump
I'm sorry I don't have any information about that movie
You're welcome
I like Christmas Carol, it was written by Charles Dickens. Do you like Christmas movies?
Mickey's Christmas Carol is a great Christmas movie. Do you like Christmas movies?
Yes, The Black Cat was also released in 1843 and is a Gothic Fiction.
I don't know too much about the 19th century, but I can tell you more about Evernight Fingersmith.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Gary Kubiak.
I don't know much about Ryan Moats. I don't know much about Ryan Moats. Are they a football team?
John Madden was drafted with the Seattle Seahawks.
I did not know that. Is there anything else I can help with?
Watership Down was written by James Dashner and is a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy?
Yes, you are correct. The Lord of the Rings is also a speculative fiction.
Yes, The Two Towers is Speculative fiction as well as Speculative fiction.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt. Do you know them?
I'm not sure but they were the runner up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
I would say it's been a long time since they were runner ups in Super Bowl XLVIII and Super Bowl XLI.
Brad Pitt is a great actor. He starred in The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded. Do you like dramas?
If you like historical films, you might also like Troy: The Time Traveler's Wife. It's a great one.
It's a great movie. It was written and directed by David Ayer, who also directed Troy. You might like that one.
Will do. Enjoy the movie.
Yes, it is a great Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi stars Robert Downey Jr. and is a Sci-Fi/ Fantasy. Do you like those types of movies?
It's a great movie! It's a sequel to Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi. It's a Sci-Fi movie.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, 50/50 is a Comedy/drama film starring Kevin Spacey. Do you like his acting?
Yes, he was. I'm not sure if he is in that movie.
I don't have anymore information about that show, but I can tell you it is a comedy/drama.
Do you like books written by Nicholas Sparks? He also wrote Walk to Remember.
It was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like his books?
Yes, it was written for teens. It's a Young-adult fiction book.
I think he's a good football player, but I don't know much about him.
I like Wildcats and Rudy too. Did you know he also starred in The Green Hornet?
Yes, I loved him in Couples Retreat. Did you know he is also an actor?
Aliens is a sci-fi starring James Cameron. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Volcano is a Sci-Fi movie and the Transformer series is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, he also starred in a movie called X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was in Dante's Peak as well as a horror movie. Do you like horror movies?
You're welcome.
The Butterfly Effect is a Thriller starring Roald Dahl and Kate Beckinsale. Do you like Thrillers?
William Scott also starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Shark Night is a thriller starring Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee
Leonard Nimoy starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader and The Seabiscuit. Have you seen either of those?
I'm not sure, but Walter Koeing starred in The Voyage Home. Would you like to know more about it?
The Voyage Home is a comedy. Walter Koeing also starred in the movie A Bug's Life. It's a Sci-Fi movie.
You're welcome!
Have a great day!
Inside Man is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
If you like Thrillers you should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee.
You are welcome.
Cesc Fabregas is a Spanish professional football player who plays as a striker for Spanish club Barcelona and the Spain national team.
I don't know much about American Football, but I do know it's a soccer movie. Do you know who it is?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he's from Spain.
I don't know much about them, I'm more of a basketball fan. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a basketball player.
Yes and he also coaches the Chicago Bears.
Yes, Memento is a thriller starring Christian Bale and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Christopher Nolan starred in The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
Yes, I have seen Wild at Heart and Transformers. Do you like dramas?
Yes, he is a singer, songwriter, and a musician. He is also a musician.
Rita Ora is a singer, songwriter, and musician. She was born in Los Angeles and participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
You're welcome. Enjoy the music!
Yes, he starred in The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug, and The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug.
Adam Brown starred in The Hobbit and also in The Dark Knight Rises. Have you seen them?
Great, I'll add that one to your list.
You got it
Great, have a good day!
Yes, he is a basketball player who plays point guard for the Houston Rockets. Do you like basketball?
I don't know much about him. I know he plays for the Houston Rockets.
Yes, he is a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
That was a great movie! It was written by George Lucas. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, he also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine
X-Men Origins:Wolverine is a great movie
You're welcome
Crescendo is a speculative fiction book written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like that genre?
She also wrote Silence and Hush, Hush. Have you read either of those?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
The Maze Runner was written by James Dashner, who also wrote The Scorch Trials and The Scorch Trials.
The Scortch Trails is starring Rosa Salazar and Jada Pinkett Smith.
You're welcome.
Sure, he starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and X-Men: First Class. Have you seen any of those?
I'm not sure if it is similar but it is a drama like Prince of Persia.
Yes, The Day After Tomorrow is a favorite of mine, which is a drama and a crime drama.
Yes, he directed Friends with Benefits and Friends with Benefits. Have you seen those?
Annie is a Thriller/Drama starring Will Gluck and Will Gluck.
He also starred in a movie called Friends with Benefits, have you seen it?
The Notebook was written by Nicholas Sparks. Are you interested in other books by him?
Yes, he was the author of Message in a Bottle.
I do not know where the author was born. Are you a fan of The Notebook?
Yes, he is the author of both The Notebook and The Message in the Botte.
Yes, he did. He was influenced by Hayao Miyazaki.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it was written by Twilight: The Complete Illustrated Movie Companion and is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, it was written in English and was released in 2006.
You're welcome.
That was written by Nicholas Sparks, who also wrote Where the Wild Things Are.
Chris Bigsby wrote The Crucible. Have you read it?
Yes, it was written by Christopher Bigsby. He also wrote The Crucible.
He also wrote The Crucible. He also wrote The Crucible.
You might also enjoy The Crucible. It was written by David Ayer.
The Denver Broncos are a professional football team based in Chicago, Illinois
Yes, they are. Do you like Super Bowls?
They seem to be having a good season but they are not looking for a specific season but they are looking for a new team.
Lolita is a romantic drama written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like romantic dramas?
Pale Fire is a Thriller/Drama that was released in 2012.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome.
Yes, he is a great singer. Did you know he's also a singer?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Jessica Biel also starred in Valentine's Day. Have you seen it?
Yes, I have. It is a great movie. It was written by Ben Stiller and also starred Stephen Fry.
Similar to Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince, both are written by J.K. Rowling.
You might enjoy The Casual Vacancy, Parts One, Parts One and Two, written by J.K. Rowling. Have you read any of the Harry Potter books?
It's a fantasy novel set in the fantasy genre. It's similar to Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince.
Do you like that book because it's an autobiography?
It was released in 2005 and is an autobiography that was released in 2002.
It was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes, J.K. Rowling also wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard and The Casual Vacancy.
Yes, it was released in English and released in English.
I'm not sure, but it is in English.
I don't have that information, but I do know that it was released in English.
You're welcome.
Total Recall is a Sci-Fi movie starring Tom Cruise. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
I don't know much about him, I know he is a football player. I know he plays for the France national football team.
Is James Harden a basketball player?
I'm not a huge fan of that TV show but I do enjoy reality TV shows.
I'm not a big American TV fan but I'm more of a baseball fan.
I'm not sure of the ones I've seen. But I do know he is married to Gisele.
Yes, Inception is starring Tom Hardy and Christopher Nolan. Do you like Tom Hardy?
Yes, she did. She also starred in The Prestige. Have you seen it?
It is a film based on the novel of the same name written by Christopher Nolan. It was released in 2012.
You got it! I hope you enjoy!
Rob Reiner is an author. He wrote Fast and Furious.
Sure, he also directed X-Men 2. Have you seen that one yet?
I don't know which ones he produced but I do know he produced The Fault in Our Stars.
You are welcome.
Yes, he wrote The Passion of the Christ. Have you read that one?
I'm not sure, but Willow Frost is classified as a fiction book.
You're welcome.
I agree, she's a good actress. I liked her in the movie Spring Breakers. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure who else was in that movie, but Selena Gomez was also in Spring Breakers. She's a great actress.
It's a drama. I'm not sure if it's a genre but it's more of a thriller.
Do you like Michael Parks because it's a Thriller?
Yes, they were the runner ups in Super Bowl XLVIII and Super Bowl XLVIII.
Yes, I am a baseball fan. My favorite team is the Dodgers. Do you like baseball?
I don't know too much about baseball but I do know the Red Sox are part of the American League. Do you know who the team is?
I think he's a good golfer, but I don't know much about him. I know he won a lot of PGA Championships right?
I don't know too much about him, but I do know he won the 2012 PGA Championship.
I don't know anything about Phil Mickelson, do you know who he is?
The Hurt Locker is starring Kathryn Bigelow and Katharine McPhee
Yes he was, and Evangeline Lilly also starred in Thor.
Sure, it's a great movie. It was written and directed by Ang Lee. Would you like me to play it for you?
Sure, I can do that for you.
I know they play in the National Football League. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure but Josh Rosen is a quarterback
I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. What about you?
I know he's a soccer player, but I don't know much about him. I'm more of a soccer fan. Do you?
I don't know much about soccer, I don't know much about it. I'm more of a soccer fan. Who's your favorite player?
I don't know much about soccer. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
It was written in English and released in 1985. It was written by Gabriel Garcia Marquez.
I don't know any other books by Debora Smith, but I can tell you she is a translator.
Yes, it is written in English.
Along Came a Spider is written by James Dashner. Do you like books by him?
Yes, it is a Thriller and is also a Thriller.
It was written by James Dashner and released in 2012.
You're welcome.
Yes, Atonement is written by Ian McEveety and stars Thomas Lennon. Are you a fan of his work?
Some of the Romance films that you might enjoy include The Jungle Book and The Jungle Book 2. Have you seen them?
Yes, The Sun Also Rises is more of a drama, and The Time Traveler's Wife is more of a political thriller.
Yes, he wrote Lord of War. Have you read that one?
You might also like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee and Katharine McPhee. It is a horror film.
Sure, some of the actors in the film include Steve Buscemi and Steve Buscemi. Have you seen any of them?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Snow Flower and the Secret Fan is a Speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
The Lady in the Lake is a Historical period drama.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Saina Nehwal is a professional badminton player from India. Is that your favorite sport?
Yes, she was. Did you know she also starred in The Princess Diaries?
The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet is the same book as Hamlet, Prince of Denmark.
If you liked Romeo and Juliet, you might also enjoy A Midsummer Night's Dream. Have you seen that one?
Yes, she also wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream. Have you read that one?
Sense and Sensibility was written by Jane Austen. She also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility.
I think he's a good singer, but I don't know much about him. Do you like him?
I don't know too much about Anna Kournikova, but I do know she starred in a movie called No Country for Old Men. Have you seen it?
If you like dance-pop movies, you might also enjoy The Subterraneans or The Subterraneans. Have you seen those?
The Aviator stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Cruise. Are you a fan of Tom Cruise?
The Aviator also stars Leonardo DiCaprio and is a horror film. Do you like horror?
I am not sure, but I can tell you Kelli also starred in The Last Samurai. Have you seen it?
You got it!
Sure, Spike Lee directed Escape from New York, which is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, she is. You should check it out. Jennifer Esposito starred in The Spike Lee movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, she wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read them?
The Swan Thieves is a young-adult fiction novel and The Historian is a fantasy novel.
It is a drama and a suspense
Sure, I can do that for you.
Yes, he is a professional golfer from London. Do you like golf?
i don't know much about golf. do you know who he is?
yes she is. do you like tennis?
Football is my favorite. do you have a favorite team?
i have never been to a live game game. do you have a favorite sport?
i love the Dallas Cowboys. who is your fav?
The Atlanta Falcons are a professional football team based in Atlanta, Georgia.
Georgia Dome is a star in the National Football League.
Who owns the New Orleans Saints? I am a Patriots fan.
She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Elie Wiesel.
Yes, I do. It was released in 1958 and is a speculative fiction.
Yes, The Man in Havana was a great book. I think you'd like it.
Ethan Suplee starred in Vulgar and Vulgar. Have you seen those?
Vulgar is a crime drama starring Ethan Suplee. Ethan Suplee also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was. He also starred in The Longest Yard. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Coldplay is a band based on rock and rock. Do you like rock?
Yes, Gwyneth Paltrow is with Woody Harrelson.
I'm not sure if that's a case.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Tom Brady.
Yes, it is a good one.
That's a good one. It's a National Football team coached by John Fox.
Oh, he's a great player. I don't know much about him. But I do know he is a quarterback.
Terry George directed The Sworn Sword. Have you heard of it?
I'm not sure if he has directed anything else.
Hotel Rwanda is a drama and a crime drama.
You're welcome!
Sure! Beatrix Potter wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard, The Tales of Beedle the Bard, and The Book of Mormon. Have you read any of those?
I don't know, but The Tales of Peter Rabbit was released in 2001.
I'm not sure, but it was released in 1905 and is in the Fiction genre.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by William Shakespeare. Are you a fan of his work?
He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Turbo is a thriller and The Croods is a biographical film.
It is a Thriller and Drama.
Yes, The Proposal is a romantic comedy.
Alice In Wonderland was written by Tim Burton. He also wrote Alice in Wonderland.
He also wrote Alice in Wonderland. What else can i do for you?
Great! Anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome. Have a good day.
Do you like the Incredibles because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Then you'll like Zoolander 2 and Zoolander 2. Both are family friendly movies.
I don't know who else starred in Ratatouille, but I do know that John Ratzenberger also starred in Ratatouille.
Yes, he is a basketball player who plays point guard for the Denver Nuggets.
I don't really know much about it, I don't really know much about it. What about you do you know about it?
I don't know much about football, I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan.
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you do you like?
I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan.
Yes, it is a great movie starring Brad Pitt and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, I love her music. My favorite song is Whatcha say. Do you know her?
Yes, I like that song too. I also like her when she was young, and she is a great singer. Do you like her?
I don't know much about her music but I do know that she has a regular appearance on The Voice. I am not a big fan of her music.
I like Heavy metal, but I'm more of a Heavy Metal fan. I'm more of a Heavy Metal fan.
Yes, Hot Fuzz is a comedy starring Kristen Stewart and Katharine McPhee. It's a romantic comedy
Do you like Shooter because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
You might like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee. It is a thriller.
Rum Diary is a Thriller starring Matt Damon, who also starred in The Rum Diary
You're welcome, enjoy!
I think he's a good golfer from Dallas. Do you like golf?
Yes, he's a great golfer. Do you like golf?
No, I haven't but I do enjoy golf. Do you have a favorite?
Serenity is a great movie. Some of the actors in that movie include Jennifer Lawrence and Liam Neeson. Have you seen it?
You might like the movie Serenity. It's a psychological thriller and suspense movie.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
I'm not sure, but it is also a Sci-Fi movie.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a writer. He wrote The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban.
Be Kind Remind starred Keanu Reeves and Ben Stiller. Would you like to see it?
I do! I love their music! My favorite song is The Bluest Eye. Do you like them?
I like their song a lot, but I'm not a huge fan of their music. Do you know who they are?
I like that song too, I'm a big fan of their music. Do you know if they are in a relationship?
I am not a huge fan of his music but I do know he is a singer and a musician. Do you like him?
I don't know too much about Diana Ross, but I do know that he's a singer and a musician.
I'm not too much into drama but I do like it. It's a great movie.
Sergio Agüero plays for the Argentina National Football team.
I don't know much about soccer, I don't know much about it. I do know he is a soccer player. I don't know much about him.
I like Manuel Pellegrini, he's a great player. He's a forward and a forward.
Do you like Shrek because it's a family movie?
Are you interested in movies starring David Schneider?
I do not know who stars in that movie, but I can tell you it is a comedy-drama.
You're welcome.
Sure, Lea Thompson starred in The Matrix Reloaded and in The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen those?
The Wild Life is a drama and The Little Rascals was directed by Lea Thompson. Do you like dramas?
The Wild Life is a drama and a psychological thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Becca Fitzpatrick wrote Hush, Hush, Hush, and Shrek. Have you read any of these?
I don't know what other books she wrote, but I do know she also wrote Silence.
I'm not sure, but I do know that it was released in 2012
You're welcome.
I'm not sure who directed it, but I do know it was written by Ian Fleming.
He also directed The Simpsons movie. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure who starred in that movie, but it was directed by David Silverman.
You too!
Gore Verbinski directed Rango which is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Rango is a Thriller/Drama film starring Al Pacino. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, Rango is considered a thriller and a crime drama.
You're welcome!
21 Jump Street is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Ride Along has a genre of Thriller and Comedy.
You're welcome.
I'm sorry, I don't have access to that information right now.
Yes, I do. She wrote A Little Princess. Have you read it?
The Tale of the Body Thief is a great children's literature written by William Shakespeare. Do you like childrens literature?
The Vampire Chronicles is a great book! It was written by James Dashner and is a children's literature.
The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins, who also wrote Gregor and the Marks of Athena.
The Passage was released in 2012. It's a Thriller/Drama.
You're welcome.
Yes, she wrote Mansfield Park. Have you heard of it?
Mansfield Park is genre Historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
Yes, I do. Then you might also like The Time Traveler's Wife. It's a romance novel.
I'm not sure, but I do know that it is a mystery.
I haven't seen Murder on the the Orient Express, but I haven't seen it yet.
Victor Hugo wrote The Man in the High Castle and The Man in the High Castle.
These books fall into the genre of speculative fiction.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Sure, she starred in Amelie. Do you like French movies?
Sure, Amelie is a romantic drama and a romance film. It was directed by Frances Hodgson Burnett.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I don't know any of his songs, but I do know he is a singer. Do you like him?
Yes, he is. He was born in Leesburg.
I don't know what record he has with, but I do know he is a singer.
Marlon Brando is a great actor. He starred in The Young Lions and The Wild One. Have you seen them?
Viva Zapata is a Young Lions, The Young Lions, The Other Boleyn Girl, and The Other Boleyn Girl.
Viva Zapata is a drama and drama. Is that what you'd like to see?
I don't know much about him, but I know he's a basketball player. He plays point guard right?
Yes, I am a basketball fan. Do you know who is he?
Yes, and he also won the NBA All-Rookie Team
Yes, he also won the NBA All-Rookie Team
Mervryn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
I'm not sure but it was written in English.
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
Luigi Pistilli wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
I don't have that information, but Luigi Pistilli also starred in The Good and the Ugly.
Yes, she was in the Notebook which is a Thriller as well.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you enjoy drinking? It's a Romantic Comedy.
I don't know too much about her, but I can tell you she starred in the movie Valentine's Day.
He also starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, which is a comedy.
Ok, I will send it right to you.
I don't know too much about Gabourey Sidibe, but I do know she starred in the movie Is there anything else I can help you with
Sure, do you like it because it is a superhero movie or because it is a superhero movie?
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a good fantasy movie. It's similar to The Prestige.
X-Men: Days of Future Past is a good adventure movie. Have you seen it?
Starsky & Starsky is a blockbuster. i think you will like it
I hope you enjoy it.
L.M Montgomery wrote Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth. Have you read that one yet?
The Blue Castle was released in 1960.
There's a Wocket in My Pocket was also released in 1926
Sure, Christopher Meloni starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and the Watchmen. Have you seen any of those?
Then you might also like The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. It's a good one.
I'm not sure who else stars in Rodanthe, but I highly recommend it.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Shawshank Redemption is written by Stephen King. Are you a fan of Stephen King?
Yes he did, and he also starred in The Green Mile.
Have you seen The Green Hornet? It is a horror movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know a little about him, I know he's a singer, song writer and songwriter. He was a song writer. Do you like him?
Yes, he is a great singer, songwriter and musician. He is also a musician and a musician. Do you know him?
I like his music a lot. My favorite artist is Sid Haig. Do you know him?
I like him too. He's a great singer.
The Interview was written by Cyrus Nowrasteh and he also directed The Young Messiah.
it is a Thriller and Drama. Do you like that genre?
you are welcome have a good day
you're welcome.
Do you like it because it is a comedy or because it is a comedy?
I don't know when it came out, but I do know Judd Apatow is a comedy-drama.
I don't know too much about Ray Romano, but I do know he starred in The Wash and The Wash.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Paul Pogba is going to play for Manchester United F.C. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, they were the runner up in the 1976 Cup Final.
I do like American Football. What is your favorite team?
I don't know if he is a person like Ryan Griggs. I do know he is a coach.
Yes, he is a great author. He wrote The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban. Have you read it?
It's a romance film. Do you like romance films?
Yes he did. He also directed The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which is a comedy.
Sue Monk Kidd was influenced by William Shakespeare. Are you a fan of hers?
I do not have any information on one of her peers, but I can tell you she is a writer.
Yes, he is from the US.
Barbara Kingsolver starred in The Lacuna and The Lacuna. Have you seen them?
The Poisonwood Bible is a Historical period drama.
Zoe's Tale is a horror novel written by John Scalzi and a speculative fiction.
You're welcome.
I think she's a great singer and actress. She starred in Princess Protection Program and Camp Rock.
Yes, he did. That was a romantic comedy. Do you like those kinds of movies?
I'm not sure about Tommy Chong, but I can tell you more about Ashton Kutcher if you'd like.
Dead to the World was written by Charlaine Harris and is in the Fantasy genre. Do you like those genres?
Have you read Dead to the World? It's a great Speculative fiction.
It's a great Speculative fiction book written by Charlaine Harris. It's also considered a Drama.
You're welcome!
Do you like Quantum of Solace because it's a Thriller?
Skyfall is a Thriller/Drama.
I do not have information about that. However, I can tell you Skyfall is a thriller.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know too much about them, but I do know they are owned by M Denise Debartolo York.
I'm not sure, but I know Mike Zimmer was a coach.
They were the runners up in Super Bowl XXXVIII and Super Bowl XLIII.
Yes, it's a great movie. It was written by Robert Mark Kamen and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I like thrillers like Shark Night, X-Men Origins:Wolverine and X-Men: First Class. Have you seen any of these?
I have not, but I will add it to my watch list.
I do like hip hop. I also like the movie X-Men Origins. Have you seen it?
I like rock. I'm more of a Beatles fan.
Yes, Zipper was released in 2015. I highly recommend it.
Yes, it is written by John Green and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Yes, it is. It is also Young-adult fiction.
You are welcome.
I know that TRON Legacy was written by Neil Gaiman and he is a great actor. Do you like his work?
Olivia Wilde also starred in The Wedding Belles.
Working Girl is a romantic comedy and also starred Olivia Wilde and Anthony Hopkins.
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote Teacher Man. Have you read it?
It's a baseball movie. It's considered a drama.
I haven't seen any of them, but I've been there for a long time. I've been there.
You're welcome!
Do you like the movie because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Channing Tatum starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen that one?
I don't know when it came out, but Channing Tatum also starred in The Jungle Booker.
Your welcome.
Yes, that was a great book. It was written by William Shakespeare. Are you a fan of his work?
She has a great voice. She's a great actress. She has a wonderful voice. She's also a singer and a singer. Do you like her?
Yes, that was a funny one. She also starred in The Princess Diaries.
I don't know anything about her impersonations, but I do know she is a great actress.
Yes, you are correct. She passed a lot of people in that show. She has a wonderful voice.
You're welcome. I hope you like it.
The Hobbit: There's a Wocket in My Pocket was released in 2002.
1937 was the year that released The Lord of the Rings was released.
The Rock was directed by Steven Spielberg and released in 1996. Do you like his movies?
Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee.
You're right, I don't know much about him, but I do know he starred in The House Bunny.
Yes, he is an American professional football player who plays point guard for the Rodriguez National Football team. Are you a fan?
I am not a huge fan but I do enjoy American Football. How about you?
He plays midfielder and he is a midfielder.
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski and stars Keanu Reeves. Do you like her movies?
X-Men Origins:Wolverine is a fantasy and sci-fi movie.
You're welcome.
Harold Ramis directed and starred in X-Men 2. Have you seen that one yet?
Groundhog Day is a comedy-drama starring Matt Damon. Do you like comedy-drama movies?
Yes, Groundhog Day is a romantic comedy. It is a great movie.
Sure, he starred in Kill Bill Vol. 1 and Kill Bill Vol 2. Have you seen any of those?
The Sky Crawlers came out in 2014. It also starred Tom Hanks. Have you seen it?
I don't have any information on that, but I can tell you The Sky Crawlers was released in 2014.
I don't have any information on that, but I can tell you Sky Crawlers was directed by David Ayer.
Sure, I can do that for you.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a children's literature written by William Shakespeare. Do you like children's literature?
W.W. Denslow also wrote Ozma of Oz and W.W. Denlow also wrote that one.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I have not heard of her song, but I know she is friends with Selena Gomez.
No, I haven't heard it. What about you? Do you know who it is?
I don't know too much about her music, but I do enjoy electronic dance music. Do you know who she is?
He's written a lot of movies. He was influenced by Truman Capote's In Cold Blood, and he also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's. Have you heard of that one?
I do not know who starred in that movie, but I do know it is a drama film.
Breakfast at Tiffany's also starred Robert Duvall and Channing Tatum.
Yes, I do. Steve Jobs Jobs is an American businessman and he was born in Oakland. Are you interested in his work?
Sure, he starred in the movies Steve Jobs Jobs and the Return of the King, which is a Thriller.
Its a drama. Do you like drama?
You're welcome.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
I'm not sure, but I can tell you he also starred in The Princess Bride. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you The Art of the Things Things I Hate About You is a good one. Have you seen it?
He wrote The Muppets and The Muppets. Have you read those?
He also wrote The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban.
The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary was released in 2010
your welcome
I don't know much about him, but I do know he's a basketball player. Do you like him?
I'm more of a basketball fan. I don't know much about basketball. I'm more of a basketball fan.
Yes, I do know that Larry Bird is a basketball player. I'm not sure if they are linked to the Association.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they were the runner up in Super Bowl XLVIII.
I don't know much about them, but Terry Collins is a good player. Do you like him?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who's your favorite team?
I think he's a good soccer player, but I don't know much about him. Are you a fan?
I don't know too much about him, I don't know much about him. I'm more of a soccer fan.
I don't know too much about him, but I do know he's a basketball player.
Stephen Sommers directed The Mummy Returns, The Mummy Returns, and The Mummy Returns. Have you seen any of these?
The Mummy Returns is considered a thriller and drama. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure if it's Fantasy, but it's considered a fantasy. You might also like The Mummy Returns by Stephen Sommers.
I'm not sure, but it's considered a fantasy as well as a fantasy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like Trainspotting because it is a Thriller movie?
You might also enjoy The House of Seven Pounds, which is an Indie Film starring Shirley Henderson.
It is an Indie film, and also a Thriller. Do you like Indie films?
Yes, it's a great movie. It was written by Michael Connelly and a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
If you like action movies, you might also like World War Z or X-Men Origins:Wolverine. Have you seen those?
Pound of Flesh is a great movie. It was written by Robert Mark Kamen, who also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
You're welcome.
Sure, I can tell you he wrote Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth. Have you read either of those?
I'm not sure, but if you like young adult fiction, you might also like The Pillars of the Earth or The Sea of Monsters. Have you read those?
I'm not sure about that one, but I can tell you it is part of a series.
You might also enjoy the Lord of the Rings series, or the Lord of the Rings series.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Frank Darabont and is in the Children's literature genre. Do you like children's literature?
It's a Thriller.
I'm not sure if it's more romance but I can tell you more about For Whom the Bell Tolls.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Tom Brady.
I don't know too much about them, but I do know they're coached by Gary Kubiak.
He's married to Gisele Bundchen. She's a great wife.
The Town was written by Ben Affleck. Ben Affleck also starred in The Town. Ben Affleck also starred in The Town.
Peter Craig also starred in The Town and Rachel Blake
Yes. Eli Craig directed and produced it.
Great. Hope you enjoy it.
Do you like the movie because it is a Sci-Fi or because it is a comedy?
X-Men: Days of Future Past is a great Sci-Fi movie. Have you seen it?
It is a great movie starring Tom Hardy and Michael Caine. It was released in 2014.
I don't know what else he directed, but I do know he also directed The Goonies
I think Katy Perry is a great singer, songwriter, and film producer. He also starred in The Hangover Part II. Have you seen it?
No, I didn't know she was in the movie, but I do know she was married to Angelina Jolie Pitt.
Yes, I like him. He's a great actor. Did you see him in the movie?
We're the Millers is a great movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, he was in that movie. He also starred in The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen it?
You're welcome. I'll add that one to your watch list.
Yes, I do. It was written by Anne Tyler and stars Anne Hathaway. Are you a fan of Anne Hathaway?
Merryl Streep also starred in The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded.
I do recommend it. It is a great comedy film.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and The Station Agent. Have you seen any of those?
X-Men: Days of Future Past is a Thriller/Drama. It's a Thriller.
You might like The Chronicles of Narnia or X-Men: Days of Future Past.
The main lead in Aah Games is Suzanne Collins, who is the lead in that movie.
You're welcome.
Thomas E Connolly starred in The Good Earth and The Bad Place. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it was. Thomas E. Connolly wrote The Scarlet Letter.
You're welcome.
Yes, it was written by Sean Penn and stars Sean Penn. Do you like Sean Penn?
Yes, he is. He was a writer as well as a writer.
You're welcome.
Yes, it is a great movie. It was written by J.K. Rowling and stars Johnny Depp. Have you seen it?
You might enjoy The Rum Diary or The Rum Diary. Both are great children's movies.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
Robin Hobb wrote The Mad Ship, The Golden Fool, and The Golden Fool.
Have you heard of The Looking Glass Wars? It's a fiction novel.
Ship of Magic was written by Christopher Bigsby. He also wrote The Looking Glass Wars.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Oscar Wilde wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Importance of Being Earnest.
Yes, it is. It's similar to Zoe's Tale.
I don't know if it came out, but I do know it was written by Oscar Wilde.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Throne of Glass is written by Sarah J Maas and was released in 2012.
Yes, it was. Sarah J Maas also wrote The Assassin's Blade. Have you seen it?
Throne of Glass was directed by Sarah J Maas. She also wrote The Assassin's Blade. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
She's been in a lot of movies. She's starred in Zero Dark Thirty and The Half-Blood Prince. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, Mark Boal wrote Mark Boal and he also wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
I agree, I'll add that to your watch list.
I don't know much about him, but I know he is a football player. He plays for the Colombia national football team.
I don't know much about him, but I know he is a soccer player.
Shakira is from Columbia. Is she a singer?
Do you like it because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
You might also like Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince.
You're welcome!
My favorite team is the Denver Broncos. Who is your favorite player?
Not really. I'm more of a football fan. What about you do you like to watch?
I don't know much about them. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. What about you?
I am not a big soccer fan. I prefer American Football, but I like American Football.
I like to watch football. I'm more of a American Football fan. What about you do you like?
Yes, he was the coach for the Saints. Do you like football?
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People is written by Stephen R. Covey. Do you like Stephen R. Covey?
He is also a writer on the topic of self-help and self-help
I don't know anything else that was released in 1989, but Stephen R. Covey also wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
ok great, hope you enjoy!
I do! It's a great movie starring Jim Carrey. Have you seen it?
It is a great family movie, do you like family genre movies?
Yes, he is in Pirates of the Caribbean: At the World's End and he also starred in The Rum Diary.
Have you seen any of the Pirates of the Caribbean movies?
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest is written by Jonathan Kellerman.
You might enjoy The Man on the Moon or The Moon. Both are great dramas.
You might also enjoy the Harry Potter series by John Scalzi. It is a Historical period drama.
I'd suggest The Fault in Our Stars, which is a historical period drama.
You're welcome!
Yes, Lauren Oliver is an American author born in London. She wrote The Year of the Flood and The Last Summer (of You and Me). Have you read them?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote Yellow Submarine with John Lennon.
The Tambourine is written by John Lennon, who also wrote Yellow Submarine.
Yes, he is a member of the Velvet Underground.
Yes, he plays for the Cleveland Cavaliers.
I don't know much about basketball but I do know that Kyla Pratt is a basketball player
I'm not sure, but I know he is from the United States.
The Island was directed by Christopher Nolan, who also directed The Dark Knight. Have you seen that one?
Well, if you like sci fi, you might also like The Island, which is a sci-fi movie.
Moby Dick is a great actor. I think you'd like it. It's a Thriller starring Robert Downey Jr. as well.
You're welcome.
I like him in the action film Bale. Are you a fan of his?
Yes, he was great in that one as well. Do you like him?
The Prestige was directed by Christopher Bigsby and stars Christian Bale.
You're welcome.
Yes, The Red Pyramid was written by Rick Riordan and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
Sure, Looking Glass Wars is a fantasy novel written by Frank Beddor
you are welcome
Sergio Aguero is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Barcelona and the Brazil national team.
I know a lot about soccer, but I don't know much about it. Who is he?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. What about you?
Sure, he wrote The Sworn Sword and The Dark Knight Rises. Have you read them?
Yes it is in English.
Yes, that was a great book. You should check it out.
Haaaa. Thanks for the information.
I don't know much about them, but I know they are owned by Leslie Alexander. Are you a fan of them?
I'm more of a basketball fan. Who's your favorite player?
I don't know much about them now. I'm more of a basketball fan. Do you like basketball?
Sure, he wrote The Secret Garden and The Little Friend. Have you read either of those?
I'm not sure but it was released in 2001 and is in English.
I would recommend The World According to Garp. It's a great satire.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like the book because it's children's literature or because it's children's literature?
You might also enjoy The House at Pooh Corner. It's a great children's book.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he is a soccer player. Do you like soccer?
I don't know too much about soccer, but I do know that Colleen Rooney is from Liverpool.
Yes that is where the stadium is.
They are a soccer team coached by Fernando Hierro. Do you like soccer?
I'm not sure, but I know he plays for Real Madrid.
I do enjoy football, but I don't know much about it. Do you like American Football?
Divergent is a Young-adult fiction written by Divergent. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
You might enjoy the Harry Potter series, or the Witches Abroad or the Witches Abroad.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Pulp Fiction is a crime fiction genre. Do you like that genre?
Yes, John Travolta also starred in Pulp Fiction. Have you seen it?
Sure! Enjoy the movie!
Yes, he is a soccer player from Brazil and plays for the Argentina National Football team. Do you like soccer?
It is a children's novel.
he also wrote The Last Samurai
I'm not sure, but it was released in Spanish.
I don't have any information on Spanish but it was released in Spanish.
ok
I'm not a baseball fan. I'm more of a baseball fan. Who's your favorite baseball team?
I'm not sure, but I do know they were the runner up in Super Bowl XLVIII.
I do! The Mets are owned by Fred Wilpon and the New York Mets.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt
I don't know much about him. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I don't know much about him. Who is your favorite player?
Sure! Tuesdays with Morrie is written by Sylvia Plath and was released in 2002.
Yes, I do. She wrote The Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth. Have you read them?
Yes, she has written a lot of children's literature, including Thirteen Moons and The Book of Mormon.
That movie is a great family movie. It was written by John Green.
Yes, he is, and he is a writer.
It was written by Tim Dolin and it was released in 1891. Do you like Tim Dolin?
Thomas Hardy also wrote Thomas Hardy, which was released in 1891.
The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-Believer was released in 1891 and was written in English.
It was released in 1891 and is a Non-Fiction.
Yes, he starred in The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban. Have you seen those?
Hugh Jackman also starred in She Hate Me. He is a great actor.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, she starred in Amelie. Do you like French movies?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you she also starred in Princess Mononoke which is a romantic comedy.
Yes, it is. It is an English film.
You got it! Enjoy!
Yes, Rory Mcllroy is a golfer from Northern Ireland. He won the 2012 PGA Championship.
Yes, I believe he's from Ireland. I'm more of a baseball fan.
Yes, he's from Northern Ireland, and he's from Northern Ireland. I love their music.
Sure! Do you like the movie because it's a sci-fi movie?
It is a sci-fi adventure movie.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other information on that one.
Great, have a good day!
District 9 is a Sci-Fi Thriller starring Bruce Willis. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Then you might also like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee and Katharine McPhee.
The Neon Demon is a horror movie starring Katharine McPhee and Johnny Depp. It was released in 2012.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I do! She sung A Thousand Years and Lovestrong are a few of her songs.
Yes, that is a great song. Did you know she was born in Chicago?
I like a lot of different people like Taylor Swift and Selena Gomez. What about you?
I'm not sure about that, but I do like Classic Rock.
Yes, I know it was written by Diana Gabaldon and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You might like Zoe's Tale, Xenocide or Z for Zachariah. They're both historical novels.
Yes, he also wrote a book called Gravity's Rainbow. Would you like to read it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Todd Phillips wrote The Hangover Part II, The Hangover Part II, and The Hangover Part II. Have you read any of these?
Have you seen the Hangover Part II? It was written by Todd Phillips
Old School is a comedy starring Matt Damon and is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
I don't know too much about basketball but I do know he is a basketball player. Do you like him?
Yes, it is a great movie. It was written by J.K. Rowling. Are you a fan of his work?
I haven't read anything by Hans Christian Andersen, but I have heard of it. It is a speculative fiction.
Yes, she did. I hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome!
Have you read II Principe?
I am not sure, but it was released in Spanish
My apologies, I have not read any of his books
There are many. You are welcome. Have a good day
Sure, Up was written by Pete Docter and stars Seth Rogen. It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you she also starred in The Matrix Reloaded.
It is a Thriller
Family Movies is a family movie. Another Family movie starring Brenda Chapman is Snatch
You're welcome.
The Houston Rockets are a professional basketball team coached by Gary Kubiak. Do you like basketball?
The Houston Rockets was the runner up in 1994
I don't know much about Hardaway, but I do know he was a basketball player
Renaldo Balkman is a good player
The Gunslinger was written by Stephen King and released in 1982. Do you like Stephen King books?
It was released in 2001 and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like Fight Club because it is a thriller?
Zodiac is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Zodiac was produced by Steven Spielberg, who also produced The Fight Club.
The Cleveland Browns are a professional football team based in Cleveland, Illinois. Do you like football?
I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan but I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan.
I don't know much about the Browns. I do know Randy Lerner is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints.
I don't know too much about the Browns. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. What's your favorite team?
He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
I don't know, but he wrote The Last Samurai
I am not sure but I can tell you it is a Thriller
I am not sure but he also wrote The Last Samurai
You're welcome
Tuesdays with Morrie is written by Sylvia Plath and is a Psychological thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you Saulius Dagys is a novelist.
I don't know any other books by him, but I do know that he is influenced by Kurt Vonnegut Jr..
You're welcome.
Transformers: Dark of the Moon is a Sci-Fi/Action movie starring Kevin Spacey. Kevin Spacey also starred in this movie.
Predators has genre Thriller and Sci-Fi. Do you like those genres?
Captain America: The Winter Soldier is starring Scarlett Johansson, who also starred in The Matrix Reloaded.
Insurgent is a Sci-Fi movie starring Matt Damon and was released in 2011. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Where the Heart Is is written by Billie Letts and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You can try The Honk and Holler Opening Soon
He also wrote Where the Heart Is.
You're welcome.
Yes, he starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and the Wedding Belles. Have you seen those?
I haven't seen it yet, I will add it to my watch list. Thanks for the information!
I'm not sure, but it is a comedy/drama.
I'm not sure, but it is a comedy-drama.
No, I don't know of any other films he starred in.
F. Murray Abraham is a great actor. He starred in The Grand Budapest Hotel and The Grand Budapest Hotel
Scarface is a crime fiction film. He also starred in Apocalypse Now.
Yes, if you like science fiction, you'll like The Fault in Our Stars. It's a great movie.
Avengers: Age of Ultron stars Scarlett Johansson and Chris Hemsworth. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, it is. Do you like science fiction movies?
You're welcome.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a basketball player.
I'm more of a American Football fan. What about you do you like to watch?
I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. Who's your favorite team?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Gary Kubiak.
I don't know much about the Seahawks, but I do know they won the Super Bowl XLIII.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
Yes, Outlander is a science fiction book written by James Dashner. Do you like science fiction books?
Yes, that's a great Sci-Fi book. You might also like World War Z and World War Z.
X-Men: Days of Future Past is a great Sci-Fi book written by Orson Scott Card.
You're welcome!
To Kill a Mockingbird is written by Harper Lee and is genre fiction. Do you like fiction?
That's a great book. It was written by Guillermo del Toro and is a Thriller.
Then you might like To Kill a Mockingbird. It was written by Robert Louis Stevenson
You're welcome.
I don't know much about soccer, but I do know they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
I don't know a whole lot but I do know that the team is coached by Louis van Gaal and Louis van Gaal.
I think he's a forward, but I don't know much about him. What's your favorite sport?
Sure, do you like it because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
It was written by Meg Cabot, who also wrote The Princess Diaries.
Yes, she did write Twilight as well as The Chemist.
Yes, she was the author of Twilight.
You are welcome.
Inside Out is a Thriller starring Kristen Stewart and Morgan Freeman. Do you like Thrillers?
Well, she also starred in X-Men Origins:Wreck-It Ralph
This is the End is a comedy-drama film.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Great! Have a great day!
Sure! Jeff Garlin starred in Wristcutters: A Love Story and The Girl Who Stood Up for Education. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, she has a television show called The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you heard of it?
She has been in a lot of movies. She's been in a lot of movies. Would you like to hear about some of her movies?
Ron Howard starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class. Have you seen any of those?
Ron Howard directed and starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, State of the Union, and State of the Union. Have you seen any of those?
I don't know anything more about that one, but I do know that he was a director as well.
Yes, he directed that one as well.
Mr & Mrs Smith is a romantic comedy starring Matt Damon. Do you like that kind of movie?
Brad Pitt also starred in Troy, which is a romantic comedy. Have you seen it?
Sure, Donnie Darko is a Thriller starring Seth Rogen and Kate Beckinsale. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes he did and Richard Kelly also wrote The Box.
Yes, it is a Thriller and is a Thriller.
If you like Fantasy, you might also like Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee. It is also a Fantasy.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Throne of Glass was written by Tony Gilroy and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Throne of Shadows is a Fantasy and Fantasy.
Throne of Shadows is a great one. Have you read it yet?
Sure, do you like Sci-Fi or Fantasy?
Gothika is a comedy/drama film starring Robert Downey. It also starred Robert Downey. Do you like his work?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Beatrice Sparks wrote Go Ask Alice.
Yes, it is. It's considered a drama as well. Do you like those types of books?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
The Proposal is a Thriller starring Sandra Bullock. Do you like Thriller movies?
If you like Sandra Bullock, you should check out The Proposal. It's a thriller.
It's a drama. Do you like drama?
You're welcome.
Yes, I like Paper Towns, it was written by John Green and is a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
He also wrote The Fault in Our Stars and The Fault in Our Stars. Have you read them?
It's a young adult fiction book.
You're welcome.
Do you like Outlander because it's science fiction?
Brave New World was released in 2014.
I'm not sure, but I do know it was released in 1932.
Eleanor & Park is written by Rainbow Rowell and was released in 2013.
Yes, she also wrote Notes on a Scandal.
I don't have that information, but I do know that it was released in 2014
You are welcome!
Yes, he is an actor that starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was. He also starred in The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen it?
You might also enjoy The Wreck-It Ralph. It was written by John C. O'Brien.
I don't know much about her, but I do know she's a tennis player. She's a great tennis player.
I like Serena as well. She's a great tennis player. I like Serena better than her sister Serena.
I'm not sure, but I do know Serena is a tennis player.
Sure, he starred in Unstoppable and The Station Agent. Have you seen either of those?
Sure, some of the actors in the Watchmen include Michael Caine and Michelle Pfeiffer.
Yes, it is considered a comedy and a comedy. Do you like that genre?
The Watchmen is more of a Sci-Fi/Fantasy/Fantasy/Action/Fantasy movie.
She wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. Have you read it?
You might enjoy the Harry Potter series, or the Witches Abroad or the Half-Blood Prince.
Yes, it's a series. It's part of a series. It's part of a series.
You might also enjoy The Witch of Blackbird Pond by Elizabeth George Speare. It's a fantasy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Rebecca was written by M. Night Shyamalan and was released in 2014.
My Cousin Rachel is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
I'm sorry, I don't know who starred in My Cousin Rachel.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by John Fox.
I don't know much about him, but he was a quarterback for the Denver Broncos.
The Broncos are 4th in their division right now.
I enjoy basketball. What is your favorite sport?
He's a great basketball player. My favorite player is Lebron James. Do you know him?
Yes, he is a soccer player from Spain and plays for the Spain national football team.
Andrés Iniesta is also a player on the Spain national football team. He is a midfielder.
Yes, that is where the home stadium is located.
Sure! It's a great book written by Madeleine L'Engle. It's a young-adult fiction book. Do you like young adult fiction?
It is a Fantasy book. A Wind in the Door was written by Madeleine L'Engle
You might like World War Z or World War Z. They are both science fiction books.
Yes it was written by Robert O'Brien and is a speculative fiction.
I love his music! I especially liked him in the movie Marvin's Room. Have you seen it?
I like the one that comes to mind when he was young, but I don't know much about his music. What about you?
No, I haven't. What is your favorite song?
Jules Feiffer wrote The Phantom Tollbooth which is a speculative fiction book.
The Phantom Tollbooth is a horror novel and was released in 1982.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Great, have a great day!
I know he is a quarterback and plays quarterback. Do you like football?
The Wildcats are a professional football team based in Chicago, Illinois.
That's right, Woody Harrelson also starred in a movie called Wildcats.
Yes, Jean-Pierre Jeunet wrote A Very Long Engagement. Have you read that one?
Micmacs is a Thriller starring Jean-Pierre Jeunet and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Zulu is a Thriller and a crime drama. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome.
It's a young-adult fiction written by Jay Asher and was released in 2007.
He has also written Thirteen Reasons Why. Have you read that one?
I like to read that one. It's a great book.
I don't know, but I do know that it was released in 2005.
Emma' is written by Emma McLaughlin and is a horror novel.
She also wrote Sense and Sensibility and Pride and Prejudice. Have you read those?
It was released in 1817 and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring and The Lord of the Rings.
Tilda Swinton starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and X-Men: First Class. Have you seen any of these?
The Red Violin is a mystery and stars Tilda Swinton and Michael Clayton. It is also a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
I'll do that right away. Enjoy!
