Sure, it was written by James Dashner and stars Morgan Freeman, Bruce Willis, Michelle Nolden. Would you like to see it?
Well, it was wonderful, but the movie was based on a book by Thomas Harris, who also wrote The Green Mile.
The Hitman's Bodyguard is a crime movie similar to Death Wish, but I don't know much about it.
I'm not sure, but The Hitman's Bodyguard is considered Action and Adventure, so I think it may be a good choice.
Great, enjoy!
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans which was released 2012.
She wrote The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian and The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian. Do you want a list of what she's written?
It was released in 2012 and is in the genre of History
You're welcome
There's Something About Mary stars Robin Wright and was released in 1996. Would you like to know more?
She has been in a number of films including There's Something About Mary, Horton Hears a Who and starred in The Wild Life
Also Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie Pitt were in it. It's a great comedy movie.
It was written by Sarah Dessen and is young adult fiction. Do you like her work?
no, she also wrote What Happened to Goodbye which is also a young adult book.
yes she did. This book was also turned into a movie, have you read it?
no problem. I am happy to help.
Don Cheadle starred in The Guard.
It's considered a Romance and Drama movie. Do you like Romance movies?
Sure, Liam Neeson, Don Cheadle and Liam Cunningham. Do you like comedies?
Sure, enjoy the movie!
He plays cricket and was recently named Cricketer of the Year.
He is on the India national team, the Manchester United F.C. team.
I don't know any players on the team, but I know a few players on the team. Are you a fan?
Yes! Mike Newell directed Pushing Tin and Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time.
Pushing Tin is written by Mike Newell.
Absolutely, Enjoy and have a great day.
Absolutely, have a great day.
I think he is the best small forward of all time, he is an underrated athlete.
No, I don't. Is he a basketball player?
Haha. My favorite team is the Lakers. How about you?
What sport do you like?
No, I am not a big sports fan but if I had to choose, I would say gymnastics.
Hot Fuzz is an action packed romance film starring John Malkovich.
Yes, it is a sci-fi movie
Sorry, I don't have that information.
No problem!
He was in Count Dracula that also starred Louis Jourdan.
Why Did I Get Married would be a good one. Have you seen it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, I love it. It stars Spike Jonze and Sean Penn. Do you like them?
Yes, I like them. If you like thrillers, you should enjoy Shark Night.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Will do. Enjoy!
Added. Enjoy!
Meryl Streep directed this movie. Have you seen it?
It was written by Rhonda Byrne and starred Hugh Jackman.
Al Pacino and Bridget Fonda are starring in this movie.
Do you like horror films?
No, it is a Horror film, similar to The Stranger Calls.
You're welcome
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
Hope you enjoy it!
No problem, enjoy.
William Directed The Hunted, The French Collection, and many others. Would you like to know more?
Have you seen Apocalypto? He also directed it.
The Devil and Father Amorth is a horror movie starring Will Smith and was released in 1999.
The Great Gatsby is a timeless classic! Are you interested in books about the American Dream, or would you prefer other works by F. Scott Fitzgerald?
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is a great fiction book.
The Surgeon is written by Dr. Seuss. Would you like to know more about this book?
Do you like Romance Novels?
She also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex, which is another young-adult fiction.
Sure thing! Have a great day.
Have a great day!
Sure, Unforgiven was written by David Koepp and David Koepp. It's a great film!
Morgan Freeman starred in The Civil War and Levity, which is a thriller.
Those are my favorite, but I haven't seen them yet. What is yours?
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Kids Are All Right, and the entire Hunger Game series. Have you seen any of these?
What type of movies are you interested in?
I hope you enjoy it!
Well, Madonna is an icon. She starred in Fast Times at Ridgemont High which was also directed by Sean Penn
I don't have that information. I believe she was married to Sean Penn years ago, but she did have some issues with her.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he directed Snatch which stars Steve Buscemi and Jena Malone.
Not sure but I see a listing for an athlete in India for Cricket.
I'm not sure, but I believe he was a former world No. 1 in singles.
You are welcome.
Sure, Amy Poehler wrote, Yes Please have you read this book?
some of Amy Poehler's books are Richelle Mead. what else can i do for you today?
Lorne Michaels starred in Mean Girls. what else can i do for you today?
Tina Fey has written The Wedding Date. what else can i do for you today?
Sure, Arsenal is a sports team.
I am not, I'm more of a baseball fan. What about the Dodgers?
The Washington Redskins is my favorite team!
Jonathan Levine directed The Wackness starring Mary Kate Olsen. It's a romantic comedy
Jane Adams also starred in X-Men Apocalypse Now, have you seen this?
It was released in 2014.
No problem
He is a French actor. He starred in Taken 2 and Taken. Have you seen those?
Columbiana stars in Taken 3 and Taken 2. Have you seen those?
Columbiana stars Taken 2 and Olivier Megaton. Liam Neeson also starred in Taken 2 and Taken 2.
Enjoy!
I don't really follow football much, I do know that they are having a good season. Who do you think is their coach?
I think it's overrated so it's not over their head coach. Mike McCarthy did not get a chance.
Thanks for the info.
Sure! If you like Iron Man, you might also like The Incredible Hulk or The Avengers. Both are produced by Stan Lee.
I do, he starred in the show O.C
He also starred in The Day After Tomorrow as well as No Country for Old Men. Have you seen those?
George Clooney also wrote The O.C., When Harry Met Sally starred in it. It's a good movie.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Are you interested in other books by Dean Koontz?
It was written by Donnie Holzman. It's part of the Trunk Music series.
The Lady in the Lake is a good one.
Have you seen The Man in the Iron Mask or Rob Roy?
Have you read The Man in the Iron Mask or Rob Roy?
You're welcome
Nikki Minaj is a friend with a Tyga and Baby and she has a very good hits
I don't know much about her, but I do like dance pop. Are you?
There is one similar to Nikki Minaj released in 1996
Of course, I am assuming you enjoy romance novels?
Yes it was. 2012 was the year that released The Last Unicorn was released.
I like thrillers also. Shark Night is a thriller she was in.
Sure, enjoy!
Judd Apatow wrote the comedy film This is 40 as well as the romance movie Knocked Up
Groundhog Day was written by Edgar Allan Poe and produced by Judd Apatow.
He did and he was in Knocked Up too.
He also directed and produced Knocked Up, which was directed by him as well.
Sure, it's great comedy-drama. Would you like to know more about it?
I'm sorry I don't have information on those films.
Sure, enjoy!
Isn't he a composer and songwriter? The name sounds familiar but I'm not sure.
In addition to The Disco, he is also a Music Producer
Yes i like them too, i like the song The Disco
That's a great song too, he is such a beautiful voice. Do you like any of his music?
I heard There's Something About Mary is a good book, but i never read it. It is written by Bobby Farrelly
I heard they are good movies too. Are you a fan of his?
It is a Romantic Comedy with a bit of romance. You should check it out!
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society
Both are in the genre of historical fiction. You might also enjoy A Christmas Carol if you like that kind of book.
Certainly! She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society which was also turned into a film.
Great! Have a good day!
George Orwell wrote it, and released it in 1945. Have you read it?
Then you might enjoy Nineteen Eighty-Four. Have you heard of that one?
Sure, her book The Temple of My Familiar is one of my favorites.
I am not sure about it
I believe this is a drama
Your welcome
X-Men Apocalypse is a good one. Have you seen it?
Have you seen the X-Men series, in Korean?
It stars Denzel Washington and Josh Brolin, to name a few.
Sure, she also starred in the Thriller, Suicide Squad and in the X-Men series.
You're welcome!
Hello, Ang Lee starred in Hollywood Chinese have you seen it?
He wrote The Ice Storm which is a mystery, suspense novel.
Sure, he wrote The Sorcerer's Apprentice and A Bohemian Rhapsody.
I don't have information on Zsa Zsa Gabor, but I know she was born in Brooklyn, New York City.
It is a Thriller. Have you seen it?
That's a great movie! Its written by Steven Spielberg. Would you like to read other titles by him?
Sequal is a thriller, do you like thrillers?
Correct! Colin Tervorrow directed Jurassic World.
hes not a bad golfer. do you like him?
I don't know much about Rickie Fowler, but he won the 2007 PGA Championship.
Haha, I love that movie, and Adam Sandler! How about you?
Yes. I have The Lord of the Rings and The Fellowship of the Ring.
The Golden Compass written by J.R.R. Tolkien is a fantasy book, have you heard of it?
The Silmarillion was a fantasy adventure book, as well as The Hobbit.
Wes Craven wrote My Soul to Take which starred Jessica Hecht. Have you seen it?
Then I can recommend My Soul to Take, it is a horror!
Yes it does, and he also starred in Hitchcock as well.
The Lost World: Jurassic Park is a sci-fi movie, do you like sci-fi?
Then you might enjoy The Land of the Lost World: Jurassic Park.
I think you'll like the original X-Men movie, like The Revenant and The Revenant.
Sure! He starred in Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow. Have you seen those?
Surviving Picasso is a American born in Lushan, Frances Mayes.
Joss Ackman also starred in The Handmaid's Tale and The Bonfire of the Vanishing Acts
Sure. The Little Prince is a historical period drama and is a fantasy.
Sure. Have a great day.
Hes great and has a wonderful wife in Gisele
I'm not sure. I know he was in Stuck on You. Is there anything else I can help with?
That's too bad. He was in a lot of movies like Horton Hears a Who. He is a musician as well.
I definitely recommend Die Hard with a Vengeance, starring Bruce Willis.
If you like Bruce Willis, you might also enjoy Hudson Hawk. It is produced by Roderick Thorp and stars Edward Norton.
Yes he did and he also wrote Die Hard with a Vengeance too. Most of his films are written by him.
You will probably like Die Hard as well!
Alien is written by Ronald Shusett. Have you seen it? It's a great family movie.
Snatch is an excellent sci-fi movie, have you seen it?
Bats was written by John Green and stars Harrison Ford. It's part of the Vampire Academy series.
You're welcome!
He directed the science fiction film Eraserhead.
You might like The Terminator or The Order. Have you seen those?
She sure did, and she also starred in I, Robot, which is a thriller.
Certainly! Enjoy!
Alice Braga starred in The Rite and Repo Men
Repo Men is written by Tom Hanks, and he also directed The Incredible Burt Wonderstone.
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly as well as Reo Men.
Sure! Brett Helquist wrote The Vile Village, The Slippery Slope, and The Reptile Room. Have you read any of these?
The End was released in 2015 and it is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
Sure, it is a mystery/suspense book, and he is also a teacher
Yes, I do. Do you enjoy him as an actor or singer?
Yes, he has a son named Justin. Would you like to hear it?
I have not seen it but I will look into it. It is very popular and has a great cast.
I'll send you a link now. Enjoy!
Noah Emmerich starred in Windtalkers. what else can i answer for you?
I'm looking for a drama, like The Manchurian Candidate and The Lord of the Rings.
It has a great cast. It's considered a drama, as well as a comedy, for sure.
It's a good choice. Enjoy!
I think he is one of the best soccer players in the world and plays for FC Barcelona, right?
Well, I don't know much about football, I prefer American football. Are you a football fan?
I haven't read that one, but I heard it was good enough that it's been a long time ago. How do you feel about Tiger Woods?
Harry Potter is written by J.K. Rowling. It was released in 1988.
Jack Thorne wrote Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, which is a fantasy.
I don't know much about them. Who are their key players?
They're in the NFL. Did you know they play at Shea Stadium?
They're in the AFC West, right?
Eoin Colfer wrote The Phantom Tollbooth which was a great book
Yes, it was released in 2008, the same year The Assassination of Jesse James was released.
If you liked that one, you might like The Trilogy or The Last Unicorn.
Yes, I think he is one of the best songwriters. I heard he's also good friends with Selena Gomez who I'm also a big fan of
Are you a fan of the Weeknd?
I can't think of any at the top of my head, but I like his song "The Tell-Tale."
You are welcome, enjoy!
Kyrie Irving is a professional basketball player. He played in the Boston Red Sox
I would highly recommend the Boston Celtics. Their games are coached by Doc Rivers, but there are a few teams.
Yesterday was the Finals. That was a good game.
Yes, Christopher Nolan wrote The Dark Knight Rises, Memento, and Inception
He is a Russian author. His novel "Crime and Punishment" has been called the most famous novel in the world( as per IMDB)
It is. It's similar to рестуление or диот.
Yes, it is. Much like рестуление и накаание or диот?
You are welcome. Happy reading.
It is part of the series The Oz Books, would you be interested in others in the series?
Of course, The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a fantasy novel, as well as The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
There's The Looking Glass Wars, written by Frank Beddor. The Golden Compass is a great read!
You're welcome. Enjoy the books!
I know he was born in Dormund. He plays as a mielfielder in the Germany national football team.
He is a soccer player from Germany. His position is midfielder and defender.
Yes, he is on the team. He was drafted by the Mumbai Indians, right?
It's a good movie! It was written by Leo Tolstoy. Are you interested in his work?
Sure! Do you like books written by Corn of Thorns and Roses?
Were you looking for other books written by Sarah J. Maas?
How about The Assassin's Blade, I highly recommend it.
You're welcome.
James Cameron directed The Terminator and The Abyss.
It sure is. It also stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet, which is considered a fantasy.
Titanic had Leonardo DiCaprio in it. If you like Leonardo DiCaprio, you might also like The Aviator or The Aviator.
You are welcome
Are you referring to Madame Bovary that is written by Gustave Flaubert?
Then you might enjoy Welcome to Temptation, Where Rainbows End or Welcome to Temptation.
It is, similar to Where Rainbows End and Wide Sargasso Sea.
She wrote The Hunger Games and Mockingjay.
I like Venus better. Did you know she starred in the Hair Show with her sister Serena?
I like Stefi Graff. Did you know he and Martina Navo were in the London Olympics?
That's interesting. I think she's from Guadalajara.
She is a Korean professional Golfer born in Hawaii.
K.S. Lewis is one of my favorite golfers of all time.
That's amazing! I hope it helps.
She wrote The Journals of Sylvia Day. Is there a specific genre you are looking for?
Reflected in You is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
Yes, she also wrote Seven Years to Sin. Have you read that one?
Sure. Margaret Atwood has written many different books. Her most recent work is MaddAddam but she's also worked on a Graphic Novel by the name of Angel Catbird. What were you looking for?
The Handmaid Tale is a genre of Speculative fiction. Does that interest you?
Sure thing!
Well, let me know if you like it.
He is a singer, songwriter, and athlete. Are you a fan of his?
The move Carlos has genre Thriller and was released in 2015. Does that interest you?
This movie was released on November 13, 2001 starring Charlize Theron
Of course! A few that come to mind are "Tempted" and "Redeemed." Both are by the same author. Would you like to know more?
Tahereh Mafi wrote The Girl who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban
Yes that was the year that released You Are Special: A Story for Everyone and Destroy Me.
It was released in 2014. It's a romantic comedy. Have you read it?
The Looking Glass Wars is a great fantasy novel, I think you would like that.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Wally Lamb wrote several books such as She's Come Undone and The Hour I First Believed
It was released in 2015. It is also a film adaptation.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure. Marc Forster directed The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and Finding Neverland. Have you seen either of these?
Machine Gun Preacher is in the genre of Fantasy and Comedy.
Steven Spielberg is the star of Neverland.
It was released in 2009 and stars Denzel Washington
Will do enjoy!
You are welcome
Yes I do! He wrote A Seperate Peace which is a young adult fiction novel. Do you enjoy young adult fiction?
It's a novel, Young-adult fiction, novel.
Yes, the book is similar to Un Lun Duns.
Your welcome enjoy
The Waves is a book if you like the genre Reference. Have you read this?
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion. Have you read either of those?
Yes, Wuthering Heights is a great read.
She does write a lot of short stories and was released in 1847.
Sure The Giver was first in a series of books wriiten by Lois Lowry, the next is Gathering Blue,
Cool, you might like The Lightning Thief or The Hiding Place.
I hope you enjoy it.
Fight Club was written by Chuck Palahniuk, who also wrote fight club.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But i can tell you that he is pretty good.
You are welcome. He is also a director.
Sure, the Harry Potter books are a series. The next in the series is Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire. It's a coming of age series, are you more interested in that?
There is one Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, which is also a fantasy.
You are welcome. Glad I could help.
Sure. Mindy Kaling wrote The Office of the World, which is a Romance novel. Do you like that genre?
Sure, it was released in 2005 and is a comedy. Mindy Kaling also starred in it.
I believe it is a crime fiction
Enjoy!
Aylmer wrote оскресение and нна лиа.
Anna Karenina also wrote аренина.
Ok great, enjoy!
Sure, Cathereine Hardwicke wrote The Throne of Fire and The Titan's Curse. Have you read them?
The starring in Red Riding Hood are Amanda Seyfried, Gary Oldman, and Billy Burke.
She also directed Snow White and the Huntsman.
Yes, he is from Liverpool and plays for Everton FC. Do you like soccer?
I don't know much about Wayne Rooney. He played for Manchester United F.C. and he is a midfielder.
Yes he is a top rated player.
Yes he did. He also wrote X-Men Apocalypse Now.
I believe so and he also starred in a book called The Little Mermaid.
Cool, I like Colin Firth as well. He was in What's Eating Gilbert Grape produced by him. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Where'd You Go, Bernadette is written by Maria Semple.
Yes, Heart Huckabees was written by Tom Hanks. Do you like Dramas?
Certainly, will do.
Sure! Lauren Kate wrote Passion and Rapture. Have you read either of those ?
Sure. It was released in 2012. It's a young-adult fiction novel that was turned into a film.
Sure. Enjoy!
Lewis Carroll starred in Cars 2. He is a voice actor and athlete.
It's a great movie, if you haven't seen it, you should check out The Rum Diary.
You might want to check out The Rum Diary if you have heard of it. It's one of my favorites.
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy them!
You're welcome. Meeting was great for kids.
Yes I have. It is a team coached by David Platt. Do you like them?
No, I can't but I know some of his current players are René Meulensteen and Roger Federer
You are welcome, have a great day!
Sure! Lauren Oliver has written some great books. Two of them are What Looks Like Crazy on an Ordinary Day and This Lullaby.
You should read The Good Dinosaur which is also a thriller and she wrote
I'm not sure, but it's a drama.
You're welcome.
Sure! He directed The Simpsons Movie, are you familiar with that show?
David Silverman wrote The Simpsons Movie. He also wrote The Nightmare Before Christmas.
Yes, that is correct. He has starred in a lot of TV shows. But, I recommend The Simpsons Movie.
You too!
Not really, but I know he is popular in the cricket sports world. He plays for the Delhi Daredevils
Not really, I am not a fan.
Anything else I can help you with?
The Lord of the Rings is considered an excellent movie. Do you like it because it is a fantasy or a drama?
Sure, he starred in The Good Doctor and Troy.
Great, hope you enjoy it, you should also check out Zulu as well.
Yes it is a great book, it is actually Next in series
It was written by Jennifer Crusie.
I will check it out. Thanks for the info.
Nocola Kraus, from New York, wrote The Nanny Diaries.
I would recommend Zoe's Tale. It's a great comedy.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is written by J.K. Rowling, are you a fan?
I don't think so. He starred in a TV show called Happy Gilmore.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Mike Starr is an actor. He starred in The Last Dragon, The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia, to name a few.
Sure! Do you like Horror movies?
Sure, Grindhouse stars Kurt Russell and Josh Brolin. He also starred in Pulp Fiction and Grindhouse.
It starred Reese Witherspoon and Josh Brolin.
I hope you enjoy it.
I like her song Hot n Cold. Did you know she was a voice in The Smurfs?
He directed Escape from New York, which is a drama.
12 Monkeys is a good one. It's a mystery. Do you like those type of movies?
Emma Stone and Sharlto Copley were also in it. It's a great movie.
Yes, JK Tolken, Orlando Bloom and Chrisopher Lee star in the movie.
Great, is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, is there anything else I can help with?
I don't know much about Venus but I do know that she is married to Gisele Bundchen.
Yes, she is quite talented. I like tennis better than Serena. How about you?
Wow, that's very interesting. Can you tell me more?
I don't know much but I do know he plays for the Colombia national football team. Are you a fan?
I don't but I believe he is a captain.
I do like American football. What's your favorite team?
I would. Home Alone is written by John Hughes and is a comedy. Are you into comedies?
There are a couple of great comedies that you may like are The Manchurian Candidate and The House of Mirth. Have you seen any of them?
The original book, It was released in 2004
You are welcome
Wasn't he a featured artist on the dance-pop album Unbroken?
Well, he did write music but I don't know if he is in any other genre. Is he a singer or dancer?
I agree. I think Selena Gomez is friends with a lot of celebrities, both singers and actresses. She is quite talented.
Do you like Shawshank Redemption because of its Drama genre?
He also wrote the Mist and the Lawnmower Man
You're welcome!
Would you like to hear about other books by Alice's Adventures in Wonderland because it is part of a series?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes. The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures in Wonderland is one of her most popular books.
Yes! He starred in Deadpool and The Transporter Refueled. Are you like comedies?
Yes, Radivoje Bukvic is in that starring Radivoje Bukvic. Would you like to know more about him?
It's a thriller and action film.
Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore.
You might like Scream 4. It's also a thriller and crime movie.
You are welcome.
Of course! Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade is written by Philip Kaufman.
Journey To The Center Of The Earth is a good one.
Journey To The Center Of The Earth is a good one.
Robit Sarma i an Athlete who play in Indians Team.
He plays for the Mumbai Indians, who are a cricket team, and is from the United States.
Yes, he does.
Yes. It looks like he also plays for the Mumbai Indians.
Sure, he wrote Island and Brave New World.
It was released in 1969 and is part of the series. Have you read it?
Yes, he did. It's the first book in a series.
That's a great book written by Ian McEwan. It was later made into a movie.
Christopher Hampton also wrote The Count of Monte Cristo and Inheritance. Have you read either of these?
The genre is Thriller and Mystery.
Without Remorse is the genre of Thriller.
You are welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
2012 was written by Roland Emmerich and Harald Kloser and directed by Emmerich. Are you looking for something in particular?
The Thirteenth Floor has genre Drama
Sean Connery starred in Thirteenth Floor.
It was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
I can recommend another movie directed by Tate Taylor-I Spy
Yes, if you like action, X-Men You might enjoy The Iron Giant. It's a good one.
Yes. He was in X-Men: Days of Future Past and The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian.
I know she starred in Men in Black 3 and is a comedy.
That's right! It was released in 2013. Would you like to know more about it?
The Client is written by John Grisham and is a thriller. Are you interested in thrillers?
It is a psychological thriller, similar to The Client.
The Firm is also a thriller, so you might like that
You're welcome.
He is a football player. I think he is a good player
I don't
I enjoy watching college football and baseball
Who is your favorite team?
Yes it would be great if it were more popular in the U.S. I think
I'm not that all into world soccer, but I believe they're one of the top clubs if I'm not mistaken. Are you a fan?
Yeah, I heard they are a good team. What sport do you follow?
I agree. They are a good team.
Are you looking for something in the Romance or Drama genre?
It is a mystery, similar to Shadows of the Monkeys.
You're welcome.
Enjoy.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Another similar book is Sense and Sensibility.
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen
That book was written by Virginia Woolf who also wrote To The Lighthouse.
Well it was written by Daniel Defoe. Daniel Defoe also wrote To The Lighthouse. Have you heard of it?
It is a fiction, mystery, drama.
No problem. Enjoy.
Yes, she was the singer and model. Did you know she was in the movie Call Me Maybe?
Yes I did, that was a great one!
Oh, yea she was a big fan of pop music! What's your favorite genre of hers?
Alejandro Amenábar wrote The Words, and The Godfather. Have you heard of these?
The Others stars Nicole Kidman and Keith Allen. It's a good adventure movie.
No problem, enjoy
Well, he wrote Madame Bovary which is a romance novel. Do you like romance books?
Its a historical novel that was released in 1856.
Yes, another romance novel is Where Rainbows End. Have you read that one?
A popular one that comes to mind is The Return of the Native. Have you read this one?
It's a romance novel released in 1856. Would you like me to add it to your list?
It's a romance novel. If you like romance novels, I recommend The Return of the Native.
If you like fiction, you'll like Welcome to Temptation and Water for Elephants.
You're welcome!
I do too. He's been in The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October.
Joseph Conrad wrote Nostromo: a Tale of the Seaboard.
It is not a Simple Tale. He also wrote The Secret Agent: A Simple Tale.
It was released in 2005
He wrote The Road and The Crossing.
I have The Running Man and The Time Machine
Rosemary Wells is the author and he also wrote In Cold Blooded.
It came out in 1996.
Of course, enjoy!
Jane Eyre is a novel written by Michael Mason and released in 1847.
Sure, he also wrote Jane Eyre which is a romance novel. He also wrote Jane Eyre.
No, I don't think it is fair. But it looks like it is a fiction novel.
You're welcome.
It was written by Malala Yousafzai. Would you like books by her?
Lamb also wrote The Girl from Aleppo, Farewell Kabul and The Africa House.
Veronika Decide Morrer wrote The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, It's a romance.
He is also an author. He wrote The Big Lebowski which is a good book.
I don't know too much but I know he is playing for Detroit Pistons.
Yeah I like sports. I am a Lakers fan. How about you?
Yes, I agree. The Lakers would be fun to watch. Who's your favorite team?
O Alquimista was written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988. In English, it's called The Alchemist. Have you read this book?
Paulo Coelho also wrote The Alchemist. Have you heard of this one?
Sure, I hope you enjoy.
Sure! Divine Secrets of the Ya=Ya Sisterhood is written by Rebecca Wells, It's a Speculative fiction.
Rebecca Wells wrote Ya-Yas in Bloom, she also wrote Little Altars Everywhere.
Enjoy!
Absolutely! Kami Garcia wrote Dream Darkness, Beautiful Redemption, and several others. Would you like to hear more titles?
It is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
You are welcome. Have a good day.
She wrote Throne of Glass and The Assassin and the Desert.
Unfortunately, I don't have any more information on that. But she did write The Assassin and the Desert.
Great, hope you enjoy it!
Glad i could help
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a Sci-Fi Action movie. Do you like these genres?
Kodi also starred in Slow west with Ben Mendlesohn.
Dead Europe is a crime, supernatural film. Do you like those types of movies?
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Yes. The movie Artificial Intelligence is a Sci-Fi movie. Would you like to hear more titles by this author or genre?
Great choice, the Invasion and The House of Mirth are a few good ones.
Absolutely, enjoy and have a great day
This is the End was written by Evan Goldberg. Are you interested in other Evan Goldberg movies?
I believe he is both a Psychological Thriller and Comedy
It's a great movie! Evan Goldberg and Channing Tatum also starred in the film.
Do you enjoy this book because it is a war movie or because it was a thriller?
He also wrote Thirteen Moons and The Cold Mountain.
It was released in 2009 and is also classified as a Fantasy.
Done. Enjoy!
They're pretty good. They were runners up in the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
He played for the Dallas Cowboys. Did you know he's from the Dallas Cowboys?
Oh yeah. That's a reality show as well.
It was written by Steve Oedekerk, who also directed Kung Pow: Enter the Fist
Sure. He also starred in Ace Ventura which is also a Sci-Fi.
That is the only information that I have on that, is there anything else I can help you with?
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1 and Part 2. Do you like his movies?
Yes, it's a fantasy adventure movie. Do you like adventure movies?
She starred in The Kids Are All Right and the entire Hunger Game series.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome.
Do you like thrillers?
He also wrote Reservoir Dogs.
You are welcome!
You're welcome.
She wrote Mean Girls and Bossypants.
Sure, Johnny Depp starred in it as well as The Rum Diary.
Sure, Tate Taylor directed The Help and also Get on Up.
Yes, Cicely Tyson starred in The Help and Get on Up too. Would you like help with anything else about this movie?
She was in The Women of Brewster Place and so di Larenz Tate.
You're welcome !
Sure! Are you interested in the writer, Christopher Nolan, or the star, Tom Hardy, at all?
Christopher Nolan directed Inception.
Star Wars was directed by George Lucas, who also directed Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade.
Indiana Jones starred in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade.
Yes, it is considered a Drama.
It's a fiction novel and it was written by Paula McLain in 2011. She also wrote Circling the Sun. Have you heard of this one?
She also wrote Circling the Sun that is a popular one. Have you heard of it?
I'm not sure but it looks like it was released in the year 2015
It's a new book that was released in 2015, have you read it?
No problem, enjoy!
Sure, Lea Thompson has been in such films as The Wild Life and The Wild Life. Do either of those interest you?
She starred in The Pursuit of Happiness, a Comedy, and Slammed. Have you seen any of those?
I like Red Dawn. That is a great movie starring Matt Damon, Jeff Bridges, and Alden Ehrenreich.
He also wrote A Christmas Carol, which is also a comedy.
OK. I'll add those to your watch list.
Yes, it was written by Francis Ford Coppola and starred Robert Duvall. Are you familiar with him?
Yes, Sofia Coppola starred in The Godfather, Apocalypse Now
Yes he did along with The Godfather, starring Al Pacino and Diane Keaton
He has written a few good books, such as Unleashed and The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. Have you read either of those?
He also wrote the Romance novel Welcome to Temptation. Have you read it?
It is! Another romance novel in 2004 is Welcome to Temptation. Have you read that one?
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
I know he is a German football player and plays for FC Barcelona, are you a fan?
Sure. She's author of some popular books including Graceling, Fire and BittterBlue
She also wrote Graceling, Fire, Bitterblue. Have you read any of these?
It is a speculative fiction written by William Nicholson. Would you like to know more?
The only book I know of that is The Story of My Life. Have you read this one?
The Giver was written by Lois Lowry, have you read it?
I think he is a good qb. Did you know his brother Jordan was on the Bachelorette?
Sometimes. I like watching Vince Young. Who is your favorite player?
It's been awhile but I haven't had a chance to watch it. What sport do you like?
Probably it was a fantasy movie with a splash of comedy genre.
Sure! The Lost Hero is written by Rick Riordan. The book involves Greek Mythology. Would you like to hear more about this?
The Lost Hero is speculative fiction
Yes,The Titan's Curse is the next series
You are welcome
Monsters University Movie
Alex Rocco, Dan Scanlon and Bill Paxton star in it as well. It is a family movie. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, he wrote The Messenger and The Book Thief. Are you looking for any particular genre?
The Prince is in the Romance genre.
Seven Habits of Highly Effective People is a self help book.
Yes, I think I like his song Hero, it's a great song. Have you heard it?
No, I am not a big fan of his music but I have heard some of his stuff is really good
Did you know he is from Guadalajara, California?
Sure! Do you like books authored by Truman Capote?
He also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's, and Murder by Death. Would you like more information about this?
No problem!
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2005.
Sure, it's written by Margaret Stohl and Kami Garcia. It's a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Sure, the Long Hard Road out of Hell is written by Harold Ramis and was released in 2005.
I think she's grown into a fine singer. I love her music. How about you?
I was not a big fan of Taylor Swift, either. I like her in Valentine's Day, The Lorax, and The Giver.
I didn't know she was in a movie too. I saw her on American Idol.
Sure, do you like drama or crime fiction?
White Squall is starring Jason Marsden, Matt Damon, Jeff Bridges, and Jason Marsden. Do you like these actors?
Are you looking for something similar to Coming of Age?
I don't have that information, but I do know that The Secret Life of Bees is a comedy.
Hope you like them!
Of course! Charles Dickens wrote The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club, Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop, to name a few.
It's a posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club in the genre of Speculative Fiction.
He wrote a series of books including The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club and Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club.
Enjoy!
John Grogan wrote Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog. Did you know it was turned into a movie?
Sure, Marley & Me was written by Quentin Tarantino.
Scream is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure, I'm a fan of both horror and horror films. Have you seen Wrath of the Titans and Unknown?
Sure, it is a fantasy comedy, starring Johnny Depp. Would you like to see it?
Sure. Sylvester Stallone directed The Expendables starring Jet Li and Jason Statham.
Yes, Randy Couture was in The Expendables. Do you like him as an actor?
The other two names you may recognize are Nicolas Cage, Gerard Butler and Rene Russo.
It written by Cassandra Clare and released 2014. Have you read it?
The genre is fantasy. Do you like fantasy books?
It's also part of the series that includes The Iron Trial and Lady Midnight in the same genre as well. Have you read them?
Sure, do you like Quentin Tarantino Movies ?
It was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
He, from China, is famous for his table tennis ability, which is awesome to watch.
Yeah! That's pretty cool. He was a table tennis player too.
I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer. What about you?
I likechatting with you!
Bobby Farrelly starred in Stuck on You. Stuck on You is written by Peter Farrelly. Would you like more information?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Matt Damon also starred in Green Zone which is a thriller.
Rob Cohen directed: The Skulls, The Fast and the Furious, and The Fast and the Furious.
George Clooney and Channing Tatum also starred in The Skulls.
You're welcome.
The coach is Lousi van Gall but thats really all i know. Do you like him>
Its soccer, do you like soccer?
Yes, he was
I believe he was a musician who also played cricket
I'm not sure, but I believe he plays for the Mumbai Indians
Certainly! Million Dollar Baby was directed by him. He also starred in it. Great movie!
Tommy Lee Jones played in Million Dollar Baby. He was also in The Mask and Adventure
Its a good movie. Enjoy!
The Lives of Others and The Tourist are two good ones
The first one is a Tourist drama - The Lives of Others is a historical drama.
It stars Ulrich Mühe and Sebastian Koch. Would you like to know more about the movie?
It was released in 2005. I'm sure you will love it.
It was written by Ang Lee, who also wrote The Rum Diary.
Glad I could help!
I agree. I think Steve Kerr is a great coach. What do you think about them?
Did you know he won the NBA All Rookie Team?
Yeah I agree. I think Davis is a great player too. What do you think?
Jane Eyre is a fiction work written by Michael Mason. Do you like Romance novels?
Jane Eyre is in the Speculative Fiction genre. Another good one is Xenocide.
Of course, another romance novel is Wreck-It-Ralph
I don't know much about him other than he's a basketball player. Are you interested in him?
Soccer and football. Do you like either?
No, I didn't.
Sure, He wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read it?
It's postmodern literature, fable and also children's lit.
You are welcome.
It was written by James Frey. Do you like speculative fiction?
The authoi is a series written by James Frey and it has genre speculative fiction.
Yes, he directed The Man in the Iron Mask and No Country for Old Men.
Richard Andrews wrote The Trigicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark. Does this choices sound like something you would read?
1600. Have you read Winter's Tale?
I am not sure but he wrote Winter's Tale.
Sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
he plays for the Germany national football team
Yes he is, he is also a midfielder and a forward as well.
No I am not a big soccer fan but I do like American Football. Who is your favorite player?
Isn't he a tennis player?
Basel is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Is she the Call Me Maybe girl?
No, I didn't, but I know she won the 2008 Summer Olympics.
She is very talented, as well as a musician, artist and screenwriter. She has written a few songs, I think.
Sure, do you like jaws because it is a horror movie?
Yes, he was also in the sequel Jaws 2.
You're welcome
Les visiteurs and Amélie are good ones. Have you seen these?
It is written by Frances Hodgson Burnett. Have you seen it?
It's a romantic comedy. Have you seen it?
Yes, he wrote the thriller, The Son of Neptune.
This is a drama and Thriller. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 2012 and stars Denzel Washington.
I also have the information that Craig T. Nelson starred in How to Train Your Dragon, and how to Train Your Dragon 2.
she is also in Wag the Dog which is a very interesting movie.
ok
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional American football franchise based in Tampa, Florida. The Buccaneers currently compete in the National Football League as a member team of the National Football Conference South division
I do, actually. I'm a NY Giants fan. But I don't really like their coach, Jim Caldwell. Do you like football?
I do not like football. I think the San Francisco 49er's are a very good team. What about you?
Not so bad, heard they sung the song One Step Closer. Do you know this song?
I'm not sure, but some other bands they play in. Are you a fan?
thank you and i also like their music. I bet you would like Belong
Yes, I do. I like the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
They have a good chance, I think they won Super Bowl XXXVIII. They're a great team.
The Patriots have won quite a few Super Bowl's, though. They won the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Sure! Do you like books by Truman Capote?
Sure, there is The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Yes it was, and it was based on the true story.
Sure, which genre do you prefer? Fantasy, Comedy or Adventure?
Yes it is the one, it also stars Brad Pitt. Have you seen that one?
Another great comedy movie you might like is You to Meet a Tall Dark Stranger.
They are pretty good. They were runners up in the 2003 NBA Finals.
Not so much, but I heard he is a good coach. What's your favorite team?
Not really, but I would like to go to the Eastern Conference which is where the team is doing.
I haven't heard of it, but I heard it's a pretty good movie. Who is in it?
She was in the movies Friends with Benefits, and No Strings Attached. She is a TV producer too.
Edgar Allan Poe was in it. He was pretty good!
Enjoy!
Sure, I can. He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen that?
That's right! He was also in The Birdcage with Robin Williams.
I don't know. I think it was in 2004.
Yes I do, I love the Pirates of the Caribbean because is an adventure movie. Do you like adventure movies?
He was. I'm not sure how well he was in. Is that a thriller film?
You should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee.
Do you like X-Men Origins because it is an action movie or because it is science fiction?
Sure, he also starred in The Wolverine, which is a action/adventure film.
Do you mean who also starred in Waiting?
You are very welcome, please enjoy
Sure, O Brother, Where Art Thou, and No Country for Old Men are some good ones.
He has also starred in The People Speak, Push, Nevada.
He was in The People Speak, The People Speak, and Push, Nevada.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, the director is Leo Tolstoy.
He also directed Pretty Little Liars, which is a drama. Have you seen that one?
I don't have that information, but if you like Mystery you may also like Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt
Great! Is there anything else I can help with?
In the movie, I did enjoy it. If you enjoyed it, you might also enjoy The Iron Giant.
Well, it is classified as a drama, as well as a comedy.
You might enjoy X-Men 2 or World War Z.
I think it was released in 2005, and stars Tom Everett, who is a great actor.
They're a football team right? I'm not sure. Do you follow the Saints much?
They're pretty good. Who's your favorite team?
That's pretty cool. Yes, the Steelers have won quite a few Super Bowls.
This is the end, Express,The Interview
Sure, It starred Mindy Kaling, James Franco, and Channing Tatum.
Yes he is, Channing Tatum also starred in The White House Down as well.
Channing Tatum also starred in Pineapple Express, which is a fantasy.
Vivica A. Fox, David Carradine and Ray Winstone also starred in The Vow.
You're welcome!
Sure! Red Dragon is also a Psychological thriller that is similar to The Silence of the Lambs.
Ralph Fiennes also has starred in Wreck-It Ralph
Great!
Yes you may like The Black Dahlia which is a thriller you might enjoy.
Yes, The Lion King is one popular movie. Have you seen it?
If you like tennis, you might also enjoy X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
You're welcome.
Yes, The movie written by Vince Gilligan, starring Will Smith.
Will Smith also starred in The Pursuit of Happiness, have you seen it?
Shia LaBeouf is a Thriller, Science Fiction, Drama, and Thriller.
Sure, here it is.
Yes! He is a player on the Manchester United F.C. team.
I don't. I know Fabrio Capello used to play for Italy as well.
I'm a big football fan, do you follow any sports?
That's a great example of his films. He also directed The Fault in Our Stars which is an animated film.
I like contemporary R & B but I like Beyonce more.
I'm sorry I don't have much information on their music, I do know that they are from South Korea, such as Korea.
I'm not sure, but I believe they originally started in Seoul though. Apparently, Seoul is a great city.
Yes, Jason Flemyng starred in Wild Bill, Welcome to the Punch, The Social Network, and several others. Do you have a certain genre in mind?
Britt-Marie var här and Anthony Hopkins to name a few. Jason is also in Wild Bill.
I'm happy to help!
You're welcome.
I sure can! She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Elie Wiesel.
It has the genre autobiography as well as non-fiction.
Great! If you like Marion Wiesel, also check out The Power of Forgiveness.
Sure! Do you like it because it's a Thriller or because it's a Thriller?
Hugh Jackman starred in Wolverine. He was also in a sequel called The Legend of Zorro.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Yes, he is most famous for his translations of films like The Phantom Tollbooth and The Valley of Fear.
He was influenced by Spain and starred in the movie A Very Long Engagement.
Yes, he is in the family genre. He wrote A Very Long Engagement and Spirit Bound.
Hugh Jackman starred in the movie A thousand Splendid Suns, which is also a comedy.
Are you a fan of hers? She starred in Terminator 2: Judgment Day.
That movie is a fantasy.
Yes she starred in American Gods, which is a drama. It also starred Gary Oldman.
Yes. He has list of books you should check out. SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling, Patriotic Prostitutes, and Why Suicide Bombers Should Buy Life Insurance. Have you read this?
That's correct. Steven D. Levitt also wrote SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling, Patriotic Prostitutes, and Why Suicide Bombers Should Buy Life Insurance.
I have not read any of his books.
That's a great one you should check out.
Edgar Wright wrote The Stand and The The Stand
Yes it is, similar to The World's End.
Yes, he was great in it. You should check it out.
Coldplay is a band with Chris Martin as the lead vocal. Do you like their music?
Its a drama, starring Matt Damon and Josh Brolin
Sure I have a lot of info. The Voice is one of my favorites, so I like it a lot
She wrote Dreams of Gods & Monsters and Days of Blood & Starlight.
It's a Fantasy that was released in 2014 starring Natasha Gregson.
It came out in 2015 with the same author as The Secret Life of Bees. Have you read it?
Certainly!
I do, he's from Oakland, and plays for the Portland Trail Blazers.
That's right, I thought he was a good player. I never heard of him, what sport do you like?
No, I haven't. Do you like basketball?
Quentin Tarantino starred in Grindhouse and the indie film Death Proof. They were both pretty good.
Grint is written by E.B. White and is a thriller.
He also starred in Shaun of the Dead, which is a thriller. Have you seen it?
Sure, Big Fish was written by John August and he also wrote Titan A. E.
The Matrix is a popular one that Kenny Ortega was in.
Yes, he is a great romantic movie. I would recommend Independence Day, a children's movie that you might like.
You are welcome. Have a great day.
Phil LaMarr starred in Zambezia, The Life and Death of Bobby Z, have you seen those?
Sure, Zambezia also starred in Sex and the City, which is a Crime Fiction film.
It is a Historical novel, do you like those genres?
You are welcome, goodbye.
The Nets are a basketball team, but the Nets are a football team. Do you like basketball?
Me, too! It's a great movie. Did you like the movie because it's a sci-fi or action movie?
He was in the sci-fi movie The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. Did you know he was also in the movie?
It is a action movie and it also stars Robert Duvall and Dennis Quaid. Do you like action movies?
Sure! Similar romance novels include The Fiery Cross and This Lullaby. Romance novels always make me cry!
Yes, Voyager is a romance novel. Other romance novels include Spirit Bound and The Night Star.
Yes, that is correct
you are very welcome, please enjoy
I know she was born in Mumbai, play tennis, and is married to Shoaib Malik.
Not really, I know that Serena Williams is in the London 2012 Summer Olympics. What about you?
Yes she is, and she won the 2012 PGA Championship!
He starred in Looking for Richard.
These are comedy-drama movies.
Not that I am aware of but it is a thriller he was in.
Sure! Sense and Sensibility was also written by Jane Austen.
It was written by Issac Asimov and is in the speculative fiction genre.
She also wrote Sense and Sensibility. Have you read that?
You're welcome.
Yes, she is a singer, songwriter and musician.
She is a very talented pianist. Do you like his music?
It was released in 2010 and is a classic.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
I agree. If you like crime fiction, I would recommend The Hurt Locker and Deception. Have you seen those?
No, Patrick McGoohan starred in it. I'm not sure who else stars in it.
Awesome. I'll add it to your list.
He starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Hangover. Have you seen those?
Unaccompanied Minors starred Tyler James Williams and Jessica Walter. Do you like that kind of movie?
Sure. How about A Christmas Carol? It's also a comedy.
Certainly. Unaccompanied Minors is added to your watch list.
Enjoy the movie.
He is the author, he is the captain of the Colombia national football team. Do you like soccer?
It's a romance starring Robert Pattison and Reese Witherspoon.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it was written by Leo Tolstoy and stars William Hurt and Matt Damon.
Yes, Leo Tolstoy wrote Leo Tolstoy.
Yes, Leo Tolstoy was an adaptation from Romeo and Juliet and a Romance.
Anything else I can help with?
Yes, would you like to hear about other books in the same genre, or do you like romance?
Yes, she also wrote The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner, Girl with a Pearl Earring
Your welcome, enjoy!
Sure, it stars Justin Timberlake and Steve Buscemi. Do you like Biographical movies?
Tom Everett, Sigourney Weaver, and starred in The Social Network.
Rashida Jones also starred in How to Train Your Dragon
You are welcome
Sure, he is an author who wrote the biography David Copperfield.
Love in the Time of Cholera, it is a great read.
I would have to check out one of his works, The Temple of My Familiar, and The Grand Budapest Hotel.
He directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13. Do any of these sound interesting?
It is a adventure film directed by John Carpenter. The Fog was released in 1981.
Yes she is very talented, he also starred in The Green Mile, which is a TV series.
Escape from New York is a Thriller.
The Two Towers is next in the series. Is there a particular genre you are interested in?
Women in Love was written by Lian Hearn, who also wrote Lord of the Rings
He also wrote The Silver Chair and The Great Gatsby.
The Matrix was executive produced by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta. Is that something you might like?
The Matrix was produced by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta. Is that something you might like?
Inception has many genres including Thriller, Sci-Fi, Mystery, Sci-Fi, Mystery, Sci-Fi, Mystery, Blockbuster, Adventure, Action and Adventure
A Wrinkle in Time is a science fantasy novel written by American Madeleine L'Engle. Are you interested in other books by Madeleine L'Engle?
You might enjoy the Without Fail by Lee Child.
Yes. It was written by Madeleine L'Engle.
The Handmaid's Tale is a good one, as well.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that it was also made into a movie.
You're welcome.
Ayush Mahesh Khedkar starred in Slumdog Millionaire. Are you interested in that?
Slumdog Millionaire was an indie drama.
In Swarup was released in 2004.
No problem.
I know he wrote The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies.
Aidan Turner also starred in the Mortal Instruments called City of Bones.
This movie is Fantasy.
The Legend of Tarzan and The Golden Compass
Chris Weitz directed the movie
The BFG was written by Roald Dahl and released in 1982. It falls in the Fantasy/fiction category and was written by Roald Dahl.
Zoe's Tale, Z for Zachariah is a Speculative fiction book. Would you like to know more?
I believe it is! The Last Colony is Speculative Fiction and Science Fiction. Would you like to hear more?
I do a bit; I know that Donna Tartt wrote it and that it was released in 2013.
Yes, she won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. She also won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.
Yes she did. She also wrote The Secret History.
Dinna Tarrt was born in Houston, Texas.
Glad to be of help
JoJo Moyes wrote that one. You may also like The One Plus One.
The Ship of Brides was also written by Jojo Moyes, have you read that one?
Enjoy!
Yes, it is written by John Green, do you like that author?
That's a good one. Did you know that was released in 2012?
I'm not sure. Can I help you with anything else?
I agree. If you like young-adult fiction, I would recommend Paper Towns.
He wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button
I recommend The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
You're welcome.
Yes I do. He starred in The Kingdom of Heaven. Have you seen that movie?
The Goon is a horror film directed by Tim Miller. Do you like horror films?
Black Hat is a horror movie also starring Tim Miller
Sure no problem, enjoy the movies
Sure! It's a fantasy movie written by Guillermo del Toro and is a Speculative fiction.
Yes, it is in English. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, Pan's Labyrinth is a Spanish and Spanish language movie.
The Looking Glass Wars is a good fantasy movie. I highly recommend it.
Great! Happy to help!
I've heard of him, but haven't read his work. He wrote "'The Water is Wide, "The Prince of Tides" and "The Lords of Discipline".
It was released in 1969 as a children's literature.
Yes it is, Michael York also wrote the Vampire Chronicles
Yes, I like him, so I like the Madrona Murders. He passed away in San Francisco in 2015
I haven't seen it but I heard it was good. Then you should definitely check it out.
I haven't seen it but I heard it's very good.
The Godfather II stars Al Pacino and Robert Duvall.
Sean Penn wrote the book into the Wild.
Yes, it was actually made into a movie starring Sean Penn who also stars in The Tree of Life and The Game. Would you like to see them?
I recommend The Tree of Life and The Game. Have you seen them?
Me, too! You should check out Mad Max: Fury Road, or L.A. Without a Map.
Tom Hooper directed The Damned United, and Les Miserables
Sure, some of them are The Invisible Man and The Book Of Mormon.
Okay, enjoy!
I think he is a great singer. I especially like his song Marry You. Do you like him?
I haven't heard of her, but if I'm honest. Would you like to hear about her?
I've heard about her, but am not a big fan of hers. I prefer rock, like Ozzy or Metallica. What about you?
Sure, I've been a fan since my time. Anything else I can help you with?
FC Bayern Munich is a soccer team based in Munich, Bavaria coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
Marco Reus and Xander Berkeley are the coaches.
I think so.
I am not sure, but I know that The Maze Runner is a Mystery book. Do you like Fiction?
Rick Riordan wrote it, have you read it?
your'e welcome
Yes, a great book I can recommend by Roy is The God of Small Things. Have you heard of it?
It's considered family drama and literary fiction and was released in 1997
Yes it was made into a movie starring Peter Hyams
You are welcome, please enjoy
That book is written by Sue Monk Kidd and is in the fiction genre. Are you interested in that genre?
Its written by Sue Monk Kidd and is in the genre of speculative fiction
i dont have information about the movie , but the movie is based on how the book is adapted into a film
She wrote Dracula. Have you read that one?
Nina Auerbach also wrote The Invisible Man.
Well, she also wrote The Invisible Man. Have you read that one?
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
Yes, by J.R.R. Tolkien
In that case, I recommend The Time Traveler's Wife and The Return of the King. Have you seen them?
Sure. He starred in a lot of movies. He's also in The Good Doctor.
I know that Bob McNair owns the Houston Texans, but I don't follow them. Do you like them?
I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan, but I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. How about you?
Yeah, he owns the Houston Texans, but is also a owner of the Giants. Do you like football?
Yes, he starred in Troy and Troy would you like to know more of his movies?
Hugh Griffith also starred in it, along with Ryan Reynolds. Do you like his movies?
It came out in 1986 and also has a sequel.
It's about a mysterious assassin working for a group of rebels trying to overthrow the government. It's a great movie.
I sure do! Pearl S Buck wrote The good Earth. Did you know she was born in Buck?
It was released in 1926 which is the same year that The Good Earth was released.
I also recommend it.
Great, enjoy!
Are you referring to Maria Sharapova the professional tennis player?
Sure. She has starred in the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics.
I feel the same way, that is all I know about her. What is your favorite sport?
Did you know he is also an athlete?
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
In 1989 was also the year that released You Are Not So Smart and The Day After Tomorrow.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Great! Have a great day!
Sure, do you like Fantasy or Action movies?
Yes and he also wrote X-Men 2
I know it was released in 2014
Glad to help
Sure. That was written by Dan Fogelman who also wrote Tangled which may be similar.
Yeah, Ryan Gosling starred in a lot of romance movies. It's considered a drama, but some other films in the romance genre are The Fugitive and This is The Grinch.
You are welcome. I'm happy to help.
Sure! He wrote The Stand, The Stand, and Cycle of the Werewolf. Have you read any of those?
He is from the United States of America.
The Dead Zone is a fantasy novel. I think it is what you are looking for.
I'm sorry I don't have information about that
The Post is a movie related to Forrest Gump
Tom Hanks starred in The Post, Forest Gump, and Cast Away.
Most of them are considered Romantic comedies, he was also in The Simpsons Movie.
Ok, have a nice day!
Ok, let me know if you need anything else!
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets written by J.K. Rowling, have you read that ?
It has a genre of Mystery and Crime.
It does star Pierre Perrier. It is a Mystery and adventure film.
I don't know much but I see they are coached by Pete Carroll, owned by Paul Allen. Do you like them?
It could be fun to watch but they're having a tight season this year.
Do you know anything about The Seahawks ?I don't know much about football.
Stargirl was written by Jerry Spinelli (the author of Milkweed) the genre is young-adult fiction.
Sure. He also wrote Milkweed and Maniac Magee.
Of course! Wicked Lovely was released in 2005 and is a young-adult fiction. Enjoy!
I think he is a good athlete. I really like tennis. What about you?
That's amazing. Did you know he won the 2012 PGA Championship?
I agree. I like Federer as well. Who is your favorite player?
Sure, I can. She wrote The Assassin and the Desert.
J.K. Rowlings wrote those books. She is a great author.
Sure, what Alice Forgot is written by Liane Moriarty and was released in 2009. Are you interested in her books?
She sure did. That book was released in 2014. She also wrote Three Wishes and The Last Anniversary. Have you read those books?
You're welcome, enjoy!
They're pretty good. They were runners up in the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
My favorite team is the Broncos. I think always seems to be a Cowboys fan. Are you?
They seem to be having a bad season right now. But they are 3rd in the AFC West division.
his name is ok he is a good coach but he seems to be a Texans fan as well.
X-Men 2. X-Men 2 starring bruce davison
Sure. He also starred in X-Men 2
The Incredible Hulk stars William Hurt and Ty Burrell.
Sure she wrote The Hiding Place. That was a good one. I also like God's Smuggler.
It's non-fiction. It's also considered Children's literature and Autobiography.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it.
Noah Emmerich starred in Windtalkers. what else can i do for you?
Sure, you can try The Legend of Drunken Master or The Matrix Revolutions.
Ok . Have you seen any other movies he's starred in?
Great! Have a good day!
Phil Lord directed my favoriteThe Lego Movie
I'm not sure, but Phil Lord directed it.
I don't think so, he was in White House Down as well.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know it was written by Sean Penn, and it is a Thriller.
Sure, I will add it to your queue.
Yes she is. No Strings Attached is also an adventure film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I would recommend Andromeda, it is a Sci-Fi/Action movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Okay, then you might like World War Z or Wolverine, you might like that.
Mike White and Emma Stone starred in Zombieland.
It was released in 2013 and directed by David Fincher.
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days pf Dogtown.
Another good read is Nowhere Boy. Have you read that one?
You're welcome!
That's listed as Speculative fiction, fiction and Children's literature - which are you more interested in?
The King of Attolia is a young-adult fiction. Would you like to read another one by that author?
Absolutely! Z for Zachariah and Xenocide are Speculative fiction.
The classic book was written by Ernest Hemingway. You like Hemingway?
You might like There's a Wocket in My Pocket, or Wrath of the Titans, among others.
It is actually a romance, similar to To Have and Have Not, have you read this one?
Six-String Samurai and Planet of The Apes may be similar since both of these movies are time travel movies like Groundhog Day.
Charlie Sheen is a big name, have you seen it?
Yes he was in Ghostbusters.
you are welcome
Not so bad, heard they sung the song One Step Closer. Do you know this song?
Sure, it is starring Ryan Reynolds one of my favorite actors. If you like action, he also directed The Green Mile.
There are so many great movies, but you can check out The Hunger Games and The Matrix Reloaded.
Yes. It is very similar to X-Men: First Class. X-Men: First Class has a great cast.
She was in it. It's a good movie. I highly recommend it.
Sure, Jean-pierre Youngt directed The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Micmacs is starred by Yonegren. Would you like to know more about it?
I do not think so. Is he a comedian?
Your welcome
Of course, have you read the whole series by Neil Gaiman?
It was written by Neil Gaiman and was released in 2013. Are you interested in his work?
OK, have a good day.
Joel Coen, Jim Carey, and Al Roker also star in No Country for Old Men.
He was in the Science Fiction film True Grit. It's a pretty good movie.
Natural Born Killers was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
The Dictator was written by Richelle Mead, who also wrote and produced the movie Bruno
It is an action/adventure film that was released in 2016.
It is. You should check it out. It starred Robert Duvall.
You are welcome.
It was written by Jojo Moyes. Are you interested in young-adult fiction?
Jojo Moyes also wrote The Ship of Brides and The One Plus One.
You are welcome.
Great! He's known for Robin Hood, The Three Musketeers and The Comte de Monte-Cristo.
No, Alexandre Dumas was not the original writer. He also wrote The Count of Monte Cristo and Therese Raquin.
He also wrote The Comte de Monte Cristo and Therese Raquin. Both are very similar authors.
You're welcome.
Sure, I can let you know info on that. He wrote the books, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time, The Red House and a A Spot of Bother. The first book has a genre Mystery.
Yes it is a great movie starring Tom Cruise. Do you like action movies?
I have. If you like Peter Capaldi, I highly recommend X-Men You've Got Mail.
Anything else I can help you with?
Well, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
No, there is a sequel for The Great Gilly Hopkins and the Great Gilly Hopkins.
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy it!
/Could you tell me who wrote The Fault of Our Stars?
Shark Night is a thriller, so you might like it.
Shark Night stars Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
I know he wrote Walking Disaster, have you read it?
It is a Young-adult fiction about love and Adolescence. Would you like to hear more about it?
Yes I do, Walking Disaster has genre Young-adult fiction.
You are welcome.
Sure, it was written by Lana Wachowski and stars Marcus Chong and Keanu Reeves. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
He's so awesome! The Matrix Reloaded was directed by him, who also directed The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded. The Matrix Reloaded was released in 2003.
It's a classic! Then you might also like The Matrix Reloaded, or The Replacement Killers.
Certainly, enjoy!
She's a good vocalist. Has roots in Jazz and I like Jazz.
I think so, she won the MTV Music Award for Best Electronic Dance Music Award. I think she is a best choreographer.
She is on the bucket list as well. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Honestly, I don't know anything about her, but Lana Wachowski directed Speed Racer. Did you see that one?
Okay, if you like romance films I'd recommend X-Men Apocalypse or Underworld. They are very popular.
It is! It's also a thriller, so I think you'll like it. Have you seen it?
Blood Promise is written by Richelle Mead and has genre Young-adult fiction. Are you into Young-adult fiction books?
You might enjoy the Voyage of the Dawn Treader. It is also part of the series.
It was released in 2011, which is the same year Spirit Bound was released. Have you read it?
Yes, Leigh Dragoon did write it, have you read it?
Sure! Did you enjoy Mission Impossible because it starred Tom Cruise or because it is a Action/ Adventure movie?
Yes. That's a great movie. Would you like to know more about The Lego Movies?
Are you into Thrillers? You might also like The Emperor's New Groove. It's a Disney movie.
Most definitely! He was in Wreck-It Ralph, as well as Reign of Assassins.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Tom Skerritt starred in Ted, I know that.
Ted has genre Comedy.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
That's the only piece I have by Marue Hindle. She wrote The Princess Diaries. Are you familiar with that?
Yes, he also wrote The Last Man and The Invisible Man. Have you read either of those?
Yes they are both written in English, like The Last Man and The Invisible Man.
He has written a number of books including Unaccustomed Earth, The Name of the Wind and The Big Sur.
It was released in 1856, and is considered a Romance novel. Is that your favorite genre?
Yes, she did. He also wrote the novel Maid in 1856
I know they are part of the NFC South in the NFL. They have won a lot of superbowls. Do you follow football?
The Dallas Cowboys are a professional American football team based in the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex
Do you have a favorite sports team?
Yes, Toy Story is starring Tom Hanks and Tim Allen.
Yes, they are in it, like Tom Hanks, Christopher Lee and Tom Hanks
Well, Unbelievable! It's a young adult fiction, so you'll like it!
Done
Blake Griffin is a basketball player from Oklahoma City.
I don't know much about basketball either. I guess he's from Nashville
I'm a tennis fan. I like to watch college baseball. What about you?
Sure, it was the latest movie in the series. Are you interested in other works by the same author?
William Sanderson also starred in The Handmaid's Tale and X-Men: The Last Stand.
Kevin Costner was also in it. He was in a movie called Blade Runner.
Bood Diamond starred Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Me too! He was in What's Eating Gilbert Grape, The Wolf of Wall Street, and the infamous Titanic. Have you seen any of those, or perhaps?
Of course! "The Wolf of Wall Street" and "The Thin Red Line."
He has starred in Match Point, The Missing, and Welcome to Sarajevo.
It's a romance film.
The Way is a drama.
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy it!
Law Abiding Citizen is starring F. Gary Gary who directed The Italian Job which you might like.
Roger Bart also starred in Gone Baby Gone which is a psychological thriller. Have you seen that one?
You might like Snow White and the Huntsman, which are also psychological thrillers.
The fifth element is written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Matrix Revisited.
The Farthest Shore is a science fiction movie, have you seen it?
You're welcome
She's an amazing artist. I think she's been in a lot of shows. She's been in a lot of shows but isn't she?
I've heard some of her pop hits. She's also been a model and a film producer.
I like her too. She's a great singer. Did you know she was in Men in Black 3?
Sure. He wrote The Captain and the Great Gatsby. Do you like Fantasy books?
It's a story of a Swiss mail order bride.
Yes. You may be interested in the book. I'm not sure of the translation.
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Dogtown.
It is fiction.
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days on Mars
Your welcome
Sure! Are you into Crime Fiction?
It is a drama/crime movie like Capone. Do you like that genre?
It is a crime movie and a historical period drama. Which one is your favorite?
It is starring Robert De Niro and Matt Dillon.
You are welcome
So-so. Do you mean the Science-Fiction written by Preston and directed by Preston and directed by Roland Emmerich
It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants is also a good Drama movie , have you seen it?
This film stars Thomas Lennon and Lillian Gwynne, have you seen it?
Sure, Welcome
Sure, she wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Redemption.
Its a romance novel, similar to Beautiful Darkness.
I'm not sure about that. I believe it's like Wicked Lovely which is a romance novel.
Glad to help!
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time is a fantasy adventure movie. Similar movies would be The Looking Glass Wars. Would you like to read something in particular?
The Looking Glass Wars is a fantasy movie you might like.
Daniel Radcliffe starred in Dungeons & Dragons.
you're welcome.
The wedding girl, Mirandas big mistake are some of them
Sophie Kinsella wrote Wedding Night and Twenties Girl
Wedding Night is a romance.
Don't mention it.
Sure. She wrote many good books; Graceling, Fire, and Bitterblue. Do you like Fantasy or Speculative fiction?
Yes, it is a romance novel
Do you like Voyager?
No problem
she wrote A Tree Grows In Brooklyn. Would you like to know more?
The Year it was released also
No it was in English, but it was released in 1943
Are you referring to the football player?
Thanks for the info. What team do you like?
Oh, the Mets! I like baseball, too! My favorite team is the Redskins. What is yours?
My favorite team is the Red Sox. What is yours?
Yes, he is an actor. He starred in Zodiac, The Social Network and The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo.
Yes, I have seen it, I highly recommend it.
Yes, he directed The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and Gone with the Wind.
Yes i do one of them is Shackleton which is an action adventure film
Matthew Macfadyen, Kenneth Branagh also starred in Shackleton.
It came out in 2002.
William Goldman starred in The Princess Bride
He wrote a book called The Princess Bride
Yes, if you like thrillers, drama, and fantasy you might like Shark Night.
No problem.
Sure, she wrote Throne of Glass and the entire Assassin series, to name a few. Have you read any of those?
I would recommend What Happened to Goodbye and Crusade. Both are a very good read.
No problem, enjoy!
Stan Lee and Emma Stone are in the movie.
Yes he is. Emma Stone is married to Emma Stone. Did you know she was in The Amazing Spider-Man 2?
Yes Rashida Jones is in that movie as well. Would you like to know more about her?
You are welcome!
Sure, he wrote the book, Things Fall Apart. Would you like to know more?
I like The Tales of Beedle the Bard and The Gods of Mars. Have you heard of them?
I have not seen that one. It is a crime genre. Are you interested in that?
You are welcome have a good day.
Sure! Do you like thrillers?
Yes. He was in it, have you seen it?
Your welcome
Mitch Alborn wrote Tuesdays with Morrie. Have you read this one yet?
Tuesdays with Morrie has genres Memoir, Biography, and Philosophy
Tuesdays with Morrie has genres Memoir, Biography, and Biography
Lana Wachowski who wrote and directed The Matrix starred in The Matrix Revisited.
It starred Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, and Channing Tatum.
I'm not a big fan of Thrillers. Is that the genre you enjoy?
Sure. Did you know Echoes of Silence was in a comedy called The Long Kiss Goodnight?
It was really impressive! I think he was also a voice actor as well.
I do. It is a mystery/suspense book by John Grisham. Are you familiar with his work?
Some of his thrillers are Gone Girl, The Pelican Brief, and The Firm. Would you like some others?
It was released in 1971 and is also in the suspense genre.
I'm not sure the genre is suspense but it is also considered a fantasy.
Yes. It is written in English and is also in the English language.
You're welcome.
Green Eggs and Ham? As in the book written by Dr. Seuss?
The Cat in the Hat, Hop on Pop and There's a Wocket in My Pocket are all great books that he wrote.
There's a Wocket in My Pocket and The Sneetches and Other Stories.
You're welcome.
I love Adam Levine. Maroon 5 is one of my favorites.
That's great. I'm a huge fan of Maroon 5
Yes. I like the X Factor as well. Do you like his music?
He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
Yes it is, similar to X-Men: First Class.
I'm always happy to help!
Would you like to know about other works written by William Shakespeare?
He also wrote Romeo and Juliet, A Midsummer Night's Dream, and Twelfth Night. Have you read any of these?
I suggest Gnomeo & Juliet, or The Winter's Tale.
You're welcome.
Anthony Hopkins starred in Bobby, The Edge. Would you like to hear more of his movies?
Yes, Anthony Hopkins also starred in the film Bobby.
The movie was released in 1995.
Anthony Hopkins also starred in The Devil Wears Prada.
You are welcome.
I would recommend Wizard and Glass and The Sandman: Endless Nights. My favorite is The Graveyard Book.
Yes, that's right, it's a fantasy.
That's a good one, I think you might like The Absolute Sandman as well.
Yes, The Graveyard Book is considered Children's literature, Sci-Fi and Fantasy.
You're welcome!
It is a romance and stars Scarlett Johansson and Matt Letscher.
Sure. Scarlett Johansson starred in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie, and animated film; and The Prestige.
Ok, i'm sure you will like them!
Alright, she's also in the X-Men series, Under the Skin.
It's a good one!
You're welcome!
Yes! It stars Vivica A. Fox and David Carradine and is an Action Film. You like Action?
Vivica A. Fox was also in Pulp Fiction, Wilde and Valiant. Have you seen any of these?
Yes, he is. He was also in Pulp Fiction as well.
The are a pretty good team. Do you follow football much?
I think Bud Adams was influenced by the Tennessee Titans, what's your favorite team?
I don't really know, but I do know he passed away in 2012.
Sure, he directed The Apostle. It's a romance, drama, and a biography. Is that what you're looking for?
Yes, he also wrote the Apostle.
Of course, Zodiac, The Apostle was a really popular Indie film, have you seen it?
Christina Perri is a singer, songwriter, and musician.
no I didn't. that is all I know about her.
yea hes a good one. do you like basketball?
the basketball player is very popular so i do not know much
I think he is a really good artist. I really like him in movies too!
Honestly, I don't know anything about him. I'm more of a Justin Timberlake fan myself. What about you?
He certainly is talented. Isn't he married to Eva Longoria?
Yes, The Fellowship of the Ring is based on The Fellowship of the Ring.
He was in the Hobbit series of movies. I haven't seen that one.
He was in The Two Towers and The Fellowship of the Ring.
The Battle of Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan, the next novel is The Titan's Curse.
Did you know there's the next book in that series? The Titan's Curse is written by Rick Riordan.
Well, The Lost Hero is a good one, it is part of that series.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He directed The Simpsons Movie, are you familiar with that show?
He also directed The Simpsons Movie. He also directed The Red Pony which is also a comedy.
Ok, then you might like The Warrior's Way, The Manchurian Candidate, or The Hillbillies.
Enjoy it!
She wrote Wicked and Wicked. Are you a fan of musical theater?
Yes, Wicked was released in 1995 as a play. The genre is a drama/romance.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, Armentrout wrote Wicked was released in 2014 as well.
You're welcome.
Yes, she wrote Three Cups of Tea and This is Spinal Tap.
Willie Garson also starred in Braveheart. It also has genre Science Fiction.
It was released in 2008
You're welcome
I do! He wrote The Bone Clocks and The Bone Clocks. Have you read any of those?
It is also in the English language. I'm not sure if it is in English.
It's a fantasy novel but is also considered young adult fiction. Do you like Stephen King?
No problem. Enjoy!
Sure, he directed Super with Rob Zombie and Slither with Jenna Fischer.
Jason Statham and Brad Pitt are in Slither.
He also directed Super, which is a thriller.
Hope you enjoy
Sure, he wrote The Merchant of Venice and Much a do About Nothing. I can tell you more about either of those?
Yes, it was released in 1606. That is the same year The Tragedy of Anthony and Cleopatra was released.
Yes. Gnomeo & Juliet was written by Paul Werstine.
Elysium is a action thriller staring Matt Damon and was released in 2013.
In addition to Elysium, it was released in 2013 and stars Matt Damon and Josh Brolin.
He's good! He was in The Green Mile, which is also a good movie.
If you like Gravity, you might also enjoy Gravity!
ok
I am not sure off the top of my head. I think his last album was released in 2016.
Yes it was. I'm not sure of that but I can tell you that The Thrill of It was also played on the radio.
I'm not a fan of his. I do like American Pie and American Pie, what about you?
Not really a fan of these type of music. My favorite band is Texas.
Are you in to Chinese? Since most of his books are written in a weird language
Sorry I do not have that information
Its a fiction book
I think I remember that he is a Brazilian jiu-jitsu champion?
He also played in the UFC 94 and was amazing.
No I don't think I will have to look her. What sport do you like?
He wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Sure thing. He also wrote The Grand Design and A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
It has a great cast including Chris Pratt and Jennifer Ehle.
Have a good day.
I like his song New Perspective! What's your favorite?
Is this the book that was written by Frances Mayes?
Under Magnolia was released in 2003.
Under Magnolia was released in 2003.
Brad Garrett starred in Underdog ,The Pacifier,The Country Bears and The Clockwork Girl among other movies
The Pacifier is a Thriller, Mystery, Drama, and Crime movie. Do you like those genres?
Underdog is a comedy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you enjoy crime or dramas?
It is a thriller, science fiction, drama.
Yes. He also starred in The Escapist.
Sure. Jay Asher wrote Thirteen Reasons Why and The Future of Us. Do either of those interest you?
I would recommend Xenocide and Wyrd Sisters. Both are excellent speculative fiction.
You got it. One of my favorites is Xenocide.
It was released on February 15, 1922. Anything else I can help you with?
Awesome! I hope you enjoy it.
City of Lost souls has a genre Fantasy and Adventure do you like these genres?
The Mortal Instruments was released in 2013.
The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones, City of Ashes, and City of Glass.
You bet! I hope you enjoy.
The Historian has the genre suspense which includes The Last Templar and The Collector
Gone Girl is a great suspense book. If you like suspense, it is Shark Night.
I can definitely recommend Without Fail by Dick Hall. It's in the genre of Thriller.
You're very welcome.
The Messenger is a great one or The Mark of Athena.
I did enjoy it. Did you know it was written by Tate Taylor?
I believe he did. He also starred in Welcome to the Monkey House and Timequake. Have you seen them?
What's Your Number is a Thriller/Romance .
Enjoy!
Sure. Didn't it star Robert Downey Jr.? If you like his movies, you might try The Avengers or One Night Stand.
The genre is Thriller and Drama.
Yes, he is in it, like The Hunger Games and Mockingjay.
You are welcome.
Sure, Rupert Sanders directed Snow White and the Huntsman.
She did, she was also in Winter Olympics, have you seen it?
He also wrote Tales of Beedle the Bard, and The Thin Red Line.
You're welcome!
The Mark of Athena is a Greek mythology book written by Rick Riordan.
Yes, it was a good one! If you like young adult fiction, I recommend The Titan's Curse.
No problem. Enjoy!
I don't know much about The Weeknd, is he a friend with Selena Gomez?
The Muppets also starred Meryl Streep and Emily Blunt. She was also in Spring Breakers.
Me too! That was a great movie. It also starred Ralph Fiennes, who is awesome!
Sure, I love her. Her music is very Influential but she is also a talented actress.
Yes, I love Will Smith too. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was. He was also in The Bluest Eye. Have you seen that one?
Sure, he wrote Terms of Endearment. Have you read that one?
There's Something About Mary directed by Woody Allen who also wrote Escape from New York. Do you like his work?
Yes Man is a great movie. Another good Romance movie you might like is Without a Trace.
This is the film that Evan Goldberg has directed! Evan Goldberg is listed as a director, director, producer, and director. He wrote The Goonies, and directed Maleficent.
Great! You should check out her most recent work, It's a Wonderful Life.
Yes, This is the End is a fantasy. Similar to The Looking Glass Wars, you might enjoy that.
You are welcome enjoy
Yes, John G. Avildsen is the screenwriter and he wrote the Karate Kid. Have you heard of that one?
Yes. Sylvester Stallone also starred in Under the Tuscan Sun. It was a TV miniseries.
That one is starring Tom Hanks, Bruce Willis, Brad Pitt, and Kenneth Branagh. Would you like to hear more?
Yes! She is from The Cosby Show.
Glad to help!
Movies similar to Harry Potter include The Chronicles of Narnia and Beauty and the Beast
The Queen of Attolia is Fantasy
I am not sure but there is a similar movie Toy Story
There are 3 parts in this series, but i am not sure.
Chris Weitz is the director
Your welcome
Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
Have you read The Valley of Horses or The Shelters of Stone? I highly recommend those.
The Shelters of Stone is a Fantasy novel that was released in 1993.
You may like The Clan of the Cave Bear, The Plains of Passage, or The Last Colony.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Derek Jacobi is in a lots of movies. My favorites are X-Men Apocalypse and Underworld:Evolution. Are those appealing to you?
Unforgivable Blackness also starred Adam Arkin and it was directed by Ken Burns
He sure did. He also starred in The Big Lebowski which is a comedy.
That is correct. He also starred in a movie called Rules of Attraction.
I know he is an athlete and plays cricket
No, I don't. I am more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I do. I like tennis. Serena Williams is my favorite player.
Wow he must be very good at what he does but I'm not sure of his own name.
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
That's right. I liked Space Jam a lot. Who's your favorite player on that team?
I think I heard of him. Do you know if he produced Ghostbusters?
Probably so, however their coach John Fox seems very effective.
Sure, it seems as though he has only written one other book called The Sea of Monsters.
It is speculative fiction and fantasy.
You might enjoy The Lightning Thief or The Sea of Monsters
There are so many great books to recommend. You might want to start with The Curious Case of Benjamin Button
It was released in 2002. Have you read it?
He has written a few things like The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, The Great Gatsby, and The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. Have you read any of those or see
You are very welcome! Enjoy!
Michael Crichton is not only an author but a film producer and director as well. He wrote the book Disclosure. Does this interest you?
Emily Bront is also in Crichton.
Sure. Robin Cook is a writer and film producer. He has also written Song of Solomon.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Aside from Ratatouille, it was produced by Leo Tolstoy and starred in The Incredibles
Yes he does, Jason Lee also starred in The Incredibles. He also starred in Mystic River as well.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Great Expectations: Pip's Name and Going Astray: Dickens and London.
I'm not sure but it could be classified as a biography
Great Expectations: Pip's Name and Going Astray: Dick and the Giant Peach
Sure, Ed Sheeran wrote Kick-Ass with Zoey Deutch.
Yes, it was
Yes, he sings Stay with me and Not the only one.
I can tell you it is speculative fiction. It that a genre that interests you?
Siddhartha was written by Hermann Hesse. Would you like books by Hesse?
It was written by Andrew Niccol, a young-adult fiction.
He also wrote Welcome to the Monkey House and The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul.
You're welcome!
Yes, I like it! It's also a fantasy, speculative fiction and fantasy movie. Do you like those genres?
You might also enjoy the Harry Potter movies like Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
I'm having trouble finding that information. Is there anything else I can help with?
Absolutely! The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes is a short story detective fiction novel by Arthur Conan Doyle. Do you like detective fiction?
Great! Did you want to know more about the book or adventure genre?
The genre is Mystery. Do you like Mystery books?
It is a short story.
Do you like The Girl on the Train because it's a psychological thriller?
The Girl on the Train was written by Sean Penn.
I'm not sure if there's any other films filmed, but The Girl on the Train was directed by Magic Johnson.
Yes, I love his music! I liked him in The Pursuit of Happiness. Have you seen it?
I like her fathers music. I heard he is very talented.
Yes! She is a great singer, song writer and actress.
Yes, I do. He starred in Thirteen Ghosts and The Big Lebowski. Have you seen either of those?
No, Nora Dunn starred in it as well. Do you like thrillers?
Do you like Drama movies or because of the genre?
Great, enjoy!
Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995. Do you like the book because of its story line?
Yes, it was also written by Christopher Bigsby
Yes, it is considered Drama, Sci fi and Drama.
Yes, The Wiz is a good drama.
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
He has starred in The Girl Next Door, The Secret, and The Girl Next Door. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, Marisa Tomei starred in The Wrestler, she also starred in Will Grayson.
She's been in a number of movies including The Wrestler, The Fountains of Paradise and The Wild Life.
No, it is really good! It is a fantasy adventure movie, so you will like it.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
He directed Legend of Tarzan and Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. Do you like dramas?
He certainly is! He was also in Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, which is considered a classic. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome. Have a good day!
Sure. Joseph Heller wrote The Dark Knight Rises and The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
The Horse Whisperer is a good one
You're welcome.
Sure, Stefan Kapicic Starred in Deadpool a comedy and also starred Ryan Reynolds. Do you like his work?
It is a good one. Stefan Kapicic is also in Twilight and he is also in X-Men: The Last Stand.
It is a great movie, it is a superhero movie.
Sure. That's a film based on J.K. Rowling's work. Do you enjoy the Harry Potter series?
The Harry Potter series is on the same series, as The Prisoner of Azkaban.
Absolutely, some books written by Lockhart include We Were Liars and The Disreputable History of Frankie Landaue-Banks
It sure is. It was released in 1929. Did you know it was also made into a movie?
Certainly. Enjoy.
Interstellar starred Matthew McConaughey, Mackenzie Foy and Anne Hathaway. It is a Sci-fi/adeventure, were you looking for one in that genre or with those actors?
If you like Interstellar, you might also like X-Men: The Last Stand, or World War Z.
Another good Sci-Fi movie you might like is X-Men: The Last Stand,
It stars Armin Mueller, Josh Brolin, and Ang Lee. I highly recommend it.
Cool, have you seen The Jungle Book or The Maltese Falcon?
He is a nice singer. I like his Hunting, fishing and loving everyday song. How about you
It's a pop music. similar to I Don't Want This Night to End.
It's a pop music.
He directed Equilibrium a drama and Ultraviolet
Then you'll like that movie, it's a drama. It's similar to Equilibrium.
She's a great actress. You should check out her most recent movies. It's The Improbable Adventures of Sherlock Holmes though.
No problem
He directed Find Me Guilty and The Verdict
I am not sure but I know he is a scientist and author
Crime genre is crime fiction.
Do you like The Selection because it is written by Kiera Cass or because it is a Young-adult fiction?
Other books written by Kierra Cass include The Siren, The Prince, and The Selection are Young-adult fiction
Hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome
Richard Linklater wrote Waking Life, which stars Ethan Hawke.
It is, similar to The Da Vinci Code and The Sitter.
Sure, Have a nice day.
He directed Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
John Green wrote it. Are you interested in other books by him?
Sure, John Green wrote Paper Towns.
Other books in the genre young-adult fiction are Paper Towns and Looking for Alaska.
Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, Good Will Hunting was directed by Matt Damon. Do you like dramas?
He actually did! He also directed Restless. Have you seen that one?
Yep, that's correct. He's a very talented actor. He was also in The Tales of Beedle the Bard and The Gift. Have you seen them?
I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
He wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames and Naked. Have you read either of those?
He's a bit poppy for sure. He does voice acting in that film. If you like that, he also wrote Dagboekbrieven 14 juni 1942 - 28 years old
apologizes, I don't have that information. Something else I can help you with?
It was written by E. Lockhart in 2014.
Sure, E. Lockhart wrote We Were Liars, The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks, and The Yellow Submarine.
It's a fictional picture of a world divided by Germany and Japan, victors of the second World War. Just to name a few.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Charles Frazier is an American author. He wrote Thirteen Moons and the book that went to film called Cold Mountain. Are you a fan?
Thirteen Moons has the genre of Thriller, Suspense, Speculative Fiction, and Social Criticism.
Thirteen Moons was written by Charles Frazier.
You're welcome.
I like contemporary R & B but I like Beyonce more.
I am sure you can check out their music, I know they're very popular. I think one of their top players was X-pop.
Yes he's a great actor. He starred in Island of the blue Dolphins which won a Newbery Medal.
He wrote Island of the Blue Dolphins which was released in 1960 and is also a writer.
Yes he did . Éric-Emmanuel Schmitt is a writer and poet.
He, from China, is famous for his table tennis ability, which is awesome to watch.
Yes, he did. He is also a table tennis player.
No problem. Are there any other sports you enjoy?
She is the author of Het Achterhuis: Dagboekbrieven 14 juni 1942 - 1 augustus 1944.
It appears to be in English
Yes, Eleanor Roosevelt wrote Dagboekbrieven
You are welcome.
That was written by Nicholas Pileggi and Martin Scorsese. It stars Vincent Pastore, Vincent Gallo, Samuel L. Jackson and Robert De Niro to name a few. Do you like movies with those actors?
A couple of good ones are The Black Dahlia and Get Low. Have you seen those?
You may like Dramas. It is also a good movie.
Bernard Hill starred in What Just Happened. what else can i do for you?
Yes, it is. Art Linson also wrote Inside Job.
You are welcome!
Do you like this because it is a Thriller or because it is an adventure movie?
Richard Roxburgh is starring in What Lies Beneath
1964
You are welcome.
I know a little bit, they're a basketball team. Aren't they coached by Doc Rivers?
On occasion I watch a bit. Did you know that Grousbeck owns the Boston Celtics.
I do, I like the Lakers. Who's your favorite team?
I've never heard of him, he should be a good player.
Sure, he starred in the Pianist.
Yes that is true he is in Lawnmower Man as well
Simon West is a great director as well. He directed Shooting the Past.
She wrote Tuck Everlasting. I bet you would like it.
Yes, Tuck Everlasting is a romance. Would you like to know some other romance books?
Yes, it is considered children's literature and similar to Wuthering Heights.
Great, enjoy!
Sure, do you like the movie because of the genre of it's actors?
Roland Emmerich also produced The Perks of Being a Wallflower.
Yes, Tom McCarthy starred in that movie. Would you like to know about other movies starring Tom McCarthy?
You are welcome!
Sure! Basher Savage starred in Gravity, which is a thriller. Do you like that genre?
Gravity was released in 1994. Would you like to know more about that?
Gravity was released in 2013. Son of the Circus was released in 2013.
Sure, Shutter Island and Zodiac are great Sci-Fi films.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I don't know much but I think they are doing well this year. Do you like football?
I didn't realize they were previously in Las Vegas. They moved to Las Vegas now.
Yes, that's true. They have gone to the Super Bowl a few times since their last time.
It is written by Christopher Nolan, starring William Morgan Sheppard and Scarlett Johansson.
It starred Roger Reese and Hugh Jackman. Have you seen it?
Rebecca Hall starred in WALL-E which is a science fiction film
Glad to be of help
Catch 22 is in the War and Satire genre. Is this the genre you prefer?
It is a war novel and similar to The Road to El Dorado.
There is a book similar to it called Closing Time. Would you like to know more?
You are welcome
He wrote Tempted which is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 2007 in the English language. Another book you might like is Untamed: A House of Night Novel.
You are very welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
Yes. I like A Tale of Two Cities. Have you read it?
It is. Did you know it was part of the series?
I will have to check that out, thanks.
You're welcome.
John Lasseter directed The Terminator and The Order. Have you seen either of these?
It was released in 2004. That's a good one!
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But Peter Jacobson has a voiceover role in the film.
Sure, no problem!
He is ok but I think his Spouse Hayden Panettiere is great
She was married to Hayden Panettiere, and starred in Ocean's Eleven. She also starred in Ocean's Eleven.
Yes, you should! He's also in Mystic River and Taxi Driver.
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
Yes they are a good team, but I like the redskins. What is your favorite team?
Whoa, the coach of the Redskins?
Was this the book written by Terry Pratchett? Or Neil Gaiman?
Yes that is correct he also wrote Wyrd Sisters
There are so many Speculative Fiction books, Wyrd Sisters, Witches Abroad, Wizard's First Rule, Witches Abroad
He is on the Golden State Warriors. Are you a basketball fan?
I think he is 47 years old
That's right, he is tall
No problem
Anthony Heald starred in The Silence of the Lambs and The Client. Heard of either of these films?
Yes, he also wrote The Silence of the Lambs as well. Do you like comedy too?
Well you might also like The Silence of the Lambs, it is a thriller that was produced by Ted Tally.
You are very welcome!
The Transformers is a great action adventure film! Have you seen the other movies in the series?
Yes, Shia Lebouf also starred in V for Vendeta.
Sure, have you watch Sci-Fi or Thrillers?
Russell is an American professional basketball player who plays point guard for the Seattle Supersonics.
Yes I am a basketball fan, but I haven't watched it before. I do like Space Jam.
Yes, they played in the 90s. He's a good player.
I don't know about Hush Hush but I can recommend you movies where Christoph Waltz starred.
yes it is, another great romance novel
It is a romance novel and it was written by William Golding
Okay enjoy!
Thank you
A few things. He's from London and plays Golf most prominently.
That's okay, I feel the same. I like watching Tiger Woods and golf more. What do you think about Tiger Woods?
Is that the movie written by Adam Sandler, starring him and Sean Penn?
The Miami Dolphins are a great team in the AFC West division. I think their owner Randy Lerner would be happier with a better place.
Who is your favorite team?
We are a big fan of theirs, too! They are a team in the NFC South!
Yes, actually he wrote Rayuela
It was released in 1963, the same year that Way Station was released.
You're welcome.
I think she is a singer. Is that who you mean?
She was in a science fiction movie called The Giver. Did you know Taylor was also in The Lorax?
The Giver was written by Lois Lowry, who also wrote The Lorax.
Hi, I can tell you the author is John Green.
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars, which is also a book.
It is also similar to The Fault in Our Stars, also written by John Green.
It is a good movie. Enjoy.
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works
Breakfast at Tiffany's was produced by Truman Capote. Would you like more information about Murder?
I have not seen it but I know it was released in 1967 and is a drama/fantasy genre. Another good one of my favorites is Snatch.
Sure, Nathan Greno directed Finding Neverland. It is a drama, do you like that genre?
That is correct. Mandy Moore was in Tangled too. Would you like to watch it?
Absolutely! White House Down and Welcome to Temptation are great animation films.
That's right. Tim Allen starred in Toy Story 2. He is very famous!
Well, he was also in Larry Crowne. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome! Enjoy.
Yes it is a great movie! Do you like it because it's a science fiction film?
The Goonies is a sequel of The Goonies, is that what you are looking for?
This movie was released in 2006. Would you like to know anything else about this movie?
Great movie! It starred Russell Crowe, Paul Bettany, Michael Abbott, Jr., and Judd Hirsch.
He also starred in Zombieland, He's a great actor.
He also starred in Zombieland.
You're welcome. Enjoy
Sure, it stars Marlon Brando as well, along with Vivica A. Fox and Bill Paxton.
Terry Pratchett directed The Scent of a Woman.
No, Terry Pratchett is the director.
He has starred in all The Godfather movies. Did you see that one?
It's a crime drama.
Sure! White House Down, We Were Soldiers, and Walking Tall all have received good reviews.
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo stars Al Pacino.
Glad to help!
Yes, isn't she a singer?
Anne-Marie is a singer like Paul McCartney
Some of her albums are Stones into Schools: Promoting Peace with Books, Not Bombs, Infinite Jest
Not really, but I've heard some of their music. Who's your favorite?
I personally like their music. I am a fan of Linkin Park fan, so I like some of their stuff. They're very talented. Especially with their music. What about you?
They're pretty dynamic on and off the top of my head. I prefer rock, like Ozzy or Metallica.
Sure, he starred in movies like Wag the Dog and The Devil's Advocate.
He was also in Twilight, which is a TV miniseries.
He was in quite a few including The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes and The World According to Garp.
Tyrone Giordano also starred in The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou and Stuck on You.
That's a good one. She also starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back.
Sure, no problem!
Sure, she wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath. A few of Sylvia Plath's works include The Journals of Sylvia Plath and Ariel. What kind of books do you like?
Of course, she also wrote The Collected Poems, and Ariel, just to name a few.
Writings of Sylvia Plath, have you sent it?
I think he was the most popular song of his. Did you know he was in Men in Black 3
Really, it seems to be a drama genre as well. He also starred in Someone Like You which is a comedy.
That's the one. The whale is written by John Lee Hancock. It's a great movie. Have you seen it?
Sure, I can help. He directed Deadpool. Have you seen that movie?
Deadpool is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy movies?
Steven Spielberg directed Zoolander, he also directed it.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He wrote II Principe
Il Principe is a non-fiction, but was also written by Niccol Machiavelli, in English.
Unfortunatelly, I'm only seeing Il Principe at the moment. But it was also written by Niccol Machiavelli, in English.
Oh you must give it a try! It was released in 1513, so it is always a classic!
Sure. He wrote The Egyptian and The Charge of the Light Brigade. Are you familiar with either?
I am not sure off the top of my head but I see it was released in 2005.
It is written in English.
She has written many good books. including The Color Purple which was also a play. Do you enjoy books by female authors?
The Novel, The Color Purple is genre Drama, if you like fiction.
The Color Purple is a musical, if you like musicals, anything else i can suggest?
Oh that starred Christopher Nolan
It has genre Psychological Thriller, do you like that genre?
Enjoy
The soccer player? I heard he is good. He is fourth-most goals scored of all time in the world championship four years ago.
Wow, I didn't know that. Thanks for the information.
I like them too. Who is your favorite player?
The Scarlet Letter was written by Elizabeth George Speare and a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
He wrote The World According to Garp and The Cider House Rules.
The World According to Garp is a Fiction Novel that was released in 1981.
It was released in 1995.
You're welcome!
He wrote Set it off starring Vivica A. Fox
She was in Princess Mononoke, which is a romance film.
It was released in 2013 and also stars Helena Bonham Carter and Rosario Dawson.
Of course. I hope you enjoy it!
Have you seen other movies in the genre like Ocean's Thirteen?
Sure. The Fight Club was directed by David Fincher and stars Edward Norton with Brad Pitt.
I don't think I would recommend a comedy movie, but the movie was based on the true story.
Brad Pitt is known for his roles in the dramas such as Edward Norton and Bruce Almighty.
You're welcome
It's a romance and a biography. Do you like biographies or just romance in general?
Simon McBurney also starred in What's Up, Tiger Lily have you seen it?
It is a Romantic film, similar to The Best Man and The Secret Life of Bees.
Yes, he is a Cricket player from Jalandhar.
Anything else I can assist you with?
That's a interesting fact. I think he was from India.
Yes the Los Angeles Lakers are coached by Doc Rivers, Scott D'Antoni and Mike Brown. Do you like them?
Mike Brown is a good coach. I think he is a good songwriter.
Holes is written by Louis Sachar. It was released in 1998. Have you read this book?
Wayside School is Falling Down is written by Louis Sachar. Have you read this book?
Absolutely! It was written by Louis Sachar. I am glad that I could help.
I know that he plays basketball for the Golden State Warriors. He plays both positions shooting guard and point guard.
I'm not sure, but I don't know much about him. I think he's actually married to Mirka Federer.
They are all basketball movies. A good one to check out is The NBA. It's really funny!
You're welcome!
Ethan Suplee starred in Vulgar
Vulgar is a fantasy comedy-drama film. It has a bit of drama and comedy.
Sure Vulgar is a 2018 science fiction action film directed by Kevin Smith. It is about a headlining fight with Oscar De La Hoya and Jeff Bridges.
Sure, he has starred in The Pursuit of Happiness and Stupid Hoe.
Absolutely! I am so glad to help. Enjoy the movie.
I haven't heard much but I think it is a German sports club
I actually don't know much about soccer, what sports do you like?
I haven't read it, but I heard it's a good piece of speculative fiction. Is that the genre you are looking for?
Sure. He wrote Wizard's First Rule and The Pillars of Creation. Have you read those?
I believe it is a romance novel.
Ninety Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell. It's a Social Criticism. Does that interest you?
My data has it listed as speculative fiction and fantasy.
I dont know if he wrote a fiction novel, but he wrote Nineteen Eighty-Four which is fiction but has historical fiction genre.
I am not sure about the novel, but I believe it is a historical novel.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
It is a Children's literature genre.
You are welcome.
Thank you.
I think he is/was a NFL player. I don't know much about him.
That's right. Wes Welker is a quarterback for the Houston Rockets. Do you like football?
I like Stephen Gostkowski. He's with the New England Patriots. I'm more of a Patriots fan. Do you like him?
Yes I do. He is a celebrity boxer.
Sorry, I don't know much about him.
That is interesting. I did see that I did not know that.
Well, The Time Machine was written by H.G. Wells who also wrote The War of the Worlds. Have you heard of it?
It was written by Robert Zemeckis. It's considered a Sci-Fi novel.
The genre is science fiction
the Breaking Dawn is part of the Twilight Series. Have you seen that?
There's The Fault in Our Stars, which is also a Romance. Have you seen that one?
Sure. It stars Steve Buscemi and Chris Hemsworth and is considered a fantasy.
Great, both of them are very good.
Andrew Garfield starred in Zombieland with his mate, Emma Stone.
Great. The Amazing Spider-Man starred Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield. It is a science fiction based movie.
Yes she did. She also won an Academy Award.
Sure, How to Win Friends and Influence People is written by Dale carnegie. Similar books are The magic of Thinking Big and The Happiness Project.
The Power of Thinking Big and What to Expect When You're Expecting are great books I recommend.
He also wrote First Things First: To Live, to Love, to Learn, to Leave a Legacy. Have you read any of these?
You're welcome!
Do you like the New York Yankees?
Jack Reacher is a mystery/Thriller starring Tom Cruise, Robert Duvall and David Oyelowo. It's a great mystery thriller.
There are many Jack Reacher films, including Reacher, X-Men, and The Last Samurai.
Shark Night also stars Kyla Pratt and Josh Brolin, have you seen it?
No, I haven't heard his music but I know that he is very talented, he is a songwriter too.
Yes, he is a Musician and he is from Brazil. Do you like his music?
Well, he won't do you know some of his songs, but i think you might like Lock, Stock, and Two by Two.
Are you a fan of animated films? If so I would recommend The Incredibles.
Ratatouille is written by Jane Austen and stars Emma Stone. It's a Thriller
You're welcome!
Matt Malloy directed it, did you like it because it was a mystery?
It's similar to The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. You might like that.
It stars Robert Downey Jr and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Great, I'll add them to your list.
Was this book written by Paula McLain?
No, I haven't. But I heard it was good.
Circling the Sun was released in 2015, and it was written by Mark Helprin.
No, it was not in English, but it was released in English. Enjoy!
Yes, she's a great singer. Do you like her?
I like Stronger too. Do you know a lot of hers?
I actually don't know, but I know she is friends with Clay Aiken. I like her too.
That's a good reality television show as well. Have you ever watched the show?
If you like City of Fallen Angels, City of Bones is a good one.
City of Fallen Angels is written by Cassandra Clare and a part of the series.
The Mortal Instruments is part of the series, have you read this?
No problem!
Yes. Terry George has directed Hotel Rwanda, starring Sophie Okonedo and Joaquin Phoenix
It is an adventure film
Vivica A. Fox, David Carradine and is a great actor.
I believe it is a drama.
Sure! You can try The Monuments Men or The Limits of Control if you like the genre.
I am not sure who stars in The Other Boleyn Girl. However it is a drama film.
Absolutely, Franz Kafka wrote The Castle as well as Amerika
The Castle is a Fantasy novel that was released in 2003. It's about a novelist who runs a ranch and the first book was released in 2003.
Sure. It's about a American Gods who runs a ranch and the Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants series.
You're welcome! Have a great day.
He directed The Goonies, starring Steve Antin and Richard Donner. Have you seen it?
It has a great cast including Josh Brolin, Ricky Gervais, and Noah Segan. Would you like to hear more?
Sure! Paula Hawkins wrote The Great Gatsby and The Red Pyramid. Have you read either of these?
It was, have you seen it? The movie was highly rated!
No problem
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren. what else can i answer for you today?
The Siren is fantasy and The Queen is fantasy. Do you like fantasy books?
If you are into Children's literature, The Siren is a good one! It's similar to The Queen which is also fantasy.
I do! It was written by Percy Bysshe Shelley and Percy Bysshe Shelley. Are you familiar with these actors?
There is a movie starring Percy Bysshe Shelley that wrote The Modern Prometheus, and The Last Hero.
There is The Last Man written by Percy Bysshe Shelley.
Tempestt Bledsoe is a great one.
Yes. Paper Towns was written by John Green, is a young adult fiction/ mystery and was released in 2008.
I have. Are you familiar with The Fault in Our Stars?
The basketball player?
Yes he was, do you know what is the genre of this movie?
Yes that is true. Do you know what sport they play?
The Scorch Trials was written by James Dashner. It's a Young-adult fiction, do you like that genre?
Yes, Way Station is a great one.
Yes I have. I hope you enjoy it.
Of course! X-men is an action movie, but a sci-fi flick, but I get the feeling you're more interested in the superhero factor of it?
James Franco and Tyler Labine are starring in this film. Do you like those actors?
Yes, Volcano stars Tom Cruise and Kevin Corrigan. It's a Thriller, do you like those kinds of movies?
I have not seen Moulin Rouge, is written by both Craig Pearce and Baz Luhrmann?
Yes, she was in it as well! Do you like her acting?
Temuera Morrison and Ray Winstone also starred in it.
You're welcome
I know he plays soccer for the Real Madrid C.F. from Portugal. You like soccer
Not much. I am more of a American Football fan. What about you?
No, I am not a sports fan. What about you?
No, I do not. What sports do you like?
That's good. Who is your favorite team?
They sure do. Who do you like the redskins?
Alan Rickman starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wild Life.
Sure, Scarface is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Oliver Stone is a great actor. You might also like The Doors and The Voyage of the Dawn Treader.
Yes. Rodney Dangerfield also starred in The Matrix Revisited.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, he wrote Little Miss Sunshine starring Paul Dano.
What else can you tell me about Little Miss Sunshine?
The Incredible Burt Wonderstone was released in 2007.
You're welcome.
Yes, Jason Derulo is a singer, songwriter, and dancer
I do like his music. Did you know he was in a relationship with Jordin Sparks ?
American Idol has won a lot of awards like her and Grammys for Best Male Pop Vocal Performance
Sure, what Alice Forgot is written by Liane Moriarty and was released in 2009. Are you interested in her work?
It was released in 2014. She also wrote Three Wishes, which is a good read.
Of course! Ender's Game has a next book in the series called Speaker for the Dead. Other books in the series is Speaker for the Dead. Do you like science fiction?
Speakers of the Dead is a Speculative fiction and a Speculative fiction
Speaker of the Dead is written by Waylander, would you like to know who wrote Waylander?
you are welcome. Enjoy
Sure, do you like Aladdin because it is a Thriller?
The Princess and the Frog is directed by Terry Rossio, would you like to know more?
Your welcome. Have a great day.
I sure do! She starred in The Muppets and Dressed to Kill.
Definitely. Did you know she starred in The Edge of Glory?
Yes, she was in The Muppets too! Have you seen that one?
Coldplay is a band with Chris Martin as the lead vocal. Do you like their music?
I like Yellow too, you may want to check out Red Dragon. It's quite similar to Yellow as well.
No, actually none of them did.
Sure, I can help! He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen that?
He starred in The House of Mirth and The Invisible Man.
She is in tv show called The Handmaid's Tale.
No problem
Kahil Gilbran wrote The Prophet. It is a fantasy movie. Is that the genre you are looking for?
the genre is Thriller. what else can i answer for you today?
The Prophet was released 2008 what else can i answer for you today?
you are welcome
I think he is a romantic actor. Isn't he married to Cameron Diaz. Do you like her?
Justin Timberlake I know he is friends with Cameron Diaz. Is that your favorite?
Thriller, Drama, Comedy, Drama. What genre do you like?
Yes, he is one of my favorite authors! He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
The genre is speculative fiction
The movie was released in 2008
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Wolverine is a thriller, so you may like The Life Before Her Eyes and Jack Reacher?
Rise of the Guardians is a Thriller
He also wrote Rise of the Guardians if you like fantasy.
You're welcome
The movie Red stars actors and actresses Morgan Freeman, Michelle Nolden, and Bruce Willis to name a few.
He has starred in The Last Dragon, The Bodyguard, and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen any of these?
He also starred in The Manchurian Candidate and The House of Mirth.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Great choice, the movie Shooter was written by Stephen Hunter and starring Tate Donovan.
Jason Statham and Rudy Russo are the main stars.
Yes, Tate Donovan was in The O.C.. Is that something you'd like?
I hope you like it!
Sure, The Godfather was written by Francis Ford Coppola, who also produced The Apocalypse Now
To Kill a Mockingbird is a really good one, it is the first of a series. The Godfather stars Marlon Brando and Sofia Coppola.
Do you want to know more about the movie?
Of course, Maleficent is starring Sam Neill and Sharlto Copley.
Sure Angelina Jolie also starred in Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Have you seen that one?
Yes! She was in it, and Mrs. Smith was in it too.
Yes I did. That was a great movie. You should check it out.
Me too! He was in a lot of comedy movies.
He's on the Germany national football team. You like soccer?
Yes he plays the Midfielder, and he is the Midfielder.
He's a Midfielder and Forward as well.
I know he plays soccer for the Real Madrid C.F. from Portugal. You like soccer
Sure, it is a soccer movie, do you like soccer?
Yes, he is the captain.
The Two Towers and Stone of Destiny
Yes, John Travolta was in Edge of Tomorrow.
Stuck on you and Welcome to Temptation are some other ones he's in.
Yes and also Missoula: Rape and the Justice System in a College Town and in The Hunger Games. Do you like Bill Murray?
I'm sure you will like it. Enjoy
That's a good movie! Did you know she was in Men in Black 3?
I like comedy-drama, but I also like Zooey Deschanel.
I like murder mystery, so I would suggest The Green Mile if you haven't seen it.
I love Pacifier, he is a great actor! Did you know he is also in it?
Sure, she wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Creatures.
Sure. She wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Creatures.
I believe it was actually turned into a movie. It's considered a romance novel.
They're a great baseball team but I love the Houston Astros.
He was born in Los Angeles, California.
The movie, starring Bruce Willis, is a psychological thriller. Have you seen it?
I can't find that information, but I know it was directed by Stephen King
He also produced That Thing You Do!
I am not sure on that, but I do know that it is a crime drama.
Sure, it is a comedy. It's about a bunch of great comedies like Zooey Deschanel.
Do you want to know other movies starring Bruce Dern or Michael Rapaport?
Yes, Good Will Hunting is starring Matt Damon, Matt Damon, Matt Damon and many others. Do you like dramas?
It is a slasher movie as well as Good Will Hunting.
No I haven't heard of them.
You are welcome, hope you enjoy!
Other than knowing them as a prominent football team I don't know and also do not prefer watching football matches.
Was he on the New Orleans Pelicans? I like the Seahawks and New York Giants.
Same here, I think the Steelers had a chance. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you like the Thorn Birds because it is a Fantasy?
It was written by Jodi Picoult.
Starring Natalie Portman and Tony Cox
She also starred in The First Men in the Moon.
Sounds good. Have a good day.
Sure! Dark Lover is speculative fiction novel written by J.R. Ward. It has a vampire them. Do you like that genre?
That's right, Tyrannosaur Canyon was released in 2005. Did you know he also wrote Nights in Rodanthe?
The Mist was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Dark Lover. That's a great suspense thriller.
You might enjoy Snow White and the Huntsman books. That's a great sci-fi book.
Certainly!
She starred in Twilight of the Ice Nymphs
Sure. The Shinning is directed by Steven Spielberg. It's also a great horror movie.
Sure, I'd recommend checking it out.
Certainly. Enjoy.
He starred in The Invasion and Downfall.
The Invasion starred Thomas Lennon and Anne Hathaway. It's a thriller.
She has also starred in Edward Scissorhands.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, he is an American professional basketball player for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association.
She has been in Fast Times at Ridgemont High, have you seen any of those?
I agree. I love her. Her music is very Influential but she is also a talented actress.
That's amazing! I haven't seen it though. I think I've heard it's amazing. I haven't seen it though.
It's a great movie! Will Smith was also in Ulee's Gold, you may recognize that one.
Martin Gardner wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and The Portable Atheist.
Sure, Essential Readings for the Non-Believer is an anthology edited by Christopher Hitchens. It was released in 1865.
I don't know any other writers but he wrote it in English.
You are welcome.
Sure, do you like J.R.R. Tolkien's work?
He starred in the Good Doctor with Troy Garity.
He starred in The Good Doctor, have you seen that one?
You're welcome.
She is a writer, poet, author. She wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath. Have you heard of this book?
He's a professional golfer from Murrieta. I don't follow golf too closely. Do you like him?
I love Adam Sandler in that movie! How about you?
That's cool. Did you know he was a writer as well?
Eric Bress is well known for his movie The Butterfly Effect.
I'm not sure, but Eric Bress is the author of The Butterfly Effect. He also wrote The Final Destination.
You are welcome.
Sure, Now You See Me is written by Tim Burton. He also directed Now You See Me.
The Pelican Brief was written by John Grisham and stars William Hurt and Ty Burrell. It is a drama/crime movie.
If you like Crime Dramas, I recommend X-Men Apocalypse.
Sure, do you like Valerie Tian?
You might enjoy The Looking Glass Wars, or The Golden Compass.
Yes, it is a comedy-drama.
James Wilkinson and J.K. Simmons star in the movie
Bradley Cooper was in a good one, but if you like Bradley Cooper, you might like The Hunger Games series, you'll like it
He is in a comedy called Sweet Home Alabama.
Yes. M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans which was released 2012.
Yes it was released in 2012 and was directed by Roland Emmerich. Are you interested in his work?
Sure, you will like Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee
How about The Assassination of Jesse James by the way?
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She has other books titled Sense and Sensibility.
George R.R. Martin wrote Lullaby.
He's written great books. He also wrote Seven Samurai and The House of Hades.
Great choice, the movie Shooter was written by Stephen Hunter and starring Tate Donovan.
Well, if you like action/adventure films, this is the movie to be released in 2015.
He was in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that one?
While You Were Sleeping has a genre of historical period drama and has a great cast.
Sure, do you like Rocky because it stars Sylvester Stallone or because it is a thriller?
You might like The Matrix Revolutions also written by Sylvester Stallone.
It's a martial arts film, but is also a Thriller.
You're welcome!
Yes, At the Water's Edge is similar to Water for Elephants.
Then you might like Pretty Little Liars, which is also a historical period drama.
The Age of Innocence was written by Edith Wharton.
You're welcome
I did not know, but I heard he was good in Step Brothers. Do you know of any basketball players?
NBA All-Rookie Team is my favorite. Who is yours?
Yes, he is a great player. I agree with you on that.
Wow he must be pretty good then! What do you think of him?
Sure! It's a mystery, written by Mark Haddon, and was released in 2003.
The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time by Mark Haddon has genre Mystery.
The Godfather, starring Al Pacino, was a drama. Do you want similar movies also produced by Robert Evans?
Yes, it is a very similar movie.
Apocalypse Now is a classic. Apocalypse Now is a classic.
Apocalypse Now is a classic. The star of that one is Tom Hanks.
Sure I do, She is a very talented actress.
Sure , he has a lot. Other movies in the genre of sci-fi include The Mask, Star Trek: Nemesis in the 60's
Ok. I have a little information. I will add it to your list. Thanks!
He was a Parody and he also starred in True Grit and The Ugly Truth
You are very welcome. Enjoy
Sure, Meg Cabot wrote The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and White Fang. Do either of those interest you?
Released in 2012, it is a fantasy.
She also wrote Underworld: Evolution and Little Altars Everywhere
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
If you like Insomnia, you might like Animal Kingdom. It's a Crime Fiction Film.
Brad Pitt starred in War. Would you like to know more about it?
I'm not sure of the release date. Can I help with anything else?
Hope you enjoy it!
Great! Craig Ferguson starred in movies like Winnie the Pooh and Vampire Bats. Have you seen either?
Sure, Craig Ferguson starred in Brave, How to Train Your Dragon and How to Train Your Dragon 2
Saving Grace was released in 1974.
No but I heard Simona Halep plays tennis.
Actually I don't know a lot about tennis but I do know it is pretty much like tennis. Tennis is really fun to watch.
Wow she must be pretty good then! I think she lost to Maria Sharapova and both the Williams sisters.
Other than knowing them as a prominent football team I don't know and also do not prefer watching football matches.
I liked Tuesday Night Football. Have you been to the Seattle Seahawks?
I believe it is a book called Tragedy. Would you like to read it?
127 hours is a Thriller directed by Danny Boyle who also directed Sunshine.
James Franco also starred in The Shawshank Redemption, which is a thriller.
From what I can tell, he was in The Green Mile.
The Wrestler is written by Robert Zemeckis. And stars Tom Hanks. Have you seen it?
It is a drama
Your welcome
Yes, Virat Kohli is an Indian international cricketer who currently captains the India national team.
Actually, I don't know much about it, I prefer American football
Well, there are a lot of great cricket players, but from what I see. Is cricket your favorite sport?
Sure, it falls into the fantasy genre. Is that what you're looking for?
I would recommend The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. It's part of the series and The Silver Chair.
It's fantasy.
No problem.
Sure, J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Where There's Smoke.
Yes, Peter Pan is a Drama/Fantasy book. Is that what you are looking for?
Yes, there are many great examples. I recommend The Golden Compass and The Looking Glass Wars.
It is a Children's literature book.
Sure, The Sea Wolf is a Science Fiction novel with the genre of children's literature.
Jane Austen wrote the book.
I am not familiar with him but he wrote Paccka3bl N TLobectN.and Eecbl.
Charles Pevear wrote Eecbl, it is a Science Fiction. Do you like science fiction?
I'm not sure but it was released in English as well.
The Cabin in the Woods starring Kristen Connolly and Chris Hemsworth?
I don't have that information, but I do know it was written by Kristen Connolly.
Yes it is a romance and comedy. Do you like Ty Olsson?
Ok if you like that you will like it. Enjoy!
Is it the Sci-Fi drama that you like or the Adventure?
Did you like the movie because it starred Henry Cavill or because it was a Sci-Fi movie?
Yes I can. He also directed The Green Mile starring Tom Hanks and Rob Cohen
Ok , Armageddon has genre Sci-Fi
That's a great movie The Scanner Darkly was released in 1997
Well, The Blind Side has genre Thriller. Would you like to see that one?
Biographies that you might enjoy are The Alchemist or The Hunt for Red October. Both are highly recommended.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information for that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
Venus Williams is an American professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 40 in the WTA singles rankings.
I am not a big tennis fan but I do know Venus is also ranked world No. 1 in singles by the WTA on separate occasions
Serena has had a doubles participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics, would you like to know about them?
Sure, it is a great superhero film. It is written by Ryan Reynolds and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like superhero films?
I haven't seen either of them. I like superheroes, so I do like The Proposal. It's a thriller/romance movie.
Scarlett Johansson also stars in The Spirit, We Bought a Zoo and even Spongebob Square Pants Movie.
Do you like Hugh Jackman? He is in this movie.
Prisoners was directed by David Zemeckis. Do you like Thrillers?
It starred Craig Monahan and James Franco to name a few.
It came out in 2007.
Yes! Superman Returns stars Kevin Spacey, Matt Damon and many others. Do you like them?
It is a Comedy. Do you like comedies?
yes he did and that was a great movie
Yes he is in it too. It's a good movie.
Great, I'll add it to your watch list.
your welcome
Deception Point was written by Dan Brown.The genre is Techno-thriller and Thriller, do you like this genre?
What else can i answer for you?
what else can i do for you?
Sure! I loved that one, too. I recommend X-Men Apocalypse Now, which is a classic.
Yes it is also a movie based on the book.
Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie were the main actors.
ok. Enjoy your movie time!
Yes, that's correct.
You're welcome
Great, have a good day!
Is it the book Outlander written by Charles Dickens?
The Fiery Cross is another one she wrote. Have you read that one?
I'm not sure but My Own Heart's Blood is a science fiction book.
No I don't but I can find that information.
He is fine I guess. Marcelo Vieira, known as Marcelo, is a Brazilian professional footballer for Spanish club Real Madrid and the Brazil national team
No, I don't. What sports do you like?
I think they did. Did you know Hayden Panettiere starred in No Strings Attached. He's also good.
Roland Emmerich directed The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Are you into Action/Adventure Films.
It's a romantic, action, and adventure film. Are you in to that genre?
Of course, he also starred in You Can't Take It with You, which is a Romantic Comedy.
Shawn Roberts and Jim Broadbent directed that movie. Would you like to hear more?
I love Madonna! But not just her music, I love her movies too. Have you seen Desperate Hours?
Papa Don't Preach is a favorite of mine. My favorite was Steve Carell. Do you like him?
Thrillers like Girl about Men in Black 3, Twilight and Titanic. What are your favorites?
They're a good NFL AFC East, team, but I'm a New York Jets fan. Do you like the New York Jets?
I haven't seen their game before. Are they in the Jets?
I know that the New York Jets owns the team along with the Washington Redskins
Sure, he wrote Snatch and , Snatch.
It's a mystery starring Robert Downey Jr. and Chris Hemsworth.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Certainly. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes I have. It is a south korean boy band
I haven't. Is that a genre you favor or prefer?
All I know is that it's about the sport. I have no idea as well.
Sure he has starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
Yes, he did.
He's friends with Snoop Dogg. They are both rappers. Have you heard of him?
I think they are both rivals with Timbaland. I think he's a good rapper.
Yes, he did! It's a classic!
You're welcome.
She starred in Twilight of the Ice Nymphs
I don't have much information on Time Bandits. I do know that Alice Krige is in it.
It's a Comedy. It also starred Charlie Korsmo and Charlie Bewley. Are you familiar with them?
She was also in The Lone Ranger with Justin Timberlake. Did you see that one?
Donna Tartt wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read them?
It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
She wrote The Little Friend and The Goldfinch.
It's a drama. Are you looking for a particular genre?
Sure, Michael Bay is known for action movies and lots of cinematic explosions. You might enjoy Transformers.
I don't know much about it, but you might like World War Z with Brad Pitt. It's a thriller as well.
That's right. Dwayne Johnson also starred in White House Down as well.
It's a biography.
Yes, he is an athlete, with the Mumbai Indians, right?
I don't know a whole lot but I think I heard about Rohit Sharma, he plays for the Mumbai Indians, right?
Yes. I like American football. What's your favorite team?
It looks like the New England Patriots win again that year. What do you think?
She starred in Wild at Heart and The Wild Life.
Yes! She was in Adventures in Baby Slayer. Have you seen that one?
Lea Thompson is actually the only actor I know she starred in. The Wild Life was released in 2010. Have you seen it?
I've never seen it but it is directed by Richelle Mead. Have you seen it?
Audrey Niffenegger wrote The Time Traveler's Wife andHer Fearful Symmetry. Have you read either of those ?
It is a satire.
Stanlee was written by Edgar Allan Poe
Sure, she starred in both "Memento" and "Skin Trade."
It was written by Robert Rodriguez and also stars Thomas Lennon.
He wrote the Invisible Man and The Dark Knight Rises.
Certainly. Have a great day.
They are a strong team in the NFL. Their coach Mike McCarthy is really talented. I wonder if they will make the Super Bowl this year.
I like the New Orleans Saints, but my favorite team is the Lakers. What's yours?
I can't think of that. I've heard they're a good team.
I don't think that's all this week. Who is your favorite player?
He has written some good books, would you like to know about some of them?
Yeah, that's right! What's your favorite genre of his?
He has also written Notre Dame de Paris, je t'aime and The Invisible Man. Would you like more information about either of those?
I am not a superhero movie, are you a fan of his?
Timothy Dalton is one of the actors in The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy.
Deadpool was released 2008 starring Ryan Reynolds and Chris Hemsworth.
You are very welcome!
Absolutely! It is such a great movie. I think you'll enjoy it!
I think he is a good football player.
Soccer is my favorite but I like American Football. What about you?
Really? I am not a big football fan.
Yes she is, she starred in Spring Breakers and Spring Breakers
Sure, I have seen him in Men in Black 3 and he is a great actor.
I haven't seen it but I've heard it's good. I think you will enjoy it.
It's a comedy that was produced by Aldous Huxley. Do you like comedy films?
How about Will Ferrell's other movies?
Slapstick comedy was released in 2012, and it was written by Jason Tobin, and a great laugh!
Sure! The Tragedy of Macbeth is written by William Shakespeare and released in 1606. That is also the same year as the release of The Tragedie of Anthony and Cleopatra.
It was written by William Shakespeare.
It's a Tragedy of Macbeth.
I believe that is true. He also wrote Romeo and Juliet.
Sure, Tom Hooper directed The Damned United and Les Miserables
Kings Speech was rated PG and PG-13. The Kings Speech was rated PG
The King's Speech was released in 2012 and stars Tom Hooper.
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
I think he was a defensive back too. Have you ever watched a Panthers game at Memorial Stadium. Its pretty cool.
That's cool, I think the Broncos were runner ups in Super Bowl XXVIII.
Yes, it stars Nicolas Cage and John Travolta. Are you a fan?
I like her too! She's pretty cool as long as she stays away from Chris Brown. What's your favorite songs?
Taylor Kitsch also starred in Valentine's Day.
You should. It is an action/adventure film.
Yes, he is a singer-songwriter. Do you like him?
He starred in the movie Slumdog Millionaire.
Great, I'll add them to your list.
No, I haven't but it seems to be a Johnny Depp film and probably it should be a good one. Do you like Johnny Depp?
Yes he was, he also starred in The Rum Diary and L.A. Without a Map.
Definitely! Mortdecai has also starred in Room Service and The Rum Diary.
Cool, enjoy the movie!
There is a sequel called Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets for one.
He also wrote The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.
Juraissic is an action film. Do you like it because of the genre or the actors?
The Inferno is a good one
Yes, she was, along with X-Men Origins: Wolverine, the X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and X-Men: First Class. She was also in the other two.
Vanessa Redgrave, Tom Hanks, and Hugh Jackman starred in the X-Men Origins.
Some of the best adventure movies are Reds, Saints and Soldiers, and Wolf Brother
He starred in the Proposal and Step Up
I would recommend Wizard and Glass and The Sandman: Endless Nights. My favorite is The Graveyard Book.
Yes, it was. Steven King also wrote Under the Dome.
Yes he also wrote The Stand, which was released in 1997.
Glad I could help!
Yes, I do. And that was written by Winston Groom
That's my home team however I think the Bucs are not a very good team so I don;t follow them. Only what I hear on the news.
My favorite player is Adrian Peterson
He played the tight end position
They are trying to make the playoffs.
I'm a big fan of hers. Did you know she was in the animated film Beloved?
Yes I heard she is an actor as well. Did you know she is from San Francisco?
Yes they are good, I think Skarsgrd is also in the movie Skarsgrd Sisters.
He wrote Desperado, and Desperado.
Yes he was in Desperado. its a great movie. do you like his music?
my apologies but i didn't know she was in an album, but i'm not sure what it was. do you like?
Absolutely! Charlotte Bront wrote The Professor, Shirley and Villette. Are you a fan of her writing?
Certainly! It was released in 1847 and is in the English language. Are you interested in reading those types of books?
If you liked the novel, I recommend A Tale of Two Cities. Have you read it?
Robin Buss wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo released in 1844, have you heard of it?
Robin Buss wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo, have you read it?
It was written by Robin Buss, and it's a speculative fiction as well.
It was written by St. John Mandel and was released in 2014. Are you interested in other books by St. John Mandel?
She has also written The Bonesetter's Daughter and Last Night in Montreal.
It's a psychological thriller
You are welcome.
Are you a fan of the author, Rick Yancey?
No, I don't but it was released in 2013 and is in English.
Yes, it is. I think you will like The Last Star and The Infinite Sea.
Robert Jackson also wrote a book called The Story of Success. Would you like to know more about it?
It was written by Robert Jackson and released in 1986
It was released in 1599
The Notebook was based on the Romance novel of the same name written by Nicholas Sparks
If you like historical movies, I would suggest The Notebook. They're also in the Romance genre.
At the Water's Edge is one of the actresses in the movie.
Of course, enjoy.
I do! It is an historical fiction novel written by Jamie Ford.
You should check it out
I think it is somewhere in the United States of America.
Does it look like that is all I have to read?
Sure! If you like Batman Begins, you must like Adventure films?
Sure, I have a couple of other movies in this genre like The Civil War, The Demigod Diaries and The Last Man. Have you seen any of those?
He starred in The Civil War, Invictus and Along Came a Spider.
Are you interested in other books written by Josh Grisham?
Sure, I can recommend The Fault in Our Stars and The Forest House. They are both in the mystery genre.
Have you read the House of the Seven Gables or The Pelican Brief?
Margaret R. Higonnet wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles , which is a great piece of literature.
Tim Dolin also wrote the Picture of Dorian Gray: in 1891.
He also wrote the Picture of Dorian Gray and the Handmaid's Tale
Robert Wrote the Silkworm it was a good one
She also wrote the Silkworm and the Cuckoo's Calling
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy it
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
Science Fiction Genre
There is The Fault in Our Stars
The genre is adventure fiction
Your welcome
Sure, do you like books wirtten by J.D. Salinger?
Simmons is the author of The Catcher in the Rye.
There is The Da Vinci Code, Angels & Demons
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in The Big Lebowski which is a really good movie.
He's also been in X-Men 2. Have you seen that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Ok, those are all great comedies!
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I agree, Damian Lilliard is he a Point Guard in Basketball. Did you know that he was from Oakland?
Since he is my favorite, I think Alonzo Mourning is my favorite player, and he is a good player. What about you?
He is a point guard. He is a good player.
Sure, Do you like books wirtten by J.D. Salinger?
The House in the Woods is a similar literary realism.
Yes! They are a Korean boy band from Seoul that sing pop music, k-pop, and contemporary R&B.
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
I don't think I've heard of her music. Is she from South Korea?
It is a great book, it was written by Ann Brashares and released in 1982.
It was released in 2005, the same year that the Green Mile was released.
I would, it is a very good one.
I recommend The Tales of Beedle the Bard if you liked that.
Enjoy!
Looper is a Sci-Fi movie written and directed by Quentin Tarantino.
something else i can do for you?
have a good day
Sure, A Beautiful Mind is a Thriller starring Mindy Kaling and Paul Bettany. Do you like Thrillers?
He also directed A Beautiful Mind which is a Thriller he also directed
You are welcome.
That book is written by Tony Goldwyn and Erik Larson
Tony Goldwyn also starred in Someone Like You and also directed it!
Someone Like You is a comedy.
Absolutely!
It is written by J. D. Salinger, do you like the author or genre?
Raise High the Roof Beam and Nine Stories are highly recommended by him
Franny and Zooey is a great book
I don't know much but I know he was born in Argentina.
I don't know much about it, but I do know it was written by Stanley Kubrick
It starred William Hurt and Jake Gyllenhaal
Have you heard of The Temple of My Familiar?
Sure, Fiona Stafford wrote Emma. It's a romance novel released in 18 Emma. Are you into that genre?
Philippa Gregory wrote Wideacre. Do you like historical fiction?
It is a Historical novel, similar to The White Queen, have you read that?
Yes, they are both historical fiction.
You're welcome!
Sure, Arsenal is a sports team. It is a sport team. Do you like sports team?
They are a good team, though. They won the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
I'm a Packers fan, but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
Yes, Wally Lamb is a great actress. She has starred in many movies including The Hour I First Believed and She's Come Undone
I Know This Much Is True is indeed an epic fiction novel, is that the genre you are looking for?
Yes that is true. Another great fiction novel is Wuthering Heights
No problem
The Miami Dolphins are a great team in the AFC West division. I think their owner Randy Lerner would be happier with a better place.
I like the Bears, but I'm a Packers fan. How about you?
My favorite team is the Washington Redskins. What is yours?
Sure, Inside Out is a Thriller, so is Die Hard with a Vengeance
The main star was Joss Whedon, have you seen it?
It was released in 1990 and starred Alexander Payne and Keanu Reeves.
You're welcome
I do, she has a nice voice. Did you know she was in a relationship with Taylor Swift?
Yes, Victorious was a children's television series. Did you know she was born in Saginaw?
Yes, she was and so was Selena Gomez.
Great choice! Jamie Lynn Spears also starred in Twilight of the Ice Nymphs.
It was written by Malala Yousafzai and stars Thomas Lennon.
It's a war film about the war. That was also made into a movie as well.
I'll add it now. Enjoy!
The genre is fiction and children's literature. Do you like fiction?
Sure, you might like The Lightning Thief or Z for Zachariah.
Great choice! Fifty Shades of Grey is another great Fiction novel you might like.
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
Big Hero 6 is a Sci- Fi action written by Daniel Henney. Do you like Sci- Fi action?
Yes it is! Have you seen it?
Yes! Along with Mindy Kaling, she also starred in Wreck It Ralph
Correct! Mindy Kaling was born in Alexandria US and also plays voice acting in the animated film.
No problem! Enjoy!
The are a football team in the AFC East. Jimmy Buffett is part owner. Do you like the Dolphins?
NY Giants is a great team. Who is your favorite player on the team?
Tony Romo is a friend with a lot of people. I like the Buffalo Bills and the Redskins. What do you think about them?
I am afraid I do not have info about the person you mentioned. How about some info on Tom Clancy
Owen Wilson was in The Royal Tenenbaums. It also stars Frank Wes Anderson.
Yes, it is. Anything else I can help you with?
Justin Rose is a professional Golfer from London.
I don't have any information on that.
I think he's a good player too.
Sure! Virginia Woolf wrote To The Lighthouse and The Waves.
Yes, she wrote The Waves, and The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe.
I'm not sure, but it was released in 1927.
Happy to help!
Isaiah Thomas was a Basketball player, who played point guard for the Detroit Pistons
He is on the New Orleans Pelicans. I like basketball. Do you like basketball?
Yes, I am a fan, have a nice day.
She starred in Twilight of the Ice Nymphs
Time Bandits would be considered a comedy and action film. Does that interest you?
You're welcome.
Michael Mann directed Public Enemies starring Marion Cotillard.
Michael Mann also directed The Manchurian Candidate, which is a thriller.
It is a great movie with Tom Cruise, as well.
Yes, Frances Mayes is a great writer. Some of her works are Under the Tuscan Sun and Under the Tuscan Sun.
She also wrote Bella Tuscany which was released in 1999.
Can I help you with anything else?
Yes, I think she's fine. What's your favorite song of hers?
She is a very talented singer. One of my favorite songs is Shake it off
Oh, ok. He is very talented. She is also in The Lorax (Animated Film) #10
I don't know much but I do know that they're coached by Jim Caldwell. Are you a fan?
Do you like Tomlin or because he is a football player?
She wrote Shadowland and Night Star. Have you read these?
She has written several fantasy books, such as The Looking Glass Wars, and The Golden Compass. Would you like to know more?
You're welcome. Anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome
I think he is one of the best players on the Colombia national football team.
Do you know any other sports ?
I don't follow football closely, but I do know he is a Midfielder and Forward.
Yes, it is written by Charlaine Harris and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It is a drama.
There's The Martian and The Hunchback of Notre Dame
Were you looking for something in particular?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I know that he is a movie staring in several movies including Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, Parts One and Two.
Yes, she did write it. Did you enjoy it?
I think it was made into a movie. I have seen the movie yet. It is a good one.
Yes Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
I don't have that information, but Milan Kundera was influenced by William Shakespeare.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! The Bourne Identity starred Matt Damon and Josh Hamilton. It is a Thriller, do you like this genre?
Great, The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum starred in The Scarlatti Inheritance. anything else i can do for you?
Matt Damon starred in The Bourne Identity. Did you like it because it was a Mystery or Thriller?
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit one of my favorite books
She also wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption.
Sure. She wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption. Do you like this genre?
James Mangold directed Walk The Line, a biography. He also directed Girl Interrupted, and Kate & Leopold. Do any of them sound interesting to you?
Yes she was, and Noel Gugliemi was the executive producer. Have you heard of her?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that one.
The only Romance movie I can recommend is Beautiful Creatures. Have you seen that one?
No problem! Enjoy.
The Great Gatsby is a novel and The Chosen and The Affair are similar to it.
World Without End is another book written by the same author
It's a fiction book, I think you will like it.
Sure! Jason Cope starred in District 9 and Dredd. Want to know more?
It is a Thriller
He stars in the movie Spud and Dredd
Ron Rifkin starred in this movie as well
Yes, he directed Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. Great movie!
The Return of a Man Called Horse is about a man Called Horse.
You're welcome.
He starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys.
Sure and William Hurt and Ty Burrell star in The Other Guys as well as The Lorax.
The Other Guys was released on January 15, 1994 starring Will Ferrell
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure. She starred in The Long Way Home starring Morgan Freeman. Have you ever seen this movie?
You are correct. Are you interested in Ned Bellamy in The Green Mile?
Yes he is. He was also in The Green Mile which is a thriller
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Blood Diamond is an action adventure film starring Al Pacino.
Do you like the New York Yankees?
Yes, he was in The Aviator and he's very good. Are you a fan of his?
Inception, did you know that he also starred in The Wolf of Wall Street?
I sure did! James Cameron also starred in True Lies as well.
Sure, no problem.
Yes, 50/50 is a Romance movie. A similar movie to 50/50 is the movie Shopgirl. Would you like to know more?
I would recommend Adam Sandler: The Time Traveler's Wife, and The Incredibles. Have you heard of any of these?
Sure, Vanessa Fertio starred in The Men in Black 3, and Gone with the Wind.
You're welcome.
Yes. They are in the NBA and owned by Jay-Z.
They are. The Washington Wizards are owned by Jay-Z. Are you a fan?
I haven't. Are you a fan of Stephen Dorff? He has a nice voice.
Yes, I do. She is a very talented author. Have you read The Little House Collection?
Sure. The Long Winter was released in 1953 and is a fantasy novel.
Sure. World Without End, Wolf Brother, and Witches Abroad are some examples.
Sure thing. I'll add these books to your reading list.
He wrote Thunderstruck
Do you like dramas? If so I would recommend Dead Until Dark. It's a great read.
Sure! Other dramas you might enjoy are The Warrior's Way, The Manchurian Candidate, or The House of Mirth.
It's a good one! Edith Wharton also stars in it.
It was directed by Dave Pelzer. Are you interested in other works by him?
It is written by Dave Pelzer, and released in 1988.
Brad Garrett starred in Underdog ,The Pacifier,The Country Bears and The Clockwork Girl among other movies
Jim Belushi also starred in Who's That Girl and Snatch. Have you seen either of these?
It was released in 2003 and also stars Justin Timberlake.
You're welcome. I'm happy to help.
Oh it's a good movie! It's a comedy starring Meryl Streep and Emily Blunt.
Samuel L. Jackson, Anne Hathaway
The Dark Knight Rises starring Anne Hathaway
It was directed by Dan Brown, and it is in the romance genre.
It came out in 2011
No problem, enjoy the movie!
Sure, Jenniferlopez starred in True Romance and The Wild Life.
James Rodriguez is a Colombian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Premier League club Paris Saint-Germain
Yes they are. Did you know he played for FC Bayern Munich?
I think he was a midfielder as well.
No, I don't. Do you know who stars in the movie?
Will Smith of course! That was a good movie.
That was a great movie starring Yeardley Smith and produced by James Brooks who also produced Riding in Cars.
That was a drama that also stars Danny DeVito and Jack Nicholson.
It was released in 1999 and is a romance/ comedy genre.
Enjoy
They sure have improved over the past few years! They are owned by Wayne Weaver and Shahid Khan, I believe.
I'm not sure who owns the team. I know Tyron Brackenridge is the owner of the NFL.
Yes I like the steelers.
She plays badminton, I remember when she was married to Shoaib Malik. She was also in the Olympics
I'm not sure, but I believe she was in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
They're both swimming and tennis.
He was born in London. He was actually born in Hisar.
You're welcome.
Sure, he wrote Two By Two, True Believer and Three Weeks with my Brother.
It was released in 2016 and is in English.
He also wrote True Believer and Three Weeks with My Brother.
Yes he was. It was adapted into a film by the way.
Yes, Tony Hendra was a famous comedian who also starred in the movie Slapstick
Thank you.
Pulp Fiction was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Reservoir Dogs is. It's similar to Pulp Fiction as well.
Yes she is. She was in Pulp Fiction as well.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sin City was directed by Robert Rodriguez. He also directed El Mariachi and Grindhouse. Have you seen any of those?
Sin City is a Thriller that you might enjoy, If you are a fan of that genre
Gentlemen Broncos starred William Hurt and Ty Burrell.
No problem!
Khaled Hosseini and David Benhioff wrote it. Do you like Romance film?
Yes, it was released in 2003 with a romance genre.
The Kite Runner is a romance novel. Do you like romance?
Of course, enjoy!
Christina Lamb was influenced by George Orwell. She wrote I Am Malala
Yes, he did. Veronika wrote Veronika, which is a thriller.
I'm not sure about that, but The Pilgrimage was directed by Orson Scott Card.
Sure, J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Where There's Smoke.
It is a fiction. Are you interested in those types of books?
Yes I do, The Great Gatsby is a novel and it was written by Scott Fitzgerald.
The Great Gatsby was released in 1925.
There's The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, The Great Gatsby, and The Beautiful and Damned.
It was written by Jonathan Kellerman.
It was released in 1925 and is a drama.
It is a great movie! It stars Micky Ward, Mark Wahlberg, Christian Bale, and Melissa Leo! Are you into any of those actors?
Jane Eyre is a novel written by Michael Mason and released in 1847.
She also wrote The Professor, Shirley and Villette. Are you a fan of hers?
Villette is a Speculative Fiction. Like Zoe's Tale and Xenocide.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen, It is also a Young-adult fiction, Have you read this one yet?
Sarah Dessen also wrote What Happened to Goodbye, This Lullaby, and The Truth About Forever.
It is a classic. It was released in 1951.
Yes, Marc Webb directed The Amazing Spider Man and The Amazing Spider Man 2.
Yes it is. Steve Kloves also wrote The Amazing Spider-Man. Have you seen it?
That was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince.
Glad to help! Enjoy your movie.
I think he is a great songwriter.
South African Football team, coached by Neil Gaiman and Jeff Bridges.
No I am not a fan, but I do know some of the players on the team.
Baz Luhrmann directed The Great Gatsby and Moulin Rouge!
It starred Leonardo DiCaprio, to name a few. Do you like his work?
you're welcome
Sounds good. Enjoy your movie.
Yes it is a great movie. Did you know it was written by Meg Cabot?
Underworld, Twilight and X-Men 2 are my favorites.
The Princess and the Frog is such a fun story. I think you would like it.
You should check it out it is very dark indeed.
The Call of the Wild is written by Jack London. It's considered a historical fiction novel. Have you read it?
White Fang is also a fiction book.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Beautiful Disaster is a novel written by Jamie McGuire and released in 2011. He also wrote Beautiful Disaster. Have you read it?
Are you a fan of speculative fiction novels?
Beautiful Sacrifice is a young adult fiction. I think you will enjoy it.
No problem, enjoy.
Have a great day!
I believe she starred in X-Men: First Class. She also acted in Winter's Bone
Yes, Robert De Niro starred in the movie
Sure, it is a comedy-drama and is also a comedy.
You're welcome
They're doing okay in the NFC West. Third in rank I think. Not really a fan.
Along with the Bears. Who is your favorite team?
I would say so, I'm not a Cowboys fan.
That's a great historical fiction. Is that what you are looking for?
You might like The Warrior's Way, The Man with the Iron Fist
That one is definitely a good choice, with Matt Damon and Julia Roberts.
I love her music! Did you know she is friends with Miley Cyrus and Jessie J?
Yes, Liam Hensworth is a good singer. I don't know much about her acting.
I like that movie too! Have you seen Hitchhiking? He's a good actor in it too.
It was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Sparks in particular, or do you like Sparks in particular?
He is a celebrity friend to Tyga. It was released in 2000.
The Notebook was made into a movie. It's a romantic comedy. I think you might like it.
Enjoy.
Sure, Jean-Marc Vallée starred in the movie Wild.
Well, it's a war film, from what I can tell, but its also a drama, if you'd like to hear more.
Yes, it's about the Queen.
Al Pacino stars in Young Victoria.
Okay, sorry I don't have that information
Have you seen Wildwood Dancing?
Done
Sure, Fast and the Furious is written by Gary Scott Thompson. Would you like to know more about this one?
I recommend Fast and the Furious and Fast and the Furious 2.
Cedric the Entertainer was in this movie
You're welcome
Sure, it was directed by Brad Pitt. If you like Brad Pitt, he also directed Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade.
World War Z was directed by Max Brooks, who also directed Inglorious Bastards.
I have not watched that movie. But I heard it was good. I am a fan of its creator, Frank Miller. Have you seen it?
He also starred in the movie X-Men Apocalypse
I can tell you that he also starred in The Handmaid's Tale and The Good Doctor.
What is your favorite genre?
It was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I'm sorry, I don't have any more information on that.
Yes. It was also released in 1968. Have you heard of it?
You're welcome!
Kyrie Living is an athlete
Yes, he played Basketball as well. He was a point guard for the Miami Heat.
I didn't know that! Isn't that cool?
Yes I do he is a great singer but also do you like his song Snoop Dogg?
Another one is The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Do you like that genre?
Yes that is true, you would probably like to hear it.
They're okay, I'm more a fan of their former coach, Derek Fisher. Do you like them?
I didn't know that, but I did know that they owns the Madison Square Garden Company. Are you a fan?
Do you know anything about the Philadelphia sports team? I believe the Philadelphia Eagles are a team owner right?
Yes, he wrote American Pie and The Golden Compass. Have you seen either one of these?
American Pie stars Jim Carrey. He also starred in Cast Away.
Yes, it is. Would you like to know anything else about American Pie?
The Last Stand and The City of Ember are similar.
I haven't seen it. I've never seen it.
Oh yea, he's right. I don't know if he was in that movie, but he was in The Seat Filler. Did you see that one?
Oh yeah. That's one of my favorites. It's a thriller/drama. Do you like that genre?
They are a really good basketball team, coached by Steve Kerr. Are you a fan?
Oh wow, that's a very interesting fact. I think it was the Philadelphia Heath Curry was the 76ers of all time.
I didn't know Philidelphia Pinkett Smith was in Men in Black II. I'm not sure if he did but I did catch part in that movie.
Oh wow! I didn't know that! That's a great movie. It's a biography.
Madame Bovary is written by Gustave Flaubert. Its genre is a romance novel. Are you interested in romance novels?
Yes, it was released in 1856, unfortunately. Would you like to know anything else about this book?
I'm not seeing any similar authors, but I can tell you that Madame Bovary is a romance novel. Is that something that you'd like?
If you're welcome, enjoy!
Ara Celi has starred in American Beauty.
Kevin Spacey wrote it and she also starred in No Country for Old Men.
American Beauty is written by Alan Ball and stars William Hurt and Ty Burrell
Yes she is. She lost to Sarena Wiliams.
Of course, she's a pretty good athlete.
Good Deeds is definitely a romantic comedy.
Yes he directed The Storm and Thelma & Louise
he wrote Alien: The Curse of the Midnight
Sure, It was produced by Steven Spielberg and directed by Ridley Scott
The Invention of Hugo Cabret was in the same movie. Have you seen it?
You are welcome
I am unsure if she has a new album, but i like some of her song Whenever, Wherever is. Have you heard it?
Cameron Diaz and Yvonne Zima both star in that movie.
the music was award for Love in the Time of Cholera, is a classic
Coraline was written by P. Craig Russell and Neil Gaiman, it is a thriller fantasy film.
Coraline is genre Thriller and adventure. Do you like those genres?
How about Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back or The Avengers.
Sure! Wicked City is a Science Fiction animated film written by Jennifer Ehle. It's a very good one!
Sure. Margaret Atwood has written many different books. Her most recent work is MaddAddam but she's also worked on a Graphic Novel by the name of Angel Catbird. What were you looking for?
Oh yes, he wrote Where the Red Fern Grows. Have you read it?
He also wrote The Name of the Wind, have you read it?
It was released in 2005
Welcome
have a good day
Sure, do you like The Notebook because it's a romance?
Yes, he also wrote Two By Two and True Believer. Would you like to know more?
The Best is a Romance novel, but has also been made into a movie!
You're welcome.
Tom Quirk wrote Moby Dick which was released in 1851. Have you read it?
That's right. It was the same year When the Wind Blows came out
You're welcome
He wrote several children's books, including Go, Dog Go! Are You My Mother?, A Fish Out of Water to name a few.
Yes, it is in the genre of children's literature, and children's literature.
Yes he did Go, Dog, Go. Did you know there was released in 1962?
Sure. He wrote Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow. Have you read either of those?
Surviving Picasso is a Thriller/Sci-fi genre
Surviving Picasso also starred Michael Fassbender, Gwyneth Paltrow, Billie White
I certainly can! He wrote The Sicilian, and The Last Don. Have you read either of those?
It is. Do you enjoy Romance Novels?
Sure , Enjoy
Danny Boyle has directed The Beach and Sunshine. Do you like his movies?
Apparently he was in the movies Trance, Psychological Thriller and Sherlock Holmes.
127 hours is a drama, comedy, drama. Aron Ralston also starred in The White House Down as well.
Brad Pitt starred in the epic film Troy.
There is movie called Son of the Circus, have you seen it
Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man Walking is similar
Rosemary Wells and Anna Kendrick
sorry its not sure
Captain America and Avengers are similar ones. Do you like such Action Fantasy?
He starred in Warriors, The Amazing Spider-Man, and The Incredible Hulk.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, I like her too. I think he won the 2012 PGA Championship.
Sure, Oldboy is a Thriller. Other Thrillers include Graduation Day and Das Boot. Have you heard of those?
He wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke. Do you like his work?
He wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke.
Have a great day
Sure. He is the writer of Die Verwandlung.
The genre is Thriller, do you like thrillers?
I've seen it but I haven't seen it. It's a war film. Do you like war films?
I think he is true. Have you seen Men in Black 3, And Then Came Love and another one?
Yes, Linus Roache is in the Psychological Thriller.
Yes, he was in that as well. Have you seen it?
Glad I could be of help
Yes, it was written by Robert Wade and Ian Fleming stars in it.
Simón Andreu is the star.
It was released in 2005.
Yes, it was a television series.
your welcome.
Sure! Did you enjoy it because it was written by David Mitchell or because it stars Tom Hanks?
Aeon Flux and Zombieland are a couple of the films in the Sci-Fi genre. Are you interested in these?
Charlize Theron has been in Snow White and the Huntsman: Theron
You're welcome.
It is a science fiction film, so you are welcome.
Taxi Driver is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure, some other great thrillers you might like are X-Men Origins and Underworld: Evolution.
The Last Stand is another good one. It's a very good one as well.
Great, let me know if you need anything else.
Yes, that is a great movie. It's written by J.R.R. Tolkien. Is there anything else I can help with?
Sure, he wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is a historical drama. He also wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is a historical drama.
I'm not sure, but it was released in 1999 and is a thriller
Sure, She is a famous author. She wrote The Diary of a Young Girl. Have you read it?
Other books in the same genre include The Diary of Anne Frank, The Diary of Anne Frank, and The Diary of Anne Frank.
Well it looks like that is the first book of the series. The next in the series is The Diary of Anne Frank.
Great, have a great day!
That was a great movie! Would you like movies with actors from that movie or a more science fiction related search?
Scarlett Johansson starred in it. It was released in 2014 and directed by Steven Spielberg.
He was in What's Eating Gilbert Grape and The Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen those?
Hope you enjoy it.
Chris Buck directed Surf's Up, a really cute Animated film.
Sure, you might also enjoy the movie X-Men Origins: Wolverine, it is a fantasy comedy.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, Dan Brown wrote Angels & Demons and also The Da Vinci Code.
Yes, he is a writer and director as well. He directed several movies such as The Ender's War and Now We Are Six.
It is a comedy drama about football. Have you seen it?
The Game of Their Lives was written by Zack Snyder. He also starred in In Good Company which is a comedy.
Yeah! They are in the NFL, I remember best when they were coached by Lovie Smith. They are in the NFC South Division.
That's right! He also used to play for the San Francisco 49er's. Have you been to any of the games?
Great! Have a great day!
I agree, she is a talented athlete, tennis player.
I like hockey and baseball. What about you?
I like the Washington Redskins, Philadelphia Eagles, and New York Giants. What team do you like?
Sure, Scream is a horror. Do you like Horror films?
Yes that is correct
Is there anything else I can help you with?
have a good day
Sure, Lana Wachowski also wrote V for Vendetta, The Matrix Revisited, The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded
It is starring Stephen Fry, Rupert Graves and Roger Allam.
It is a Science Fiction/ Thriller.
Yes, its written by Cornelia Funke and she also wrote War of the Worlds and Tintenblut. Do you like the writer or the genre of this book?
Anthea Bell also wrote Tintenherz.
Cinderella is a fantasy.
It was written by Kong and starred Reese Witherspoon and released in 2006. Is that the movie you're interested in?
Naomi Watts starred in The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner and WALL-E.
It was released in 2013 and is in the genre of a historical period drama.
You're welcome.
He wrote The Five Love Languages of Children. He is a singer-songwriter and an artist.
It is considered romance and comedy. Do you like those types of books?
Sure, she wrote The Five Love Languages of Children, The Five Languages of Apology, The 5 Languages of Appreciation in the Workplace and several others.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information on him. But, he is a musician and athlete.
Frank Capra wrote It's a Wonderful Life. It's a Wonderful Life is a good one. Have you read it?
Sure, He is a wonderful author. He wrote It's a Wonderful Life
oh that is a good book
It is, he also wrote She's the Man and its a Wonderful Life
She played in Un di Velt Hot Geshvign, you should watch that.
I'm not sure but it was released in 1958
Great question, it was released in 1958
Yes I do, would you like to watch it?
i dont have that information
It stars Christian Bale and Jennifer Lawrence, and is a crime drama
It's a crime movie and it's considered a comedy.
Hmmm. I'm not sure who the author is, but it was written by Arthur C. Clarke.
He wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read it?
you're welcome
Washington Redskins sucks. did you know Dwight Schar owned this team
Do you like the Raiders? I think Mike Shanahan is their coach
Yes, it is very interesting, I think I like tennis more than tennis.
Sure! Are you in to romance comedies or adventure movies?
Sure Easy was written by Tammara Webber, She also wrote Where are You, and Breakable.
Between the Lines is a good one. It was released in 2012 and is in the Drama genre. Do you like dramas?
Sure. She also wrote Where You Are and Breakable. Do you like like dramas?
Between the Lines was released in 2011. I'm sure you will like it.
Have a good day.
Sure! Steven Soderbergh directed The Goonies, starring Danny DeVito and Bill Murray. Have you seen it?
Scarlett Johansson, and Jeremy Renner are in it. He is also in The Good German.
She's been in The Good Doctor, which is a thriller. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
Alan Moore wrote Watchmen, V for Vendetta, he Saga of the Swamp Thing, Vol 20 - 27.
In 2004. The same year Watchers was released.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Richard J. Dunn wrote Wuthering Heights. Is this something you think you will be interesting in reading?
Sure, it's genre is speculative fiction and fantasy.
Great! Hope you enjoy it.
Sure, The Eye if the World was written by Robert Jordan and stars William Hurt and Olivia Newton-Johnson. Do you like the Fantasy genre?
Of course, Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction
It was released in 2004 and has a genre of Fantasy
You might enjoy Wildwood Dancing or Wildwood Dancing.
You're welcome.
Spirit Bound was written by Richelle Mead. This book has genre young-adult fiction and Urban fantasy. Do you like these genres?
Twilight is written by Richelle Mead.
Vampire Academy has the genre of Fantasy and Children's Literature
You're welcome.
Charles Dickens wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop, have you read either of these?
Yes, Leo has been influenced by many people including Robert Duvall and Dickens.
Yes, it is. Have you read The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club? It is a great book
Yes it is, and it has a genre of History as well.
Great, have a great day.
Sure, Peter Segal directed The Longest Yard, Nutty Professor II: The Klumps, Nutty Professor II: The Klumps, Naked Gun 33 1/3: The Final Insult, and My Fellow Americans to name a few. He also directed some popular films like this.
That's right! He certainly was the producer for The Longest Yard too.
Adam Sandler is one of the starring actors in that film, as well as Adam Sandler.
Hello, yes Albus wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
She also wrote Beasts and Where to Find Them, which is a Fantasy.
It is young adult fiction. Have you read anything by J.K. Rowling?
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them are two works of art written by him.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them was written by JK Rowlings. It's a Speculative fiction, do you like that genre?
Yes. If you like speculative fiction you should check out Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. It's a great movie.
Michael O'Neill starred in Transformers and Traffic.
Traffic is a drama/mystery movie with a bit of drama. Does that interest you?
Have you seen Slaughterhouse-Five?
You're welcome.
He is a soccer player from the Spanish National team. You like soccer?
Well I am not a fan of the team but I have heard of him being from Guadalajara.
Wasn't he the one who plays for the Spain national football team?
Also similar to The Hangover Part II is Meet the Fockers and Welcome to Mooseport.
It has a great cast, including Matt Damon, Chris Hemsworth and Nat Faxon.
You are welcome!
Yes, Woody Allen wrote it. Do you like his movieS?
It is a romance film.
I like murder mystery, too.
Yes, that is a great example of Mystery as well.
Mansfield Park is written by Tony Tanner, do you enjoy his books or would you prefer something in the same genre?
Persuasion is written by Michael Connelly. Would you like to read another book by him?
Persuasion was originally published in 1817. Would you like to read it?
I do! Horrible Bosses is written by Michael Markowitz and a crime fiction Comedy what seems to be interesting!
Lindsay Sloane actually starred in Days of Blood, which is a comedy.
That's a great movie! Kevin Spacey also starred in WALL-E which was a comedy.
He is a star athlete, tennis player. He played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
I watch a lot tennis, but I don't really watch it. What sports do you like?
No, I don't watch tennis much but I think it is very exciting when it comes to watching.
I have Inkheart and Tintenherz. Would you like those?
The Sword in the Stone and The Golden Compass are two good family novels
I have read The Giving Tree and A Light In The Attic.
Im not sure about him, biut Gary Mottola directed Adventureland starring Martin Star - its an adventure film
The River is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
In that case, you may enjoy X-Men 2 or World Without End. X-Men 2 are both thrillers.
Enjoy!
Real Steel is a great movie he directed. Real Steel is starring Hugh Jackman. Have you seen it?
Steve Buscemi is one of the main stars in that movie.
Michael Morpurgo produced that film. If you like his work, I think you should watch that one.
The Untouchables is starring Sean Connery who also starred in The Wind and the Lion.
If you like Crime Fiction, you should check out You Only Live Twice and You've Got Mail. Have you seen those?
ok great your welcome
X-Men 2 or World War Z are a few you may like.
Isn't he an athlete who plays England Football?
Yes he does
Well Alice Walker was an author of Fierce Light. Are you familiar with this book?
Benjamin Franklin has written The Temple of My Familiar, and The Portable Atheist.
Can I help you with anything else?
He is one of the best soccer players in the world and plays for FC Barcelona, right?
No I didn't know that. What genre do you like?
Nice! Andreu was a great player too. Have you heard of him?
Yes that's true. Is he a midfielder as well?
Yes I do. It was written by Patrick Rothfuss great author.
Well, Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Wise Man's Fear and Thor.
Its a fantasy novel.
Your welcome
I know it was released in 2013 and written by Kiera Cass.
That is a film. She also wrote The Siren, which is a film.
Kiera Cass also wrote The Siren, The One, and The Selection Stories: The Prince & The Guard.
The production was produced by Mark Boal.
His genre is music. If you're looking for more of his music, you might enjoy The Siren or The Collector.
That movie stars Justin Timberlake. Do you like his movies?
There is a remake of The Social Network starring Jesse Eisenberg.
It actually came out in 2012. Should I add it to your watch list?
You're welcome
Yes I love Treasure Island. The Man in the Iron Mask is one of my favorites. You should check it out
The genre is Treasure Island and Crime Fiction.
Great. Enjoy!
Sure, you might also like The Road to El Dorado and Haunting.
I did. I liked it. And, I was written by Stieg Larsson. Do you like his books?
He is also in My Best Friend's Girl and Gone with the Wind.
That's right, and he also directed The Godfather.
You are welcome.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit which is a story about a race horse. Do you like horses?
She also wrote Seabiscuit which is a historical novel.
It was released in 2008. Would you like to know more about this book?
You're welcome
Sure, do you like the movie Aladdin because it is a Thriller?
Sure, you might also like The Princess and the Frog or Treasure Planet.
The Lion King came out in 2014. Would you like to add it to your list?
Sure, no problem!
Hemingway also wrote To Have and Have Not, And he also wrote, In our Time.
There are so many! A Farewell to Arms and For Whom the Bell Tolls.
It was released in 1935, the same year that Up to the Sea was released.
No problem!
Ok. Have a good day!
I know he is a quarterback from Texas other than that...
Well, from what I've heard, he also won the NFL Offensive Player of the Year award
Yeah, I like him a lot. I like Billy Boyd from Romeo and Juliet.
I like Young Buck. what about you?
Could you recommend anything by Maurice Sendak?
I don't have any information on that, but there are many starring actors in that movie based on his books, like White Oleander.
It is a Historical novel, do you like that genre?
A Grief Observed was written by C.S. Lewis. Lewis also wrote Till We Have Faces
It was released in 1945
Well he also wrote The Great Divorce and The Silver Chair. Have you read either of those?
Will do!
certainly! Mr. Copley is a South African actor knows for roles in such films as The A-Team and Maleficent.
Yes, isn't Mike Woodson their coach?
Oh no, I haven't. Who else do you like to watch?
It is great, and that is a great sport to watch as well. Do you like any other sports?
Sure. John Berendt wrote The Lady & Sons Savannah Country Cookbook and The City of Falling Angels.
I'm not sure, but the book was released in 2005.
No problem.
Great!
Are you a fan of the author John Scalzi?
He also wrote The Fault in Our Stars which was an animated mini-series on Hulu.
He did! He also wrote Paper Towns, and Looking for Alaska. Would you like to know more about these titles?
You're welcome.
I think he is a talented athlete, did you know he is from Dubai?
Yup, I think he also played in Munich. Have you seen it?
Yes, I think it was a good movie.
I would have to check it out. Thanks for the information.
Gore Verbinski directed Rango starring Johnny Depp. Do you like Johnny Depp movies?
Well, Rango is a western starring Tom Hanks. Do you like westerns?
You are welcome.
The Prestige is written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Dark Knight Rises.
The Prestige is a horror film.
The Dark Knight Rises is a drama that was written by Christopher Nolan
I do not know about Memento but the genre is thriller
Thomas Lennon starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Human Stain.
You're welcome
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a popular one by L. Frank Baum.
It is considered fantasy. He also wrote The Wonderful Wizard of Oz, which is also considered fantasy.
Some other fantasy books are The Wonderful Wizard of Oz and The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
Yes, it was written by Diana Gabaldon. Are you interested in other books by her?
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of that series, this is the only one I have at this time.
You are welcome, enjoy!
It looks like it was released in 2017. It's considered a classic.
The Holiday was released in 2009 and is a Romance-drama.
It is a Fantasy. Are you interested in that genre?
X-Men 2 and Shark Night are a couple good thrillers.
Kate Winslet also starred in The Wedding Date too. Have you seen that movie?
WALLE is an action movie directed by Aldous Huxley. Do you like his work?
The E-Team is a good Sci-Fi movie. You might also like X-Men: The Last Stand.
Sure- the last is X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class.
Yes. The Union is a great Sci-Fi movie. You might also like X-Men: The Last Stand.
Tom Wilkinson starred in Wolverine. You'll like it.
Yes- the union was released in 2008.
It was written by Sarah Dessen and is young adult fiction genre, Have you read any of her works?
Sure, it's also written by Sarah Dessen and is considered young adult fiction. You might also like What Happened to Goodbyes if that helps.
Sure, it was released in 1958 and is in the English language. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Well, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
It's considered children's literature but is also considered children's literature.
It is written by Katherine Paterson. She also wrote Wintergirls and Twilight.
I have not seen Ocean's Twelve but what can you tell me about it?
Ocean's Twelve stars George Nolfi and George Nolfi.
Great! Hope you enjoy the movie.
Robert Lewandowski is an American professional footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich and is his national team.
I do, I like football. What about you?
I would have to check that out, thanks for the information.
He has starred in several movies such as Nixon and Mr. 3000.
Isn't he the one that starred in This Is England '86?
It is considered poetry. You might also like The Cursed Child, Parts One and Two
Yes. Jack Thorne starred in the movie Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, Parts One and Two, actually an animation film.
Sure, I hope you enjoy it!
Snow Flower
China Dolls was released in 2005 and is a fiction
I'm sorry I don't know much about Snow Flower but I can tell you that it was released in 2005 and is a romance novel.
Absolutely !
Do you like Quentin Tarantino Movies ?
Great! You might also enjoy Grindhouse. It's directed by Rob Zombie, who also directed Grindhouse.
It is a good one. It was released in 1999 and directed by Rob Zombie.
Sure, this book is written by Stieg Larsson and was released in 2006.
Sure, Syeig Larsson wrote Luftslottet som sprangdes, have you read this one yet?
Yes it was released in 2005 and is in English.
You are welcome.
You're welcome!
I sure do! Michael Parks starred in Thriller Film Wicked, Tusk, The Assassination of Jesse Jame, and The Green Mile. Have you seen any of those?
Wicked is a Thriller, Drama, Comedy and Drama.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome. Have a good day!
Its a drama. Ken Kesey also wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, and The Handmaid's Tale.
It's a classic, I think you'd enjoy it! Ken Kesey wrote it and it was released in 1975.
Great, enjoy!
I think he is a good basketball player, what about you?
Haha, I'm not sure. I think he's a good actor. He was born in Space Jam, but he's a great actor.
It's such a fun movie. I've seen Ghostbusters. Would you like to watch it?
I believe he did. It's a fantasy movie. There's a lot of action in it, as well.
Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls along with Paul Walker and also in The Fast and the Furious.
Yes, Vin Diesel stars in The Fast and the Furious. Do you like Vin Diesel?
Yes, Vin Diesel stars in A Man Apart. He also starred in The Chronicles of Riddick and Fast Five.
No problem!
He has also written Travels with Charley: In Search of America, Tortilla Flat, The Winter of Our Discontent and many more. Have you read any of these?
I do, he wrote What Lies Beneath as well. It's a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes he did and he also starred in Stones into Schools: Promoting Peace with Books
That is a good one, it is a very good one. You should check it out. It is a very good movie
I do too, they're in the National Football League and within the National Football Conference.
I'm a New York Giants fan so I'm not sure, but I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan myself.
I agree. If you like action movies, you should watch Shark Night. It's a lot of fun to watch.
Yes, The Paris Wife is written by Paula McLain who also wrote Circling the Sun. Have you read this one?
Circling the Sun was released in 2015, it's considered a Romance Novel.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like thrillers?
Eraserhead is starring Tom Clancy. what else can i answer for you?
the genre is thriller. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
The Fault in Our Stars is a popular one he directed.
The Fault in Our Stars is starring Shailene Woodley. Have you seen it?
It is a young-adult fiction
You are welcome!
Hotel Rwanda is written by Terry George who also wrote Hart's War
It was written by Ernest Hemingway. It is also a war film.
Yes it is. We Were Soldiers also stars Thomas Lennon and Callum Rennie.
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
Sure! Tammara Webber wrote Easy and Breakable. Do you like like like drama or crime fiction better?
It was released in 2011
2011 was the year that released The Fault in Our Stars.
Sure, The Phantom Tollbooth was written by Norton Juster. Have you heard of him?
Sure, Peter Cushing starred in Twins of Evil. anything else i can do for you?
OK, Peter Cushing also starred in Twins of Evil and Torture Garden.
Robert Zemeckis wrote The Revenge of Frankenstein.
Great! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Peter Gallagher starred in The O.C. which is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
While You Were Sleeping stars Sandra Bullock and Bill Pullman. Do you like The O.C. series?
Tom Wilkinson wrote it. He's a very good actor.
Great, enjoy!
I sure do! He starred in The Thomas Crown Affair and The Running Man, to name a couple.
I don't know if it is, but Yaphet Kotto is also in the adventure genre. Do you like action films?
Some other action movies you might like are The Running Man, The Chronicles of Riddick and Cars 2.
You are welcome. Happy viewing!
I know that she starred in the movie The Godfather, have you seen it?
She has also written Silence and Hush, Hush. Have you read either?
Crescendo is a young adult novel by Becca Fitzpatrick also wrote Endless Nights, have you read this one?
You are welcome! Have a great day.
It was written by Jeannette Walls and is considered a memoir. Have you read it?
She is the author of a book called The Glass Castle, which is a memoir
It is a memoir released in 2005
Your welcome
John Carpenter directed The Fault in Our Stars, have you seen it?
It looks like he did. Escape from New York is a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes you are correct. I would recommend The Fault in Our Stars, but I haven't seen that one.
The Power is an interesting book!
I'm not sure, but The Secret was written by Byrne and produced by Byrne. Do you like the author or genre?
He wrote The Nutcracker which was released in 2005.
He's been in Your Friend the Rat, Warriors of the 21st Century and WALL-E. Are you interested in any of those?
Your Friend the Rat was released in 2011. It stars Patton Oswalt as Remy, the rat.
I don't have the information but it is a animated short.
You are welcome and have a great day!
Is it the book written by Maurice Sendak?
The Good Dinosaur is an family friendly film, so you might like it.
Your welcome. Hope you enjoy!
Still Alice is in the genre of fantasy. Would you like to hear more about it?
Who doesn't love Anthony. He's written some good ones.
Great! I hope you enjoy!
It's very interesting!
Sure! Mark Haddon is a writer and director. He wrote the books, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time, The Red House and a A Spot of Bother. He wrote these books as well.
Yes, The Red House wasadapted into a film which was directed by Roland Emmerich. Have you seen it?
Yes he did, The Messenger was a drama and action film. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Frank Coraci starred in Here Comes the Boom and The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo. Is there a specific genre you prefer?
Kevin James also starred in Zookeeper. That's a romantic comedy.
I'm not sure about that movie, but it is a comedy too.
Once Upon a Time in the West was wrote by the same man.
Witches Abroad is a good one, but a good one for you.
I don't know who stars in it, but he is a great actor.
I hope you enjoy it!
I think I've heard of him, he's a good basketball player. Do you like him?
The Order was released in 1987
Eddie Redmayne, Scarlett Johansson and he was also in the movie. Do you like those actors?
You are welcome. You are welcome.
It is a great movie starring Will Smith and John Lee Hancock.
I think you might like The Alamo, or The Manchurian Candidate. The movie is based on Drama.
Sure! Money Ball is produced by Roland Emmerich and stars Brad Pitt. The movie is about a man who is suddenly able to enter his life.
Yes its written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with this author?
The Iron Trial and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass. Is that of interest?
Sure, Then you'll like Clockwork Angel and The Shadowhunter's Codex by Frank Beddor.
Is there anything else I can help with?
Sure, he directed Children of Men and Film Executive Produced
Yes he did along with Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
I can't find that information, but if you like fantasy you might enjoy The Fault in Our Stars.
You're welcome.
Is that the book written by C.S.Lewis?
He also wrote Till We Have Faces, The Magician's Nephew and The Silver Chair.
You're welcome.
I love The Yellow Submarine! He wrote that with john Lennon. I am a Beatles fan. how about you?
No, I don't. I am not a Beatles fan.
Yes he is and he is very talented, hasn't he?
Do you know if he played or not in the playlist?
Laurie Halse wrote Wintergirls and Twisted
It's a romance novel that was released in 2011.
Sure, enjoy the book!
Yes, I do! Are you a fan of Rihanna's music?
Yes, Rihanna has a romatic relationship with Chris Brown. Do you like that?
It is a great movie.
He is in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like comedies?
Other movies he was in include The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen these?
The movie is based on the true story of a young man fulfilling his and his late wife's life.
Enjoy!
It is written by Suzanne Collins and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like this author?
I would recommend Xenocide or Wyrd Sisters. Both are very good.
Yes, it was released in 2010 and is in the Fantasy genre.
Jonathan Dayton starred in Little Miss Sunshine starring Paul Dano.
Yes, he did. He also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
No, John Elizabeth was not in the film. If you like history, you might also like The Last Olympian written by Jonathan Dayton.
I think it's okay. She has a good voice. Were you aware that she starred in a book called Little Miss Sunshine?
You're welcome.
It's a book written by Nicholas Sparks and made into a movie. Have you read it?
The Notebook is a good book that is a similar to A Walk to Remember.
Yes, it was also a movie. I think you might like it.
How about The Silence of the Lambs? It is also a good one.
The Matrix Revolutions was directed by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
I am not sure, but I know Keanu Reeves starred in The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Revolutions, and the movie V for Vendetta.
I'm not sure, but he was in Batman Begins and Inglorious Bastards.
I'm not sure, but it may be similar to The Giant Peach recommended.
It was directed by Christopher Bigsby.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, he directed The Mechanic and West Side Story.
Yes, he did. Did you know he also directed The Mechanic?
He hasn't seen that one but will check it out
You are welcome.
I'll add it now.
The Light Between Oceans is one book.
No, I haven't but I heard it was released in 2013 and is considered a drama. Do you like drama?
Sure, he also directed The Good Dinosaur which was released in 2012. Have you seen it?
Great, have a good day!
Yes, she wrote Rebecca and My Cousin Rachel.
My Cousin Rachel has genre Science Fiction. Do you like that genre?
It came out in 1937.
No problem.
They are a strong team in the NFL. Their coach Mike McCarthy is really talented. I wonder if they will make the Super Bowl this year.
If you like that, you might want to try the Seattle Seahawks.
he is good. who is your fav player?
i don't have that information either. have you ever been to a game in person?
That sounds pretty cool, they're one of the best teams in the AFC West division.
Yes, I am! Did you know he starred in Friends with Benefits with Emma Stone?
Sure, it's a romantic comedy. If you like romantic comedies, you might also enjoy Friends with Benefits.
Eddie Redmayne, Eddie Redmayne, and Channing Tatum are also in it. I think you might like it.
Sure, I enjoyed Walk Away and Behind These Hazel Eyes. Big hits for her? What about you?
American Idol has genre Music and I love music. Do you like either of those genres?
I don't have that information either. I am sorry. I do know Jerry Bruckheimer starred in the movie.
To name a few dolls, she is a voice actor in the Lorax too. I think you'll like it
Sure, Rudy is in the genre of Thriller, Sci-Fi and Drama. Is that what you are looking for?
Sure. The Watcher was written by Stephen King, who also wrote The Dark Knight Rises.
It sure did. Leonardo Dicaprio was also in The Everlasting, which is a thriller.
You're welcome!
She wrote Little Lord Fauntleroy, have you read it?
Sure, Vanessa Redgrave, Channing Tatum and Ella Enchanted are some of her poetry.
Can I help you with anything else?
It is written by St. John Mandel and was released in 2014.
Toni Morrison wrote The Bluest Eye, Tar Baby, and Sula
Its a fiction novel
You should check out Voyager and The Penultimate Peril
It was written by Quentin Tarantino
You are welcome
Downfalls in the genre of War. Do you like War films?
Rodger Bumpass and Ben Stiller starred in Downfall.
You're welcome
Sure, do you like to know about other movies he directed?
Yes, Jeff Garlin also starred in The Warrior's Way, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Fugitive.
Tom Hanks wrote the Toy Story too. Would you like to know more about his movies?
The Great Gatsby is a novel and The Chosen and The Affair are similar to it.
Well, if you like The Great Gatsby, you may also like Valkyrie and Thirteen Moons. Do you like them?
Of course! Harald Kloser also wrote "The Warrior's Way" and "The Handmaid's Tale".
You are very welcome!
He is a good actor. He starred in Playing for Keeps and Olympus Has Fallen.
It's a Romance. Did you know it was also turned into a movie?
It was released in 2010. It also has genre Comedy.
Sure. Playing for Keeps.
I have not, but I know it was written by Martin McDonagh
It also starred Virginia Madsen and was released in 2004.
Yes, he did and that is correct.
You're welcome.
Sure, he directed the comedy American Pie as well as The Golden Compass.
He also directed American Pie, which is produced by Chris Weitz. Chris Weitz also directed the movie American Pie.
Yes, the Lady in the Water is a good one. Chris Weitz also directed Pineapple Express. Have you seen that one?
Alejandro Amenábar directed The Godfather and The Godfather. Have you seen either of these?
Sure! It is a great book written by Paulo Coelho and is a satire. Is that what you were looking for?
Sure, what about The Nightingale or Winter's Tale? Which genre do you prefer?
Sure, it is written by Matt Damon and was released in 2010. Do you like fantasy books?
I think he is a good tennis player but I like Andy Murray better.
I think you may like him as an actor as well. He starred in The expendables 2.
You're welcome.
I definitely recommend Die Hard with a Vengeance, starring Bruce Willis.
Another good one is A Good Day to Die Hard. Have you seen it?
Of course, it is fantasy movie, is that what you are looking for?
Yes, it was released in 1957 and has a genre Fiction.
Yes, The Sneetches and Other Stories is a Children's literature written by Theodore Lesieg and is in the Speculative Fiction genre.
Okay. Glad I could help.
It starred J.K. Simmons and Melissa Benoist. JK won an Oscar for his role.
She is also in The Longest Ride and The Longest Ride.
Okay, great movie. It is a fantasy movie and Melissa Benoist is also in it.
Yes it is a romance, similar to The Longest Ride.
Yes I have seen Faster and Men of Honor!
You are welcome have a good day
I do enjoy the Lakers. They are coached by Doc Rivers, Scott D'Antoni and Mike Brown. What is your favorite team?
Well, Lakers would be fun to watch. Have you seen any of the Lakers's games?
Did you know their home venue is at the AT&T Stadium?
Larissa wrote асска и овести, арамаов, and ес.
I do not have that information but he wrote асска и овести, арамаов, and ес.
I hope you enjoy it.
Sure, it is a romance novel written by Nicholas Sparks. Are you interested in romance?
Then you might like Beautiful Creatures or Apocalypse Now. They are both Romance pieces.
No, it is by Sarah Silverman. Do you like her work?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Washington Redskins sucks. did you know Dwight Schar owned this team
Yeah, he's pretty good. Who's your favorite player on that team?
What sport do you like?
Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
How about Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life from Dear Sugar? It is a self help book.
Your welcome enjoy
It is written by the great by J.K. Rowling. What can I tell you about it?
She also wrote The Cuckoo's Calling and The Silkworm. Are you a fan of these?
It is a fantasy novel. Are you interested in any of these genres?
Anything else I can help you with?
I sure do! He starred in The Pacifier with Johnny Depp. Do you like him?
Yes it is. You should check it out. It is very funny.
Yes there is. Have you seen Crime Fiction? It is a great movie with a little bit of drama.
The Little House on the Prairie is a Historical novel, so you might like It's part of the series called Little House on the Prairie
Sure. Little House on the Prairie is a Children's literature book, released in 1933. This book is apart of a series called Little House on the Prairie
Little House on the Prairie is a wonderful book. I think you would like it
Venus Williams is an American professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 40 in the WTA singles rankings.
No, I didn't know that. What genre is that?
I didn't know that. I wonder if her and her sister Serena lost?
The Lost Symbol is written by Dan Brown and is in the genre fantasy. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, Ron Howard also wrote The Da Vinci Code and Inferno. Would you like to know more?
Yes, he did. Ron Howard also wrote The Da Vinci Code. It is a thriller. Have you seen that?
He wrote The Da Vinci Code and Inferno just to name a few.
Great, if you like Dramas then you should check out The Da Vinci Code and The Lost Symbol.
Enjoy
Yes! X-Men: First Class is one of my favorite films.
It's a Thriller. Are you into Thrillers?
You might like The Wolverine, it's a sci-fi movie.
Of course! Robert Downey Jr. also starred in X-Men: The Last Stand, X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: Apocalypse.
He wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
It is a Feminist perspective
He also wrote A Pure Woman Faithfully in 1891
Rick Yancey wrote The Monstrumologist,The Last Star, The Infinite Sea. Have you heard of any of these?
Sutton has written Seven Pounds, The Final Destination, and A Christmas Carol.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn, what do you like about it?
I sure do. He was also in Paper Towns with Will Smith.
I will have to check it out!
Gone with the Wind was written by Margaret Mitchell. She also wrote It's a Wonderful Life.
Well, it was originally written by George R.R. Martin, and it's a Fantasy genre. I'm not sure if you like those.
I have no information on The Untouchables.
You're welcome.
Did you know that the Last Song was written by Nicolas Sparks?
Two By Two is written by Nicholas Sparks.
The Notebook is a good one. Have you read it?
Yes! They are a Korean boy band from Seoul that sing pop music, k-pop, and contemporary R&B.
I have Inkheart and Tintenherz. Would you like those?
Inkheart is written by Cornelia Funke. She also wrote Inkheart which is a fantasy.
Your welcome.
Similar movies to The Hangover are Meet the Fockers and Welcome to Mooseport.
It was written by George R.R. Martin and stars Robert De Niro and Katherine Helmond.
You are welcome
Hello, yes Albus wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
The genre is Thriller and Speculative Fiction. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome!
I know that Mahendra Singh Dhoni is both an actor and athlete. They starred in Hook Ya Crook
What sport do you like?
Robert Duvall starred in Hook Ya Crook, which is a romantic comedy.
Sure. Tracy Chevalier wrote the black comedy film Falling Angels. Does that sound interesting to you?
The Last Runaway was released in 1997.
You are welcome.
Do you like the author Roald Dahl?
There is a children's literature that you might enjoy.
I'm sorry I don't see anything on autobiographies at this time.
Great, enjoy!
Yes, they are a football team. Do you like football?
I love his writing! He wrote The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes, The Complete Sherlock Holmes, and The Return of Sherlock Holmes. Do you enjoy detective or mystery type novels and movies?
It was directed by Matt Reeves and he also directed Coyote Ugly. You might like that.
Sure, Stan Lee also starred in The Incredible Hulk and The Skeleton Twins
Sure, Stan Lee also starred in Iron Man 3 and Thor
Absolutely, have a great day.
This movie is directed by Diana Wynne Jones, and stars Christian Bale. Are you interested in young adult fiction?
Jon Favreau wrote Made, starring Faizon Love, and Jonathan Silverman
He directed The Wolfman and Jurassic Park lll.
They are great. Then you might also like World War Z and Cloverfield.
Yes he starred in it as well. It's a war action movie as well.
No problem. Enjoy!
Sure, did you like Sharp Objects because it was written by Gillian Flynn, or because it was the genre Suspense/Mystery?
She also wrote Sharp Objects and Dark Places.
I believe it was. It was released in 2010 and is in the suspense genre.
It was released in 2015. That was the same year Shark Night was released.
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works
Cold Blood is a Drama. It is also a Crime Fiction. Have you read it?
Michael Bay is the producer of Transformers and also did Mystery Men and I Am Number Four. Would you like to know more?
It's a great movie! It stars Robin Williams and William Hurt.
It was directed by Steven Spielberg. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Absolutely!
Sure, Mark Cotta Vaz wrote The Stars My Destination, and Skyfall. Have you read any of these?
Yes it is, it's a vampire series as well as a vampire series.
It's more of a vampire series, but I think you'd like it. It's part of a series.
You're welcome!
Sure, he directed Seven Psychopaths and the Oscar nominated Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri, just released last year.
It is a Psychopaths starring Kevin Corrigan
You're welcome
The book was written by Billie Letts and released in 1996. Do you like the book because of its story line?
Its a novel set in the 1970s England. It was released in 1973.
Sure, enjoy.
Enjoy!
Yea, Rickie Fowler is an athlete. He plays Golf and he was born in Murrieta.
I haven't seen it, but I heard Adam Sandler was in it. He's a great golfer!
I love Julia Bowen! I think she was in a relationship with Britney Spears too.
Sure, she starred in Wonder Women 2017, also in Solider 1998
Shaun Evans and Damian Lewis were the principal actors.
It is a fantasy, comedy, drama. Do you like those types of movies?
The 5th Wave is an adventure movie starring Rick Yancey
Ricky Yancey also wrote the Monstrumologist series. Is that what you are looking for?
Ricky Yancey also wrote the Monstrumologist series.
Let me know if I can help you with anything else.
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy.
She's good, but I like her friend Ariana Grande better.
She does have a good voice. She's also been in a movie called Valentine's Day, which was written by John Lennon.
I agree. Did you know she was born in Hawaii?
I do! He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and Turbo. The Proposal was a great movie too.
No, but I heard it was good. X-Men Origins: Wolverine was released in 2009 and stars Hugh Jackman.
Ted is a great comedy movie. If you like Ryan Reynolds, he also starred in Hero.
Thank you. I hope you enjoy it.
Me, too! He's one of my favorites. My favorite song of his is Never Let You Go.
I like the most of her music. She's a good actress too.
He is very talented too. Have you watched any of his concerts?
That was a great movie! Would you like movies with actors from that movie or a more science fiction related search?
Yes he was, he was the writer of it
He also starred in X-Men Apocalypse
Jack and Jill, Bedtime stories, grown ups. Adam Sandler movies are all awesome
Grown ups is directed by Matt Damon, Zach Galifianakis, Adam Sandler and Bill Paxton
Yes he did and that is a comedy genre.
You are welcome
Victor Hugo has written some good books, would you like to know a few of them?
That was released in 2014. Another good Romance novel is Notre Dame. Have you read it?
It is considered a Gothic Fiction book. Another good book is Zoe's Tale.
Cool, enjoy the books!
You are welcome enjoy
He wrote There Will be Blood and The Master. He's been involved in a lot of different movies. Would you like to hear more?
I am not a big fan of her, but I heard she is from Adelaide.
Did you know he's from Nashville, that's where he was.
No he is, similar to he used to be in a relationship with Cameron Diaz.
Anthony Hopkins starred in both Bobby and The Edge.
Peter and Paul is a drama. It's also considered a comedy.
Sure. Peter and Paul also starred in Tropic Thunder which is a drama film.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
The are a pretty good team. Do you follow football much?
They have a good season. I'm not sure who they are doing, but I do know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt
I think their head coach Jason Garrett is doing a great job with the team, and the just beat the number 1 team, so I hope so!
I do. He is a point guard for the Denver Nuggets.
Ok I will have to check it out. Did you know he was a member of the Denver Nuggets?
It was a great movie with Friends with Benefits and No Strings Attached. Great movie.
Sure! The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet Prince of Denmark is written by William Shakespeare. Have you read it?
I dont have that information but Shakespeare has written a lot of interesting works such as The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet and Prince of Denmark
Ok enjoy your reading!
She is a Romanian professional tennis player. She is the current world No. 1 on the WTA Tour.
I think they will win both Venus and Serena i like. What sport do you like?
Did you see her in the London 2012 Summer Olympics?
I have not really followed them much as it seems they float around between the AFL and the NFL.
He did a point guard with the Detroit Lions. He was also a quarterback.
It was Super Bowl XXXI, have you ever watched that?
Yes, Mervyn Peake is a artist and author, she wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
It was released in 1886.
It was a thriller that was released in 1886.
You may like The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
Stephenie Meyer is one of the actors in the movie.
I'll have to check back, once I've confirmed that its available online
There is a sequel called Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets. Have you heard of that?
The movie was directed by Steve Oedekerk, but he also wrote The Golden Compass.
Yes, he wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
Kenneth H. Blanchard wrote Who Moved My Cheese, which was released in 1981.
Its a suspense book that was released in 1981.
Absolutely, enjoy.
The Fountainhead is written by James Dashner. Have you heard of him?
She did write We the Living. Have you heard of that one?
Your welcome. Glad I could help.
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories ?
The Passage, The Last Dragon, The Invisible Man are a few of my favorites. I also like Dracula.
George R. R. Martin wrote that book. Would you like to hear more about Dracula?
He also wrote Nights in Rodanthe
She wrote Under the Tuscan Sun. Have you read that one?
Under the Tuscan Sun is a Romance novel.
Of course, I hope you enjoy it.
Do you like the movie because it is a fiction?
Yes she did and also wrote Go Set a Watchman
you are welcome
Have you heard of Go Set A Watchman?
Yes, it is a great movie starring Sofia Coppola and Robert Duvall. Do you like crime movies?
I have not, but I know it was written by Richard DeNiro and stars Al Pacino, Robert DeNiro have you seen it?
Great, I think it is a great movie. Did you know it also stars Brenda Blethyn?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on Michael Byrne.
It also stars Xander Berkeley and Al Pacino.
No problem!
Sure, Seamus Heaney wrote Beowulf.
Beowulf is a Romeo and Juliet. Do you like his works?
It is written in English and released in 2008.
Yes. He starred in The Terminator and The Order. Do you like thrillers?
Sure, he starred in The Terminator and The Order. Do you like action movies?
Sure, Lionheart is in the genre of Fantasy and Action.
Liam Neeson, Jim Carrey, Chris Hemsworth were also in it.
William Hurt, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix are some of the actors.
ok
He directed Seven Psychopaths. Gabourey Sidibe starred in it.
Six Shooter was a great movie! Jason Statham and Lou Romano are in it.
Seven Psychopaths is a Psychopaths. Do you like that genre?
James Harden is great! He won the NBA All-Rookie of the Year Award.
I watch a lot, I don't really follow basketball, I don't know much about it
Wilson Chandler that's great, isn't he? I think he's a great player as well.
Would you wish me to recommend something in relation to Heroic Fantasy?
Sure, Alien is a series and Ridley Scott Directed the first. There are a few Alien movies. Have you seen them all?
Yes he is, he has written many great films, such as Zombieland, X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: First Class.
Not that I can find but he has written many great horror films, such as The Manchurian Candidate, Midnight in Paris, and The House at Pooh Corner.
You're welcome, enjoy!
It was written by Graeme Simsion and was released in 2013.
Yes, she also wrote The Secret Effect and The Mysteries. Are you a fan of either of those?
No, I am not sure about that. What else can I help you with?
He wrote the Movie Olympus Has Fallen and Brooklyn's Finest.
John Travolta was also in Olympus falls under the genre political thriller. Did you like that genre?
I'm not sure. However he also produced The Last Temptation of Christ.
Tom Cusack is the writer of Olympus. Would you like to hear more about his movies?
Yes, I do. Do you enjoy him as an actor or singer?
It was a good movie. He was also in Friends with Benefits and No Strings Attached.
I think Will Smith is a celebrity friend. What's your opinion
The Cather in the Rye was written by J.D Salinger. He also wrote Raise High the Roof Beam and Nine Stories.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, the author of To Kill a Mockingbird was released in 1925. Would you like to know more about this book?
Yes, Harper Lee also wrote Go Set a Watchman and the Emperors Cool Clothes.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like young adult fiction?
No, they both wrote the Shadowhunter's Codex.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I'm not a huge baseball fan. But the references to them and George Steinbrenner were hilarious on Seinfeld.
That's right, he had that. The Yankees home venue is the CenturyLink Field.
I'm not sure about that, I can tell you that the Yankees have won a World Series of this year.
Oh great, thanks for the info!
Yes I know he is a folk rocker as well.
I think she is a great athlete, did you know she was born in Hisar (Indian district)?
What do you think of badminton? I think I heard he also plays badminton.
Ok, I've seen some events that he acted in like badminton. Is that a film you'd like to watch?
I haven't seen it but I heard it's a good movie, written by Richelle Mead. Do you like Richelle Mead?
I do! The Amazing Spider-Man was written by Stan Lee and starred Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield. It is a Science Fiction. Do you like science fiction?
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and The Amazing Spider-Man.
Yes that is correct and it is a fantasy
ok
Yes, Gillian Flynn wrote What Do You Do and Sharp Objects.
It is a non fiction book
There is a thriller called Sharp Objects.
You are welcome
He wrote The Great Dune Trilogy and Heretics of Dune.
Okay, have you heard about Lost Highway or Gulliver's Travels?
Sorry I don't have that information, but Frank Herbert wrote the book was released in 1980.
Sure, enjoy the book!
Sure, do you like it because it's a thriller?
Then you will like We Bought A Zoo. Have you seen it?
Great, enjoy!
I sure do! It's written by Robert Jordan and is a part of a series. Have you read it?
It is in the genre of speculative fiction. or fantasy. Have you heard of that genre?
Did you know it also stars Julianne Moore?
You're so welcome!
Little Miss Sunshine has genre Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure! It is a 2004 American-American comedy film directed by Paul Giamatti. Would you like to see it?
You're welcome!
I saw the movie, but I haven't read the book. That was written by Sara Gruen. Have you read it?
No, I haven't. Do you like the book because of its fantasy genre?
Yes, it is also written by Sara Guen and is a Romance novel.
Yes, I will add it to your reading list.
have a good day
OK, have a good day
Beautiful Disaster is written by Jamie McGuire and released in 2011. It has very good reviews and is considered a favorite for some.
I don't know much but Jamie McGuire wrote Beautiful Oblivion which was released in 2015
You're welcome!
Pulp Fiction was written by Quentin Tarantino.
John Travolta also starred in Zombieland
She was in Walk the Line and Self/less. Do those sound interesting to you?
Sean Flynn was also in that movie.
She was also in The Wedding Date too. Have you seen that one?
Sure he is! He wrote The Crossing and The Kingdom of Heaven. Have you read those?
Definitely, it is my favorite soccer team! My brother likes Chelsea, we always fight about it.
Not really. I am more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan. What about you?
I like the L.A. Lakers. Who's your favorite?
Jake Gyllenhaal is a writer. He wrote The Fault in Our Stars and he directed The Day After Tomorrow. Have you heard of either of these?
It was released in 1986, and is a crime genre.
It also stared Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
You're welcome!
Do you like science fiction
Well there is The Looking Glass Wars, written by Frank Beddor.
Yes, it is part of the series. Another book in the series is The Polar Express.
It was released in 2004.
Yes, she wrote The Mists of Avalon and the Forest House. Are you interested in Speculative fiction?
It is part of a series, the next in the series is The Lost Hero.
This book was written by Philip Pullman and is part of the series The Mists of Avalon. Would you like to know more?
No problem!
Absolutely! He wrote Your Friend the Rat, Warriors of the 21st Century and WALL-E. Are you interested in any of those?
That's a great movie. It also stars Chris Hemsworth and Ratatouille.
It is a romantic comedy.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! One of my favorites is The Inheritance Cycle. Have you heard of it?
The Next Best Thing is a Comedy-drama. Is that what you were looking for?
You are welcome!
Yes, I did enjoy O Brother, Where Art Thou, it was written by William Shakespeare and starred Tom Hanks.
Sure, he also wrote The Big Lebowski and The Big Lebowski.
I don't have that information, sorry.
You are welcome.
Sure, he was in Star Wars as well as The Making of Star Wars. Have you seen those?
Wally Lamb wrote several books like She's Come Undone and The Hour I First Believed. Do you like Fiction?
It was released in 2003, the same year as The Hour I First Believed.
Yes it is, you are right.
Yes, he wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest
Certainly, Ken Kesey wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest and The Man in the High Castle. Those are both classics.
Yes, he was. He was also in The Manchurian Candidate. The Manchurian Candidate was also in it.
Denzel Washington is in the movie, similar to Leo Tolstoy.
Undisputed is a good one, and he starred in The Dark Knight Rises.
Sure, Leo starred in The Dark Knight Rises which is a historical drama.
She starred in The Importance of Being Earnest and The Grinch.
I am not sure but I can tell you they were influenced by Stephen Rea, who also wrote The Invisible Man.
ok
The author of The Dawn Treader is J.K. Rowling. It falls under the fantasy genre.
The Silver Chair is also written by C.S. Lewis. Have you heard of it?
The Silver Chair is a fantasy novel. The Lion is actually the first book in the series, I think you'd like it.
Sure! He directed Elysium and District 9, both great movies.
Yes it is. District 9 is in the Thriller genre.
Yes, she was. She was also in House Bunny.
You're welcome. Enjoy.
She starred in Call Me Maybe and Call Me Maybe. Have you heard of either of those?
I have all of her songs. She is a great singer, song writer and actress.
You're welcome.
I know he plays for the Mexico national football team, but I don't follow soccer. Do you like soccer?
I'm not sure but I believe he played for Manchester United F.C.
I believe he is from Guadalajara, Mexico and he was actually born on June 1st, 1988.
Stuck on you is direct by Bobby Farrelly and stars Bella Thorne. This is produced by Peter Farrelly and is comedy
If you like comedies, you might enjoy Shrek the Third or Get Smart. Have you seen those?
Jim Carrey also starred in Tootsie as well. It is a comedy.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes he plays basketball. He is a point guard for the Chicago Bulls.
I'm not sure. But, Derrick Rose is a point guard with the Chicago Bulls.
Who's your favorite player on the Bulls?
Sure! Number the Stars is written by Lois Lowry and the genre is Speculative fiction.
Lois Lowry also wrote; Anastasia Krupnik. It was released in 1981, and is a fantasy novel.
No problem, enjoy!
He wrote The Twits, which is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
He wrote The Twits, which is part of the series.
Well it's now a recommendation for you, so I'm sure you will like it!
The book was released in 2008. Would you like to know anything else about this book?
No problem!
This book is part of the series The Fault in Our Stars.
He also wrote Paper Towns.
Absolutely!
I'm not positive it's similar but Ashes to Ashes is in the same genre and is an action movie like The Firm.
It's an action film, but the genre is a thriller.
You're welcome!
I recommend Island.
Yes, The Doors of Perception & Heaven was released 1956. 1956 was the year that released The Last Battle
The Last Battle was released in 1956. Would you like to know more about this?
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
He wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Sure, he also wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
He also wrote The Grand Design and A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy!
OK, enjoy!
Sure, she's been in lots of movies. Which genres do you like?
You might also enjoy Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt and Katharine McDonnell.
That's right. She was also in We Bought a Zoo with Robert Duvall. Have you seen that one?
Scoop is a drama/mystery.
He wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames and Naked. Have you read either of those?
It's a Science Fiction. It was released in 2008.
Yes it was released in 2008. That was the same year White House Down was released. Have you heard of it?
You're welcome and enjoy it!
Yes her is very talented. I like her in that movie too!
I did, but I'm a fan of Ariana Grande, do you like her?
A Woman, a Woman is a Woman is a Woman. She has also starred in a movie called Night Shyamalan.
Robin Williams starred in the movie The Matrix. Would you like to know more about this movie?
Yes, the movie is more of a drama/mystery as well. If you like those types of movies you should check out The Crimes of Grindelwald. Have you seen this one?
Yes, she was, have you seen it?
Enjoy, have a great day!
Sure, it is a great movie, it was directed by Tony Gilroy and starred Matt Damon and Nicky Naude, have you seen it?
Yes that's correct. Jim Carey and Nat Wolff star in that movie. Do you like them?
Sure, You'll like The Nutty Professor which is also a Horror Thriller
Enjoy!
Sure, He wrote The Crucible.
Sure, The movie was released in 1953 and stars Christopher Bigsby and is a drama, do you like dramas?
Sure, I would recommend World War Z and White Fang. Do either of those interest you?
Sure. The Fall of the House of Usher is written by Christopher Bigsby. Do you like him?
You are most welcome.
I think he is a good basketball player, even though he is from Oklahoma City.
The only thing I know about him is that he played Basketball
I don't. I know that he won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award.
He is a point guard.
Sure! Mary Harron directed American Psycho and was the Executive Producer on The Notorious Bettie Page. Have you seen either of these?
Mary has genre Romance
your welcome
it was released in 2005
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Would you like to hear about other movies with him in it?
He also wrote The Matrix Revisited and The Matrix Reloaded
He directed the Matrix Revisited and directed V for Vendetta.
He directed The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen it?
Scott Glenn starred in Allegiant.
It is considered a Action and Adventure film, so you might like it.
She wrote The Light Between Oceans which was released 2012.
The Light Between Oceans has genre Drama. Are you interested in drama?
Yes. He starred in that movie. He also directed The Good Dinosaur.
You are welcome. Have a nice day.
Yes, Andy Tennant is an actor who starred in the movies The Bounty Hunter and Sweet Home Alabama. Have you seen those movies?
Well he starred in the movie Fool's Gold starring Matthew McConaughey.
Fool's Gold starred Jason Statham and Liam Neeson. Would you like to know more about it?
I believe he did. Matthew McConaughey was also in Fool's Gold as well.
You're welcome. Enjoy it.
He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
there is no information about the book
you are welcome
Sure, it is a good movie. Do you like it because of its genre or the actors?
Sure, if you like Taxi Driver you might also enjoy X-Men Origins: Wolverine, that's a great movie
Enjoy.
I know that he is a Uruguayan professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Barcelona and the Uruguay national team.
No, he did not. Are you a soccer fan?
Yes he is very good. Are you a fan?
The New England Patriots : Team Owned by Tom Brady
Have you seen the other Harry Potter films? They are a must! Half-Blood Prince is the sixth story in the series.
Thanks. I will have to check it out
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is the last one. Have you read that one?
Yes, it was written by William Shakespeare and released in 1985. Are you interested in his work?
There are several stars in this movie, one being George Clooney. Do you like his work?
No problem. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome.
A Streetcar Named Desire was written by Tennessee Williams and is in the genre called Southern Gothic. Would you like more books by WIlliams or others in that genre?
That is a great story. If you like the genre, you'll enjoy The Glass Menagerie.
It's a drama that was made into a movie. It's about a man who is suddenly able to speak to the death. It's very sad.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Hayao Miyazaki wrote and directed The Phantom Tollbooth.
It stars Xander Berkeley, Takashi Shimura, and Khalid Abdalla.
It appears that he also starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
You're welcome.
I are! He is a good Table Tennis player. What do you think of him?
I am not sure about that, but I know he participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
No I do not.
I can't remember how they was doing this year but I do know they were owned by Magic Johnson. I like Magic Johnson.
I do like them, but my favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks. Do you like them?
i think so. I am more of a Pittsburgh Steelers fan. How about you?
Not much, but I've heard they're coached by Louis van Gaal.
Not really. I like American football. My favorite team is the Lakers.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. but I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. What sports do you like?
It's not the same, but it was written by George R.R. Martin and is in the speculative fiction genre.
Yeah, it is. They are in the NFC North division. I think you'd like it.
You're welcome.
I've read "In Her Shoes." I'm not very familiar with her work but would you like to know more?
Yes, she also starred in The Longest Day. Are you familiar with that one?
Okay! She also wrote In Her Shoes, which is a comedy.
Have a great day!
Great, have a good day!
Have a good day!
The author of Odd THomas is Dean Koontz.
Well, Odd Thomas is actually a part of the series Odd Thomas to Odd Thomas. It includes the genre speculative fiction, mystery, and horror.
It was written by Terry Pratchett, and it's actually a Thriller. Would you like to read it?
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion.
Pride and Prejudice was originally written in 1813, have you read that one?
Quentin Tarantino stars in it as well.
You're welcome, enjoy the book!
No problem. Are you looking for something also directed by James Cameron?
Then you might also like The Exorcist or The House of Mirth. Do you like romantic films?
Divergent was directed by Veronica Roth and was released in 2012. She also directed The Hunger Games. Have you seen it?
You might enjoy The Giver or The Handmaid's Tale.
Oh, yes! She starred in The Proposal and Step Up
Sure, I believe she also starred in The Proposal with Sandra Bullock
It is a romantic comedy
ok
Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors and The Secret Adversary. Do you like fiction?
They Do it with Mirrors has the genres of speculative fiction and fantasy.
Yes I do, she also wrote Through the Looking Glass, and The Secret Adversary.
I do! She starred in The Special Relationship and The Queen. Have you seen either of them?
Yes it is. I haven't seen it yet. Is it good?
Ralph Fiennes also starred in Red Dragon and Punch-Drunk Love. Have you seen any of those?
He directed, and starred in Red Cliff, Windtalkers, and Reign of Assassins.
Red cliff is a fantasy film, are you interested in this genre?
Well, Red Cliff also directed The Matrix Revolutions, which is also a war film.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Madagascar was written by Roland Emmerich and Selena Gomez. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
He was in Scream 4. It's a historical period drama.
You're welcome.
The Stand is a good one he directed.
i think so, The Worlds End is a science fiction action film, similar to The Time Traveler's Wife.
I agree! Shaun of the Dead is a Sci-Fi movie starring Eddie Marsan.
Perfect, enjoy!
Did you know he's from Oklahoma City?
I don't. Is he a point guard with the Seattle Seahawks?
That's correct. I believe he is a point guard
Sure! A Grief Observed was written by C.S. Lewis. Lewis also wrote Till We Have Faces
He also wrote The Silver Chair. Have you read it?
You're very welcome!
Andy Murray is a great athlete who also won BBC Young Sports Personality of the Year.
I don't have any information on that, but I know he is from the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
I didn't know that. I know William Hurt and William Hurt were in the Dunblane school massacre.
I agree, would you like to know anything else about it?
He wrote Fast Food Nation : The Dark Side of the All-American Meal and starred in McLibel
Yes. Walt Whitman is the writer of Fast Food Nation. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, it is classified as children's literature and a Historical period drama.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
He starred in The Skulls along with Paul Walker and also in The Fast and the Furious.
Me too! Have you seen X-Men 2 or World War Z?
Yes I like Paul Walker. He was in The Fast and the Furious as well.
I don't have that information, but he was in The Fast and the Furious and he passed in Takers 2.
I sure can! Peter Krause starred in We Don't Live Here Anymore, The Truman Show, Civic Duty and Beastly. Would you like to know more?
The Truman Show is a Comedy. Thriller, Comedy, Drama.
You're welcome. I hope you like it.
Yeah, I think I heard of him he plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
Welcome to the World, Baby Girl and I still dream about you
It was released in 2012 and is a drama
Sure, there is The Last House on the Left, which is another psychological Thrillers you might enjoy
Sure, no problem!
That's a great film! It was written by Joel Cohen and is such a great animated movie.
He is an actor who starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse. He is a great actor.
Were you interested in the genre of it or the actors, such as John Ratzenberger and Robert Davi
Absolutely! Do you like Memento because it's written by Jonathan Nolan?
Definitely! Shark Night is a psychological thriller, written by Kylie Scott.
Vanilla stars Charlize Theron, Jason Kravits, and Liam Aiken to name a few. It's part of a series.
You're welcome. Enjoy the film!
Yes, Jean M Auel wrote The Valley of the Horses and the Shelters of Stone.
You might also enjoy "The Clan of the Cave Bear" or "The Plains of Passage."
Yes, it was. It is the next book in the series. Have you read it?
You are very welcome!
The Battle of the Labyrinth is written by Rick Riordan and is a young adult fiction book. To you want to here more about books like this?
Sure! He wrote The Titan's Curse and The Son of Neptune. Are you familiar with these?
He did. It is in the Speculative Fiction genre and it was released in 2009. Does that interest you?
I don't know much but I do know he plays for a German football team.
Did you know Mesut Ozil also played for Real Madrid?
I can't think of that, would you like to know anything else about him?
i love Alex. who is your fav player on the team?
what is your fav team?
OMG, I love that movie! It's very funny!
She wrote Pretty Little Liar the genre is Teen Drama, do you like teen drama?
Yes, she is known for writing Drama movies like The Secret Life of Bees and The Secret Life of Bees
Great, i hope you enjoy it!
I haven't read National Treasure, but I heard it was written by Orson Scott Card. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes that is a great movie. Are you interested in other movies starring Nicolas Cage?
I liked her in tv serie as well. It is a Romantic Comedy.
I'll add it now.
You're welcome!
Absolutely, East of Eden, The Pearl of the World and Travels with Charley: In Search of America is one of my personal favorites.
It is a Children's literature book, are you interested in those?
The novel was written by Lee Childhart, I am sorry I don't have information on it's genre.
I know that Chelsea is a romantic comedy that was produced by Will Gluck, who also wrote Winter's Tale
Well, it looks like they are based in London. I don't really follow football, but I do know the team is owned by Thomas Hardy.
I'm not sure. What can you tell me about it?
I don't have that information.
They're good. Pete Carroll is a good coach. What do you think?
Michael Heim Heims wrote Der Tod in Venedig.
I would recommend both Radiance and Warbreaker.
Yes he did, The Hero of Ages was released in 2014
Yes they were released in 2014, the same year The Green Mile was released
Awesome, hope you enjoy it
It's a good movie. It's a Thriller with Robert Downey, Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal
If you like Robert Downey Jr., he also starred in Zodiac, which is a crime Thriller. Have you seen that one?
If you like action, also check out The Incredible Hulk and X-Men, I highly recommend that!
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
X-Men 2. X-Men 2 starring bruce davison
Sure! Bryan Singer starred in the movie X-Men 2.
Yes, it is a Thriller starring Hugh Jackman.
I like super hero thrillers, do you like?
You are welcome, have a great day!
Sure, it was released in 2012. It's a thriller. Do you like that genre?
Into the woods is another good one. Have you seen it?
Added to your list. Is there anything else I can help with?
Enjoy!
Sure Terry Gilliam wrote The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus which has genre in Adventure. Do you like adventure films?
I dont have any information on that, but if you like adventure movies you should check out The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus, it's in the genre of Horror
Enjoy!
You're welcome
Sure, The Lucky One is a romantic drama written by Will Fetters and Nicholas Sparks, are you into romantic dramas?
Have you read True Believer or The Notebook?
The Wedding was released in 2002 and is in the romance genre.
Yes, Zane Grey is a very good actor.
Certainly.
The Wolf of Wall Street stars Leonardo DiCaprio, do you like it because you like his movies?
This movie was released in 2015. The Art of the Art of the Wolf is also a non-fiction.
Great, enjoy the movie!
Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
You might enjoy The Clan of the Cave Bear. It's also a Historical novel.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Callum Rennie starred in eXistenZ and Warcraft.
Yes, it is a comedy. Are you into comedies?
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Vladimir Nabokov. He also wrote Lolita and Pale Fire.
It was written by George R.R. Martin, and it's genre is Speculative fiction.
Great, some other good books are How to Win Friends and Influence People, and Tipping Point.
Yes, Gillian Flynnn and Gillian Flynnn are the author of Dark Places.
The Scar is a mystery, thriller and suspense written by Leigh Brackett
It was directed by Kurt Wimmer and released in 2011. Do you like Kurt Vonnegut Jr?
He also directed The Big Lebowski which is a comedy.
The King was written and directed by Lames Marsh. It is in the drama genre.
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Would you like to purchase it?
I'm not sure but he was in Monster's vs. Aliens.
He was in The Wool Cap, which was a comedy.
You are welcome.
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories ?
It is, similar to The Haunted Man, which is also a book.
I think it came out in 2014. Have you read any of his books?
Sure, Brave was directed by Matt Damon. If you like his movies, you might also like The Incredibles.
He also produced the sequel called Brave, which is also called A Monster's Inc.
You're welcome.
I know he is a soccer player, do you like soccer?
She is on the Brazilian national football team.
Yes he does
Yes, he wrote the Bourne Identity. Are you into Children's literature?
Yes. To Kill a Mockingbird and The Manchurian Candidate are good examples.
It's a drama. It's directed by Rick Riordan and is based on a true story.
Certainly!
I'm not familiar with cricket, but is he an athlete from Jalandhar and plays for the Mumbai Indians?
I can't really follow cricket, I don't know much about it, just that it's about cricket, what's it about?
It looks like they are playing in the Indian Premier League too. Speaking of cricket, do you follow any sport?
She's a fantastic children's writer. She wrote If You Take a Mouse to the Movies and If You Give a Pig a Pancake and many other titles.
Yes. It was also released in 1985. That's the same year If You Give a Mouse a Cookie was released.
I am not sure of the exact date. Can I help you with anything else?
Absolutely! I am happy I could help.
No, I do not, but I heard Simone Elkeles is a writer and athlete.
1.  1 is written in English.
Perfect Chemistry also has a book written in English that's it.
Harold Ramis wrote, directed, and starred in Ratatouille. Would you like to hear more about this one?
Since you like comedies, I think you might enjoy X-Men 2 or Wild Hogs.
Sorry, I do not have that information. Something else I can help you with?
Steve Jobs is a book written by Walter Isaacson. Would you like information on this?
Wither is a sci-fi/fantasy book that was released in 2011. Would you like me to add it to your list?
She also wrote Looking for Alaska, written by John Steinbeck.
Hello, yes I think The Night Circus is a good novel
Yes, it was written by Nicholas Sparks and made into a movie starring Miley Cyrus. Do you like books by Sparks?
Yes, he also wrote True Believer and Three Weeks with my Brother.
Yes, it was released in 1998. Would you like to hear more about The Last Song?
It is a crime fiction.
No problem!
David Levithan is a great cowboys fan. What do you think about the cowboys?
I don't know much but I do know they are in the NFC South. Are you a fan of them?
Yeah, I've heard they're very good.
Yes, he's an author, an actor and an athlete. Such a wide range of talent!
Yes, he was, along with a lot of others like Slumdog Millionair.
I agree, horror films are more into drama, as well as a romance film. I think you would like The Dead Zone which is a really good one.
Go Set A Watchman and Silent In The Grave are similar.
No, Harper Lee
You are welcome.
I think she is a great athlete, did you know she was born in Hisar (Indian district)?
I think I have heard of him.
Venus is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for French club West Ham United and the Brazil national team.
I love him! I especially enjoy his earlier music with Maroon 5
Yes, she is known for writing the song This Loves Me.
Sure, it is. Bahati Prinsloo also had a voice in that film, which is a psychological thriller. Do you like those genres?
Xander Berkeley starred in Kick Ass.
It is a Thriller.
It was directed by Matthew Vaughn and released in 2011.
Nicolas Cage actually starred in Lord of War and Bangkok Dangerous.
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a comedy.
He was in Lord of War and came out in 2015.
You're welcome
No, I haven't heard his music but I know that he is very talented, he is a songwriter too.
I like him. I just heard he is good. I like him too.
That's very cool. I like him as well. He is also a musician and a musician.
Inside Man is a heist, crime fiction, drama film starring Denzel Washington. Have you seen it?
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a good one. Have you seen it?
It is actually a very interesting fact. The movie is based on a book by Arthur C. Clarke, who was in the film.
Its a good one. Enjoy!
Gangs of New York starring Daniel Day-Lewis of course! Round Midnight is one I suggest.
Yes, Liam Neeson also starred in The Big Lebowski which is a Thriller.
Sure. Schindler's List is a historical drama. Is that the genre you are looking for?
Enjoy your movie
I can't, but how about greatgatsby, is that the book you're looking for?
I'm sorry I don't have any other information at the moment.
I would recommend The Fiery Cross. It is a historical novel.
ok
Sure, it was written by Mark Twain, and is in the Children's literature genre. Are you a fan of children's literature?
Lucia Graves wrote La sombra del viento an el juego del angel. Have you read those books>
Sure! It was released in 1987. Would you like to read it?
That's great! I hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Of course, she is an actress who was born in Arcadia. She is quite talented!
It was released April 26, 2010
The Muppets movies are dramas , comedy, drama, comedy, drama, and comedy genre
The Muppets is a musical comedy that Lady Gaga is also a singer
I have not really followed them much as it seems they float around between the AFL and the NFL.
I think Lamar Jackson is a good athlete. But, I don't think he is going to be my favorite team, so I'm not sure. Do you like him?
The name sounds nice, have you ever been there?
Do you like Spirit Bound because it's a paranormal romance, or because it's urban fantasy?
Other books in the genre of Young-adult fiction include Frostbite, Shadow Kiss and Blood Promise.
The Fault in Our Stars has a genre of Young-adult fiction and was released in 2012.
You might enjoy The Hunger Games or The Giver. Both are also Young-adult fiction.
Yes, its written by Lois Lowry and the genre is Speculative fiction.
Lois Lowry also wrote; Gathering Blue, Anastasia Krupnik, and The Giver. The Giver is Young-adult fiction. Do you like any of these?
The Giver is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Christopher Bigsby wrote The Crucible and All My Sons have you seen those?
He also wrote The Crucible. Have you heard of it?
Sure! Do you like Wes Anderson movies or or romance films in general?
He wrote The Royal Tenenbaums. Its a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
Some of the stars include Natasha Richardson, Jim Carrey and Marcia Gay Harden.
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it was written by Roger Avary
Sure! It was released in 1994 and stars Samuel L. Jackson, Channing Tatum and Jim Carrey. It's a thriller, do you like thrillers?
He is also on the Mist and the Lawnmower Man.
Sorry I don't have that information but I can tell you that it is a Horror movie.
I liked her in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Have you watch that movie?
She was also in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade with Dennis Hopper.
You're welcome!
Yes, I love her. Her music is very Influential but she is also a talented actress.
You should check out Girl, Interrupted. She's also a model.
I'm not sure, but it's been a while since I've heard. She has a good voice.
The Thorn Birds and The First Man in Rome are some of her works. Have you read them?
The Thorn Birds was released in Rome and The First Man in Rome was released in 1977.
The House is a good one, have you heard of it?
Alison Doody starre in A View to Kill and A prayer for the Dying. Have you heard of these?
Produced by George Lucas, the Last Crusade was released in 1997
River Phoenix starred in Last Crusade alongside Michael Byrne
you are welcome
Are you looking for other books by J.K. Rowling, or do you just prefer the fantasy genre of the book?
There is Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets for one, and another is The Fault in Our Stars.
Glad to help
Sure! Have you read Rebecca? It was written by Daphne du Maurier.
Rebecca was released in 1938.
No. Her Cousin Rachel was released in 1938.
Yes, I like him in This is 40.
The Muse is a romance movie, I think is is that what genre are you looking for?
Most definitely! The Muse is a bit old, it came out in 2009 and also stars Joe Pesci.
Enjoy!
Yes, I can. Despicable Me 2 was directed by Peter Coyote. It also starred Steve Carell.
Yes. Steve Carell starred in The Power of Thinking Without Thinking and The Magician King. Have you seen either of these?
You are welcome. He is also in Zoolander as well.
Sure! Wilson Rawls wrote Sense and Sensibility, which is also a popular novel. Have you read it?
Susan Meissner wrote a short story called The Iron Trial. Would you like to hear more?
you are welcome.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure, do you like it because it is directed by James Cameron or because it is Action movie?
Rosario Dawson and Charlize Theron starred in it. I think she's a great actress.
You are welcome. You are welcome.
That's a great team. Didn't they win the Super Bowl last year?
Tom Brady and Tom Brady won the XXXVIII. Are you a Tom Brady fan?
He was a great player, and even though he was a voice actor.
He is such an amazing songwriter! I especially like Yellow Submarine and Bag one.
He wrote Star Trek which is a science fiction piece. Do you like that genre?
You might like The Black Dahlia then, it is an action movie. Have you seen it?
I have The Hangover or The Mask, if you haven't heard of them.
You may like The Looking Glass Wars, written by Frank Beddor, if you haven't seen it already.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Pearl Harbor was starred in several movies. Would you like to know some of those?
I am not sure but I can tell you The Last Airbender is related to Pearl Harbor.
Yes the movie was written by steve Kloves
There is. It is directed by Chris Columbus as well.
Gremlins wrote all of the Harry Potter movies. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No problem enjoy it!
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
Yeah, I think he's actually good, but I don't really follow basketball. Who's your favorite player?
It sure does! He was also in Why Did I Get Married Too.
No! I haven't seen it yet. It was really good. Larry Bird and Al Pacino are my favorite.
She wrote the Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
It is a science, similar to The Immortal Life.
You're welcome, enjoy.
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football team based in Denver, Pennsylvania.
The Packer is a quarterback, so I'm not sure of the name
I like Basketball and Football. What about you?
Robert Duvall starred a few Americam Film like tha Apostle, God Father. Have you seen this movie?
The Apostle is a romantic comedy film, some of his other roles were Rick Aviles and Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He is a Swiss professional footballer who plays as a striker for the National Football team.
He did. He's a great golfer.
He was also in Wag the Dog. Have you seen that?
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Would you like to hear more?
The only science fiction movie I can recommend is The Matrix. Have you heard of this one?
The Adjustment Bureau stars Robert De Niro, Teddy Kristiansen, Matt Dillon and Robin Williams. Would you like to know more?
You might also like The Maze Runner. Have you seen that one?
I know he is a quarterback from Texas other than that...
I haven't followed him much either. I do like football. Who is your favorite player?
Did you know he was born in Salinas CA. I've never seen it.
Yes, I haven't read it, but I know that it's a paranormal romance, urban fantasy, young adult fiction book. Is that what you are looking for?
It is and Richelle Mead wrote the Vampire Academy series
She also wrote The Golden Compass which is also very popular
No problem
Divergent is from the Utopian and Dystopian fiction genre. Would you be interested in other books in that genre?
The genre is young-adult fiction.
Sure, The Very Hungry Caterpillar is written by the same author, Have you seen it?
I am sorry, I do not have any information on that.
He also wrote Into the Wild as well.
Yes. He also wrote Ant-Man and The Secret Life of Bees.
He also wrote A Christmas Carol and The Princess and the Frog.
You are welcome.
Bruce Greenwood starred in The Republic of Love with Gary Farmer.
Jackie Burroughs also starred in The Republic of Love with Kate Winslet.
Enjoy!
Are you referring to the football player for the Green Bay Packers?
The Rams have won 3 Super Bowls: XXXI, XIX and VI.
Mike McCarthy also played for the Green Bay Packers. Would you like to know of any other players?
Yes, she won a Nobel Peace Prize. Would you like to know more about her?
I can tell you the Historian is a great suspense book that she wrote if you like.
I don't have any information on that but I can tell you she was influenced by Truman Capote and Vladimir Nabokov.
You are most welcome.
The book was written by Louisal May Alcott. Are you interested in other books by him?
Yes it is. Do you like the book because of the story line?
Yes and it is in the Speculative Fiction genre as well.
Absolutely, enjoy and have a great day.
I am not a big basketball fan but I do know Jay-Z owns the team.
Just like Jason Kidd, he was the NBA Rookie of the Year Award.
That's cool. I've heard the Greek Freak was a good player, huh?
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by Steve Kloves. Would you like to read it?
Yes he did and it was released in 2009
Yes, they both are co-authored by Clint Eastwood.
The Road is a part of a series. The next in the series is The Road. Have you heard of it?
Have you read The Good Dinosaur? It is also part of that series.
They were written by John Scalzi and is a Science Fiction.
He writes fiction as well as science fiction. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure but he did write science fiction as well.
You're welcome!
Do you like Tom Hanks as an actor?
Tom Hanks also stars in Larry Crowne, and Castaway. Have you seen those?
There is! It is considered a historical period drama as well as a comedy. Have you seen that?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes shes a writer, she wrote The Velveteen Rabbit.
She's a great artist, and model. Some of her tracks include "Breathing Lessons" and "Breathing Lessons."
I haven't seen it, but Parks and Recreation is a parody show. Do you like animated?
I'm not sure, but it also starred William Hurt and Kristen Stewart.
Yes, 30 Rock was released in 2010 and is in the English language.
Yeah, she is a talented athlete, a very good football player.
Well, European football... here in America we call it football, but I don't know much about it.
Yeah. She was born in Denver Nuggets. I think he's a woman.
she is a great singer. I love kesha's song Till the World Ends.
Yeah, he is a pretty good singer. I liked her when she came out with the song Shallow Hal.
That's interesting. I think he's from Nashville, too.
Yes you have Go Ask Alice.
It was released in 1936, and it was written by Beatrice Sparks
It was. I don't know much about the movie, but I know it was released in 2003.
No problem. I hope you enjoy it.
Similar to Ray Bradbury, I know he wrote The Martian Chronicles, and The illustrated man
Yes, it is speculative fiction. Would you like a recommendation for another book with this genre?
Yes, they are by Ray Bradbury.
Anything else I can help you with?
Enjoy!
Yes Freakonomics and Horrible Bosses a very funny film
Freakonomics starred James Ransone and Tempestt Bledsoe. Do you like those actors?
Cristiano Ronaldo plays with the Real Madrid C.F. a Portugal national football team.
Really, I don't know much about soccer. Did you know he was born inglouria?
Yes, she is. Did you know she was born in London?
Total Recall is an older movie like Total Recall
Arnold Schwarzenegger actually starred in The Terminator and Predator. Would you like to hear more?
Great question! Arnold Schwarzenegger is playing the role as True Lies.
Ella Enchanted is a children's literature book that was turned into a drama film.
Ella Enchanted is a children's literature genre
Yes, Ella Enchanted is written by Hayao Miyazaki
You are welcome
Sure, Irwin kershner was in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. Great movie!
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was the main star.
William Lucking starred in The Return of a Man Called Horse.
Well, he wrote madame Bovary a romance. Do you like romance books?
Its released in 1856, do you like that book?
Zoe's Tale was released in 2005.
Zoe's Tale is a science fiction book that was released in 2008.
Yes of course it written by Kurt Wimmer do you like his work?
Yes that is correct
I haven't seen that one, is it a crime drama?
Heart of Darkness was written by Joseph Conrad and has genres Novella and Fiction.
Certainly. The Portable Atheist and The Secret Agent were written by him.
It is. I hope you enjoy it.
peter pan
It was released in 1904, the same year that The Land of Life was released.
Yes. Judy Greer and J.M. Barrie also starred in Tuck Everlasting.
No, I don't have any information on that, but I can tell you that Micheal Hague was born in New York.
you're welcome!
Emily Bronte wrote The Hotel New Hampshire and The Robin Hood, have you read either of these?
It truly is a classic! Would you like to hear more about these classics?
Done! Enjoy!
Sure, one that I'm familiar with is David Copperfield. Have you read that one?
Charles Dickens also adapted The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club, Oliver Twist and many more.
You're welcome!
Blood Promise is a young adult fiction book by Richelle Mead.
All I know was written by Richelle Mead.
I believe it is a young adult fiction.
You're welcome!
Sure! He is a Swiss professional tennis player. He played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
Not really, Not so much at all. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Did you know they won the 2012 Olympics?
Blake Griffin is a basketball player from Oklahoma City.
Oh wow, he is alright. Did he play in the Pistons?
Haha, I am not sure. But I can tell you that he is 1st in the NFC South.
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
Recommendations in the Fantasy genre
you are welcome
Yes, The Help was written by Tate Taylor and released in 2007.
Yes she was as well as an actress and a voice actor. She is a voice actor as well. Do you like her?
I believe she has also starred in such films as The Help, a psychological thriller and The Help.
Sure, Joseph Kosinski wrote The Phantom Tollbooth which was written by Peter Kosinski.
Yes he did its an all-time musicals. What is your favorite genre?
Definitely! He has a wonderful voice. Have you seen him?
You're welcome!
Pat Conroy is an author who wrote The Water is Wide and The Prince of Tides.
I'm not sure. What genre do you like?
Flannery O'Conner wrote The Things We Do for Love.
Scise Blood is a children's literature
your welcome
She starred in the movie Aliens
Bill Paxton also starred in Zodiac which is a horror film. Have you seen it?
Absolutely! Robert Duvall and David Oyelowo also starred in Weird Science.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Pride and Prejudice is written by Jane Austen.
Pride and Prejudice has genre Romance novel. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards, Rules of Attraction
There are many good books in this genre, including Twilight and The Chemist.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Paul Verhoeven is a writer, director, and director. He wrote and starred in the movie The Last Man.
He also directed Robocop.
Total Recall is a science fiction/fantasy movie released in 2011.
You're welcome.
Snow White and the Huntsman was written by John Lee Hancock and stars Thomas Lennon. Have you seen it?
Did you know Snow White and the Huntsman was produced by Ray Winstone
Yes, it is a fantasy series. Do you like fantasy?
Angelina Jolie is also in the movie. Have you seen Toy Story?
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I would recommend Transformers: Dark of the Moon and Titan A.E. Have you seen them?
Have you seen the other Hobbit movies?
Sure, the Golden Compass was written by Philip Pullman and stars Simon McBurney.
Sure. Happy to help.
Glad to help.
Yes, Collateral was directed by Tom Cruise .Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he did. It was released in 2014. I'm a fan of Public Enemies.
Sure! I hope that you enjoy the sequel to The Manchurian Candidate, or The Manchurian Candidate.
No problem!
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie. Would you like to hear more?
Dennis Hopper is the main actor, do you like his movies?
Patrick Swayze was also in the movie.
You are welcome.
Yes, it is a Major League Baseball team owned by Bill Neukom. Do you enjoy baseball?
Oh. Didn't they win the World Series?
That is a good team, my all time favorite team!
Denzel Washington, James Wilcox and Denzel Washington star in the Equalizer.
Sure, Chole Grace Moretz starred in The Handmaid's Tale, The Giver, and The Handmaid's Tale.
I'm not sure. I can give it a try.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes! He is a good Table Tennis player. What do you think of him?
Yes, he is from China. Are you a fan?
Yes it is. He was in The Iron Queen. Have you seen that one?
He wrote The Man who was Mark Twain: Images and Ideologies
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer is a great book, as well as The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn is part of a series. Would you like to know more about the series?
Sure. He has written The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, and the Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
Great. Enjoy
Yes, Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Another similar book is Sense and Sensibility.
Pride and Prejudice is one of his most popular novels. Have you read it?
Its a fiction novel, similar to Sense and Sensibility.
The Hunt for Red October was written by Tom Clancy and has been made into a movie. Have you read it?
The genre is Thriller and Drama.
You're welcome!
Ben Stiller wrote Zookeeper and starred in it. This is a romantic comedy
Yeah, he was in Zoolander. It also stars Ben Stiller. He was in it as well.
Yes, he was. Would you like me to add it to your watch list?
Would you like more recommendations?
I am a big fan of hers. Did you see her in the movie Crossroads?
I didn't know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I have seen him in a lot of movies. Have you seen Jerry Maguire? He's a legend!
The Terminal is a drama, so some other dramas that may be similar are The Ring Two and Fateless
It is a thriller, do you like thrillers?
Yes, The Terminal is a comedy-drama. I think you would like it.
You are welcome, enjoy!
sure, he starred in Tom Horn, The War Lover and the Reivers, what genre of films you prefer more his drama or action?
It came out in 2010 and stars William Hurt and Ty Burrell.
Great Escape from New York is starring William Hurt and Kristen Stewart. It's a classic!
You're welcome! Enjoy.
Heart of Darkness was written by Joseph Coonrad and has genres Novella and Fiction. Is that what you are looking for?
Mary Doria Russell is the author.
The Name of the Wind is a picture book written by Eric Carle
Are you interested in the genre of parody or movies that John Cleese is in?
It was released in 1900.
It was written by Baum, but I can't find anything else written by his.
Yes it was the Adventure genre
Sure, here it is!
Yes, I think he is one of the best players in the world, and plays for Juventus F.C.
I'm a big fan, it looks like he has a lot of fun players. I'm a big football fan. How about you?
How are they doing this year?
Yes he is. He's starred in the movie. Do you like horror movies?
Yes, he was in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. Great movie!
Certainly. Anything else I can help you with?
He directed The Perks of Being a Wallflower. Have you seen it?
Stephen Chbosky was in it.
She was. She was also in The Perks of Being a Wallflower.
I'm not sure, but I can check out one of his films.
Your welcome.
Yes I do. It's written by Anne Rice, and stars Brad Pitt and Tom Cruise
Tom Cruise also starred in the X-Men series called The Last Samurai.
Andres Iniesta is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a forward for Spanish club Barcelona and the Spain national team.
I'm not much of a baseball fan, but I do know they are owned by Magic Johnson.
Yes they are a goof team.
That is true. The San Francisco Giants were runner ups in the 2010 World Series. The team is a great team.
Yes it does. It is fun to watch. The San Francisco Giants won the World Series.
Oh, I adore Meryl Streep starred in that. Do you like her work?
Then you might enjoy Aline Bronna. She also wrote V for Vendetta. I think you might like that.
Enjoy.
Sure, Patrick McGoohan starred in an Action/Adventure movie called Treasure Planet.
Yes, Martin Short starred in Treasure Planet. Did you know he also starred in Catwoman?
Sure, The Legend of Zorro stars Hugh Jackman and Martin Short. You may want to check it out.
William Friedkin directed The Hunted, The French Collection, and The Exorcist
It is a biographical film. Would you like to watch it?
No, but you should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee.
You're welcome.
Pearl S Buck wrote The good Earth. Did you know she was born in Buck?
It is a romance. Do you like romance movies?
No, Black-White is in a romance genre.
You are welcome.
I know that Kevin McHale is one of their major players though
I like football, football, and baseball. What about you?
I enjoy watching the Kentucky Derby horse race every May. How about you?
Little Miss Sunshine might be worth a look.
He also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
Little Miss Sunshine has a big cast. He, Eddie Redmayne, Charlize Theron, Jason Flemyng and Brad Pitt.
Alan Arkin also starred in The Mist and The Green Mile.
She is a tennis player right? Is she your favorite tennis player?
She is currently number 66.
You are welcome, thank you.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Sure! Ralph Steadman starred in The Green Mile and The Mouse on the Mile. Have you seen either?
He also wrote a book called Bacalla.
Absolutely, enjoy and have a great day.
Ella Enchanted is a children's literature book that was written by Gail Carson Levine
She also wrote Fairest and The Two Princesses of Bamarre
Yes it is Fantasy it is also a fantasy novel
If you enjoy reading The Two Princesses of Atuan, you may also like The Horse Whisperer by Gail Carson.
I'm not a fan, but I like winners... like the Patriots
I remember he was a quarterback for the Denver Broncos. I think he did a shot this season.
I think he will be a free agent. Is there anything else I can help you with?
He is a football player. He is in the Argentina national football team
He currently plays for the Argentina national football team, but I don't know much about the team.
I agree, they have good players like René Meulensteen and Roger Federer.
Sure, it is a great read. What did you like about it? Jeff Kinney, Jeff Kinney, and Jeff Kinney also wrote The Long Haul
I believe it is a romantic comedy, have you heard of Pink Friday it is another good one?
Enjoy!
Apocalypto is a war film written by Francis Ford Coppola and stars James Franco. Are you a fan of this genre?
He's written Apocalypto which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure! The Passion of the Christ is starring Hristo Shopov as well as Maia Morgenstern.
Sure, no problem!
Divergent is from the Utopian and Dystopian fiction genre. Would you be interested in other films in that genre?
She also wrote Insurgent and Free Four: Tobias Tells the Divergent Story
You are welcome.
Yes, it was released in 2012.
Sure! It was written by Cecelia Ahern and released in 2003. It is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
She also wrote Where Rainbows End.
It is a fiction. I think you would like it.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is in the genre Fantasy. Another movie in the same genre you might like is The Chronicles of Narnia
Cool, it is written by Chris Columbus who also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Philip Pullman wrote the movie and also wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke.
You're welcome!
He directed Cutthroat Island, starring Frank langella, and The Long Kiss Goodnight
Yes you are correct. He also wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight.
It stars Tom Amandes and Zoey Deutch. Do you like them?
You are welcome.
She's a good vocalist. Has roots in Jazz and I like Jazz.
I don't have any favorite singer, but I hear she has a lot of good songs. She's from Nashville, too.
Did you know he was in a relationship with Cameron Diaz?
I'm not really familiar with his work but I know he was influenced by Jojo Moyes. Is there anything else I can help you with?
He also wrote The Man in the Iron Mask and Man in the Iron Mask.
I'm not sure who is in it, but I do know it was written by Stephen King and is a thriller. Do you like his movies?
I do! She's a Danish tennis player, and is a former world No 1 in singles. She's a fantastic player
I agree that Venus is great and her sister Serena is great
Yes, I agree.
They're pretty good, I think Mike Woodson is their coach - right?
Oh, yea he is a good player too. Anything else I can help you with?
I haven't seen it a long time ago. Who is in it?
I know he's an athlete, a footballer from Wales that played on their national football team.
I do, I like Manchester United F.C. I like American football. What about you?
It is a good movie. you should watch it if you like Jerry Maguire.
He wrote The Water is Wide and The Prince of Tides.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
He also wrote The Water is Wide
Your welcome
The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan, the next book in the series is The Titan's Curse.
Sure, It was written by Rick Riordan. He also wrote The Titan's Curse and The Son of Neptune.
No problem. The book's genre is Thriller. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Oh yes! That's a good one. It is written by Stuart M. Kaminsky. What else can I tell you about it?
Well it was written by Stuart M. Kaminsky and is in the genre of adventure. So it's a great combination of genres.
Of course! Once Upon a Time in the West was written by Mickey Knox. Would you like to know more about this one?
It is written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
The Good, the Bad and the Ugly is a good drama movie, have you seen it?
The Manchurian Candidate was written by Robert Mulligan, and is in the Crime genre.
A older version called The Manchurian Candidate. It was released in 2008.
That is a Zombie Film starring Leonardo DiCaprio. Are you a fan?
Yes he is a composer/DJ. Some of his work is Where Have You Been and Yeah x3. Do you know his work?
he is signed as a DJ.
Andy Murray is a great player, but I think they have seen him play once. Are you a fan?
I like tennis and tennis. I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer. What about you?
I think the only famous tennis player I like is Venus and Serena Williams.
She wrote The Words, One with Me, and Ariel. Do you like her books?
I highly recommend it as a Non-fiction book
You are welcome
You like Rob Riggle? He starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Hangover. He was also in The Lorax.
I don't know what songs she is, but I do like The Weeknd. Do you like The Weeknd?
Yes, you're right. I'm a huge fan of Snoop Dogg, but I haven't heard anything from her.
I haven't heard of Shakira, but I do like Sia Furler, too. I like her too. I guess she's kind of a casual fan of Selena Gomez, so I like her too.
It's a good one! I haven't heard anything from her. I'll have to check it out!
All I know is he is a cricket player from Dehli. Are you a fan?
What sport do you like?
Yes, she was in Scream 4.
Absolutely! Bob Peck starred on Jurassic Park, Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow. Have you seen those?
That is correct! Bill Paxton also starred in Tower Heist.
That's a great movie! Kevin Costner and Kevin Costner are also in it as well. I think you might like it.
That's right! It was released in 1989 as well.
Of it's genres, do you prefer Fantasy or Adventure?
Certainly, I recommend World War Z and White Fang. Have you seen those?
It's a classic, released in 2004 and directed by James Cameron. It's pretty good!
Yes Kevin Zegers also starred in the Science Fiction film Zoom. Have you seen it?
No problem!
Can You Keep a Secret? was written in English by Sophie Kinsella, and was released in 2003. Would you like to know more?
Sophie Kinsella also wrote Wedding Night and Twenties Girl
Her genre is drama and crime. Her genre is also Comedy.
Would you like to know anything else about it?
Sure, have a great day
I think he plays cricket. Is that correct?
I am not a fan, but I have heard he plays for the India national cricket team.
Well, it looks like Ashwin is from India. I've heard he's a top player in the world right now.
Sure, did you like Sharp Objects because it was written by Gillian Flynn, or because it was the genre Suspense/Mystery?
I'm not sure, but it was released in 2002. She also wrote Sharp Objects and Dark Places.
It is. It's in the same genre as Sharp Objects and Dark Places.
Sure! Dominic Copper starred in Warcraft and The History Boys.
Yes, it is a musical.
Kevin Corrigan and Michael Stuhlbarg starred in Warcraft.
You're welcome.
Anne-Marie is a singer. Is that who you mean?
I think they hang in there as they finally got into the World Series recently after losing back in 1945!
Wow, I had no idea. Who is their coach now?
No, I've never heard of it. Its pretty cool.
That's great. I'm a Packers fan, but my husband loves the Giants.
It came out in 2013, but I'm not sure of the exact date.
Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger. Have you heard of either of these books?
Louis Sachar also wrote Wayside School is Falling Down which is an Indie film have you seen it?
I believe it is a children's literature. Do you like children's literature?
Yes, he is. He was the winner of the 2005 PGA Championship and the 2010 Masters Tournament, he also starred in the movie Tin Cup
Anything else I can tell me about Phil Mickelson? I think he is from Chico.
I agree. He is a great actor. He also starred in Tin Cup. Would you like to see it?
Great! Weeds was released in 2013 and is a comedy. I highly recommend it!
The Time Machine is a place to start.
It was released in 1980 and The Time Machine was the first part of a series, the next is The War of the Worlds.
Nope, I haven't seen it yet. Can you tell me more about his movies?
You're welcome enjoy
It has not been made into a movie yet but I will add it to your watch list. Thank you!
I like James Harden he is a Basketball Athlete, and a shooting guard, have you seen him play?
I think that is correct. I never heard of him, he is a good player
You are welcome. Have a great day.
They're a great baseball team but I love the Houston Astros.
The Yankees play at Memorial Stadium. I've heard they're pretty good.
Of course, it looks like they are playing the Red Sox and won the World Series in 2012. What sport do you like?
The one that comes to mind is Into the Wild. It's starring Matt Damon. Have you seen it?
i know Robert Bloch and Zach Galifianakis starred in the movie, but the movie was based on the book.
A recent one is The Trouble with Harry Potter. Have you heard of it?
I am not familiar with the football club. I don't follow soccer. Is that your opinion?
Yes, he is. Are you a fan of the team?
Do you know if they are on the same team or do you like football?
Sure. The movie Rocky was written by Sylvester Stallone and stars Rocky. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
He also starred in The House of Mirth and Lolita, have you seen any of these?
Creed is a thriller, while Creed was directed by Aaron Sorkin.
You're welcome!
Michael Crichton wrote the book Disclosure. Does this interest you?
The Great Train Robbery is a fantasy, speculative fiction and fantasy book.
Happy to help!
I'm not sure, but it's a drama directed by Ridley Scott.
Emile Hircsh, Arjun Rampal
He also played in the Thriller There's Something About Mary
Jane Austen, the author of Northanger Abbey was born in Steventon and also wrote Pride and Prejudice.
Pride and Prejudice is another one of her most popular romance novels.
Sure, the Looking Glass Wars is a great book, as well as romance.
The Time Machine was written by H.G. Wells, who also wrote Pride and Prejudice.
Have you seen Jurassic World? Colin Trevorrow wrote that.
It is considered adventure, comedy, drama.
You may like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee and Kyla Pratt.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I liked him in Things Behind The Sun. Did you see that?
I think you'll like it. It's a drama/mystery.
Yes it is. It's a drama and a biography.
That's great! I think you'd enjoy it.
They're pretty good. They were runners up in the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Hugh Jackman played the mascot. Do you like him?
Have you seen White House Down? It was pretty good.
He has directed Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. Great movie!
He also directed Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that. Are you interested in any other films he was in?
Gillian Flynnn. She's from the United States.
Gillian Flynn also wrote Sharp Objects, Dark Places, and Dark Places.
What Do You Do is a Romance novel? is that a historical novel.
Yes, I agree.
Yes I like science fiction. I am also into X-Men 2.
Great. Enjoy your reading!
Ravichandran Ashwin is a star athlete. He plays cricket. Do you like cricket?
I don't know much about him, other than he is from Delhi. Do you like cricket?
I haven't heard much about Ashford, but he won an award for Cricket.
I have not, but I heard they are a very popular sport in the U.S. I've seen the game and it's pretty exciting. Have you been to any game?
Charlize Theron and Virat Kohli are my favorite cricket team. Do you like cricket?
You too!
I don't know too much about them but i do know they play for the southwest division of basketball
It is a drama. Looper is also a film written by Kiera Cass.
Yes, Warlock is a great movie. If you like Warlock, you might also like The Purge
It is a zombie movie. If you like zombie movies, you might also like Zero Dark Thirty.
Great. Anything else I can help you with?
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio, do you like his work?
He also wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
Erich Maria Remarque wrote Arc de Triomphe her work is influenced by Immanuel Kant and Henri Barbusse to name a few. Would you like to hear more?
I think it was originally published in 1929 and is in English.
Yes, it is. It is in English and in English.
You are welcome. Have a wonderful day.
I know she is great at tennis and is dating golfer, Rory McIlroy
She plays tennis, and was recently lost to Maria Sharapova and both the Williams sisters.
Yes, Williams sisters are a famous tennis player from Denmark. They have lost matches to my faves Serena and Venus.
Yes I love it. I like tennis better than tennis.
Oh yea, that's great. I like fashion movies and football. How about you?
Is that written by Tennessee Williams, and part of the Southern Gothic genre?
Tennessee Williams also wrote Cat on a Hot Tin Roof and The Glass Menagerie
Williams also wrote Cat on a Hot Tin Roof and The Glass Menagerie
you are welcome
Sure! Do you like books by Tana French? She also wrote The Likeness.
In the Woods is part of a series. The next in the series is The Likeness.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He wrote Thirteen Moons and The Words. Have you heard of those books?
He has been in a number of films including The Warrior's Way, The Man with the Iron Fists, and Tropic Thunder.
Sure, David Ayer is the lead actor, director, producer, and screenwriter
Sure, Welcome to the Monkey House and We Have Faces
No problem
I do! I know Mike Zimmer and Leslie Frazier are the coach. Do you like them?
The Vikings are second in the NFC North along with the New Orleans Saints. Do you follow any sports?
How are the Chiefs doing this year?
Andrew Garfield starred in The Social Network and The Amazing Spider Man 2.
Tom Everett and Steve Buscemi starred in The Social Network
It is considered a Biographical Drama and Thriller.
It was released in 2010. That is the same year The Social Network was released.
It is a drama, and a biography genre.
Titanic was written by Andrew Garfield. Anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome. Have a great day!
Sure Ang Lee starred in Hollywood Chinese with Wayne Wang and Directed The Ice Storm starring Tobey Maguire.
I did not know that. Tobey Maguire also starred in The Ice Storm with Tom Hanks.
He also wrote The Ice Storm and another movie called The Fault in Our Stars.
Brisingr is a young-adult fiction book written by Christopher Paolini and released in 2014.
Yes, Paolini has written a few fiction/fantasy type books including Eldest.
You are very welcome, please enjoy
Yes The Girl of Fire and Thorns by Rae Carson. What else can I do for you?
It was released in 2016. Do you like thrillers?
Well, it is a historical novel. Enjoy!
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion, which was released 1817
Persuasion is the only one that I know of but I see it was released in 1817. Would you like to hear more?
Yeah, I have. Would you like to read that one?
I believe she plays professional badminton. I remember when I heard that people played badminton professionally, I couldn't believe it. I used to play all the time as a kid.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
The only information I have on that information is that it was the number one player in the team.
Malcolm Gladwell also wrote What the dog saw and other Adventures.
He directed Seven Psychopaths and the Oscar nominated Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri, just released last year.
Yes, he was a scientist and born in Luis Borges.
Sure, he directed The Great Debaters which is a Science Fiction Film. Have you seen that?
Robin Williams starred in The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. Have you seen that one?
Have you seen We Bought A Zoo? It's a great family movie.
We Bought A Zoo stars Sarah Dessen, Cameron Crowe, and Cameron Crowe.
Will do happy to help out!
I sure do! Have you read The Homer's The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York, or Leigh Brackett?
Sure. Another example of an epic poetry is The Stars My Destination, The Iliad, or Invisible Man.
Yes, they have a lot of good works. It's considered a classic.
I'm not a big football fan but I do like the Seahawks. Who is your favorite player?
That's right! I think the Giants have made it to the NFL as well.
They have a good season, but I'm not sure about that. Do you have a favorite team?
Yes it's a very good movie. I have seen it. It stars Sandra Bullock and Ryan Reynolds.
She stars in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse.
Sure, that was released in 2012 and stars Denzel Washington
He wrote The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October.
Alive is the new one it has been made into a film.
It is! It was recently made into a movie. Have you heard of it?
They are owned by The Madison Square Garden Company. Are you a fan?
The owner is Mike Woodson
They are a part of the NFL, just like the Washington Redskins
You're welcome
Sure, it was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Ralph Fiennes and Colin Farrell.
I couldn't find any information on Colin Farrell in but I do know he was in Thirteen Ghosts and The Colditz Story. Have you seen those?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on those movies.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
John Fox, Jim Henson, and Antoine Wright starred in the movie. Do you know any of them?
Sure, it has Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, and Michelle Rodriguez in it. Do you like them?
No, I'm not into that genre. Would you like to hear about other movies starring Gary Scott Thompson?
I agree. Matt Schulza was in Terminator Salvation. Have you seen that one?
Thank you
Have you seen the whole series? Do you like Sci-Fi?
I think it is based on the book.
Is there anything else I can help with?
No problem!
Sure, He's an athlete, a professional golfer from Dallas, Texas.
I didn't know that. Is that where he played?
Yes it is. Do you know if Jordan was in the Hall of Fame?
Yes, I am. She wrote I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings which is a comedy.. Have you seen it?
Yes, she's also written V for Vendetta and Nineteen Eighty-Four.
Sure, it was first published in 1851 just after Maya Angelou it's a series.
Will do! I hope you enjoy them!
Sure, he wrote она и мир.
James Franco is a wonderful actor. His most well-known role is probably from Spiderman with Toby McGuire. Have you seen that version?
Yes, This is the End is a comedy starring Evan Goldberg. He also directed Pineapple Express. Have you seen it?
It is a comedy. Do you like comedys?
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy!
You're welcome!
He plays football right? I'm not really a soccer fan.
No, I'm a fan of the sport. What team do you like?
Yeah that was great, I'm a big football fan myself. Did you see that one?
I really liked Doctor Zhivago too! He's a great actor. I liked him in Scream 4. It's a great movie.
Sure, it was written by Rick Riordan and is a young-adult fiction book.
Yes he did it was a fantasy book and it was released in 2008
It was released in 2011 and is a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy books?
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society
there is no information about that
Mary Ann Shaffer starred in The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society
I do! I really like him in Imagine That. Have you seen it?
Ray Bradbury wrote many books. What kind od genre are you interested in? Speculative fiction, Short Stories
I'm not sure, but Fahrenheit 451 is written by Ray Bradbury
The Bradbury Chronicles was published in 1851, have you read it?
Sure, enjoy the book
He plays for FC Barcelona, right? Other than that, I do not know much.
No, I haven't. Do you have any idea of him?
I love Adam Sandler in that movie. How about you?
Definitely. Grown Ups is a great movie, too. It's a Historical period drama like Summer of Sam.
Yes she was. Frida Hayek was in Frida too.
Joe Morton wrote What Lies Beneath and Thoughtcrimes. Would you like to know more?
You may like Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee.
Great! Total Recall is also a fantasy movie. Have you seen it?
You're welcome
Yes, she is a famous badminton player from India. Are you a fan?
Yes, he competed in the 1992 and 2012 Olympics.
Yes he is from there as well.
Thor was written by Chris Hemsworth and stars Scarlett Johansson. Do you like the actor or genre?
Yes and if you like Thor, there are many good ones, have you seen the Avengers: Age of Ultron?
Great! He starred in some good movies such as The Incredible Hulk, The Avengers, and Guardians of the Galaxy.
I would recommend The Incredible Hulk, The Avengers and Guardians of the Galaxy.
Eric Brees is a writer, poet, author. He wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non'Believer. He is also a screenwriter
The Butterfly Effect is a psychological thriller that you might like.
I don't have that information right now. I can tell you that The Butterfly Effect was a psychological thriller that was released in 1999. It is a very good movie.
William Lee Scott wrote, directed and produced The Final Destination 2. He also directed the film Into the Wild.
Sure, October Sky is a Crime Fiction Thriller directed by Eric Brees. It is about a mentally challenged gentleman who gets plugged into a virtual reality world and becomes a super genius, psycho.
You are welcome. Happy viewing!
I've seen her in the movie Crossroads and Crossroads. I liked her in the movie Crossroads.
Seth Rogen and Danny McBride also starred in it. It's a great movie.
It was a movie that also stars Pauly Shore is Dead
300 is directed by him.
300 is a fantasy that's which is also a biography.
300 stars Tika Sumpter and Thomas Lennon.
Came Love and David Opatoshu starred in this movie.
Yes! It's a good series. Kill Bill: Vol. 1 is a Thriller. Do you like Kill Bill: Vol. 1?
Vivica A Fox, David Carradine and Christian Bale starred in it. It was directed by Quentin Tarantino
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion, which was released 1817
Yes it is. Another one is Sense and Sensibility. Have you read that one?
Yes it is a good example of Sense and Sensibility.
Sure, it is written by Cassandra Clare and a young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
The best one known by her is The Mortal Instruments
I'm not sure but the book was made into a movie.
Tom Cruise starred in Mission impossible Rogue Nation so if you like him he also starred in Valkyrie.
Tom Cruise is right and he was in Days of Thunder too.
Sure. You might enjoy The Last Samurai or World War Z.
You are welcome
I think that is their quarterback. I'm a Packers fan so I don't know much. Are you a Packers fan?
I like the Redskins, I think their head coach is Mike McCarthy
Yeah, I'm a Niners fan. They're a Lakers fan, but lost their game today. How about you?
The book was written by Jodi Picoult, who also wrote The Plain Truth.
There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts
No, I don't have any information on that one.
I watch from time to time but I don't even know much about soccer. Are you a soccer fan?
I heard Thomas Müller is on the team, and he is a great player.
I agree, it is always a good sport to watch.
Sure, she wrote The Sweet Far Thing, The Diviners and The Diviners.
The Sweet Far Thing is speculative fiction and The Diviners is fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
I'm sorry I don't have anything else in the fantasy genre but I do have Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Yes Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
No, but Milan Kundera is from the Czech Republic of Poland.
No problem. Anything else I can help with?
I know he is a quarterback from Texas other than that...
I'm not sure, but I do know that they're coached by Tom Benson.
You are welcome.
Yes she is professional Golfer born in Hawaii
Yes there is. He was born in Honolulu.
Wow, I did not know that. Thanks for the info.
Yes, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like action/adventure films?
Great question! Some of the actors include Rick Aviles and Jodi Foster.
Sure, it was released in 1999 and starred Jeff Bridges.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Isn't he married to Cameron Diaz who starred in Shrek 2?
Wow, I didn't know that. I think he was once linked to Michael Jackson.
I think I'm not sure, but I think he is now a musician.
Sure! Do you like animated Disney films?
Have you seen the Star Wars Holiday Special?
The Running Man, The Time Traveler's Wife, and The Purge
She wrote The Ship of Brides and also The One Plus One. Have you read either one?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books, would you be interested in others in the series?
I have not, but would you like to know more about The Wonderful Wizard of Oz?
I haven't read them but I've heard they're very good. I will have to check them out.
I like Rafael Nadal, he's a great tennis player. He's a great tennis player.
I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer. What about you?
I think Marat Safin was a midfielder on that team as well!
You're welcome
Sure! Arthur Conan wrote some of the most popular books titled : The Return of Sherlock Holmes, The Lost World, and The Valley of Fear.
It is from the beginning of a series. Did you know Arthur Conan Doyle also wrote The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes?
Glad to help! Enjoy!
He wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke. Do you like his work?
Have you read The Golden Compass or Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban?
Yea, I think you're welcome.
The Insurgent is written by Veronica Roth. Would you like to know more about her?
She also wrote Insurgent and The Name of the Rose
Yes it was released in 2012. Free Four: Tobias Tells the Divergent Story is a genre of Speculative fiction.
You are welcome. You are welcome.
I have heard of him he composed Jar of Hearts didn't he?
I like all of her music. She wrote A Thousand Years and Lovestrong right?
Certainly, she did star in the movie A Thousand Years.
Sure, are you a fan of Chris Hemsworth?
He also starred in The Matrix Revisited.
No problem!
Yes. Have you read The Tenth Circle? I highly recommend you checking out.
Well she also wrote Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts. Have you read those?
Where There's Smoke is a genre of Romance and Fictional.
I do! He's a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Spanish club Real Madrid and the Brazil national team.
Yes I do. Who is your favorite player?
The Patriots are my favorite team, I think. What about you?
The Cleveland Browns are fourth in the AFC North division for the 2018 season. Is that your favorite team?
Oh, okay, I know he was a quarterback for the Cowboys. Did you know he won the NFL Offensive Player of the year?
I don't know much about the Browns, but I know they won the championship six different times recently!
Sure, Peter Weir directed Dead Poets Society which is a thriller and drama,
Yes he did and Peter Weir also directed Witness.
She's a good actress. I liked her in Princess Protection Program and Spring Breakers.
I like her too. Have you seen her in the movie Spring Breakers
Of course! Lois Lowry is the author of this book, it is a fantasy.
Sure. Lois Lowry also wrote; Gathering Blue, Anastasia Krupnik, and The Giver. Would you like to know more?
Yes, it is a book written by Lois Lowry and is a Science Fiction. It is part of the Ender's Game series.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
You are welcome.
Yes. Rosemary Wells wrote Charlotte's Web which has co-authors like Garth Williams and E.B. White.
It was! Rosemary Wells also wrote Charlotte's Web, which is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
You are welcome!
Sure, Bradly Cooper starred in The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes and The Pacifier, have you seen those?
Pauly Shore is one of his great comedy films. Have you heard of him?
Sure. Submarine is written by Michael McKean, and stars William Windom and Kate Winslet.
He was in Star Wars: Episode II - Attack of the Clones.
You are welcome.
Sure that was written by Douglas Adams and he wrote Life, the Universe and Everything too.
Douglas Adams also wrote Mostly Harmless and he wrote The Restaurant at the End of the Universe.
Yes, it was released in 1996 and is a Fiction, Speculative Fiction.
Sure! The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul is a suspense book written by Adams. Should I add it to your list?
Absolutely! Is there anything else I can help with?
I like contemporary R & B but I like Beyonce more.
X-Men Apocalypse Now is very popular and has a lot of action in it.
I like them a lot. I'm a big fan of alternative rock, but what about you?
I think they are a pretty good team. Do you like Football?
Yes, he was. Did you know he was a linebacker?
I'm a fan of sports. I like hockey and baseball. What about you?
Well, James Frain who is in it is also in Transit (Crime Fiction Film).
It's a science fiction action movie similar to TRON: Legacy.
You are welcome.
L.A. Confidential is a thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like thrillers?
Suicide Squad is similar but it is a thriller like L.A. Confidential.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Taxi Driver is starring Charlize Theron. She's a great actress.
Sure, it is a comedy too. Meet the Parents is a classic, it is also a comedy.
Yes, that is correct. Denzel Washington also starred in Safe House which is a very good drama. Have you seen that one?
No problem!
Sure! He wrote Unlawful Entry which is a really good movie.
Yes that's correct. He also starred in Avalon High which is Fantasy. Do you like that genre?
You may like Shooting the Past. It is also a Fantasy Film.
The Pianist is a drama. Would you like to hear about other dramas?
You are welcome. Enjoy!
I am not a huge tennis fan but I do know that she has beaten Wozniacki before.
No, I had no idea. What genre is that?
American Gangster also starred Brad Pitt, Adam Sandler and Kevin Spacey.
I'm not sure where Serena is. Can you tell me more about her?
He directed the movie The Illusionist. Were you aware that it's a thriller?
It's a thriller. Neil Burger also directed The Illusionist.
You might like The Illusionist. Rufus Sewell and Neil Burger starred in it.
You're welcome.
Sure, Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Chasing Vermeer is in the fantasy genre, along with a few other dramas. Do you like fantasy?
It was written by J.R.R. Tolkien. He also wrote Paper Towns.
Certainly!
Sure, another book like Silence would be Broken Silence.
It was released in 2004. It's also a film.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! Did you like Pandemonium because it is a speculative fiction genre?
Some other great books in the speculative genre are Zoe's Tale and Xenocide.
It was written by Robert Zemeckis. Would you like to read it?
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I love her music! Did you know she is friends with Sean Penn?
Yes that is true. It's a good one. I'm a huge fan of Madonna's music lover. She did write Vanilla Ice too.
I think so. It was a good relationship with Selena Gomez.
Yeah, you should check it out. It's very funny.
That's cool. I'll add it to my watch list.
Sure, that was written by Joel Coen, who also wrote True Grit.
No, I don't have that information.
Of course, have a great day!
It is written by Henning Koch and released in 2012.
Yes it is in English.
Britt-Marie var här written by them and released in 2014.
Sure, James Patterson wrote Zoo and You've Been Warned as well as many others. Are you a fan of either?
Sorry, I don't have any more information on him.
It's a fiction novel by Agatha Christie.
Do you like the movie because it is a romantic comedy?
He's been in The Polar Express. That's a great movie too.
It's directed by Tom Hanks. He also directed Larry Crowne. He's also in it too!
You're welcome!
Darren Aronofsky wrote Requiem for A Dream along with Hubert Selby Jr.
It is a drama, with Channing Tatum and Evan Rachel Wood
Requiem of a Dreams starring Mickey Rourke is a comedy. He also starred in The Wrestler.
Yes, he directed Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that?
Sure, some of the actors in Apocalypse Now are Ty Burrell, William Devane and William H. Macy.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
Sure it was released in 2005 starring Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie Pitt. It is a Romantic Comedy do you like this genre?
It is a comedy starring Matt Damon. Are you interested in seeing it?
Of course! Other thrillers I recommend are; Shark Night, xXx: State of the Union, and Zodiac.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes I do. She wrote The Pillars of the Earth and Captian America: The Winter Soldier.
Eddie Redmayne also starred in The Wedding Date too. Have you seen that movie?
It's a romance, similar to The Wedding Date. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I have not really followed them much as it seems they float around between the AFL and the NFL.
They are ok. Who is your favorite team?
Beatty was a good coach. What sport do you like?
Yes, Charlize Theron and Zoe Kravitz star in it. It's a great sci-fi movie.
Yes he did, she also starred in Mad Max: Fury Road. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he is also in Justice league and he has a genre of Drama
I'm not sure but it does have a genre of Mystery and Action.
You're welcome.
E Lockhart wrote The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks, and The City of Ember. Have you read any of those yet?
It was first released in 1936
The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks
You're welcome
Do you like it because it is a drama or a crime movie?
Sure! It's a young adult fiction book. DO you like that genre?
Yes it is. It's also a film.
It was definitely a foreign film. Another good one by Leonard Goldberg is The Shark Night.
Ok will do. Enjoy!
I know he's an athlete, a footballer from Wales that played on their national football team.
It's a Midfielder, actually. Have you heard of him?
No, I didn't.
She is a singer, songwriter, and musician. Is she what you are looking for?
I love her music. Have you heard it?
I'm sorry, I do not know much about her music. I'm sorry.
Yes, Misery is written by Anne Frank. It's a crime fiction. Do you like that genre?
I have not seen that one, but if you like The Silence of the Lambs I think you will like This Lullaby.
Yes, I like him in The Silence of the Lambs. I think I have seen that one. It's a good one.
Emily Griffin is an American professional basketball player for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association
It was released in 2012 and written in English.
It's a great movie, one of my favorite actors. Stephen Fry was in it, and it was released in 1996.
You're welcome.
Kazuo Ishiguro wrote Never let me go.
I'm sorry, I unfortunately don't have that information.
No, Zoe's Tale. It is a speculative science fiction.
Your welcome
I know he played football, but I don't know much about him
He plays the position of Forward
Mr. Lewandowski was born in Warsaw
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren. what else can i do for you today?
Sure! The Selection is a Series of series and the next in the series is The Siren, The Queen. Do you like thrillers?
Okay, I hope you enjoy it!
You are welcome. Have a great day!
Sure. X-men is an action film, and a sci-fi flick. Do you like those kinds of films?
I agree, Action was great! If you like Action, you might also enjoy The Running Man or The Dead Zone.
Hugh Jackman and Jennifer Lawrence starred in it. If you haven't seen it I'm sure you will love it.
I agree! Tom Everett and Steve Buscemi also star in this show.
Sure, Gone Girl is a Thriller, other Thrillers include Graduation Day and Das Boot. Have you heard of those?
It was released in 2013 and is in the English language. Is that what you're looking for?
You're welcome!
Life of Pi is written by Yann Martel. What else can I do for you?
It was written by Orson Scott Card and starred in it. It was released in 1994.
It is a Fiction, similar to Zoe's Tale.
It is a historical novel that was written by Tipping Point Point.
Malcolm Gladwell also wrote What the dog Saw and Other Adventures, including What the dog Saw and Other Adventures.
Yes. Malcolm Gladwell also wrote Outliers: The Story of Success. Would you like to know more?
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Sure! Doug Liman directed both Fair Game and The Bourne Identity. Have you seen either of those?
Fair Game has a genre of Drama
White House Down is a great action film.
Ed Harris is the star of Fair Game
He directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, and Amadeus. Would you like to see something he was in?
Yes he did, that's a historical fiction. Have you seen that?
Yes, he has been added. Have a nice day.
Sure! The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe was written by C. S. Lewis and released in 1953. I think you'd like it too.
The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe was released in 1951. It's considered a fantasy book, so I highly recommend it.
Sure! The Silver Chair was released in 1953. It is part of the series, The Chronicles of Narnia series.
You're welcome!
He is a cricket player, right?
I am not a big fan of cricket but I do know he's married to Gisele Bundchen, is that your favorite?
Is he a good player? I never heard of him.
I love Adam Levine. Maroon 5 is one of my favorite bands.
I am not sure about that movie, but I know he starred in The White Album
He has starred in movies like There's Something About Mary, Fight Club, and The Voice
It was written by James Frey. Do you enjoy speculative fiction?
Sure, he wrote One Named Jackie and The Big Lebowski. Have you read either of those?
You are welcome. Its a great book.
Awesome. Have a good day
Michael Crichton is not only an author but a film producer and director as well. He wrote the book Disclosure. Does this interest you?
he has written alot of science fiction
it is a drama
you're welcome!
I think he is a talented footballer, did you know he plays for FC Bayern Munich?
I am not a huge sports fan but I do know he is a Midfielder. What is yours?
There's a lot of excitement that comes to mind, like basketball. Who is your favorite team?
Sure! Ken Kesey wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest & he starred in Go Further.
Yes he is both a writer and a writer. He wrote The Grim Grotto.
Unfortunately, I don't have any more information on Sometimes a Great Notion.
Sure! Added book to your list. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, Paulo Coelho wrote The Alchemist and The Pilgrimage. Would you like to know more about these?
He also wrote The Virgin Suicides and The Silver Chair.
It's a fiction.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Yes, G.O. Tom Brady is a professional footballer who plays as a point guard for the Dallas Mavericks.
Matt Damon and Dane Cook also starred in it. It's a comedy.
Eva Mendes also starred in the movie A.I Artificial Intelligence
Yes it was written by Steven Zaillian and stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Francis Ford Coppola. Are you a fan of war films?
Bruce Willis was the lead in American Sniper. He was also in the movie The Power of Six. Have you seen it?
It is a drama and a comedy. It's really good!
You're welcome!
Yes, I do! What's your favorite movie by him?
Sure. Gangs of New York starring Robert De Niro is in the genre of sci-fi.
You might like The Handmaid's Tale which also starred Robert De Niro.
You might enjoy The Warrior's Way, it is in the comedy genre.
Sure. It also stars Matthew Broderick. If you like him, you might also like The Handmaid's Tale.
No, it also stars Katie Lowes, who is also in The Handmaid's Tale.
You're welcome. I'm happy to help.
Yes, I do it is written by Joel Coen and starring Tom Hanks.
Yes he is. He also wrote The Bell Jar and The Picture of Dorian Gray.
Larry Crowne is a romantic comedy and so is That Thing You Do. Have you seen it?
Larry Crowne is a Romance Film.
Yes, it is a great comedy. You should give it a try, it is really funny.
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
Yes I do! I like Star Wars, in general, the Harry Potter Movies, and The Prisoner of Azkaban.
Yes Liam Neeson also starred in Wrath of the Titans and Unknown.
The Lord of the Rings was produced by J.R.R. Tolkien.
Any time! Enjoy!
The Cleveland Browns are fourth in the AFC North division for the 2018 season. I think their owner Randy Lerner would be happier with a better place.
Yes, the same year they won the 2012 PGA Championship. They are fun to watch.
I like the Dallas Cowboys, but I'm a fan of theirs. They have gone to the Superbowl for a while. They have gone to a few years ago.
Good for them on winning the World Series although I am not a baseball fan. Are you a Red Sox fan?
I believe that is correct he was from Monmouth Beach. Have you ever watched the World Series?
Who doesn't like Wayne or Verona?
I did not see that one, I will have to check it out. Thanks for the information.
John Seelye wrote The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, A Princess of Mars and some more.
Yes he did. He also wrote The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson.
You are welcome. Glad I could help.
Did you like the movie because it was written by Veronica Roth?
Great, if you like Divergent you might like The Hunger Games or The Giver.
anything else i can help you with?
Sure, Do you like Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets because it's an adventure movie?
It starred Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Yeah, she is awesome. I like her song Into the Wild. Did you know Nicki Minaj was friends with Tyga?
Okay, I'll have to check out one of her music. Maybe you're interested in listening to it?
I m not sure, but I know she is married to Shoaib Malik.
Are you referring to the book written by Jhumpa Lahiri
Yes I do, Unaccustomed Earth is a fiction. It's part of the series.
It is also a thriller, so you might like Shark Night.
Dr. Seuss wrote The Lorax and The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss. Do you like the author or genre?
Theodore Lesieg also wrote The Lorax.
It was released in 1999
There is a Vampire Mysteries series, if you like
not a problem
I'm not a huge fan of the Kansas City Chiefs, but I watched their Superbowl IV win. Did you watch it?
My favorite team is the New England Patriots. What is yours?
It was written by Kazuo Ishiguro and it is a Science fiction book. Do you like Science Fiction?
He also wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
Yes he did. It's a movie starring Robert Duvall, and James Coburn.
Great! I hope you enjoy them both.
My favorite is Gangster Squad.
It was released in 1946
It is a crime drama
Your welcome
Luftslottet som sprängdes was written by Stieg Larsson, and Reg Keeland.
You may be interested in Luftslottet som sprängdes, have you read that one?
Yes, Agatha Christie wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes, have you read it?
Akira Kurosawa is one of my favorites! He directed Seven Samurai and directed Seven Samurai. Do you want to hear more titles?
From what I can tell, he directed Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
Two of my favorites are Yojimbo and Ran.
Anytime, have a great day.
The Good, the Bad, the Weird is a great one similar to Oldboy.
Confessions is a horror film. what else can i answer for you?
Charlie's Angels & Demons is a good comedy. what else can i do for you?
you are welcome
They're OK, I'm a Niners fan, but I like their coach Wayne Weaver. Do you like them?
I also like the Steelers.
What can you tell me about the Redskins?
I do, he wrote Moonwalker which is a very popular song.
Yes, Men in Black II is a good movie. It was directed by Roland Emmerich and it is a comedy.
He was also in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and Gone with the Wind.
Yeah, Scream is a horror. Do you like Horror films?
You might like World War Z, or Zulu. Those are some really good films.
If you like Brad Pitt, I recommend a good one called Space Jam, it is also a horror film.
I do! My favorite player is Sam Horn. Do you like baseball?
It's a good team. If you like Orioles, you might also enjoy the Orioles game.
No. They're only one game up in the AFC West division.
He is best known for his movie Night Watch, and then he also wrote Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter.
Sure, it is a horror film directed by Brian De Palma and is considered a thriller.
Great, I think you'll enjoy it!
Oh yes! Bryan Singer directed The Usual Suspects, X-Men, X-Men 2 , Superman Returns and more. Are you interested in any of these?
X-Men 2 stars Hugh Jackman. Would you like to hear more about it?
That's right! He also wrote The Wolverine, which is a thriller.
He's theg guy that wrote, The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide: Five Complete Novels and One Story, am I right?
It was released in 1986, the same year as The Handmaid's Tale
I can tell you that The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy was also released that year, and the genre is fiction.
ok great enjoy!
What a great movie! Are you a fan of Marlon Brando?
Ok he wrote Apocalypse Now, which was directed by Robert Duvall.
Marlon Brando starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
Great! She starred in The Godfather, and he's been in a number of movies.
Yes, he also wrote The Godfather II.
You might enjoy The Godfather, or The House of Mirth, if you like dramas.
They are a strong team in the NFL. Their coach Mike McCarthy is really talented. I wonder if they will make the Super Bowl this year.
Oh wow, I know that. What sport do you like?
Which team do you like most of them?
They're pretty good! They were runner ups in the Super Bowl XLI. Are you a Bears fan?
Yea, I'm a Bears fan myself! Does that sound like something that you would be interested in?
I like baseball too! What's your favorite team?
500 Days of Summer was written by Zooey Deschanel
They both starred in Beautiful Creatures, The Secret Life of Bees, and Beautiful Oblivion.
Yes, it was a Lie. It was released in 2013. It's considered a drama as well.
Yes, The Namesake is written by Jhumpa Lahiri, have you read this one yet?
Have you read The Namesake or The Dolphins of Pern. They were both written by the same author.
It's a science fiction novel by American writer Orson Scott Card.
Certainly, enjoy!
Thomas F. Wilson starred in Zoom. are you into Science Fiction movies?
Thomas F. Wilson also starred in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie as well.
Enjoy!
Blake Shelton was in The Christmas Blessing, He also composed for the movie Footloose
His record label is Ultra Music. Do you like that genre?
His current record label is No, I don't.
She wrote Pretty Little Liar the genre is Teen Drama, do you like teen drama?
Yes she wrote Pretty Little Liars. It's considered a comedy drama.
I recommend Pretty Little Liars by Sara Shepard. It's also considered teen drama.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I think they are a good team. Especially having Peter Reid in their team. Do you like them?
I love America football. My favorite team is the Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
Do you know if that's the same thing or not?
I don't know much but I think they are in the NFL and are owned by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I think Mike Tomlin is a former coach. He was originally a member of the Pittsburgh Steelers.
I didn't know that! Isn't he married to Gisele Bundchen?
Yes, Ridley Scott starred in The Storm and Thelma & Louise
Sean Penn and Sharlto Copley starred in it.
Certainly. Have a great day.
Your welcome.
Laura Esquivel wrote Como agua para chocolate and The Love of Law. Have you read either ?
That was also the year it was released
Yes she is a good writer as well.
You're welcome
The Memory Keeper's daughter original language is English
Sorry I don't know, but Kim Edward won an award for Best Novel for her.
You're welcome.
Sure, he wrote Defending Jacob
It was a movie too. Would you like me to send it to you?
It's a Thriller with the genre of suspense and crime.
Well, Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors and The Secret Adversary. Do you like science fiction?
It was released in 2010
Your welcome
Sure, he wrote Romeo and Juliet. He also wrote The Tragedy of Julius Caesar and King Lear.
What You Will is a fantasy novel by William Shakespeare, is that what you are looking for?
I hope you enjoy it!
He directed The Imitation Game, which is a film. He also directed Headhunters
Headhunters stars Rory Kinnear and Benedict Cumberbatch
Great, enjoy the movie!
Sure! A Thousand Splendid Suns is written by the same author!
Sure, he has. A Thousand Splendid Suns, And The Mountains Echoed and The Kite Runner.
You're welcome. Enjoy.
Isn't he a player on the Colombia national football team? I'm not sure.
Sure! Damien Chazelle is the author of the books he wrote called Whiplash and The Silence of the Lambs.
It is a Biographical Film about the life of a young man fulfilling his and his life as he prepares for death.
Enjoy!
OK. Have a great day
Sure she starred in Wonder Women 2017, also in Solider 1998
The Situation is a 2004 American-Canadian science fiction action film that was released in 2015.
Sure thing! Added now.
He was influenced by Zombieland, that's all I really know
It was released in 2008 and is a comedy genre
Wasn't Mila Kunis in those shows as well? She was in Who's the Boss?
Yes, it was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It's considered Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Do you like the author Harper Lee or the genre fiction?
Then you might enjoy The Manchurian Candidate or The Manchurian Candidate.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Last Lecture was released in 2008 a non fiction genre. It shows it was written by two different authors.
That's right, he did star in Star Trek.
Sure, will do.
Yes, Jonathan Levine directed The Wackness, starring Mary Kate Olsen. It's a romantic comedy
The Wackness is in the Thriller and Drama genre.
Tom Wilkinson starred in Wackness. Would you like to know more about his movies?
Great, hope you enjoy it!
Of course! Treasure Island was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. You might also find it interesting to know it was released in 1882!
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror are very good books by him.
Ok, let me know if you need anything else.
Great choice! The original novel was also made into a movie, have you seen it?
I remember he directed a suspense movie in the late 1980s called Frantic. That movies starred Harrison Ford
Would you like to hear about other adventure movies?
1847
Writter Suzanne Collins also wrote Gregor the Overlander and Mockinjay.
Jack London wrote Toy Story 3. It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, that's correct.
You're welcome, enjoy.
Sure! Donnie Darko is a Thriller written by Richard Kelly and stars Seth Rogen. Do you like Thrillers?
He was in the movie The Day After Tomorrow and Shallow Hal. Do either of those sound interesting to you?
Yes he was in that as well! James Franco also starred in Seth Rogen as well.
He was also in Seth Rogen as well as the movie Knocked Up.
Shadows and Lies was released in 2010.
Of course! She wrote Frankenstein, The Modern Prometheus. Are you interested in any of this?
Frankenstein is an old piece that was released in 1818 to be exact.
Frankenstein is written in English and is also considered a thriller.
You're welcome!
It is a psychological thriller and drama. Are you interested in those genres?
It starred Edward Norton, Brad Pitt, and Gwyneth Paltrow.
You're welcome, I'm happy to help.
Yes. A.W. Wheen wrote Im Westen nichts Neues in 1929.
She wrote Arc de Triomphe. She also wrote Arc de Triomphe. Have you read it?
You are welcome. Goodbye.
Edward Swick directed The Siege.
Yes. Denzel Washington was in The Siege and he also directed The Great Gatsby. Are you interested in that?
You got it! Edward Zwick was in Cloverfield, which is a thriller.
You're right. Snoop Dogg was in Training Day.
Yes he was in Volcano High which was a thriller.
No problem!
I like their mascot Mr. Met. Do you like baseball?
I see. I'm more of a baseball fan myself. What about you?
I like baseball too. Who is your favorite team?
Sure! He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
It was released in 2005 and is written by Stephen J. Dubner
It also stars Stephen J. Dubner, Stephen J. Dubner, and Stephen J. Dubner.
Of course, enjoy!
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly as well as Once Upon a Time in the West.
I think so. Eli Wallier starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
He was also in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that one?
Absolutely. The Good, the Bad and the Ugly and Once Upon a Time in the West are a few more you may like.
Have you seen The Good, the Bad and the Ugly or Once Upon a Time in America?
No problem. enjoy
The writter Kurt Vonnegut Jr. wrote Timequake and Welcome to the Monkey House. Have you heard of them?
There is a movie, Welcome to the Monkey House has genre Speculative fiction. Would you like to know more?
Some other good ones are Welcome to the Monkey House and We have Welcome to the Monkey House.
He has directed several movies like There's Something About Mary, Winter's Bone, and True Grit. Have you seen any of these?
Milla Jovovich, Mike Colter, and Channing Tatum also starred in it.
That's correct. If you like Morgan Freeman, you'll probably enjoy The Civil War.
He starred in Unlawful Entry and The Vatican Tapes.
It came out in 2001 and starred Carmen Argenziano. Do you like her movies?
Great choice! Judy Greer and Charlie Bewley both starred in Unlawful Entry.
Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier is one of my favorite movie
Underdog is a Drama/Adventure Film starring James Frain and Matt Dillon.
Jay Leno has also starred in Wreck-It Ralph which is a comedy.
They have won a lot of superbowls. They are runner ups in the Super Bowl XLI
If I'm not mistaken, the Philadelphia Eagles owner is Jeffrey Lurie.
You bet! I love the New Orleans Saints, though.
I like the Washington Redskins, Patriots, and the Redskins. What is your favorite teams?
Ara Celi has most notably starred in American Beauty, alongside Peter Gallagher, it's a Drama and is really good!
It's a classic! Kevin Spacey and Annette Bening star in it.
Yes, it is. I think you'll like it.
I do too, it is starring William Hurt and Ty Burrell.
The Incredible Hulk stars William Hurt and Ty Burrell.
Released in 2010, I think you will like it.
You're welcome. Enjoy.
Die Hard With A Vengeance is a good one, have you seen that one?
The Die Hard is a Thriller and so is Die Hard. Have you seen it ?
Sure, are you into crime fiction or a Thriller type of movie?
Sure, Brad Pitt also starred in movies like X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he has starred in We Don't Live Here Anymore, The Truman Show, Civic Duty and Beastly. Would you like more information about one of these?
She was the author of We Don't Live Here Anymore, but she also starred in The Truman Show.
She also starred in Funny Games - a thriller movie called The Wedding Date. Have you seen that one?
Yes. It stars Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman.
Sure, He has starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: Apocalypse.
It is a comedy-drama, Ryan Reynolds was in it, and so is Channing Tatum.
You are welcome, goodbye.
He directed The Incredible Hulk and Now You See Me. Have you seen them?
The Transporter stars Jason Statham and Matt Schulze. Are you a fan of Jason Statham?
He has starred in The Transporter and The Incredible Hulk.
Good Will Hunting is written by Matt Damon. Do you like dramas?
Vampire Slayer is starring James Brolin. It was released in 1999 as well.
Yes, it is. Would you like me to send it to you?
I don't have the information for the genre, but the movie is an Action, Thriller.
You're welcome.
He wrote a book called Jumanji and he was influenced by Tarantino
Sure. Madame Bovary is a romance novel released in 1856. Also written by Gustave Flaubert.
In 1856. It's a classic, right?
I am sorry, I do not have that information. However, I can tell you the genre is a romance novel.
There is The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy who is a great author.
Sure, enjoy the books
Collateral stars Tom Cruise .Do you like Thrillers?
Sure, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick, and he also directed 2001: A Space Odyssey. Do you like him as a director?
Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder, The Shining, and The Last Samurai.
Auto Racing was released in 1999.
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie.
Bruce Willis was in Hudson Hawk
Bruce Willis was in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen that one?
A Good Day to Die Hard is a popular one that he is in.
ok great movie do you like action movies?
Let me see, I know he's a Songwriter. Were you aware that he sung New Perspective?
There is a lot of good composers, do you like Young-adult fiction?
I don't know much about her, but I do know he is married to Gyllenhaal
Sure, he starred in The Halloween Tree, Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home, and Land of the Lost. Have you seen those?
Yes he was in Star Trek movies
It was written by Hilda Rosner and Hermann Hesse. It was released in 1922. Do you like the older books?
The Slippery Slope and The Old Man and the Sea are some good ones.
That book came out in 1922. It's a classic.
Your welcome.
He starred in You Again, Wolfen and Turner & Hooch. Have you seen any of these?
Jamie Lee Curtis starred in I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With, which is a comedy.
Great, I think you will enjoy it.
I do, he wrote Life of Pi. Have you heard of that one?
I'm not into Adventure, but I can tell you Life of Pi is in that genre. Where Rainbows End is one of my favorites.
Yes, she did. She also wrote Girl with a Pearl Earring.
It is. Have you seen The Golden Compass? It is one of my favorites.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Vladimir Nabokov. He also wrote Vampire Academy.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is written by Luc Besson
You are welcome ,Dark phoenix,Dark phoenix,Dark phoenix
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is also a good one.
I don't know much about him other than he's a basketball player. Are you a fan?
The Warriors are coached by Steve Kerr and Winston-Salem also. Do you like basketball?
Not really,I know Steph Curry is a basketball player. Do you know anything about him?
Sure, some great books by him include Teacher Man and Tis: A Memoir. Would you like to know more?
There is a book similar to Teacher Man
You are welcome.
I love that book! Its written by Jodie Foster and is a Speculative fiction.
He also wrote The Dark Knight Rises that you might like.
It was released in 2012. It's also very good.
You're welcome!
They're pretty good! Their Forward Gareth Bale is great!
Who doesn't like him? I think he is an athlete.
What team do you follow?
You may enjoy The Sea Wolf. He wrote that and it was released in 2012.
Seven with Brad Pitt is a good fiction book. Have you read that one?
It is a good movie. Do you like Hilary Swank?
That's right. Did you see it? It's a thriller like Million Dollar Baby.
It also starred Joe Morton. I think you'll like it.
Yes, that is very interesting. Did you know Peter Jason also starred in True Romance?
Great! I think you'll enjoy it.
Have you heard of A Very Long Engagement with Denis Leary?
It was released in 2009, the same year Cinderella was released.
She's a great actress. Did you know she's in a movie, Untamed, and The Royal Tenenbaums?
He wrote The Tales of Beedle and The Casual Vacancy
If you like the classics, you should check out The Casual Vacancy. Have you read that one?
There are so many great books that you might enjoy, ones like The Casual Vacancy or The Silkworm.
That is a classic, as well as The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1 and Part 2.
You're very welcome.
Sure! Andrew Adamson wrote all three Shreks
Shrek 2 is written by Andrew Adamson. He also wrote Monsters, Inc, and Toy Story 3.
They're pretty bad, think they were last in the NL East this past season
Oh that's a good one. I'm a fan of Will Ferrell, just to name a couple. Do you like the Yankees?
I don't know much about it, just that it's the one that comes to mind. Did you know the Mets' stadium is in the American League?
Thomas Lennon starred in The Pacifier, The Fault in Our Stars, and Transformers. Do you like any of these?
Yes, it is a television series and starred the tv series, have you seen it?
I love Chealsea! I think she is one of the best actresss in the world.
Manchester United F.C. is a good team. I'm not sure who the team is. Do you like any other sports?
Agreed. Anything else I can help you with?
Certainly! It was written by Kong and stars Emmanuelle Seigner, Sam Olsen and Alice Brag. It's a fantasy adventure movie do you enjoy that genre?
He wrote the movie The Fault in Our Stars.
I think it was released in 2011
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
Wasn't the Panthers in the Super Bowl XXXVIII?
Yea, he played for the Broncos. He was a defensive back too.
Awesome! I will have to check that out, thanks.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
They're pretty bad, think they were last in the NL East this past season
I guess it was. The Mets haven't won a World Series since 2003, but I think they are runner ups.
I like Field of Dreams. Is that the one with Will Smith?
I think he's a good basketball player but has had some unfortunate injuries through his career. Are you a fan?
Yes, I like them and he is a good basketball player
No, I haven't but I know he plays for the Golden State Warriors now
Of course, Men in Black was written by Stephen Spielberg, he is a great actor.
There is Men in Black that is a sci-fi film, and so is White House Down.
Yes, it was a very popular film! Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Batman Begins was released in 2005. Have you seen the sequel/remake The Dark Knight?
I'm not sure and it is a sequel
Happy to help
The Mad Ship, The Golden Fool, and The Dragon Keeper. Have you read any of his books?
They were released in the 1930's.
Sure, Timequake is about time travel. Mother Night is science fiction. Do you like either of those genres?
It's Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
One of my favorites is Xenocide and World Without End. Would you like to hear more?
There's American Psycho, Primal Fear and Seven
Miley Cyrus starred in this movie.
Lake of Fire is a slasher film written and directed by Tony Kaye.
You're welcome.
E.V. Rieu wrote Oouoeia and was released -720
E.V. Rieu wrote .
He is also a teacher and from the United States
Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
It's a young adult fiction. It was released in 2012
Your welcome
If you Give a Mouse a Cookie is written by Felicia Bond and was released in 1985.
No. James Franco is the author. He also wrote If You Give a Mouse a Cookie.
Glad I could help!
Sure, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick, and he also directed 2001: A Space Odyssey. Do you like him as an actor?
In that genre, you might enjoy "Year One" or "Zodiac."
I'm sorry, I do not have that information.
Great! I hope you enjoy them.
Charles Duhigg wrote The Power of Habit which was released in 2011.
The Power of Habit was released in 2011
Absolutely, will do.
The Godfather is written by Francis Ford Coppola, who also produced The Apocalypse Now
He is a great player too! He is a great coach. Do you know any other teams in the NBA?
Yes he is. He was originally a member of the NBA All-Rookie team. Have you seen it?
I think Jerry Reinsdorf has done a great job turning the franchise around.
Chicago Bulls : Team Owned by Jerry Reinsdorf
I haven't heard much about it, but they have won a few Superbowls this year
your welcome
Dear John is written by Nicholas Sparks. anything else i can do for you?
Yes, True Believer was a good one. It was released in 2008 and is a Thriller. I highly recommend it.
I hope you enjoy it.
Hush is a great movie, have you seen it?
Jane Austen wrote it. It's a Romance novel. Do you like romance books?
Other romance novels include Sense and Sensibility and Pride and Prejudice.
It is a romance novel that was turned into a film directed by Ang Lee.
You're welcome
Not so bad, heard they sung the song One Step Closer. Do you know it?
ok. Have you heard of the X-Men series? I am going to add it to my list of albums.
Andrew Stanton directed Finding Nemo. Finding Nemo is a family genre. Do you enjoy family genre movies?
It was released in 2002 and is in the genre of a mystery. Andrew Stanton also directed Finding Nemo.
Yes she does. She is also in Thick as Thieves.
You're welcome!
Phil LaMarr starred in Zambezia
Yes and she star in it too!
I have Gossip Girl. It's a good one.
Will do!
Yes, he's an author, an actor and an athlete. Such a wide range of talent!
His father was a famous bowler. What sport do you like?
He was brilliant in that movie. You should check it out.
From the Portland Trail Blazers? I think he is a point guard.
Yes he does. Paul Allen is the owner of the Portland Trail Blazers.
I does! Seattle Seahawks is in the National Basketball Hall of Fame.
Yes! The King's Speech was written by Issac Ashes and stars Tom Hanks. It is a drama/mystery movie. Would you like to know more?
Yes she was in it, along with Martin Short. Have you seen it?
As far as the King's Speech, I haven't seen that one myself. Can you tell me more?
I like her song La Tortura. Did you hear this song?
Yes, she is a very talented singer. She won a Grammy for Best Original Song.
She is a very talented singer. I will have to look her up
They're a pretty good team, I think Khalil Mack is an awesome linebacker!
Oh, I see. I'm a big fan of the Bears. They're having a good season this year. Who's your favorite team?
That's great! They are a very good team. My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks. They're doing a lot of good games.
Isn't he a basketball player. Who does he play for?
I believe he is a point guard.
I sure don't know, but he is sure it does. He is a good player as well.
Do you like drama? I would suggest The Pillars of the Earth.
Yes, I recommend The Pillars of the Earth if you like thrillers.
You might like The Pillars of the Earth or The Pillars of the Earth.
You're welcome. Anything else I can help with?
Yes, that is a great movie written by John Logan.
Have you seen The Good Dinosaur?
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional American football franchise based in Tampa, Florida. The Buccaneers currently compete in the National Football League as a member team of the National Football Conference South division
I do, did you know Lovie Smith also coached the Denver Nuggets?
I enjoy watching the Steelers. How about you?
Well it was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like that author? She also wrote The Chronicles of Narnia series.
Okay! I would recommend Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban or the Half-Blood Prince.
It's a good one! I highly recommend it!
Agreed! Anything else I can help you with?
Sure! He starred in Annie Hall and To Rome with Love.
It's a romance movie. It's also a part of a series. The next in the series is A Beautiful Mind. Have you seen it?
Great! I think you would like it, enjoy.
Sure, Hayao Miyazaki also starred in Man on the Moon and Destiny's Child.
You might like The Hunchback of Notre Dame. That's also a good one.
You might enjoy Your Sister's sister then.
You're welcome!
He wrote the Picture of Dorian Gray and The Marriage Plot. Have you read either of these?
It is a Fiction Novel that was published in 1993.
I am not sure of the exact date. But it was released in 1993.
You're welcome
Sure, it was produced by Judd apatow and also stars Seth Rogen, Rory Kinnear and James Franco to name a few. Have you seen it yet?
He's been in a number of great films including The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate.
Yes, Mindy Kaling has been in so many great comedies! Would you like to hear about more of Mindy Kaling movies?
You're very welcome!
I sure do! He wrote The Virgin Suicides, The Return of the King, and The Virgin Suicides. Have you read any of those?
Yes. Miranda Richardson was also in Gideon's Daughter.
Yes, it is a fantasy comedy.
Absolutely!
Oh yes, I love her! She is from Eureka, California. I love her!
I like Hello, but I also like Ed Sheran and Shakira
I'm not sure about that one, I know she is married to Mirka Federer.
Inception, was directed by Christopher Nolan and stars Tom Berenger.
He did. He also directed The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
The Prestige is starring Michael Caine and Margot Robbie.
The Prestige is about Apocalypse Now, which is also in the Fantasy genre.
I'm not sure. However, I can tell you The Hunger Games is a drama film
No problem, enjoy.
He is a member of the Brazil national football team
Wow, I had no idea. Did you know Dani Alves won the Bravo Award?
They're currently in 2nd place with the NFC West, but they are 4 games behind the 1st place Rams. It's not looking too good.
Yeah, they are doing pretty well this season. They have a good season, they're having a good season.
Lets see, I think they're doing well this year.
Would you wish me to recommend a book by Charles Dickens or something that is a satire?
Great Expectations was originally published in 1850 and is a book about social criticism. Is that something that you'd like?
Have you read A Tale of Two Cities, written by Charles Dickens?
It is actually an adventure film, based on the work of William Shakespeare.
I don't have great information on working class, but if you are interested in working class I can recommend another book of this genre.
You're welcome
Kierra Cass wrote The Siren. what else can i do for you?
Sure, she also wrote The Siren and The One Minute Manager.
It's a young-adult fiction by Kierra Cass.
You're welcome.
Yes it is a fantastic movie starring Tom Cruise. Have you seen any in this series for Mission Impossible?
Yes it is, you should check it out. It's Action packed as well.
Romance. what else can i do for you?
No problem, enjoy.
Ninety Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell. He also wrote Animal Farm.
Animal Farm is a Children's literature book. Do you like childrens literature?
You're welcome.
He wrote Relato de un naufrago, and Memoria de mis putas tristes
Ralph Steadman wrote the New York Trilogy
It was written by Ralph Steadman. Would you like to know more about this book?
He also wrote Gonzo the Art and The Joke's Over.
I hope you enjoy it!
Adam Brown starred in The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug and The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey.
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
Bradley Cooper starred in The Words, The Words, and Limitless. Have you seen any of these?
The Woods is a drama/mystery film that was released in 1997
It is a sequel to The Words. It is considered a thriller and an historical period drama.
Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien? He also wrote Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth
i dont have that information. anything else i can help with?
no i dont. what else can i do for you?
you are welcome
The Tell Tale Heart, The Black Cat and Hop Frog are some of his work. He also write poems. Are you interested in poems?
Raven was released in 1843 along with The Raven.
You're welcome
I know Cesc Fàbregas play for the Spain national football team.
No i don't think that's all that I know about.
Not sure. Could you enlighten me on some information about FC Barcelona?
Aladdin is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
There is the Relic also starring Robert Duvall
You should check out the movie on its animated version.
Neil Jordan directed The Good Thief starring Said Taghmaoui, it is an Action Thriller and I highly recommend it.
Fred Wilpon also starred in it, and he also starred in Wreck-It Ralph Fiennes.
Yes, he did, as well as The End of the Affair. Would you like to know more?
Glad to help, enjoy!
Quentin Tarantino has directed Pulp Fiction, Kill Bill and more.
Yes he was in that movie. Do you like his music?
He also wrote House o 1000 Corpses and Fast Five.
No problem!
Downfalls in the genre of War. Do you like War films?
Downfall is starring Natasha Pulley and Gavin O'Connor
Angelina Jolie is also in it, he is a great actress.
Your welcome
Wasn't he a featured artist on the dance-pop album Unbroken?
Oh yes. I like her too. Who's your favorite artist?
Oh wow. That's a great song too. Who's your favorite songwriter?
Sure, it written by Cassandra Clare and released 2014. Have you read it?
She also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and City of Bones
Yes it is the series
You're welcome
By David Sedaris? I love that book. Have you read it?
Me Talk Pretty One Day is a really good comedy! Its actually stars Sedaris, Ed Helms, and Ed Skrein.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Fred Willard starred in Youth in Revolt and Roxanne, both Romantic comedies. Do you like that genre?
I am not sure but Fred Willard also starred in Waking Ned Devine and the Watchmen.
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy the movie.
Great, have a great day!
You're welcome!
That was an action movie starring Ato Essandoh. It was produced by Graham King, I am Sam might be something you like
Did you know that Djimon Hounsou starred in Unlawful Entry?
The Lord of War was released in 2004
Sure! She was in City of Bones and RoboCop 3. Have you seen either of those?
He also starred in The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou and RoboCop 3.
Yes. He starred in the original. Would you like to watch that?
Sure, The Devil Wears Prada stars Meryl Streep and Emily Blunt
She has starred in so many excellent movies, including The Devils Wears Prada, The Shape of Water, and The Big Year.
Yes she was, I think she was also in The Iron Lady.
Sure. Have a great day!
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was released in 2001.
Where to Find Them was also released in 1997.
Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger. Have you read either of these books?
Okay, you may enjoy The Golden Compass or Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Dan Gilroy wrote Angels & Demons and also The Dharma Bums.
The Bourne Legacy is a fantasy movie. Dan Gilroy also directed Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi and The Godfather.
Yes, if you like Tony Gilroy also directed The Bourne Identity, you might like Great Expectations.
Sure, Hayao Miyazaki directed Ponyo and also Inglorious Bastards.
It is in the genre adventure film, similar to The Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales.
Fernando Hierro is also in Ponyo, have you seen it?
Yes, this movie is a drama, i think, and if you like anime, I think you will like it.
Sure, he wrote There Will be Blood and The Master. He's been involved in a lot of different movies. Would you like to hear more?
There are two of the most known stars in that film, including Bruce Will Be Blood, Will Be Blood and There Will Be Blood.
You are welcome, enjoy the movie!
Sure! Paula Hawkins wrote The Grand Budapest Hotel and The Cider House Rules. Have you read either of these?
The Girl on the Train was written by Paula Hawkins and it's a fantasy novel
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, no problem!
Sure, Good Will Hunting is a drama that was released in 2012 and is also considered a tragedy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I haven't personally read it but I heard it is a good book though.
There is a movie called Inferno, which is also a mystery book.
Yes it is. Anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is a good one.
I'm not sure but he was influenced by Vladimir Naokov
Yes,It is written by Vladimir Naokov
Its a fantasy book
No problem
Memoirs of a Geisha was written by Arthur Golden. It is a drama, do you like drama?
The author is J.R.R. Tolkien
He wrote Memoirs of a Geisha, have you read it?
Your welcome
He is ok but I think his Spouse Hayden Panettiere is great
Yes it is!
No, I'm not familiar with her, but he starred in Sleepers. That's a thriller.
That's true. Were you aware that he starred in Friends with Benefits?
Green Eggs and Ham was written by Doctor Seuss.
There's a lot of Green Eggs and Ham! What else can I do for you?
That's right! Have you heard of The Cat in the Hat or The Lorax?
The movie is a great Adventure movie. Are you interested in Adventure movies?
He's been in Snow White and the Huntsman: Winter's War.
That's right. Emma Stone and Patton Oswalt were in Superbad.
No problem
Yes E.B. White wrote Stuart Little and Charlotte's Web
I love that movie! It was written by Nicholas Sparks and he also wrote The Shelters of Stone. Do you like Nicholas Sparks?
Charlie Sheen is the star of Cheaper by the Dozen by Oscar Wilde and he is also in the film.
It was released in 1996 and starred Alexis Arquette.
You may want to check out Shark Night, starring Kyla Pratt
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, do you like it because it is directed by James Cameron?
Yes, that's correct. If you like Winfield, Keanu Reeves and Charlie Sheen are in it.
That's right. Oprah Winfrey was also in The Women of Brewster Place.
Will do. Added to your watch list.
Natascha McElhone is also an actor and director. Some of her latest movies are The Truman Show and Solaris
The Truman Show was released in 2010 starring Peter Krause.
Deception Point was written by Dan Brown. It's a thriller and was released in 2002.
It is a thriller, similar to The Da Vinci Code
He wrote the Where the Wild Things Are and The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss.
Little Bear is a Speculative fiction and was released in 1985
You may want to check out The Book of Mormon, The Invisible Man and The Book Of Mormon
Enjoy!
You're welcome!
He directed the science fiction film Eraserhead.
Inland Empire is a fantasy
Idiocracy stars Tom Waits and Kevin Corrigan. It is a thriller and stars David Lynch.
It was released in 2016. It is a thriller/ science fiction movie.
Certainly, I hope you enjoy it.
ok
Gone with the Wind was written by Margaret Mitchell. She also wrote I am Legend of Tarzan.
What about Tender is the Night? It's a classic.
Robert Duvall and Charles Dickens star in it.
Your welcome
Sure, Ellen starred in When a Man Loves a Woman with Andy Garcia. Have you ever watched that?
The tennis player? I haven't watched tennis in a while. Is there news about him?
I know a lot about tennis but I don't know much about it. I think Serena has won a lot so I would say she is married to Mirka Federer.
Did you know that he also starred in Hair Show?
Go Set A Watchman is a similar book
Okay, I recommend a book like To Kill a Mockingbird, it is in the Drama genre and was released in 2010.
No problem!
I love her music. My favorite is I'm Not Dead by Pink. What is yours?
Yeah, I like her music but I don't know much about her. What type of genre do you like?
I didn't know she has two daughters, though. She is on the TV show Gone Girl, Speak your Mind. I love her music.
He starred in the show O.C
Yes, it is a movie starring Sandra Bullock and Kevin Costner. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure Peter Gallagher starred in The O.C. and Up in the Air.
You are welcome.
Martin Gardner wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and The Portable Atheist.
I believe it is a fantasy
The Portable Atheist and Alice's Adventures in Wonderland has genre War
Happy reading!
Yes, he plays football in Midfielder position. He was born on Santa Marta. Do you like football?
I'm not sure. I don't know much about James Rodriguez, but I do know he was a Forward.
Yes, he was on FC Porto's national football team. He was a midfielder.
I like her sister Serena better.
I think Brett Ratner is an actor. What is your favorite tennis player?
I'm not sure about that, but Al Pacino was in Shark Night.
Sure, The Glass Castle was written by Jeannette Wells and is considered a memoir. Another memoir is Wild, by Cheryl Strayed. Have you heard of her?
Chris Hemsworth wrote that book.
She wrote The Lovely Bones and The Almost Moon. Are you familiar with those?
It is. Would you like to know about other fiction novels?
That is an excellent book. She also wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.
No. White Fang is written by Jack London
you are welcome
I think she is a great tennis player, did you know she was born in Mumbai?
You have watched a match from time to time. Who's your favorite tennis player?
Glad to hear that. He is a good athlete.
Yes he was. He was a goodrunner up in the 2012 Olympics.
Sure, do you like Thor: The Dark World because it is a Fantasy?
The Golden Compass starring Christopher Lee is a fantasy movie.
That movie stars Simon McBurney, Sam Elliott, and Nicole Kidman. Would you like to watch it?
She's amazing! I hope you enjoy it!
It starred J.K. Simmons and Melissa Benoist. JK won an Oscar for his role.
Yes Wade Williams also starred in White House Down as well
Yes he did, He also starred in the Young Sherlock Holmes and The Good Doctor
Breakfast of Champions is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. He also wrote Welcome to the Monkey House and Galapagos.
You may like Timequake or Welcome to the Monkey House. Would you like to know more?
Yes it is. Do you like that genre? She also wrote Welcome to the Monkey House.
He directed The Incredibles and Monsters, Inc. Have you seen them?
I'm not sure. I don't have any information on that. Is there anything else I can help with?
The genre is Thriller and Drama.
Phil Mickelson is pretty cool her won the 2010 PGA Masters Tournament. Are you a fan?
I think he is a good player. What do you think of Phil Mickelson?
I think I've seen this show as well. Are you a fan?
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Wedding Date. It is a romantic comedy.
Some similar movies are Women in Love and Life at Tiffany's.
Yes, he wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement, and Who Moved My Cheese? Have you read either of those?
Yes, it is a self help book.
That's correct. Spencer Johnson also wrote The Good Dinosaur which is also a biography.
I do! He starred in Nowhere Boy and Fifty Shades of Grey.
Nowhere Boy starred Fifty Shades of Grey, and Michael Shannon.
Nowhere Boy is a Thriller, Sci-Fi, comedy film. Anything else I can help you with?
Of course, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas is written by Ralph Steadman, who also wrote The Southern Vampire Mysteries
He did write Hell's Angels if you like action films. Hell's Angels was released in 1961. Have you seen that?
It was considered a political Thriller.
Yes she wrote The Virgin Blue, The last Runaway and the Lady and the Unicorn. Have you read these?
I believe it was written in 1997, have you read it?
I think it was well made into a movie. Have you seen it? It's quite similar to The Virgin Blue.
You are welcome. Have a great day!
He directed both The Mist and The Green Mile. Are you a fan of Stephen King films?
The Mist was directed by Chris Owen and also Frank Darabont. This movie was released in 2012. Do you like Chris Owen?
Great, do you like Action Adventure movies?
Great, if you like Woody Allen you will definitely enjoy Annie Hall.
Dan Gilroy wrote Angels & Demons and also starred in This is Spinal Tap.
Matt Damon and Dan Gilroy all directed the film
Its a Thriller
there is anything else I can help
have you see Gone Baby Gone or Zodiac?
welcome
Sure! Do you like poetry because it's part of the series?
Shel Silverstein also wrote Where the Sidewalk Ends and Falling Up.
Esphyr Slobodkina is a similar author, he wrote The Giving Tree.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know that he is a country singer who composed Country Man. You like country?
I don't know a lot. I like her song Shake it off. Do you like her?
Yes, I agree. I think he is talented
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Unbroken A world war II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption, have you read these?
It was released in 1999 and is considered a drama.
You are welcome.
Oliver Stone directed The Doors. The Doors is written by Randall Jahnson
The Doors stars many big actors, including Chris Hemsworth, Megan Hearst, J.K. Simmons, and Bill Murray.
Yes, The Doors is a harmonica in the music genre. Are you interested in music?
You are welcome. Can I help you with anything else?
Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Wise Man's Fear and The Name of the Wind. Do you like Heroic fantasy genres?
You should check out The Name of the Wind. It's a good one.
Sure thing. Enjoy.
Divergent is a Young -adult fiction. Starring Theo James and Kate Winslet.
Great, I would recommend The Hunger Games, and The Giver. Would you like to hear more about those books?
I don't know much. He's a soccer midfielder?
Yes, He also plays for Manchester United F.C
I know he is a Brazilian jiu-jitsu champion
Not particularly. I''m an Eagles fan.
Not really, I'm a fan. My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks. Do you watch football?
Great, have you been to any of the games?
Could you recommend a movie by John Grisham?
Anna Kendrick also starred in Wreck-It Ralph. She also starred in Tune in Tomorrow.
Yes, The Last Five Years is a comedy/drama, which is also a good film.
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
Some other great comedies include X-Men Apocalypse, Winter's Bone, and The House of Mirth.
You are welcome.
Yes, he wrote The Phantom Tollbooth.
I think Suresh Raina is an athlete. Isn't he on the cricket team in India? I guess he's know for his Right-arm Off Spin.
Not really, I'm more of a American Football fan. I don't even know a bit about it. I prefer American football, soccer and baseball.
Yes, he is a cricket player, and he is also a former captain of the India national cricket team. I don't really know anything about cricket.
He wrote Uglies and Touching Darkness.
It is a book written by Scott Westerfeld
Uglies Trilogy was released in 1981. You may also like Pretties by Susan Sarandon
You are welcome, enjoy!
I know he's a Spainish Footballer but I don't follow soccer much. I'm not much into football.
I see, I'm not really into football, I know some other players on the team. Do you like football?
Yes, he did. He also played for Manchester United F.C. I think you are right.
Yeah that's right and he also coached the Manchester United F.C. national football team.
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
He also wrote Defending Jacob. Have you heard of that one?
Yes, Fifty Shades Freed is the next in series to Fifty Shades Freed. it is an erotic romance novel written by E.L. James and was released in 2011.
If you like the series, E.L. James also wrote The Alpha Master and The Submissive.
Bared to You is written by E.L. James.
Bared to You was released in 2011
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, he is written Samtilche Erzahiungen and In der Strafkolonie.
It is a fiction novel, similar to Death in the Clouds.
Your welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
This book was written by Laura Hillenbrand and was published in 2010 . Are you interested in this book because of the genre?
Laura Hillenbrand also wrote the book Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Adventure, and the Most Incredible Rescue Mission. Anything else I can help you with?
Anything else I can help you with?
I don't know much about him other than he's a musician. Can you tell me more?
Braveheart was written by Randall Wallace.
Yes he did and it was directed by Ang Lee.
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly as well
Enjoy and have a great day
He wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer
It was released in 1943.
It's a non-fiction book written by Richelle Mead.
No problem! Have fun!
Washington Redskins sucks. did you know Dwight Schar owned this team
That's right. John Fox is the coach of the Oakland Raiders. Did you like the Raiders?
Yes, he was playing for the Broncos.
Sure, it was written by Tracy Chevalier and is a Speculative fiction. Would you like to hear more?
Yes. It is a sci-fi novel .
I'm sorry. I don't have access to that information right now.
Tropic Thunder has a Genre of Adventure and Action. Do you enjoy those?
The Cable Guy is starring Tom Hanks, Eddie Redmayne, and Roger Allam.
Comedy-dramas is also a comedy-dramas, have you seen it?
Yes, Diana Gabaldon wrote My Own Heart's Blood.
I'm not sure what wear My Own Heart's Blood was released in 2009.
It is a fiction novel.
Glad to help
He directed an action film called Cutthroat Island, and a thriller called The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Nicolas Platt and Xander Berkeley are known for their roles in this movie.
It came out in 1995 and also stars Channing Tatum
Enjoy!
I'm not really a Bears fan myself. Are they having a good season this year?
I think they will be better than the Eagles and the Lions. They have a good chance.
Yes, the Steelers have won a lot of superbowls. I think the Steelers have won a lot of superbowls.
Sure! Doug Liman directed both Fair Game and Swingers. He also produced Fair Game as well as The Bourne Identity.
I do not think so, but John Liam also directed Guardians of the Galaxy, which is a drama.
It's a new movie out there. It's directed by Doug Liman. He also directed Spider Man 2, and Iron Man 2.
Sure, Penn Badgley, Ken Daurio, and Natasha Gregson starred in the film.
No, I don't. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Dwyane Wade starred in Just Wright didn't he?
She is an American professional basketball player for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association.
Yes it was. It was also directed by Ryan Wade.
Yes I do, it was a good movie. Are you into Sci-Fi movies?
It also has Steve Buscemi and Ben Foster. Are you familiar with them?
Sure. If you like sci-fi, you might like X-Men 2 or World War Z.
You're welcome. Enjoy.
Yes, Noam Murro directed 300: Rise of an Empire. He also directed 300: Rise of an Empire. Do you like his work?
300: Rise on an Empire was released in 2014. Eva Green, Sullivan Stapleton, and Sullivan Stapleton star in this film.
The movie was released in 1987.
You might like the movie X-Men Origins: Wolverine, or the Star Wars' series.
I'm not sure about that. I will have to check it out. I love her.
Eva Green was born in Rochester, New York in 2012.
You're welcome.
I am more of a baseball fan. What about the Dodgers do you like?
It is. Are you a basketball fan?
That's very true! I have never heard of it, have you ever heard of it?
Sure, Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde starred in this movie as well. It was released in 1886.
The original was written by Robert Louis Stevenson, who also wrote Kidnapped.
I would be happy to recommend The Cursed Child, Parts One and Two.
You're welcome. I'm happy to help.
Sure, Peace Like a River, Oryx and Crake, and A Lesson Before Dying are similar books.
Two of the actors were in that movie are Sword of Shannara and Omar Sy.
She also wrote Zodiac, The White Queen and The White Princess.
I know he plays for the soccer team, but I don't follow soccer much.
Yes, he's from Liverpool and plays for Everton FC. I don't know much about him.
That's cool. I think if I'm into football, I should root for the team.
I actually don't know much about football, sorry!
Sure, he wrote Ds Parfum, he also an author and a screen writer.
Sure, East of Eden, The Pearl of the World and Travels with Charley: In search of America is all wiritten by John Steinbeck.
Tropic of Cancer has genre Historical fiction, Children's literature. Do you like these genres?
Yes it is a great one. If you like fiction you should also try Travels with Charley: In Search of America. It is a great one i recommend.
I think it was released in 1996. Would you like to know more?
The Night Watch was written by Anne Tyler. She also wrote The Grapes of Wrath.
You are welcome. Happy reading!
Do you like the Bruges because it's a thriller or because it stars Ralph Fiennes?
Yes, it does. Tom Waits also starred in Seven Psychopaths.
Sure, Helena Mattsson also starred in Seven Psychopaths.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, do you like O Brother, Where Art Thou because it is an adventure movie?
Sarah Clarke also starred in Thirteen. She is a great actress.
She also starred in the movie True Grit.
You're welcome!
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks was written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010.
It is a genre Science
He also wrote The Good Dinosaur which is also a thriller
Of course! Are you partial to works written by Henning Koch or do you like them?
2012 is an amazing book written by Man Som Heter Ove. It is a great book
Sure! Did you like the movie because it was written by Matthew Vaughn?
I'd recommend World War Z, but World War Z is a action/drama.
Yes, The Golden Compass is a Sci-Fi adventure movie. Is that what you are looking for?
Interstellar starred Matthew McConaughey, Kevin Spacey, and Oliver Platt. Do you like any of these actors?
You are welcome.
It is written by Suzanne Collins and a Young-adult fiction. Have you read it?
He directed the comedy American Pie as well as The Golden Compass.
I am not sure but it did star Chris Weitz. Are you familiar with his work?
She also starred in Golden Compass, which is a comedy.
Glad to be of help
The only thing I know about him is that he is a tennis player. Is he your favorite tennis player?
I haven't. I've never been to a game. Who's your favorite player?
What is your favorite sport?
Absolutely! Melina Karakosta wrote Le Petit Prince.
He did, Le Petit Prince was co-written by Richard Howard.
I do not have that information, is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, did you like X-Men: The Last Stand because it starred Hugh Jackman?
The Last Stand has a genre of Fantasy, Action and Adventure. Do you like X-Men movies?
Logan is a superhero film and action film directed by David Ayer. If you want to see more about Logan, just let me know.
Certainly! Enjoy!
Yes! he is a great writer. Have you seen his movies?
Yeah, he wrote a lot of good movies like Where'd You Go, Bernadette, and Today Will Be Different. Have you seen any of them?
I like drama films, I think you might like The Warrior's Way, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen any of those?
You are welcome, I hope you enjoy them.
Yes. Peter Bart wrote The Godfather, The Godfather, and The Godfather
The Godfather was written by Marlon Brando, who also wrote The Godfather.
The Godfather was released in 2001 and starred Al Pacino, Marlon Brando and Marlon Brando
The Green Mile is written by Stephen King, who also wrote The Shawshank Redemption. Have you read that one?
Stephen King also wrote The Shawshank Redemption, have you read that?
There is a book adapted from The Dead Zone. It was released in 1996.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
You're welcome.
I sure can, She wrote one book called The Orphan Train which was released in 2013. Are you a fan of her work?
She also wrote A Piece of the World.
Yes. They are all in the Romance genre.
Will Smith of course! I Am Legend is a sci-fi film.
He also was in The Pursuit of Happiness, have you seen it?
He is in a lot of action movies. He was also in I, Robot with Will Smith. Have you seen this one?
Hot Fuzz is a black comedy and parody film. Are you interested in black films or comedy in general?
Dead to the World is also a action adventure film. Have you seen it yet?
Yes it is a Adventure movie. Witches Abroad is a good adventure movie.
he is a scottish drummer, do you like him?
I like him, but don't know much about him. Who is your favorite singer?
Yeah I do, he is a good artist. I like his voice a lot. Don't you think?
It was written in 1970 and written by Harper Lee.
Yes it was written by Felicia DeBonis
Sure, it was written by Claude-Michel Schönberg and stars Hugh Jackman, Eddie Redmayne and Anne Hathaway. Do you like Romance Films?
Have you seen The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo? It's a great romantic comedy.
Perhaps you would like X-Men 2. That's a great family comedy.
Yes, it was written by Quentin Tarantino and stars Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn. It's a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Deer Hunter is directed by Martin McDonagh
Yes, he is very talented
It also stars Meryl Streep
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
It was a great movie, actually. It was released in 2017 and has a lot of players on the team. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Cold Mountain is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers or Dramas?
I did, but I think Renee Zellweger also starred in Shark Tale and Monsters vs. Aliens.
Do you like this movie because it is a Fantasy?
J.K. Simmons is an actor. He starred in Young Adult. Have you seen that movie?
He has also starred in The Assassination of J.K. Simmons.
It also stars Stephen Fry and Rupert Everett. Have you seen it?
Ronan Bennett was one of the starring actors in Public Enemies. Stephen Graham and Shawn Hatosy also starred in it.
Speaking of Johnny Depp, was in The Rum Diary and L.A. Without a Map.
Well it's more of a thriller, he was in The Rum Diary with Amber Heard. Do you like thrillers?
Well, it's a good one! I think you'll like it. Enjoy!
The movie stars Harrison Ford and Sela Ward. Are you a fan?
I am not sure, but it also starred Daniel Radcliffe.
Yes, I agree that you would enjoy it.
Have you seen American Gangster or The Fugitive?
Yes he was, along with Harrison Ford.
Whatever Works have you done?
Yes. J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Ban
There is a short story released in 1904. Are you interested in any of those?
It's children's literature, fiction, children's literature.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
The same Karim Benzema of Real Madrid C.F.? I don't really know him
I think he plays for Manchester United F.C.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Gary Scott Thompson and stars Paul Walker. Are you interested in it?
VIn Diesel also starred in The Chronicles of Riddick and Fast Five. Do you like sci-fi?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Joh Favreau wrote Made, starring Faizon Love, and Jonathan Silverman
Yes and he also starred in a movie called Faizon Love which is a comedy.
That's a good one, too. Would you like to see this movie?
Yes and he also starred in WALL-E which is a comedy.
I'm not sure but he did star in The Gazebo as well
The Gazebo is a drama film directed by Quentin Tarantino
Sure, Seth MacFarlane wrote the Love Story starring George Clooney. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure, it stars Brad Pitt, Seth MacFarlane and it has a genre of Comedy, Comedy, and Action
Sure, I see that Seth MacFarlane is a voice actor, director and producer
Skyfall stars Chow Yun-fat, Mira Sorvino, Michael Shannon and David Nicholson.
Sure, Rory Kinnear starred in The First Men in the Moon, The Longest Ride and The Good Girl.
Mark Wahlberg produced this film as well as The Wedding Date.
It is a thriller as well as romance.
Yes! Adventure is great. Have you seen The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars?
Hope you enjoy it!
Sure, it is written by Charlaine Harris and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
That's a good one too. Would you like to read it?
I am afraid I don't have any information on other books by him.
No problem, enjoy.
Sure, He directed the movie Three Kings. Are you a fan of adventure films?
It is considered a Fantasy, Thriller and Drama. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes she was, along with Danny DeVito.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes. Did you know that book was written by John Green?
I think that's all that I know of, but he was influenced by Rick Riordan
It came out in 2008 and is in the young adult genre.
Max Brooks wrote World War Z, are you interested in that book?
It was released in 2004.
Sure thing!
Enjoy!
Sure! He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, and Turbo. The Proposal was a great movie too.
You should check it out. It's a thriller too.
You have a lot!
Sure, ufus Beck wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban and the genre Young-adult fiction
There is The Hunger Games written by J.R.R. Tolkien
There is The Good Doctor or The Edge of Tomorrow.
Yes, it was written by Michael Endehner in the fantasy genre too.
Great action movie starring Tom Cruise. Do you like because Tom Cruise is in it or because it is a action movie?
Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder with Jerry Maguire.
Happy to help
My pleasure.
Glad to help!
Isn't he married to Cameron Diaz who starred in Shrek 2?
Yes, he wrote that and starred Ella Enchanted too.
I do and its a drama with a lot of people in it. Do you like dramas?
It was written by Robert Wade and Ian Fleming great writers.
If you like Tim Allen, you should check out Out of Sight and The Hunt for Red October. They are both spy films.
It is a drama, with a lot of action in it. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I know he plays for the Mexico national football team
I believe the Team coached by Ryan Giggs, but I don't really know much about soccer.
You are welcome. Have a good day.
O Alquimista was written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988. In English, it's called The Alchemist. Have you read this book?
O Alquimista was released in 1988 and is in English.
Yes he wrote Onze minutos. Onze minutos was released in 1987. He also wrote Therese Raquin
He starred in movies such as Turbulence, The Shawshank Redemption, The Mist and The Green Mile. Have you heard of these movies?
Yes, she did. She also starred in The Mist and The Lawnmower Man. Have you seen those?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, he is an athlete from Greifswald and plays for the Germany national football team
The Kansas City Chiefs are a AFC West National Footbal league team and was founded by Lamar Hunt.
I like to watch football. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who is yours?
The Redskins, that's awesome! What is your favorite team?
The invention of wings is a book written by Peter Hyams.
The Last Samurai is starring Yuki Matsuzaki. what else can i answer for you?
I don't think so, but The Pink Panther is a drama/crime movie. Would you like to hear more about it?
He was also in The Green Mile, which is a historical period drama.
Sure. Other movies in the same genre include The Slippery Slope, The Other Man, and The Incredible Hulk.
You're welcome. It's very sad.
They're pretty good. They were runners up in the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
I haven't seen it yet, but I've heard it's very good!
Yes! Jerry Maguire starred in Jerry Maguire, is that a comedy-drama film?
I'm not sure. However, you might enjoy X-Men Apocalypse or Vacation.
He starred in Battleship with Louis Lombardi and in The Kingdom with Jennifer Garner.
It is a War film and animation. If you like Liam Neeson, you should definitely see it.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Wonder was written by RJ Palacio and released in 2012. The genre is an Action Film. Do you like action films?
Yes, Wonder was written by R.J. Palacio. Are you interested in hearing about other books by him?
Yes. It was also released that year.
Were you looking for something else written by Jeff VanderMeer?
Your welcome
Bill Murray starred in Zombieland with John Lennon. Have you seen that?
I am not sure, but he was also in Rear Window which is a drama.
She wrote The Scarlet Letter
She has written The House of Seven Gables, which is a Historical Novel.
It is a romance novel.
It was written in 1850
How about The Fault in Our Stars?
I know that it was written by Jane Austen and released in 1817.
Other books by Jane Austen include Sense and Sensibility and Pride and Prejudice.
If you liked romance, you may also enjoy Persuasion.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Yes, he starred in A Beautiful Mind and the TV show Rhoda.
Sure, it's a comedy/drama released in 2002.
Tower Heist was a comedy. Do you like comedies?
You may like The Ugly Truth or The Longest Ride.
She wrote оскресение and нна аренина. Have you heard of them?
Yes, Louise Maude wrote a book in Russian, like The Handmaid's Tale and The Double.
You're welcome!
I've never actually seen it, but I love Orlando Bloom!
He starred in other Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl and Troy.
The Memory Keeper's daughter original language is English
I recommend The Lake of Dreams and The Secrets of a Fire King. Do you like novels?
What do you think of The Lake of Dreams?
Snow Crash is a Speculative Fiction book written by Neal Stephenson. Do you like his books?
Sure! Chris Evans has starred in What's Your Number and The Perfect Score.
Chris Evans also starred in the movie, The Nanny Diaries, which is a comedy.
I don't have that information. However, I can find it interesting to you.
Enjoy the movie!
The Great Gatsby is a timeless classic! Are you interested in books about the American Dream, or would you prefer other works by F. Scott Fitzgerald?
Yes he is the author and he also wrote To Have and Have Not
You're welcome
You are welcome
Sure! He is a Swiss professional tennis player. Do you enjoy tennis?
Not really. I know he is from Switzerland and participated in the 2012 Olympics.
Yes, he has competed in the 2012 Olympics.
There is a next in series to it, named Sellevision.
A Wolf at the Table was released in 2007 and is in the English language. Would you like to know more about this book?
I am not sure about that, but it is a sequel.
Enjoy!
I have no idea, can you suggest any?
Ordinary Day the Genre for it is a fantasy, speculative fiction.
Terry Pratchett wrote that one, along with Zoe's Tale.
Do you like Wes Craven because it is a drama?
It is a horror film, He also starred in Scream 4.
Yes he does, he also starred in The Shaggy Dog and The Bone Collector.
Happy to help!
Of course, Anne Rice wrote Vittorio the Vampire and Violin.
Yes, she did write Frankenstein, and Violin.
Yes she did. She also wrote The Titan's Curse and The Great Gatsby.
Sure, have you read The Absolute Sandman, Volume One?
There is also The Graveyard Book and The End of the Affair that you may enjoy
You're welcome.
Lois Lowry wrote The Patriot. It was turned into a Drama movie. Do you like dramas?
It's considered a satire and was released in 2010
It was released in 1997
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Are you interested in his work?
Sure, he directed Moon, Warcraft, and Source Code.
Scott Glenn starred in it. It's a sci-fi film.
It's a War film as well as a comedy.
The Minnesota Vikings are coached by Mike Zimmer and a part of the National Football League. Do you like Football?
I hope the Seahawks will make it to the Super Bowl this year.
Oprah Winfrey is my current favorite player, and I think the Seahawks will be doing well this year.
No, I've only seen the game live in person. Do you like Pete Carroll?
Most definitely! It was produced by George Lucas, who created the Star Wars saga!
George A. Romero is the director
He also directed A Bug's Life which is another good one.
Yes, I love mystery thrillers!
He is one of my favorite actors, but will have to check him out. I hear he is a great actor
I haven't seen it but I've heard it's good. i hope you enjoy it.
Sure, do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien? He wrote this book.
Yes, J.R.R. also wrote The Lord of the Rings, have you read that?
by John Lee Hancock?
It has a great cast. It's considered a Romance, Comedy, Romance and Historical period drama.
He was in The People Speak, Push, Nevada.
No problem.
The Lightning Thief is a young-adult-speculative fiction written by Rick Riordan. Are you a fan of this author?
Yes, I have read The Titan's Curse, The Son of Sobek, and The Red Pyramid.
It's a fantasy, so you might like The Lightning Thief, or The Titan's Curse.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
She starred in Mad Max: Fury Road and Wicked. Is there anything else I can help with?
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is one she wrote. Have you seen that one?
That's Daniel Radcliffe starred in this movie. Is there anything else I can help with?
Sure, Inception is starring Tom Hardy and Christopher Nolan, who also starred in Sudden Death which is an action/adventure film.
The Prestige is starring Christian Bale and Hugh Jackman.
Sure! For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway. It is a war novel that was released in 1929.
He wrote To Have and Have Not and The Sun Also Rises.
Absolutely, enjoy
Yes he stars in Deadpool a comedy and also starred Ryan Reynolds. Do you like his work?
Deadpool also stars Stefan Kapicic, Ryan Reynolds and Ed Skrein
Deadpool is a comedy
He is a Writer
Yes, Lebron James was the runner-up for the 2008 UEFA Champions League Final.
That's right. he was influenced by Alonzo Mourning
Are you looking for other books by John Green, or other thrillers?
Yes. John Green wrote The Fault in Our Stars. He also wrote Paper Towns.
Have you read the book or read the book?
Yes, This Lullaby is written by Ernest Hemingway and is a romance novel
Enjoy!
James Franco has been in Palo Alto, Your Highness and Whatever It Takes .
Whatever It Takes stars Gerard Butler and its a romatic comedy, have you seen this movie?
It was released in 2004.
Enjoy!
I know she was in The Joy Luck Club, The Hundred Secret Senses and The Valley of Amazement.
I'm sorry, I don't have anymore information on that.
Yes it is. Would you like me to add it to your list?
Yes, I liked him in The Apostle. Have you seen it?
It starred Harrison Ford and Farrah Fawcett.
I don't know, but Robert Duvall also directed it.
I'm not sure but Bruce Willis was in it.
You're welcome.
P.C. Cast wrote the movie Mark Waters.
Let's see...Joel Edgerton stars in The Spiderwick Chronicles.
It is a biographical film, similar to The End of the Affair.
Your welcome.
Yes, Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Another similar book is Sense and Sensibility.
Jane Austen has written many books, including Sense and Sensibility, Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion.
Sure! She wrote White Oleander, I loved that movie. She also wrote Paint It Black.
The genres of White Oleander are Young-adult fiction and Fantasy.
Have a great day!
Akira Kurosawa is a Japanese film director. He directed Seven Samurai. Do you like his films?
He has starred in all of his movies. You might enjoy Akira Kurosawa or Tika Sumpter's fantasy movies.
Seven Samurai starred Keanu Reeves and Akira Kurosawa.
I'm sorry I don't have a link for that.
Chris Columbus directed this film. Would you like to know more about this movie?
he wrote Les Miserables didn't he?
That is correct. He also wrote The Fault in Our Stars
Cool! How about some popular plays, like Romeo and Juliet?
Oh wow, I'm sorry I don't know much about it
Once Upon a Time in the West is a western film similar to Open Range & Posse.
Shane has written a lot of thrillers, including Jack Palance and Heath Ledger
Your welcome
Yes. Jodi Picoult wrote Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts. Have you read those?
There's The Looking Glass Wars, and The Golden Compass.
You're welcome.
Yes, I like Charles Dickens. He wrote The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club, Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop.
Charles Dickens also wrote A Christmas Carol, Oliver Twist. Have you read that one?
Yes he did! That one is a great book.
That's right! I think I'll add it to your list. Enjoy!
Enjoy!
He is an athlete who was drafted to play basketball as a point guard with Seattle Supersonics.
No, I don't
I do like to watch football. My favorite team is the Lakers
No, I haven't but I've heard they have a good season this year.
I have not seen it but I know it was written by William Nicholson
He also directed The Importance of Being Earnest, which is a comedy. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure. If you like comics, Hellboy is probably my favorite.
Atlas Shrugged is written by Leonard Peikoff and Ayn Rand. We the Living and Anthem are similar.
Yes, she wrote We Are the Living and Ayn Rand. Would you like to know more?
The book was released in 1957 and it is also a part of a series.
If I Stay is written by Gayle Forman, and is a fantasy novel. Is that what you are looking for?
You can try When You Reach Me or Wicked Lovely
You are most welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
You are welcome.
Certainly, Mark Osborne directed The Little Prince, Kung Fu Panda and the Spongebob Square Pants Movie.
Yes, he was in Kung Fu Panda 2 and also SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
He's amazing! He's also in The Kung Fu Panda 2 and Monsters vs. Aliens.
Great! I'll add Superbad to your watch list.
Sure, Do you like the author James Patterson or the genre?
Sure, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
I would recommend Midnight Sun, The Two Towers and The Silence of the Lambs. Have you heard of those?
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
They are a really good basketball team, coached by Steve Kerr. Are you a fan?
Not really. I think it's located in the United States like Lakers.
No, I am not a huge fan of basketball. Are you?
I enjoy football. What's your favorite team?
Yes, he is a cricket player from Delhi and he plays Cricket.
Yeah, and he is a quarterback.
It looks like he was married to Gisele Bundchen.
Sure, John Boyne wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read it?
It's a mystery, similar to The Boy in the Striped Pajamas.
It was released in 2006, the same year as The Lion, The Witch and the Wardrobe was released.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The film was directed by Tony Gilroy and Tamara Tunie directed The Devil's Advocate.
Yvonne Zima starred in Blood In, Blood Out.
It was released in 1980 and is a drama.
No problem!
Divergent is from the Utopian and Dystopian fiction genre. Would you be interested in other films in that genre?
You might enjoy The Hunger Games or The Hunger Games.
Sure Besides Elle s'appelait Sarah, Tatiana de Rosney wrote Boomerang.
She did, and it's in the Science Fiction genre.
I don't know, but it's listed as speculative fiction and science fiction. Do you like those genres?
Your welcome.
She wrote the Childrens novel Black Beauty
She was born in 1867, the same year that the series of the book was released.
You're welcome.
I have, Adam Levine is an amazing vocalists and Maroon 5 musicians are tight. Do you know the song?
Yes he does. He was in the tv show Wag the Dog.
I think it was a show as well. Another good show is Shake it off. Have you seen it?
Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline and was released in 2013. Do you like the author Christina Baker Kline?
No, Orphan Train is historical fiction. Do you like her work?
I really like all the work of Christina Baker Kline. Do you like her work as well?
Glad to help
Do you like the Thriller aspect of it?
Street Kings is starring Matt Damon and Josh Brolin.
I believe it is a drama
You are welcome.
Sure, J.J. Cohen starred in Back to the Future, which also stars Thomas F. Wilson. Have you seen it?
Yes, Back to the Future with Lea Thompson was really good. It's a great Adventure and Sci-Fi movie. There's a 3D version if you like Adventure.
CCH Pounder is an author, he wrote The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Curse.
Oh, he did. That's a great movie. Would you like to know more about Kevin Zegers?
Agreed, it also has genre Mystery as well.
Yes, Zodiac is more of a crime and drama film. Would you like to see it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I love Russel Wilson. He was great in The Matrix. I'm a fan of his.
Yes he does. Have you seen his game?
Not a big football fan but if I'd like to watch it
Sure, Hayao Miyazaki directed The Phantom and the Kite Runner.
Ponyo starred in it as well as Hayao Miyazaki. Hayao also directed Ponyo.
It was released in 2005 and starred Charlize Theron. It was also directed by Hayao Miyazaki.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Good Will Hunting is a great movie, have you seen it?
I recommend Unsolved Insolved Forever, and The Manchurian Candidate. They're all great!
Awesome! Have a great day!
It's a thriller, but is also a psychological thriller. I think you will enjoy it!
Sure thing! Have you seen We Need to Talk About?
I am a big fan of him, he is a quarterback for the New orleans Saints. Do you like him?
I'm not sure if he had a chance to play for the Saints. Who is your favorite football team?
Hope they have a good chance.
Sure! Bruce Willis wrote and starred in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen it?
I like some of them. Have you heard of him in Hudson Hawk?
Eddie Redmayne and Channing Tatum also star in it. Do you like them?
I am not sure about that, but I can tell you that Elisabeth Shue is in the Thriller genre.
Done. Enjoy!
You're welcome.
Clint Eastwood also starred in Gran Torino. It was also produced by Clint Eastwood. Do you like Clint Eastwood films?
Warm Bodies starred Cory Hardrict and Clint Eastwood. Would you like to know more about it?
Terry Pratchett starred in this movie. Would you like to know more about Cory Hardrict?
You are very welcome, please enjoy
I would recommend both Radiance and Warbreaker.
It was released in 2014. It is a crime fiction.
It was released in 2004. Would you like to know more about this book?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Do you like movies Mandy Moore starred in?
Certainly! One of my favorites is The Lion King. Have you seen that?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But if you like Molly Shannon, you might like The Good Dinosaur which is also in the Disney genre.
The Farthest Shore is a similar work. Are you a fan of speculative fiction?
Yes, he wrote Xenocide which is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Xenocide is a science fiction novel, have you read that one?
Great, enjoy!
Sure, he directed the movie Three Kings. Are you a fan of adventure films?
Of course, he starred in Three Kings
You are welcome.
Anthony Daniels is an actor who starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
He has also starred in the Star Wars film, Twilight, and The Cast Away.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome.
Forrest Gump starring Tom Hanks was an awesome movie
No, I'm sorry but I don't have any information on any other movies
You're Welcome
I liked A Christmas Carol by Charles Dickens. Did you know that he wrote The Good Dinosaur?
It is a Christmas story and if you haven't seen it, you should check it out.
Gothic fiction. What's Your Number and Wild Seed to name a few?
Yes. Then you might like London as well.
Sure, Enjoy.
That team is owned by Jeffrey Lurie, isn't it?
Did you know Philadelphia Eagles won the Superbowl for last season?
I didn't know that. I know Philadelphia Eagles were drafted too.
I did not know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The author of Watership Down is Richard Adams
Yes, it is considered to be speculative fiction. Other examples are The Last Olympian and The Sea of Monsters.
Yes, it is considered children's literature as well. Another good one is The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
The are a pretty good team. Do you follow football much?
They were the runner up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
It should be a good one. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys though.
Sure thing! He is best known for his movie Troy, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Have you heard of X-Men 2 or World Without End? They are both historical fiction.
It is a great movie. Ryan Gosling is also in it. I think you'll enjoy it.
Certainly. Enjoy!
Did you like the Sci-Fi aspect of it?
It's a sci-fi and fantasy, as well as science fiction. Which one is your favorite?
It's a good one! It stars Charlize Theron and Tom Hardy. I'll have to check it out!
Oh great! I'll have to watch it again, thanks.
Yes i have it, 50/50 is a Comedy/drama starring Paul Walker and Sean Penn. Do you like those kind of movies?
Yes he was, and so was Scarlett Johansson.
I'm sorry I don't have that information but I can tell you it was a comedy.
True Believer is another good book, Do you like books by Nicholas Sparks?
Nicholas Sparks, I don't have any information on the author.
No, it isn't. It's actually the first book for a Girl with a Pearl Earring.
Hes great and has a wonderful wife in Gisele
Well Wildcats was a great movie. I've seen the movies. But it's very entertaining!
He was great in Couples Retreat. I think you might like that.
Sure. Are you in to sci-fi movies? The Alien movies were directed by the great James Cameron.
Volcano was directed by Roland Emmerich and it starred Tom Hanks. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
I'm not sure Tommy Lee Jones was in but the Sci-Fi Adventure X-Men series was directed by the great Steven Spielberg. Have you seen it?
Yes he was, also in Dante's Peak. You may want to watch that one as well.
Enjoy!
I did enjoy The Butterfly Effect. I remember it starred Ashton Kutcher and Amy Smart. It was written by Eric Brass and J Mackye Gruber, released in 2004. It was written by Eric Brass and J Mackye Gruber.
William Scott starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Great, you may like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
Sure! Leonard Nimoy starred in The Halloween Tree and The Halloween Tree. Have you seen either of those?
Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home is a Sci-Fi movie. Would you like to hear more about this?
The Voyage Home stars Kenny Baker and Amy Warren. It is a Science Fiction Comedy. Do you like science fiction movies?
You are welcome. Have a great day!
OK, have a good day!
Inside Man is a Thriller starring Denzel Washington. Have you seen it?
Yes! The Big Hit is a great thriller movie. If you like thrillers, you should check out Zodiac or Yesterday Was A Lie.
No problem. Enjoy!
Cesc Fabregas is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Premier League club Chelsea and The Spanish National Team.
Yes it's an interesting sport to play but I don't know much about it. Are you a fan?
No, I don't know much about him. Is he your favorite tennis player?
I don't really know much but I think they are in the NBA and owned by Jay-Z.
Did you know he is also a member of the Chicago Bears?
He did, the Milwaukee Bucks were runner ups in the 2008 Summer Olympics
Yes, it is a very good movie. It is starred by Christopher Nolan and stars Thomas Lennon and Jora Fox and its a Thriller.
The Prestige stars Hugh Jackman, Christian Bale, Scarlett Johannson and Michael Caine. Are you interested in this film because of its element of magic?
I have not seen this movie but will check it out
Calvin Harris is a well known DJ that has also wrote some songs like We Found Love, and Dance With Me.
Rita Ora is a dance pop artist. She started as a child actor in The Break-Up.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Adam Brown starred in the Hobbit series. Are you interested in fantasy genre films?
Then I strongly recommend the movie Awakening, have you seen it?
Is there anything else I can assist you with?
Certainly. Glad to be of help
Great. Glad I could help.
I think he plays basketball as a shooting guard. He was born here in LA.
Yes, he recently won the NBA All-Rookie of the Year Award.
Yes, you are right and i don't know much about basketball
Harrison Ford and Ray Winstone starred in it. Are you interested in any of them?
Yes he was in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
There's The Legend of Tarzan
Your welcome
Crescendo is written by Paulo Coelho and he also wrote I am Malala
She also wrote Hush Hush and Silence, its more of adult fiction, she also write Fantasy and Romance whats your interest?
Sure, Becca Fitzpatrick also wrote Silence and Hush, Hush, which are young-adult fiction.
Sure, The maze Runner is first in a series, next is The Scorch Trials then The Kill Order. Have you seen those?
Young adult fiction is The Scort Runner. The Scort Runner is starring Matt Damon and Josh Brolin
You're welcome.
Why certainly! A few of his films I recommend are Zodiac, The Good Girl, and The Day After Tomorrow.
Perhaps you would like The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York, which is also a romance film.
He is very talented, most of his movies are a drama, as well as The Day After Tomorrow, as well as The Dark Knight Rises.
Yes, he directed friends with Benefits. Justin Timberlake starred in it.
Annie stars Shelley Duvall and Ken Jeong to name a few
Jamie Foxx also starred in A Good Day to Die Hard and Shaun of the Dead
The Notebook was written by Nicholas Sparks, who also wrote Two By Two.
Yes, he was Message in a Bottle was released in 2016
The Notebook was released in 2016 and the same year as The Notebook. Message in the bottle was released.
Rick Riordan wrote the book, The Notebook, in case you like the more recent ones.
Yes, he was the author of the book.
You are very welcome! He wrote Message in the Water, The Notebook, and Message in the Water.
Sure! Twilight: The Complete Illustrated Movie Companion is written by Rick Riordan. It's a great book. What's your favorite book?
It's a book that was released in 2006 and has also written in English.
You're welcome!
Sure, Good in Bed was written by Nicholas Sparks who also wrote The Black Dahlia. Have you read that one?
Chris Bigsby is a great author. He wrote The Crucible and All My Sons.
The Crucible is genre Tragedy.
He also wrote The Crucible, The Time Machine and The Invisible Man.
Sure. You're welcome! Have a great day.
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season. Do you follow them?
They are. They're having a good season this year. Who is their coach?
They are doing well this year, and their coach Pete Carroll is doing a great job.
Lolita is a Romance novel. Is that the genre you are looking for?
It is written in English and released in 1962
I like poetry. you are welcome. Hope you enjoy
you are welcome. Enjoy
No, I haven't. Isn't he married to Cameron Diaz from Shrek?
Yes, Jessica Biel also had a spouse in Jessica Biel. What do you think of her?
Yes I have. It's one of my favorite actors. Kevin Spacey and Annette Benning star in it.
They were written by John Tiffany
She also wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard and The Casual Vacancy, have you read those?
It was released in 2014 and is in the Fantasy genre. Are you interested in Fantasy books?
Of course, if you like Autobiographical books, I would recommend Running with Scissors, Running with Scissors.
Sorry, I don't have that information right now. But, it was released in 1998 and is a book of the same name.
Both were written by J. K. Rowling. They were released in 2016. She also wrote The Silkworm.
She also wrote The Casual Vacancy, The Silkworm and The Casual Vacancy.
I'm not sure but the book is in English.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I actually don't, but the book is in English.
No problem. Glad to help.
I do! Total Recall is a Sci-Fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Would you like to hear more?
I don't know him, but he plays for France national football team
I like Basketball. What is your favorite team?
I have a habit of that. I don't watch it often like i use to.
I've always liked the movie Space Jam.
No problem. Gordon Ramsey was a great athlete as well.
Inception is written by Christopher Nolan, Christopher Nolan wrote Inception, which also wrote The Prestige.
Yes, she was in that movie along with Anne-Marie Duff.
Enigma was released in 1985 and also stars Denis O'Hare
Certainly.
Rob Reiner is an author he wrote This Is Spinal Tap.
He also directed This is Spinal Tap, which was writen by Harry Met Sally and also directed This is Spinal Tap.
Let's see...The Gone with the Wind is a popular one.
Your welcome.
Jamie Ford wrote Songs of Willow Frost.
They both Fiction.
You are welcome.
I agree! I think she's grown into a fine singer. I like her in Ramona and Beezus
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You might like The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. It's a Mystery.
Did you like Michael Parks because it is a drama or a comedy?
They didn't win but the Red Sox were runner-up in the 1986 & 1975 World Series. Are you a baseball fan?
Baseball is my favorite team, but I am not a baseball fan. Are you?
It would be considered a baseball player, as well as a baseball team, but my favorite team is the Red Sox. Do you have a favorite team?
I think he is a very talented golfer, do you follow golf?
Wow, I am not sure. I think he won the 2012 PGA Championship.
That's impressive. He lost to Phil Mickelson, did you know his sister is Tina Mickelson?
Yes, The Hurt Locker is starring Kathryn Bigelow
Yes he did, he also starred in the movie Thor.
Sure, it also stars Jeremy Renner, a writer, and a director.
Sure thing.
The Arizona Cardinals are a football team in the NFC West.
there is no information about that
Yes I do like college football. Who is your favorite team?
I don't know a lot, but I do know he's a professional footballer from Barcelona.
I don't know much about soccer, but I heard he's really good. Who is your favorite player?
I don't know much, I prefer American football. I used to play my pick of sports
Unfortunately i have not read the book or heard of Gabriel Garcia Marquez the author.
Another similar book is El amor en los tiempos del cólera.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Sorry.
Do you like it because it's a mystery or a science fiction?
It is a thriller / Thriller.
Ok, it was written by James Dashner. It's also a Mystery.
You're welcome!
Atonement is written by Ian McEwan and stars Thomas Lennon. It's a great movie!
I'd recommend The Fault in Our Stars or The Face on the Milk Carton. Both are excellent romance films.
Have you heard of Apocalypse Now? It's more of a Tragicomedy.
Sure, he wrote Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow.
Great, if you like horror, you might enjoy Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee and Kyla Pratt. It's a great one.
Sure, some actors in the film are Zombieland, Jeremy Renner, and George Clooney. Are you a fan of any of them?
Enjoy!
Sure, Snow Flower and the Secret Fan is a novel written by Lisa See and it is part of a series. Have you read it?
It is considered a Historical fiction and Speculative Fiction.
It sure is! Have you heard of Xenocide or Wyrd Sisters? They are both historical fiction books.
I've heard that that! I don't know much about her, but I do know that she plays badminton. Is that a sport you enjoy?
No, but I believe she was in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Yes it is. The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet is also the same piece.
If you like Romeo and Juliet, you should check out his work. He has written a lot of great works.
Yes she is. You should check it out
It was written by Sense and Sensibility, who also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
Okay Sense and Sensibility was also written by Jane Austen
I like his song Hero, it came out a while ago. Do you?
I think she is a good actress. Did you know she also starred in The Muppets?
Did you know I'm also a fan of dance-pop music?
The Aviator stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Frances Conroy. Are you a fan?
James Franco and Ben Stiller also starred in The Aviator.
He was also in Man of Steel. Anything else I can help you with today?
Ok.
He wrote School Daze, starring Jake Gyllenhaal
Yes, she is in that movie. It's a very different kind of movie.
You're welcome. Enjoy.
She wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read either ?
It is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
I do not know that one I'm sorry
Absolutely, I will send it right now
I believe he is an athlete but can't recall what sport he plays. Wait, I think it's Golf.
yes i love golf. what is your fav player?
no but i like to watch it. which sport do you like?
i like to watch Gymnastics. what about you?
great. i have to go to Wimbledon some day. how about you?
hes a quarterback for the Green Bay Packers. do you like football?
I think they are okay. Do you like them?
Cam Newton. He plays for the Atlanta Falcons.
How are the Patriots doing this year?
Yes! She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Elie Wiesel.
Yes! It was released in 1958 and is a Speculative fiction.
Yes. The Man in Havana was written by Marion Wiesel. Would you like to read it?
Ethan Suplee starred in Vulgar
Yes. Ethan Suplee also starred in Chasing Harry Winston. He also starred in Clerks II.
Yes. William Lee Scott starred in the Butterfly Effect. He also starred in The Final Destination.
You are welcome.
Sure. Their most recent album is titled "Lord of the Flies" , which was written by Warner Bros. Entertainment. Do you like sci-fi?
Yes, Gwyneth Paltrow did star in that movie.
I have never heard of that. Can you tell me more about it?
You're welcome. Would you like me to send it to you?
I like them and Tom Brady and Owner Robert Kraft
Yes, it is. Along with the NFL as well.
Oh, I see. I am not a big football fan.
Walter Payton also won the MVP. He was a great athlete.
Terry George has directed Hotel Rwanda, starring Sophie Okonedo and Joaquin Phoenix
He also directed the Jungle Book. Have you seen that one?
Hotel Rwanda is an indie film drama.
Your welcome
Sure! Beatrix Potter wrote The Tale of Peter Rabbit.
It was released in 2011. Do you like fantasy books?
Yes. Beatrix Potter is listed as a writer for Fantasy. He also wrote the Harry Potter series.
You're welcome.
Sure! It was written by Michel Gondry and stars Hugh Jackman.
He has also starred in Fifty Shades of Grey and Jigsaw.
Sure, it is a science fiction film with a bit of drama.
It is a romantic comedy. I hope you enjoy it.
That is a romantic comedy.
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland was written by Tim Burton.
He also wrote The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe. What else can I do for you?
Great! Anything else I can help with?
You're welcome
The Incredibles is written by Brad Bird. Brad Bird starred in Ratatouille. what else can i do for you?
The Incredibles was released in 2007 and stars Chris Hemsworth. Is there anything in particular you would like to know?
Both Charlie Bewley and Charlie Bewley starred in Ratatouille.
Yes, he plays professional basketball as a point guard for the Denver nuggets
I'm not a big fan, I don't know much about it. I prefer American football, soccer and football. Do you like it?
No, I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. Which is your favorite team?
I like Basketball and Football. What about you?
I don't know much about the baseball, all I know is that it's very similar to the New England Patriots.
I do,a ctually. It's written by Jim Uhls and stars Edward Norton with Brad Pitt. Have you seen it?
Sure, I enjoyed Walk Away and Behind These Hazel Eyes. Big hits for her? What about you?
Yeah, I like her too, I like her too. Did you know she is friends with Kelly?
Oh, I see. I'm not a fan of the music genre, but I do know that she has a good voice.
There is a heavy metal and rock genre as well.
Of course! Hot Fuzz is a comedy starring Jim Carrey. Are you interested in a particular genre?
Sure Shooter was written by Stephen Hunter and he also directed V for Vendetta.
Shark Night is a thriller, written by him. It also stars Katharine McPhee, who also stars in it.
Sure, Rum Diary stars Robert Downey Jr, and Jake Gyllenhaal
You're welcome.
I've not really followed him much in Golf. I do enjoy golf movies more. How about Caddyshack and Happy Gilmore? Hilarious i think.
Did you know he was born in Dallas?
No, I haven't played any golf that far, but I did hear that Jordan Alexander Spieth was an American professional golfer from Dallas, Texas.
Serenity was written by Joss Whedon, and stars Jennifer Jason Leigh.
You're welcome. Sending them now.
You're welcome.
It is both a Sci-Fi and Action Film.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Michael Gondy is an actor who starred in movies like Nikita and Gangster Squad.
Be Kind Remind starred Quinton Aaron, Ben Stiller, and Jess Harnell. Would you like to know more about Quinton Aaron?
Sure, Maroon 5 is a member of many people. Does Adam Levine ring a bell?
I like lloyd banks hes that do you like?
Okay, I'll have to check them out, thank you for the suggestion.
Yes, I am a fan. I like Moonwalker, how about you?
Honestly I don't think so, I couldn't find that out.
That's cool. i'll have to check it out
He plays for the Argentina national football team
How are they doing this season?
I agree, I enjoy Mark Hughes! He is a great player.
Shrek is a family genre movie. Is that what you are looking for?
Sure, have you seen The Cabin in the Woods?
Rob Zombie and Zach Galifianakis are in it, as well as Ryan Reynolds is in it.
You're welcome.
Lea Thompson starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wild Life. Do either of those sound interesting?
Lea Thompson is the main character in the film. It is a fantasy film. Do you like fantasy?
Lea Thompson is the main character in the film. Can I help you with anything else?
She wrote Hush Hush and Silence and Hush, Hush. Have you read either?
She also wrote Silence and Hush, Hush
Hush hush is a fantasy novel
You are welcome
Ed Harris directed the movie. Have you seen it?
He also wrote X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Zoe Zaldana and Channing Tatum are in it
You are most welcome!
Gore Verbinski wrote/directed the Family film Rango starring Johnny Depp. do you like Johnny Depp movies?
It is a martial arts film, do you like those genres?
Yes! Rango is an action film, crime, drama.
Your welcome!
Would you like to hear about other adventure movies like 21 Jump Street?
Ride along has a genre of Adventure and Action. Do you like those genres?
That is really true. You are welcome.
There are a few blockbusters that you might like like The X-Men Origins and Where Men Win Glory. Have you seen any of these?
Yes, I do. She wrote A Little Princess, which is Speculative fiction.
Alright! Are you interested in other books by him or books in the same genre?
The Vampire Chronicles is a fantasy book! It's part of a series. I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins, who also wrote Gregor and the Marks of Secret. Have you read that one yet?
It was released in 1985.
No problem. Glad to help.
She wrote Mansfield Park and it was released in 2012. Have you heard of them?
Mansfield Park is an historical fiction. Do you like historical fiction?
Yes, Mansfield Park is considered a romance.
Yes the genre is murder mystery.
Definitely! I like Murder on the Orient Express. Did you know it was released in 2013?
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
The genre is Thriller and Speculative Fiction. Is that what you are looking for?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Les visiteurs and Amélie are good ones. Have you seen these?
Amelie is a horror movie and also starred by Louis Sachar.
Sure. Jean-Pierre Jeunet also directed A Very Long Engagement and Micmacs.
His recent song is Kind of a Funny Story. His most recent song is Don't Go Breaking My Heart.
Yes, he is from Leesburg.
He has a unique label that signed Too Short and Clear and Present Dangerous Mind.
Marlon Brando starred in Viva Zapata!, The Young Lions, and The Wild One. Have you seen those?
He starred in X-Men Apocalypse Now, have you seen that one?
I'd say it's a drama. It's more of a drama, but I think you might like It's Love Story, or Fifty Shades of Grey.
Stephen Curry is a great player. Is he your favorite player?
Yes I am a basketball fan
Yes he did, and he is a good player
Me too, LeBron is a great player as well. Do you know any other players?
Mervyn Peake is a artist and author, she wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and was influenced by Michael Moorcock
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was an original tale.
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Sure, he wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that one?
Scarlett Johansson also starred in Machine Gun McCain. He was also in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly
Yes she was, she played the main character in The Incredible Mrs. Ritchie
Enjoy!
Drinks are the only ones I can recommend.
I couldn't stop laughing watching the movie. It was released in 2012 and has a genre of romance and comedy.
I think he was a voice actor in The Virgin Queen.
Ok great, can I help you with anything else?
I will have to check it out. Thanks for the information.
The sequel to The Dark Knight is Batman Begins.
How about Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade? It's also a comedy.
I'm sorry I don't have that information, but if you like adventure movies you have The Time Machine and The Chronicles of Narnia.
It is a movie starring Robert De Niro and Emilio Estevez.
i hope you enjoy it. Anything else I can help you with?
The complete Anne of green gables, blue castle and the Rilla of Ingleside. Want to know more?
It came out in 1967. Have you read it?
The Witch of Blackbird Pond,The Red Queen, and The Giver.
Sure, Christopher Meloni also starred in Wet Hot American Summer. Have you seen that one yet?
Then you might enjoy The Warrior's Way, or The Manchurian Candidate.
In addition to Christopher Meloni, it is also a movie as well. It's a comedy as well.
You're welcome!
It was written by Stephen King. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, Peter Jackson also starred in it. It is a drama film.
Would you like to hear about other horror movies with that genre?
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
He was the composer of Who's That Chick and Where Them Girls At. Have you heard those songs?
No, I like his music. Did you know he is from France?
I like Justin BIeber, he is a great artist. What about you?
Great! I think he is a talented pianist.
Sure. The Interview was written by Cyrus Norwrasteh which also directed The Young Messiah.
Sure it is a psychological thriller and it was released in 2014
Great hope you enjoy it. Have a great day
You are very welcome have a great day
Sure, Knocked Up was directed by Seth Rogan and he also directed Monsters, Inc. Does that sound interesting to you?
2011 was the year that released Funny people.
Horrible Bosses a voice for both of them.
You are welcome.
Paul Pogba is a football player from Chicago. I believe he plays for Chelsea F.C.
Yes that's true, I believe that was the same year that the team was released. Is that your favorite sport?
Do you like American football?
I don't know much about Ryan Griggs, but I do know he is a great player.
I'm not a huge fan of him, but I do know he directed Animal Kingdom: Let's go Ape.
She Hate Me is a drama, comedy, drama, and comedy film.
I think so, he did direct The Wolverine. Are you a fan of his?
Sure, Sue Monk Kidd wrote The Shinning. Do you like Thrillers?
My apologies, she has been influenced by Caroline Kepnes and Stephanie Monk. Would you like to know more?
Yes, Wilhelm Reich is from the United States.
Yes, she was in The Poisonwood Bible and The Lacuna. have you seen them?
It is a Historical fiction genre, similar to The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
I know that it is a science fiction novel released in 2013 and is the fifth book in the Old Man's War universe.
You are welcome.
I love her music! She starred in Camp Rock and Princess Protection Program. Are you a fan?
Did you know Tom Hanks is friends with Julia Roberts?
[Z no shmetsu],  and  [Noruwei no Mori].
Dead to the World is written by Charlaine Harris is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Curse is in the same genre,
Sure! It was written by Charlaine Harris and is a thriller. Is that something you'd like?
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like action movies?
Skyfall is a fantasy adventure movie. It was released in 2012
Starring Rupert Graves and Michael Pena
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I don't follow football that much, but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer and a part of the National Football League. Are you a fan?
I think their coach was Mike Zimmer, he was a good coach, don't you think?
Yes, the Steelers won Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Yes the movie stars Stephen Baldwin, Kevin Spacey, and Peter Greene. Do you like movies with those actors?
I like thrillers. Zodiac is also a thriller.
I have not seen that movie. Can you tell me more?
I do like hip hop. Did you know Tom Everetta starred in it?
I like alternative rock, like X-Men Apocalypse and the Rock.
Did you know he also starred in a movie called The Usual Suspects?
Yes, it was written by John Green, do you also like other Young Adult fiction?
No, I haven't heard of that.
Your welcome, enjoy!
That's a great action adventure film. Do you like Adventure films?
Olivia Wilde was in Year One along with Phyllida Law
It is a very interesting one! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Would you like to know anything else about the movie?
Frank McCourt wrote Teacher Man
Its baseball. It's about a Swiss professional football team who plays as a striker for English club West division.
I can't think of any of them, but if I had to choose, I would recommend Waterworld, Golden State.
you're welcome!
I'm a huge fan of Channing Tatum. Do you like him?
Channing Tatum also starred in Miami Vice. Would you like to see that?
It came out in 2015
You are welcome.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books. What else can I do for you today?
She has a wonderful voice. She's very talented. Aside from being a great singer, she's also a Songwriter, and she can act, too!
Yes, I love the song Too Good at Goodbyes. She's a great voice. Don't you think?
Oh yes she is. I wonder if she is on that show and what is your favorite genre
I don't know the name of the book. But it was released in 2016
Great. i hope you enjoy
The Hobbit was written by J.R.R. Tolkien and was released in 2005.
The next book in the series was Lord of the Rings.
Sure, The Rock was released in 1996 and directed by Bruce Springsteen. Are you interested in more Adventure films or action movies?
Shark Night is a thriller. It is also starring Kyla Pratt. Have you seen that one?
Yes, it is very funny. I think you will like it!
Yes, James Rodriguez is a football/soccer athlete. He plays as a point guard with the Colombia national football team.
Not really, I am more of a fan of the Buffalo Bills.
He plays the Midfielder, he is also a forward
The Matrix is a great movie! Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Sure, X-Men: Days of Future Past, The Matrix Revolutions, and The Human Stain are some fantasy.
You're welcome.
Harold Ramis wrote Groundhog Day which stars Bill Murray, have you seen it?
It has a great cast including Matt Damon and Josh Brolin. Do you like them?
It is, similar to Groundhog Day, which is a Romantic Comedy. You should check it out, as well.
Vivica A. Fox and David Carradine were both in Kill Bill Vol. 1&2
I'm not sure but it was directed by Kinji Fukasaku. Are you familiar with his work?
I'm not showing any other actors but I can tell you The Sky Crawlers was directed by Kinji Fukasaku.
I'm not showing any other actors in the film, but I believe it was Jamie Lee Curtis. He also starred in Nikita.
Of course. You got it!
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the series The Oz Books, would you be interested in others in the series?
The Looking Glass Wars is also a fantasy, but if you like Fantasy you might enjoy The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars.
No problem! I hope you enjoy it!
I've heard that a lot. I'm a big fan. I like Tik Tok and Die Young. She has some of her stuff.
I haven't heard it, but I heard it was good, the genre is rock. Do you like electronic dance music?
I didn't have a chance to see her live, but I think I'd have to see her live. Is that where she plays?
In Cold Blood was written by Truman Capote's In Cold Blood. He was also an actor who starred in Murder by Death
Breakfast at Tiffany's stars Enjoy! It's a romantic comedy, do you like comedies?
Breakfast at Tiffany's has a great cast including William Hurt and Ty Burrell
I don't know he's married to Mirka Federer. Do you like her?
Sure, SteveJobs is in the genre of Thriller, Fantasy, and Action. Do you like those genres?
It's a biography.
You're welcome.
Sorry I will have to assist you.
He was also in Star Wars: Episode VI - Attack of the Clones.
That's right! I think you'll enjoy The Art of Loving as well.
He wrote The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary and The Ugly Truth. Have you read these?
Have you read The Ugly Truth?
Went Hollywood was released in 2010
your welcome
I'm not a big fan of basketball but I do know he was born in Chicago
Sure, Seth Meyers and Steve Kerr are a couple of my favorite point guards.
I've heard of it, but I don't know much about it. I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
They're pretty bad, think they were last in the NL East this past season
Do you know if that is their home venue for the Mets?
I've been a Denver Broncos fan. Are you a baseball fan?
He is a good soccer Player. He plays at Mexico National Football team and Manchester United F.C.
I know he played for the Mexico national football team, but I don't know much about him.
Yeah, I like that movie too! It's Mexico, right?
Absolutely! Stephen Sommers wrote Van Helsing a thriller that incorporates the Vampire and Werewolf genre. Is that of interest?
It's a thriller like The Mummy Returns. You should definitely see it.
The Mummy Returns stars Steve Buscemi and You've Got Mail. They're both really good!
No, it's a fantasy. If you like that genre, you'll probably enjoy The Scorpion King.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Wow, of course. I did not realize it was released in 1996. Do you want something newer and Indie?
Have you seen White House Down? I heard it was an Indie Film starring Shirley Henderson
Another one you might enjoy is No Country for Old Men, or The House at Pooh Corner.
I don't really like it, but I do know that it was written by Hugh Jackman, who also wrote Valkyrie.
Sure, you might enjoy "The Last Samurai" or "Aeon Flux."
It's a good one. It's starring Denzel Washington and Josh Brolin.
You're welcome.
Sure can! I recommend A House of Night Novel by P.C. Cast.
The only one that I know of is Untamed: A House of Night Novel. Have you read that?
I'm not sure, but it is part of a series. The next in the series is Redeemed.
You could try Undead and Unwed, or Unwed. They're all great!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Do you like For Whom the Bell Tolls because it is written by Ernest Hemingway or because it is a war novel?
It is a romance novel. Are you into romance novels?
To Kill a Mockingbird is also in the romance genre. Have you read that?
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
I don't really follow them much but I do know they are owned by Tom Brady and coached by Tom Brady. Are you a Patriots fan?
Not really, I think so. They're a good team, but I think they're a great team. They're a runner-up for Super Bowl XLVIII.
He's married to Gisele Bundchen. She was married to Gisele Bundchen. She was married to Gisele Bundchen.
The Town was written and starred in by Ben Affleck. Are you a fan of his?
It's a great movie. Peter Craig also wrote Donnie Darko and Rambo
It was directed by Peter Craig
Okay. Have a great day
Sure, WALL-E is a adventure movie, written by Aldous Huxley. Do you like adventure movies?
The Incredibles and Transformers are also good. Have you seen them?
it was written by Jerry Bruckheimer and stars Thomas Lennon and Charlie Bewley.
he also directed A.I Artificial Intelligence. Have you seen that one?
I'm not a fan of hers I know she was in the Muppets! Are you a fan of hers?
That is a good one, yes.
Yes, I do. I'm not a fan of Russel Brand. She is a great actor.
Starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn, what do you like about it?
I like him in 10 Days. Would you like to hear more of his latest movies?
He was great in that movie too! Did you know he also starred in Welcome to Collinwood?
Oh, I sure do! It's a classic movie starring Meryl Streep, Emily Blunt and Anne Hathaway. It's a romance and comedy. Have you seen it?
Perhaps you would like The Tales of Beedle the Bard, or The Game of Thrones.
I do. It is a great romantic comedy film starring Vince Vaughn and Bill Murray, have you seen it?
Of course, enjoy!
peter Dinklage starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
It's a comedy.
Sure, Winter's Bone, The Looking Glass Wars, and The Golden Compass are all in the Fantasy genre.
The main lead in this movie is Jennifer Lawrence
You're welcome.
Thomas E Connolly starred in The Road to El Dorado. The Road to El Dorado is starring Daniel Stern.
Yes, Thomas E. Connolly wrote The Scarlet Letter, it is considered a Romance Novel.
No problem, enjoy!
Into the Wild is written and directed by Sean Penn. Do you like Sean Penn?
Yes, he is an author and an Actor. He wrote The Tree of Life and starred in it. Do you like her movies?
Enjoy!
A wonderful movie. It stars Johnny Depp and David Kelly.
The Rum Diary is a good one, as is White Fang. Have you seen it?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Robin Hobb wrote The Dragon Keeper and The Dragon Keeper.
You might like The Golden Compass or The Dragon Keeper.
Sure, have you read The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars?
Hope you enjoy!
Oscar Wilde wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Importance of Being Earnest. Have you read either of these?
Yes, it is. I highly recommend it.
It came out in 1987.
Great!
It was written by Sarah J Maas and released in 2012. If you like that book, you might also enjoy The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
No, it was released in 2014. Sarah J Maas starred in this thriller film.
Sure, I can recommend World War Z and White Fang. Have you seen those?
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy them.
Sure, Jennifer Ehle starred in Zero Dark Thrity, Wilde, The River King and the King's Speech. What genre do you like?
It was written by Mark Boal, but his also wrote The Hurt Locker and Detriot.
Agreed! She was also in Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi.
I think he is one of the best players on the Colombia national football team.
I don't know much about him either. I think he plays for the Colombia national football team.
Ah, yes she is from Columbia born in Guadalajara. What's your favorite team?
Certainly, do you like the starring Roald Dahl or the genre?
He also wrote James and the Giant Peach.
You're welcome!
My favorite team is the Denver Broncos. Do you have a favorite team?
I like the L.A. Lakers. I'm a Philadelphia Eagles fan.
They are a football team - like the Dallas Cowboys.
I've never watched that, but I heard he is very good. He is a midfielder and forward. Do you like soccer?
I like football and baseball. What about you?
That's awesome I didn't know that. Speaking of Alex Ferguson, do you like baseball?
Stephen Covey wrote The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People and it's in the self-help genre. Are you interested in more books by this author or self-help genre?
The 5 Habits of Highly Effective People is another one he wrote. Have you read this one yet?
The Best Man and The Fault in Our Stars was also released that year
what else can i do for you?
It's a good movie. It was written by Guillermo del Toro and is a fantasy-action movie. Do you like the genre or the actors?
Yes, he is great in the family genre. Is that the one you were looking for?
Oh yes, I like him in the Pirates of the Caribbean: At the World's End. Have you seen it?
He is also in the Pirates of the Caribbean: At the Water's Edge. Have you seen it?
Yes, that was written by Lawrence Hauben starring Scatman Crothers. It's a drama released in 1975.
The War of the Worlds was a great one, as well as The Fountain. Have you seen those?
Great! You may like War of the Worlds then.
Well if you like action films, you should check out The Tenth Circle. It's a great choice.
You're very welcome!
Sure, I can tell you that she wrote The Good Dinosaur which was also made into a movie.
It is a romance novel. I highly recommend it.
No problem. Enjoy!
Yes, I love the song Yellow Submarine. Did you know that he starred with John Lennon?
That is true. Did you know he also plays for the Houston Rockets?
Yes, he is. Do you like his music?
I believe he plays for the Boston Red Sox
Yeah, I think it was a highly rated player as well. Don't you agree?
No, I believe he was American. Would you like to know more?
The Island was directed by Michael Bay and stars Tom Everett. Are you familiar with his work?
Sure, have you seen The Island or The Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi?
It's a good movie. It's starring Jason Bateman and Joel David Moore to name a few. I think you'd enjoy it.
Glad to be of help
Sure, he was in the action film Harsh Times. Are you into action/drama movies?
I didn't know it was directed by Steven Spielberg
The movie is a thriller and stars Christian Bale, Christian Bale, Christian Bale and Christian Bale. Are you a fan of this actor?
You're welcome.
I know it was written by Rick Riordan and is in the Speculative Fiction genre. Would you like to know more about this?
Sure,it was the next in the series, The Throne of Fire
your welcome
He is a professional football player, his position is forward
Yes, I do. American Football is a great sport and also has a sequel called lionel Messi.
Yes I do, The Dallas Cowboys are my favorite team
Sean Barrett wrote X-Men Apocalypse Now. Have you read that?
Yes it is in English. Have you read it?
Anything else I can help you with?
thank you for the information.
I am not a huge basketball fan but I do know they are owned by Leslie Alexander. Are you a fan?
I like basketball. I think Houston is the most successful team in the AFC West division. What about you?
I don't know much about them. I'm a fan of Oklahoma City Thunders. Do you have a favorite team?
I see he wrote Candide.
I don't have that information but it was released in 1726.
World Without End is a similar novel, you might enjoy.
You're welcome.
Certainly, one of my favorites is When We Were Very Young. Have you read that one?
He also wrote the Tao of Pooh. Have you read that one?
You're welcome.
I don't know much about him except that he's a soccer midfielder. Do you like soccer?
Yes, he plays for Liverpool and is married to Gisele Bundchen
Oh yeah thats where the New England Patriots play. Do you like soccer?
They have a coach named Jose Mourinho.
He currently plays for the Seattle Seahawks, would you like to know more?
Sometimes, i like football. What about you?
This book is part of a series. the Dvergent Trilogy
Some other young-adult fictions that you might enjoy are The Hunger Games and The Giver.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Pulp Fiction is a crime fiction. Would you like to hear more of his movies?
John Travolta was in Deadpool. Are you interested in this genre?
Sure. Enjoy!
I think he is a soccer player for the Colombia national football team. Do you like soccer?
It is a fantasy novel.
Have you read The Phantom Menace, or Night at the Museum?
I'm not sure.
The title in English is El Principe.
No problem
Yes, I am a Dodgers fan. What about you?
They have a good season, right? I'm not a fan of the Mets.
Of course! The Mets are playing on the New York Mets today. Are you a Mets fan?
I think the Tennessee Titans is a good team. Do you follow football?
Marcus Mariota is a quarterback for the Seattle Seahawks. But, I think I like the New England Patriots.
No, I don't really know anything about football. What about you?
Sure, It was written by Saulius Dagys.
Yes I do! She wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and The War of the Worlds. Have you read either of those?
Trace, The Poisonwood Bible and The Historian is a good one.
The movie Gone, Baby, Gone is written by John Lee Hancock.
Yes he is, he is also a writer.
Sure this was released in 1891 and Influenced By Thomas Gray. Would you like to stay with the same author?
Thomas Hardy also wrote D'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented,
The Woodlanders was released in 1891, and the genre is a fiction.
It was released in 1891, the same year The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-Believer was released.
He starred in Animal Kingdom: Let's go Ape.
Some of the actors include Ashton Kutcher and Amy Smart.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Les visiteurs and Amélie are good ones. Have you seen these?
Valérie Lemercier and Christian Clavier are all in the movie. It's a Thriller. Do you like those genres?
Yes, it is in the English language.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, he's a great golfer. What's your favorite golf team?
Not yet. I think he was from Ireland. How about you?
Yep, he's from Northern Ireland, so I've heard he has alot of good music.
Sure, Tron: Legacy is starring Tom Hanks and Kurt Russell. Tom Hanks is the director and stars in it. Do you like his movies?
It is an action movie.
Great! Also, the Island of Dr. Moreau stars in it. I'm sure you will like it!
Okay. Let me know if I can help with that!
District 9 was written by Terri Tatchell and starred Sharlto Copley.
Great, I think you might like The Manchurian Candidate, or The Manchurian Candidate. Those are both thrillers.
The Neon Demon stars Bruce Willis and is a thriller, so you might like it.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I do! She sung A Thousand Years and Lovestrong right?
Yes, he also won the MTV Video Music Award.
George Lazenby is my favorite.
supposedly it was released in 1969 and is a classic.
Sure. That was written by Diana Gabaldon. It is also a romance novel, is that a type of genre that interests you?
Fiery Cross is a book that was released in 1992. You might like it.
Sure! He also wrote A House of Night, which is a fiction novel which is also a historical novel.
You're welcome!
Todd Phillips wrote The Hangover Part II and Old School, do you enjoy comedy movies?
Also written by Todd Phillips, Todd Philipps wrote Old School, which is a Comedy
Old School is a comedy.
I heard he also plays for the Golden State Warriors and he is a good player
Is that the one starring Matthew McConaughey?
I haven't read it but I have heard of it. Hans Christian Andersen also wrote Into the Wild as well as Into the Wild. Have you read that one?
Yes she did, Winter Garden was released in 2014. Hope you enjoy it!
Anytime! Enjoy!
He wrote Il Principe, which was released in 1513. Do you like him as an author?
He wrote it in Spanish and Spanish.
Would you like to know more about these books?
There are so many to choose from but a few to mention are Goonies, Eldest
Pete Docter directed Up and also directed Monsters, Inc. Does that sound good?
I would say she's written several books including The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Would you like to know more about these?
It is a Romance. Would you like to know more about this movie?
The BFG is a good family movie. Have you seen it?
You are most welcome.
They won the Championship in the year 1995 didn't they?
Stanley Kubrick
I don't have much information on Hardaway but I know he was drafted by the Houston Rockets
Yes, he is very good as well!
The Gunslinger was written by Stephen King and released in 1982. Would you like to hear more books by that author?
It was released in 1995.
You're welcome.
It is a Thriller, do you like Thriller movies?
Zodiac is a Thriller, Science Fiction, Drama, and Action film.
Fight Club was produced by Steven Spielberg
The Cleveland Browns are fourth in the AFC North division for the 2018 season. I think their owner Randy Lerner would be happier with a better place.
I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan myself. Doesn't the head coach Gary Kubiak?
What division are the Texans owner? I think Randy Lerner is owned by Randy Lerner
That's good. It looks like they are from New York City.
He wrote 1Q84 Books 1-2. He researched Japanese studies.
I can not find anything else
It is a non-fiction book about Chinese peasants living in a village outside Nanjing, China.
Yes he also wrote  [Z no shmetsu]
you are welcome
Oh yes, It was written by Saulius Dagys.
I believe it is a romance novel.
Sure. Saulius Dagys also wrote The Magician King.
Your welcome.
Yes, but first tell me, are you only interested in the sci-fi genre?
Predators had genre Sci-Fi and Thriller, what genre are you interested in?
Avengers: The Winter Soldier also stars Scarlett Johansson
Insurgent was directed by Veronica Roth and was released in 2012.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995. Do you like the book because of its story line?
A.I. Artificial Intelligence is a similar book. Anything else I can help you with?
He also wrote The Crucible. I recommend it.
You are welcome.
Nathan Lane starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen it?
Yes it is. Are you interested in any of his movies?
Yes it is! Sex also starred in The Handmaid's Tale.
Yes! He was, too! He was such a great actor.
William Hurt was in What's Eating Gilbert Grape and The Pelican Brief. Have you seen either of those?
Sure! F. Murray Abraham starred in Thir13en Ghosts, The Grand Budapest Hotel and The Grand Budapest Hotel.
Yes, Scarface is a crime genre. He also starred in The Proposal and Waiting for Forever
I cannot find a science fiction movie.
Well it was released in 2014 and stars Scarlett Johansson, Robert Downey Jr, Chris Hemsworth and Scarlett Johansson. Do you like their work?
Yes, it is. It's a superhero film.
No problem. Enjoy
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
I like soccer and football. What's your favorite team?
No, I'm a NY Giants fan. What is yours?
I don't know much but I do know they won the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Did you know they won a super bowl this year?
Yes, I like the Steelers. What do you think about them?
If you like Outlander, it is a science fiction piece written by Charles Dickens. Is that what you are looking for?
Diana Gabaldon is the author of the Outlander series, Outlander 2, and the genre is sci-fi.
Xeneo DiCaprio is the only sci-fi I have at this time.
You're welcome.
I wrote To Kill a Mockingbird and it was released in 1960.
Oh, I love that book. That is a great book. The next in the series is Go Set a Watchman. Would you like to hear more?
Ok. How about To Kill a Mockingbird, do you like this genre?
You are welcome
They are a German football league correct? I prefer American football.
Well, it appears that the team is coached by Louis van Gaal. How about you?
I think he can be an actor. He starred in Swindle 2013, Zoolander, and Transformers.
Sure, It is a fiction book written by Kirsten Smith. Are you interested in more by her or more in the fiction genre?
DId you know that it was written by Meg Cabot?
Yes, Stephenie Meyer also wrote The Chemist and The Short Second Life of Bree Tnner
Yes, she was influenced by Stephenie Meyer
You are welcome.
Inside Out is a Thriller starring Denzel Washington.
She was also in No Strings Attached, which is a TV show.
This is the End is a comedy-drama.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Awesome! Have a wonderful day!
Well he starred in I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With, which also starred Sarah Silverman. Would you like to know more?
Yes she did . It was on a television show and has a genre of Comedy.
She has starred in a number of movies like There's Something About Mary, Bridesmaids and She's All That Girl. Would you like to watch any of those?
Sure, he wrote A Beautiful Mind which is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
Have you seen A Beautiful Mind, starring Vince Vaughn?
He also starred in the movie Transformers. Have you seen that one?
Well, it looks like he did. He also directed V for Vendetta, which was a great movie.
Mr & Mrs Smith is written by Simon Kinberg and stars Vince Vaughn and Stephanie March. Are you interested in movies with those actors or writer ?
Or are you looking for something in general ?
Sure! Donnie Darko is a Thriller written by Richard Kelly. The movie stars Seth Rogen along side Mary McDonnell.
No she did write the Box but I do know he also wrote the Box
Yes, the Box is a Thriller and is a thriller.
You might also enjoy the Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor if you like Fantasy.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, it is a thriller and so is The Assassin and the Desert
I'm not sure about Queen of Shadows, but it is in the Fantasy genre.
I'd recommend The Assassin and the Desert.
Do you like the movie because it's a thriller?
Sure. If you like mystery, one of the movie is Air Force One. Have you seen that one?
My pleasure. Enjoy!
Certainly, Beatrice Sparks wrote Go Ask Alice.
Go Ask Alice is a drama. It actually stars Denzel Washington. Do you like Denzel Washington?
You're welcome. And you're welcome.
Sure! Do you enjoy movies with Sandra Bullock in it or rom-com in general?
Did you know she starred in X-Men Apocalypse Now? It's a classic.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you about the movie if you like.
Your welcome enjoy
Yes. I like Paper Towns. Would you like to hear about other stories he wrote?
Yes, he wrote The Fault in Our Stars, Paper Towns, and Looking for Alaska.
It's a mystery, young adult fiction.
You are welcome. enjoy
If you like Outlander, you might also try The Name of the Wind.
It was released the same year as The Key to Midnight, The Handmaid's Tale.
It is a fantasy novel.
Eleanor & Park is a great book by Rainbow Rowell. Are you interested in hearing abiout similar books?
Yes, Stephanie Parkins wrote My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories, Landline
Lola and the Boy Next Door is a Romance
Your welcome
Yes, Rich Moore wrote Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. He also starred in the film. He's a great actor. If you like his acting, you should check out the movie.
Watchers is a good family movie, and so is Wag the Dog.
I do! She's a Danish tennis player, and is a former world No 1 in singles. She's a fantastic player
Did you know Serena starred in the movie Serena?
I'm pretty sure it is a comedy.
Sure! He directed The Shining. Have you seen that one?
Sure, some of the actors in the Watchmen are Stephen McHattie, Stephen Rea, Stephen Baldwin and Stephen Dillane
Sure, it is a comedy, to be exact.
You might like The Manchurian Candidate or The Manchurian Candidate. Both are great comedy.
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing, The Diviners and Rebel Angels.
Okay, then you'll like The Looking Glass Wars. It's written by Frank Beddor.
No, it's a series. It's part of the Gemma Doyle series. But it's next in the series is called The Golden Compass.
Sure, you'll like The Golden Compass and The Looking Glass Wars. They're both great.
Sure, I'm here to help!
Rebecca was written by Sally Beauman.
It's a mystery.
No. But he starred in My Cousin Rachel.
No problem. Enjoy!
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football team based in Denver, Pennsylvania. They won the Super Bowl XLI
Case Keenum was a Denver Broncos player, who was a QB for the Redskins. Do you like him?
Christopher Lee is their coach. What is your favorite team?
What sports do you like?
What do you think of LeBron James?
I sure do! He's a player on the Spain national football team. Do you like soccer?
I am not sure, but I know he was a midfielder as well.
Yes that is.
Wrinkle in Time is a Science Fiction book written by Madeleine L'Engle. She also wrote The Jungle Book. Have you read it?
It is also a Fantasy book. Do you like Fantasy?
Then you might enjoy the next book in the series, A Wind in the Door.
You're correct. Great choice!
I'm not a huge fan, but I like his song One Time. Do you know this one?
That's a classic. I'm a huge fan of his duet with Bruno Mars. He was also in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
No, I haven't. Who's your favorite singer?
Jules Feiffer wrote The Phantom Tollbooth which was a very good read!
Sure, it's a fantasy book and released in 1996, have you read it?
Great, enjoy!
Great, have a great day!
Well, I know he was born in Atlanta but plays quarterback for the Carolina Panthers. Are you a football fan?
The Wildcats are a professional American football team based in Chicago, Illinois
Do you like Woody Harrelson? I think he was in Zombieland.
Sure, Jean-Pierre Jeunet wrote Micmacs. He also wrote A Very Long Engagement.
Micmacs is a French Crime Fiction. He also wrote A Very Long Engagement and Micmacs.
Zooey Deschanel and John Christopherson starred in Zulu.
Welcome
13 Reasons Why was written by Jay Asher and it's in the genre of young adult fiction.
He has also written The Future of Us with Carolyn Mackler.
Well, no problem with them all, it is a great read.
It's a good one, you should check it out.
Absolutely! It's written by Emma Stone and Emma Stone and comes under the romance genre.
Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility are popular books by Jane Austen.
It was originally published in 1817 and is about a woman. Would you like to read it?
Ok, enjoy!
Sure, he wrote The Waters of Kilimanjaro.
You might like Undead and Unwed or Dime Store Magic. Those are all mystery movies.
The Red Violin was produced by Steven Spielberg and is a mystery-drama. Do you like that genre?
Certainly, I hope you enjoy it!
