Do you like the movie because it's a Thriller?
It's a great movie! It's a great action movie, have you seen it?
Do you like Death Wish because it's a crime fiction?
Yes, The Hitman's Bodyguard was released in 1996 and stars Hugh Jackman.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans and The Light Between Oceans
She wrote The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian. Have you heard of it?
The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian was released in 2002
You're welcome
I do. There's Something About Mary is written by Charlaine Harris. It's a great Thriller.
Sarah Silverman has been in a number of movies including There's Something About Mary, Angelina Jolie, Angelina Jolie and many others.
I'm not sure. But I know Nick Cassavetes starred in it.
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her work?
Sarah Dessen also wrote Till We Have Faces, This Lullaby, and This Lullaby.
yes she did. The Moon and More is also a good romance novel.
you are welcome do you want me to add it to your reading list?
Don Cheadle starred in The Guard. Have you seen that movie?
It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
No I do not have that information. But it is a comedy crime fiction movie starring Don Cheadle.
You are welcome. Enjoy the movie!
He plays cricket and was born in Chennai. Do you like cricket?
He's on the India national team. I don't know much about it.
I don't know of any players on the team, but I do know that he is from India.
Mike Newell directed Zero Dark Thirty. Have you seen that one?
Pushing Tin was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like her work?
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
I think he is a good basketball player. Do you like basketball?
No, I don't know him. Is he a great player?
I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. What is your favorite team?
Oh wow. Who is your favorite player?
I'm more of a American Football fan. What is your favorite team?
Hot Fuzz is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, and Simon Pegg also starred in The Dead as well. Have you seen it?
I don't know, but it stars Simon Pegg.
No problem, enjoy the movie.
Frank Finlay starred in many movies, including X-Men Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that?
He's in a lot of Romantic Comedy movies. He's in a number of movies in that genre. He's also in a number of movies. He's also in a number of movies. Have you seen those?
You're welcome. Enjoy your movie.
I haven't seen it but I know it was written by Steven Spielberg and stars Morgan Freeman.
I'm not much of a fan of thrillers, but I can tell you The Pledge has genre Thriller.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
I'll do that right away.
You're welcome
If you like action movies, you should definitely check out The Scorch Trials. Have you seen that one?
We Are Marshall was written by Meg Cabot. Would you like to know more about this?
Brian Geragtly starred in The House of Mirth.
If you like horror films, you should check out Zoolander. It stars Brian Geraghty.
Yes, it is a horror film. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome.
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christensen
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome.
William Friedkin directed The Hunted, a crime fiction film. Have you seen it?
The Hunted is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like Romantic Comedies?
The Devil and Father Amorth is a Crime Fiction Film starring Veronica Cartwright and was released in 1999.
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
Great Gatsby is written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
The Surgeon was written by Dr. Seuss who also wrote The Surgeon. Have you heard of it?
Do you like the book because it was written by Cassandra Clare?
Yes, she has. She also wrote The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones, Cassandra Clare, and The Shadowhunter's Codex.
Will do. Enjoy!
You're welcome.
Unforgiven starred Ryan Reynolds and Clint Eastwood. Do you like their movies?
I'm not sure, but I do know that The Last Stand is also written by David Peoples.
My apologies. I haven't seen the first one yet. I think I will watch it now.
Josh Hutcherson wrote The Hunger Games. Do you like his work?
Yes, he also starred in The Hunger Games: Catching Fire and Mockingjay. Have you seen those?
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie.
Madonna is a great singer. Did you know she was married to Sean Penn?
She's a singer, singer, singer, and actress. She starred in a lot of movies. She's been in a lot of movies.
I'm not sure, but I do know he starred in the TV show Valentine's Day, which is a comedy.
I know he plays cricket for the India national cricket team.
Yes he did and he also played cricket. Do you like cricket?
You are welcome!
Sure, Amy Poehler wrote Yes Please have you read this book?
The Fault in Our Stars is a good one. what else can i answer for you today?
Naomi Watts starred in Mean Girls. what else can i answer for you today?
Tina Fey has written The Wedding Date. what else can i answer for you today?
Isn't that a sports team?
I'm not much of a Dodgers fan. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan.
You're welcome. Have a good day.
Jonathan Levine directed The Other Guys which is a Thriller. Have you seen it?
Jane Adams also stars in The Wackness which is a romance film. Do you enjoy romance films?
It was released in 2005.
You're welcome
He directed Taken 2 and Taken 2. Have you seen those?
Liam Neeson also starred in Taken 2 and Taken 3.
Yes, Taken 2 is a thriller. It also stars Ralph Fiennes.
Enjoy the movie!
I'm not a big fan of the Green Bay Packers. I do know that they're having a good year. Who is their coach?
I'm not sure. I do know Mike McCarthy won the PGA Championship a few times.
Aaron Rodgers was a great quarterback. I think he's doing a great job.
Iron Man was written by Stan Lee who also wrote The Incredible Hulk and he also wrote The Incredible Hulk.
Yes, Peter Gallagher starred in The Wolverine. Have you seen that movie?
Yes. Did you know that Tate Donovan starred in The O.C., While You Were Sleeping?
It was written by George Clooney. I'm not sure if he did anything else. Isn't he a great actor?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Do you like Odd Thomas because it's a speculative fiction?
I'm not sure who wrote it, but Odd Thomas was written by Mike Hill.
Jonathan Kellerman also wrote A Modest Proposal, which is a satire.
Do you like Treasure Island because it is a satire or because it is a satire?
Then you might enjoy The Man in the Iron Mask or Treasure Island.
You are welcome
I think he's a great singer and a celebrity friend to Tyga. Are you a fan?
I don't really know much about her music. I do know that she is from France. Do you know who she is?
I'm not really familiar with her music. What's your favorite genre?
Something Borrowed was written by Nick Cassandra Clare. She also wrote A Beautiful Mind. Have you read that one?
Yes it was. Do you like romance novels?
I'm not sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Judd Apatow wrote the comedy comedy Knocked Up
Groundhog Day was written by Lana Wachowski and produced by Peter Hyams.
I'm not sure about that. I do know he was in a movie with Jim Carrey.
I'm not sure, but he did write Year One, which is a comedy.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome
I know he's a composer and song writer. Did you know he composed the song New Perspective?
I'm not sure, but he is a great artist. Do you like his work?
I have listened to them a lot. Did you know he was born in Los Angeles?
Oh yes, he is a great singer. Do you know he was in a relationship with Chris Martin?
That's a great book. Did you know there's Something About Mary is written by Charlaine Harris?
I'm not sure about Matt Dillion, but I know that Ben Stiller also wrote Zoolander and starred in it.
It's a Romantic Comedy. You should check it out.
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society are both historical fiction.
You're welcome.
Great, have a great day!
It was written by George Orwell and released in 1945. Do you like her work?
He also wrote Nineteen Eighty-Four. Have you read that one?
Are you referring to the book The Color Purple?
The Temple of My Familiar was released in 1950.
The genre is fiction
You are welcome
Did you like Oldboy because it was a Thriller or because it was a Thriller?
Have you seen A Good Day to Die Hard or a mystery movie?
Lady Vengeance stars Kyla Pratt, She's a great actress.
She's been in a number of thriller movies. She's been in a number of thriller movies. If you like thrillers, you should check out The Proposal.
You're welcome.
The Ice Storm is a great book. Have you read it?
He produced The Ice Storm, The Skulls, and The Black Dahlia.
Of course! Woody Allen wrote A Thousand Splendid Suns, and The Invisibles. Have you seen any of those?
She's an actress who starred in Zsa Gabor. She's also a producer.
It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
Jurassic Park is written by Michael Crichton. Do you like his work?
Yes there was! Jurassic Park is a great movie.
Yes. Colin Tervorrow directed Jurassic World. He also directed it.
Rickie Fowler is an American athlete. He plays golf. Do you like golf?
Rickie Fowler is an American professional golfer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Paris Saint-Germain
Is that a movie with Adam Sandler in it?
Do you like the author J.R.R Tolkien?
The Golden Compass written by J.R.R Tolkien is a fantasy book.
Yes. The Silmarillion was written by J.R. R. Tolkien, who also wrote The Hobbit.
Wes Craven wrote My Soul to Take and starred Keanu Reeves. Have you seen it?
You are correct! Wes Craven directed My Soul to Take, which is also a Horror Thriller.
Yes, I think you will enjoy it.
The Lost World: Jurassic Park is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
If you like sci-fi, you might also enjoy Aeon Flux or Zombie Hunter.
If you're into sci-fi, you might want to check out Zombieland.
Bob Peck starred in Jurassic Park and Jurassic Park. Have you seen either of those?
Surviving Picasso was born in Barcelona, Spain. He also starred in Man of the House.
She also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
I'm sorry I do not have information on The Little Prince.
You are welcome. Enjoy the movie.
He's a great football player. He's married to Gisele. Have you seen her movie?
Yes, he was in that movie with Meryl Streep. Do you like her?
That's too bad. He was in a couple of movies. That movie was a lot of fun. I think it was a lot of fun.
Die hard with a Vengeance is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
If you like Bruce Willis, you should also check out his films, Hudson Hawk. Have you seen it?
Yes he did. Roderick Throp also wrote Die Hard with a Vengeance.
I'm sure you will enjoy it.
Alien is written by Vince Flynn and stars Jennifer Jason Leigh. Do you like her movies?
If you like horror movies, you should check out Zombieland. It's a horror movie.
Bats was released in 2002 and stars Zack Ward and Liam Neeson.
You're welcome.
Sure! David Lynch directed The Manchurian Candidate, starring Tom Hanks. Have you seen it?
You might like Zombieland, a sci-fi movie. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. It's a great Thriller. I'm sure you will enjoy it.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Alice Braga starred in The Matrix Revisited and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen either of these?
Repo Men was written by Jonathan Kellerman. He also wrote the movie The Expendables.
He is also a screenwriter. He wrote The Martian and Repo Men.
Brett Helquist wrote The Mist and The Green Mile. Have you read either of those ?
The End was released in 2002 and it is a speculative fiction
Sure, he is a poet and a teacher. He was born in Los Angeles, California.
Yes, I do. Did you know he starred in Men in Black 3?
Yes he does, he is also a musician and a musician.
I have seen that one. It's a great family movie. It's a great family movie. I really liked it.
Ok, enjoy!
Noah Emmerich starred in Windtalkers, and Tumbleweeds just to name a few. Have you seen those?
You might like The Manchurian Candidate or The Manchurian Candidate. Both are dramas.
I'm not sure who stars in it, but it's a drama.
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
I think he's a great athlete. Did you know he's dating Lionel Messi?
I'm not much of a football fan. I prefer American Football. How about you?
Yes, that's a good one. I think he has a lot of good skills. He's also a musician.
Harry Potter and the cursed child part of the series is written by J.K. Rowling
Jack Thorne starred in The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and the entire Harry Potter series, have you seen those?
I'm not much of a fan of the Kansas City Chiefs, but I do know they're owned by Jim Caldwell.
I'm not sure, but I do know they won the Superbowl IV Super Bowl XLI
They are in the AFC West division, right?
Eoin Colfer wrote The Phantom. It's a speculative fiction novel.
Yes, it was released in 2008 and written by Clint Eastwood.
Yes, I would recommend it.
I do. Did you know that he is friends with Selena Gomez?
That's a good one. Do you know if he was in the movie The Awakening?
I'm not sure, but I heard he's a great singer. I wonder if he's from Canada.
You're welcome.
Kyrie Irving is an American professional basketball player who plays point guard for the Denver Nuggets
I'm not sure, but I know they won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award.
Yesterday's game was the final score for that team.
Sure, Christopher Nolan directed The Dark Knight Rises and The Dark Knight Rises.
I know that Fyodor Dostoyevsky wrote A Confederacy of Dunces. Have you read that book?
Yes, рестуление и накаание и накаание was written in English.
You are welcome. Did you know рестуление и накаание?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of a series. The next in the series is The Oz Books, have you read it?
Then you might enjoy The Wonderful Wizard of Oz, or The Golden Compass.
I would recommend The Wonderful Wizard of Oz. It's also a fantasy novel.
You're welcome. Enjoy the books!
Yes, he plays for the German national football team.
He plays for the Germany national football team. Are you a soccer fan?
Yes, you are correct. He plays for the Mumbai Indians.
I haven't seen it, but I know it was written by Vince Flynn. Do you like Vince Flynn?
A Corn of Thorns and Roses was written by Corn of Thorns and is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
Sarah J. Maas wrote A Corn of Thorns and also A Corn of Thorns.
The Assassin's Blade was also released in 2014 and written by Sarah J Maas.
You're welcome
James Cameron directed True Lies and Aliens. Have you seen either of those?
That's right. It was released in 2010. It stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet. It's a Romance.
Titanic was released in 2010. It stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet
You're welcome
Yes, I do. Did you know that Madame Bovary is a Romantic Comedy?
If you like romance novels, you might also enjoy A Midsummer Night's Dream written by William Shakespeare.
It is, similar to The Looking Glass Wars.
I would recommend Suzanne Collins' books, such as The Hunger Games and Lord of the Flies.
I like Serena Williams better than Venus Williams. How about you?
I think Stefi Graffi Graft is better known as MartinaNava.
Yes, she must have been great at the Olympics.
She's a pro golfer from Honolulu.
That's right. Did you know he won the PGA Championship in 2012?
That's amazing. Did you know he won a lot of PGA Championships?
Sylvia Day wrote You Again. Have you read it?
Reflected in You and One With You is a novel.
I am not sure, but I can suggest some other novels by Sylvia Day if you like novels by her.
She wrote The Year of the Flood and The Robber Bride. Have you read either of those?
The Handmaid Tale is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you enjoy that genre?
You're welcome. Enjoy the book!
Great, I would recommend The Handmaid's Tale. It's a classic.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he's a writer and a writer. Do you like him?
The move Carlos was released in 2002 and starred Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more about this movie?
I'm not sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you like the book because it's a Speculative fiction?
Tahereh Mafi wrote The Tahereh Mafi
Yes, it was released in 2014. It was also released in 2014.
The World of Ice and Fire was written by Rick Riordan. It is a Speculative fiction novel.
Then you might enjoy The Looking Glass Wars. It was also written by Frank Beddor.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Wally Lamb wrote The Hour I First Believed and The Hour I First Believed. Have you read either of those?
We Are Water was released in 2015. It's a good read.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Marc Forster directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
Machine Gun Preacher is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The star in Neverland is Sam Rockwell. Have you seen it?
It came out in 1997.
Sure. Enjoy the movie.
You are welcome
He wrote A separate Peace. Have you read it?
It's a Novel. Do you like Novels?
The book is similar to Un Lun Dun.
You are welcome.
Are you looking for more books by J.K. Rowling?
Jane Austen also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
Yes, it's a historical novel. Do you like historical novels?
Jane Austen also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility.
Are you looking for more Young-adult fiction or Young-adult fiction?
If you like young adult fiction, you might enjoy The Giver. It's also part of a series.
You're welcome. Enjoy the book.
Did you like Fight Club because it was a slasher movie?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Can I help with anything else?
You are welcome.
Do you like J.K. Rowling? She also stars in The Chronicles of Narnia.
The Looking Glass Wars is a great one. Have you seen it?
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie.
Mindy Kaling wrote How to Win Friends and Influence People. Have you read either of those?
It's a comedy starring Mindy Kaling and Mindy Kaling. Do you like comedies?
I'm not sure, but it was released in 2005.
You are welcome
Aylmer Maude wrote оскресение and оскресение.
Anna Karenina has also written аренина, аренина, and аренина.
You're welcome.
Sure. Cathereine Hardwicke wrote "Twilight" and "Twilight."
Red Riding Hood stars Seth Rogen and Danny DeVito.
I don't know of any other movies she directed. Sorry.
He's an athlete who plays soccer for Manchester United F.C. and a forward.
He also played for Manchester United F.C. and the Washington Red Sox.
I'm not sure. I don't know if he's a top tierger.
I haven't seen it, but I know he wrote Fast Times at Ridgemont High and was released in 2012.
Yes he was. He also starred in The Patient. Have you seen it?
I agree. He starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Where'd You Go, Bernadette is written by Maria Semple. Have you read it?
Yes she did. Did you know she also starred in The Handmaid's Tale?
Sure thing! Enjoy your book.
Sure! Lauren Kate wrote Passion and Rapture. Have you read either of those ?
Torment was released in 2010. It's considered a Romance Novel. It's a Romance novel.
I hope you enjoy it.
I know he wrote Cars 2. Cars 2 and Cars 2. He also wrote Cars 2.
I haven't seen it, but I do know it was written by Frank Beddor.
If you like children's movies, you should check out The Rum Diary. It's a great movie.
You are welcome. Enjoy the movies!
I'm sure you will enjoy them.
I know they're coached by David Platt. Do you like them?
Vince Vaughn, Vince Vaughn, Vince Vaughn, Laurence Fishburne
You're welcome
She wrote The Diary of a Young Girl. Have you read that one?
You might also like The Assassin and the Underworld, it is also a thriller.
It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You're welcome.
Sure! He directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen it?
The Simpsons movie was written by Joss Whedon. He also wrote The Other Guys.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that The Simpsons series is also starring Tom Hanks.
You are so welcome!
I am not a huge fan of Gautam Gambhir. He plays cricket for the Kolkata Knight Riders. Do you like cricket?
Not really. I'm more of a tennis fan.
Well, I'm not sure. But I know he was born in London.
The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King stars Orlando Bloom. Do you like him?
He was also in Troy, have you seen that one?
Great, I'll add it to your list. Enjoy!
I do! It's a young adult fiction novel written by James Dashner.
It was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like science fiction?
That's a good one. It was released in 2015. It's part of a series. You should check it out.
Nicola Kraus wrote The Nanny Diaries.
Did you like Nanny Diaries because it was written by Dwayne Johnson?
Yes, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is written by J.K. Rowling and stars Morgan Freeman. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure if he starred in a TV show, but I do know that he starred in a movie called The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Daniel Radcliffe starred in a TV episode called The Incredibles. Have you seen it?
Mike Starr wrote The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen them?
Sure! Do you prefer Horror, Drama, or Crime Fiction?
Have you seen Grindhouse? He also starred in it.
It's a story about a father dealing with the accusation that he lost his life.
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
I think she's a great singer and actress. Did you know she starred in a movie called Tiny Beautiful Things?
John Carpenter wrote Escape from New York and starred in Escape from New York.
He also starred in The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen that one?
The Dirty Dozen also starred Reese Witherspoon and Emma Stone.
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom
He also stars in The Good Doctor which is a thriller.
Yes, it's a great movie. I hope you enjoy it.
Venus Williams is definitely one of the best tennis players of all time.
Yes, Serena is better than Venus Williams. Do you like tennis?
That's interesting. Did you know that Serena Williams is from the United States of America?
He plays for the Colombia national football team. Do you like soccer?
I'm not sure. I don't know if he is captain.
I prefer American Football. What is your favorite team?
Home Alone is written by John Hughes. Do you like his work?
Home Alone is written by John Hughes and has genre Young-adult fiction. You might also enjoy The Alchemist.
I don't know, but Home Alone 2 was released in 2003.
You are welcome
I do. He's a great singer. Do you know he's dating Jordin Sparks?
I don't know of any of his music. I do know he's also a singer and a model.
I am not sure. I just know that Demi Lovato is friends with Justin Bieber.
Did you like the movie because it was written by Stephen King?
He also wrote the Mists of Avalon and the Lawnmower Man
You're welcome
Are you looking for more by the same author or more of a Fantasy genre?
It is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
Yes, he's written a few fiction books. If you like fiction, you should check Out of the Dust.
I do! He starred in Deadpool and The Transporter Refueled. Have you seen them?
Yes, Radivoje Bukvic also starred in The Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen that?
It's a crime fiction. Do you like those types of movies?
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
You're welcome.
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade is written by Philip Kaufman.
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade is a Thriller. do you like thrillers?
Rohit Sarma he plays Cricket for the Mumbai Indians.
Well, from what I can tell, Rohit Sharma is an athlete.
I am not sure, but I know Rohit Sharma is from Nagpur.
Yes, he is. Do you know who he is?
Sure, he starred in The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell. Have you seen that?
The first one was published in 2008. I'm not sure.
That's right. Jim Morrison also released a book called The Doors of Perception.
The book called Atonement is written by Ian McEwan and it was released in 2002.
Christopher Hampton wrote The Collected Poems and The Suspense Cycle. Have you read those?
The film genre is Fiction and Psychological thriller. Do you like thrillers?
That movie is called Without Remorse. It's a thriller.
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie.
2012 was written by Roland Emmerich. Do you like action movies?
The Thirteenth Floor is a thriller
Matt Damon starred in The Thirteenth Floor.
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
Did you like the movie because it was a drama or a crime fiction?
Yes, she is. Did you know she also starred in The Last Stand?
Yes, he did. Did you know that Ryan Reynolds starred in The Road to El Dorado?
She starred in The Muppets and The Muppets. Have you seen them?
I haven't seen that movie yet. Is it a sci-fi?
Yes, it was written by John Grisham and released in 2012.
The Client is a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
The Client was written by John Grisham as well as a thriller.
You're welcome.
He's a soccer player right? I don't know much about him.
He plays midfielder and defender
I'm a huge sports fan.
Who is your favorite team?
Yes it is, and a Packer is a great player.
I'm not much of a football fan, but I do know that they're coached by David Platt.
I love soccer. Do you know who is your favorite player?
I'm not sure. What is their coach?
Did you like The Time Traveler's Wife because it was a satire or because it was a Romance?
Violets Are Blue is a mystery. Do you like mystery novels?
You are welcome.
You're welcome.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Another similar books is Pride and Prejudice.
It was written by Jane Austen
The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York is written by Virginia Woolf.
The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York was released in 1927.
It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
You're welcome.
Yes, she did. Did you know Call Me Maybe was released in 2011?
No, I didn't know that! Is it a comedy?
I liked that show. Did you know Call Me Maybe was a comedy?
Sure, he directed both Casablanca and The Proposal.
The Others stars Nicole Kidman and Liam Neeson. Do you like them?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Well, he wrote Madame Bovary. Are you interested in romance novels?
Madame Bovary is a romance novel released in 1856.
If you like romance novels, you should check out Welcome to Temptation or Welcome to Temptation.
He's been in a number of popular novels including The Way of the Gun and The Way of the Gun. Have you read them?
He also wrote Madame Bovary.
Madame Bovary is a romance novel released in 1856. Another good one released in 1856 is A Time to Kill.
If you like fiction, you should check out Wolf Brother. It's a fiction novel.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Tom Clancy starred in The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October.
He wrote The Secret Agent: A Simple Plan. Have you read it?
I am not sure. But it was released in 2001.
Nostromo a tale of the Seaboard was released in 2008.
Cormac McCarthy wrote The Road to El Dorado. Have you read it?
I'm not sure, but Cormac McCarthy wrote Apocalypto so I would recommend that one.
Cormac McCarthy wrote Your Heart Belongs to Me. It's a good one.
Your Heart Belongs to Me was released in 2004.
Your Heart Belongs to Me is a good one. Enjoy!
Jane Eyre was written by John Green and is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
He also wrote Jane Eyre and A Thousand Splendid Suns. Have you read those?
I'm not sure, but it was adapted from a book of the same name.
You're welcome.
It was written by Malala Yousafzai. Would you like to know more about her books?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Paulo Coelho wrote The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
Veronika Decide Morrer is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Paulo Coelho is a writer.
Kyrie Irving is playing for the Golden State Warriors now.
I'm more of a basketball fan. My favorite sport in the 90's is the Lakers
I'm more of a Lakers fan. Do you have a favorite team?
O Alquimista was written by Alan R. Clarke and released in 1988. Have you read it?
Paulo Coelho also wrote The Alchemist which is also in English.
I will do that. Enjoy!
Sure. I can tell you that it was written by Rebecca Wells who also wrote The Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood.
Rebecca Wells wrote Ya-Yas in Bloom, have you read it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! Kami Garcia wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Redemption. Have you read either of these yet?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome.
Sarah J Maas wrote Throne of Glass and The Assassin and the Desert. Have you read either of those?
Sarah J Maas also wrote The Assassin and the Underworld.
Great, hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I know that Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is written by Rick Riordan. It is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Kodi also starred in The Awakening, have you seen that one?
Dead Europe is considered a thriller. Do you like Kodi's movies?
You're welcome.
I do. Did you like that movie because it was a Sci-Fi?
If you like dramas, you should check out Zombieland. It's a great movie.
You are welcome have a great day!
This is The End was written by Evan Goldberg and stars Evan Goldberg. Have you seen it?
I can tell you that James Franco also produced The Good Doctor which is a Psychological Thriller.
I'm sorry, I don't have anymore information on Whatever It Takes.
Cold Mountain was written by Truman Capote. Would you like more books by this author or more about books by him?
He also wrote A Clockwork Orange, which is also written by him.
Thirteen Moons was released in 2005 and was written in English.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I'm not much of a football fan, but I do know that they're owned by Jim Caldwell.
He was in the movie Troy. Have you seen it?
Oh yeah, Zach Galifianakis was in that movie too, have you seen it?
Bruce Almighty was written by Steve Oedekerk and stars Jim Carrey. Do you like his movies?
Sure. Steve Carell starred in The Matrix Revisited and also in The Matrix Revolutions.
It's a drama starring Al Pacino, who also starred in The Truman Show.
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Hunger Games and The Kids Are All Right. Do you like him?
Yes, Zathura: A Space Adventure is a Sci-Fi/ Adventure film directed by Chris Hutcherson.
She's been in a number of movies including The Kids Are All Right and The Kids Are All Right.
I'm not sure. I do know that it's a Romantic Comedy.
You're welcome.
Yes, Pulp Fiction was written by Quentin Tarantio who also wrote Toy Story.
He also wrote Reservoir Dogs and Pulp Fiction.
You are welcome.
You're welcome.
She wrote Tina Fey's Lover and Tina Fey. Have you read either of those?
Yes, he was in The Kite Runner.
Sure, Tate Taylor directed The Help, starring Emma Stone. Have you seen it?
Yes, Cicely Tyson also starred in Woman on Top. Have you seen it?
She stars in The Women of Brewster Place with Oprah Winfrey.
You're welcome
Inception was written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Prestige.
The Prestige was directed by Christopher Nolan who also directed The Prestige
Have you seen the Star Wars Holiday Special? It's a great movie.
Indiana Jones is a great actor. Did you know he also starred in the Star Wars movies?
It is a thriller. Do you like those types of movies?
Do you like it because it's written by Paula McLain or because it's a fiction novel?
She also wrote Circling the Sun. Have you heard of that one?
It's a romance novel that was released in 1905.
I'm not sure, but it's a fiction novel.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Lea Thompson starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wild Life. Have you seen either of those?
She's a great actress. She has starred in such films as The Good Doctor and The Giver. Have you seen either of those?
That's a great one. I think you will enjoy Back to the Future Part II.
He also wrote A Good Day to Die, which is also a comedy.
Great, I'll add those to your list.
I do. Did you know that it was written by Francis Ford Coppola and starred Marlon Brando?
Yes, she starred in The Godfather Part II and The Godfather II.
Yes, he did direct The Godfather II.
Gustave Flaubert wrote The Name of the Wind. Have you read it?
He also wrote Undaunted Veil. Have you read that one?
Yes, it was released in 2004. Another good Romance novel you might enjoy is Welcome to Temptation. Have you read that one?
Sure! I also recommend The Secret Life of Bees, it is a great read.
I know he wrote Män som hatar kvinnor
Kristin Cashore wrote Graceling, Fire, Bitterblue. Have you read any of these?
Sure. She wrote Graceling, Fire, Bitterblue. Have you read any of these?
She was born in Addis Abroad and is a Fiction Novel.
The Witch of Blackbird Pond by William Nicholson is similar to The Velveteen Rabbit
The Giver is written by Lois Lowry and has genre Fiction.
He's a quarterback for the Green Bay Packers right?
I'm a big fan of the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
I haven't been to a long time. I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. How about you?
It was a lot of fun, it was a lot of fun to watch though.
Yes, The Lost Hero was written by Rick Riordan. It is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
The Lost Hero is a Thriller
Yes,It is written by Rick Riordon
You are welcome
Dan Scanlon wrote Monsters, Monsters, Monsters, Monsters, Monsters, Monsters, Monsters vs. Aliens.
I'm not sure who else stars in Monsters University, but I can tell you it is also a Sci-Fi movie.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, Niccol Machiavelli wrote I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings. Have you read it?
The Prince is a Thriller.
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People is also written by Mark Twain.
I know he's a singer and a musician. Did you know he's also a musician?
I'm more of a classic hip hop fan. Do you know if he's dating Roderick Thornton
I love his music! I think you will enjoy some of his music.
Sure! Do you like books written by Truman Capote, or do you prefer Crime Fiction?
You might also enjoy Catch-22 written by Capote, it is a crime fiction.
You are welcome. Enjoy your reading!
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca starring Tom Hanks.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is also a biography biography. Another biography you might enjoy is The Invisible Man.
Walk the Line is a biography about The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks. It was released in 2004.
The Long Hard Road Out of Hell was written by Harold Ramis, who also wrote Walk the Line.
I think she's a great singer. Did you know she won the Grammys for Best New Artist and Best Picture Picture?
Yes, I like her song Valentine's Day. Have you heard of it?
I don't know about her music. Is she a singer?
She's a great actress. She starred in The Princess Diaries and The Thin Red Line.
White Squall stars Matt Damon and Matt Damon. Do you like them?
Coming of Age is written by Richard Condon. He also stars in The Sneephew.
I'm not sure about that. I do know that The Secret Life of Bees is written by Quentin Tarantino.
You're welcome. Enjoy the movies!
Charles Dickens wrote The Old Curiosity Shop and The Old Curiosity Shop. Have you read either of those?
The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club was released in 1985. It's about a posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you he was influenced by William Shakespeare, William Shakespeare, William Shakespeare, William Shakespeare, and William Shakespeare.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
John Grogan wrote Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog.
He also starred in Marley & Me. Have you seen it?
Do you like Scream because it's a Thriller or because it's a Thriller?
If you liked horror movies, you should check out Shark Night. It stars Kyla Pratt. She's a great actor.
It's a romantic comedy starring Johnny Depp. It was released in 1999.
Sylvester Stallone wrote The Expendables and The Expendables
Yes, Randy Couture starred in The Expedables. Would you like to know more about it?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Tom Cruise starred in Redbelt.
It was written by Cassandra Clare and released in 2014. Have you read it?
City of Bones, City of Bones, City of Bones, City of Bones, City of Bones, City of Bones, City of Bones, City of Bones, City of Bones and City of Bones.
If you like young adult fiction, you should read The Looking Glass Wars. It's also a fantasy novel.
Sure. Do you like Quentin Tarantino movies?
Royal Kill stars Keanu Reeves and Robert De Niro.
I think Ma Long is a table tennis athlete from China. Are you a fan?
That's cool. Did you know he was in the 2012 Olympics?
Yes, Michael Phelps is a great swimmer. What do you think of him?
You're very welcome!
Bobby Farrelly starred in Stuck on You and Stuck on You. Do you like his movies?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Matt Damon also stars in the movie The Manchurian Candidate. Do you like his movies?
Rob Cohen directed The Skulls and The Fast and the Furious
I'm not sure, but Paul Walker also starred in The Skulls.
You're welcome.
I know it's a German sports club coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
It's a German sports club . Do you like soccer?
Yes, Thomas Müller also starred in the UEFA Champions League Final
I think he's a great singer. He's also a musician and a musician.
Yes, he plays for the Mumbai Indians.
Sure. Million Dollar Baby was directed by him. It's a Thriller.
Morgan Lee Jones Greta starred in Million Dollar Baby.
You are welcome
He directed The Lives of Others, have you seen it?
The Tourist is a Romantic Comedy starring Ulrich Mühe.
I hope you enjoy the movie. The movie stars Orlando Bloom and Michael Pena.
I'm not sure, but I know it was released in 2007.
I'm not sure who wrote The Dead Undead and Jonah Hex.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I'm not a huge fan of the team but I do know that they won the NBA All Rookie Award and the NBA All Rookie Team
Yeah he's great. Did you know he won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award?
Yeah, he's great. He's also a great player.
Jane Eyre wrote Pride and Prejudice and Zombies. Have you read either of those?
Jane Eyre is actually the first book of a romance novel
Then you might enjoy The War of the Worlds or The Time Machine
Isn't he a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics?
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
No, I didn't know that.
He wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read it?
The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas is a fiction novel.
You are welcome.
Yes, it was written by Million Little Pieces and a Speculative fiction. Do you like Speculative fiction?
Sure. The genre memoir is a mystery/mystery novel by James Frey.
He directed The Best Man and The Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen them?
Richard Andrews wrote The tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark. Have you read it?
Yes. It was released in 1600. Have you read Winter's Tale?
I'm not sure. I do know that Shakespear's Tale is part of a series.
Sure. Added to your list.
I know he plays for the Germany national football team.
Yes, Thomas Muller is also a midfielder and a midfielder as well.
Not really, I am more of a American Football fan. What sport do you like?
Isn't he a tennis player?
I'm not sure, but I know he's from Belgium. Do you like tennis?
She's a singer-songwriter. Did you know she was born in Los Angeles?
No, I didn't know she won that Grammy.
That's right. Did you know she won the Grammy for Best Male Pop Pop Video Music Award for Video of the Year?
Do you like Jaws because it is written by Jaws because it is a horror movie?
Yes! Keith Gordon starred in Jaws 2 as well.
You are welcome.
She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie. Have you seen either of those?
Amelie is written by Gustave Flaubert.
Amelie is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Rob Cohen starred in The best movie in my opinion.
The skulls is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The skulls was released in 1989 and is written by Steven Spielberg.
Well, Craig T. Nelson starred in The Road to El Dorado, which is a crime fiction film.
Leslie Bibb also starred in Wilde and Valkyrie.
You are welcome
I don't know much about them, but I do know that they are owned by Lovie Smith
I'm not a huge fan of the Buffalo Bills, but I do know the team is owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
My favorite football team is the Denver Broncos. Do you have a favorite team?
I love Linkin Park, they are my favorite band. My favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
Somewhere I Belong is a pop rock song. Do you like pop music?
Somewhere I Belong is more of a hip hop genre. Do you like hip hop?
I'm not much of a football fan, but I do enjoy American football. How about you?
That's amazing. They were the runner-ups in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
That's pretty cool. Did you know the Patriots won the Superbowl XXXVIII Super Bowl?
In Cold Blood was written by Truman Capote who also wrote To Kill a Mockingbird
Then you might enjoy Utterly Cold Blood by Philip Kaufman. Have you read it?
No, it was based on a true story.
Did you like it because it is a comedy or because it is starring Tom Skerrit?
Yes it is. Another movie you might enjoy is The Cat in the Hat. Have you seen that one?
Another comedy movie you might enjoy is Wilde. Have you seen that one?
They are owned by Jay-Z and owned by Jay-Z. They're owned by Jay-Z.
I'm not a big fan of the sport. But I do know that the team is owned by Woody Allen.
I do like basketball. Do you have a favorite team?
I haven't seen it but I know it was written by William Nicholson and stars Hugh Jackman.
She's great. She's been in a number of movies. She was in the TV series, Superbad. Have you heard of that one?
I'm not sure who starred in it, but I know she is also a voice actor.
You're welcome.
Sure, he's starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton. Have you seen it?
Yes, and Robin Williams starred in The Birdcage.
I'm not sure, but it was released in 1997.
Yes, I like the movie starring Orlando Bloom. Do you like him?
I'm not sure. I do know that he was in The Good Doctor.
If you like thrillers, you should check out Shark Night. It's a thriller starring Kyla Pratt.
Do you like X-Men Origins because it stars Hugh Jackman or because it is a Thriller?
He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine and The Wolverine.
Waiting also starred Ryan Reynolds and it was a great movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
True Grit is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
He's been in a lot of movies. He was in The People Speak, The People Speak, and The People Speak. Have you seen those?
I don't know of any action movies with him, but I do know that he was in The People Speak, which is a great movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Boyhood is written by Roald Dahl. He also directed The Old Curiosity Shop. Have you seen that movie?
He also directed Snatch and Snatch. Have you seen those?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that it was released in 2011. Would you like to know more about this movie?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
King Kong was written by Steven Zaillian, who also wrote The Dark Knight.
It is categorized as a drama. Do you like drama?
Then you might enjoy The Matrix Revolutions or The Matrix Revolutions.
I'm not sure, but it is also considered a science fiction film.
They are a sports team. They are a part of the NFC south. Are you a fan?
You're welcome.
That sounds like a great deal. Yesterday they won Superbowl XXI, II,IX,IX and II.
He directed Maleficent. Have you seen that one?
It stars Seth Rogen and James Franco. Are you familiar with either of these actors?
Channing Tatum also starred in The Young Messiah.
Channing Tatum also starred in Wilde and Dazed and Confused.
I'm not sure, but Mindy Kaling also starred in The Vow.
You're welcome.
The Silence of the Lambs is written by J.R.R Tolkien. Do you like young adult fiction?
Ralph Fiennes has been in such films as The Red Dragon and The Iliad. Have you seen those?
You're welcome
Schindler's List is a thriller. You might enjoy that film.
She starred in The Lion King and The Lion King. Have you seen either of those?
If you like action movies, you should check out The Lion King. It's a classic.
You're welcome.
Yes, I love the movie written by Vince Flynn. Do you like thrillers?
Will Smith also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness and in The Pursuit of Happyness.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Shia LaBeouf is a war film.
Sure. Enjoy the movie.
I know he's an athlete on the Manchester United F.C. team.
i know Fabrio Capello is also a midfielder as well.
I'm more of a American Football fan. What about you?
Yes, Steve McQueen wrote and directed Christmas movies. He also starred in The Other Guys. Have you seen this movie?
I like their K-Pop style of music! Have you heard of them?
They are both from South Korea and they have been together in a long time.
I'm not sure, but I know they were born in Seoul. They're a great place.
Jason Flemyng starred in Wild Bill, Welcome to the Punch, and Welcome to the Punch. Have you seen any of these?
I am not sure, but Jason Flemyng also starred in Welcome to the Punch.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Elie Wiesel.
Un di Velt Hot Geshvign is a non-fiction book. It was released in 1958.
You're welcome.
Do you like it because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
The Wolverine stars Hugh Jackman and Hugh Jackman. Do you like his movies?
You're welcome. Have a good day.
Yes, he is a famous author from Barcelona. He was born in Barcelona and died in Spain.
He was also a physician. He was born in Spain.
Yes, he starred in a few movies. He was also in a movie called Interstellar.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Ziggy Marley starred in both of his films.
I sure can! Epatha Merkerson wrote My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories. Have you seen it?
The Six Wives of Henry Lefay is a historical drama.
The Six Wives of Henry Lefay is a drama. The Six Wives of Henry Lefay is also a drama.
Steven D. Levitt wrote SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling, Patriotic Prostitutes, and The Antichrist Takes the Throne.
Great! Steven D. Dubner also wrote A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything. Have you read it?
I have not read any of his books, but I know he is from the United States.
You should read A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything by Stephen J. Dubner.
Edgar Wright wrote The Iliad. It's a satire.
Yes it is. The World's End is considered children's literature.
Yes, he is. You should check it out.
Coldplay is a band with Justin Timberlake. Do you like their music?
The Escapist is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, I can tell you that The Escapist is the only song I have written by The Escapist.
Laini Taylor wrote Dreams of Gods & Monsters and Dreams of Gods.
Dreams of Gods & Monsters was released in 2011 and was written by Laini Taylor.
It was released in 2015. I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, Damian Lillard is a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers. Do you like him?
That's right. Did you know that Damian Lillard is from Oakland?
I've seen him on TV. He's a great actor. He's been in many movies.
Quentin Tarantino starred in Pulp Fiction, have you seen it?
It was written by Rupi Kaur and also stars Zoey Deutch.
He also starred in Zombie's Tale. Have you seen that one?
Do you like Big Fish because it's a family movie?
Kenny Ortega also directed A Beautiful Mind, starring Vivica A. Fox.
Yes, I recommend Step Up, Windtalkers, and Waiting to Exhale. Have you seen any of those?
You are welcome. Enjoy the movie.
Phil LaMarr wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read this one yet?
Sure, Zambezia has a genre of Thriller, Drama, Sci-Fi, Drama, and Comedy. Do you like those genres?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You're welcome.
Yes they are. They are owned by Jay-Z. They're part of the NBA.
That's a great movie. Did you like the movie because it's a sci-fi?
You should check out Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen. It's a action movie.
It also stars Xander Berkeley and it is an action movie. Do you like action movies?
I Love You is a Romance Novel. Do you like Romance Novels?
Do you like Voyager because it's a romance novel?
Yes, it's a romance novel as well.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I'm not sure, but I know she plays for the Mumbai Indians.
I'm not much of a tennis fan, but I do know that Serena Williams is also from Mumbai.
I have never seen that movie, I will have to check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
Sure! He starred in a few movies, including The Secret Life of Bees, and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
The genre is Thriller.
If you like thrillers, you should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt. It is a great movie.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen who also wrote Pride and Prejudice.
Yes. It was written by Jane Austen and is a satire.
She wrote Lord of the Flies which is also a satire.
You are welcome.
Yes, she is a singer and a song writer. She sings a lot of different types of songs. Have you heard of A Thousand Years?
I don't know of any of them, but I do know that he is a composer and a musician.
I'm not sure. But I know it was released in 2010.
You're welcome
Edgar Ramirez starred in The Confederacy of Dunces. Have you seen that movie?
If you like Crime Fiction movies, you should check out Zoolander. It's a great movie.
I'm not sure, but The Hurt Locker is written by Mark Boal. You should check it out.
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
He starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys. Have you seen them?
Sure. Unaccompanied Minors also stars Mindy Kaling which is a comedy.
Sure. If you like action movies, you might enjoy The Other Guys or The Giver.
Sure. Unaccompanied Minors is added.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, he wrote the Män som hatar kvinnor
It's a Romance starring Reese Witherspoon and Anne Hathaway.
Great, I think you will enjoy it. Enjoy!
Yes, it was written by Christopher Nolan and stars Christian Bale. Do you like his work?
Yes. Leo Tolstoy also wrote The Subterraneans.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Leo Tolstoy was influenced by Richard Linklater.
You're welcome.
Twilight is written by Meg Cabot. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes she did. She also wrote The Chemist. Have you read that one?
You're welcome
Sure. The Social Network was written by Justin Timberlake and stars Justin Timberlake. Do you like his movies?
Sure, Holden Scott starred in The Social Network.
Rashida Jones starred in What's your number
You're welcome
Jeremy Tambling is an author who wrote the book David Copperfield. Have you read that book?
I'm not sure. But I know Jeremy Tambling is also a writer. He wrote a lot of Speculative fiction.
Yes, Zadie Smith wrote a lot of good books. He wrote The Temple of My Familiar and The Temple of My Familiar.
John Carpenter directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13.
The Fog was directed by John Carpenter and stars Tom Hanks. It's a great movie.
She's great. I'll add that one to your watch list.
Escape from New York is a drama film directed by John Carpenter.
Lord of the Rings was written by J.R.R. Tolkien. Do you like the author or the genre?
Women in Love was written by J.R.R Tolkien who also wrote Lord of the Rings
He wrote The Martian Chronicles and The Invisibles.
Did you like the Matrix because it starred Keanu Reeves or because it was a Sci-Fi?
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski and stars Keanu Reeves and Laurence Fishburne.
Inception stars Keanu Reeves, Michael Caine, and Michael Caine.
A Wrinkle in Time is a young adult fiction written by Madeleine L'Engle. Do you like young adult fiction?
Have you read A Wind in the Door? It's a great book.
Yes. It was released in 2008. It's also a sequel to The Chocolate War.
The Witch of Blackbird Pond was also written by J.K. Simmons. You might enjoy that one.
I'm not sure, but I know it was released in 1974.
You're welcome.
Ayush Mahesh Khedkar starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Invasion. Have you seen those?
Slumdog Millionaire is a romance film.
Swarup was released in 2013. I'm not sure.
You're welcome
Aidan Turner starred in The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones, which is a crime fiction film.
Aidan Turner also starred in The Hobbit.
The genre is Fantasy.
The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones
The Golden Compass was directed by Chris Weitz.
Did you like the author Roald Dahl or the genre Young-adult fiction?
Zoe's Tale is also a Speculative fiction and was written by John Scalzi.
Yes, Zoe's Tale and Z for Zachariah is also Speculative fiction.
I know that Donna Tartt wrote it and it was released in 2013. Do you like her work?
Yes, she won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. Do you like fiction books?
Yes Donna Tartt also wrote The Secret History
Yes, she was born in Los Angeles, California.
You are welcome.
It was written by Jojo Moyes. Do you like Jojo Moyes?
The Ship of Brides was also written by Jojo Moyes. Have you read it?
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
Yes, I do. Did you know that John Green wrote that book?
Did you know that John Green also wrote Paper Towns?
Yep. It's a great movie. Did you know John Green also produced The Fault in Our Stars.
Yep. If you like Young-adult fiction, I would recommend The Fault in Our Stars.
Sure, F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Great Gatsby.
I am not sure. However, I can recommend another book by F. Scott Fitzgerald called The Grand Budapest Hotel.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! Tim Miller wrote Deadpool. Have you read that one?
The Goon is a fantasy movie, do you like fantasy movies?
The Goon is a great movie, some of the movies he was in are The Goon and The Goon. Have you seen them?
You are welcome
Pan's Labyrinth was written by Guillermo del Toro, have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but it also starred Alex Angulo.
I'm not sure about the movie but I do know that it is written by Guillermo del Toro.
You might enjoy The Looking Glass Wars, or The Golden Compass.
Great! Enjoy the movie!
He wrote The Water is Wide and The Prince of Tides. Have you read either of those?
Yes that's true. Did you know that George Carlin also wrote The Water is Wide and The Prince of Tides
The Vampire Chronicles was written by Michael York, do you like his books?
Yes, he wrote , .
I haven't had a chance to read it, but I do know that it was released in 1895.
I do enjoy dramas. Did you know Francis Ford Coppola produced The Godfather Part II as well?
If you like Robert Duvall, you should check out The Godfather Part II.
It was written by Sean Penn and was released in 2012.
I'm not sure, but it was directed by Sean Penn.
He's been in a lot of adventure movies like True Grit and The Wild. Have you seen them?
He's a great tennis player. Did you know that Garth Williams starred in The Matrix Revolutions?
Tom Hooper directed The King and the King's Speech.
Sure! Les Miserables stars Hugh Jackman, who also starred in the movie The Invisibles, which is also a Romance film.
You're welcome.
I think he's a great singer and he's a great singer. Do you like his music?
I think he's a great singer and actress. Did you know he was born in Los Angeles?
I agree. I'm a huge fan of Taylor Swift. Who is your favorite singer?
You're very welcome!
Yes, they are a German sports team coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
They were the runner-ups in Super Bowl XLIII.
I am not sure. I do know that they won the 2005 PGA Championship.
The Maze Runner series is a young adult fiction book. Do you like fiction books?
The author is Rick Riordan
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! Arundhati Roy wrote The God of Small Things. Have you read that one yet?
It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it was made into a movie.
You are welcome, enjoy!
That was written by Sue Monk Kidd and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It was written by Sue Monk Kidd and is a Speculative Fiction.
i'm not sure but the book is written by Mark Isham
She wrote Dracula. Have you read it?
Nina Auerbach wrote The Invisibles. Have you read that one?
Nina Auerbach wrote a book called The Assassination of Jesse.
You are welcome.
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring written by J.R.R. Tolkien
The Good Doctor was written by J.R.R. Tolkien. He also wrote Troy.
You're welcome. He's a great actor.
I'm not much of a fan of their coach, but I do know they are owned by Bob McNair. Do you like them?
Not really. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. How about you?
That's interesting. Do you know who owns the Texans stadium is?
Julian Glover starred in Troy, have you seen it?
Emily Bronte and Jesse McCartney are also in it. Do you like them?
I'm not sure of the release date, but I can tell you it was released in 1985.
Sure! Wuthering Heights was written by Emily Bronte and stars Emily Bronte. It's a Thriller.
Yes, she wrote The Good Earth which is a Historical Novel. Have you read it?
It was released in 1905. Do you like historical period dramas?
The Waves was released in 1931. Another good one you might like is The War of the Worlds.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, she is a great tennis player. Did you know she lost to Serena Williams?
I'm not sure about her but I know she won the 2007 PGA Championship.
That's right. Isn't he a celebrity?
Yes, he plays for the Pune Warriors right?
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christensen
That's the only one I know of released in 1989. It was written by Guillermo del Toro.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
You're welcome.
The Avengers was written by Scarlett Johansson. Do you like the writer or the genre?
Yes he wrote X-Men 2 and starred in it.
I'm not sure of the release date. Is there anything else I can help with?
You are welcome
Did you like it because it was written by Dan Brown or because it was a comedy?
If you like romance movies, you should check out Zoolander. It's a great movie.
You are welcome. Enjoy the movies.
Sure! He wrote The Stand. Have you read that one yet?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that he's from France.
The Dead Zone is a fantasy novel. Do you like fiction?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Rob Lowe starred in a movie called The Passage
Did you like the movie because it was written by Winston Groom or because it stars Tom Hanks?
Tom Hanks also starred in The Road to El Dorado. Have you seen that one?
Larry Crowne is considered one of the most popular movies of all time. It also stars Tom Hanks.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome!
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
It's also considered a thriller and was released in 2010.
It stars Keanu Reeves and Joss Whedon. It's a mystery.
I'm not much of a football fan but I do know they won the Super Bowl XLIII Super Bowl XLIII.
It looks like they're currently in the AFC East division of the Cowboys.
That is correct. Have you ever been to the Seattle Seahawks?
It was written by Jerry Spinelli who also wrote Milkweed and was released in 2010.
Sure! He wrote Milkweed and Maniac Magee. Have you read them?
Sure! Wicked Lovely is also a young-adult fiction novel written by Melissa Marr. Have you read it?
I think he is a good tennis player. Do you like him?
That's right. Who is your favorite tennis player?
I agree. What is your favorite tennis player?
Sure, Mary GrandPre wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read this one yet?
Yes, they were written by JK Rowlings.
Sure, do you like books written by Liane Moriarty or do you like her?
That's correct. Big Little Lies was released in 2015. It's a speculative fiction.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I'm not a huge fan of the Cowboys, but I do know they're owned by Jim Caldwell.
My favorite team is the Cowboys. My favorite team is the Redskins.
Not too bad, but they are a good team.
I think he deserves to be a good team.
Yes! Bryan Singer starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, X-Men: Days of Future Past, X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen any of those?
Stan Lee also wrote X-Men 2 and X-Men 2
The Incredible Hulk stars Ralph Fiennes and Stan Lee. Would you like to see The Incredible Hulk?
She wrote The Hiding Place. Have you read that one yet?
The Hiding Place is Non-Fiction and Children's Literature.
You're welcome.
Noah Emmerich starred in Windtalkers, Tumbleweeds, and Tumbleweeds just to name a few.
Sure, you might enjoy "The Warrior" or "Warrior."
You might also like the movie "Twilight starring Matt Damon.
Great, enjoy the movie!
Phil Lord directed The Lego Movie and 22 Jump Street. Have you seen them?
Jamie Lee Curtis and Sam Rockwell starred in 22 Jump Street.
I don't think so, but Channing Tatum was in The Last Samurai.
You're welcome.
It was written by Sean Penn and stars Sean Penn. Do you like Sean Penn?
Would you like to know more about it, or are you a fan of Sean Penn?
Yes, she did. No Strings Attached was written by Jennifer Jason Leigh.
You're welcome. Enjoy your movie.
Did you like it because it was a Thriller or because it was a Thriller?
If you like Sci-Fi movies, you should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt
Zombieland is starring Jack Nicholson, who also starred in The Last Stand.
I don't know what year it was released
She wrote The Red Tent and The Red Tent. Have you read either of those?
Another good one by Anita Diamant is The Green Mile. Have you read that one?
You're welcome.
That book was written by A Little Princess, would you like to read other books by A Little Princess, or other books written by A Little Princess?
The King of Attolia was written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
I would recommend Witches Abroad or Witches Abroad. Both are very good.
That book was written by Ernest Hemingway. Do you like Hemingway's work?
Then you might enjoy A Farewell to Arms series. A Farewell to Arms series is also a Fiction Novel written by Ernest Hemingway.
To Have and Have Not is a Romance Novel that was released in 1989. Would you like to know more about it?
Groundhog Day is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Groundhog Day is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes Harold Ramis wrote it and he starred in Ghostbusters
You are welcome
I love Linkin Park, they are my favorite band. My favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
Do you like the movie because it stars Tom Hanks or because it is a Thriller?
There's a sequel called Waiting for Red October which is also a Sci-Fi movie.
I'm not sure. But it was released in 2014. I think you will enjoy it.
Yes, she was in it. She also starred in Catwoman. Have you seen that movie?
Sure, Jean-pierre Youngt directed The House at Pooh Corner and The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen them?
I am not sure. I do know that he also starred in The House of Mirth.
I am not sure, but I can tell you he is a comedian.
You are welcome.
The Ocean at the End of the Lane was written by Neil Gaiman and was released in 2013. If you like Neil Gaiman, you might enjoy The Ocean at the End of the Lane.
It was written by Neil Gaiman and was released in 2013.
You are welcome.
It's a great movie. It was written by Joel Coen and stars Seth Rogen.
Tommy Lee Jones also starred in The Matrix Revolutions and in The Matrix Revolutions.
I'm not sure who directed that movie, but he also directed The Matrix Revolutions.
Do you like the movie because it's a drama or a crime fiction?
It's a great movie. It's a drama. Do you like drama?
I am not sure. I do know that it is also a spy genre.
You're welcome.
Me Before You was written by Joss Whedon. Have you heard of it?
Jojo Moyes also wrote The Ship and The One Plus One. Have you read them?
You are welcome.
I do not know, but I know he's a famous author who wrote The Alchemist.
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Count of Monte Cristo and The Three Musketeers.
Well, there's a movie called Welcome to the Monkey House that was released in 1844.
You're welcome.
Sure, he wrote The Little House on the Left. Have you read that one yet?
Yes, that's a great movie starring Tom Cruise. Have you seen it?
I have not seen it but I do know that Peter Capaldi also starred in Tom Cruise. Have you seen it?
Great. I hope you enjoy the movie.
Katherine Paterson wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and The Great Gilly Hopkins. Have you read either of those?
The Great Gilly Hopkins is a sequel of The Great Gilly Hopkins and The Great Gilly Hopkins.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Do you like the genre because it's a young adult fiction?
Then you might enjoy Catch-22. It's also in the Thriller genre.
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt, Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
Yes, Jamie McGuire wrote Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West.
Walking Disaster is a young-adult fiction novel by Jamie McGuire.
I don't have any murder mystery recommendations. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome
Did you like the Matrix Reloaded because it stars Keanu Reeves or because it is a Sci-Fi?
You might enjoy The Matrix Reloaded or The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen those?
John Wick also starred Keanu Reeves. Would you like to know more about John Wick?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I like her song Wild Ones. Have you heard of it?
Yes, she won the MTV Music Video Music Award for Best Video Video Music Award and the Video Music Award for Best Video Video Music Award.
Yes, Australia is on the bucket list as well. She is a great singer and singer.
Lana Wachowski starred in The Matrix Revolutions and in The Matrix Revolutions.
I'm a big fan of romance movies. Do you like romance movies?
Yes, it's a great movie. I'm sure you will enjoy it.
Blood Promise is a young adult fiction book. Do you like young adult fiction?
She also wrote the Mists of Avalon which is also a Young-adult novel
It was also written by Richelle Mead, who is also a young-adult novelist.
Yes he did along with Richelle Mead
Do you like Mission: Impossible because it's a Action/Adventure movie?
Do you like it because it's a romance or because it stars Morgan Freeman?
I do not know of similar movies, but Will Ferrell also starred in Zombieland which is a romantic comedy.
I'm not sure, but Will Ferrell starred in the movie Avatar. You might enjoy that movie.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Tom Skerritt starred in Ted. Would you like to know more about this movie?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, Maruice Hindle wrote The Matrix Revolutions and The Next Three Days. Have you read either of those?
That's great! You may also like The Last Olympian written by Maurice Hindle.
I'm not sure, but it was written in English.
I sure do. Gustave Flaubert wrote The Name of the Wind. Have you read that one?
It was released in 1856. It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, she did. It was released in 1856.
I know they are part of the NFC South division. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about them, other than they are owned by Jim Caldwell.
I'm more into sports. I like baseball, baseball and baseball.
Yes, there is a sequel to Toy Story starring Tom Hanks
Toy Story 3 and Tom Hanks star in Toy Story 3.
It's a great movie!
Sure thing! Enjoy!
Blake Griffin is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Do you like basketball?
I'm not sure, but I know he plays for the Golden State Warriors.
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Sure, Blade Runner is a sci-fi thriller film written and directed by David Ayer.
William Sanderson also starred in The Wolverine. Have you seen that one?
William Sanderson also starred in The Last Olympian. Have you seen that one?
Bood Diamond starred Robert Downey Jr. and also in the movie The Da Vinci Code. Have you seen it?
He's a great actor. If you liked Bood Diamond, he also stars in The Aviator. Have you seen that one?
Oh yes, Stephen Collins starred in "The Wolf of Wall Street" and "The Tempest."
Sure, James Nesbitt starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romance?
The Way is a romantic comedy. It's a great movie.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Law Abiding Citizen was written by Kurt Wimmer, do you like Thrillers?
Roger Bart also starred in The Mists of Avalon which is also a psychological thriller.
If you like psychological thrillers, you should check out Zoolander. It's starring Roger Bart.
Did you like the fifth element because it was written by Andrew Niccol or because it was a Thriller?
Do you like the fifth element because it is the same type of movie as the fifth element or because it is the same type of movie.
You're welcome
Yes, I am familiar with her work. Did you know she was born in Los Angeles?
I'm not sure of any of her songs, but I do know that she has a great voice. One of my favorites is The Giver. Have you heard that one?
I like her too. Did you know Lady Gaga has a great voice?
Sure. Carlos Ruiz Zafon wrote The Last Samurai. Have you read that one yet?
It was released in 2002. It's a speculative fiction.
I'm not sure. I do know that he wrote a book called El juego del chivo.
She wrote The Red Tent and The Red Tent. Have you read either of those?
It is fiction
Anita Diamant also wrote The Red Tent
You are welcome
The Untouchables is starring Tom Cruise. Do you like Tom Cruise or because Tom Cruise starred in it?
I can't find any information about Capone, but if you like action movies, you should check out Zoolander.
It's a great movie. If you like The Godfather movies, you should check it out.
It's a great movie. It's a romance film.
You're welcome
I have not seen it but I know it was written by Preston Preston and released in 2011.
It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, I would recommend X-Men Origins: Wolverine, X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Xenocide
12 Years A Slaves stars Tom Waits and Liam Neeson.
You're welcome
Margaret Stohl wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Redemption. Have you read either of those ?
It's a Romance novel. Do you like Romance Novels?
I'm not sure if it would qualify as Young Adult Fiction but I do know it is also a romance novel.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time is a war/drama movie similar to Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time.
The Looking Glass Wars is a great fantasy movie. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure who stars in that movie, but I do know it was written by JK Rowling.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Did you like the book because it was written by Sophie Kinsella or because it was released in 2005?
Sophie Kinsella wrote Wedding Night, Twenties Girl and Twenties Girl
I'm not sure, but it was released in 2013.
You are welcome.
Kristin Cashore wrote Graceling, Fire, Bitterblue. Have you read any of these?
Yes, it is a romance novel, do you like romance novels?
It is written by Jerome Bixby
No problem
Yes I have. She wrote Brooklyn and was released in 1943. Do you like her work?
The Tree In Brooklyn was released in 1905
Yes it was written in English
I'm not much of a fan, but I know Eden Hazard plays for the Belgium national football team.
I'm not much of a soccer fan. I prefer American Football. What is your favorite sport?
I'm more of a baseball fan. How about you?
My favorite team is the Red Sox. What's your favorite team?
He's an actor who starred in many movies. He's a great actor. Have you seen Jurassic Park?
No, I haven't seen it but I do know that Tom Cruise starred in that as well.
Sure, David Fincher directed The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly. Have you seen any of those?
Yes i do one of them is Shackleton. Have you seen it?
Kevin McNally and Kenneth Branagh also star in Shackleton.
It came out in 2004.
He wrote Lord of the Flies. Have you read that one?
He wrote Gregor and the Marks of Secret. Do you like speculative fiction?
If you like thrillers, you should read Zoolander. It's a great book.
You are welcome.
Sarah Dressen wrote Throne of Glass and The Assassin and the Underworld. Have you read either of those?
I'm not sure, but I know they are written by Sebastian Schipper.
You're welcome. Enjoy the weekend!
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 stars Emma Stone and Emma Stone.
Yes! Emma Stone is married to Emma Stone. She also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man and The Incredible Hulk.
Yes Rashida Jones also starred in The Social Network.
You are very welcome!
I know that he wrote Things Fall Apart. Do you like Fiction?
Then you might like Welcome to the Monkey House. It's a fiction novel.
No, I haven't seen them. Is that a fiction movie?
You are welcome have a great day.
Sure. Do you like Quentin Tarantino movies?
Yes. Jamie Foxx starred in it as well.
You are welcome
Mitch Alborn wrote Tuesdays with Morrie, have you read it?
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre Speculative Fiction and Fiction
Have you read Tuesdays with Morrie, it is a Non fiction book
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski who also wrote V for Vendetta. Have you seen it?
Ninja Assassin stars Keanu Reeves and Laurence Fishburne.
I'm not a big fan of The Weekend. Is it a Romantic Comedy?
You're welcome.
I'm not sure, but Echoes of Silence has a great effects.
I'm not much of a fan of a book like A Time to Kill. Did you know it was written by Matthew Vaughn?
He also wrote The Pelican Brief and The Firm.
The Brethren was released in 2008. It's a crime fiction.
The Mists of Avalon by John Grisham is the most popular novel of all time.
I'm not sure, but it is written in English.
You're welcome.
That book was written by Dr Seuss, who also wrote The Cat in the Hat and Ham.
The Cat in the Hat, Horton Hears a Who! and There's a Wocket in My Pocket. Have you read any of those ?
There's a Wocket in My Pocket written by J.K. Simmons and is a Speculative fiction.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Adam Levine is a great singer and a songwriter. Do you like his work?
I do like his music. Did you know Adam Levine also starred in The Voice?
I don't watch them. I do like X Factor because it's a comedy.
Peter Dinklage starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
Yes, it's a sci-fi. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome. Enjoy the movies!
The Tragedy of Othello, The Moor of Venice is written by William Shakespeare.
He also wrote Romeo and Juliet, A Midsummer Night's Dream, and A Midsummer Night's Dream.
You might enjoy A Midsummer Night's Dream or A Midsummer Night's Dream.
You're welcome. Enjoy your reading!
Anthony Hopkins starred in Water for Elephants and The Stand. Have you seen those?
Yes bobby is starring Anthony Hopkins
The movie was released in 1990.
He has been in many movies. He was in a movie called No Country for Old Men which also stars Anthony Hopkins.
You are welcome.
He wrote Wizard and Glass and The Sandman: Endless Nights.
Yes, that's right. He also wrote The Absolute Sandman.
He was influenced by Virginia Woolf and Roger Allam. He also starred in The Adjustment Bureau.
Yes, it's considered Children's Literature as well as Fiction.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Her is written by Scarlett Johansson and stars Scarlett Johansson.
Scarlett Johansson starred in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie, along with Jennifer Jason Leigh.
Great! I'm sure you will enjoy them!
Yes, Scarlett Johansson also stars in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
I'm sorry I'm not sure of the release date.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, I like Kill Bill: Vol. 2 because it is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You should check out Zooey Deschanel starring Uma Thurman.
Yes, he was in Pulp Fiction as well as Sam Rockwell.
I'm not much of a fan of the Tennessee Titans. Are they part of the NFC East?
I don't know much about him. I do know he is from the United States.
I agree, he did great things. Did you know he was born in Chicago?
Robert Duvall starred in The Apostle. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, he also wrote the Apostle with Matthew McConaughey.
If you like Indie films, you should check out Zoolander. It also stars Robert Duvall.
Christina Perri is a singer-songwriter and a musician. She sings a Thousands years.
yes she plays the guitar. do you like her?
Wayman : Film Executive Produced: Film Executive Produced: Film Executive Produced: LeBron
you are welcome have a good day.
I think he's a great singer and he's dating Cameron Diaz. Do you like him?
I'm not sure, but I do know that he had a relationship with Justin Timberlake who starred in Men in Black 3.
That's a good one. I'm not sure if it's pop music. Do you like pop music?
Yes, The Fellowship of the Ring was written by J.R.R. Tolkien.
I'm not sure, but he was in The Lord of the Rings movies.
Christopher Lee also starred in The Good Doctor and Troy.
The Battle of Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
The Battle of Labyrinth is part of a series. The next book in the series is The Titan's Curse.
If you like Greek Mythology, you should check out The Titan's Curse.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen it?
He also directed The Simpsons Movie. You might enjoy that one.
You might also enjoy The Handmaid's Tale. That's a great one.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Jennifer L. Armentrout wrote Wicked and Wicked. Would you like to know more about these books?
Yes Wicked was also a play written by James Dashner.
Yes, Jennifer L. Armentrout also wrote Wicked.
You're welcome.
Yes, Mhari Calvery wrote A Clockwork Orange, which is also a film.
Braveheart also stars Annabelle Wallis. Do you like her work?
It was released in 2005.
You're welcome.
He wrote The Bonesetter's Daughter. Have you read that one?
The Bone Clocks was written in English. It's also written in English.
The Bone Clocks was released in 2004. It's in the English language.
You're welcome
Sure. He directed The Manchurian Candidate which is a Thriller. Have you seen that one?
It's a great movie! It's a great movie. It's a great movie. It's a great movie. It's a thriller.
He's a great actor. He also directed The Boxtrolls. You should check that one out.
Ok, enjoy them.
Paul Werstine wrote The Merchant of Venice and The Merchant of Venice.
Yes, it was released in 1606.
Yes, Gnomeo & Juliet is written by James Dashner.
Yes, Elysium was written by Matt Damon and stars Naomi Watts.
It's a great movie. It's a great movie. Do you like Sci-Fi? If you like Sci-Fi, it's a thriller.
I have seen him in a lot of movies. He's a great actor. If you like science fiction movies, he's in a lot of action movies.
Have you seen Gravity or Inception? Both are good choices.
You're welcome.
I'm not sure. I know his last album was released in 2004.
I'm not sure. I do know that it was a radio tour.
I don't know of any artists like him, but I do know he has a simlar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar Definitely should check out some of his work, but if he
I'm more of a rock fan. My favorite band is the Red Hot Chili Peppers. I'm more of a rock fan.
Sure, David McDuff wrote рестуление и накаание.
Sorry I do not have that information
i dont have information about that
I know that Thiago Silva is a Brazilian jiu-jitsu champion.
I don't know much about him, but I know he is also from Guadalajara.
Yes, she's a great actress.
He wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes which is also a book.
Sure. Stephen Hawking wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes. He also wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
It has a great cast consisting of Natalie Portman and Jennifer Jason Leigh. Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I do! I like his song New Perspective. Have you heard it?
Under the Tuscan Sun was written by Frances Mayes. Would you like to know more about books by this author?
Under Magnolia: A Southern Memoir was released in 2009.
Under Magnolia was released in 2003.
Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier, The Pacifier, and The Pacifier.
The Pacifier is a crime fiction film. Do you like those genres?
Underdog is listed as a comedy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
City of God is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Escapist is a thriller starring Seu Jorge. It was released in 2004.
He also starred in The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou.
Jay Asher wrote The Future of Us. Have you read it?
I would recommend a book by Asher called First Things First: To Live, to Love, to Learn, to Leave a Legacy.
Have you read Wildwood Dancing? It is also a good one.
I'm not sure of the release date.
You're welcome.
City of Lost souls is written by Cassandra Clare.
The Mortal Instruments was released in 1905.
The Mortal Instruments Series was also released that year.
You are welcome.
Sure! The Historian has a genre Speculative fiction and thriller. It was released in 2015.
If you like suspense, you should check out The Historian. It's also a suspense novel.
If you like thrillers, you should check out Without Fail. It's also a suspense novel.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Story of Doctor Doolittle is a similar book.
Did you like it because it was a Thriller?
I'm not sure, but I know he's a great actor.
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romance?
You're welcome.
Do you like the movie because it's a crime fiction?
It is a crime fiction. Do you like those genres?
Yes, you are correct. He starred in The Darkness.
You are welcome.
Sure. Rupert Sanders directed Snow White and the Huntsman. Have you seen that one?
Yes she did, she also starred in The Huntsman. Have you seen it?
The Brothers Grimm also wrote A Man Called Paddington, have you heard of it?
You're welcome.
The Mark of Athena is written by Rick Riordan. It is a speculative fiction novel.
Did you know that it's part of a series? The next in the series is called The Titan's Curse.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I'm not a huge fan of The Weeknd, but I do like his music. Did you know that he's still in a relationship with Justin Bieber?
Did you know that Selena Gomez starred in The Muppets? She was also in Spring Breakers.
What Happens in Vegas is a great movie. Did you know he also starred in The Muppets, another great movie.
I'm not much of a fan of her music. Did you know she starred in The Muppets and The Muppets?
He's a great actor. He was also in The Pursuit of Happyness. Have you seen it?
Yes, Michael Ealy was in it as well. He was also in The Mask.
bull L. Brooks wrote You've Been Warned among others, have you seen it?
Have you seen A Good As It Get Get? It's a great movie.
I'm sorry, I don't have any recommendations for movies similar to What a Girl Want.
He's a director. He directed Maleficent. Have you seen that?
Great, Emma Watson also starred in The Interview with the Vampire Slayer.
It does fall under both genres, drama and comedy.
You are welcome enjoy!
Yes, John G. Avildsen wrote the Karate Kid and he also directed the Karate Kid.
The Karate Kid starring Sylvester Stallone is a good one. Another good martial arts film is The Golden Compass.
That one is a great movie. It stars Kyla Pratt and it was released in 2004.
I am not sure about that, but I do know that The Cosby starred Jim Carrey.
You're welcome
Do you like J.K. Rowling? She also stars in The Chronicles of Riddick.
They are in the fantasy genre
Do you like the movie because of the genre or the actors?
There are 3 parts in this series.
No,i don't know.
You are welcome
The Clan of the Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Three Musketeers.
Have you read The Clan of the Cave Bear? It was also written by Jean M Auel
The Shelters of Stone is a fantasy novel released in 1909. It's part of the series after The Clan of the Cave Bear.
If you like that one, you should check out The Clan of the Cave Bear. It's part of a series.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, he starred in a number of movies, including Unforgiven and The Narrows. Have you seen either of those?
Unforgivable Blackness also starred Derek Jacobi and it is a Romantic Comedy.
Yes, he did. He also starred in Wilde and Dazed and Confused.
Yes, he did. I'm adding that as well.
Gautam Gambhir is an athlete who plays cricket for Kolkata Knight Riders.
I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm more of a baseball fan.
I do like tennis. Do you know anything about Serena Williams?
I agree. Do you know of any other sports besides golf?
Isn't he a point guard for the Golden State Warriors?
Oh yes, that's a great movie. Did you know Jordan also starred in a movie called Space Jam?
I love his movies. Did you know that Ivan Reitman starred in The Wolverine?
I'm not a huge fan of the Denver Broncos. Aren't they having a good season this year?
The Sea of Monsters was written by Rick Riordan. Are you a fan of young adult fiction?
It's a fiction book.
The Lightning Lightning is also written by Rick Riordan
He has written a lot of great books. You might enjoy The Great Gatsby or The Great Gatsby. Have you read those?
This Side of Paradise was released in 2002. It's a great read!
He also wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. Have you read that one yet?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I do. Michael Crichton wrote a book called Disclosure that he also wrote the book Disclosure.
You may enjoy Larry Crowne. He also wrote a book that you might enjoy.
Robin Cook is an American writer, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, screenwriter, producer and producer producer.
You're welcome.
He also starred in The Incredibles. Have you seen that one?
Yes he does. Jason Lee also starred in The Incredibles. He was also in The Green Mile.
You're welcome.
Jeremy Tambling wrote a book called David Copperfield. Have you read it?
I believe it is a biography
Jeremy Tambling also wrote a book called Lord of the Flies
Sure, Ed Sheeran wrote Never Let Me Go which is a classic.
Yes, it's a song by Ed Sheeran. Do you like him?
I don't know a song by him, but he's a great singer.
It was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is a speculative fiction. Do you like speculative fiction?
Siddhartha was written by Hilda Rosner and Hermann Hesse. Would you like more books by Hesse or other books by Hesse?
The Thief of Always was written by Terry Pratchett.
He also wrote The Thief of Always. Have you read that one?
You're welcome.
Yes, it was written by J.R.R Tolkien. Do you like his work?
Then you might enjoy The Hobbit. It's also a fantasy.
He's a great actor. He was also in The Fault in Our Stars.
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes is part of a series. The next in the series is The Return of Sherlock Holmes.
Great! He also wrote The Secret Art of Sherlock Holmes and The Return of Sherlock Holmes.
The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes is part of a series.
The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes is a short story.
The Girl on the Train was written by Paula Hawkins. Do you like Paula Hawkins?
The Girl on the Train was written by Paula Hawkins.
I am not sure. But I can tell you The Girl on the Train was filmed in Mexico.
I love his music! He's a great singer. Did you know he was born in Los Angeles?
I do like her fathers music. Did you know she was born in Sao Paulo?
I love her! She's a great actress. She starred in What Happens in Vegas. Have you seen it?
I do! He's a great actor. He's been in some great movies. He's been in a lot of action movies. Do you like his movies?
Yes, Nora Dunn starred in it. Do you like dramas?
If you like comedy, you should check out The Fault in Our Stars. It's also a drama.
You're welcome
Yes, Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Leterrier and released in 2002. It's a young adult fiction novel.
Yes, it was also written by Christopher Bigsby.
Yes, it is. Do you like dramas?
I'm sorry I don't have any other recommendations.
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie!
He starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen that one?
Yes, she starred in it as well.
I'm not sure, but I know she starred in The Wrestler and in The Wrestler.
I'm not sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie.
He directed Legend of Tarzan and Legend of Tarzan. Have you seen those?
Sure! He has also starred in Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. That's a must see!
You're welcome!
Sure, Joseph Heller wrote Zookeeper. Have you read that one?
Then you might enjoy The Passage if you like that genre.
You're welcome.
Stefan Kapicic starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
It's a great movie. Stefan Kapicic also wrote and directed it. Do you like his work?
It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure. Do you like books written by J.K. Rowling?
I would recommend Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, it is also a fantasy novel
Sure, E. Lockhart wrote The Sworn Sword. Have you read that?
It is in English. It's also written in English.
You're welcome
Do you like Interstellar because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
If you like Interstellar, you might enjoy Zombieland. Have you seen that one?
If you like Sci-Fi movies, you might also enjoy X-Men: The Last Stand.
I'm not sure who stars in this movie, but it is a Crime Fiction Film.
If you like sci-fi, you might also enjoy X-Men: The Last Stand.
I do! He's a great singer and a singer. Do you know he's from Nashville?
I don't know, but I do know that he is from Nashville.
I don't know, but I do know that he's from Nashville.
Sure, Kurt Wimmer directed Time Bandits. Have you seen it?
Are you a Christian Bale fan? She also starred in The House of Mirth.
She's a great actress. Did you know she starred in The Matrix Revolutions?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sidney Lumet is a singer-songwriter and a musician. He has also starred in The Verdict and The Verdict
Sidney also wrote The Subtle Knife
Crime Fiction
Do you like The Selection because it is written by Kiera Cass or because it is a young adult fiction?
Have you read The Siren, The Prince, or The Sirens of Titan?
Great, hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome
Richard Linklater wrote Waking Life. Waking Life is starring Bruce Willis. Do you like his movies?
Yes, it is a romantic drama. Do you like romance?
You are welcome.
Rich Moore wrote Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
It was written by John Green and released in 2012.
John Green also wrote Paper Towns.
Another book by John Green is Looking for Alaska.
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
Good Will Hunting was directed by Matt Damon. Do you like his work?
Not that I know of, but he directed Good Will Hunting. Have you seen it?
Yes! That's a great movie. Did you know he also starred in The Matrix Revolutions, another great movie.
I'm sure there was a lot of action in it, but I'm sure it was a great movie!
David Sedaris wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames and This Is Spinal Tap. Have you read either of those?
He is also a director. He directed When You Are Engulfed in Flames and SantaLand Diaries. Have you seen either of those?
Oh yes, Dorothy Parker was a great writer. Did you know he was born in Los Angeles?
It was written by E. Lockhart and released in 2014.
Sure. E. Lockhart wrote The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks, and The Secret History of Frankie Landau-Banks
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that it was released in 2015.
You're welcome.
Charles Frazier is an American filmmaker, film producer, director and director. He directed Thir13en Ghosts. Have you seen it?
Thirteen Moons has genre Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Thirteen Moons was written by Charles Frazier.
You are welcome.
I do like their K-Pop style of music! Have you heard of them?
Oh, I love their music. They're a little more rock. They're a little more rock than rock. Do you like rock music?
He's a great actor. He starred in Island of the Blue Dolphins. Have you seen it?
He wrote Island of the Blue Dolphins which was released in 2000.
Yes. Éric-Emmanuel Schmitt wrote a number of books in the Speculative Fiction genre.
He's a table tennis player from China. Are you a fan?
Yes, he participated in the 2012 Olympics. He was also in the Olympics.
You're welcome.
Het Achterhuis: Dagboekbrieven 14 juni 1942 - 1 augustus 1944
It is in English.
I don't know of any books by Eleanor Roosevelt, but i know he was influenced by William Shakespeare.
You are welcome.
That was a great movie. Did you like it because it was a Romance Film?
Goodfellas is a crime fiction. Do you like those types of movies?
Do you like Robert DeNiro because it is an adventure movie?
What Just Happened is a great movie. Robert DeNiro starred in it.
Yes it is written by Art Linson
You are welcome.
Do you like 12 Angry Men because it is a Romantic Comedy?
I am not sure who stars in What Lies Beneath but it is a drama.
What Lies Beneath was released in 2004.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I know they're coached by Doc Rivers and owned by Doc Rivers.
I do. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I do, I'm a Lakers fan. I'm a Lakers fan. Do you?
Oh wow, that's awesome. What a great sport to follow!
Ed Stoppard starred in the Pianist. Have you seen it?
Yes that's correct. Are you a fan of his?
Do you know if he has directed anything else?
Yes, Natalie Babbitt wrote Tuck Everlasting, which is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Tuck Everlasting is a young adult fiction book. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, Voyager is a romance novel. It is also considered children's literature.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Do you like The Perks of Being a Wallflower because it's a comedy?
Roland Emmerich also produced Independence Day. Have you seen that one?
Yes, that's correct. Did you know that Tom McCarthy starred in Valentine's Day?
You're welcome.
I know a little about Basher Savage, he starred in Gravity
Gravity was released in 2008. It's a thriller. Do you like that genre?
Gravity was released in 2013. I don't have that information.
Gravity starring Alfonso Cuarón is a good one. Another good one was Gravity II.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I'm not much of a baseball fan. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. How about you?
That's cool. Did you know they were coached by Jim Caldwell?
They're pretty good. They've won a lot of Superbowls, though.
The Prestige is written by Jonathan Nolan and is a Thriller.
Yes, it's a great movie. Christopher Nolan also wrote The Dark Knight and The Dark Knight
Rebecca Hall starred in The Prestige and The Dark Knight
You are welcome
Catch 22 is a war novel written by Joseph Heller.
It is a satire and was released in 2002.
Catch 22 was written by Joseph Heller. It is a satire.
You are welcome.
I do. He wrote Tempted which is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
I'm not sure. I do know it was released in 2008.
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
Yes, it's a good book. Did you know A Tale of Two Cities was written by Richard Maxwell?
That is correct. Do you like that book because it is a historical novel?
Yes, Zadie Smith wrote that one as well.
You are welcome.
John Lasseter directed The Truman Show. Have you seen that one yet?
Cars 2 was released in 2004. Did you know John Lasseter also wrote Cars 2?
Peter Jacobson also starred in the movie The Road to El Dorado.
You're welcome.
I think he's a great boxer. Did you know he's married to Hayden Panettiere?
She's married to Hayden Panettiere. She starred in Ocean's 8, which is a romance film.
Yes, I think you will enjoy it.
The Denver Broncos are owned by Jim Caldwell. Are you a fan?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you have a favorite team?
I didn't know that. Isn't Alex Smith's leg spin?
Did you like it because it was written by Terry Pratchett or because it was a Fantasy?
Yes Wyrd Sisters is also written by Terry Pratchett
You might enjoy Zoe's Tale, Zoe's Tale, Zoe's Tale, Wolf Brother
He's on the Golden State Warriors. Do you like basketball?
I'm not sure. I know he is on the Golden State Warriors.
I'm not sure, but I know that Kevin Durant is from Chicago
No problem
Anthony Heald starred in The Silence of the Lambs. Have you seen it?
Ted Tally wrote The Silence of the Lambs as well as Ted Tally Chilton.
If you liked The Juror, you should check out The Silence of the Lambs. It's a great film.
You're welcome.
I'm not much of a fan of the sci-fi genre. Do you like sci-fi?
Shia Lebouf also starred in The Sun Also starring Kevin Dunn.
Yes, Shia Lebouf also starred in The Road to El Dorado. Have you seen that one?
I do not know much about him other than he's a point guard. Do you like him?
Not really. I'm more of a fan of the Lakers. How about you?
I'm not sure. I do know that Jordan played in the 90s.
Hush Hush is written by Rhett Reeves who also wrote The Handmaid's Tale.
Yes, it is a series
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome.
You too!
I don't know much about him other than he plays Golf. Do you like Golf?
I am not a big golf fan but I do know he won the 2007 PGA Championship.
No I haven't seen it but I know Adam Sandler was in a movie called Happy Gilmore.
I'm not a huge fan of the team, but I do know they won the Super Bowl XLIII.
Do you know who is the coach for the team?
I'm not sure, but I do know that they're in the AFC West division with the Pats.
Yes, he wrote Rayuela
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Rayuela was released in Spanish and released in 2000.
You're welcome.
Anne Marie is a singer. She is also a singer and a singer.
No, I didn't know she was in a science fiction movie called The Giver. Did you see it?
The Giver was a good book. Did you know it was based on a book called The Giver?
Yes, Looking for Alaska is written by John Green and is a young adult fiction book.
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
The Fault in Our Stars is also written by John Green.
You are welcome
He directed Breakfast at Tiffany's. Have you seen that movie?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that In Cold Blood is a Crime Fiction Film.
I have not seen it but I know it was written by Truman Capote. You should give it a try.
Yes, he starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Mandy Moore was in it. Do you like her movies?
If you like Animation movies, you should check out Zoolander. It's a great family movie.
Yes, it's a great movie. You should definitely check it out.
Tom Hanks also stars in Larry Crowne as well.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, it's a great book. Did you know it was written by Philip Pullman?
The Goonies starring Robin Williams is a good one. Have you seen it?
The movie was released in 1999 and stars Robin Williams.
A Beautiful Mind is a slasher movie written by Francis Ford Coppola.
You're welcome.
You should check out Zombieland. It's a good one.
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie.
The Godfather Part III stars Marlon Brando. Are you a fan of her work?
The Scent of a Woman is directed by Kiera Cassavetes.
No, Joe Mantegna is actually the director. He's a great actor.
He's been in a number of films, including The Godfather Part II and The Men Who stare at Goats.
Witless Protection is a psychological thriller.
If you like crime fiction, you should check out The Godfather Part II. It's also a good movie.
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo stars Al Pacino. It's a great movie.
You're welcome.
Anne Marie is a singer. She's also a singer.
Anne-Marie is a singer. She is also a singer and a singer. Do you like singers?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you she has a few albums like Teenage Dream and Barbie Dreams
I'm not really familiar with Linkin Park. What's your favorite song of his?
I'm more of a Linkin Park fan. My favorite Linkin Park song is Don't Know Why. What is your favorite song?
I'm not familiar with their music but I can tell you that Linkin Park has a lot of alternative alternative alternative rock.
Sure. Craig T. Nelson starred in movies like Winnie the Pooh and The Mist. Have you seen them?
He also starred in The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
He also starred in The Incredibles.
Yes, he was. He also starred in The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou.
I'm not sure. But I can tell you that Diane Keaton starred in The Family Stone. Would you like to know more about her?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sylvia Plath wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath. She also wrote Ariel.
Yes, Sylvia Plath wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath and The Journals of Sylvia Plath.
I'm not sure about that, but The Journals of Sylvia Plath was released in 1985.
I'm not sure, but I do know he starred in The Wiz. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help with?
It's a good one. It's about the whale. It's about the story of a father dealing with the accusation that he's a murderer.
Sure, Tim Miller directed Deadpool. Have you seen it?
Deadpool has genre Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I'm not sure who directed Zoolander, but Ryan Reyn directed it.
You're welcome.
Benjamin Martinez wrote Il Principe.
It's a non-fiction book. Would you like to read it?
Have you read Il Principe? It was released in 1513. It's a classic!
It was written by Niccolo Machiavelli, and released in 1513.
He's a writer. He wrote The Last Samurai. Have you heard of it?
I'm not sure. But it was released in 2012.
It's written in English.
Alice Walker wrote The Temple of My Familiar. Have you read it?
The Color Purple is a Speculative fiction novel, do you want to know more about this novel?
I'm not sure, but it was released in 1922.
Memento is written by Christoper Nolan and has a genre Psychological thriller.
The neo neo neo neo neo neo neo neo neo neo neo neo neo neo neo sus suspense starring Xander Berkeley
You are welcome
Karim Benzema plays soccer for France national football team. Do you like soccer?
That's interesting. Did you know he was born in Madrid?
I liked them better when they won the 2009 PGA Championship.
Did you like The Scarlet Letter because it was a Romance novel?
He wrote The World According to Garp and The Cider House Rules. Have you read either of those?
The World According to Garp is similar to The Cider House.
I'm not sure. But I know it was released in 1985.
You're welcome.
He's a great actor. He starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen those?
Princess Mononoke is a great movie. Did you know she also starred in The Matrix Revolutions?
It's a good one. It also stars Seth Rogen and it is a Sci-Fi.
I sure will. Enjoy!
Do you like thrillers? If so Ocean's Thirteen is a similar movie.
The Fight Club was released in 2004. It's a Thriller.
I can recommend a comedy movie, The Fight Club is starring Kyla Pratt
Brad Pitt starred in The Manchurian Candidate, which is also a comedy.
You're welcome.
The Theory of Everything was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr. and is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
If you like romance, you might enjoy Wilde or Beautiful Creatures. Have you seen either of these?
It is! It is also a Romantic Film. You might like The Return of the King if you like romance films.
I know that he's an athlete on the Mumbai Indians, right?
Do you know a lot about Cricket or are you a fan?
Yes he was born in India. Do you know who is he?
I'm not a big fan of Lakers, but I do know that they're coached by Mike Pettine.
I think he is a good coach. Do you know of any other sports he plays for?
Yes, Holes is written by Louis Sachar.
He also wrote Les Fleurs du mal. That was also made into a movie.
That's a good one. I think you will enjoy it.
I know that he plays basketball for the Golden State Warriors. Do you like basketball?
I'm not sure, but I know he won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award.
They are in the NBA as well as the Golden State Warriors. Do you like them?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Ethan Suplee wrote Vulgar, Vulgar, Vulgar
Sure, Vulgar is a drama film released in 1999. Kevin Smith directed and produced it. Kevin Smith directed and produced it.
I'm always happy to help. I hope you enjoy it.
Kevin Smith is a Writer, Screenwriter, Screenwriter, Screenwriter, Screenwriter, Screenwriter, Screenwriter, Screenwriter, Screenwriter, Producer, Producer, Producer, Producer, Producer, Producer, Producer, Producer, Producer, Producer, Producer, Producer, Producer, Producer, Producer, Producer, Producer, Producer, Producer, Producer, Producer, Producer, Producer, Producer, Producer, Producer, Producer, Producer, Producer, Producer, Producer, Producer, Producer, Producer, and Producer. Have a great career!
Glad I could help. Enjoy the movie.
I don't know much about it, I know it's a German sports club coached by Louis van Gaal.
I'm not much of a soccer fan, but I do like American Football. What is your favorite sport?
Yes, it was written by Terry Goodkind. It was released in 1994. Have you read it?
Then you might enjoy Wizard's First Rule. It's part of a series.
It is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes. Ninety Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell. Do you like her work?
It is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
I'm not sure if he has written any fiction novels, but he also wrote Nineteen Eighty-Four.
It is a fiction novel.
You are welcome.
It is a fiction novel.
You are welcome
You are welcome
I know he plays quarterback for the Carolina Panthers. Do you like football?
Wes Welker is a great quarterback. Did you know their team won the NBA All Rookie Award?
I like Stephen Gostkowski. Do you know he's with the Patriots?
I don't know much about him other than he fought Oscar De La Hoya. Are you a fan?
That's good to know. Did you know he won Fighter of the Year?
Yes, he's also a boxer.
The Time Machine was written by H.G Wells who also wrote The War of the Worlds. Have you read that one?
The Time Machine was written by Philip Kaufman and is a Speculative fiction.
The genre is Speculative Fiction.
Twilight is written by Meg Cabot. Do you like it because it is a Romantic Comedy?
Then you might enjoy The Incredibles. It was written by Stephenie Meyer.
Of course! Youth in Revolt stars Steve Buscemi and Steve Buscemi. It's a great movie.
Great. I'm glad I could help.
Sure! He starred in The Making of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi.
The Amazing Spider-Man was released in 1999 and also stars Emma Stone and Emma Stone.
I'm not sure. I do know Emma Stone won the Academy Award for Best Picture Picture.
Sure, how to Win Friends and Influence People is written by Dale carnegie. Would you like to read it?
How to Win Friends and Influence People is a good one. Have you read it?
He also wrote How to Win Friends and Influence People.
You're welcome.
Yes, it was written by Quentin Tarantio and has genre Thriller.
Jack Reacher is written by Tom Cruise and stars Tom Cruise. Do you like him?
If you like Tom Cruise, you should check out Shark Night. It stars Kyla Pratt.
Shark Night also stars Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee.
I like him. He's a great rapper. Do you like him?
Yes, I like him. I like his music. Do you like him?
He is a great pianist. Do you want me to play any of his songs?
Ratatouille is a great movie. Did you like the movie because it was written by Christopher Nolan?
Do you like the author because it's a Romantic Comedy?
You're welcome.
Se7en was written by Jack Kerouac and it stars Se7en. Do you like his movies?
You might like Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt. It's a Crime Thriller.
It's a great movie. It stars Seymour Hoffman and Morgan Freeman.
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
It was written by Paula McLain and released in 2011. She also wrote Circling the Sun. Have you read it?
I have not read it, but I know Paula McLain wrote The Paris Wife.
It was released in 2015. I'm sure you will enjoy it!
I'm not sure, but it was written in English.
Yes, she's a great singer. Did you know she won the Grammy for Best Pop Video Video of the Year?
I like Stronger too. Do you know if she has any good songs?
I'm not sure, but I know she has a few celebrity fans. I know she is also a musician.
Yes, I do. I'm a huge fan of the television series.
Yes, it was written by Cassandra Clare. Are you a fan of her work?
City of Fallen Angels was written by Cassandra Clare. It's also a fantasy novel.
The Mortal Instruments: City of Fallen Angels, City of Fallen Angels, and City of Fallen Angels. Have you read any of these?
No problem, enjoy!
Terry George directed The Assassination of Jesse. Have you seen it?
Hotel Rwanda is a Thriller.
The Other Boleyn Girl starred Scarlett Johansson.
The Other Boleyn Girl is a psychological thriller.
The Other Boleyn Girl is a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
The Other Boleyn Girl stars Jennifer Jason Leigh.
Sure. Franz Kafka wrote The Castle as well as Amerika
The Castle was released in 2004. It's a young adult fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
The Castle was written in English and is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
He directed The Goonies. Have you seen that one?
I am not sure. I do know that Tom Hanks also starred in Catch Me If You Can. Have you seen it?
Paula Hawkins wrote The Red Pony which is a Historical Novel. Do you like Historical Fiction?
I am not sure but I know Paula Hawkins wrote it as well.
You're welcome
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren, The Queen, and The Siren. Have you read any of these?
The Siren is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
The Siren, The Siren, and The Queen are all great reads by her.
The Modern Prometheus is written by Percy Byrne.
It is a speculative fiction. Do you like speculative fiction?
He's done some great comedies. He also starred in the movie The Percy Bysshe Shelley.
I loved her in Valentine's Day. What other movies do you like?
Yes, Paper Towns was written by John Green and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I have heard of The Fault in Our Stars. Would you like to know of any other books by John Green?
I don't know much about him other than he plays basketball. Are you a fan?
Yes he was, do you know who he is?
Yes they become professional basketball players. Are you a fan of their sport?
The Scorch Trials was written by James Dashner and stars Christian Bale. Do you like his work?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you like X-Men because it's a Thriller or because it's a Thriller?
It stars Seth Rogen and Jennifer Jason Leigh. Have you seen it?
I don't have much information on Volcano, but some other Sci-Fi movies you might enjoy are Zombieland, X-Men, and X-Men: First Class.
I have not seen it but I know it was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr. and it is a Romantic Comedy.
Yes, Missy Eliot was in it as well as a film directed by Roland Emmerich.
Missy Eliot starred in the film as a voice actor in the film.
You are welcome
I know he plays soccer for the Real Madrid C.F. and the Portugal national football team.
Not really. I am more of a American Football fan. How about you?
I'm more of a American Football fan. What about you?
I'm not a big american football fan. I prefer American Football. How about you?
My favorite team is the Redskins. What is your favorite team?
I hope they do. They're good.
Alan Rickman starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wildest Dream. Have you seen them?
Do you like the movie because it's a Romantic Comedy?
If you like crime/thrillers, you might also enjoy The Doors. Have you seen that one?
Yes. Rodney Dangerfield also starred in Welcome to the Monkey House which is a thriller.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He wrote Little Miss Sunshine. Have you read it?
Yes, Steve Carell Breslin is great. Did you know he also starred in Deep Blue Sea?
The Incredible Burt Wonderstone was released in 2004. It's a great movie.
You're welcome.
He's a composer and singer. He's from Miami. Do you like his music?
I like pop music. Do you know if he's on a album?
Yes, she won a few years ago.
What Alice Forgot was written by Liane Moriarty and released in 2009. Are you interested in more of her books?
I'm not sure. But it was released in 2009. It's a classic.
Did you like Ender's Game because it was a speculative fiction or because it was speculative fiction?
Speakers of the Dead and Speakers of the Dead are also Speculative fiction
Waylander is written by Virginia Woolf. Virginia Woolf wrote Waylander.
you are welcome
Sure! Do you like Aladdin because it's a family movie?
The Princess and the Frog is directed by James Cameron
You are most welcome
She's a great actress. She starred in The Muppets and The Muppets.
Did you know Lady Gaga was influenced by HG Wells and was released in 1985?
Yes, she was in the muppets too. Have you seen it?
I love Coldplay! Did you know that band is part of a series?
I don't know who is similar to this song. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes they did. Amsterdam was a great place. Have you been there?
Sure. He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton. Have you seen it?
He also starred in the movie The Road to El Dorado. It is a romantic comedy.
Yes she is.
You are welcome.
Kahil Gilbran wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read either of those?
yes it is. what else can i answer for you today?
The Prophet was released in 2004. what else can i answer for you today?
you are welcome
Yes, he's a singer, songwriter and a musician. He was born in Chicago.
Sure, he starred in Men in Black 3 and a lot of movies. Have you seen any of them?
I'm not sure, but it's pop genre. Do you like pop music?
I do! He's a great writer. Did you know that he wrote The Great Gatsby?
The book is about the topic of love and life of young adult
It came out in 2004
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you like Wolverine because it stars Hugh Jackman or because it is a Thriller?
Rise of the Guardians is a drama. Do you like drama?
He also starred in The Wolverine.
You're welcome
Do you like the movie Red because it's a Thriller?
Mike Starr starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen them?
Sure, do you like his movies? If so, he's in The Last Dragon.
The Last Dragon was written by Vince Flynn.
Sure, Shooter is written by J.J. Abrams and stars Scarlett Johansson.
I do not have that information but it is written by Stephen Hunter and Jonathan Lemkin
Yes, he did. The O.C. series is written by Peter Hyams.
I hope you enjoy it!
Did you like the movie because it was written by Francis Ford Coppola or because it was a crime fiction?
Then you might also enjoy The Godfather Part II. It's a crime movie.
I am not sure who stars in it, but it is also classified as a thriller.
Sure. Maleficent is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I would recommend The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. It's a romantic comedy. Have you seen it?
Yes, Mr. Smith was in Mr. Smith's Memoir.
I did not see that movie. I'll have to check it out.
I agree. He's been in a lot of action movies. He was in a lot of action movies. I think you might enjoy that one.
He plays for the Belgium national football team.
I'm not sure, but I know he plays the forward.
Toni Kroos plays for the Germany national football team.
Isn't he a player on the Portugal national football team?
I'm not sure. I do know that he plays for the Portugal national team.
No, I don't know. Is he a Midfielder?
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Yes, John Travolta starred in Edge of Tomorrow. He also starred in Monsters vs. Aliens.
If you like Edge of Tomorrow, you should check out The Last Stand, it's also written by John Travolta.
Yes, Bill Murray also stars in The Last Samurai. Do you like him?
I hope you enjoy it.
That's a great movie. Did you know that it's a Romance film?
I'm not sure about it, but I know Zooey Deschanel starred in it. Do you like him?
Then you might enjoy Your Highness. It's a crime fiction movie.
I haven't seen Pacifier. Is it a comedy?
Margaret Stohl wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Redemption. Have you read either of these books?
Some of her books include Where Rainbows End and Welcome to Temptation. Are those of interest?
I'm not sure. I don't know of any movies. Is that a book or book?
I'm not a huge baseball fan, but I do know they won the World Series in 2012.
He's from New York and was born in Rochester.
I do not know who directed the movie. Is it a Thriller?
I'm not sure who produced that movie, but I know it was written by Mike Pavone
I don't know what else he produced, but he did write thrillers.
I am not sure but I do know that it is a crime fiction film.
It is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Thank you for all the information.
Good Will Hunting starred Matt Damon and was written by Matt Damon. Do you like drama movies?
It is a romantic comedy, do you like romantic comedies?
No, I haven't heard of Push, Nevada.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I'm not much of a football fan, but I do know that they are owned by Bill Neukom.
Yes, Joe Montana was so good at it. Do you know who he plays for?
Yes, I like the Steelers.
The Throne Birds was written by Colleen McCullough and also starred by Colleen McCullough.
The Women of Brewster Place is written by William Shakespeare.
The Women of Brewster Place is a great book.
She starred in The Expendables 2 and The Expendables.
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
Dark Lover was written by J.R. Ward and it is a vampire novel. Do you like vampire books?
Yes, that was a great year for fiction. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The Mist was written by Philip Pullman who also wrote The Mist. You might enjoy that one too.
Then you might enjoy Zoe's Tale and Xenocide. Both of those are sci-fi movies.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Shelley Duvall starred in Lord of the Flies. Have you seen it?
It's a great movie. It was directed by Quentin Tarantino. It's a great horror film.
If you like thrillers, you should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Oliver Hirschbiegel wrote The Invasion and Downfall.
The Invasion starred Robert Downey Jr. and Kate Beckensale.
She also starred in The Invasion. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I know he's a point guard for the Miami Heat. Do you like him?
Cadillac Records has been in a number of movies. Would you like to know more about Dwyane Wade's movies?
Lady Gaga has a great voice. Did you know she starred in The Muppets a musical comedy film?
No, I haven't seen it, but I know Bradley Cooper was in The Muppets too.
Will Smith also stars in The Muppets. It's a great movie.
Martin Gardner starred in The Portable Atheist: Essential Reading for the Non'Believer. Have you seen it?
It's a Non-Fiction. It's part of a series of books written by Martin Gardner.
He also wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-Believer.
You're welcome.
The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers was written by J.R.R. Tolkien. Do you like his work?
He also starred in Troy. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure, but he was in Troy, have you seen it?
You're welcome
I like her. She's a poet who wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath. Do you like her work?
I don't know much about him other than he plays golf. Do you like golf?
I love Caddyshack. Did you know Adam Sandler starred in it?
That's a great movie. Did you know Harold Ramis wrote and directed it?
He directed The Butterfly Effect. Have you seen it?
The Butterfly Effect is a Thriller.
You're welcome.
Sure! Did you enjoy Now You See Me because it's a thriller?
The Pelican Brief was released in 1999 and is a romance film. Do you like romance films?
The Pelican Brief is a crime/action film directed by Peter Mensah. It is also a film.
Do you like Juno because it's a Romantic Comedy?
I would recommend The Fault in Our Stars, it is also a young adult film.
The Perks of Being a Wallflower is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Bradley Cooper stars in the movie The Perks of Being a Wallflower
Bradley Cooper has been in some great movies such as The Road to El Dorado, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Manchurian Candidate.
Bradley Cooper has been in some great movies such as The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate
The Light Between Oceans is written by M.L. Stedman.
It was released in 2012. The genre is Speculative Fiction.
Then you should check out The Path Between Oceans. It is also a thriller.
Great, have a good day.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen who also wrote Pride and Prejudice.
Paulo Coelho wrote Lullaby.
He also wrote Throne of Glass and The Silence of the Lambs.
I haven't seen it but I know it was written by Patrick Rothfuss. Do you like his work?
It's a great movie. Did you know that Tate Donovan also starred in The Proposal?
I'm sure he was in quite a few shows, including The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen either of those?
He also starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Giver
Do you like the genre of Rocky because it's a Thriller?
You might like The X-Men movies, or World War Z. Have you seen them?
Undisputed is a martial arts film.
You're welcome.
Water for Elephants has genre Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
If you like historical period dramas, you should check out Zoolander. It's a satire.
The Age of Innocence was written by Rebecca Stead. I'm not sure.
You're welcome.
Blake Griffin was great in the NBA Finals. Did you know he's from Miami?
I am not much of a basketball fan. What is your favorite Blake Griffin player?
Yes, they are. Do you know who is their quarterback?
Oh really? I didn't know that. What is your favorite sport to watch?
Sure! The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time is written by Mark Haddon and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like his work?
The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time is written by Mark Haddon. He also wrote The Giver. Have you read it?
The Godfather was written by Francis Ford Coppola, who also wrote The Sorcerer's Apprentice.
I'm not sure, but it was written by Francis Ford Coppola and stars Tom Hanks.
The Godfather Part II is written by Francis Ford Coppola, who also wrote Apocalypse Now.
I would recommend Apocalypse Now, it is a great movie.
I love her! She's a great singer and actress. Did you know she starred in The Princess Diaries?
Prisoner of Shark Island has a genre of Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Great. I will add it to your list.
Private Benjamin is a Parody.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, Meg Cabot wrote The Road to Little Dribbling. Have you read it?
Underworld is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction books?
I don't know of any other drama books by her.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Do you like Insomnia because it's a psychological thriller?
The movie was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and stars Emma Watson. Would you like to know more about the movie?
I'm not sure of the release date. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie.
Craig Ferguson starred in Winnie the Pooh. Have you seen that movie?
Sure, Craig Ferguson also starred in The Ugly Truth. Have you seen that one?
Saving Grace was released in 2007. Would you like to know more about it?
I know Simona Halep plays tennis. Do you like tennis?
I don't know much about tennis but I know Simona Halep plays tennis. Do you know her?
Yes Victoria is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I'm not much of a football fan, but I do know that they are owned by Bill Neukom.
Oh yeah, he is a great coach. Do you know who he is?
It's a book with a theme park, but I don't think it's a title
127 hours is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
If you like James Franco, you should check out Zookeeper. It's a great Thriller.
If you like James Franco, you should check out Zoolander. It's also in the rom-com.
The Wrestler was written by Vince Vaughn and stars Tom Hardy. Would you like to know more about it?
It's a Thriller
You're welcome
Isn't he a cricket player?
Yes, it's a soccer team. Do you know of any soccer players?
Some of the best cricket players are Rafael Nadal and Rafael Nadal.
The Chronicles of Narnia is written by C.S. Lewis and it's a young-adult fiction novel.
He wrote The Chronicles of Narnia. Have you read that one?
I'm not sure, but I do know that The Chronicles of Narnia was released in 1951.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure. J.M. Barrie wrote Peter pan and Peter Pan.
There is a whole series of books written by Peter Pan, including The Lord of the Rings series
The Story of Doctor Dolittle has genre Speculative fiction. You might enjoy that one.
I'm sorry I don't have that information.
Sure. The Sea Wolf is written by Lois Lowry and is a fiction novel.
The Story of the Sea Wolf was written by Frank Beddor.
Richard Pevear wrote ес арат арама арама арама арама арама арама арама арама арама арама арама арама арама арама арама арама арат  арат
I'm not sure, but I do know Eecbl was written by Richard Pevear.
I'm not sure but I do know Eecbl was influenced by Richard Pevear.
Yes, The Cabin in the Woods was written by Ron Clements and released in 2006.
Kristen Connolly wrote and directed it. Do you like her movies?
I have not seen it but I know Ty Olsson starred in it as well.
Great, I will add it to your list. Enjoy!
Do you like the movie because it's a Thriller?
If you like Batman v Superhero movies, you should check out The Incredible Hulk or The Avengers.
Sure, he directed The Lost World: Jurassic Park, Superman Returns, and Superman Returns
Ok. Would you like to know more about other Sci-Fi movies?
Yes that's the year it was released.
The Blind Side is written by Philip Kaufman. He also wrote The Last Stand.
If you like Biographies, you might enjoy The Big Lebowski. It is also a Biographical Film.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Venus Williams is an American professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 40 in the WTA singles rankings.
I do not follow tennis but I do know that Venus Williams starred in the movie The WTA singles
I'm not sure, but I do know Serena has a doubles partner.
I haven't seen it but I do know it stars Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
Woman in Gold has a great cast. Would you like to know more about The Proposal?
She's a great actress. She was also in The Other Boleyn Girl. I think you'll enjoy it.
I know that Hugh Jackman starred in Pride and Prejudice, have you seen it?
It was directed by Richelle Mead. Do you like her work?
Nick Newell starred in it. If you like his movies, he also starred in The Prisoner.
I'm not sure. But it was released in 2008.
I have not seen Superman Returns but I know it was written by Michael Dougherty. Do you like him?
It's a drama. Do you like that genre?
You've Got Mail is a great movie. You should check it out if you like superhero movies.
Yes, Tom Hank is in that movie too. I think he's a great actor.
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome.
The Deception Point was written by Dan Brown. The genre is Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The genre Techno-thriller has genre Techno-thriller. what else can i answer for you?
Great. what else can i do for you?
Do you like Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog?
It is a Romantic Comedy, you might enjoy it if you like romance.
The movie is starring Tim Robbins and was released in 2004.
I'm sorry I do not have that information.
Yes. It was also written by Daniel Handler.
You're welcome.
Great. Have a good day.
I haven't read Outlander, but I know it was written by James Dashner. Do you like his work?
She wrote Outlander. It's a science fiction novel. Do you like science fiction?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Diana Gabaldon wrote My Own Heart's Blood
Drums of Autumn is the second book in the series.
I think he's a great player. Did you know he's from Rio de Janeiro?
I'm not a huge fan of football, but I do know he's from Rio de Janeiro.
I'm not sure, but I know Hayden Panettiere starred in The Fédération.
Roland Emmerich directed The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Have you seen them?
Independence Day has a genre of War and Action. Do you like these genres?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Adam Baldwin also starred in a movie called Independence Day.
Wyatt Earp was directed by Frank Darabont.
Madonna is a great singer and actress. Did you know she starred in The Incredibles?
I'm a huge fan of Madonna. She's a great singer and actress. What is your favorite?
I'm a huge fan of his. My favorite Michael Jackson song is Titanic. What is your favorite?
I'm not much of a fan of the New York Jets, but I do know they're owned by Tom Benson.
They're owned by Jim Caldwell. Are they part of the NFC East?
I'm not much of a football fan, but I do know that the Jets are part of the NFC East.
Guy Ritchie wrote Snatch, Snatch, and Snatch.
It stars Sean Penn and it's a great movie.
Sorry, I don't have that information.
Sure. Enjoy the movie.
I have heard of BTS. I know they starred in Snoop Dog. Do you like their music?
I have listened to them a lot. They are very popular in the K-Pop genre. Do you like their music?
It's a great song. It's about a guy with a blossoming political career.
Stefan Kapicic has starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but I know that Ryan Reynolds starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
Eminem is a rapper, he starred in 8 mile. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, they are friends with Dre Dre. Dre. Dre. Dre and Snoop Dogg. They are both rappers.
I'm not sure, but I do know that Dj Khaled is also a film producer.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Shelley Duvall starred in Windtalkers, have you seen that movie?
Time Bandits was released in 2002 and was written by Dave Nicholson.
It's a romantic comedy released in 2002. Do you like that genre?
She also starred in Avatar. Have you seen that one?
Donna Tartt wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read them?
It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
She also wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read them?
It's a murder. Do you like fiction?
Sure, Michael Bay starred in a lot of action movies. He also starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader.
I don't know much about it, but I do know that it's a war film. It's more of a war movie.
It's a drama. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome.
Yes, he plays Cricket for the Mumbai Indians.
Not really. Is he a cricket player?
Yes. I am a huge fan of American football.
I'm not sure. But I know Rohit Sharma is from the United States.
She starred in Wild Cards and The Wild Life. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, she was in that movie along with Lea Thompson. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry I don't have any information on that movie. Is there anything else I can help with?
I'm sure you will love it. Enjoy!
Audrey Niffenegger wrote The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you read it?
It's a romance novel.
Stanlee also wrote Thor.
Yes, she starred in both The Revenge and Insomnia. Have you seen either of those?
Memento was written by David Jorja Fox and it is a Thriller.
He wrote The Dark Knight, which is also a Thriller.
Batman Begins added to your watch list.
I'm not much of a football fan, but I do know that the team is owned by Jim Caldwell.
My favorite team is the Redskins. Do you have a favorite team?
They were the runner-ups in Super Bowl XLIII. I think they will make it to the playoffs.
I'm not sure. I just know they're coached by Jim Caldwell.
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that one yet?
You should check out Zooey Deschanel if you like that genre.
I'm not sure, but Victor Hugo also wrote a book called Welcome to the Monkey House that falls under the Romantic genre as well.
Do you like Deadpool because it's a superhero movie?
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy is written by Douglas Adams.
Deadpool was released in 2004. It's a superhero film.
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie!
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie.
Isn't he a midfielder?
I'm more of a Manchester United fan.
That's great. I'm sure it won the Premier League title.
Yes she is. Did you know she starred in Princess Protection Program and The Secret Life of Bees?
I don't remember him in that movie, but I remember him in Men in Black 3.
No, I haven't seen it, but I'm sure you will enjoy it.
Step Brothers was written by John Green and stars Tom Hanks. It's a Thriller.
John C. Reilly is hilarious. Did you know he was born in Los Angeles?
I'm not sure of the release date, but John C. Reilly produced it.
The Tragedy of Macbeth was written by William Shakespeare and released in 1606.
The Tragedy of Macbeth was written by William Shakespeare.
The Tragedy of King Richard the Third is genre fiction.
Yes, he is. He was born in Rome.
Sure, Tom Hooper directed The King and the King's Speech. Have you seen those?
The Kings Speech was rated R because it was a drama. Do you like dramas?
The King's Speech was released in 2004. Would you like to know about the movie?
The Denver Broncos are owned by Jim Caldwell. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure if he played defensive back, but he was a defensive back too.
That's right. He also coached the Denver Broncos.
Yes, it stars Nicolas Cage and Nicolas Cage. Have you seen it?
I love Rihanna. She's a great singer. Did you know she was born in Los Angeles?
I'm not sure. But I know Taylor Kitsch also starred in The Pursuit of Happiness. Have you seen that movie?
I think you will enjoy it. It's a great movie.
I know AB de Villiers is a singer-songwriter. Do you like his music?
AB de Villiers is a singer. He is also a model and a musician.
I do like R&B. I think you will enjoy it.
It's a great movie. Did you know that Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas was released in 2002?
Yes, he was in it as well. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, I have seen Mortdedecai. She was in The Rum Diary. Have you seen that movie?
Cool, enjoy the movie.
Are you looking for other books by J.K. Rowling?
Have you read Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban?
Do you like Juraissic because it's a Thriller?
Then you might like Zombieland, X-Men: First Class.
Yes, she starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, as well as X-Men First Class
Starship Troopers stars Jennifer Jason Leigh. Do you know Jennifer Lawrence?
If you like Hugh Jackman, you should check out Zombieland
I don't think so, but Hugh Jackman starred in X-Men movies
He wrote Wizard and Glass and The Sandman: Endless Nights.
Yes. It was also written by Stephen King.
Yes. You should check it out. It's a great book.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, the movie Forrest Gump is written by Winston Groom and stars Tom Hanks.
I'm not much of a football fan, but I do know that the team is owned by Lovie Smith
My favorite player is Joe Pagano
He play the tight end position
They are, but they haven't won the super bowl XLI
I think she's a great singer. Did you know she won the Academy Awards for Record of the Year award?
I think she's a great singer and singer. Did you know she won BBC Young Sports Personality of the Year award?
Yes, they were great together. Do you like Liam Neeson?
Yes, I have heard of Desperado. Did you know he is also an actor as well?
Yes he was in Desperado. Do you like his music?
I am not sure about her latest album, but i like his new album I know Desperado was released in 2016.
Charlotte Bront wrote Villette. Have you read that one?
It's a historical novel that was released in 2015. It's considered a classic.
Great, I will add it to your reading list. Enjoy!
Robin Buss wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo released in 1844, have you read it?
Robin Buss wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo, which is also written by Robin Buss.
The Boy Who Came Back from Heaven was released in 1595.
It was written by St. John Mandel and was released in 2014. Do you like his work?
Of course, she also wrote The BFG which was also released in 2014.
Last Night in Montreal is a speculative fiction novel.
You are welcome.
The 5th Wave was written by Rick Yancey. Do you like his work?
Yes, he wrote The Last Star and The Infinite Sea. Have you read them?
Yes, Robert Graves also wrote The Last Star and The Infinite Sea.
Sure, Company Man was written by Robert Jackson and has a genre Speculative fiction. Do you like Speculative fiction?
King Richard the Second was written by Zach Galifianakis
King Richard the Second was released 1595
Do you like the movie because it's a Romantic Comedy?
I'm not sure if they have a historical feel to enjoy them. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
I'm not sure who stars in it, but I do know that it was written by Sara Gruen.
Of course, enjoy!
I'm not much of a fan, but I do know that Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet is written by Jamie Ford.
You are correct. Jamie Ford wrote Songs of Willow Frost.
It is somewhere in the United States of America.
I'm not sure. I don't know what it is about.
Do you like Batman Begins because it stars Tom Hanks or because it is an adventure movie?
Then you might like The Incredible Hulk or The Avengers. Have you seen those?
Morgan Freeman starred in The Civil War. Have you seen it?
A Time to Kill is written by John Green. Do you like books written by him?
Then you might also enjoy Into the Wild or Into the Wild. Have you read those?
If you like James Patterson, you might also enjoy The Killing. Have you read that one?
Margaret R. Higonnet wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented. Have you read it?
Yes, he has written a few books titled Thomas Hardy
He also wrote 'Tis: A Pure Woman Faithfully starring Tim Dolin.
Robert Galbraith also wrote The Silkworm. Have you read it?
She also wrote The Silkworm. Have you read that one?
You are welcome
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
The goonies is speculative fiction
The Fault in Our Stars is also a good one
The goonies is written by JK Rowling
You are welcome
Have you read J.D. Salinger? He also wrote Franny and Zooey.
No, it was written by J.D. Salinger.
There's a Wocket in My Pocket written by Dan Simmons.
I do. He's a great actor. He starred in The Voyages of Doctor Dolittle. Have you seen that movie?
He's been in a lot of great movies. He was in Wilde and Valkyrie. Have you seen those?
I'm not sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yours, MIne is a great movie. You should check it out.
Great, I think you will enjoy it. Enjoy!
I think Damian Lillard is a great athlete. He plays point guard. Do you like him?
I'm not a huge basketball fan but I do know Damian Lillard is from the Portland Trail Blazers.
He's a Point Guard. Do you know he's from the United States?
Do you like J.D. Salinger? He also wrote Franny and Zooey
The Passage, The Passage, and The Passage are some of the classics.
I know they're a K-Pop boy band. Do you like them?
Ok. Have you heard of Pop music from the past?
I don't know of Pink, but I do know that she's from South Korea.
It's a great book. It's written by John Green and is a Speculative Fiction
The Poisonwood Bible was released in 2008.
I would recommend World Without End, it is a great book.
You should give it a try. It's a great book.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Looper is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes it is. what else can i answer for you today?
you are welcome
A Beautiful Mind is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
He directed The Missing. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome.
The Devil in the White City: Murder, Magic, and Madness at the Fair that Changed America was written by Tony McKenna
He also wrote Angels & Demons and The Bourne Legacy.
Someone Like You is a romantic comedy
You are welcome
It was written by J.D. Salinger and it is a Speculative fiction.
Yes. He wrote Franny and Zooey and Nine Stories
You are welcome.
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Argentina national football team.
A Clockwork Orange was released in 2004. It's a young adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Afraid of Virginia Woolf starred in this movie
If you like Drama movies, you should check out The House of Mirth.
Sure! Fiona Stafford wrote Emma. Emma is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Philippa Gregory wrote Wideacre, The White Queen and The White Princess. Do either of those interest you?
It's a Historical novel. Do you like historical novels?
Yes, they are both historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
It's a sports team. It's a pro soccer team.
They're a good team. They won't win Super Bowl XLIII.
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you know who they are?
Yes, Wally Lamb is a great writer. Did you know Wally Lamb starred in The Hour I First Believed, and The Hour I First Believed.
I Know This Much Is True is a Fiction Novel. I'm sure you will enjoy it.
I haven't read that one but I do know it was written by Anne Tyler.
You're welcome
I'm not a huge fan of the team, but I do know they won the Super Bowl XLIII.
Not really, but I like the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks. Do you have a favorite team?
Do you like the genre of the movie, or do you like the actors?
The main star in that movie is Sam Rockwell who also stars in the movie.
I'm not sure of the release date. I do know that it was released in 2006.
You are welcome. Enjoy the movie.
Yes, I think she's a great singer. Did you know she won the Grammy for Best New Artist Award?
Yes, I agree. Did you know Victoria Justice starred in a lot of movies?
I'm not sure, but I know Victoria Justice starred in Zooey Deschanel
That's right. She has a great voice.
I know it was written by Truman Capote. It's a war story.
Windtalkers was a great movie. If you like war films, you should check out War and Remembrance. It was also a war film.
I'll add it now. Enjoy!
The Catchter in the Rye is a Speculative fiction.
I'm sorry I don't have any fiction books. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Great, I'll add it now. Enjoy!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Big Hero 6 is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes Wreck-It Ralph also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Wolverine.
Isn't that a movie with Jennifer Jason Leigh?
Mindy Kaling starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Did you know he also starred in The Last Stand?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I think they are a pretty good team. Didn't they lose Super Bowl XXXVIII?
I'm not much of a fan of the Cowboys. I do know that they're owned by John Farrell.
I don't know much about Tony Romo, other than he plays for the Seattle Seahawks.
Yes, Wes Anderson starred in Zookeeper. Have you seen that one?
Owen Wilson starred in The Royal Tenenbaums. It was released in 2005.
I am not sure, but I do know he is also a voice actor.
Justin Rose is an athlete. He plays golf. Do you like golf?
He's a great golfer. He won the 2012 PGA Championship.
I don't know too much about him. I do know he's from the United States.
She wrote The Lighthouse and The Waves. Have you read either of those?
I'm not sure. But, I know she wrote The Waves. Have you read that one?
I'm not sure. But I know it was released in 1897.
Sure! Enjoy!
Isaiah Thomas is an American professional basketball player who plays point guard for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association.
He's on the Denver Broncos. Do you like them?
Yes, I am a fan of the Denver Nuggets.
Shelly Duvall starred in The Lord of the Rings: The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring and many others.
Time Bandits is considered a Drama and a comedy. Do you like comedies?
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie.
Sure. Michael Mann directed The Great Gatsby. Have you seen that one?
He directed The Manchurian Candidate. It's also a drama.
Yes, it's a great movie.
She's a great actress. Did you know she's from Frances Mayes?
Under the Tuscan Sun was also written by Frances Mayes.
You're welcome
She's great. Did you know she starred in Valentine's Day and The Lorax?
Some of her catchy songs are Zombieland and Stay With Me.
Yes it is a good one. Do you like Romantic comedies?
I don't know much about them, but I do know that they are owned by Bill Bidwill
I like Tomlin. He's a great athlete. He's a great athlete.
He has written several books such as Shadowland and Night Star.
She wrote The Looking Glass Wars, and The Golden Compass. Have you read any of those?
Blue Moon is a young girl. Would you like to know more about Evermore?
You're welcome
I know that he plays for the Colombia national football team. Do you like soccer?
Yes he plays for the New England Patriots. Do you like football?
Radamel Falcao is a great athlete. Is he from Colombia?
I know it was written by Charlaine Harris and it stars Robin Williams. Have you seen it?
It's a fiction novel.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
If you like Drama movies, you should check out Zoolander. It's a great movie.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He wrote the movie, Twilight. Have you seen it?
Yes, J.K. Rowling wrote both of them. She also wrote The Silkworm and The Cursed Child. Have you read those?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it was made into a movie starring Emma Stone.
Well, Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zivot je jinde and Zert.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it was a fiction novel.
You're welcome.
The Bourne Supremacy is similar to The Bourne Supremacy. Have you seen it?
The Bourne Supremacy, The Bourne Supremacy, and The Bourne Ultimatum. Have you seen The Bourne Ultimatum?
The Bourne Supremacy stars Matt Damon and Josh Brolin. Do you like Josh Brolin?
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit, Seabiscuit, and Seabiscuit.
She also wrote Unbroken: A True Life Novel.
Sorry, I don't have that information.
He directed Walk the Line, which is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, she was. Do you like her movies? If so, she was also in Welcome to Sarajevo.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it won the Oscar for Best Actor and the Best Actor.
If you like romance movies, you should check out Beautiful Creatures. It's also a biography.
You're welcome. Enjoy the movies!
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
To Kill a Mockingbird was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like to know more about this book?
Great, I will add it to your reading list. I hope you enjoy it.
Jason Cope starred in The Matrix Revolutions and in V for Vendetta. Have you seen those?
Spud is a drama
I am not sure, but i can tell you it is a romance movie
Rosario Dawson also stars in the movie
Yes, he directed Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi.
The Return of a Man Called Horse was released in 2002 and The Last Temptation of Christ was released in 2002.
You're welcome.
He starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys. Have you seen them?
I'm not sure who stars in The Other Guys. Is there anything else I can help with?
The Other Guys was released in 1994
You're welcome
Sure. Morgan Freeman starred in The Wildest Dream. Have you seen that one?
You are correct. Ned Bellamy starred in The Shawshank Redemption. You should check that one out.
Yes. He is a great actor. If you like Jonathan Hyde, you should check out The Green Mile.
You are very welcome. Enjoy the movie.
Blood Diamond is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, it was written by Quentin Tarantio and has genre Thriller.
He also starred in The Aviator. Have you seen that one?
That's a great one. It was written by Christopher Nolan and stars Michael Caine.
I love James Cameron too! He was great in that movie with George Clooney.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, 50/50 is a Romance movie. Do you like Romance movies?
Well, 50/50 was written by Paulo Coelho and stars Tom Wilkinson. Have you seen this movie?
Yes, Vanessa Fertilio starred in a movie called Shadowboxer. Would you like to know about it?
You're welcome
Yes, they are owned by Jay-Z.
Yes, they are. They won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award.
No, I haven't seen Nanking. Did you know Woody Harrelson produced it?
I do! She wrote These Happy Golden Years and The Long Winter. Have you read either of those?
These Long Winter is a romance novel released in 2013.
If you like historical fiction, you should check out Wyrd Sisters or Wyrd Sisters. Both are great.
Sure thing. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Sure, he wrote Thunderstruck
If you like drama, I would recommend Dead Poets Society. It's a great book.
It's a great book. If you like dramas, you might also enjoy The Crucible.
Afraid of Desire is also a play written by Mark Twain. It is also a play.
One Child's Courage to Survive was written by David O'Hara
It was written by Dave Pelzer and was released in 2008.
Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier, The Pacifier, and The Pacifier. Have you seen any of these?
Yes, Jim Belushi also starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Naked Sun.
I'm not sure of the release date. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
The Devil Wears Prada is a Romance film. Do you like Romance films?
The movie stars Anne Hathaway and Anne Hathaway
Then you might enjoy The Good Doctor or The Good Doctor.
Directed and directed by Meryl Streep
I am not sure but I know it was released in 2004
You're welcome
Sure, do you like her movies? She starred in The Wrestler. Have you seen that one?
James Rodrguez is a Colombian professional footballer who plays as a Forward for the Colombia National Football team.
Yes, they are. Do you like their team?
I'm not sure, but I know Falcao plays for the Colombia national football team.
I'm not sure who starred in the movie, but I know Radamel Falcao is from Columbia.
Yes, it's a great movie. It's a great movie. It stars Denzel Washington. Have you seen it?
That was a great movie. Did you like As Good as It Gets because it was a drama?
It's a great movie. As Good as It Gets was released in 2014. It stars Danny DeVito and Jack Nicholson.
It was released in 1999 and is an action film.
You're welcome
I'm not much of a football fan, but I do know that they're owned by Wayne Weaver.
I'm not sure who owns the team but I know Tyron Brackenridge owns the team
I like the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
She plays professional badminton, professional badminton and professional badminton.
That's right! She did! That's right. She's a great athlete.
I'm more of a tennis fan. My favorite sport is Basketball.
He's from London. I'm not sure.
You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote Two By Two and True Believer.
It was released in the English Language.
I'm not sure, but Nicholas Sparks contributed to films.
Yes he was.
Tony Hendra starred in The Wedding which is a comedy.
You're welcome. Enjoy the movies!
Pulp Fiction was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
There's a sequel to Kill Bill called Kill Bill. It's a crime fiction.
Uma Thurman is in that film. She was also in Pulp Fiction as well.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sin City is a great movie. Did you know Sin City was directed by Paulo Coelho?
Sin City is a crime fiction film. Do you like that genre?
Robert Rodriguez also starred in The Manchurian Candidate.
No I have not seen it but it is written by Robert Rodriguez.
Sure, it was written by Khaled Hosseini and it is a Thriller.
I'm not sure, but David Benioff wrote The Kite Runner.
The Kite Runner is a great book. You might enjoy it.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Christina Lamb is a Romance Novelist. Do you like Romance Novels?
Yes, he did write that one as well. It was released in 2002.
Yes, he did. He directed The Alchemist.
Sure, J.M. Barrie wrote Peter pan and Peter Pan
It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
The Great Gatsby was released in 1997.
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is a similar book.
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button was written by Sylvester Stallone. Would you like to know more about it?
It was released in 1925. Would you like to know more about this book?
Yes, I do. It's a great action movie. If you like action movies, you should check out Zoolander. It's a great movie.
Jane Eyre was written by John Green and is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
She also wrote Villette and The House at Pooh Corner.
Villette is a Speculative Fiction Novel.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure. Do you like Young-adult fiction or Young-adult fiction?
Sarah Dessen also wrote What Happens to Goodbye and This Lullaby. Have you read either of those?
This Lullaby is also written by Sarah Dessen.
Yes, Marc Webb wrote The Amazing Spider-Man, and The Amazing Spider-Man. Have you read any of these?
Yes. Steve Kloves also wrote The Amazing Spider-Man and 500 Days of Summer. Have you seen either of those?
The Amazing Spider-Man stars Emma Stone and Emma Stone. Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
I think he's a great singer and a musician. Do you like him?
AB de Villiers played cricket too. Are you a fan?
Not too much. I am more of a baseball fan myself.
Yes, Baz Luhrmann directed The Great Gatsby. The Great Gatsby is a great movie. Have you seen it?
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like his work?
You're welcome
You are welcome
Yes, it was written by Meg Cabot. Did you know it was also made into a movie?
The Princess Diaries is a great movie. I would recommend checking it out sometimes. It is a romantic comedy.
That's a great one. I think you should check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
Yes, that's a great one. I really liked it. Have you seen The Princess Diaries 2?
The Call of the Wild is written by Jack London. Have you read anything by him?
Another fiction book you might enjoy is Call of the Wild by Jack London.
It's a great book. It was released in 1905.
I have not read Beautiful Disaster. Is it written by Jamie McGuire?
I agree. Did you know that it was released in 2012. It's also a Romantic Comedy.
It's a good one. I think you will enjoy it.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Have a great day!
Sure. Jennifer Lawrence starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and in the PGA Tour.
Yes he was, do you like his movies?
Meet the Parents is a comedy.
You are welcome
I'm not a huge fan of the Arizona Cardinals, but I do know that they are owned by Bill Bidwill.
The Bears are a good team. They won't win the Super Bowl XLIII.
I'm not a huge fan of the Cowboys. They are a contender. Do you like them?
Beloved was written by Toni Morrison. Do you like his work?
If you like Tombstone, you might enjoy The Passage or The Passage. Have you seen those?
Love Actually stars Kyla Pratt. She's a great actress.
I think she's a great singer and singer. Did you know she was born in Rio de Janeiro?
Yes, Liam Hensworth is a great singer. Did you know he is friends with Miley Cyrus?
I will have to check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
The Lucky One is a romance novel written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like romance novels?
The Notebook is a good one. It's also a romance novel.
The Notebook was made into a movie. He also wrote The Notebook. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome.
Sure, Jean-Marc Vallée starred in Wilde, have you seen that movie?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that it's a Thriller.
I'm not sure, but it's a drama.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm not sure if she's a celebrity but a celebrity friend of hers.
Sure. Enjoy the movie.
Fast and the Furious is written by Gary Scott Thompson. Do you like his work?
The Fast and the Furious 2 were released in 2004.
I am not sure who stars in Fast and Furious but I do know it was written by Gary Oldman
You are welcome
Did you like the movie because it was a crime fiction?
World War Z was written by Max Brooks, who also directed Zombieland. Do you like him?
I haven't seen it but I heard it was a great movie. Did you know it was written by Frank Miller?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you he starred in a lot of movies.
Sure, he also starred in Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome.
Cat's Cradle is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr. and is a satire.
The author of Cat's Cradle is A mythology. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure. But it was released in 1959. Have you heard of The Sirens of Titan?
You're welcome.
Kyrie Irving is a basketball player who plays point guard.
Yes, Doc Rivers was a point guard as well. Did you know he's from Chicago?
I'm not sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I like his song You Love Me. What is your favorite song of his?
I do not know any of his other songs. I do know he is a songwriter. Do you like his music?
yes it is. do you know who is also a screenwriter?
I'm not much of a basketball fan, but I do know that they are owned by Woody Allen.
No, I didn't know that, but I do know that he's from Brooklyn.
Oh wow, that's pretty cool. Who is their coach?
Yes, he wrote The Golden Compass. Have you seen it?
The film stars Leonardo DiCaprio and was directed by Chris Weitz.
American Wedding is produced by Warren Zide.
Do you like it because it's a romance or because it stars Tom Cruise?
I haven't seen it. Is it a crime fiction?
I do like him. He's a great actor. He's been in some great movies. He's been in a lot of movies.
Oh yeah. That's a great serial killer film. I'm not sure.
I'm not much of a basketball fan, but I do know that they're owned by Steve Kerr.
Oh wow. Who's your favorite player on the team?
I didn't know that! That's a great movie. I'm sure it's hilarious!
Oh yeah, that's right. I didn't know he produced it, right?
Madame Bovary is written by Gustave Flaubert.
Yes, it was released in 1800s and was written in English.
I'm not sure about similar authors, but I can tell you that Madame Bovary was released in 1856.
You are welcome.
Ara Celi starred in American Beauty, have you seen it?
Shawnee Smith wrote and starred in it. Do you enjoy her acting?
He's been in a number of great movies including The Longest Yard and The Longest Yard. Have you seen any of those?
Yes she is. Did you know she was born in Sao Paulo?
Yes, I think she's a good athlete.
Aha, that's a great one.
Yes, Ridley Scott directed The Sworn Sword. Have you seen it?
He directed The Guilt Trip and Aliens.
Sure, All The Money in the World was written by Ridley Scott and stars Alien Bressack.
He also starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen that one?
You are welcome
Shakira has been in a while. She's starred in a few movies. She's been in a lot of movies. She's been in a number of movies. Do you like her movies?
Love in the Time of Cholera stars Keanu Reeves and Liam Neeson.
Love in the Time of Cholera was the same award as well as the other one, did you know she was born in Los Angeles?
I love James and the Giant Peach. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure. However, I do know that it is also a speculative fiction.
Some similar movies are Zombieland and Zookeeper. Have you seen those?
Sure! Wicked City was written by John Hodgman. It's also a Thriller. I highly recommend it.
Margaret Atwood wrote The Year of the Flood and The Robber Bride
He wrote Where the Red Fern Grows. Have you read it?
Yes he has, he also wrote Speculative fiction
It was released in 1991
You are welcome
You're welcome
Do you like The Notebook because it's a romance novel?
He also wrote Two By Two and True Believer. Have you read them?
I'm not sure, but I can recommend Two by Two if you're interested.
You're welcome.
Tom Quirk wrote Moby Dick which was released in 1851. Have you read it?
That's right. It was also released in 1851
You're welcome
Sure, P.D. Eastman wrote The Best Nest and Go Dog Go!
Yes, it is a children's literature. Do you like children's literature?
Yes! Dr. Suess also wrote Go, Dog, Go!
Bob Peck starred in Jurassic Park III and Jurassic Park III.
Surviving Picasso is a satire.
Surviving Picasso also starred Robert De Niro, Xander Berkeley, and Emma Watson.
He wrote The Sicilian, and The Last Don. Have you read either of those ?
The Godfather is a Romance Novel. Do you like Romance Novels?
You are welcome
Danny Boyle has directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but he directed 127 Hours, as well as Danny Boyle.
I'm not sure about that. But I can tell you that Aron Ralston has written a lot of movies.
Brad Pitt starred in many movies, such as Troy, Troy, and Troy.
He is also in the movie Troy.
If you like romance movies, you should check out Zoolander.
Brad Pitt also starred in the movie Aeon Flux
you are welcome
Do you like Fantastic 4 because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Chris Evans also starred in The Stand, The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie, and Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I don't know too much about soccer but I do know he plays Forward. Do you like soccer?
Did you like the movie because it was a Thriller or because it was a Thriller?
Philip Pullman wrote The Subtle Knife and The Subtle Knife. Do you like his work?
Robin Jarvis wrote The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
You might enjoy The Looking Glass Wars.
Sure. Stanley Corngold wrote Die Verwandlung
Die Verwandlung is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I haven't seen it but I do know that it was written by Mark Boal. Do you like his work?
I'm not sure Mike Colter starred in Taking Chance, have you seen it?
Yes, Linus Roache also starred in The Forgotten.
Yes, he was in that movie as well. Did you know that Doug Scott also starred in the movie?
Cool, enjoy the movie.
Yes I do. Did you know it was written by Ian Fleming?
I'm not sure who stars in it, but I know it was written by Robert Wade.
I'm not sure. It was released in 2009.
Yes, it was a television series.
You are welcome.
Did you like it because it's a sci-fi or because it stars Tom Hanks?
Tom Tykwer also starred in Ocean's 8, which is a Thriller.
Charlize Theron has been in many films including Theron's Revenge, Wilde, and Theron Revolutions
You're welcome
You're welcome.
Taxi Driver is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I'm not sure, but I do know that Taxi Driver is starring Tom Hanks as well.
There's a lot of action movies you may enjoy are Shark Night, starring Kyla Pratt
You're welcome, enjoy!
That's a great movie. It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is also a thriller. Have you read it?
The Day of The Jackal has genre Crime Fiction and was directed by Peter Mensah.
Anne Frank wrote The Diary of a Young Girl. Have you read it?
If you like autobiographies, you might also enjoy A Very Long Engagement by Anne Frank.
Well, The Diary of a Young Girl was released in 1905. It's about Anne Frank's life.
Great, I think you'll enjoy it.
Do you like Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith because it is an adventure movie?
Star wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith stars Natalie Portman and Natalie Portman
He's been in a lot of great movies. He was in The Matrix Revolutions, The Awakening, and many more. Have you seen any of those?
Great, enjoy the movie!
Sure! Chris Buck directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
If you like comedies, you might also enjoy The Men Who stare at Goats. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie.
Dan Brown wrote Angels & Demons which is a speculative fiction. Do you like speculative fiction?
Yes, it is directed by McG and stars Christian Bale. Have you seen it?
No, We Are Marshall is a football/soccer movie.
The Game of Their Lives was written by Matt Damon and stars Christian Bale.
I know that the team is owned by Lovie Smith. Do you like them?
Yes he did. Did you know that they won the Super Bowl XLI?
Great! Have a great day!
I agree. I think he's a great athlete. Did you know he's from the United States?
I'm a big fan of American football. What about your favorite sport?
The New York Red Sox are my favorite team!
Scream is written by Scream. Do you like Horror movies?
Yes, you are right. Jamie Kennedy also starred in Scream 2 and the sequel Scream 2
You are welcome.
You are welcome.
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski who also wrote V for Vendetta. Have you seen that movie?
V for Vendetta stars Tim Pigott-Smith, Rupert Graves and Roger Allam.
V for Vendetta is a romance film.
Sure! Do you like the author Cornelia Funke or the genre of it?
Anthea Bell also wrote Gregor and the Marks of Secret.
Cinderella is a romance novel.
I can tell you that The King Kong was written by Steven Zaillian, who also wrote Toy Story. Have you seen it?
Naomi Watts also starred in King Kong. Would you like to know more about it?
The Painted Veil is written by Stephen King and is a romance genre film.
You are welcome.
Gary Chapman wrote The Three Musketeers. Have you read it?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that The Five Love Languages: How to Express Heartfelt Commitment to Your Mate has genre Non-Fiction.
Yes, she starred in The Five Love Languages: How to Express Heartfelt Commitment to Your Mate.
I'm not seeing any information on him, but I can tell you that he is a singer/songwriter.
Frank Capra wrote It's a Wonderful Life. It's a Wonderful Life is written by Philip Van Doren Stern.
Yes, he is a great actor. He also starred in The Apostle.
Yes, he wrote It's a Wonderful Life and it's a Wonderful Life.
I'm sorry, I don't know much about it.
She starred in Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Elie Wiesel.
Un di Velt Hot Geshvign was released in 1999
Un di Velt Hot Geshvign is a triller
I do not have that
Un di Velt Hot Geshvign is a speculative fiction
That's a crime drama. Do you like crime movies?
It's crime fiction. Do you like those types of movies?
It was written by Paulo Coelho.
Woody Herman wrote The Girl with a Dragon Tattoo. Have you read that one?
You're welcome.
The Washington Redskins starred in the Super Bowl XLIII. Are you a fan?
Oh yeah, that's right. What is your favorite team?
Yes, it's a great sport to enjoy. Tennis is a great sport.
Sure, do you like movies starring Steve Carell?
Easy was written by Tammara Webb and released in 2012. She also wrote Where are You, and Breakable. Have you read either of those?
Tammara Webber wrote Where You Are and Breakable. Have you read either of these?
Tammara Webber wrote Where You Are and Breakable. Have you read them?
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome. Enjoy your book.
Steven Soderbergh directed The Goonies. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure, but it was written by Joseph Kanon and stars Emma Watson.
He's been in The Good German, which is a crime fiction film. Have you seen it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Alan Moore wrote Watchmen which is a Thriller. Have you seen it?
Watchmen was released in 2004. It's a good read.
You're welcome
Sure! Richard J. Dunn wrote Wuthering Heights. Have you read it?
It's about a satirical romance novel by Richard J. Dunn.
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
The Eye of the World was written by Robert Jordan and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards, Rules of Attraction, and Wild Cards.
It was released in 2002 and the genre is a thriller.
You might enjoy Wildwood Dancing or Wildwood Dancing.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Spirit Bound was written by Richelle Mead. Do you like young adult fiction?
Twilight is written by Rick Riordan.
Vampire Academy is a fantasy novel.
You're welcome
Charles Dickens wrote The Old Curiosity Shop and The Old Curiosity Shop. Have you read either of those?
Yes, Leo wrote The Pickwick Club and he also wrote The Subtle Knight.
That's correct. It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
Yes, Gnghis Khan is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
Great, have a great day!
Peter Segal directed The Longest Yard and The Longest Yard. Have you seen them?
Yes! Adam Sandler also produced The Longest Yard and 50 First Dates.
I'm not sure, but Adam Sandler also did a great job with his wife, Emma Stone.
Yes, Albus wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
She also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Have you read those?
It's a fiction novel. Do you like children's literature?
Newt Scamander wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. Have you read it?
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them was written by JK Rowlings and is a Speculative Fiction.
Yes. The book is a speculative fiction book as well as a movie.
Michael O'Neill starred in Transformers and Traffic
Traffic and Seabiscuit is a crime fiction film. Do you like crime fiction?
If you like crime drama, you should check out Zoolander. It's a great movie.
You're welcome.
He plays soccer for the Spain national football team. Do you like soccer?
I am not a huge fan of the sport. What is your favorite soccer team?
You are welcome. Have a good day.
The Hangover Part II is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
It was released in 2004. Todd Phillips also wrote The Hangover Part II.
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie.
Sure, Woody Allen wrote it. Do you like his work?
It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I like murder mystery as well. Do you want to know about other films with that genre?
Yes, Shutter Island is a great murder mystery film.
Do you like Mansfield Park because it's a satire or because it's a satire?
Persuasion was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Would you like to know more about this book?
Persuasion was released in 1817.
Yes, Horrible Bosses is written by Michael Markowitz and a crime fiction. Do you like those types of books?
I'm not sure about Lindsay Sloane, but he starred in a movie called Lord of the Flies.
Oh yeah, he's a great actor. Did you know he also wrote The Accidental Husband?
He's a great tennis player. Did you know he's from Switzerland?
I don't watch much tennis but I do know Stan Wawrinka won a World Series Award.
Yes, I'm a big fan of Serena Williams.
Yes, Cornelia Funke wrote Inkheart and Tintenherz.
Another family novel by Cornelia Funke is Welcome to the Monkey House.
I have heard of her books. Did you know she also wrote A Light In The Attic?
Gary Paulsen wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read this one yet?
The River is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
If you like Science Fiction, you might enjoy The Last Olympian written by Gary Paulsen.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Shawn Levy directed Real Steel, Real Steel, Real Steel, Real Steel, Real Steel to name a few. Have you seen any of these?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. I can tell you it was written by Joel Coen.
Real Steel was produced by Ivan Reitman. I'm not sure who produced it.
Did you like it because it's a Crime Fiction?
If you like Crime Fiction movies, you should check out The Usual Suspects. It's a Crime Fiction movie.
No problem, enjoy the movie.
If you like Crime Fiction movies, you should check out The Usual Suspects. It's a great movie.
I think he's a great soccer player. Do you like soccer?
Yes, they play in Wembley Stadium along with Wayne Rooney.
Well, Alice Walker wrote The Temple of My Familiar. Have you read it?
Benjamin Franklin wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Reading for the Non'Believer. Have you read it?
You are welcome.
He's a great soccer player. He plays for Barcelona. Do you like soccer?
No, I didn't know that.
Yes they are. Do you know who they are?
Yes he was a midfielder as well.
I haven't seen it but I know it was written by Patrick Rothfuss. Do you like his work?
I haven't read anything by Patrick Rothfuss, but I know he wrote The Wise Man's Fear.
It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
You are welcome
I know it was written by Kiera Cass and released in 2013.
Kiera Cass also wrote The Siren which is a film.
Kiera Cass also wrote The Siren and it was released in 2016.
Kiera Cass wrote and produced The Siren.
His genre is Rhythm and Blues. What genre do you like?
Did you enjoy The Social Network because it stars Justin Timberlake or because it is a biography?
Jesse Eisenberg also starred in The Polar Express. Have you seen it?
The Hummingbird Project was released in 2004. It's a great movie.
You're welcome
I'm not a huge fan of Treasure Island but I do know it was written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
It is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
Great, enjoy the book!
If you like Treasure Island, you should check out The Road to El Dorado. It is a great book.
I haven't seen it but I do know that it was written by Mark Twain.
Danny Aiello is in all 3 of his movies.
He was in the great movie The Godfather Part II. Have you seen it?
You are welcome.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit, a fiction novel. Do you like fiction books?
The author also wrote World War II Story of Survival, Adventure, and Life of Pi.
It was released in 2002.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! Do you like Aladdin because it's a Thriller?
Aladdin was written by Ron Clements and also stars Tom Hanks. Do you like his movies?
The Lion King came out in 2015. It's a classic.
You're welcome.
He also wrote To Have and Have Not, The Sun Also Rises, and The Sun Also Rises.
Another short stories by Hemingway that you might enjoy is A Farewell to Arms.
I'm not sure, but it was released in 1905.
You're welcome.
OK. Have a great day!
I do! He's a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
Isn't he a quarterback for the Denver Broncos?
Yes, I like him. He's a great singer.
Isn't he a comedian?
Yes, he wrote The Men Who Stare at Goats. Have you read it?
White Oleander also starred Sylvester Stallone and it's a drama. Do you like that genre?
White Oleander is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I do! A Grief observed is written by C.S. Lewis.
The book A GriefObserved was released in 1945.
That's a good one. He also wrote The Last Olympian and The World According to Garp. Have you read them?
I'm sending now. Enjoy!
I know that he's an actor who starred in the movie The A-Team. Have you seen it?
I know they're a basketball team. Do you like basketball?
I've been there. Did you know that Mike Woodson is the coach?
Oh yeah, that was a great year for the Hornets
Yes, John Berendt wrote The Lady in the Lake and The World According to Garp.
The Lady & Sons Savannah Country Cookbook was released in 2005.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
I'm not sure who directed it but I do know it was written by Sarah Dessen.
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars and The Fault in Our Stars.
He did! He also wrote Paper Towns, which is a great book.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about him other than he plays soccer. Do you like soccer?
I'm not familiar with this sport. Isn't he from Germany?
I'm not sure about that. I do know Thomas Muller won the Bravo Award.
I agree. He has great stats. I think he plays for the Green Bay Packers.
Gore Verbinski directed Rango. Do you like Johnny Depp movies?
Well, Rango is a sci-fi. Do you like sci-fi?
You are welcome.
The Prestige is written by Jonathan Nolan and directed by Christopher Nolan.
The genre is Thriller
Yes. The Prestige was produced by Jonathan Nolan
It stars Christian Bale and it is a thriller
Thomas Lennon also starred in The Prestige and The Dark Knight
You're welcome
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a popular one by L. Frank Baum.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is considered a fantasy. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, Voyager is a great children's literature. Another similar children's literature that you might enjoy is The Wonderful Wizard of Oz.
Yes, she wrote The Wonderful Wizard of Oz and The Sea of Trolls.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you more about The Wonderful Wizard of Oz.
You're welcome.
I'm not sure who the latest movie is but the movie was released in 2016.
The Holiday was released in 2014. I don't know who it is.
It is a romantic comedy-drama film.
If you like thriller movies, you should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt
yes she did. She is also in The Last House on the Left.
WALLE is a Speculative fiction. Do you like Speculative fiction?
Some of the most popular sci-Fi movies are Aeon Flux and X-Men: The Last Stand. Have you seen those?
I'm sorry I don't have that information. But it's a great X-Men movie.
It's a great movie. It's a great movie. It's also a great sci-fi movie.
It's a great movie. It's a great movie. It's also a sci-fi movie.
I'm not sure of the release date.
It was written by Sarah Dessen and is young adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure, you might also like The Fault in Our Stars or What Happens in Vegas.
Sure, Nick & Norah also wrote A Piece of the World and It's a Memoir.
Katherine Paterson wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and The Great Gilly Hopkins. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it's a children's book. It's considered children's literature.
The Witch of Blackbird Pond is written by Philip Pullman.
I have not seen it but I know Ocean's Twelve was written by George Orwell. Have you seen it?
Ocean's Twelve stars George Nolfi and George Nolfi.
Great. I hope you enjoy the movie.
I agree he plays for the Poland national football team. Do you like soccer?
I do. I'm more of a football fan.
I agree. I'm more of a baseball fan.
Paul Sorvino is an actor who starred in The Stuff and The Rocketeer.
Jack Thorne starred in The Assassination of Jesse James. Have you seen it?
It is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
Yes, he stars in it as well.
You got it, add it now.
She wrote Snow Flower and The Secret Fan
Snow Flower and the Secret Fan was released in 2005 and the genre is Speculative Fiction.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that it was released in 2014.
You're welcome. Enjoy the book.
Do you like it because it's a crime fiction?
Ok, Grindhouse directed by Rob Zombie, who also directed Death Proof. Have you seen that one?
It's a great movie. It stars Rob Zombie and it's a comedy.
Sure! It was written by Stieg Larsson and was released in 2006 and was released in 2006.
Sure, Syeig Larsson wrote The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which was released in 2013.
The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo is a series of books released in 2009. The book was released in 2009.
You are welcome.
You're welcome.
Michael Parks is an actor who starred in such films as The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
Wicked is a crime fiction film. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie!
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie!
Yes, Ken Kesey wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest. Have you read that one?
It's a great book. Ken Kesey wrote it and it was released in 1990.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I think he is a great basketball player. Do you like basketball?
I'm not sure. I'm more of a baseball fan. Do you like Space Jam?
Oh yeah. That's a funny one. It's hilarious. I liked him in Zoolander. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. That's a great movie. It's a great movie.
Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls. Have you seen it?
Yes, he stars in The Fast and the Furious as well as a sequel The Fast and Furious.
Yes, he was also in A Man Apart. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
He also wrote Travels with Charley: In Search of America and Travels with Charley: In Search of America.
He's a great actor. He's been in lots of movies. He's been in lots of movies. He's been in many movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a number of movies. Have you seen any of those?
Yes he did a great job in that movie
Yes it is. It is a great movie. If you like comedy, you should enjoy it.
I am not a huge fan of the Giants, but I do know they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLIII.
I'm not a huge fan of the Giants. Who is your favorite football player?
If you like action movies, you should watch Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
The book is written by Paula McLain who also wrote Circling the Sun. Have you read that one?
I'm not sure. But it was released in 2012. It's a romance novel.
You're welcome. I'm glad I could help.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! Do you like thrillers? If you like thrillers, you might enjoy Escape from New York.
Eraserhead is a thriller. what else can i answer for you?
drama. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
The Fault in Our Stars is a popular one by Josh Boone.
Yes! Josh Boone also stars in The Fault in Our Stars.
It's a Romance. Do you like Romance?
You're welcome!
Did you like it because it was written by Terry George or because it was a drama?
Terry Gilliam wrote Long Walk to Freedom. Would you like to know more about this movie?
We We Were Soldiers starred Randall Park and it is a war movie.
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
Tammara Webber wrote Where You Are and Breakable. Have you read them?
It was released in 2005.
Zooey Deschanel was also released in 2011.
The Phantom Tollbooth was written by Norton Juster.
Peter Cushing starred in Twins of Evil, Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi and Return of the Jedi.
You might want to check out Twins of Evil, Torture Garden. He also starred in The Handmaid's Tale.
The Revenge of Frankenstein was written by William Shakespeare.
I hope you enjoy it.
Peter Gallagher starred in The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen those?
While You Were Sleeping has a genre of Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Rick Liam Neeson wrote it. He also wrote it.
You are welcome. Enjoy the movie.
Yaphet Kotto starred in Witless Protection. Have you seen that movie?
I am not sure but Yaphet Kotto starred in The Running Man
He also starred in The Running Man and The Return of the King
You are welcome
Hush Hush is an actor who starred in Hush's movies. Have you seen it?
She also wrote Hush Hush and Hush Hush. Have you read those books?
Crescendo is a romance novel written by Becca Fitzpatrick. Have you read it?
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
It was written by Jeannette Walls and released in 2005.
The Glass Castle is written by Jeannette Walls
The Silver Castle is a memoir released in 2005
You are welcome
John Carpenter wrote Escape from New York and starred in Escape from New York.
John Carpenter also directed Escape from New York. It's a crime fiction.
Yes, Kurt Russell also starred in Wrath of the Titans, a crime fiction film.
Rhonda Byrne wrote The Secret. Have you read it?
The Secret was written by Byrne and a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
He wrote The Secret which was released in 2014.
John Ratzenberger starred in The Truman Show and The Hunt for Red October. Have you seen those?
Sure! Your Friend the Rat is a romantic comedy released in 2007. It is also a romance film.
It is a cartoon. If you like cartoons, you should check out Ratatouille. It's a cute cartoon.
You're welcome.
I have not read it, but I know it was written by Spike Jonze. Have you read it?
The BFG is a good family friendly movie. It's a great family friendly movie.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Still Alice is written by Tom Hanks and stars Tom Hanks. Have you seen it?
Did you know that it's also a biography?
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
Sure! Mark Haddon is a writer and director. He wrote The Little Friend. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, it was adapted into a film and starred Tom Hanks.
Yes he did and he also produced it as well.
You are welcome.
He starred in Zookeeper. Have you seen that movie?
Kevin James also starred in Zookeeper. Have you seen that movie?
It's a comedy. It's also a comedy.
Once Upon a Time in the West was written by Mickey Knox. Do you like Mickey Knox movies?
Well, Once Upon a Time in the West was a great crime fiction movie. Have you seen that one?
Nightcrawler stars Sylvester Stallone and Danny DeVito. Would you like to watch it?
You're welcome.
I know a little about him, he's an athlete that plays tennis. Do you like tennis?
I believe it came out in the 1990's
It also starred Heath Ledger. Do you like his work?
You're welcome
The Blind Side is written by Philip Kaufman and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
I don't have any more information on Drama, but I can tell you that The Blind Side is also written by John Lee Hancock.
Moneyball stars Orlando Bloom and it's a great movie.
It's written by Cassandra Clare and is a young-adult fiction book. Do you like young adult fiction?
Then you might also enjoy The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones, City of Ashes: City of Ashes: City of Bones, City of Ashes: City of Ashes: City of Ashes: City of Ashes: City of Ashes: City of Ashes: City of Ashes: City of Ashes: City of Ashes: City of Ashes: City of Ashes: City of Ashes: City of Ashes also written In Inheritance Cycle.
The book is a sequel to The Shadowhunter's Codex and was released in 2013.
You're welcome.
Yes, he directed Zookeeper. Have you seen that one?
Yes he did and also directed Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets.
It's a fantasy. Do you like fantasy movies?
You're welcome.
It's a Romance novel written by C.S. Lewis. Do you like Romance Novels?
He wrote The World of Ice and Fire. Have you read that one?
You're welcome.
I love Yellow Submarine! He wrote Yellow Submarine with John Lennon.
I don't know much about him, other than he's a Beatles fan.
Oh yes, he plays for the Red Sox.
I'm not much of a fan of Paul McCartney. I just know he's from the United States.
Laurie Halse Anderson wrote Wintergirls and Twisted. Have you read either of those?
Wintergirls was released in 2011 and is a Fiction Novel. Do you like Fiction?
Sure. Enjoy the book!
Yes, Rihanna is a great singer and a songwriter. Do you like her work?
Yes, that's a great song. Did you know she won the Academy Award for Best Pop Video Music Award?
It's a great movie. It's a historical drama.
He's a great actor. He's starred in The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King, The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring and many other movies.
Sure, Marc Forester starred in The Making of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi and The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King.
It's a romantic comedy starring Robert De Niro.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Mockingjay is a young adult fiction novel written by John Grisham. Do you like fiction books?
Have you read Xenocide or Xenocide?
Yes, that's correct.
Jonathan Dayton is an actor who starred in Little Miss Sunshine. Have you seen it?
Yes he did. Did you know that he also wrote and directed A Beautiful Mind.
I'm not sure if John was in the version of Elizabeth, but Jonathan Dayton also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
She's a great actress. She has been in a lot of movies. She's been in a lot of movies. She's been in a lot of movies. She's been in a number of movies, including The Princess Diaries.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
A Walk to Remember was written by Nicholas Sparks and is a Romance Novel. Do you like Romance Novels?
I do not know of any of them, but Nicholas Sparks also wrote A Walk to Remember. Have you read it?
Yes, it was made into a movie starring Christian Bale. Do you like Christian Bale?
Then you might enjoy A Walk to Remember. It is a crime fiction book.
The Matrix Revolution was directed by Lana Wachowski. She also produced The Matrix Reloaded.
Keanu Reeves starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
I'm not sure, but Jada Pinkett Smith also starred in The Matrix Revolutions.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you she starred in The Man of Steel.
Vince Vaughn directed Mystic River. He also directed Mystic River.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Simon West directed The Assassination of Jesse James. Have you seen that one?
Yes he did. Did you know he directed The Mechanic 2?
I'm not sure about that. But he has directed some action movies like The Manchurian Candidate which is a thriller.
You're welcome
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
The Light Between Oceans was written by M.L. Stedman.
Yes, I believe it was released in 2012. I think it was a good read.
Sure, he directed The Light Between Oceans which was released in 2009.
You're welcome.
Daphne du Maurier wrote Rebecca as well as Rebecca. Do either of those interest you?
My Cousin Rachel is a Mexican novelist who was influenced by Jamaica Inn.
I am not sure, but I know Daphne du Maurier also wrote Jamaica Inn.
You are welcome.
I'm not much of a football fan, but I do know that the team is owned by Jim Caldwell.
I love the stadium Tropic Thunder. Have you ever been there?
i love the Dallas Cowboys. do you know who is your favorite player?
I think he is a good coach. do you know who is your favorite player?
I think he's a good coach. do you think he's from Pittsburgh?
I'm not a huge fan of his music, but I do enjoy his movies as well. Do you like his movies?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romance?
Jennifer Lawrence is also in it. Do you like her?
Yes, she's a great singer. Did you know she won the Grammy for Best Pop Video Music Award for Best Pop Video?
American Idol is a great movie. Did you know Clay Aiken was born in Houston?
Yea, that's a great host. Some of my favorite actors are Ryan Giggs and Ryan Giggs.
Yes, she did a great job. Did you know she was born in Los Angeles?
Do you like Joseph Sikora because of his work?
The Watcher is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, Leonardo Dicaprio starred in the Thriller, which is a great movie.
You're welcome
She wrote I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings. Have you read it?
Some other poets you might enjoy include Emile Zola or Marisa Tomei. Do you know them?
You're welcome.
It was written by St. John Mandel and was released in 2014. Are you a fan?
Toni Morrison wrote The Bluest Eye and The Bluest Eye.
It is a fiction novel
You should check out Zoe's Tale
It was written by Quentin Tarantino.
You are welcome
Downfall is a war movie. Do you like the genre or the actors?
Downfall starred Matt Damon and was released in 2010.
You're welcome.
Do you like him because he's a director? He's a director. He's been in lots of movies. Do you like his movies?
He also starred in The Wrestler. Have you seen that one?
I don't know who wrote it, but he also starred in The Usual Suspects.
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
Well, I'm not sure. I do know that The Great Gatsby is written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Have you read that one?
Well, if you like action movies, you should check out "The Painted Veil". It is also a satire.
You're welcome. Enjoy the book!
He's a great singer. Did you know he's from Miami?
It's a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 2004. It's a good movie.
You got it! Enjoy!
I know it was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Tom Cruise. Do you like thrillers?
The movie was released in 1994 and it was also written by Martin McDonagh.
Yes he did and that movie was released in 2012.
You're welcome.
Sure, Chris Weits wrote The Golden Compass and The Golden Compass.
He also directed American Reunion. Have you seen that one?
No, I haven't seen that one. What genre do you like?
Sure, he directed both Casablanca and The Proposal
The Nightingale is a young adult fiction book written by Philip Pullman. Do you like young adult fiction?
I'm not sure about any of her work, but I can recommend some other short stories if you like.
I'm sorry, I don't have any more information on that book.
I think he's a great tennis player. Did you know he starred in The Expendables 2?
It's a great movie. Did you know that Novak Djokovic was in The Expendables 2?
You are welcome. Enjoy the movie.
Die hard with a Vengeance is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes he did along with Bruce Willis. Have you seen it?
How the Grinch Stole Christmas was written by Sylvia Plath. She also wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
Yes, The Lorax is written by Theodore Lesieg as well as The Cat in the Hat.
That is correct. The Sneetches and Other Stories is also written by Margaret Stohl.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I haven't seen it but I do know that it starred Jim Carrey and J.K. Simmons.
Yes, she did. Do you like her work?
It is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
Yes, it is a romantic comedy, do you like comedies?
No I haven't seen Faster but I do see Men of Honor. Is it a drama?
You're welcome.
I'm more of a Lakers fan, but don't know much about them. Do they play in the NBA too?
I'm more of a Lakers fan, but LeBron James is also a great player.
I agree. They have a good season this year. They are a great team!
She wrote ес арат арамаов and арат арамаов.
He wrote ассска  арат арамаов and арат арамаов.
You're welcome.
Do you like The Notebook because it's a Romance novel?
Have you read Post-Apocalyptic fiction? It's a classic.
I'm not sure, but it was written by Natalie Portman.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I'm not a huge fan of the Washington Redskins, but I do know they won the Super Bowl XLIII Super Bowl XLIII.
Yes, Pete Rozelle is pretty good. Do you know who is your favorite player?
That's right. Did you know that he died of a brain tumor?
She wrote Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail.
Wild: From Lost to Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail is a self help book.
You are welcome.
The Cuckoo's Calling is written by Robert Galbraith and was released in 2013.
She also wrote The Cuckoo's Calling. Have you read that one?
It's a fantasy novel. Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I do. Did you know that he starred in The Matrix Revolutions and in The Human Stain?
I'm not sure about that. Is it a comedy?
It's a good one. I liked it a lot. Did you know he also starred in The Matrix Revolutions?
Yes, Little House on the Prairie is a Speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Sure, Little House on the Prairie was written by Terry Pratchett. Would you like to know more about this book?
Yes, Little House on the Prairie is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes, I like her sister Serena. How about you?
I didn't know that. I know that Serena Williams starred in the Hair Show.
No, I didn't know that. I know that Serena Williams starred in the Hair Show.
The Lost Symbol was made into a movie starring Tom Hanks. Are you a fan?
Tom Hanks also stars in Larry Crowne.
Yes, he did write The Da Vinci Code and The Inferno.
The Da Vinci Code starring Tom Hanks is a good one.
The Da Vinci Code starring Tom Hanks is also a good one.
You're welcome
I'm not much of a fan of X-Men Orgins. Do you like Wolverine because it's a Thriller?
It's a Thriller. Do you like Thriller?
You might like Zombieland, X-Men: Days of Future Past or The Wolverine.
Yes he does, and he also starred in The Avengers.
Tim Dolin wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented. Have you read it?
It is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
He wrote a Pure Woman Faithfully titled Thomas Hardy
Rick Yancey wrote The Infinite Sea. Have you heard of it?
Gareth Stedman Jones wrote The Road to Little Dribbling, The Mother Tongue: English and How It Got That Way.
You are welcome
We're The Millers is a great movie. Did you know it was released in 1999?
Thomas Lennon also starred in The Ten, which is also a comedy. He also starred in The Ten.
Yes, I will add them to your watch list.
Did you like it because it's a satire or a satire?
Then you might enjoy What to Expect When You're Expecting. Have you seen that one?
The Untouchables is starring Bruce Willis. Do you like his movies?
You're welcome.
That's a good one. Did you know that it was written by Nicholas Sparks?
Two By Two is written by Nicholas Sparks.
The Wedding Date is also written by Nicholas Sparks.
I know they're a K-Pop boy band. Do you like them?
Cornelia Funke wrote Inkheart and Tintenherz. Would you like to know more about these books?
I'm not sure. However, Cornelia Funke also wrote Inkheart.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Did you like the movie because it was a comedy or because it was a comedy?
I'm sorry I don't have that information at the moment.
You're welcome
Yes, Albus wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You're welcome, enjoy!
He's an actor who starred in Hook Ya Crook. Have you seen it?
I'm not familiar with soccer, but I know he was in Hook Ya Crook.
He starred in Hook Ya Crook, along with Danny DeVito. Have you seen it?
Tracy Chevalier wrote The Virgin Blue, The Last Runaway, and The Lady and the Unicorn.
The Last Runaway was released in 1997.
You are welcome.
The BFG was written by Roald Dahl who also wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
Yes, Going Solo is a children's literature. Other books in that genre include The Handmaid's Tale and The Witching Hour.
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Handmaid's Tale and The Secret Life of Bees.
I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, they are. They're owned by David Platt.
I do! He wrote The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell. Have you read any of these?
Do you like the genre because it's a Sci-Fi?
Sure, Stan Lee wrote and starred in The Incredible Hulk as well as he also starred in The Dark Knight
Sure, Stan Lee also starred in The Incredible Hulk and also starred in Thor.
Absolutely, enjoy and have a great day
Howls Moving Castle is written by Diana Wynne Jones and stars Christian Bale. Do you like his movies?
Jon Favreau is known for starring in Wakko's Wish. Have you seen it?
He directed The Wolfman and Jurassic Park. Have you seen those?
If you like action movies, you should check out Zoolander. It's also a great movie.
Yes, Chris Evans also starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Gillian Flynn wrote Sharp Objects and it was released in 2006. Do you like suspense and suspense genres?
She also wrote Sharp Objects. Do you like suspense?
I'm not sure, but I know Sharp Objects was released in 2011.
I'm not sure. But I know Sharp Objects was released in 2015.
Yes, I do. He's written a lot of good books, including Breakfast at Tiffany's. Have you read that one?
Cold Blood is a drama. It's also considered a crime fiction.
That's a great movie. Did you like the movie because it was a sci-fi or because it was a sci-fi?
It's a great movie starring Bruce Willis. It's a great movie.
I'm not sure who directed it but Haley Joel Osment starred in it. It's a great movie.
You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote the book Twilight: The Complete Illustrated Movie companion
It's a Thriller. Do you like that genre? It's more of a Thriller.
I'm not sure, but it was written by Stephanie Meyer. She also wrote The Chemist.
You're welcome.
Sure, Martin McDonagh directed Seven Psychopaths which is a Thriller.
It's a psychological thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome
Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Leterrier. Do you like the author or the genre?
Sure! Gap Creek was released in 1973 and also has a sequel, The Heart Is.
You're welcome.
You're welcome
Rickie Fowler is an American athlete. He plays golf. Do you play the sport?
I'm not much of a Golf fan. I know Adam Sandler was in that movie too. Do you like him?
I love Julia Bowen! She's a great actress. I think she's a great actress.
She starred in The Ice Harvest and The Hunt for Red October. Have you seen either of those?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you she also starred in The Ice Harvest
The Situation is a Thriller.
The 5th Wave is a young adult fiction novel written by Rick Yancey.
Rick Yancey also released The Last Stand which was released in 2016.
The Last Star is also classified as a sci-fi film.
The Last Star is a mystery book. You may want to check it out.
You're welcome.
She's a great singer and actress. Did you know she starred in Valentine's Day?
She's also been in Valentine's Day, which was a really good one. She was also in Valentine's Day, which is a classic.
Did you know she was in Valentine's Day, which is a comedy?
I liked him in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
I have not seen it but I know it stars Hugh Jackman. Have you seen it?
Yes. If you like comedy movies, you should check out Zombieland if you like comedy.
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
Me too! Did you know he starred in Men in Black 3?
My favorite song by him is No Strings Attached.
Yes, he is very talented and he is also a model.
Do you like Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith because it is an adventure movie?
Yes he was. Nolan Gerard Funk starred in it as well.
He was in the Star Wars Episode III - Revenge of the Sith
Do you like it because it's a comedy or because it stars Adam Sandler or because it's a Thriller?
Grown Up was directed by Steven Spielberg. He also produced it
Yes he did and it was released in 2012.
your welcome
Victor Hugo is an actor who starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that movie?
The Hunchback of Notre Dame was released in 2000. It is a great read.
Yes it was. It's a great book.
Great. I'm sure you will enjoy it.
I hope you enjoy it!
Paul Thomas Anderson starred in Water for Elephants, have you seen it?
She's a great singer and singer. Did you know she was born in Los Angeles?
I don't know of any songs he's done but I do know that he's also a singer and a singer.
Yea, he's also a singer and a singer. Do you like his music?
Anthony Hopkins starred in The Salon. Have you seen that one?
Bobby is a crime fiction. Do you like those genres?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information either.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Ken Whisenhunt and owned by Bud Adams.
I'm not much of a fan of the Tennessee Titans, but I do know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Jim Caldwell.
I do, he's a great basketball player. Do you like basketball?
That's cool. Did you know he was born in Denver?
I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet Prince of Denmark was written by William Shakespeare. Have you read it?
This book was released in 1626
Great, Enjoy your reading!
I know Simona Halep plays tennis. Do you like tennis?
Yes, I like Serena Williams and Venus. Do you like them?
That's right. I think she's better than her sister Serena.
I'm not much of a fan of their coach, but I do know they are owned by Jim Caldwell.
I'm not sure, but I know he coached the Detroit Lions. He's a great player.
I'm not sure, but I do know that they won the Super Bowl XLI.
Yes, Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde. Have you read this book before?
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was released in 1886.
I'm not sure, but it was released in 1886.
If you like horror, you should check out The Passage. It was also released in 1886.
I'm not sure who stars in it, but Mervyn Peake is also in it.
Sure thing. I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
There was a movie called Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets written by J.K. Rowling starring J.K. Rowling.
Where the Wild Things Are was directed by J.K. Rowling who also wrote and directed The Amazing Spider-Man 2.
Yes! He wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
Who Moved My Cheese is written by Kenneth H. Blanchard and Kenneth H. Blanchard.
You Can Win is a Non-fiction book released in 1985.
You are welcome.
The Fountainhead was written by James Dashner. Have you read it?
She also wrote The Fountainhead. Have you read that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde?
Bram Stoker wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories.
The Girl Next Door was written by Nick Cassandra Clare. Would you like to know more about it?
He is also a film producer.
Frances Mayes wrote I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings.
Under the Tuscan Sun is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome. Enjoy the book!
Did you like the movie because it was a romance or because it was a romance?
Yes, she also wrote Go Set a Watchman
You are most welcome. Please let me know if there is anything else I can do
She also wrote Go Set a Watchman
I do. Did you know that it was written by Sofia Coppola and starred Scarlett Johansson?
I have not seen it, but I know it stars Al Pacino, who also stars in it.
If you like Al Pacino, you should check out The Godfather Part II. It stars Al Pacino.
He also stars in the movie Apocalypto.
I'm not sure, but he also starred in The Godfather Part II.
You're welcome
Seamus Heaney wrote Beowolf.
It's a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
It is written in English.
Brian Thompson starred in The Terminator and The Order. Have you seen them?
He's been in The Terminator, The Order, and The Order.
Lionheart is written and directed by Brian Thompson and also starred in The Sorcerer's Apprentice.
Simon McBurney also starred in this movie.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix also starred in the film.
You're welcome
Martin McDonagh directed Seven Psychopaths which is a Thriller.
I'm not sure, but it was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Denzel Washington.
Seven Psychopaths is a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
He's a great shooting guard. Did you know he won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award?
I'm not a huge fan of basketball but I do know that James Harden won NBA Rookie of the Year Award.
Wilson Chandler has been shooting guards for a while. My favorite team is the Redskins.
Do you like Fear because it was written by Patrick Rothfuss or because it was a Tragicomedy?
Alien is a sci-fi. Do you like sci-fi or action movies?
Yes, he is. Do you like his work? If so, he is a great actor.
I don't know if he produce anything, but he did write The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Rosie Project was written by Graeme Simsion and was released in 2013.
The Rosie Project was released in 2013, the year that released The Rosie Project.
We Are Called to Rise was released in 2012.
Antoine Fuqua wrote Olympus Has Fallen, Olympus Has Fallen, and Olympus Has Fallen.
Robert De Niro starred in Olympus Has Fallen. He also starred in The New World.
He also Produced Mary Shelley's Frankenstein.
War Inc was written by John Cusack.
Yes, I do. Did you know he starred in a movie called Friends with Benefits?
Yes, they were in another movie with Justin Timberlake called Friends with Benefits, have you seen that one?
I am not sure if he has, but Justin Timberlake also starred in Men in Black 3, have you seen it?
The Catcher in the Rye was written by J.D Salinger who also wrote Franny and Zooey.
To Kill a Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee.
Yes, Harper Lee also wrote Go Set a Watchman and Go Set a Watchman.
You're welcome.
Clockwork Angel was written by Cassandra Clare. Do you like young adult fiction?
I'm not sure. I can tell you that it was written by her.
You're welcome. Enjoy the book!
I'm not much of a baseball fan, but I do know that they are owned by George Steinbrenner.
That's right, he owns the Boston Red Sox. Do you like baseball?
I am not sure who they are prone to attack, but i know they were the runner-up in the 2008 Olympics.
I am not sure. Did you know Michael Jackson was in a movie with George Steinbrenner?
I know a lot about him. Is there anything else I can help with?
I think she's a great athlete. Did you know she plays badminton?
I didn't know that. What's your favorite sport to watch?
Ok, I'll have to check that out. Thanks for the recommendation.
I haven't seen Last Sacrifice, but I know that it is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Amazing Spider-Man was written by Stan Lee and stars Emma Stone and Emma Stone.
He also wrote The Amazing Spider-Man and The Amazing Spider-Man
Yes. Maggie Smith also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man.
Great, enjoy the movie!
Gillian Flynn wrote What Do You Do. Have you read it?
Sharp Objects is a young adult fiction book
The Innocent which was written by Gillian Flynn is a good mystery book
You are welcome
He wrote Heretics of Dune and Heretics of Dune.
Have you seen Jurassic Park? It's a good Psychological Thriller.
I'm not sure of the release date of the book but it's part of the Dune series.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like the movie because it's a romance or a mystery?
Then you might also like Zombieland starring Charlize Theron.
You're welcome.
The Eye of the World was written by Robert Jordan and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Do you like it because it's a speculative fiction?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie!
Yes, Little Miss Sunshine was written by Louisa May Alcott. She also starred in The Little Miss Sunshine.
It's a Non-Fiction, written by J.K. Rowling, and stars Jennifer Jason Leigh.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I haven't read that one, but I know it was written by Sara Gruen. Have you read it?
No, I have not read At the Water's Edge.
No, I haven't heard of it. Is it a romance novel?
I will have to check it out.
Have a good day
Have a great day!
Beautiful Disaster was written by Jamie McGuire and released in 2011. It's a great read. Have you read it?
I'm not sure of any other Jamie McGuire's work, but I know he's also a film producer. He was born in Killeen.
You are welcome.
Pulp Fiction was written by Quentin Tarantino and stars Samuel L. Jackson.
John Travolta also starred in Zombieland.
She starred in Walk the Line and Self/less. Have you seen either of those?
Sandra Ellis Lafferty also starred in the movie Walk the Line
Ok. Sandra Ellis Lafferty was also in The Last Samurai.
He's a great author. He wrote The Man in the Iron Mask. Have you read that one yet?
Isn't that a sports team?
Not really. I'm more of a baseball fan.
My favorite Lakers player is Andy Reid. Do you know who is your favorite player?
Jake Gyllenhaal wrote The Fault in Our Stars. It's a romantic comedy. Do you like his work?
Zodiac was released in 1999.
Jake Gyllenhaal was the producer. Do you know him?
Sure, have a good day!
Norton Juster wrote The Phantom Tollbooth. Have you read it?
The Golden Compass and The Looking Glass Wars are both great books.
It is. Another good book by Norton Juster is The Looking Glass.
It was released in 1961.
She wrote The Mists of Avalon and the Mists of Avalon.
The Mists of Avalon is a fantasy novel. Would you like to know more about it?
It was written by Philip Pullman who also wrote The Mists of Avalon.
You're welcome. Enjoy the books!
John Ratzenberger wrote The Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales. Have you seen it?
John Ratzenberger also starred in that movie.
It's a romantic drama. Do you like romantic drama?
You are welcome. Enjoy the movie.
He wrote Fast Food Nation: The Dark Side of the All-American Meal and The Fast and the Furious
It's a comedy-drama. Do you like those genres?
I hope you enjoy it!
I haven't seen O Brother, Where Art Thou, but I know it was written by Francis Ford Coppola and stars Tom Hanks. Have you seen it?
Yes, he also wrote The Brothers Grimm. Have you seen that one?
I am not sure, but I can tell you it was released in 2009.
You are welcome.
He was in Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi. Have you seen it?
Wally Lamb wrote The Hour I First Believed and She's Come Undone.
I don't know what year Wishin': A Christmas Story was released.
Yes, Wicked Appetite was also released in 2009. Would you like to know more about it?
I have not read any of his books, but I know he wrote The Longest Yard. Have you read that one?
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest has genre Speculative fiction. Have you read that one?
Yes, Alan Cumming also starred in The Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen that?
Do you like Leo Grisham because he starred in the movie?
Did you know he starred in the movie The Lost Symbol and in The Goonies?
There's a tv series of movies starring Kate Winslet with Kate Winslet.
I am not sure, but I know that Lukas Haas starred in a movie called The Way of the Gun.
They both starred in the movie, Whalberg: The Story of Doctor Parnassus.
You are welcome.
Yes, The Voyage of the Dawn Treader was written by J.R.R Tolkien. Have you read it?
He also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Have you read either of those?
I'm not sure, but The Silver Chair is a fantasy novel.
I know he directed District 9, a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes she did. She is also in Sleepers, a romance film.
You're welcome.
She's a singer-songwriter and singer. Did you know she was born in Los Angeles?
Call Me Maybe was stuck in the weeks ago. She's been in a lot of songs. She has been in a lot of movies. I like Teenage Dream and Teenage Dream.
You're welcome.
Javier Hernández is a soccer player for Manchester United F.C.
Javier Hernández is also on the Mexico national football team.
He is from Guadalajara, Mexico.
Bobby Farrelly wrote and directed Stuck on You. Did you know he also wrote Stuck on You?
If you like comedy movies, you should check out Zoolander. That's a great one.
That is correct. Jim Carrey stars in the movie Me, Myself & Irene, and Irene. Jim Carrey also stars in the movie Myself & Irene, which is a comedy.
You're welcome.
Yes, he plays basketball for the Chicago Bulls. Do you like basketball?
Well, he's from the Chicago Bulls. He's a point guard.
I don't really know much about basketball either. I think Derrick Rose is a great player.
Sure, it was written by Lois Lowry and it is a Speculative fiction.
Yes, she did write that one as well. Do you like her writing?
You're welcome, enjoy!
He wrote The Twits, which is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
Quentin Blake wrote The Looking Glass Wars and The Golden Compass.
Great! Anything else I can help you with?
I don't know when it was released, but it is a fantasy novel.
You're welcome.
Will Grayson was written by John Green who also wrote The Fault in Our Stars. Have you read this one yet?
The Fault in Our Stars is written by John Green. He also wrote Paper Towns.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Firm is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Last Juror is a legal thriller.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, he wrote Island and The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it was released in 1956. Would you like to know about other books released in 1956?
Yes, The Last Battle was released in 1956. Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, he wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Yes, he also wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
He also wrote The Supernaturalist: A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
You're welcome.
Mary McDonnell starred in The Awakening, a crime fiction film. Do you like that genre?
You might also enjoy the movie starring Robert Redford. It's a great movie.
That's a great movie. Did you know that Scarlett Johansson also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness?
Scoop is a war film.
David Sedaris wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames and When You Are Engulfed in Flames.
I don't know, but I do know that When You Are Engulfed in Flames is a Romance Novel.
I am not sure but I know it was also released in 2008.
You're welcome
Yes, I love her music. Did you know she was born in Rio de Janeiro?
I did, but I'm not sure about her debut album, do you know if she's on the TV?
Yes, GOD Is a Woman is a Woman, a Woman is a Woman, a Woman is a great song.
Robin Williams starred in The Matrix Revolutions and in The Matrix Revolutions
If you like comedy, you should check out The Road to El Dorado. It also stars Rob Riggle.
Yes, Leslie Dixon also starred in Zookeeper. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
Do you like it because it's a thriller, or because it stars Matt Damon?
Yes, it was directed by Quentin Tarantino. Do you like his work?
You might enjoy Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt. It is a thriller.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He wrote The Crucible and All My Sons. Have you read them?
The movie starred Christopher Bigsby and was released in 2002. Do you like his work?
He also wrote The Crucible, you might enjoy that.
Yes I can. It was written by J.R.R Tolkien and stars William Nicholson
You're welcome.
I think he's a great basketball player. Do you like him?
Isn't he a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics?
I'm not much of a basketball fan, but I know they won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award.
He's a forward. He's also from Oklahoma.
Mary Harron wrote and directed Red Riding Hood, have you seen that one?
Mary is a crime fiction film
You are welcome
It was released in 2003
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Would you like to know more about this movie?
He wrote The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Revisited, The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
He directed The Matrix Revolutions and V for Vendetta. Have you seen either of those?
He directed The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure who stars in Flightplan, but I can tell you it was written by Jennifer Jason Leigh.
It's a romance film.
He wrote The Light Between Oceans which was released in 2012.
The Light Between Oceans has genre Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I am not sure. I do know that Roland Emmerich starred in The Light Between Oceans.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
I know he was in the London 2012 Summer Olympics. Do you like his work?
Well, Andy Tennant starred in a number of movies. He's been in a number of movies, including The Incredibles and The Watcher. Have you seen those?
Fool's Gold starred Bruce Willis. It's a crime fiction film.
Yes he did. He also starred in Tin Cup. You should check that one out.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He's a great actor. He starred in The Power of Habit. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure of any books by him, but Stephen Dubner wrote Xenocide
You are welcome
Yes, I do. Did you know that Taxi Driver was written by Michael Markowitz and stars Tom Hanks?
If you like Taxi Driver, you might enjoy X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about Luis Suarez, he plays for the Uruguay national football team.
Yes, he played for Liverpool. Do you like soccer?
Yes he is. Do you know who he plays for?
The Patriots are owned by Tom Brady. They are owned by Tom Brady.
The Half-Blood Prince was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard.
I hope you enjoy it.
I'm not sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, O Brother, Where Art Thou is written by Francis Ford Coppola and it is a satire.
Troy stars in the movie Troy, Where Art Thou.
You're welcome.
You are welcome. Enjoy the movie.
A Streetcar Named Desire was written by Tennessee Williams and it's a Southern Gothic novel. Do you like books written by Tennessee Williams?
That's a great choice. It was written by Tennessee Williams who also wrote Fast Times at Ridgemont High.
It's a drama. It was released in 1904. It's about a man with a hot Tin Tin Roof.
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, Hayao Miyazaki starred in The Matrix Revolutions and in The Matrix Revolutions.
Ponyo Miyazaki also starred in The Incredible Hulk.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that he starred in a movie called Ponyo.
You're welcome.
I don't know too much about it, can you tell me more about it?
He went to the 2012 Olympics. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure. I do know that it was the same year as the Winter Olympics.
I agree. They were a pretty good team. Did you know they were owned by Bill Neukom.
I am not a huge fan of them. They were the runner-ups in Super Bowl XLIII.
Not really, I am more of a Chicago Bears fan. How about you?
I'm not much of a fan of the team, but I do know that they're coached by Louis van Gaal.
Not really. I prefer American Football. How about you?
I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. What is your favorite soccer team?
I'm not sure. It's more of a children's story, but it was written by John Green.
I'm not sure about 6th grade, but I do know it was written by Mark Twain.
You're welcome
I'm not much of a sci-fi fan, but I do know that it was released in 2012.
I'm not sure, but I know that Susannah Grant wrote The Her Shoes.
I'm not seeing anything more by her, but I can tell you that Jennifer's sister is also a film producer.
You're welcome.
She's a great writer. I'm sure you will enjoy it.
You're welcome.
Yes, Odd THomas is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
If you like thrillers, you should check out The Watchers. It's also a thriller. Do you like that genre?
Worth Dying For was written by Jennifer Jason Leigh. It's also a thriller.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
Pride and Prejudice is a romance novel, do you like romance novels?
It stars Vivica A. Fox, Jane Austen, Emma Emma, and a satire.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Titanic was directed by James Cameron. Do you like James Cameron?
If you like romance films, you might enjoy The Crucible. It's also a biography.
Yes, it was adapted from a book and was written by Veronica Roth
The Stand is a good one. Have you read it?
Me too! She starred in The Proposal and The Proposal. Have you seen those movies?
Yes, Sandra Bullock also starred in The Proposal.
The Proposal is a Romance Film
You're welcome
Agatha Christie wrote Romeo and Juliet, have you read either of these?
It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
The Secret Adversary is a good one. You should give it a try.
I liked her in The Special Relationship and The Queen. Do you like her work?
It's a good movie. It's a historical drama. Do you like those types of movies?
Both Ralph Fiennes and Mirnanda Richardson are in the movies. I highly recommend it.
John Woo directed The Woo, have you seen it?
It is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
If you like War films, you should check out Bangkok Dangerous. It's a war film.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, Madagascar has a genre of Thriller, did you like it because it was a Thriller?
I'm not sure, but I do know that he's from Madagascar.
You're welcome.
Sure, he directed The War of the Worlds. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure. I do know that he starred in The Worlds End, a horror film.
Yes, he did. Shaun of the Dead stars Zoe Saldana. It's a horror film.
I'm sure you will enjoy!
I have heard of him, he's a great player. Did you know he's from the United States of America?
Yes, he's a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks.
I'm not sure. I know he's a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks.
A Grief observed was written by C.S. Lewis and released in 1961.
He also wrote The Magician's Nephew, The Magician's Nephew, and The Horse and His Boy.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He's a great tennis player. Did you know he won the 2012 PGA Championship?
I'm not sure, but I know he's from London. Is he a celebrity?
I didn't know that. Is he a tennis player?
I'm not sure, but I do know that he is a great tennis player.
He wrote Fast Food Nation: The Dark Side of the All-American Meal.
Yes I am. He is a journalist. Do you like journalists?
Leaves of Grass is considered children's literature.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! He starred in The Skulls and The Fast and the Furious.
The Fast and the Furious is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Paul Walker stars in The Skulls with Joe Mantegna. He's a great actor.
I'm not sure, but I do know he passed away in 2004.
Peter Krause starred in The Truman Show and The Secret Life of Bees.
It's a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, Gautam Gambhir is an athlete who plays cricket for Kolkata Knight Riders.
Sure! Fannie Flagg wrote The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson, The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson, and The Puppet Master. Have you read any of those ?
Sure, it was released in 2005 and is a romance novel
I don't know of any psychological thrillers, but I can tell you that Fannie Flagg also wrote The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which is also a thriller
You're welcome
Toy Story 3 is written by Andrew Niccol and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
Yes, Andy Andy was born in Anchorage, New York. Have you seen the movie?
Well, Andy was born in Anchorage, New York. It's a Historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
Do you like Memento because it's a Romantic Comedy?
You might like Shark Night, starring Kyla Pratt. It's a psychological thriller.
I'm not sure who stars in Wicker Park, but I do know that it's a crime fiction film.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, Jean M Auel wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
You might enjoy "The Clan of the Cave Bear" or "The Plains of Passage" or "The Clan of the Cave Bear."
Yes, he also wrote "Wide Sargasso Sea" and "The Plains of Passage" if you like fiction.
You're welcome!
The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. It's a young adult fiction novel. Do you like young adult fiction?
The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. It is a young-adult fiction.
Yes he did. The Lost Hero is written by Rick Riordan.
I think he plays for FC Bayern Munich II. Do you like soccer?
I'm not much of a soccer fan either. I know he plays for the Germany national football team.
I'm not sure, but I know he plays for the Germany national football team.
I am not much of a fan of her sport. do you like soccer?
I don't follow soccer much. Who is your favorite soccer team?
Oh yeah. That's a great movie. Thanks for the recommendation.
Sara Shepard wrote How to Win Friends and Influence People.
I am not sure. However, I can tell you about Pretty Little Liars, which is also a biography.
You're welcome. Enjoy the show.
I'm not much of a fan, but I do know National Treasure was written by Orson Scott Card.
Yes that's a great movie. Did you know it was released in 2005?
Yes that's a great movie. Did you know that Kate Walsh also starred in The Princess Diaries. That's a romantic comedy.
Sure. I will do that! Enjoy!
You're welcome!
Do you like The Grapes of Wrath because it's a Speculative fiction?
It is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
The novel was released in 1971 and is in the genre of Speculative Fiction.
She's a Chelsea fan. She's married to Hayden Panettiere. She's a wonderful actress.
Oh yes, that's right. Chelsea is a Midfielder in London. Do you like football?
I'm not sure. I do know that Chelsea is part of the league.
They play in London in the Premier League in London.
I'm not much of a football fan, but I do know they won the Super Bowl XLIII Super Bowl XLIII.
Michael Henry Heim wrote Drei Kameraden, Drei Kameraden, and Drei Kameraden
Sure! Brandon Sanderson wrote Radiance, Warbreaker, Radiance, Warbreaker and more. Are you interested in any of those?
Yes, he did write that book as well as The Hero of Ages
I am not sure, but I know it was released in 2008.
You are welcome
Zodiac is a crime fiction film directed by David Fincher. Do you like crime fiction?
I don't know, but he's a great actor. He's also in The Sneephew. That's a great movie.
If you like sci-fi, you might also enjoy The Incredible Hulk or The Avengers. Have you seen those?
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Bryan Singer directed The Expendables starring Xander Berkeley. Have you seen it?
The star in X-Men 2 is Emma Stone. Do you like her?
Yes, it is a thriller starring Hugh Jackman.
I like Superhero thrillers, do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome.
Yes! That was a great movie. The movie was written by Sylvester Stallone. Do you like him?
Oh yes, he was in many movies. He was in a lot of action movies, including The Last Stand and The Incredibles. Have you seen those?
I would recommend The Avengers: Age of Ultron and The Avengers.
You're welcome, enjoy the movies!
Sure! Terry Gilliam wrote The Purpose Driven Life: What's your number?.
The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus is an American novel released in 1999.
You're welcome
You're welcome
Sure! Do you like books written by Nicholas Sparks, or do you like his books?
Have you read The Notebook or The Time Traveler's Wife? Have you read those?
The Wedding was released in 2012 and is a romance novel. Do you like romance books?
Yes. Zane Grey is a romance novel like The Longest Yard.
You're welcome.
Do you like The Wolf of Wall Street because it stars Leonardo DiCaprio or because it's a crime fiction?
Sure. Mastering the Art of French Cooking was released in 1999 and is also a film directed by Peter Hyams.
Great, enjoy the movies!
The Clan of the Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Three Musketeers.
Then you might enjoy The Clan of the Cave Bear. It's also a Historical novel.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Callum Rennie starred in eXistenZ and The Young and Prodigious T.S. Spivit. Have you seen those?
Callum Rennie starred in eXistenZ.
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was written by Vladimir Nabokov. He also wrote Lolita.
It was written by Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and was released in 1886.
Great! Some other great novels you might enjoy include The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, and Mrs. Hyde.
Sure! Gillian Flynn wrote Dark Places and also wrote The Mists of Avalon which is a mystery novel. Do you like mystery novels?
Sure, The Scar is written by Leigh Brackett and it is a fiction novel released in 2002.
The Theory of Everything was directed by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Do you like his work?
Yes, he directed The Theory of Everything. Have you seen that one?
The King and Man on Wire is a horror/mystery movie released in 2002.
Total Recall is written by Roland Emmerich. Would you like to know more about this book?
He was in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that movie?
He was in The Car and The Beast Within You was a movie he was in.
You are welcome.
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde?
Vanishing Acts is considered a horror novel. Do you like horror novels?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Brave was written and directed by Mark Twain. He also produced the movie Brave. Have you seen it?
There's another great movie with the same genre that comes to mind that you might like. It's also a family movie.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
He is a soccer player for Real Madrid C.F. and Fluminense FC. Do you like soccer?
I'm not sure about that. I don't know much about soccer.
Yes that's correct. Do you know who he plays with?
I think he's a great writer. He wrote Unfinished Tales of Nmenor and Middle-Earth. Have you read them?
Yes. If you like drama, you might enjoy The Maze Runner. Have you seen that one?
It's a good one. It's considered a drama and a mystery.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I don't know much about cricket, but I know he plays for the Mumbai Indians.
Yes, it is. Do you know who is in the team?
I am not a fan. I do know that when they play at Wankhede Stadium is okay.
She wrote If You Take a Mouse to the Movies and If You Give a Pig a Party. Have you read them?
Yes. It was released in 1985. If You Give a Mouse a Cookie was also released that year.
I am not sure. I do know If You Give a Mouse a Cookie was released in 1985.
You are most welcome. Enjoy!
I know of Simone Elkeles. He's a tennis player. Do you like him?
I'm not sure, but Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction.
Perfect Chemistry is a great book by Simone Elkeles.
Harold Ramis was in Stripes. He was also in The Fault in Our Stars.
Harold Ramis is in some great comedy movies. If you like comedy, you should check out Zoolander. Have you seen that one?
Groundhog Day is a comedy movie. Groundhog Day is a comedy movie.
Yes, he wrote the book Steve Jobs Jobs and he also wrote The Matrix Revolutions. Have you read it?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that book. Can I tell you more about books like Wither?
Sure! Lauren DeStefano also wrote A Thousand Splendid Suns, and A Thousand Splendid Suns.
Yes, he wrote The Night Circus. Have you read it?
The Last Song was written by Nicholas Sparks and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, a book called True Believer by Nicholas Sparks was released in 2013 as a movie called True Believer.
Nicholas Sparks also wrote The Last Song and it was released in 2013.
It's a fiction novel.
You're welcome
I'm not much of a fan of the cowboys, but I do know that they're owned by Jim Caldwell.
That's amazing. Did you know that he was born in Pennsylvania?
Yeah, they're great. Did you know their home venue is at the AT&T Stadium?
Yuvraj Singh is an Indian cricketer who plays for Pune Warriors in India.
Yes, he was in Slumdog Millionaire.
If you like horror films, you should check out The Road to El Dorado. It's a great movie.
Are you looking for books written by Harper Lee or books by the same author?
No. The Twits was written by Harper Lee
You are welcome.
I think she's a great athlete. Did you know she plays badminton?
No, I don't know much about him. What sport does he play?
Yes, I like Serena Williams. She's a great athlete.
Adam Levine starred in The Other Guys and The Other Guys. Have you seen either of those?
I'm not sure about her but I know he's a singer-songwriter.
I don't know anyone on that label, but I know Adam Levine dated Toby Jones.
Kick Ass starred Nicolas Cage. Do you like his movies?
It is a crime fiction. Do you like crime fiction?
I'm not sure but Nicolas Cage directed it.
Nicolas Cage starred in The Manchurian Candidate, Lord of War, and Lord of War.
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a drama and The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a drama.
He directed The Sorcer's Apprentice and Lord of War.
You're welcome.
I like him, he's a great singer. Did you know he's also a musician?
Zakir Hussain is a very talented singer. I know he is also a musician.
I'm not sure, but I know he's also a musician.
Sure. Do you like thrillers? If so, you might enjoy The Incredibles.
She's a great actress. She's also in The Expendables and Insomnia. Have you seen them?
It's a good movie. It's about a mystery. It's also a thriller.
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, Gangs of New York is written by Joel Coen. Do you like his work?
Yes, Liam Neeson also starred in What to Expect When You're Expecting, which is also a romantic comedy.
Sure. Schindler's List is also a historical drama. It also stars Ralph Fiennes.
You're welcome.
Do you like the book because it's a satire or because it's a satire?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on any other books similar to that.
Great. If you like Fiction, you should also try Zoe's Tale and Z for Zachariah.
You're welcome.
Sure! The Adventures of Tom Sawyer is a children's literature book written by Mark Twain. It is also a children's literature.
Sure! Lucia Graves wrote La sombra del viento, El otoo del chivo and La sombra del chivo. Have you read either of those ?
I don't have any additional information on that book, but it was released in 2015.
Awesome. I will add it to your list.
You're welcome.
Lady Gaga is an actress who starred in The Muppets. Have you seen that movie?
I don't know when it was released, but it was a great song.
She starred in the Muppets, along with Lady Gaga
Lady Gaga starred in the movie The Muppets
I'm not much of a fan of their coach, but I do know they're owned by Jim Caldwell.
I think Lamar Jackson is a good quarterback. I think he's from the United States.
I hope you enjoy the show.
Sure! Do you like Spirit Bound because it's a paranormal romance?
Other books by Richelle Mead include the Vampire Academy and Shadow Kiss. Would you like to know more about these?
The Fault in Our Stars has a great cast consisting of young adult fiction, young adult fiction, and children's literature.
Other books in that genre include Paper Towns and Looking for Alaska.
Yes, it was written by Lois Lowry.
He also wrote The Green Hornet and The Green Hornet.
The genre for The Giver is a Young-adult fiction.
Sure, Christopher Bigsby wrote The Crucible and All My Sons.
Have you read The House of Mirth? It is a great book.
Do you like Moonrise Kingdom because it's a romance novel?
He wrote Inglourious Basterds, and The Devil's Advocate. Have you read either of those?
It's a great movie. It's also a film starring Reese Witherspoon.
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it was written by Quentin Tarantino. Do you like his work?
It stars Roger Avary and was released in 2006. It's a drama film.
Roger Avary also wrote The Passage. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure, but I know Silent Hill came out in 2004.
I love her! She starred in A View to a Kill. Have you seen it?
She's been in some great movies. She's been in a number of movies. She's been in a number of things, including The Good Doctor and The Handmaid's Tale.
You're welcome. Enjoy your movie.
I'm not a big fan of Lady Gaga. But I know she starred in The Muppets and The Muppets.
I don't know of any of her music, but I do enjoy listening to it. What's your favorite song of hers?
I'm not sure, but it's pretty catchy. She's a great singer.
Colleen McCullough wrote The Thorn Birds and The First Man in Rome.
The Thorn Birds was released in 2002 and The First Man in Rome was released in 2015.
The First Man in Rome was written by Colleen McCullough and was released in 1977.
Alison Doody starred in A View to a Kill and A View to a Kill. Have you seen either of those?
The Last Crusade came out in 1997 and was written by Andrew Niccol
The Last Crusade also stars Danny DeVito and Danny DeVito.
You are welcome
Have you read J.K. Rowling's entire Harry Potter series?
Have you read Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets or The Fault in Our Stars?
You're welcome
Daphne du Maurier wrote Rebecca as well as Rebecca. Do either of those interest you?
Rebecca was released in 1938.
No. I'm not sure.
I do! He wrote The Muse and it's a Historical Fiction. Do you like Historical Fiction?
The Muse is a great movie. He also starred in The Muse. Have you seen that one?
I do! If you like Joe Pesci, you should definitely check out The Muse.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Do you like Despicable me 2 because it's a family movie?
Yes, Steve Carell brings to the movie out. Did you know he also stars in the movie?
You're welcome.
Wilson Rawls wrote A Clockwork Orange and The Improbable Adventures of Sherlock Holmes. Have you read either of those?
Susan Meissner wrote a series of novels. If you enjoy his novels, you might enjoy The Notebook. It's a great read.
You are welcome.
You are welcome.
The Terminator is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I'm not sure, but Will Smith also starred in The Matrix Revolutions.
You're welcome.
I'm not much of a fan of their coach, but I do know they are owned by Jim Caldwell.
That's a great thing, I'm not a Patriots fan, but Tom Brady was in the Superbowl as well.
That's true. Wesley Snipes is also on the team!
John Lennon wrote Yellow Submarine. Yellow Submarine is starring Jim Carrey. What do you think?
John Lennon also wrote Go Set a Watchman.
Ant Man was written by Stan Lee who also wrote The Manchurian Candidate.
Some comedies that you might enjoy are Transformers, Transformers, Transformers and Transformers.
You may enjoy The Passage or The Passage if you like drama.
You are welcome. Enjoy the movie.
You're welcome.
Pearl Harbor was released in 2002. It's a Romance film. Do you like Romance films?
I am not sure, but I can tell you that Pearl Harbor was also a movie starring Jennifer Garner.
I haven't seen it but I know it was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like his work?
There is a sequel.
It was written by J.K. Rowling.
You are welcome.
Isn't he a point guard for the Golden State Warriors?
I'm not much of a basketball fan. Is he a good player?
I'm not sure, but Steve James James also starred in The Warrior's Way.
I've seen Space Jam. It's a comedy starring Steve Kerr.
Rebecca Skloot wrote The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is a Biography.
You're welcome.
The Denver Broncos are owned by Jim Caldwell.
The Packer is a football team.
I like basketball. What is your favorite sport to watch?
Robert Duvall starred in The Apostle. Have you seen that?
The Apostle is a Romance film. If you like Romance films, you should check out The Apostle. It stars Timothy Spall.
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie.
He's a snowboarder. Did you know that he's from the United States?
He did. He's a great actor. He's a great actor. He was also in The Birdhouse Skateboards.
He's also starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. Have you seen it?
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
Philip K. Dick also wrote The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions. Have you read either of these?
The Adjustment Bureau is starring Philip K. Dick. Philip K. Dick also stars in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I do! He's a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
Yes, he is a quarterback for the New England Patriots.
I have not seen that one. I know he is a great actor. I think he's a great actor.
I know that Last Sacrifice is a young adult fiction book written by Paulo Coelho. Have you read it?
I'm not sure. I know it was released in 2013
I'm not sure about that one, but i know that Last Sacrifice is part of a series
You are welcome
Do you like Young-adult fiction? I would recommend The Giver.
It's young adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Do you like the book because it is a satire or a satire?
He also wrote Speculative Fiction and Children's literature.
Another great children's book by Eric Carle is The Invisibles.
He also wrote The Fault in Our Stars and The Handmaid's Tale.
Yes. He also wrote The Importance of Being Earnest, which is also a fiction book.
You're welcome
Bruce Greenwood starred in The Republic of Love. Have you seen it?
Jackie Burroughs also starred in The Republic of Love. Do you like her movies?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He's a quarterback for the Green Bay Packers. Do you like football?
I'm not sure, but I know Aaron Rodgers won the Packers Championship.
Mike McCarthy also plays for the Green Bay Packers.
Yes, she wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read either of these?
The Historian also wrote The Scarlett Johansson. Have you read that one?
I don't know of any other books by her but I do know that Zola is a French author.
You're welcome.
That's a great book. Do you like books written by A Little Princess because it's a fiction?
Yes, that's a great example of children's literature written by John Updike. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes it is. It was released in 2008.
You are welcome, enjoy!
I'm not much of a basketball fan. I prefer the Dallas Cowboys though. How about you?
I'm not sure. But I know he's from the Portland Trail Blazers.
I don't know much about the Freaks, but I do know that he's from the United States.
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets was written by J.K. Rowling.
Yes he did Wonder Boys was released in 2001.
I'm not sure. I do know that Linkin Park is together. Isn't that a romantic comedy?
The Road was written by Paulo Coelho who also wrote Lord of the Flies. Have you read that one ?
If you enjoy Post-Apocalyptic fiction, you might enjoy The Fault in Our Stars or The Passage.
Zoe's Tale was written by John Scalzi and is a Speculative fiction.
He's mainly a science fiction writer. He is also a teacher.
Yes he does. He is also a scientist and a scientist.
You're welcome.
The Terminal stars Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
Larry Crowne also stars Tom Hanks and it's a Historical period drama.
It's a Romantic Comedy starring Tom Hanks.
You're welcome, enjoy!
She's an actress who starred in Thirteen Days. Have you seen that movie?
She's a great actress. She's also been on a few TV shows, like Valentine's Day. Have you seen it?
I'm not a huge fan of the show but I do know that he's married to Emma Stone. Do you like her?
I'm not sure, but I do know that Tina also starred in The Invention of Lying.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that he was born in Rochester.
I know a little about her. She's an athlete who plays football. Do you like soccer?
I'm not sure, but I know he's also a football player.
Yes, she's a woman. What sport do you like?
I love her song Your Love is My Drug. How about you?
I don't know much about her music. I do know that she's from India. What's her music?
Oh yes, I like Yellow Submarine. What is your favorite song of his?
Yes, she wrote Go Ask Alice. Have you read it?
It was. It was released in 2002.
I'm not sure about that. I do know it was written by Beatrice Sparks and released in 1997.
You're welcome.
Ray Bradbury wrote The Martian Chronicles and The Illustrated Man. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it's a short stories. Do you enjoy that genre?
They are, and Wintersmith was written by Ray Bradbury. Have you read them?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He directed Freakonomics. He also directed Freakonomics.
Freakonomics starred Matt Damon and Josh Brolin. Do you like them?
He plays for the Real Madrid C.F. and the Portugal national football team
Yes, he is. Do you know of any other sports he plays?
Yes, that's correct. I'm not sure. Is she a celebrity?
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
Absolutely! Arnold Schwarzenegger also stared in The Terminator and The Order. Have you seen those?
Mark Wahlberg and Arnold Schwarzenegger also star in it.
Yes, Ella Enchanted is starring Zoey Deutch
It is genre Speculative fiction
Yes, it is available to watch
You are welcome
Irwin kershner starred in Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi.
The Return of a Man Called Horse also starred Phyllida Law.
William Lucking also starred in The Return of a Man Called Horse.
He wrote Madame Bovary. Have you read that one?
It was released in 1856.
Zoe's Tale was released in 1886.
Zoe's Tale is a Speculative Fiction.
That movie was written by Kurt Wimmer and stars Kurt Vonnegut Jr..
Yes he was. It was directed by Kurt Wimmer
No I haven't. What genre are you looking for?
Heart of Darkness is written by Joseph Conrad and is a Fiction Novel.
Paul Theroux wrote The Portable Atheist and The Secret Agent.
Yes. It's a great book.
J.M. Barrie wrote Peter pan
It was released in 1904
No, there is no more information on that author.
It was written in English and released in 1904.
You're welcome
Sure! Emily Bronte wrote The House at Pooh Corner and The Fault in Our Stars.
Well, Wuthering Heights is considered a Gothic Fiction Novel. Would you like to know more about it?
Done! Enjoy them!
Jeremy Tambling wrote a book called David Copperfield. Have you read it?
He also wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop.
You're welcome! Have a great day.
Blood Promise is a young adult fiction novel written by Richelle Mead. Do you like young adult fiction?
It was written by Richelle Mead.
I'm not sure but it is a young adult fiction.
You're welcome. I'm sure you will enjoy The Maze Runner.
Stan Wawrinka is a tennis player. He played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
I am not a huge fan of tennis but I do enjoy watching Serena Williams play.
That's amazing. Do you know of any other sports you enjoy?
Blake Griffin is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Do you like basketball?
I'm not familiar with his work. Is he a forward?
Yes, I think he is taller than me haha. I think he's 10 years old.
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
The Chronicles of Narnia series is similar.
You are welcome.
Yes, The Help was written by Kirsten Dunst and a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, she's a great actress. She was also in The Help, which is a biography.
Viola Davis starred in The Help, which is a crime fiction film. She also starred in The Help. Have you seen it?
Sure, Joseph Kosinski wrote The Fifth Element. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure, but Joseph Kosinski wrote and directed it.
That's awesome! Did you know he's from the United States?
You're welcome. Enjoy the movies!
He wrote The Water is Wide, have you heard of it?
Yes. Pat Conroy is a writer and he wrote The Water is Wide
I'm not sure. But I know she was born in Los Angeles and has written a lot of books.
Wise Blood is a fiction novel.
You're welcome
She starred in the movie Aliens. Have you seen it?
Bill Paxton has been in such films as The Road to Little Dribbling and The Golden Compass. Have you seen those?
Tombstone also stars Jennifer Jason Leigh. Do you like her work?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to know more about this book?
Pride and Prejudice was also written by Jane Austen. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards, Rules of Attraction, and Wild Cards.
Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards, Rules of Attraction, and Wildwood Dancing. Have you read any of these books?
You're welcome. Enjoy the books!
Paul Verhoeven starred in RoboCop starring Robert Duvall.
He was also a director. He directed The Last Stand.
Total Recall is a 2004 American crime thriller film directed by Roland Emmerich.
You're welcome.
Snow White and the Huntsman was written by John Lee Hancock. Do you like his work?
I'm sure you'll enjoy it. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't know, but I do know that it stars Ralph Fiennes who is also a great actor.
I don't know of any other actors in this movie, but Snow White and the Huntsman are in it.
I'm sure you will enjoy it.
The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies was written by Rick Riordan. Would you like to know more about this movie?
You might enjoy The Looking Glass Wars. It was written by Frank Beddor.
The Golden Compass was written by Philip Pullman and stars Sam Elliot.
You're welcome.
You are welcome.
Collateral directed Collateral, starring Tom Cruise. Do you like his movies?
Yes, he did. It was released in 2012. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
If you enjoyed that, you should check out The Proposal. It's also written by Michael Mann.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
Tom Cruise starred in that movie. Would you like to know more about this movie?
Sean Harris also stars in the movie The People Speak.
You are welcome.
Yes, they are owned by Bill Neukom. Do you like baseball?
Oh yes, 2014 was a great year for the Giants!
I'm more of a baseball fan. What is your favorite team?
Denzel Washington and James Wilcox star in the Equalizer.
Sure! She was in The Matrix Revolutions, The Perfect Storm, and The Giver. Have you seen any of those?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you The Eye was released in 1999.
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie!
Yes, Ma Long is a table tennis athlete from China. Are you a fan?
Yes, he's from China. He's a great athlete.
Yes! Zhang Ziyi also starred in Iron Man 2. Have you seen that one?
Well, Guy Cardwell wrote The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, and The Adventures of Tom Sawyer. Have you read any of these?
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer is similar. Would you like to know more about this book?
You may enjoy Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
He wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Have you read it?
No problem.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen who also wrote Pride and Prejudice.
Pride and Prejudice and Zombies. Have you read them?
Persuasion is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
The Hunt for Red October was written by Tom Clancy and was released in 2001. He also wrote The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October
The genre is Romance and Historical Fiction.
You're welcome.
Ben Stiller wrote Zookeeper. Have you seen that one?
Owen Wilson is hilarious in Zoolander. Did you know he also starred in The Incredibles?
Yes, he was. He also starred in The Royal Tenenbaums.
I hope you enjoy it.
My favorite Britney Spears song is What's your favorite?
That's a great idea. Did you know she was born in Los Angeles?
Did you know that Britney Spears has also starred in a movie called Friends with Benefits?
The Terminal is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
It's a great book. Catch Me If You Can was released in 2012. It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, they are, I am not a big fan of Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure. Steve McQueen directed The Matrix Revolutions and The Other Guys. Have you seen them?
I don't know, but I do know it was written and directed by Steve McQueen and released in 2002.
The Towering Inferno was directed by Steve McQueen, who also starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader.
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie!
Heart of Darkness is written by Joseph Conrad. Do you like his work?
The author of Grouchy Ladybug is J.K. Simmons.
The Very Hungry Caterpillar is a picture book written by Eric Carle.
That is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz was released in 1937.
The writer of this movie is John Steinbeck
Yes it was written and directed by Ken Daurio
Sure, enjoy the movie!
I'm not familiar with him but I know he plays for the Argentina national football team.
Yes, it is. It's such a great movie. It's hilarious!
I agree! He's such a great player. I wonder if he's from Belgium.
Yes, Tom Hanks is the lead. Did you know he also starred in Larry Crowne?
He was in Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi. Have you seen it?
Will do. Hope you enjoy it.
He directed The Perks of Being a Wallflower. Have you seen it?
The Perks of Being a Walflower stars Denzel Washington.
Yes. Emma Watson starred in it.
I'm not sure, but he did direct The Perks of Being a Walflower.
You are welcome.
Yes, it was written by Rick Riordan and stars Tom Cruise. Have you seen it?
Tom Cruise also stars in Mrs. Doubtfire. Have you seen this movie?
Andres Iniesta is a soccer player from Spain. Do you like soccer?
I'm not much of a baseball fan, but I do know that they're owned by Magic Johnson.
Yes, they are a goof team. Do you like the Astros?
That's correct. They were the runner-ups in Super Bowl XLIII.
I'm sure it will be fun to watch. I'm more of a baseball fan.
The Devil Wears Prada was written by Meg Cabot. Do you like her work?
Aline Brosh McKenna is also a model. You might enjoy The Way of the Gun and The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen them?
I hope you enjoy it.
Sure, Patrick McGoohan starred in Treasure Planet and The Phantom.
Yes, Martin Short starred in it as well as Patrick McGoohan.
The Legend of Zorro is a romance film released in 2002 released in 2002.
Sure, he directed The Hunt for Red October and The Punisher. Have you seen those?
It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I'm not sure, but if you like thrillers, you should check out Shark Night.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes I do. She wrote The Good Earth which is a Historical period drama.
Yes, it is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, it is. Do you like movies with Pearl S. Buck?
You are welcome.
They're a great basketball team. Do you like basketball?
I'm a huge sports fan. I'm also a tennis fan.
I love watching tennis, how about you?
He directed Little Miss Sunshine. Have you seen it?
He also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
It stars a few great actors such as Jennifer Lawrence and Liam Neeson. It's a romantic comedy.
Alan Arkin also starred in The Secret Life of Bees, another great one.
Yes, she is. She is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Her current ranking is No. 1 on the WTA Tour.
You are welcome.
David Oliver Relin wrote Three Cups of Tea, a satire.
Sure! Ralph Steadman wrote The Subterraneans which is a Speculative fiction. Have you read it?
I'm not sure, but Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas was also released in 1971.
You're welcome.
The genre is Speculative fiction do you enjoy that genre?
She also wrote The Two Princesses of Bamarre, Fairest and Ella Enchanted, have you read them?
The Two Princesses of Bamarre is a fantasy novel, do you like fantasy books?
The Two Princesses of Atuan is a fantasy novel written by Gail Carson Levine. It's part of a series.
I'm not much of a fan of their coach, but I do know they won the Super Bowl XLIII Super Bowl XLIII.
Yes he does, do you know who he is?
Yes, he was a free agent too.
Isn't he a soccer player? I know he plays for the Argentina national football team.
He's on the Argentina national football team. He's on the Argentina national football team.
I agree. He's very strong. He's also a forward.
Sure! Do you like books written by Jeff Kinney? He also wrote The Long Haul.
I'm not sure, but it is a romantic comedy. Do you enjoy that genre?
You're welcome. Enjoy your reading!
Apocalypto was written by Francis Ford Coppola and is a Speculative fiction.
He wrote The Proposal and Apocalypto. Have you seen them?
It stars Christo Jivkov and it is a historical period drama.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like the genre because it's a Speculative fiction?
Well, it was written by Veronica Roth. She also wrote The Diary of a Young Girl. Have you read that one?
You're welcome
Yes,It was written by Veronica.
PS, I Love You is written by Cecelia Ahern. It's also a romance novel.
She also wrote Where Rainbows End was released.
It is a romance novel.
I would recommend Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, it is a great movie.
The Golden Compass is written by Philip Pullman and stars Sam Elliot.
Philip Pullman wrote and directed The Golden Compass. Do you like his movies?
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie!
He directed Cutthroat Island and The Long Kiss Goodnight. Have you seen them?
Yes, she was in it as well as The Long Kiss Goodnight.
The Long Kiss Goodnight also starred Charlize Theron.
You are welcome.
Yes, I like her song Wild Ones. Have you heard of it?
I like Shakira moretho, she's also a singer and a songwriter.
That's right. Did you know that Ricky Martin is also a singer?
It was written by Jojo Moyes. Do you like Jojo Moyes? He also wrote Before You.
Me Before You was written by Joss Whedon, who also wrote The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen that one?
It's a great movie. It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I don't know much about her, other than she's a tennis player. Do you like her?
I am not familiar with her but I know Venus Williams is a great tennis player.
I agree. Do you know who is on the team?
I'm not much of a basketball fan, but I do know that they're owned by Woody Allen. Are you a fan?
Oh yea he is a good. I think he is from the United States.
Oh yeah, that's a classic. I remember when he was in a movie called Space Jam
I know that he's an athlete on the Wales national football team. Do you like football?
Not really. I am a Manchester United fan. Do you watch football?
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
He wrote The Water is Wide and The Water is Wide. Have you read either of those?
The Water is Wide
Yes, Pat Conroy wrote The Water is Wide
You are welcome
The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. Do you like Young adult fiction?
The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Kurt Wimmer. Would you like to know more about it?
The Battle of the Labyrinth is a Speculative fiction.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, it's a great book written by Mickey Knox.
Once Upon a Time in the West was written by Mickey Knox and it is also a Speculative fiction.
Well, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly is also a remake of The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
It was written by Cassandra Clare and starred Scarlett Johansson.
Well, if you like drama, you should check out Zombieland if you like that.
The Manchurian Candidate was released in 1999 and was directed by Paul McCartney.
Yes, the older version was released in 2002.
Did you like the Revenant because it stars Tom Hardy or because it is a crime fiction?
Yes, he's a singer-songwriter. He's also a musician and a musician.
Yes, he is a DJ. He's also a musician and a musician.
I think Andy Murray is a great athlete, but I don't know much about him. I think he's a great athlete.
I like tennis. Do you know who is your favorite player?
I'm not sure who is in the dream. Do you know of any tennis players?
Sylvia Day wrote You Again. Have you read this one yet?
The genre is young adult fiction
You are welcome
Rob Riggle starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys.
Anne Marie is a singer. She sings a lot of pop and hip hop. Do you like hip hop?
Did you know that she's from the UK?
I do like Sia Furler, but I'm more of a Justin Timberlake fan. Do you know if he's from there?
Well, I'm not sure. I'm more of a Taylor Swift fan. I don't think she's a great artist.
Isn't he a cricket player?
Oh yeah, he's a boxer. Do you know who he is?
Yes, she was in that movie as well.
Bob Peck starred in Jurassic Park and Jurassic Park. Have you seen those?
Yes, Bill Paxton starred in Sense of Snow, as well as as Jurassic Park.
Yes, that is a great movie. Kevin Costner stars in it as well. Have you seen it?
1989 was the year that released You Are Not So Smart was released.
Do you like the movie because it's a fantasy?
The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey is a great movie. Have you seen it?
It's a great movie. It's also a fantasy movie.
I'm not sure, but I know Kevin Zegers starred in Zombieland as well as in it.
You're welcome
Can You Keep a Secret was written by Sophie Kinsella and was released in 2003.
Sophie Kinsella wrote Wedding Night, Twenties Girl
Then you might like The Undomestic Goddess written by Emma Corrigan. It's a good read.
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome.
I know he plays cricket and was born in Chennai
I'm not a fan of cricket but I do know that he plays for the India national cricket team.
I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm more of a baseball fan.
Sure! Did you like Sharp Objects because it was written by Gillian Flynn or because it was a Suspense/Mystery?
I'm not sure, but Gillian Flynn also wrote Sharp Objects. Have you read other books by her?
It was released in 2015. It's a good read.
Sure. Dominic Copper starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, X-Men: Days of Future Past, and in the PGA Tour.
Yes, it's a musical. Do you like musicals?
Tom Hanks also starred in it. Do you know him?
You're welcome.
Anne Marie is a singer. She is also a singer. Do you like singers?
I'm not much of a baseball fan, but I do know that they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
My favorite team is the Red Sox. Do you have a favorite team?
I've never been to a game at Candlestick Park. I've been to the Seattle Seahawks while he was there.
Who is your favorite player on the team?
It came out in 1999. That's a great time to watch.
Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger.
Wayside School is Falling Down is another popular one by Sachar, have you read that one?
Wayside School is Falling Down is a fiction book
Yes Phil Mickelson is a top golfer. Did you know he won the 2007 PGA Championship?
Yes he does, he is a great golfer. Did you know Phil Mickelson won the 2005 PGA Championship?
Yes, he was. I liked The Walking Dead. Have you seen Entourage? It is a drama.
Weeds is a great movie. Enjoy!
The Time Machine and The Invisible Man is written by H.G. Wells.
The Time Machine was released in 2002 and The Invisible Man was released in 2002.
No, I haven't seen Caddyshack. Did you know it was also made into a movie starring Bill Murray?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The movie A Space Odyssey stars Tom Hanks and Jennifer Jason Leigh.
I do like James Harden, he's a great shooting guard. Do you like him?
I'm not sure. I know he's a great shooting guard.
You are welcome. Have a good day.
I'm not a huge baseball fan, but I do know they won the World Series in 2012.
Well, from what I've heard, they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLIII.
I'm not much of a baseball fan, but I do know that the team is owned by George Steinbrenner.
Psycho is written by Quentin Tarantino. It is also a psychological thriller.
i'm sorry, I don't have that information. what genre are you looking for?
I am not sure, but he did write and directed it. I do know he's also a writer.
Is that a team coached by Ryan Giggs?
Yes he is. Do you know who he is?
I'm not sure about Greg Schiano, but he's a good actor.
Do you like it because it's a family movie?
He also starred in the movie The Expendables, have you seen that one?
It's a great movie. It stars Sylvester Stallone and it's a comedy.
You are welcome. Enjoy the movie.
Michael Crichton wrote a book called The Truth About Forever, a romance novel.
The Great Train Robbery is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I'm not sure, but I know he directed The Good Doctor. Have you seen it?
It stars Vivica A. Fox
He also starred in The Good Doctor
Yes it was written by Jane Austen and it's a satire.
Pride and Prejudice is a romance novel.
You should check out Romeo and Juliet. It's a satire.
The Time Machine was written by H.G Wells, who also wrote The Invisible Man.
Sure! Colin Trevorrow directed Jurassic Park. Have you seen it?
Jurrasic World is a romance film. Do you like romance films?
If you like thrillers, you should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He's a great actor. He starred in The Rules of Attraction, and The Rules of Attraction.
That's a great movie. Did you know that Patsy Kensit also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
It's a drama. Do you like dramas?
That's great. Did you know that The Curious Case of Benjamin Button was released in 2002?
I'm not much of a football fan, but I do know that they're owned by Jim Caldwell.
I don't know. But, Rowdy's number one is Rango.
The number one Cowboys have had was at the AT&T Stadium in Dallas.
Irwin kershner directed The Last Samurai and The Last Samurai
Star wars Episode V starred Harrison Ford and was directed by Romeo and Juliet.
I'm not sure about Sean Connery, but I know he starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back.
Gillian Flynn
Gillian Flynn also wrote The Blind Side and Dark Places. Have you read those?
I do. Other authors similar to Gillian Flynn are Stephenie Meyer and Stephen Fry.
Yes, I agree. He is a great writer.
Yes I do. I really enjoyed the movie What Do You Do.
Great. Have a great day.
I know he plays cricket and is from India. Do you like cricket?
I don't know much about him other than he plays cricket. Do you like cricket?
I'm not a huge fan of Cricket, but I do know that he plays for the Royal Challengers.
I've been to a Miami Marlons game, but never heard of it. Have you?
I'm a huge fan of tennis. I'm also a huge fan of the sport.
You're welcome.
I know they're owned by Leslie Alexander. Are you a fan of them?
Looper is a drama. Do you like dramas? If so, it is also a movie.
Great. If you like Warlock, you should check out Zombieland as well.
It's a zombie movie. If you like zombie movies, you should check out Zombieland.
You might also check out Zombieland. It's a great movie.
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like his work?
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is a good one. You might enjoy it.
Erich Maria Remarque wrote Im Westen nichts Neues and Drei Kameraden.
I'm not sure, but I know this book was released in 2002 and was written in English.
I'm not sure of when they were published. I know they were written in English.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I think she's a great tennis player. Did you know she's dating Rory McIlroy?
She plays tennis. Do you like tennis?
I know that Williams sisters are a great tennis player. Do you know anything about them?
I love tennis. Do you have a favorite team?
I love fashion. I'm a huge fan of fashion.
Yes, I do. Did you know it was written by Tennessee Williams and stars Tom Hanks?
The main character in the movie is Tennessee Williams
Yes, he also wrote The Glass Menagerie
You are welcome
In the Woods was written by Tana French and it is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Novel genre is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
I know a little about him, he's a writer. He wrote The Fault in Our Stars and The Handmaid's Tale.
He's been in many movies including The Incredibles and The Road to El Dorado. Have you seen those?
Harsh Times is starring Tim Robbins and Rupert Graves.
He also starred in The Matrix Revolutions and Harsh Times.
You are welcome
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
The Vikings are 2nd in the NFC North. They are 3rd in the AFC North.
My husband is a big fan. My husband is a Dallas Cowboys fan. How about you?
Well, he's most recent. He's been in several movies. He's been in a number of films. He's been in a number of movies. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, Justin Timberlake starred in the film.
Social Network is a biographical film
The Social Network was released in 2010.
It's a biography.
2010 is also a film written and directed by Alex Garland.
You're welcome
Sure, Ang Lee starred in Hollywood Chinese and The Ice Storm. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, Joan Allen wrote The Ice Storm and also starred in The Cuckoo's Calling.
He also wrote The Ice Storm and The Secret Life of Bees.
Brisingr was written by Christopher Paolini and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
Brisingr is a young-adult fiction novel. Would you like to know more about this novel?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Throne of Glass was written by Sarah J Maas and released in 2012. She also wrote Assassin and the Underworld.
I'm not sure, but Sarah J Maas also wrote Assassin's Blade.
Glad I could help. Enjoy!
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that it was released in 1817.
No. I have not read that one. Is it a romance novel?
I know that Saina Nehwal is an athlete that plays badminton.
I'm not sure, but I know she plays for the Indian national team.
I'm not sure, but I do know that it was played in the NFC South.
Do you like Blink: The Power of Thinking Without Thinking because it's a Non-fiction book?
Martin McDonagh directed Seven Psychopaths which is also a Thriller.
Yes he was. He is a scientist as well.
He directed The Devil Wears Prada. Did you know that he is also a scientist?
Robin Williams starred in the movie The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen it?
Have you seen Mrs. Doubtfire? It's a great family movie.
We Bought A Zoo stars Jim Carrey, who also stars in the film.
Will do. Enjoy!
Homer wrote The Simpsons and also wrote The Day the Earth Stood Still. Have you read either of those?
Another example of Epic Poetry is The Iliad. Have you read it?
I'm sorry, I don't have any suggestions for poetry.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they won the Super Bowl XLIII Championship.
That's right. Did you know they won Superbowl XV was a while ago?
I'm not sure. I do know that they won the Super Bowl XLVII though.
The Proposal is written by Sandra Bullock and stars Tom Cruise.
She starred in The Proposal and also in The Proposal
I'm not sure about the proposal but I do know that Sandra Bullock also starred in the movie The Blind Side.
Have you read The Sum of All Fears or The Hunt for Red October?
It was released in 2008. It's a great book.
Yes it was written by Tom Clancy and released in 2010.
I'm not much of a basketball fan, but I do know that they're owned by Woody Allen.
The team is owned by Woodson
The team is a part of the NFC North division
You're welcome
In Bruges was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Tom Wilkinson. Are you familiar with him?
Colin Farrell starred in The Proposal, which is a crime fiction film. Have you seen it?
If you like Colin Farrell, you should check out The Proposal. It's also a psychological thriller.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Denver Broncos are owned by Jim Caldwell. Are you a fan?
John Fox, Jim Caldwell and Jim Caldwell. Are you a fan?
I haven't seen it but I do know that it stars Vin Diesel. Do you like him?
I'm not a big fan of Triller. What is your favorite Triller movie?
I'm not sure. Isn't Michael Irby a great actor?
You're welcome. Enjoy
Have you seen the other two of the movies?
Yes, the movie is based on the book.
Great, I will give it a try.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, Jordan Spieth American professional golfer. Do you like golf?
Yeah, I think he's from Dallas. Did you know he was born in Dallas?
Yes it is. Do you know if he plays for the Dallas Cowboys?
Yes, she wrote I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings which is also a book. Have you read it?
Yea, I'm not sure of her poetry, but I know her books include Reflected and Reflected and Reflected.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that it was released in 1895.
Will do. I hope you enjoy them.
He wrote она и мир.
James Franco wrote You've Been Warned as well as many others. Are you a fan?
This is the End is a romantic comedy film directed by James Franco.
This is the End is a romantic comedy.
You are welcome.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about him, other than he plays soccer. Do you like soccer?
I'm not really a fan of his but I know he plays for the Chile national football team too.
Yeah that's a great movie. Did you know it was produced by Paulo Coelho?
I'm not sure about Doctor Zhivago. Did you know that he's also a musician?
The Sea of Monsters was written by Rick Riordan. It's a young-adult fiction novel.
The Sea of Monsters was also written by Rick Riordan
Yes, The Sea of Monsters was also written by Rick Riordan
Mary Ann Shaffer wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
Mary Ann Shaffer wrote a book called The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou.
Mary Ann Shaffer wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
Carmelo Anthony starred in Imagine That. Have you seen it?
Ray Bradbury wrote The Martian Chronicles, The Illustrated Man, and The Illustrated Man.
I would recommend Fahrenheit 451 or Fahrenheit 451.
I don't know, but I do know that The Bradbury Chronicles was released in 1951.
You are welcome
I think he plays for the Chile national football team. Do you like soccer?
Yes, she's a golfer from Dallas. Do you like golf?
Is that a movie with Adam Sandler in it?
I like Rob Schneider in that movie as well. Do you like him?
Yes, she was in that movie as well.
Joe Morton wrote The Skulls. Have you seen it?
If you like thrillers, you should watch Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
That's a great movie. Did you know that Tony Recall also starred in Zombieland as well?
You're welcome
Yes, Saina Nehwal is an athlete that plays badminton.
I'm not sure, but I know Saina Nehwal is from India.
Yes he is from Hisar. Do you know who he is from?
Do you like Thor because it stars Scarlett Johansson?
Thor is a great one starring Robert Downey Jr., Kate Beckinsale and Chris Hemsworth. Have you seen it?
He starred in The Incredible Hulk and also in The Avengers: Age of Ultron.
If you like action movies, I would recommend The Incredible Hulk or The Avengers. Have you seen those?
Eric Brees wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Reading for the Non-believer.
The Final Destination 2 is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Butterfly Effect was released in 2002 and stars Eric Brees. Would you like to know more about the movie?
William Scott also wrote and directed The Final Destination, which is a thriller.
Sure, October Sky is a horror film directed by Eric Brees.
You're welcome.
Yes, she has overcome many things. Did you know she was in a movie called Crossroads?
I'm not sure, but I know Britney Spears also starred in Pauly Shore is Dead
You're welcome.
Sure! He directed Welcome to the Monkey House, which is a Thriller. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
300 stars Seth MacFarlane and Bill Paxton.
300 stars Gerard Butler and Michael Fassbender.
Yes, I like Kill Bill: Vol. 1 because it is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Robert De Niro starred in Kill Bill: Vol. 1 and also starred in it.
Sure! Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion, released in 1817.
Yes, Persuasion is also by Jane Austen and was released in 1817.
Yes, you are correct. I think you will enjoy it.
Sure, Clockwork Angel is written by Cassandra Clare and it's a young-adult fiction book. Do you like young adult fiction?
She has written The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones, City of Ashes, and City of Glass. Have you read any of these?
It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction books?
Tom Cruise starred in Mission: Impossible - Rogue Nation along with Tom Cruise.
Yes, he was in that movie as well.
Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder. Have you seen that one?
You are welcome.
I don't know much about them. I do know that they are owned by Jim Caldwell. Are you a fan?
My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks. What is your favorite team?
I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. What is your favorite sport?
My Sister's Keeper was written by Joss Whedon. Do you like the author or the genre?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you The Tenth Circle is similar. Have you read it?
No, I don't know of any other books by Jodi Picoult, but I do know that it was released in 2010.
I'm not a huge soccer fan. I prefer American Football. How about you?
I'm not much of a soccer fan. I prefer American Football.
It's a great sport to watch. Did you know Marco Reus won the Bravo Award?
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing. Have you read that one?
The Sweet Far Thing is a Speculative fiction and The Diviners is in the genre of Children's literature.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
Yes, Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
No, but Milan Kundera is from Poland.
You are welcome. Have a good day.
I do! He's a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
I don't know who is on that team, but I know Drew Brees is from the United States.
You're welcome.
Yes, she's a pro golfer. She's from Honolulu.
Yes, there is a lot of talent in young age. Is there anything else I can help with?
That's interesting. Did you know she won the U.S. Women's Tennis Tournament?
Sure, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen them?
I'm not sure, but I know it was written by Joss Whedon who also wrote The Last Stand.
It was released in 2002.
You're welcome.
I do. Did you know that he's dating Cameron Diaz?
Yes, he did. Do you know he also starred in The Matrix Revolutions?
I think he's married now.
Sure, do you like Sci-Fi or Adventure movies?
I would recommend The Looking Glass Wars, starring Frank Beddor
If you like adventure films, you might also enjoy A Good Day to Die. Have you seen that one?
She wrote The Ship of Brides and The One Plus One. Have you read either of those?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You are welcome. Enjoy!
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of a series. The next in the series is The Oz Books, have you read that one?
I have not read that one, but I know The Wonderful Wizard of Oz was released in 2003. Have you read it?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
I like Rafael Nadal. He's a great tennis player. Do you like tennis?
My favorite tennis player is Roger Federer. What is your favorite tennis player?
I'm not sure. I know Marat Safin is a tennis player as well.
You're welcome
Sure. He wrote The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes, The Complete Sherlock Holmes, and The Return of Sherlock Holmes.
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was released in 2001. The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes was released in 1905.
Glad I could help. Enjoy the book!
He wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke. Do you like his work?
Have you read The Golden Compass or The Magician's Nephew?
You're welcome.
The Insurgent is written by Veronica Roth. Do you like her work?
The Insurgent is also written by Veronica Roth
Free Four: The Son Son: The Son Son is a satire.
You are welcome.
I'm not much of a fan of her music. What is your favorite song of hers?
She's a great singer and actress. She's also starred in A Thousand Years. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but I do know she's a composer and play in movies.
Do you like Thor because it stars Chris Hemsworth?
If you like adventure movies, he was in The Green Hornet. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie.
She wrote Vanishing Acts and The Tenth Circle. Have you read either of those?
Where There's Smoke was released in 2015. She also wrote The Tenth Circle. Have you read that one?
Where There's Smoke is a fiction book.
I know he's a soccer player. He plays for Real Madrid F.C.
I do like the Premier League. What is your favorite sport to watch?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
I'm not much of a football fan, but I do know that the team is owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I'm not much of a football fan, but I do know that Jake Allen played for the New England Patriots.
I think he's a good defender. I think he's from the United States.
Peter Weir directed The Truman Show and Witness. Have you seen those?
Yes, Peter Weir directed Witness. He also directed Witness. Have you seen it?
She's a great singer and actress. She was in Princess Protection Program and Spring Breakers.
Yes, that was a great one. Do you know of any other songs from her?
It's a young-adult fiction book. Do you enjoy young adult fiction?
Yes, Lois Lowry also wrote When the Wind Blows which is also Speculative fiction.
Yes, Zoe's Tale, Z for Zachariah is also a Speculative Fiction.
No problem, enjoy the book!
You are welcome. Enjoy the books!
Yes, Rosemary Wells wrote Charlotte's Web
It was! It's considered children's literature, but it falls under the genre of Fantasy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
Bradly Cooper starred in The Confessor. Have you seen that movie?
If you like comedy, you should check out Zoolander. It's a great movie.
Of course! Two Can Play That Game has the cast of Submarine, who is a great actor.
He was in Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Restaurant at the End of the Universe is similar. Have you read that one?
I would recommend The Restaurant at the End of the Universe, or The Restaurant at the End of the Universe.
The Restaurant at the End of the Universe is a Fiction/ Mystery novel written by Douglas Adams. Would you like to know more about this book?
The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul is written by John Green. Would you like to hear more about this book?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I like their K-Pop style of music! Have you heard of them?
Do you like Nsync because he's a singer?
I'm more of a Chicago Bears fan. They're pretty good.
I think they are a pretty good team. Did you know they were coached by Jim Caldwell?
Yes, he's a linebacker. Did you know he's from the United States?
I'm a huge fan of sports. I'm more of a baseball fan.
Do you like the RON because it's a Sci-Fi?
Other science fiction action films you might enjoy are Zombieland, X-Men, and World War Z.
You're welcome.
Sure, L.A. Confidential is a thriller starring Kate Winslet. Do you like thrillers?
There is a L.A. Confidential starring Kevin Spacey, Matt McCoy and Matt McCoy.
You're welcome.
Taxi Driver is a Thriller starring Ryan Reynolds. Do you like Thrillers?
That is a great movie. Meet the Parents stars Robert De Niro. Do you like him?
That's a great movie. Did you know Denzel washington also starred in Welcome to the Monkey House?
You're welcome. Enjoy the movies!
He wrote Unlawful Entry and The Vatican Tapes
Yes. If you like thrillers, you should check out The Longest Yard. Have you seen it?
You might also enjoy A Good Day to Die, starring Julia Roberts.
The Pianist is a crime fiction film. If you like crime fiction, you might enjoy A Good Day to Die.
You're welcome
I am not a huge fan of tennis, but I do know that Caroline Wozniacki won the 2010 PGA Championship.
I did. That was a great movie. Did you know that Serena Williams also starred in it?
Oh yeah. That's a great one! It's a great movie. It's a classic!
I'm not sure where Serena lives, but it does have a lot of fun to watch.
He directed The Illusionist. Have you seen it?
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Well, Neil Burger directed The Illusionist and Interview With the Assassin.
You're welcome.
The Fault in Our Stars is written by John Green. Do you like young adult fiction?
Then you might enjoy Catch-22. It's a great read.
Trojan Odyssey was written by Sylvester Stallone. It's a great read.
Done. Enjoy!
Sure! Do you like the author because it's a thriller?
Broken Silence was released in 2004. It's also written by David McRaney.
You're welcome.
Pandemonium is a speculative fiction novel written by Lauren Oliver. Do you like that genre?
Pandemonium was written by J.K. Rowling who also wrote Zoe's Tale and Z for Zachariah.
I'm not sure who wrote it, but Till We Have Faces is also a speculative fiction novel.
You're welcome. Enjoy the book!
Yes, she's a great singer and actress. Did you know she starred in a movie with Sean Penn?
That's right. Madonna's relationship with Madonna. She also wrote Vanilla Ice, it's a biographical film.
Yes that's right. I think he's married to Madonna.
I will have to check that out. Thanks for the recommendation.
I will have to check that out. Thanks for the recommendation.
Sure, it was written by Joel Coen and stars Sam Elliott. Do you like his work?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that it was released in 1995.
You're welcome.
It was written by Fredrik Backman and released in 2012.
Yes it is in English.
Henning Koch also wrote The Maggot People.
Sure. He wrote You've Been Warned, and You've Been Warned. Have you read either of those?
Zoo is written by James Patterson. He also wrote Zoo and You've Got Mail.
Anything else I can help you with today?
Do you like Forrest Gump because it's a Romantic Comedy?
Tom Hanks also stars in Larry Crowne. Have you seen that one?
Cast Away was directed by Tom Hanks and stars Tom Hanks, Tom Hanks, and Larry Crowne.
You're welcome.
Darren Aronofsky wrote and directed Requiem for a Dream. Have you seen it?
The Wrestler is a drama, do you like drama?
Requiem of a Dreams starred Mickey Rourke and Jonah Hill
He directed Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that one?
The star in Apocalypse Now is Nicolas Cage. Do you like Nicolas Cage?
It's a Romantic Comedy. Do you like those genres?
Do you like Mr. Smith because it's a Romantic Comedy?
It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
If you like thrillers, you might enjoy Shark Night. It stars Kyla Pratt.
You're welcome. Enjoy the movies.
Hayley Atwell wrote The Sweeney and The Sweeney. Have you read either of those?
Hayley Atwell also starred in The Pillars of the Earth with Eddie Redmayne. Have you seen it?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You are welcome. Enjoy the movie.
I'm not much of a fan of their coach, but I do know they're owned by Jim Caldwell.
I don't know much about football, but I do know that they are owned by Jim Caldwell.
Yes, Belichick is a great athlete. He's also a former American football player.
Mad Max Fury is starring Tom Hardy and Tom Hardy. Do you like Tom Hardy?
Yes, she did. She also starred in The Brave One. Have you seen it?
Yes, Jodie Foster also starred in The Good Doctor which is also a thriller.
I'm not sure, but I know Nicky Katt starred in The Brave One and it's a comedy.
You are welcome.
E. Lockhart wrote The Sworn Sword. Have you heard of it?
It was released in 2002.
Do you like romance novels? If so, you might enjoy The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau.
You're welcome
Do you like it because it's a romance or because it stars Will Smith?
Sure! Do you like Romance Novels? If you like Romance Novels, you might enjoy The Incredibles.
Yes! It's also a film. It's also a film.
It's a good one. It's also a film starring Leonard Goldberg.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
I know that he's an athlete on the Wales national football team. Do you like football?
I'm not sure, but I know he's also a Midfielder.
I didn't know that. Is it a Midfielder?
Sia Furler is a singer-songwriter and a singer-songwriter. She's also a musician and a musician.
I love her music. She's also a singer and a singer. Do you like her music?
Yes, I like her music. She's also been a model and a model.
I have not read it, but I know it was written by Anne Hathaway. Do you like her work?
I have not seen it, but I know it was written by William Hurt and released in 2001.
I do. He's been in a lot of thrillers, including The Silence of the Lambs. Have you seen any of those?
Emily Griffin is an actress. She starred in the movie The Confessor. Have you seen it?
It was released in 2012 and written in English.
It's a good movie. Nick Cassavetes and Nick Cassavetes were in it.
You're welcome.
Kazuo Ishiguro wrote Never let me go.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that author.
Yes, Zoe's Tale is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You are welcome.
He plays for Legia Warsaw. Do you like soccer?
He plays on the Poland national football team
I don't know too much about him
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren, and The Queen. Have you read either of those?
Sure. The Queen was released in 2016. The genre is Speculative fiction.
Great, I hope you enjoy them.
You are welcome. Enjoy the books!
Did you like the movie because it's a Thriller or because it's a Thriller?
If you like Action movies, you should check out Zombieland. That's a great one.
I'm not sure who stars in the second one, but the first one was released in 2011.
I'm not sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, Gone Girl is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, Gillian Flynn also wrote "Sharp Objects" and "Rogues." Would you like to know more about those?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like the movie because it's a Thriller or because it's a Thriller?
It's a great movie. It was released in 2002 and stars Denzel Washington. Do you like Denzel Washington?
I'm not sure. But it was released in 2004.
It's a great book! It was written by Tim Burton. It's a great Thriller. Have you read it?
Malcolm Gladwell also wrote How to Win Friends and Influence People.
You are correct. Malcolm Gladwell also wrote a book called The Power of Thinking Without Thinking, which is a book.
You're welcome.
Sure! Doug Liman directed The Bourne Supremacy, The Bourne Supremacy, and The Bourne Supremacy.
Fair Game is a drama
Wildwood Dancing is a good one.
you are welcome
He directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest and Amadeus. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, that's a historical fiction. He also directed Amadeus.
Sure, adding now. Enjoy the movie.
It was written by C.S. Lewis and released in 1953. If you like his work, you might also enjoy The Chronicles of Narnia.
Sure! The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is a young adult fiction novel written by C.S Lewis.
The Silver Chair was released in 1905.
You're welcome.
Gautam Gambhir is an athlete who plays cricket for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
I don't really know much about cricket, but I do know he plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders. Do you know he's from India?
No, I don't know of him. Is he a good athlete?
He's a great singer and a singer. I liked him in The Other Guys. Have you seen it?
I am not sure. I do know he starred in the movie The Voice. Have you seen it?
He starred in the movie The Voice. Have you seen that movie yet?
A Million Little Pieces was written by James Frey. Do you like speculative fiction?
Sure. He wrote A Million Little Pieces. He also wrote The Secret Life of Bees. Have you read that one?
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Sure. Michael Crichton wrote a book called Disclosure that he wrote.
He wrote harry potter and the kings speech
A Killing in Zion is a Crime Fiction book.
You are welcome
I don't know much about him other than he plays soccer for FC Bayern Munich II
I'm a big fan of American Football. What about you?
I do enjoy watching the Celtics. Who is your favorite team?
Sure, Ken Kesey wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest. Have you read that one?
Yes he wrote "Go Further" he also wrote "The Titan's Curse."
I don't know much about it, but I do know he is from the United States. He also wrote "Twilights of the World" and "Twilights."
Of course. Is there anything else I can do for you?
Paulo Coelho was a co-author with the Colombia national football team. Are you interested in his work?
He also wrote Angels & Demons.
It's a fiction novel.
You're welcome.
Yes, G.O. Tom Brady is a football player who plays for the New England Patriots.
I'm sorry I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Tom Brady also starred in Cars 2.
Eva Mendes also starred in the movie The Road to El Dorado.
American Sniper is a war movie written and directed by Steven Zaillian. Do you like war movies?
He also starred in The Shawshank Redemption movie. Have you seen it?
It's a drama. It's considered a comedy.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I do! He starred in The Last Stand. Have you seen it?
Yes. It's a great movie starring Robert De Niro.
If you like Step Brothers, you might also enjoy The Handmaid's Tale.
Ok. If you like comedy, you should also try The Goodfellas starring Robert De Niro.
Sure. Wreck-It Ralph starred Robert De Niro and it's a comedy.
It's a good one. It's also a biography.
You're welcome.
Yes! The Toy Story 2 is written by Tim Burton and stars Tom Hanks. Have you seen it?
Tom Hanks wrote Larry Crowne and starred in it.
Larry Crowne is a romantic comedy produced by Tom Hanks. He also produced The Cat in the Hat.
Larry Crowne is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
My Big Fat Greek Wedding is a great comedy. If you like comedy, you should check it out.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Do you like it because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
The Golden Compass starring Liam Neeson is a good fantasy movie. Have you seen it?
The Lord of the Rings was produced by J.R.R. Tolkien.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I'm not much of a football fan, but I do know that the team is owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
Yeah, that's right. They won the Super Bowl XLIII and XLIII.
My favorite team is the Broncos. They're my favorite team!
I'm not much of a baseball fan, but I do know that the Red Sox are owned by John Farrell.
Yes, he is. Do you like his music?
I'm not much of a fan of New Jersey.
I didn't see that one, I think it was a great movie. Have you seen it?
John Seelye wrote The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and A Princess of Mars.
Yes, he did. He wrote them both.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Did you like the movie because it was a Thriller or because it was a Thriller?
Well, it was directed by Veronica Roth. She also directed Transformers. Do you like her movies?
You're welcome
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan? If so, you might enjoy The Incredibles.
I don't know who starred in Goonies, but it was directed by Chris Columbus.
Yes, she is. Did you know Nicki Minaj won the Grammys for Best New Artist and Best Female Female Artist?
Did you know Nicki Minaj was born in Los Angeles, California?
I'm not sure, but I do know she starred in a film called The Cool World.
I haven't read it but I do know it was written by Jhumpa Lahiri.
I do. I'm more of a tennis fan. Do you like the genre?
I do like thrillers. Have you seen Shark Night? It is a thriller.
Dr Seuss wrote There's a Wocket in My Pocket and There's a Wocket in My Pocket.
Theodore is a speculative fiction book released in 1867
The Lorax came out in 1905
Absolutely! Have a great day !
You are welcome
The Kansas City Chiefs are a professional American football franchise based in the United States. Are you a fan?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. What's your favorite team?
Sure, Never Let Me Go was written by Kazuo Ishiguro and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
He also wrote Insomnia which is also a thriller.
I am not sure, but I know he has made movies and movies as well.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure! Ruben Fleischer starred in The Matrix Revolutions and in The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen either of those?
It was released in 2000.
It is a crime fiction
You are welcome
I haven't read Luftslottet som sprängdes, is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, Stieg Larsson also wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes.
He wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes. Have you read that one?
He directed on Flux and on Flux. He also directed on Flux.
It's a great movie. Akira Kurosawa starred in X-Men: Days of Thunder.
Toshiro is a great one, I would recommend Toshiro. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
The Good, the Bad and the Ugly is a similar movie.
Confessions is written by Ray Bradbury. what else can i answer for you?
Trawne is a good comedy film. Anything else I can help you with today?
you are welcome
I'm not much of a football fan, but I do know that they're owned by Wayne Weaver.
I like the Denver Broncos. What's your favorite team?
I love the Cowboys! I've been to the Seattle Seahawks, too.
I'm not a big fan of his but I do know he starred in The Wiz. Have you seen that one?
No, I haven't seen it but I do know that it was written by Jason Statham and stars Tom Hanks.
I'm not sure, but he did a great job starring in a lot of movies. I know he was also a director, producer, and producer.
Scream has a genre of Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Ok. Max Brooks wrote and directed Scream, which is a horror film. Have you seen it?
Brad Pitt also stars in Troy, have you seen it?
I'm not much of a baseball fan, but I do know their coach is John Farrell. Do you like baseball?
I'm a fan of the Baltimore Orioles. Do you have a favorite team?
I'm not sure. I'm more of a Chicago Bears fan. Are they a good team?
Timur Bekmatov wrote and directed Vampire Academy, starring Tom Cruise. Have you seen it?
Sure, it was released in 2011. It stars Ralph Fiennes who is also a director.
Great. I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote X-Men: Days of Future Past and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Yes. Hugh Jackman also starred in The Wolverine. Have you seen that?
That's right. Stephen Sommers wrote Van Helsing and he also wrote The Wolverine.
Sure! Douglas Adams was written by John Green and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy series was released in 1985.
There are so many books to choose from, such as The Time Traveler's Wife and The End of the Affair
You're welcome
The Godfather was written by Francis Ford Coppola and stars Marlon Brando. Do you like her movies?
He also wrote Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that one?
Marlon Brando also starred in The Godfather Part II. Have you seen that one?
Great! He's a great actor. He was also in The Godfather Part II and The Apocalypse Now.
I agree. Did you know that Francis Ford Coppola wrote and directed The Godfather II?
Then you might enjoy The Godfather II. It's a classic!
I'm not much of a Packers fan, but I do know that they're owned by Jim Caldwell.
That's interesting. Did you know that he was a politician as well?
Who is your favorite team? I think he's from Pittsburgh.
I'm not a huge fan of the Bears, but I do know they won the Super Bowl XLIII Championship.
Looks like they are doing good this year.
I like baseball too. What is your favorite team?
That movie stars Zooey Deschanel and it is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, Pruitt Taylor Vince also starred in a movie called Mama. Have you seen that one?
Sure! You Again was a Lie. It was released in 2004 and stars Denis O'Hare.
No I haven't read anything by Jhumpa Lahiri. What did you like about it?
Well, it was written by Jhumpa Lahiri who also wrote Tempted which is also a novel.
It's a speculative fiction novel written by Orson Scott Card.
Will do. Enjoy!
Thomas F. Wilson starred in Zoom, The Informant, and The Informant.
Thomas F. Wilson also starred in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
Blake Shelton is a great singer and a songwriter. He wrote The Road to El Dorado. Have you heard it?
I'm not sure, but I know that Blake Shelton is also from Nashville.
I'm not sure, but I do know that he's from Nashville.
Sara Shepard wrote How to Win Friends and Influence People. Have you read either of those?
Yes! It's a TV series by Sara Shepard. It's also a TV series.
I'm not sure. But I can tell you about Pretty Little Liars, which is also a TV series by Sara Shepard.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
I'm not much of a soccer fan. Is that a sport you enjoy?
I'm more of a American Football fan. My favorite team is the San Diego Chargers.
That's pretty cool. Do you know of any other teams in the NFL?
I'm not much of a football fan, but I do know the Steelers are owned by Tom Brady. Are you a fan?
Yeah, I heard he's a good coach. He's from Pittsburgh. I'm more of a Steelers fan.
Oh wow, I didn't know that. Isn't he from Tampa?
I know that he's a great actor. He starred in The Skulls. Have you seen that movie?
I'm not sure who starred in it but I know it was written by Sean Penn.
I'm sure you will enjoy it.
You're welcome.
Laura Esquivel wrote Como agua para chocolate. She is also a teacher.
It was written in English
Yes she did. Do you like her?
You're welcome
The Memory Keeper's daughter is written by Kim Edwards and released in 2005.
Kim Edwards also wrote The Memory Keeper's Daughter.
You are welcome
William Landay wrote Defending Jacob. It's also a novel.
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Agatha Christie wrote Romeo and Juliet. Do you like her work?
It was released in 1987.
You're welcome
Yes, Romeo and Juliet is written by William Shakespeare. He also wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream and The Tempest.
What You Will is a fantasy novel released in 1595. Do you like fantasy novels?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He directed The Imitation Game. Have you seen it?
The Headhunters stars Tom Hanks and Benedict Cumberbatch. Do you like his work?
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie.
Sure! The Mountains Echoed was written by Khaled Hossbini and released in 2012.
He wrote A Thousand Splendid Suns, and The Mountains Echoed.
You are welcome. Enjoy the book.
I'm not sure, but I know he's from Whiplash.
He wrote The Secret Life of Bees, which is also a Film Producer. Have you seen it?
It's about the story of a young girl who meets his mother and falls in love with her family.
You're welcome.
Great. Enjoy the movie.
She starred in The Ice Harvest and in The Hunted, among others.
The Situation also stars Connie Nielsen and was released in 2012. Would you like to know more about this movie?
You got it! Enjoy!
I'm not too familiar with his work, he was in Friends with Benefits and A Thousand Splendid Suns
It's a comedy released in 2004.
Yes she was in that movie as well.
I have not, but I know it was written by Kurt Wimmer and released in 2008.
It's a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Do you like books written by Harper Lee?
Then you might enjoy The Passage or The Passage if you like dramas.
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie!
The Last Lecture was written by Randy Pausch. Do you like his work?
Yes, he did. He also starred in Star Trek: The Last Lecture.
Will do! Is there anything else I can help with?
Sure, he directed Maroon 5 and The Other Guys. Have you seen them?
The Wackness genre is a drama. Do you like drama?
Some of the actors in Wackness include Emily Blunt and Joaquin Phoenix.
Great, I hope you enjoy it.
I haven't read it but I know it was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Do you like his work?
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. Have you read this one yet?
Ok, let me know if you need anything else.
I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
Oh yes, he directed The Ghost Writer. Have you seen it?
The Ghost Writer : Poolanski: A Memoir
2008
Are you looking for more young adult fiction or young adult fiction?
Jack London starred in We Bought a Zoo. Have you seen that one?
That's correct, I think it was made into a movie.
You're welcome.
Donnie Darko is a Thriller written by Richard Kelly. Do you like Thrillers?
Seth Rogan also starred in A Bug's Life which is also a comedy.
Yes, James Franco also starred in Zookeeper.
I'm not sure, but I know Judd Apatow also starred in Seth Rogen.
I'm not sure. I do know that it was released in 2010.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley wrote Frankenstein, The Modern Prometheus. Have you read it?
Frankenstein is considered a satire.
I'm not sure, but it was written in English.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it.
Fight Club is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Vivica A. Fox and David Carradine were in Fight Club. Do you know them?
You're welcome.
Yes, A.W. Wheen wrote Im Westen nichts Neues.
I am not sure. I do know that Erich Maria Remarque has translated . , , , .
You are welcome. Have a good day.
Yes, he directed The Siege. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. He's a great actor. He was in The Last Samurai.
Well, Denzel Washington was in The Last Samurai. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Snoop Dogg was in Training Day.
Yes, he was in Volcano High starring Denzel Washington.
You're welcome.
I'm more of a Mets fan, but I'm more of a Mets fan. Do you like them?
Isn't Fred Wilpon from New York?
Who is your favorite team?
Sure, Stephen J. Dubner wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything. Have you read this one yet?
I'm not sure of the release date of the book.
I am not sure, but I can tell you it is written by Stephen J. Dubner.
Sure, enjoy the movie!
I know he's a writer. He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that one?
Yes he did. Eli Wallach also starred in The Good the Bad and the Ugly.
He also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that one?
If you like movies with Sergio Leone, you might enjoy The Good the Bad and the Ugly.
The Good, the Bad and the Ugly is also in that genre.
You are most welcome. Enjoy!
He wrote Welcome to the Monkey House and Welcome to the Monkey House. Have you read either of those?
Have you read Welcome to the Monkey House? It is a speculative fiction novel.
Have you read Welcome to the Monkey House? It is a speculative fiction.
He directed Million Dollar Baby which is a thriller. Do you like that genre?
Michael Caine stars in it. Do you like him?
I'm not sure. But he also starred in The Republic of Love.
Djimon Hounso starred in Unlawful Entry and The Vatican Tapes
I'm not sure, but I do know that it came out in the same year as The Vatican Tapes.
The movie stars Seth Rogen as well as Emma Stone.
Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier, The Pacifier, and The Pacifier.
Underdog is written and directed by Cassandra Clare.
Jay Leno also starred in The Matrix Revolutions, The Matrix Revolutions, and The Cool World.
I'm not a huge fan of their coach, but I do know they won the Super Bowl XLIII Super Bowl XLI
I'm not sure who owns the Philadelphia Eagles, but I do know that they're owned by John Farrell
I do. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you have a favorite team?
The Patriots are my favorite team! I like the Dallas Cowboys.
Ara Celi starred in American Beauty. Have you seen it?
American Beauty also stars Jennifer Jason Leigh. Do you like her work?
I'm not sure, but Alan Ball is a great actor who starred in A Thousand Splendid Suns, which is a drama.
The Incredible Hulk was written by Stan Lee who also wrote The Incredible Hulk.
You might like Zombieland, Zombieland, and Zombieland.
I'm not sure of the release date. Would you like to know more about the movie?
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie.
Do you like Die Hard because it's a crime fiction?
Then you might enjoy Die hard with a Vengeance or Die Hard with a Vengeance.
Do you like War Z because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
If you like Brad Pitt, he starred in a lot of movies including X-Men Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that one?
You are welcome. Enjoy the movies.
Yes, Peter Krause starred in The Truman Show. Have you seen that one?
Yes, she was in that movie as well. It also starred Matt Damon and Olivia Wilde.
Naomi Watts has been in many movies. She's been in The Sleeping Doll, The Sleeping Doll, and The Other Guys. Have you seen any of those?
Yes it was written by Hugh Jackman and stars Hugh Jackman. Have you seen it?
You might enjoy X-Men Origins: Wolverine, it is a Thriller starring Huge Jackman. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but it is written by Huge Jackman. It's a great movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He directed The Transporter starring Louis Leterrier. Have you seen that one?
The Transporter stars Ralph Fiennes and Transporter is a crime fiction film.
He also starred in The Girl Cut in Two which is a French film.
Good Will Hunting is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Vampire Slayer stars Ryan Reynolds and Ben Affleck. Do you enjoy those actors?
Yes, it is written by Ben Affleck.
I'm not sure, but I do know that The Town is written by Ben Affleck.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I know that he wrote a great book called The Story of Doctor Doolittle.
Madame Bovary is a Romance novel released in 1856. It was released in 1856.
It was released in 1856.
It is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
If you like Literary Realism, you should check out The Importance of Being Earnest. It is also a Novel.
You're welcome.
Collateral stars Tom Cruise, did you know it was written by Tom Cruise and stars Tom Cruise?
Do you like Eyes Wide Shut because it's a crime fiction?
Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder, another good thriller movie. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure of the release date of that movie.
You're welcome.
Bruce Willis was in Die hard with a Vengeance. If you like Bruce Willis, you might enjoy Die hard with a Vengeance.
Bruce Willis also stars in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen it?
If you like Bruce Willis, he stars in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen that one?
Great. Enjoy the movie.
I know he's a composer and song writer. Do you like his work?
Did you know he is also a composer and he starred in The New York Trilogy
I don't know if I like his music but I do know that he is also a singer
Sure! Leonard Nimoy starred in Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi and The Last Hero. Have you seen those?
Yes, Leonard Nimoy starred in the Star Trek movies. Did you know he also starred in the Star Trek movies?
Siddhartha is a speculative fiction novel written by Hilda Rosner and Hermann Hesse.
Another speculative fiction book is Welcome to the Monkey House. Have you heard of it?
It was released in 1922.
You're welcome.
I do. Did you know he stared in Ghostbusters?
Jamie Lee Curtis also starred in That Thing You Do, have you seen that one?
Great, I think you will enjoy it.
Yes, he wrote Life of Pi. Have you read that one?
I'm not a huge fan of speculative fiction. Is that a genre you enjoy?
Yes, you are correct. Michelle Paver wrote the screenplay for Wolf Brother.
It's a great one. Would you like to know more about it?
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is written by Philip Kaufman.
You are welcome.
Sure. Vladimir Nabokov wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
I think he's a great player. Did you know he was born in Los Angeles?
He's a basketball player and plays point guard. Do you like basketball?
Yes, Steph Curry is a great player.
Frank McCourt wrote Teacher Man. Have you read that one?
Teacher Man is a speculative fiction. You might enjoy that one.
You are welcome
I think it is a great book. Did you know it was written by J.R.R Tolkien?
He wrote The Silence of the Lambs. It is a speculative fiction novel. Have you read it?
It was released in 2004. It's a great read.
You're welcome
I'm not much of a soccer fan, but I do know that they're coached by Fernando Hierro.
I think he's an athlete. I like soccer. Do you like soccer?
I'm not familiar with soccer. Is he a Midfielder?
Jack London wrote The Sea Wolf. Have you read that one yet?
Have you read Wildwood Dancing? It's a fiction book.
Yes, it's a great movie. Did you like it because it's a Thriller?
No, I didn't know that. Is it a drama?
That's a good one. Did you know she also starred in The New York Trilogy?
That's a good one. Did you know Peter Jason also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness?
Great. I'm sure you will enjoy it.
Do you like comedies because it is a Romantic Comedy?
It was released in 2010.
Yes. She's a great actress. She's written so many great books. She's written a lot of great books. Have you heard of Apocalypto? It's a classic.
She's a great author. She wrote The Horse Whisperer and A Thousand Splendid Suns
Great! You should check out The Crucible. It's a classic.
If you like young adult fiction, you might also enjoy The Crucible. Have you heard of that one?
It's a young-adult fiction novel. It's considered children's literature and was released in 2010.
You're welcome!
Yes, he starred in many movies. Do you like Sci-Fi or Adventure movies?
Yes, he wrote it and it's a great animated movie. Do you like animated movies?
I'm not a huge fan of the Mets. Isn't they part of the National League too?
I'm a huge fan of the Mets! I'm also a Mets fan. I'm also a Mets fan.
It's funny. Did you know that Minute Maid had a starring X-Men Apocalypse?
Thomas Lennon starred in Wild Bill, Welcome to the Punch, and Yellow Submarine.
It is a television series. It's a tv series. The first one is a television series.
I'm not a huge fan of Chealsea. What is your favorite song of hers?
Well, Chelsea is a lot of the best teams in the world. The team is owned by Toni Morrison and John Farrell.
Agreed. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, it was written by Kong Kong and stars Denzel Washington. Have you seen the movie?
Yes, he wrote and directed The Assassination of Jesse James.
It was released in 2002.
I'm not much of a fan of the Denver Broncos. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan.
I'm not a huge fan of the Panthers, but I do know that they won the Super Bowl XLIII Championship.
Yes, he played for the Denver Broncos.
Oh yeah, I love drama movies. Have you seen A Bug's Life? It's a great movie.
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie!
I'm not much of a baseball fan, but I do know they're owned by Fred Wilpon. Do you like baseball?
I do. I'm more of a baseball fan. Do you like MBA?
I'm more of a baseball fan. Do you like sports movies?
I think he's a good basketball player. Do you like him?
I do. I think he's a good basketball player.
No I haven't but I know LeBron James is in the NBA too.
Sure, Men in Black was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. It's a great movie.
If you like movies with Lowell Cunningham, you should check out Things Behind The Striped Pajamas.
I am not sure, but I know that Lowell Cunningham also wrote it.
You are welcome. Enjoy the movie.
Do you like Batman Begins because it's a Thriller?
I'm not sure but it also directed by Christopher Nolan and produced it.
You're welcome
Robin Hobb wrote The Mad Ship and The Golden Fool.
I'm not sure of the release date. But The Golden Fool was released in 2005.
He wrote Welcome to the Monkey House, Timequake, Welcome to the Monkey House, Timequake and Welcome to the Monkey House. Have you read any of these?
It is a speculative fiction
Another speculative fiction book you might enjoy is Welcome to the Monkey House. Have you read that one yet?
Sure! American History X has genre Crime Fiction. Do you like Crime Fiction?
Rick Riordan starred in the movie.
Lake of Fire is a slasher film written and directed by David Ayer starring Sigmund Freud
You are welcome
E.V. Rieu wrote
OK. E.V. Rieu wrote .  is a Speculative fiction.
He is also a teacher and a teacher.
He wrote Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail.
Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You are welcome
If You Give a Mouse a Cookie is written by Felicia Bond and was released in 1985.
No. James Patterson wrote If You Take a Mouse to the Movies and If You Give a Mouse a Cookie.
You're welcome.
Yes, Eyes Wide Shut was written by Stanley Kubrick and starred Tom Cruise. Do you like his work?
Another psychological thriller that you might enjoy is Shark Night. Have you seen that one?
I don't have when a stranger calls. But it's a good movie.
You're welcome.
Charles Duhigg wrote Power of Habit. Have you read that one?
The Power of Habit is a Non-fiction book released in 2011.
Will do. Enjoy!
That movie was written by Francis Ford Coppola, who also wrote The Godfather.
He's a great player. Did you know that he's from Boston?
I'm not sure, but I know he's a member of the NBA.
The Chicago Bulls are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf. Are you a fan?
Chicago Bulls are coached by Jim Caldwell. Are you a fan?
I am not sure, but I know Jerry Reindsdorf won the Cleveland Cavaliers Championship
You are welcome
Dear John is written by Nicholas Sparks and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
That is a good one. It is a satire. If you like satire, you should check it out.
You're welcome. Enjoy the book!
Do you like the writer of Crescendo because it's a thriller?
Are you looking for other books written by Jane Austen or other romance novels?
Other romance novels by Jane Austen include Sense and Sensibility and Jane Austen.
Jane Austen also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion.
You're welcome.
Yes I do, they are a great band band. They are a couple of my favorite bands. One of my favorite bands is Deep Blue Sea.
Oh yeah. I love their music. They are my favorite band. They are my favorite band.
Do you like his movies? If so, he also directed The Wrestler.
It was released in 2008 and is in the Speculative fiction genre. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Ellen DeGeneres also stars in WALL-E and Albert Brooks.
You're welcome!
Yes, he starred in Zathura: A Space Adventure. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is. Do you like Jennifer Hale's movies?
The Powerpuff Girls Movie is also starring Tom Kane. It's a family movie.
You're welcome
Yuvraj Singh is an Indian cricketer who plays for Pune Warriors in India.
Yes, he can play all forms of football and his father is a famous bowler.
Yes and it was written by Simon Beaufoy and stars Jennifer Jason Leigh.
I think Damian Lillard is a point guard. He plays for the Portland Trail Blazers.
He's a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers. He's from Oakland.
I'm not sure. I'm more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan.
Yes, it was written by Charles Dickens and stars Tom Hanks. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is a TV program, have you seen it?
Yes, it was a great TV show. Did you know he also starred in The Good Doctor.
I love her music. My favorite song of hers is What's your favorite song of hers.
Yes, I like Sia Furler. Did you know she is friends with Justin Timberlake?
I'm not sure, but I know she is friends with a lot of celebrities.
I'm not much of a baseball fan, but I do know they're owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
He's a great quarterback. Do you know who he is?
I think they're good. They're a great team. They're a great team. They're a great team.
I think Blake Griffin is a great basketball player. Do you like basketball?
I'm not sure. I know he's also a point guard.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Tyrus Thomas also won NBA Rookie of the Year Award.
Hayley Atwell starred in The Sweeney and The Sweeney. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, Hayley Atwell starred in The Sweeney and The Pillars of the Earth.
You might like The Pillars of the Earth or The Sweeney. Have you seen those?
You're welcome.
Yes, that was a great movie. Brokeback Mountain was written by Mike Thurmeier. Do you like him?
She also starred in X-Men: First Class. Have you seen that one?
I'm not much of a football fan, but I do know that they're coached by Lovie Smith
I don't know, but I do know that Lovie Smith's coached the Miami Heat.
I don't know a lot about football but I do like the Dallas Cowboys.
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan? She also wrote the Harry Potter series.
The Golden Compass written by J.K. Rowling is a fantasy novel.
You should check out The Casual Vacancy. It's a great book.
Great! I hope you enjoy them!
Do you like Woody Allen's work? If so, he starred in Revolutionary Road.
To Rome With Love stars Jennifer Lawrence and Liam Neeson. It's a great movie.
You're welcome.
Spirited Away is a drama. Do you like dramas?
If you like cartoon style, you might also enjoy X-Men movies as well.
Then you might enjoy Zoolander. It's a rom-com.
You're welcome.
He wrote The Virgin Suicides and The Picture of Dorian Gray. Have you read those?
It's a Fiction Novel that was released in 2002. It's about a romance novel.
It was released in 2002.
You're welcome
Do you like it because it's a comedy or because it's a comedy?
Seth Rogen is a great actor. If you like comedy, you should check out Zoolander. It stars Seth Rogen.
Yes, Mindy Kaling starred in The End as well. Have you seen it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He wrote The Virgin Suicides and The Virgin Suicides.
Yes, Miranda Richardson starred in Gideon's Daughter. She also starred in The Handmaid's Tale and The Secret Life of Bees.
Yes, it's genre is Fantasy.
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie!
Oh yes, I love her! She's a great singer. Did you know that she's also a singer?
Yes, I like the movie Kiss Bang Bang which is a great movie.
I'm not sure about that one, but I do know that it was written by Peter Hyams.
Inception was directed by Christopher Nolan. He also directed The Prestige.
He did. He directed The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
I am not sure if he has produced any Fantasy and Sci-Fi films, but I do know he produced many films.
You might enjoy The Prestige or The Dark Knight Rises.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you The Prestige is a drama film
You are welcome. Enjoy the movie.
Dani Alves is soccer player for FC Barcelona. Do you like soccer?
Isn't Dani Alves from Paris Saint-Germain?
They're a good team. They're owned by Jim Caldwell. They're part of the NFC East division.
I'm not sure. I don't know much about them. I do know they're owned by Tom Brady.
Oh wow, I think they're doing good too.
Are you a fan of speculative fiction or fantasy?
Charles Dickens is a great author. Some other works include The Old Curiosity Shop, The Old Curiosity Shop and The Old Curiosity Shop.
He also wrote A Tale of Two Cities, which is a satire.
Great Expectations is also about A Tale of Two Cities written by Charles Dickens.
Great Expectations is also a book written in English.
You're welcome
Kierra Cass is a great writer. She wrote The Siren, The Queen, and The Prince. Have you read either of those?
Kierra Cass wrote The Siren and The Siren.
The Siren is a young-adult fiction novel that was released in 2012. The genre is a romance novel.
You're welcome.
Do you like Mission: Impossible - Ghost Protocol because it is a Action/Adventure movie?
I'm not sure about that. I do know that Tom Cruise starred in Mission: Impossible - Ghost Protocol?
Drama and Romance is a great movie.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Ninety Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell. He also wrote Teacher Man.
Animal Farm was written by George Orwell. He also wrote Nineteen Eighty-Four.
You're welcome.
Gabriel Garcia Marquez wrote Memoria de mis putas tristes.
Ralph Steadman wrote The Subtle Knife and The Green Hornet. Have you read either of those?
Well, it was written by Ralph Steadman. Would you like to know more about him?
Well, I'm not sure about similar books, but I can tell you that Ralph Steadman was also a cartoonist.
You're welcome.
Adam Brown starred in The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug and The Hobbit: The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey.
I'm not sure. But I know it was released in 2007.
You're welcome.
Sure. Bradley Cooper starred in The Road to El Dorado, a crime fiction film. Have you seen it?
Sure! The Woods is a Thriller/Crime Fiction film written and produced by Bradley Cooper.
I'm sorry I don't have any more information on The Words.
Have you read the Lord of the Rings series?
The genre is young adult fiction. what else can i answer for you today?
yes it was. what else can i answer for you today?
you are welcome
Edgar Allan Poe wrote The Raven and Other Poems, have you read them?
The Tell-Tale Heart was released in 1843.
You are welcome.
I know that he plays for the Spain national football team.
I don't know too much about them but I do know that he plays for the Spain national football team.
I'm not sure. I do know that he is from Barcelona.
Do you like Aladdin because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Do you like Aladdin because it's a family movie?
You should check out The Manchurian Candidate. It was also written by Richard Condon
He directed The Good Doctor. Have you seen that one?
It also starred Ralph Fiennes. Would you like to know more about The Good Thief?
Yes, he did. He also directed The End of the Affair as well. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Quentin Tarantino directed Grindhouse, which is a Thriller. Have you seen it?
Yes. Rob Zombie also stars in Zookeeper. Have you seen that movie?
Zombie also wrote Return of the Living Dead which is a great movie.
You are welcome.
Downfalls in the genre of War. Do you like War movies?
The Baader Meinhof Complex stars Tom Hanks and Meinhof Complex. Do you like Drama movies?
The Baader Meinhof Complex is starring Anna Kendrick. Do you like Anna Kendrick?
You are welcome
I do. He's a great singer. Do you know he's dating Jordin Sparks?
I'm not a big fan of her music. What is your favorite Nicki Minaj artist?
That's cool. Did you know he was born in Los Angeles?
Sure! It was written by Cassandra Clare and released in 2014. Have you read it?
She also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Fire
The Mortal Instruments Series is a series
You're welcome
Sure! It was written by David Sedaris and released in 2012. It's a speculative fiction novel.
I'm not sure, but David Sedaris also wrote a book called Sex and the City.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Fred Willard starred in X-Men Origins: Wolves of the Calla. Have you seen that movie?
Youth in Revolt is a drama
You're welcome
Great. Have a great day!
You're welcome.
Blood Diamond is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Lord of War was written by J.K. Simmons, who also wrote Unleashed
The Lord of War was released in 2005.
CCH Pounder starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, Underworld: Evolution, and Underworld: Evolution.
Sure, he also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
Yes, Kevin Zegers also starred in The Passage
The Devil Wears Prada stars Anne Hathaway and Anne Hathaway.
Meryl Streep recently starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions.
Yes, she was in that film as well as Meryl Streep.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets was released in 2001.
The most popular one was Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets.
Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger. Do either of those interest you?
If you like Fiction, you'll like Zoe's Tale and Z for Zachariah. Have you read those?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Dan Gilroy wrote Angels & Demons which is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like comedies?
The Bourne Legacy also stars Matt Damon and was released in 2012.
The Bourne Supremacy was released in 2012 and stars Matt Damon.
Hayao Miyazaki directed The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen it?
Ponyo is a drama film. I'm not sure, but I can tell you Hayao Miyazaki also directed Ponyo, have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but Hayao Miyazaki also starred in The Matrix Revolutions.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Hayao Miyazaki has starred in many films.
Paul Thomas Anderson wrote There's a Wocket in My Pocket, starring Natalie Portman.
There's a whole series of movies that starred Matt Damon and was released in 2011.
You're welcome.
Sure. Paula Hawkins wrote The Great Gatsby and The Grand Budapest Hotel.
The Girl on the Train is written by Paula Hawkins and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome
Sure, have a great day!
Sure, have you read The Manchurian Candidate?
You're welcome, enjoy!
It was written by Kurt Wimmer and is a Speculative fiction.
If you like mystery books, you should check out The Martian Chronicles. It's also a mystery.
Yes. Violets Are Blue is a mystery novel. It's also considered children's literature.
You're welcome.
He wrote the Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories.
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde
Yes, he did write that one
I am not sure
you are welcome
Memoirs of a Geisha was written by Arthur Golden. It's a historical novel. Do you like that genre?
They wrote Memoirs of a Geisha. Memoirs of a Geisha is a historical novel
He also wrote Memoirs of a Geisha
You are welcome
I think he's a great boxer. Did you know he's married to Hayden Panettiere?
Yes, Wladimir Klitschko wrote Scream 4.
I'm not sure. But I know they're a box office hit as well.
Oh yes, that's right. I'm a huge fan of her music.
Green Eggs and Ham is written by Dr. Seuss. It's a children's book.
There's a Wocket in My Pocket written by Richard Condon. Would you like to know more about this?
That's correct. Would you like to know more about that?
It's a great movie! Kung Fu Panda was released in 2010. It's a science fiction film.
He's been in many great movies. He was in the sequel Kung Fu Panda 2 and in the sequel Kung Fu Panda 2.
Yes, she was in Superbad with Emma Stone.
You're welcome.
Yes. E.B. White wrote Stuart Little and Charlotte's Web
Safe Haven was written by Nicholas Sparks who also wrote Three Weeks with my Brother. Have you seen that one?
Natalie Portman stars in the movie. Do you like her?
Sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes, it is about a family with 12 kids. Would you like to watch this movie?
You are most welcome.
The Terminator is starring Christian Bale. Do you like Christian Bale?
Yes, that's correct. Did you know William Hurt starred in The Women of Brewster Place?
Yes, he was in The Women of Brewster Place, along with Paul Winfield.
Will do. I hope you enjoy it.
Natascha McElhone is an actress who starred in The Truman Show and Surviving Picasso.
The Truman Show was released in 1999. It's a great movie.
It was written by Dan Brown. It was released in 2000.
I'm not sure, but it was released in 1998
Have you read The Messenger or The Book Thieves? Both are great books.
Little Bear is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Great! If you like family shows, you should also read A Time to Kill. It's also a short story.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He directed The Manchurian Candidate, starring David Lynch. Have you seen it?
Inland Empire is a Romantic Comedy.
Idiocracy stars Tom Wilkinson and Clint Eastwood.
I'm not sure of the release date.
You got it. Enjoy!
You're welcome.
Sure, Gone with the Wind is written by Margaret Mitchell. Do you like the author or the genre?
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like his work?
I'm not sure, but I know that it is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
You are welcome
Ellen starred in The Stone Angel and The Wicker Man. Have you seen either of those?
Isn't he a tennis player from Spain?
Yes, I agree. I think Serena has won a lot of PGA Championships so far.
Yes, he plays for the Dolphins. I think he's a good player.
Do you like books written by Harper Lee or the genre fiction?
Then you might like To Kill a Mockingbird or The Manchurian Candidate.
You are welcome.
I love her. My favorite song of hers is What's Your Number. Have you read it?
Yes, I like her music. What's your favorite song from her?
No, I didn't know she's married to Natalie Portman. She's a talented actress.
Peter Gallagher starred in The Man in the Iron Mask. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, Sandra Bullock also starred in The O.C. and When You Were Sleeping.
Sure, he also starred in The O.C. and When You Were Sleeping.
You are welcome.
He wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you seen that one?
The Portable Atheist has genre Fiction
He wrote The Portable Atheist and Alice Adventures in Wonderland.
You are welcome
He plays soccer for the Colombia national football team. Do you like soccer?
He played on the Colombia national football team. Are you a fan of his?
I'm not sure, but I know Falcao played on the team.
I think Venus Williams is a great tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I'm not sure who is in that movie. I know Serena is also in a film called Serena.
I'm not sure about that. Is it a thriller?
The Glass Castle was written by Jeannette Walls and was released in 2005. Would you like to know more about this book or other memoirs?
I'm not sure who wrote it, but it was released in 2003.
Alice Sebold wrote The Great Gatsby. Have you read it?
It is a fiction novel.
The Witch of Blackbird Pond is a great fiction novel.
Yes, it was written by Jack London
You are welcome
I think she's a great tennis player. Did you know she was born in Mumbai?
I'm more of a tennis fan. Do you like tennis?
I'm not sure, but I know Hantuchova won the 2012 Olympics.
Yes. Usain Bolt was a great athlete.
Do you like Thor: The Dark World because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Then you might enjoy The Incredible Hulk or The Secret Life of Bees.
Chris Weitz stars in the movie The Golden Compass. Would you like more recommendations?
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
I haven't seen it but I do know that it starred Jim Carrey and J.K. Simmons. Have you seen it?
Yes Wade Williams also stars in The Good Doctor.
Yes he did, Elizabethtown also stars in The Good Doctor.
Breakfast of Champions was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr. and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
He also wrote Welcome to the Monkey House and also Timequake. Have you read those?
Have you read Welcome to the Monkey House? It is a great book.
He directed The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and the Amazing Spider-Man 2.
Did you know John Sayles wrote and directed The Amazing Spiderwick Chronicles?
It's a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
He's a great golfer. Did you know he won the 2010 Masters Tournament?
Phil Mickelson also won the 2010 Masters Tournament.
I'm not sure. I do know Phil Mickelson won the 2010 Masters Tournament.
He has written many books including Breakfast at Tiffany's and Breakfast at Tiffany's.
Mickey Rooney starred in the movie along with Danny DeVito. Have you seen that movie?
I'm not sure about similar movies, but if you like movies with Mickey Rooney, he also starred in The Incredibles.
Yes. Kenneth H. Blanchard wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
It's non-fiction. Do you like non-fiction books?
That's correct. Spencer Johnson also wrote Who Moved My Cheese. You might enjoy that one.
He directed Nowhere Boy and Fifty Shades of Grey. Have you seen those?
I'm not sure who starred in Nowhere Boy. But Fifty Shades of Grey was released in 2015.
Nowhere Boy is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Do you like the genre of Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas?
Yes he did and it was released in 1985. Have you seen it? It's an action film.
I'm not sure about Marathon Man, but I do know that it is classified as a thriller.
I do! She wrote The Virgin Blue, The Lady and the Unicorn. Have you read them?
It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction books?
Yes, Girl With a Pearl Earring was made into a movie. It's a great movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I do like him, he directed The Mist. Have you seen it?
If you like thrillers, you should check out The Mist. It is a great book.
Great, do you know Chris Owen also starred in The Mist?
If you like Woody Allen, you should check out Annie Hall. It's a great movie.
Yes, Dan Gilroy wrote Angels & Demons which is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
Matt Damon Starred in Bourne Legacy
The genre is Thriller
The Last Stand is a good one
the thriller movie starring Matt Damon is good
you are welcome
Where the Sidewalk Ends was written by H.G Wells who also wrote The Secret Life of Bees. Have you read it?
He wrote The Giving Tree, and The Giving Tree. Have you read them?
I'm sorry, I don't know of any authors similar to him.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Luke Bryan is a singer, songwriter, singer, and songwriter. He starred in We Rode in Trucks & Dogs. Have you seen it?
Taylor Swift is a great singer. One of my favorite singers is Selena Gomez.
Yes, I agree.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit. It is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 2005 and was written in English.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Oliver Stone wrote and directed The Doors. Did you know that he also wrote The Doors?
The Doors stars Michael Caine, Joaquin Phoenix, and Joss Whedon.
Yes, it is about the band.
You're welcome.
Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Wise Man's Fear.
You should check out The Name of the Wind. It's a speculative fiction novel.
You're welcome. Enjoy.
Would you like recommendations for other books by Veronica Roth?
Then you might like Wildwood Dancing. Have you read that one yet?
He's an athlete who plays soccer for Manchester United F.C. and a Forward.
He's an athlete who plays soccer for the Manchester United F.C. team.
Thiago Silva is an athlete. He is also an athlete.
I'm not much of a football fan, but I do know the coach is Mike Zimmer. Do you like football?
Yes, I'm a fan of the Miami Dolphins. Do you have a favorite team?
That's cool. Did you know the team was owned by Wayne Weaver?
Sure! Do you like the genre Sci-Fi or Thriller?
She also starred in The Handmaid's Tale. Have you seen that one?
The Last Five Years is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I'm not sure. But I do know that The Last Five Years is also in the genre Psychological thriller.
The Last Five Years is a musical comedy. Is that something you are interested in?
You're welcome.
I do! He's a great actor. He's a great actor. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. You like his movies?
Is he an athlete on the India national cricket team?
I don't really know much about it, but I do know that he is from India.
Yes, he is. Do you know if he plays for Manchester United F.C?
Sure! Scott Westerfeld wrote The Uglies Trilogy. Have you read it?
It was released in 1987 and was written in English
I'm not sure, but I know Pretties was released in 1997.
You're welcome
I think Cesc Fabregas is an athlete. He plays for the Spain national football team. Do you like soccer?
I know that Cesc Fabregas plays for the Spain national team as well.
Yes, Louis van Gaal also coaches Manchester United F.C and Manchester United F.C
I didn't know that, I know that he is from Barcelona.
Joseph Heller wrote The Man in the Iron Mask. Have you read that one?
He's a great author. His most well-known work is .                                                Definitely, a war war novel. He also wrote a lot
Sure, Fifty Shades Freed was written by E. L. James who also wrote The Importance of Being Earnest. Have you read that one?
If you like that series, you should check out The Fifty Shades of Grey. It was also written by E.L. James
Bared to You is also written by E.L. James.
Bared to You was published in April of 2012 and it is part of the series.
You're welcome
Yes, he was the author of The Castle. Have you read it?
It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
You're welcome. Enjoy the book!
That book was written by Laura Hillenbrand, who also wrote The Secret Life of Bees. Have you read that one?
Laura Hillenbrand also wrote The World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Isn't he a point guard for the Denver Nuggets?
Braveheart was written by J.K. Simmons. He also wrote Apocalypto.
Yes he did it was directed by Woody Allen
He wrote the Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
I'm sure you will enjoy it.
He wrote Lord of the Flies. Have you read that one yet?
The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-Believer was released in 2009.
It's a Non-Fiction/Drama. Is that a genre you enjoy?
You're welcome
The Washington Redskins starred in the Super Bowl XLIII. Are you a fan?
That's right, they were runner-ups in Super Bowl XLIII.
Yes, he is. He's a great player.
Sure, Girl with a Pearl Earring is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes. The book is a sci-fi novel.
I'm not sure. I do know that Snow Crash was written by Edith Wharton.
Tropic Thunder was directed by Ben Stiller who also directed Tropic Thunder. Do you like Ben Stiller?
The Cable guy is starring Ryan Gosling and Bill Paxton.
The Passage starring Andy Dick is a good one.
Yes, Diana Gabaldon wrote My Own Heart's Blood.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you The Own Hearts Blood was released in 2009.
Zero to One is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction novels?
You're welcome
Renny Harlin directed The Long Kiss Goodnight and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
I'm not sure, but Renn Harlin starred in this movie
Cutthroat Island was released in 1999.
You are welcome
I'm not a huge fan of the team but I do know they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I think they did better than the Cowboys though. They were a great team.
I am not a huge fan of the Patriots. They were the runner ups in Super Bowl XLI though.
Sure! Doug Liman directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but John-Henry also directed it. If you like dramas, you might also enjoy A Good Day to Die Hard. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure who did the music but John-Henry also did the music for Fair Game.
John Powell starred in it as well as Joaquin Phoenix, who also stars in the film.
Yes, John Henry Butterworths Sibling is also a screenwriter. You might want to check it out.
Dwyane Wade starred in What to Expect When You're Expecting
She's also married to Gabrielle Union. She wrote What's your number?
I'm not sure, but it was written by Steve Harvey.
I haven't seen it but I do know it was written by Richelle Mead. Do you like her work?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it also stars Jennifer Jason Leigh.
If you like sci-fi, you should also check out Zombieland.
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
He directed 300: Rise of an Empire. Have you seen it?
300: Rise of an Empire stars Sullivan Stapleton and Peter Mensah.
300: Rise of an Empire was released in 1999.
I would recommend The Looking Glass Wars. It is a fantasy movie.
Yes. Eva Green is the author of the film.
I'm not sure. I don't know who she is.
You are welcome.
I'm not much of a baseball fan, but I do know that they're owned by Bill Bidwill.
Magic Johnson is a great player. Did you know he was born in Los Angeles?
That's a great entrepreneur. You should definitely check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde. Have you read either of those?
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Would you like to know more about this movie?
The film adaptation of the Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was released in 2008. Would you like to know more about the film?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Doug Scott also starred in a movie called A Time to Kill.
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie.
Sure, it was written by Zora Neale Hurston. Do you like her work?
The Sword of Shannara is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
She also wrote The Sword of Shannara.
I don't know much about Paul Pogba-do, other than he plays soccer. Do you like soccer?
I'm not much of a soccer fan. I know he plays for the Manchester United F.C. team.
I'm not much of a fan of the Tennessee Titans. How about you?
I'm not much of a fan of American Football. Is that a sport you enjoy?
Patrick Suskind is an American novelist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist, essayist
The Grapes of Wrath was written by John Steinbeck and released in 1939. Do you like young adult fiction
Tropic of Cancer is a Cancer novel written by John Steinbeck.
Great. If you like fiction, you should check out Wolf Brother. It's a great read.
I'm sorry I don't know. Anne Tyler also wrote Travels with Charley: In Search of America.
Anne Tyler wrote the Night Watch. It is a fiction novel.
You are welcome have a great day.
Did you like the movie because it was written by Martin McDonagh or because it was a crime fiction?
That's a good one. It also stars Sean Penn. Do you like him?
Helena Mattsson also starred in The Expendables which is a Psychological thriller.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, O Brother, Where Art Thou starred in O Brother, Where Art Thou. It's a Romantic Comedy. Do you like this genre?
She was in Thirteen as well. Another one of her is The Brothers Grimm.
She also starred in The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants.
You're welcome.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca, have you read it?
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks was written by Rebecca Stead.
It's a fiction novel.
He has written The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
It is written by Fredrik Backman and released in 2012. Would you like to know more about it?
2012 was also a great year for thrillers. Do you like thrillers?
Do you like the movie because it's a crime fiction?
Have you seen Zombieland, X-Men Origins: Wolverine? They are all great action movies.
If you like sci fi then you should check out Zombieland X-Men.
Interstellar stars Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal
You're welcome
The Hungers Games: Catching Fire is written by Suzanne Collins and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like fiction books?
He directed The Golden Compass. Have you seen it?
Tom Hanks and Sam Elliot also starred in it.
She also starred in Valentine's Day, It's a Wonderful Life.
You are welcome
Isn't he a tennis player?
I've never been to a match. I've never been to a professional tennis game.
I'm not a huge fan of tennis, but I do know that Andy Murray is from the United States.
Melink Karakosta wrote Le Petit Prince, have you read it?
I'm not sure, but Melina Karakosta also wrote Le Petit Prince.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry is a French novelist who also wrote Le Petit Prince.
Did you like the movie because it was a Thriller or because it was a Thriller?
The Last Stand has genre Thriller, have you seen The Last Stand?
Logan is a superhero movie, released in 2012. It stars Scarlett Johansson and Morgan Freeman.
You're welcome.
Yes, he's a great writer. He wrote The Big Lebowski which is also a comedy. Do you like his work?
I am not sure, but I know that he directed The Wolverine. Have you seen that one?
I like dramas. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Peter Bart wrote The Godfather. Have you read that one yet?
The Godfather also starred Marlon Brando
The Godfather was released in 2001 and stars Marlon Brando.
The Green Mile was written by Frank Darabont who also wrote The Shawshank Redemption. Have you seen that one?
Stephen King wrote The Shawshank Redemption, have you read that one?
There is a film adaptation of The Dead Zone released in 2006. The film is directed by Stephen King.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Christina Baker Kline wrote the book, orphan Train. Have you read it?
She also wrote A Thousand Splendid Suns. Have you read it?
I'm not sure. I know The Way Life Should Be was released in 2013 and The Way Life Should Be.
Of course! The star in I Am Legend is Emma Stone. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but Will Smith also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness. Have you seen that movie?
He was also in The Pursuit of Happyness which is also a Sci-Fi movie.
Hot Fuzz is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Hot Fuzz is an action and adventure film. Do you like those genres?
Yes, it is. If you like adventure films, you might also enjoy The Incredibles.
Yes, I like his song You Love Me. Do you know he's also a singer?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he's also a singer and a lyricist. Do you know him?
I agree, he's a great singer. I like his song The Road to El Dorado. How about you?
To Kill a Mockingbird was written in 1960.
Yes, The Incredible Journey was also written by Emma Watson
I know it was written by Marie Lu and stars Hugh Jackman and Anne Hathaway.
I'm not sure. I can recommend a musical-thriller starring Alonzo Mourning, Steve Buscemi, and Charlie's Angels.
I'm sorry, I don't have any newer films listed.
Yes, I do. The Deer Hunter was written by J.K. Simmons and stars Denzel Washington. Do you like his movies?
The Deer Hunter was directed by Ridley Scott
Yes, Meryl Streep also starred in The Deer Hunter
The River Wild also stars Nick Cassavetes
I'm not a huge fan of the Denver Broncos, but I do know they're owned by Jim Caldwell.
They have a good chance at the end of the season and they have a lot of wins. They have a lot of wins. Do you like them?
Cold Mountain was written by Truman Capote. Do you like it because it is a war film?
I haven't seen it but I do know Renee Zellweger also starred in Shark Night.
Have you seen Shark's Tale? It's a war film.
Yes, J.K Simmons is an actress who starred in Young Adults and Youth in Revolt. Have you seen those?
He's done some great thrillers. One of my favorites is Shark Night. Have you seen it?
The Good Doctor also stars Jennifer Lawrence. It's a thriller that you might like.
Public Enemies starred Ronan Bennett and Colin Firth.
He's been in The Rum Diary and The Rum Diary. Have you seen those?
He's down with James Russo. He was in the comedy The Rum Diary. Have you seen it?
Great! I'll add it to your watch list. Enjoy!
The Fugitive stars Denzel Washington. Do you like Denzel Washington?
The Fugitive was released in 1997.
You might enjoy Return of the Jedi as well.
The Fugitive also stars Harrison Ford. It's a romantic comedy.
Yes he was in that movie as well.
You're welcome. Enjoy the movies!
J.M. Barrie wrote The Sworn Sword. Have you read it?
Yes, Peter Pan also wrote The Mists of Avalon, and The Green Hornet.
It's a fiction novel.
You're welcome.
Karim Benzema plays for the France national football team right?
Karim Benzema plays for the France national football team.
You're welcome.
Yes, it was written by Gary Scott Thompson and stars Paul Walker. Have you seen it?
He also starred in The Chronicles of Riddick. Have you seen it?
I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, Joh Favreau wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign
Yes that's correct. Do you like his movies?
Yes that's a great movie. Did you know he also starred in a comedy film?
You are correct. Kevin Nealon also starred in Wilde and Dazed and Confused. Have you seen those?
I am not sure, but The Gazebo is a Romantic Comedy starring Tom Cruise.
The Gazebo is a great drama film.
Sure! Seth MacFarlane wrote, directed, and produced This is Spinal Tap. Have you seen that one yet?
Family Guy is starring Seth MacFarlane and was released in 1999.
Yes, he also wrote and directed and produced This is Spinal Tap
Skyfall stars Seth Rogen and Mark Wahlberg. Are you a fan?
He has also starred in Wilde and Zulu. Have you seen that one?
It was produced by Wes Anderson and produced by Ralph Fiennes.
I'm not sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm not showing the genre of Adventure, but I can recommend X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, it was written by Charlaine Harris and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Oh yes. She's a great actress. She's also a film producer and a screenwriter.
The Vampires of Sherlock Holmes is a good one. I recommend it.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, David O. Russell directed The Sworn Sword. Have you seen it?
It's a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Jamie Kennedy starred in it.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I love Paper Towns written by John Green and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure, but I know he wrote The Fault in Our Stars. Have you heard of that one?
The Fault in Our Stars was released in 2009. It's a young adult fiction novel.
Max Brooks is an American filmmaker, director, and director. He's been in some great movies. He's been in a number of things. He's been in a number of things. He's been in a number of things. He's been in a number of things. Do you like him?
I'm not sure. I know it was released in 2002.
Sure. I'll add it now. Enjoy!
You're welcome.
Have you seen X-Men Origins: Wolverine? That's a great movie.
If you like Thrillers, you should check out Zombieland.
Great. I hope you enjoy them.
Yes, he wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Would you like to know more about this movie?
You might enjoy The Good Doctor or The Good Doctor. Have you seen them?
Yes, it was written by Michael Endes who also wrote the Watchmen.
Do you like because Tom Cruise is in it or because it is a Action/Adventure movie?
Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie!
I hope you enjoy it.
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
I know that he's married to Cameron Diaz. Do you like her music?
Yes I have and he also wrote Up in the Air with Justin Timberlake.
I do like dramas. Did you know he starred in The Social Network?
I know it was written by Ian Fleming and stars Tom Hanks.
True Lies is a great movie. If you like action movies, you should check out Zoolander. It's a Thriller.
Yes! It's also a Spy Film.
He is a soccer player for the Mexico national football team.
I'm not sure. I don't know much about soccer. Do you know who is he?
You are welcome
Sure, have you read The Alchemist or The Alchemist?
Paulo Cohelo wrote Alan R. Clarke which was released in 1988.
Yes. He wrote Onze minutos as well as Onze minutos.
He's a great actor. He starred in such films as The Mists of Avalon and The Green Mile. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, she did. She also starred in The Mists of Avalon which is a crime fiction film.
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie!
Yes, he plays for the Germany national football team.
The Kansas City Chiefs are a professional American football franchise based in the United States. Are you a fan?
I like to watch Football. What about you?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys, but my favorite team is the Cowboys.
The invention of wings is a book written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr. and released in 1982.
The Last Samurai is written by Marshall Herskovitz starring Yuki Matsuzaki.
Yes, she starred in The Pink Panther 2 along with Tom Cruise. Have you seen it?
Andy Garcia also starred in Wilde and Valkyrie. Have you seen either of those?
Andy Garcia was also in The Road to Perdition and The Other Guys.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I'm not much of a football fan, but I do know that they're owned by Jim Caldwell.
That's a great movie. It's a great movie. Did you know that Ned Beatty starred in it?
I have seen Jerry Maguire. Did you know he also starred in The Shawshank Redemption?
I'm also a huge fan of Justin Bieber. You should check it out.
Sure, he directed Battleship with Louis Lombardi. Have you seen that one?
Battleship also has genre Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
It was written by R.J Palacio and released in 2012.
Yes, The Julian chapter is written by R.J. Palacio and was released in 2014. He also wrote The Last Stand.
Yes, that's correct. He also wrote The Last Stand.
The Last Stand was also released that year
you are welcome
Bill Murray is a great actor. He starred in such movies as The Road to El Dorado. Have you seen that one?
I am not sure, but I know Bill Murray also starred in the movie This is Spinal Tap.
She wrote The Scarlet Letter. Have you read it?
She also wrote The Princess Bride. Have you read it?
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
I'm not sure. I do know that it was written in 1895.
Have you read Wildwood Dancing? It's one of my favorites.
I know of Persuasion written by Jane Austen and released in 1817.
Pride and Prejudice, Persuasion, Persuasion, Pride and Prejudice, Persuasion, Persuasion, Persuasion, Persuasion, Persuasion, Persuasion, Persuasion, Pride and Prejudice, Persuasion, Persuasion, Pride and Prejudice, Persuasion, Pride and Prejudice, Pride and Prejudice, Pride and Prejudice, Persuas, Persuasion, Per
Then you might enjoy Persuasion or Persuasion.
You're welcome.
Sure, she starred in the movies The Gathering Storm and The In Her Shoes. Have you seen those movies?
Tower Heist is a comedy/drama film released in 2004.
Tower Heist also starred Charlize Theron.
You might also enjoy The Passage starring Kyla Pratt.
She wrote оскресение and оскресение.
The most popular Russian book in Russian is The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, it's a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
He is a great actor. He was also in The Good Doctor. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, it was written by Kim Edwards and released in 2005. Do you like her work?
The Memory Keeper's Daughter is another good one by Kim Edwards. Have you read that one?
She also won the Whiting Writers' Award. Do you like Novels?
Snow Crash is written by Neal Stephenson. It's a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Chris Evans starred in What's your number? and The Perfect Storm.
Chris Evans also starred in the Interview with the Vampire Slayer.
I'm not sure. I know it was released in 2007.
You're welcome
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
Yes, Ernest Hemingway also wrote To Have and Have Not.
You're welcome.
You are welcome. Have a great day.
I know he's a tennis player from Switzerland. Do you like tennis?
I am not a fan of tennis but I do know Stan Wawrinka was in the 2012 Olympics.
I'm not sure, but I know he's in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
Running with Scissors was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr who also wrote Tempted which is also a Speculative fiction
A Wolf at the Table was released in 2002. It's a fiction novel that was released in 2007.
I am not sure. I do know that it is a sequel to The book.
You're welcome.
Are you looking for more books written by Jared Diamond?
It's a fiction novel. Do you like those types of books?
Terry Pratchet wrote it. You should check it out.
Wes Craven starred in Scream 4 and Scream 4. Have you seen those?
Wes Craven wrote My Soul to Take, have you seen that one?
I'm not sure if he did, but he did write My Soul to Take, which is a horror film.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, Anne Rice wrote Vittorio the Vampire and Vittorio the Vampire.
Yes, she did write Frankenstein. It was released in 1818.
I'm not sure, but it looks like a book was released in 1999.
The Graveyard Book was written by Neil Gaiman, would you like more books by Neil Gaiman?
The Graveyard Book is actually part of a series. The next in the series is The Adjustment. Have you read that one?
You're welcome.
Lois Lowry wrote When the Wind Blows. It is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
It's a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 2009. The next in the series is 'The Giver'
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like his work?
Yes, he directed The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen that one?
It starred Leonardo DiCaprio who also starred in the film.
It's a historical drama. Do you like those types of movies?
I'm not much of a football fan, but I do know that they are part of the NFC South division.
I'm not sure, but I do know that they won the Super Bowl XIXVIII.
I wish the Seattle Seahawks have a good chance. Who is your favorite player?
I have never been to a game live in person.
Do you like it because it was written by George Lucas or because it was a Thriller?
John Savage is the director
He also directed A Good Day to Die Hard. Have you seen it?
The Bourne Legacy was written by Tony Gilroy and stars Matt Damon. Have you seen it?
Yes he was in that movie. He was also in The Purpose Driven Life. Have you seen that one?
You should check it out. It's a great movie. It's a great movie.
Do you like the author J.R.R Tolkien?
Yes, J.R.R. Tolkien wrote the Lord of the Rings series.
I have seen Snow White and the Huntsman but haven't seen it yet. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure who starred in Grimm's Fairy Tales, but I do know that he was also a producer and a producer.
Matt Damon also starred in The Good Doctor. Do you like him?
You are welcome. Enjoy the movie.
The Lightning Thief is a young-adult fiction book written by Rick Riordan. Do you like young adult fiction?
I haven't read any of them, but I do know that The Lightning Thief is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
It's a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
She's a great actress. She's been in a lot of movies. She's been in a number of things. She's been in such films as The Good, The Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen those?
Sure, Sara Dessen wrote A Thousand Splendid Suns, and Beautiful Creatures. Have you read any of these?
I do not know who starred in that movie.
Inception was written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Prestige.
Yes, Christopher Nolan also wrote The Prestige.
Do you like the book because it's a biography or because it's a biography?
He also wrote To Have and Have Not and The Sun Also Rises.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Stefan Kapicic starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
Deadpool also stars Stefan Kapicic and Stefan Kapicic.
Deadpool is a Thriller
He's a great Athlete. Did you know he's from the United States?
Yes, I think he's a good actor. Speaking of Spirit Soda Company, do you know he's from Miami?
Yes, Lebron James was born in Brooklyn.
The Fault in Our Stars was written by John Green who also wrote Paper Towns.
The book was written by John Green, who also wrote Paper Towns. Have you read it?
Then you might enjoy Looking for Alaska. It is also a young adult fiction book.
This book was written by Elizabeth George Speare, who also wrote Paper Towns.
You're welcome
Sure, he starred in X-Men Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you it is a Romantic Comedy - do you like that genre?
I'm not sure of the release date.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
She's an actress who has been in such films as The Joy Luck Club and The Bones.
It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
Yes, it is. Do you want to know more about Wuthering Heights?
He's a great actor. He starred in The Apostle. Have you seen that movie?
That's a great movie. It stars Timothy Spall, Timothy Spall, Al Pacino, and many more.
I'm not sure, but Robert Duvall also starred in it.
It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You're welcome.
Yes, Mark Waters directed The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and The Amazing Spider-Man 2.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Tod Fennell also starred in the movie.
It falls under the genre of Thriller.
You're welcome.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen who also wrote Pride and Prejudice.
Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion and Pride and Prejudice.
Janet Fitch wrote White Oleander which is a Romance Novel. Would you like to read it?
White Oleander is a Speculative Fiction Novel and was released in 2008.
You are welcome.
Akira Kurosawa was born in Salto, Japan. He directed Seven Samurai. Have you seen it?
He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Tom Cruise, who was also in Seven Samurai, which is more of a drama.
I'm sure you will enjoy it.
It was directed by J.K. Rowling. Do you like her work?
Isn't he the writer of Les Miserables?
Yes it was released in 1862, have you read it?
Yes, he did. He also wrote A Midsummer's Dream
That's a good one. Did you know he also wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream?
Once Upon a Time in the West was written by Mickey Knox. Would you like to know more about this movie?
Sure, Shane is a comedy crime fiction film written and directed by Geoff Taylor
You are welcome
She wrote Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts. Have you read those?
If you like fantasy books, you might also enjoy Where the Wild Things Are. Have you read those?
You're welcome.
He's a great writer! He wrote The Old Curiosity Shop and The Old Curiosity Shop. Have you read either of those?
He also wrote The Old Curiosity Shop and Oliver Twist. Have you read those?
Yes, he did. A Tale of Two Cities was released in 1853.
I will have to check that one out. Thanks for the information!
You're welcome. Enjoy the books!
He's a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics. Do you like him?
I do. What's your favorite sport to watch?
I do. I'm more of a baseball fan. How about you?
I have not seen them play lately. I am a Philadelphia Eagles fan.
I haven't seen it but I do know that it was written by William Nicholson.
He's directed some great movies, including The Incredible Hulk, and The Avengers. Have you seen any of those?
I'm not sure, but Pan's Labyrinth is considered a comic strip. If you like comic movies, you might also enjoy The Shape of Water.
Atlas Shrugged is a science fiction book written by Ayn Rand. Do you like science fiction books?
Yes, Ayn Rand wrote We We Are the Living as well as Ayn Rand. Do you like his work?
We the Living was released in 1957. Would you like to know more about this book?
If I Stay was written by Gayle Forman and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
Have you read Wildwood Dancing? It is also a young-adult fiction.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
You're welcome.
Mark Osborne starred in the TV series The Little Prince. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Seth Rogan is in that film as well as a comedy-drama film.
He's been in some great films. He's been in a number of movies including The Sneetches and The Other Guys. Are you a fan?
Great! I'll add them to your watch list. Enjoy!
Do you like the author James Patterson or the author of 1st to Die?
Katherine Paterson wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and The Great Gilly Hopkins. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it is. Do you like fiction books? If so, you might enjoy The Great Gilly Hopkins.
You are welcome. Enjoy the books!
I'm not much of a basketball fan, but I do know that they're owned by Steve Kerr.
I'm not sure. I'm more of a basketball fan. Are you?
I do. I'm more of a Chicago Bears fan.
I'm more of a fan of the Cowboys. What is your favorite team?
I know that he's an athlete and plays cricket. Do you like cricket?
Yes. I like the Dallas Cowboys.
Yes. Bridget Moynahan was in Coyote Ugly.
He wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read that one yet?
The Boy in the Striped Pajamas is a Children's Literature novel. Do you like Children's literature?
I'm not sure, but I do know that it was released in 1905.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, it was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
It stars a great movie. Did you know it was written by Kyla Pratt?
Blood In, Blood In, was released in 1999.
You're welcome.
Do you like the genre because it's a young adult fiction?
Then you might enjoy Catch-22. It's a suspense starring Jennifer Lawrence.
Sure! It was released in 2007 in English and written by Tatiana de Rosnay.
Yes, she did and it was released in 2009.
She also wrote 'Tis a Woman' , 'Tis a Woman'
You're welcome.
She wrote the Childrens novel Black Beauty
Anna Sewell was born in London, the United States. She is also a musician.
You're welcome.
I have listened to them all the time. Did you know they are friends with Taylor Swift?
I'm not sure if he did play any instrument. I do know that he also plays the guitar.
It's a great show. Would you like me to add it to your playlist?
Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline and was released in 2013. She also wrote Where the Wild Things Are.
I'm not sure. But it was released in 2013. She also wrote A Piece of the World.
How about A Thousand Splendid Suns? It's also written by her.
You're welcome.
Do you like L.A. Confidential because it's a thriller?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
It's a drama. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome.
Yes. J.J. Cohen starred in Back to the Future and Back to the Future.
Then you might enjoy What to Expect When You're Expecting. It's also a great movie.
Yes, CCH Pounder is a writer, writer, and writer. Do you enjoy young adult fiction?
Yes, Kevin Zegers also stared in that movie as well.
Yes, it was a mystery and horror movie.
I'm not sure about Zodiac but I know it was produced by David Fincher.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I think he's a great actor. Did you know he starred in a movie called Russel Wilson?
Yes, he does. Do you like the Seahawks?
I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. How about you?
Sure, Hayao Miyazaki directed The Matrix Revolutions and The Two Towers.
It stars Seth Rogen and was released in 2002. It's a family movie.
Princess Mononoke was released in 2002. It's an action adventure film directed by David Ayer. I'm not sure.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Did you like it because it's a thriller or because it stars Matt Damon?
If you like mysteries, I would recommend The Last Stand. It's also a thriller.
I'll add them to your list!
I'm not sure about that, but I know it's a thriller.
I'll add it to your list! Enjoy!
I'm a huge fan of his. He's a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints, right?
I'm not sure, but I do know that Drew Brees won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award.
I'm hoping for them to win the Super Bowl a long time.
Bruce Willis starred in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen it?
Have you seen A Good Day to Die Hard or The Muppets?
Bruce Willis is a great actor. He also stars in The Hobbit series. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure. It is a crime fiction movie.
Will do! Enjoy!
You're welcome.
That was a great movie. Did you know it was produced by Clint Eastwood, and produced by Clint Eastwood?
Warm Bodies starred Cory Hardrict. Would you like to know more about this movie?
I am not sure who starred in this movie. I do know Cory Hardrict starred in The Day.
You're welcome
Brandon Sanderson wrote Radiance Cycle and Warbreaker. Are you interested in either of those?
It's a crime fiction. Do you like those types of books?
It was released in 2004.
You are welcome
Do you like Mandy Moore or the genre of Mandolin?
I'm not sure, but you might also enjoy The Hangover or The Other Guys. Have you seen those?
I'm not sure, but I do know that Molly Shannon starred in The Santa Clause.
Ender's Game is a speculative fiction novel written by Neil Gaiman. Do you like speculative fiction?
Yes, he wrote Xenocide. Have you read that one?
Have you read Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban? It is a good one.
Great, enjoy the books!
Sure, David O. Russell directed Red Cliff. Have you seen it?
Yes he did. He's a great actor. Did you know he also starred in the movie?
You're welcome
He starred in The Making of Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi. Have you seen it?
He is also a director and a director. He starred in the Star Wars films, The Improbable Adventures of Sherlock Holmes and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
You're welcome, enjoy the movies!
You're welcome. Enjoy the movies!
Did you like the movie because it was a romantic comedy or because it was a romantic comedy?
I don't know of any similar movies, but I do know that Forrest Gump is written by Winston Groom
You are welcome
I like A Christmas Carol, it was written by Charles Dickens. Do you like his work?
Mickey's Christmas Carol is a great movie. Did you know he also starred in The Princess Diaries?
I'm not sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm not sure. Can you tell me more about Evernight Fingers?
You're welcome.
I'm not much of a football fan, but I do know that they are owned by Jim Caldwell.
Yes they were drafted to the New England Patriots. Are you a fan?
John Madden was drafted by Chicago Bulls and John Madden was drafted too.
No I didn't know that. Is it a sports drama?
Of course! Watership Down is a speculative fiction novel written by James Dashner. Do you enjoy that genre?
That is correct. The Lord of the Rings is also a Speculative fiction novel.
Yes, The Two Towers is considered children's literature and Speculative fiction.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Ken Whisenhunt and owned by Bud Adams.
They were the runner ups in Super Bowl XXVIII.
I would say they have a good chance. They won Super Bowl VIII and Super Bowl VIII.
Brad Pitt wrote Troy, which is a great film. Did you know he also wrote Troy, a graphic novel.
If you like historical fiction films, you might also enjoy A Good Day to Die Hard. Have you seen it?
It's a good one. It stars Ryan Gosling and Danny DeVito.
Sure. Enjoy the film.
I haven't seen it but I do know that it was written by J.R.R Tolkien. Do you like his work?
The sequels are: Return of the Jedi, Return of the Jedi, and Return of the Jedi.
Aeon Flux stars Charlize Theron. It's a great movie.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I have seen 50/50. It's a Historical period drama. Do you like those genres?
Yes, he was in 3rd Rock from the Sun. That's a great movie.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, Joseph Gordon Levitt starred in The Sun.
A Walk to Remember was written by Nicholas Sparks who also wrote Nine Stories. Do you like Nicholas Sparks?
The book was written by Nicholas Sparks.
I'm not sure. I can tell you that Last Song was written for a lot of people.
He's a great football player. He's married to Gisele. Have you seen her movie?
Well, if you like the movie Wildcats, you should check out The Manchurian Candidate.
Yes, I agree. I loved him in Bridesmaids Retreat. Have you seen that one?
Aliens is a sci-fi starring Tom Hanks. Do you like sci-fi?
Do you like Volcano because it's a sci-fi or because it's a sci-fi?
He's been in a lot of action movies. He's been in a lot of action movies. He's been in a lot of action movies. If you like action movies, he's in a series called Avatar. Have you seen that one?
Yes he was in Dante's Peak as well as a horror movie.
You're welcome.
I would recommend The Butterfly Effect. It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
William Scott also starred in The Sandman: Endless Nights and The Butterfly Effect.
Then you might like Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
Sure, he starred in Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi.
Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home is a Sci-Fi movie. Walter Koeing also starred in The Last Stand.
The Voyage Home stars Leonard Nimoy. Walter Koeing also starred in the movie A Bug's Life.
You're welcome
Have a great day!
If you like thrillers, you should check out Zoolander. It's a Thriller.
If you like thrillers, you should check out Shark Night. It stars Kyla Pratt.
You're welcome.
Cesc Fabregas is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Spain national team.
I don't know much about American football, but I know he plays for Manchester United F.C and Chelsea.
I don't know much about Rafael Nadal, but I know he's from Spain.
I'm not much of a basketball fan, but I do know that they're owned by Jay-Z.
Yes, he was a point guard as well. Do you like him?
Yes he did and the team is owned by Steve Tisch.
Yes, it was written by Jonathan Nolan and stars Christian Bale. Do you like his work?
The Prestige starred Scarlett Johansson and Morgan Freeman.
I have not seen them but I know The Prestige is starring William Morgan Sheppard
Yes, he is a singer, a lyricist, singer, and a lyricist. Do you like him?
Rita Ora is also a singer and a model.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Adam Brown starred in The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug and The Hobbit: The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey.
He also starred in the Lord of the Rings movie. Have you seen that one?
Great, I will add them to your list. Enjoy!
You're welcome.
Great. Have a great day.
He's a shooting guard for the Denver Nuggets. Do you like him?
I'm not sure. I know he plays for the LA Lakers.
Yes. I think he plays for the Los Angeles Lakers.
That was a great movie. It was written by Philip Kaufman. Do you like his work?
He also starred in Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull
Transformers is a great movie. Shia LaBeouf is in it too
you are welcome
Crescendo is written by Paulo Coelho and it's a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
She also wrote Hush Hush and Silence. Have you read either of those?
Great, I think you will enjoy them.
The Maze Runner was written by James Dashner who also wrote The Scorch Trials and The Kill Order.
The Scortch Trails stars Rosa Salazar, she also stars in the movie The Scortch Trail.
You're welcome
Sure. Jake Gyllenhaal starred in a number of movies, including Catch-22. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure, but it is also considered a Romance and Drama. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes, he has starred in such movies as Zombieland and X-Men: Days After Tomorrow as well.
Yes, he directed Friends with Benefits. Friends with Benefits is a great movie.
Annie stars Liam Neeson and Morgan Freeman
He also starred in The Good Doctor and in The Muppets
Do you like The Notebook because it's a romance novel?
Yes, he was. He wrote Message in a Bottle in a Bottle in a Bottle and many others.
I'm not sure, but I know he was born in Orange County, California.
Yes, the author of the book was Timothy Spall.
Yes, Prince of Tide was written by Neil Gaiman. Would you like to know more about him?
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy them.
Yes, it was written by Stephenie Meyer and it is a Thriller. Have you seen it?
It's a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome. Enjoy the book!
That was written by Nicholas Sparks who also wrote Little Altars Everywhere. Have you read that one?
He wrote The Crucible. Have you read that one?
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Crucible.
He also wrote The Crucible and The Other Guys. Have you read them?
Yes. You may also enjoy The Handmaid's Tale.
The Denver Broncos are owned by Jim Caldwell. Are you a fan?
They are. They were a runner-up in Super Bowl XLIII.
They aren't doing well this year, but they're a great team. They're a great team. They're a great team. They're a great team.
Lolita is written by Vladimir Vladimirovich Naboko and is a romance novel. Do you enjoy romance novels?
I'm sorry I do not have that information at the moment.
Great. Is there anything else I can help with?
You are welcome.
No, I haven't heard his music. What's your favorite song of his?
Yes! Jessica Biel also starred in Someone Like You. Have you seen it?
I've seen Southland Tales. Did you know that he's also a musician?
That book was written by J.K. Rowling who also wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard.
She also wrote The Silkworm and The Cursed Child, Parts One and Two, Parts One and Two. Have you read those?
It's about a serial killer called The Cursed Child, Parts One and Two, written by J.K. Rowling.
Do you like the genre of this book because of the genre or the author?
Sure, it was released in 2002 and was written by Jane Austen.
It was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like her work?
Yes, she also wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard and The Silkworm.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it is in English.
I'm not sure if it is in English.
I'm showing that Bisco Hatori wrote  1.  1 is written in English.
You're welcome. Enjoy the books!
Total Recall is a sci-fi starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like sci-fi?
Yes, he plays for France national football team. Do you follow soccer?
I like James Harden. What is your favorite team?
I'm not a huge fan of TV TV show. Is it a comedy?
I'm a huge fan of TV shows. I'm a huge fan of Biography shows.
I'm not sure. I do know that he's a great actor.
Inception is written by Christopher Nolan and stars Tom Berenger.
Yes, that's correct. Did you know she also starred in The Prestige?
It's a good one. It was released in 2000. It also stars Tom Hardy.
Will do. I hope you enjoy it.
Rob Reiner is an actor. He starred in This is Spinal Tap.
He directed a lot of great movies such as The Walking Dead, a sci-fi, and the X-Men movies as well.
He produced The Met Sally and the TV drama The Incredibles. Have you seen them?
Your welcome.
Jamie Ford wrote The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
They were released in 2009. I'm not sure.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I agree, she's a great singer and actress. Did you know she starred in Princess Protection Program?
I'm not sure who starred in that movie, but Selena Gomez was in Spring Breakers.
It's a really good one. Vanessa Hudgens was in it too. She's a great actress.
Do you like Michael Parks because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
That's right. They won the World Series in 2012. They were the runner-ups in super bowl XLI
I am not a fan of baseball but I do know that they won the World Series in 2012.
The Red Sox were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLIII. Are you a baseball fan?
I think he's a great golfer. Did you know he won the PGA Championship in 2006?
I am not sure. I do know he won the 2007 PGA Championship.
That's interesting. Did you know Phil Mickelson is from Orange County?
Sure, The Hurt Locker stars Katharine McPhee and Rupert Graves.
Yes he did, he also starred in Thor as well.
Sure, The Heart Is Deceitful Above All Things was written by Luc Besson.
Sure, Trucker is added.
The Arizona Cardinals are a professional American football franchise based in the Phoenix metropolitan area.
I'm not sure. I don't follow football much.
I do. What is your favorite college team?
I don't know much about him. Is he a soccer player?
I'm more of a Manchester fan. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan.
I'm not a huge fan of the sport but I do remember when he was in the Olympics. How about you?
It was written in 1985 by Gabriel Garcia Marquez and released in 1985.
You may want to check out The Importance of Being Earnest, which is also written by Smith.
Yes it is written in English and written in English.
Along Came a Spider was written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Hiding Place. Have you read it?
I'm not sure but it is also a suspense / Thriller.
It was written by James Dashner and released in 2012.
You're welcome.
The movie Atonement is written by Ian McEwan and stars Tom Hanks.
Then you might enjoy The Cuckoo's Calling. It's also a Romantic Comedy.
The Sun Also Rises is more of a drama, written by Ernest Hemingway. The Sun also Rises is more of a drama.
Yes, Bob Peck starred in Jurassic Park and Jurassic Park.
You might like Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt. It's a horror film.
Sure, Zombieland and X-Men Origins: Wolverine are some of the actors.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like the author because it's a young adult fiction?
The Lady in the Lake is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
It's a good one. I'm sure you will enjoy it.
I know that Saina Nehwal plays badminton but I know he plays for the Mumbai Indians.
Yes, that's true. Did you know she was born in Mumbai?
The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet is the same author as Hamlet.
If you liked Romeo and Juliet, I would recommend A Midsummer Night's Dream by William Shakespeare.
I am not sure. I do know that Kylie Scott also wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream.
Sense and Sensibility was written by Jane Austen who also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
Pride and Prejudice was also written by Jane Austen.
I think he's a great singer and song writer. Did you know he's also a musician?
Anna Kournikova is also a musician and a model.
If you like pop music, you should check out Zooey Deschanel.
The Aviator stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like his work?
The Aviator also starred Leonardo DiCaprio. He is a great actor.
He starred in The Aviator. Anything else I can help you with today?
Ok, enjoy the movie!
He's a great director. He directed The Warrior's Way, a crime fiction film. Do you like that genre?
Jennifer Esposito stars in it. It's a great movie.
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie.
She wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read either of these?
The Swan Thieves genre is Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure about the genre but I can tell you The Swan Thieves is a novel.
Sure thing, enjoy the book!
Justin Rose is an athlete. He plays golf. Do you like golf?
yes that's a great sport to watch. do you know who is he is?
yes Venus Williams won a PGA Championship. do you like tennis?
Football is my favorite. do you have a favorite team?
i love going to live in person. live in person is awesome!
Aaron Rodgers is a great player.
I'm not much of a football fan. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. How about you?
Georgia Dome is a member of the New England Patriots.
I am a Patriots fan too.
She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Elie Wiesel.
I do. Un di Velt Hot Geshvign was released in 1999. It is a speculative fiction novel.
That's a great read. Did you know that Marion Wiesel also wrote The Handmaid's Tale.
Ethan Suplee wrote Vulgar
Vulgar is a Thriller starring Ethan Suplee. He also starred in The Handmaid's Tale which is also a biography.
Yes, William Scott Scott starred in The Butterfly Effect. He also starred in The Dark Knight Rises.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure. The band is apart of a series, a series of songs starring Justin Timberlake. Do you like their music?
Yes, Gwyneth Paltrow is with them.
I'm not sure. I don't know if it's touring.
You're welcome.
I'm more of a Patriots fan. Are you a Patriots fan?
That is correct. Do you like football?
Well, I know that they're playing the Red Skins today.
Oh yeah, Walter Payton did a great job.
Terry George directed The Assassination of Jesse. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but he did write Pirates of the Caribbean: Legend of Tarzan.
It's a drama. Do you like drama?
You are welcome
Beatrix Potter wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard. Have you read it?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you The Tales of Peter Rabbit was released in 2008.
I'm not sure. Beatrix has many professions, including Phyllida Law, Eleanor Bron
You're welcome.
Yes, it was written by X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Would you like to know more about this?
He also starred in Step Brothers. Have you seen that one?
It's a biographical drama.
I hope you enjoy it.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you The Proposal is a romantic comedy.
Alice in Wonderland was written by Tim Burton. Do you like his work?
Lewis Carroll also wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Anything else I can answer?
You are welcome. Anything else?
You're welcome
The Incredibles was written by Ben Affleck. Ben Affleck also wrote Toy Story. Do you like his work?
Yes, The Incredibles was written by John Green, who also wrote Toy Story. Have you seen that one?
I am not sure, but I do know that John Ratzenberger also starred in Ratatouille.
Yes, he plays professional basketball as a point guard for the Denver Nuggets.
I don't really know much about it, I don't know much about it, other than he plays for the Denver Nuggets. I don't know much about it.
I'm not a huge fan of the New England Patriots. Do you have a favorite team?
I'm more of a Denver Broncos fan. How about you?
I'm not much of a baseball fan. I'm more of a American Football fan.
I haven't seen Fight Club but I know it was written by Jim Uhls and stars Brad Pitt.
Yes, she's a great singer. Did you know she won the Grammy for Best Pop Video Music Award for Best Pop Video?
Did you know she is friends with Kelly Clarkson? She has a lot of talent in her songs.
I'm not a huge fan of the music genre, but I do know that she has a good voice. She has a good voice.
I like Heavy metal and rock. I'm more of a Justin Timberlake fan.
Hot Fuzz is written by Vince Vaughn and stars Jim Carrey. Do you like Vince Vaughn?
Did you like the movie because it was a crime fiction?
Have you seen Shark Night, starring Kyla Pratt, or Kyla Pratt?
Rum Diary stars Nicole Kidman and it was released in 2002.
You're welcome.
I think he's a great golfer. Do you like golf?
That's good to know. Did you know he's from Dallas?
I haven't but I do know that Jordan Spieth won the 2010 PGA Championship.
Serenity was written by Joss Whedon and stars Jennifer Jason Leigh.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome.
It's a good one. I'm sure you will enjoy it.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Michael Gondy is an actor who starred in We Bought a Zoo. Have you seen that movie?
Be Kind Remind starred Ella Enchanted. He also starred in the movie.
Yes, I like them especially Adam Levine. Do you like them?
I like their song We Rode in Trucks, do you know it?
Do you like that song because it is a first song?
I'm not a huge fan of his music. Did you know he starred in The Wiz?
I'm not sure if Diana Ross is in a relationship with Woody Harrelson, but I do know that he was a singer and a musician.
I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
He is a soccer player. He plays for Manchester United F.C.
I'm not much of a fan either. What is your favorite soccer team?
I'm not familiar with Mark Hughes. Is he a Midfielder?
Sure, Shrek was written by Mike Myers who also wrote Monsters vs. Aliens.
I do. Are you looking for movies with the same actor or do you like thrillers?
I do not know who stars in Day After Tomorrow.
You're welcome.
Sure, Lea Thompson starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wild Life. Have you seen either of those?
The main character in that movie is Lea Thompson. Do you like her work?
I'm not sure who starred in this movie, but Randy Quaid also starred in this movie.
Yes, she wrote Hush Hush and Silence. Have you read either of those?
She also wrote a book called Silence.
Hush hush is a young adult fiction book.
You are welcome
I'm not sure who directed it but the simpsons movie was written by Steve Tisch and stars Tom Hanks.
He also directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure who starred in that movie, but I do know it was written by Jess Whedon.
You are most welcome.
Gore Verbinski wrote Rango starring Johnny Depp.
Sure! Rango is a crime fiction film directed by Gore Verbinski. Do you like crime fiction?
Yes! Rango is considered a thriller and drama.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
21 Jump Street is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Ride Along stars Ryan Gosling and Rob Riggle.
You are welcome.
I'm not sure about the new comedy movie, but I can tell you some other comedies that you might enjoy are Zombieland and Zoolander.
Yes I do. She wrote A Little Princess. Have you read it?
Have you read The Tale of the Body Thief because it is a Speculative fiction?
The Vampire Chronicles is a great book. I'm sure you will enjoy it.
The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins. Do you like young adult fiction?
I'm not sure of the release date.
You're welcome.
She wrote Mansfield Park. Have you heard of it?
Mansfield Park is a Speculative Fiction.
I do. Mansfield Park is a romance novel. Would you like to know more about it?
I'm not sure about murder mystery. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I haven't seen the movie Murder on the Orient Express. Have you seen it?
Sure! Victor Hugo has written some great books, including The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read any of these?
These books fall into the genre of fiction.
You're welcome. Enjoy the book!
She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie. Have you seen either of those?
Amelie is a romantic comedy film released in 1996.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Luke Bryan wrote We Rode in Trucks, We Rode in Trucks, We Rode in Trucks, We Rode in Trucks and many more!
Yes, he's from Leesburg, isn't he?
He's with the New York Knicks and he's with the New York Knicks.
Marlon Brando is known for starring in the Young Lions and The Wild One. Have you seen these movies?
He's a great actor. He starred in The Young Lions, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, and The Other Guys.
I'd recommend The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. It's a romantic comedy.
I'm not a huge fan of him but I do know that he plays for the Golden State Warriors.
Yes I am a basketball fan. Do you know who is your favorite player?
Yes, he won NBA All-Rookie Team.
Yes, he won that NBA All Rookie Team.
Mervryn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
Vladimir Nabokov also wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
Luigi Pistilli has written The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read this book before?
Machine Gun Gun is starring Luigi Pistilli.
Yes she was. She also starred in the movie A Bug's Life. Have you seen it?
You're welcome. Enjoy the movies!
The only one that comes to mind is What's your number
That is a great movie, starring Tim Blakeney Sidibe. Would you like to watch it?
Yelling to the Sky has genre Adventure. what else can i answer for you?
Ok, I will do that.
No weight loss. weight loss is also a good movie.
Do you like The Dark Knight because it's a superhero movie?
Then you might like The Manchurian Candidate, starring Morgan Freeman.
The most popular adventure movie in the genre is The Dark Knight. Have you seen it?
Starsky starred in a blockbuster film released in 2004.
I hope you enjoy it.
The Fault in Our Stars is a popular one by L.M Montgomery.
The Blue Castle came out in 2003. It was written in English.
The Blue Castle came out in 1926. It is a classic.
Sure, Christopher Meloni also starred in The Wrestler. Have you seen that one?
If you like romance films, Christopher Meloni also stars in The Wrestler. Have you seen that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have anymore information on that movie.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Shawshank Redemption is written by Stephen King.
Yes he did. He also starred in The Mist.
The Mask of Zorro is also a good one.
You're welcome
He sang Night of Your Life and Love is Gone. Have you heard those songs?
I do like his music. Did you know he was born in Paris?
I like Justin Bieber, he is a great artist. Do you like his music?
I like her too. Have a great day.
The Interview was written by Cyrus Norwrasteh, who also wrote The Young Messiah.
it is a psychological thriller. Do you like those types of movies?
you are welcome have a great day
you are welcome have a great day
Did you like Knocked Up because it was a comedy or because it was a comedy?
Funny People was released in 2003.
Funny people is a sci-fi, comedy, and adventure movie. I recommend it for you.
You are welcome.
Paul Pogba is a Midfielder and he plays for Manchester United F.C.
Yes they were the runner ups in the 1976 Cup Final.
Who is your favorite team?
I don't know of Ryan Griggs, but I do know he plays for the San Francisco 49ers.
He's a great athlete. He's been in many movies. He's been in many movies. Have you seen him in The Lord of the Rings movies?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romance?
I'm not sure, but I do know that Spike Lee directed The Green Hornet.
Sue Monk Kidd wrote The House at Pooh Corner. Have you heard of it?
He was influenced by Richard Linklater who also starred in The Polar Express.
I'm not sure, but I do know he was born in Rochester.
Barbara Kingsolver starred in The Lacuna, The Lacuna, and The Lacuna.
It's genre is Romance and Historical fiction.
Zoe's Tale is written by John Scalzi and is a Thriller.
You're welcome.
I think she's a great singer and actress. Did you know she starred in Princess Protection Program?
Yes. That's a great movie. Did you know Tom Hanks starred in it?
I'm not sure about Tommy Chong, but I know he's a great actor.
Do you like it because it's a satire or a satire?
Have you read Dead to the World? It's a mystery novel.
I'm sorry, I don't have anymore information on Trunk Music. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Do you like it because it's a romance or because it's a romance?
Skyfall is a crime fiction movie. Do you like those types of movies?
I do not know who stars in it.
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
I'm not much of a fan, but I do know they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLIII.
Oh yeah, I remember when they won the Super Bowl XXVIII.
The Steelers were the runner ups in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Yes, it's a great movie starring Kevin Spacey. Do you like Kevin Spacey?
I do like thrillers. You should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
I have not seen Unfinished Business but I know it is a Thriller.
I do like hip hop. Do you like hip hop movies?
I like rock. I'm also a huge fan of alternative rock.
I am not sure about that. But I do know that Zipper was released in 2015.
Yes, John Green wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
That is correct. Do you like young adult fiction?
You are welcome.
I know that he's a great actor. Did you know he was born in Los Angeles?
Olivia Wilde also starred in The Last Stand along with Danny DeVito
Working Girl is a great movie, have you seen it?
You're welcome
Frank McCourt wrote Teacher Man. Have you seen it?
It's a baseball team. I'm not sure. I don't know about it.
Yea, amazing. I'll have to go there. Thanks for the recommendation.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Do you like it because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Channing Tatum starred in Tatum. Would you like to see that movie?
I'm not sure.
Your welcome.
Yes, it's a great book. It was written by Oz and is part of a series. Do you like fantasy books?
Yes she has a great voice. Did you know she was born in Rio de Janeiro?
Yes, I love that show. Did you know Sam & Cat was also a romantic comedy?
Yes, she is. Do you know if she won any awards?
I'm not sure. I'm sure it was her most recent album, but it was released in 2016. I'm not sure.
I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
It came out in 2002. Do you like Fantasy movies?
The next book in the series is The Lord of the Rings.
The Rock was directed by Michael Bay and released in 1996. If you like his work, you might also enjoy Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt. Do you like Kyla Pratt?
You should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt
He's a soccer player who plays forward for the Rodriguez team. Do you like soccer?
Yes I am. My favorite team is the Lakers.
He plays the midfielder.
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski who also wrote The Matrix Revisited.
The Golden Compass is a great sci-fi movie
You're welcome.
Harold Ramis wrote and directed The Big Lebowski. Have you seen it?
Groundhog Day is a Thriller. It stars Ralph Fiennes who also stars in the movie. Do you like his movies?
It is. It's a romantic comedy, starring Bill Murray.
I sure can! Chiaki Kuriyama starred in Kill Bill Vol. 1 and Kill Bill Vol. 1 together. Have you seen those?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you The Sky Crawlers came out in 2002.
The Sky Crawlers was released in 2003 and stars Keanu Reeves and Judy Greer.
The Great Yokai War also starred Charlize Theron and Rachel McAdams.
Sure, no problem.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of a series. The next in the series is The Oz Books, have you read that one?
Then you might enjoy The Wonderful Wizard of Oz. It is also a speculative fiction.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I have not heard of her song, but I know she is a great singer. Do you like her music?
No, I haven't heard it, but I do like electronic dance music. Do you like that genre?
That's awesome! She's from Nashville isn't her debut studio album, and Isn't she a singer?
He has also written Breakfast at Tiffany's and Truman Capotes In Cold Blood.
Breakfast at Tiffany's starred Matt Damon and was released in 2003.
Breakfast at Tiffany's has a great cast consisting of Natalie Portman, Michael Byrne, and William Burroughs.
I know he was born in Oakland, California. He won the 2012 PGA Championship.
Sure. SteveJobs has been in a lot of movies. He's been in a number of movies. He's also been in a number of movies. Would you like to know more about the movies?
It is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie.
You are welcome. Have a great day.
Guy Kawasaki also starred in The Green Hornet. Have you seen this movie yet?
Well, Guy Kawasaki wrote The Art of the Start, which is also a Non-fiction.
He wrote Winnie the Pooh and The Wiz. Have you read either of those?
The Ugly Truth Now is written by Nick Cassavetes
It was released in 2004
your welcome
I think he's a good player. Did you know he's from Chicago?
I'm not sure, but I know Derrick Rose is from the Chicago Bears.
Oh wow. That's interesting. I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
I'm not much of a baseball fan, but I do know they're owned by Fred Wilpon. Do you like baseball?
That's right. Did you know their mascot is named Miles?
My favorite team is the Red Sox. What's your favorite team?
He's a great soccer player. He plays for the Mexico national football team.
I'm not a big soccer fan. Is he from Guadalajara?
I'm a fan of her music. Do you?
Stephen Sommers wrote Van Helsing. Have you seen it?
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You might also like The Mummy Returns. It's also considered a thriller.
I'm not sure, but it's also considered a thriller.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Trainspotting is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You might enjoy Wildwood Dancing, or Wildwood Dancing. Have you seen any of these?
You might enjoy The Indy. It also stars Ralph Fiennes.
Yes, Rogue Nation is a great movie. It was released in 2006. Would you like to know more about it?
If you like action movies, you might enjoy The Last Samurai. Have you seen that one?
It's a great movie. It's a great movie. It's a great movie. It was released in 1999.
You're welcome.
Sure, he wrote Untamed: A House of Night Novel and Redeemed. Have you read either of those?
The Tempted is a young adult fiction novel. Do you like young adult fiction?
I'm not sure. But it's part of a series. It's part of a series.
Wicked Lovely also has a genre of Suspense, Fantasy, and Children's Literature. You might enjoy those.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway. Do you like Hemingway?
It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
If you like romance novels, you should check out To Have and Have Not. It's more of a classic.
You're welcome.
I like the Patriots, they're a great team. Did you know they won the Super Bowl XLIII Championship?
I'm not sure. I think they'll play the Super Bowl this year.
That's right. He's married to Gisele Bundchen. She's a great actress.
Do you like the movie because it's a crime fiction?
The first one was written by Rachel Blake and released in 2012.
The film was directed by Peter Craig
Great.
Did you like WALL-E because it was a Thriller?
If you like sci-fi, you should check out Zombieland.
It stars Scarlett Johansson and Tom Cruise. It is a great movie.
I am not sure, but i know he directed The Goonies and I Am Number Four
I like Katy Perry, she's a great singer. Did you know she starred in The Muppets a musical comedy film?
No, I didn't know that. I'm not sure if she was in anything else.
I do like him. He's a great actor. I liked him in The Muppets.
We're the Millers is a great movie. Did you know he starred in Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi
Yes, he was in that movie. Did you know he also starred in The Wildest Dream?
That's a great movie. You should check it out. It's hilarious!
Yes, it was written by Meg Cabot and stars Anne Hathaway. Have you seen it?
Sure, Merryl Streep also starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Revolutions
I have not seen it, but it is a comedy drama film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
It's a X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
Underdog is a good one. If you like Fantasy movies, you should check out Zoolander.
The main lead in The Wolverine is Jennifer Lawrence.
You are welcome.
Thomas E Connolly wrote The Fault in Our Stars and The Invisibles. Have you read either of those?
Thomas E. Connolly wrote The Scarlet Letter. He also wrote The Road to El Dorado.
You're welcome.
Yes, it was written by Sean Penn and stars Sean Penn. Do you like Sean Penn?
Yes, he was a writer and a screenwriter. He was also a screenwriter.
You're welcome.
Yes I do. It was written by Quentin Tarantino and stars Johnny Depp.
If you like children's movies, I would recommend The Rum Diary. It's also a good one.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Robin Hobb wrote The Mad Ship and The Golden Fool. Have you read either of those?
Robin Hobb wrote The Golden Compass and The Golden Compass.
Sure, you might enjoy The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars
You are welcome. Enjoy the books
He wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Importance of Being Earnest. Have you read either of those?
It's a Speculative fiction as well as historical fiction. Dorian Gray was released in 2005.
I can't remember when it came out but it's a good read.
Great, enjoy the book!
Yes, it was written by Sarah J Maas and released in 2012. She also wrote Assassin and the Underworld
Yes, it was released in 2012. Would you like to know more about it?
The Assassin and the Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales was also released in 2016
You are welcome. Enjoy the movies!
Jennifer Ehle starred in Zero Dark Thirty. Have you seen that one?
No Mark Boal wrote Zero Dark Thirty. If you like Mark Boal, you should check it out.
I agree, she's a great actress.
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Colombia national football team.
James Rodrguez is a soccer player. He plays for the Colombia national football team.
Oh yeah, she's from Columbia. What's her team?
Do you like it because it's a satire or because it was a satire?
You might also enjoy Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
You're welcome
My favorite team is the Broncos. My favorite team is the Broncos. What is your favorite team?
Not really. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. How about you?
I'm not much of a football fan. I don't know much about them, but I know they play in the NFC East.
I'm not a big fan of soccer. I prefer American Football. How about you?
I'm a huge fan of American Football. I'm more of a American Football fan. What about you?
Yes, he was. Did you know he was from Paris?
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People is written by Stephen R. Covey, who also wrote Self-Help and Influence People. Have you read either of these?
Stephen R. C. O'Brien wrote The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People and it was released in 2001
The Magician's Nephew was also released that year
yea i'm sure you will like it
I'm not familiar with the movie starring Jim Carrey. What do you like about it?
You should check out Charlie and the Choocolate Factory. It is a family movie and it is also a sci-fi.
Oh yes, have you seen the other Pirates of the Caribbean movies?
Do you like action/adventure movies?
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest was written by Jonathan Nolan. He also wrote The Cabin in the Woods.
Another drama you might enjoy is The Man on the Moon. Have you seen that one?
That's a great one. Another great historical period drama that you might enjoy is The Manchurian Candidate.
Well, if you're looking for something like that, you should check out The House at Pooh Corner. It's a great movie.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, she wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
Vanishing Girls is a young-adult fiction novel. Do you like young adult fiction?
You're welcome.
Paul McCartney wrote Yellow Submarine. Yellow Submarine is starring John Lennon.
Did you know that he's also a film producer?
Yes, he is also a member of the Velvet Underground.
Kyrie Irving plays for the Golden State Warriors.
He won NBA All-Rookie of the Year award too!
I'm not sure, but I know he is from the United States.
The Island was written by Roberto Orci and stars Tom Everett. Do you like his work?
Well, if you like sci fi, you should check out Zombieland. It's a Thriller.
It's a good movie. It stars Jason Bateman, Jason Bateman, and Michael Caine.
You're welcome.
I'm not much of a fan of his but I know he was in the action film Harsh Times. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was in a great crime fiction movie.
Batman was released in 2006 and stars Christian Bale.
You're welcome.
Yes, The Red Pyramid was written by Rick Riordan and is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like Speculative fiction?
The Throne of Fire and The Throne of Fire are similar.
you are welcome
He's a soccer player for the Barcelona F.C Barcelona. Do you like soccer?
Yes, I do. He is a Midfielder.
The Dallas Cowboys are my favorite team, do you follow them?
Sean Barrett wrote The Skulls. It's a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
yes it was in English.
Yes it was a great book.
Haaaa
I don't know much about them except that Leslie Alexander plays for them. Do you like basketball?
I am not a big fan of basketball but I do enjoy watching the Rockets. How about you?
I don't know much about them now. Isn't he a great player?
He wrote Candide. Do you like Fiction books?
It's in the genre of Thriller and was released in 2010.
If you like novels by William Shakespeare, you might enjoy The Tragedy. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
The Handmaid's Tale is another great children's book written by the same author. Have you read that one yet?
He sure is! He also wrote The Handmaid's Tale and The House at Pooh Corner.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Isn't he a soccer player?
I'm not sure about that. Is he from Liverpool?
That's cool. Did you know that Colleen Rooney won BBC Young Sports Personality of the Year Award?
I know it's a soccer team coached by Fernando Hierro. Do you like soccer?
I'm not sure. I don't know of any other players on the team.
I enjoy watching football. What is your favorite team?
Are you looking for more by the same author or young adult fiction?
Then you might enjoy The Looking Glass Wars or The Golden Compass.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Pulp Fiction was released in 1994. It's a crime fiction. Do you like that genre?
John Travolta also starred in Confederacy of Dunces.
Done! Enjoy!
Isn't he a soccer player for the Brazil national football team?
It is a speculative fiction novel.
Yes, he wrote The Last Samurai.
I'm not sure.
I'm sorry I don't know Spanish.
No problem.
I'm not a huge fan of baseball but I do enjoy watching the Mets. How about you?
I'm not sure. I do know they're in the National League as well.
I'm not sure. I do know that they're owned by Fred Wilpon.
I'm not much of a fan of the Tennessee Titans. I do know they are part of the NFC South division.
My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks. Do you have a favorite team?
I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. What is your favorite team?
Tuesdays with Morrie is written by Mitch Albom. Would you like to know more about this author?
Patricia Cornwell wrote The Grand Budapest Hotel. Have you read it?
She wrote The Secret Life of Bees, which is also a mystery novel.
That's a great one. Did you know it was written by John Scalzi?
Yes he is, he also wrote The Secret Life of Bees, which is a fiction book.
That was written by Tim Dolin and released in 1891. Do you like his work?
He also wrote 'Ts of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented'.
The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-Believer was released in 1891.
The Return of the Native was released in 1891.
Yes, Jamel Debbouze starred in True Lies and The Big Lebowski. Have you seen either of those?
Jamel also starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which is also a comedy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie. Have you seen either of those?
Anne Hathaway also starred in it. She's a great actress.
I'm not sure, but it also stars Valérie Lemercier.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, he's a great golfer. He won the 2012 PGA Championship. Are you a fan?
No, I'm not much of a golf fan. Are you a fan?
I'm not mistaken he was also from Northern Ireland. I love his music.
Sure, Tron: Legacy is starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more about this movie?
It is a sci-fi movie. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that it is also a sci-fi movie.
Great, enjoy the movie!
District 9 is written by District 9 and a Thriller. Do you enjoy Thrillers?
If you like thrillers, you should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
The Neon Demon stars Johnny Depp and it's a psychological thriller.
You are welcome. Enjoy the movie.
I'm not much of a fan of her music. She sings a lot of different types of songs. What's your favorite song?
Yes, they won the BNC Music Award for Best Pop Video Music Award.
I like both of them. My favorite singer is Taylor Swift though.
I'm not sure. I think it was released in 2007.
Yes, I know that it was written by Diana Gabaldon and it's a young adult fiction novel. Do you enjoy young adult fiction?
Sure, you might like Zoe's Tale, Z for Zachariah, or Xenocide. They are all speculative fiction.
Edward Jones wrote a series of novels such as; on Flux and . Have you read them?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Todd Phillips wrote The Hangover Part II. Have you read that one?
Have you seen the Hangover Part II? The Hangover Part II is written by Todd Phillips
The Hangover Part II is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
I'm not much of a basketball fan, but I do know that Kyrie Ivring plays for the Golden State Warriors.
I do. Did you know that it was written by J.K. Rowling?
I haven't read it but I know it was a Romance Novel. Do you like Romance Novels?
I'm not sure, but I know she did write Winter Garden as well.
You're welcome.
Benjamin Martinez wrote II Principe didn't he?
I am not sure, but I can tell you it was written in English
I will have to read his other books
Have a good day
Sure! Up was written by Pete Docter and stars Sam Elliot. It's a great family movie.
He wrote Up and also wrote The Longest Yard. Have you read those?
It is a crime fiction
I would recommend The Fault in Our Stars. It is also a Family Movie.
You are welcome.
The team is owned by Leslie Alexander. They are part of the NBA.
The team was the runner up in the 2008 NBA Finals
I don't know much about Hardaway, other than he plays for the Houston Rockets
Yes, Renaldo Balkman is a great player as well.
The Gunslinger was written by Stephen King and released in 1982. Do you like Stephen King books?
That's a great choice. It was released in 1991. Stephen King also wrote Star Trek which is also a thriller.
You're welcome.
Do you like Fight Club because it's a Thriller?
Zodiac is a crime fiction film, do you like those types of movies?
It is produced by David Fincher
I'm not much of a football fan, but I do know that the team is owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I'm more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan. Do you have a favorite team?
I'm not sure. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan.
I'm not sure. I'm more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan.
He starred in 1Q84 movies. Have you seen that one?
He also wrote one movie called The Shackleton
I'm not sure, but I know it was released in 2005
I am not sure but i know he wrote the book 1
You are welcome
Tuesdays with Morrie is written by Mitch Albom. Would you like to know more about this book?
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre Speculative fiction.
Sure. He also wrote A Confederacy of Dunces which is also a book.
You're welcome.
Do you like the movie because it's a sci-fi or because it's a adventure?
Did you know Predators was written by Michael Bay, who also wrote Transformers: Dark of the Moon, and he also starred in The Dark Knight
Next in the series is Avengers: Age of Ultron.
Insurgent was written and produced by Veronica Roth. Do you like her work?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I have not read it, but I know it was written by Billie Leterrier. Do you like his work?
The Honk and Holler Opening Soon are a couple good drama books
He also wrote The Crucible.
You're welcome
He starred in The Warrior's Way and The Hunt for Red October. Have you seen those?
I will have to check it out. Did you know that she also starred in a romance film?
I'm not sure, but it also stars Sex and the City, which is a comedy.
Yes, he was in Too Big to Fail. It's a Thriller. I'm not sure.
William Hurt also starred in Days of Thunder, which is a Historical period drama.
Did you know that F. Murray Abraham starred in Thir13en Ghosts and The Grand Budapest Hotel?
Sure. He also starred in The Grand Budapest Hotel and The Grand Budapest Hotel.
Sure! Do you like science fiction movies?
The Avengers: Age of Ultron stars Scarlett Johansson.
I'm not sure. But it is also a thriller.
You are welcome
Isn't he a point guard for the Golden State Warriors?
I'm a soccer fan. I'm more of a American Football fan. What about you?
I'm not a huge fan of the New York Giants. What is your favorite team?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt.
I am not a fan of the Seahawks, but I do know they won the PGA Championship in 2012.
I like the Patriots. What is your favorite team?
I have not read Outlander but I know it was written by Ben Affleck.
If you like Outlander, you might also enjoy The Scottish Prisoner. It's a great read.
If you like sci-fi, you should also check out Aeon Flux and Aeon Flux.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I have not read it, but I know it was written by Harper Lee
That's a great book. It was written by Harper Lee, who also wrote Go Set a Watchman.
Then you might like To Kill a Mockingbird
You're welcome
I'm not much of a soccer fan. I do know that they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
Well, Jürgen Klinsmann also starred in Waiting to Exhale, which is a great movie.
He's a great actor. He's been in such films as Speed Racer.
One for the Money is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Princess Diaries was written by Meg Cabot. Do you like her work?
Yes, Stephenie Meyer also wrote The Chemist.
I am not sure, but it is written by Meg Cabot
You are welcome.
Inside Out was written by Dan Brown and stars Denzel Washington. Do you like Denzel Washington?
She also starred in V for Vendetta. Have you seen it?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romance?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Great, have a great day!
Well, he starred in a few movies like Wild Bill, Welcome to the Punch. Have you seen those?
She has a television show called The Longest Yard. Would you like to know more about it?
She has been in a number of movies. Would you like to know about any movies she has starred in?
Sure, Ron Howard directed The Missing. He also directed The Missing. Have you seen it?
Well, Ron Howard directed A Beautiful Mind, which is a historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
I didn't know that. I know he directed The Mists of Avalon, which is a historical drama.
Well, he directed Robin Hood, it's a great movie.
Mr. & Mrs Smith was written by Simon Kinberg and stars Tom Hanks. Would you like to know more about this movie?
If you like Brad Pitt, you should check out Troy. It is also a Romantic Comedy.
Sure, Donnie Darko is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he did write Box. Box is a Thriller.
I'm not sure, but it is a thriller.
The Golden Compass starring Kyla Pratt is a great Thriller. Have you seen it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Assassin and the Underworld is a good one. Have you read it?
Tower of Dawn is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Well, Tower of Dawn was released in 2008. I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
Do you like the movie because it's a Crime Fiction?
Gothika is a comedy/drama film released in 2004. It also stars Robert Downey Jr. as well.
You are welcome. Enjoy the movie.
She wrote Go Ask Alice. Have you read it?
It's a drama. Do you like dramas? If so, it's also a biography.
You're welcome. Enjoy the books.
The Proposal is starring Sandra Bullock. Do you like her movies?
She's a great actress. She was also in The Proposal. Have you seen that one?
It's a comedy. Do you like comedies?
You're welcome
I have not read the book but I know it was written by John Green and is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
He also wrote The Fault in Our Stars and The Fault in Our Stars.
It's a young adult fiction book. It's similar to The Fault in Our Stars and Paper Towns.
You're welcome
Outlander was written by Ben Affleck. Ben Affleck also wrote Outlander. Ben Affleck also wrote Outlander.
Brave New World was released in 2009.
It's a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
Eleanor & Park was written by Rainbow Rowell. Are you a fan of her work?
Yes, she also wrote My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories and Landline
They are all fiction.
You are welcome
Rich Moore starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. Did you know that John C. Reilly also starred in Rear Window?
I'm not sure, but I do know that Wreck-It Ralph was written by John C. O'Brien.
I don't know much about her, other than she's a tennis player. Do you like her?
I like both Venus Williams and Serena Williams. I think Venus Williams is better than Venus Williams.
I'm not sure, but I do know that Serena Williams starred in it as well.
Sure! Zach Snyder starred in The Mists of Avalon and The Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen those?
Sure, some of the actors in that movie are Vanessa Redgrave and Nick Cassavetes.
Yes, it's a comedy. Also, Watchmen is also a thriller.
Then you might enjoy The Manchurian Candidate or The Manchurian Candidate.
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing. Have you read that one?
Then you might enjoy The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor. Have you read it?
Yes, it's a series. It's part of a series. The next in the series is The Golden Compass. Have you read that?
Sure, you might enjoy The Golden Compass or The Witching Hour.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
Rebecca was written by Sylvester Stallone.
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
My Cousin Rachel starred in No Country for Old Men. It is a Historical period drama.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I'm not much of a football fan, but I do know that they're owned by Jim Caldwell.
Case Keenum was a quarterback for the Denver Broncos. He's from the United States. Do you like him?
The New England Patriots are their coach. Do you know who their coach is?
I enjoy basketball. Do you have a favorite team?
He's a great player. He's also a point guard.
I know he plays soccer for the Spain national football team. Do you like soccer?
I am not sure who else is on the team. Do you know Andrés Iniesta is a Midfielder.
Yes, they are. They were the runner-ups in the 2012 Olympics.
Do you like young adult fiction or young adult fiction?
It's a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Great. If you like science fiction you should check out the next book in the series called A Wind in the Door. Have you read it?
Yes it was written by Robert O'Brien and it is also a Speculative fiction.
I do like his music. Did you know he was born in Honolulu?
My favorite one of his is The Lazy Song. Have you seen it?
No I haven't. What is your favorite song of his?
Jules Feiffer wrote The Phantom Man, and The Phantom Man. Have you read either of those?
The Phantom Tollbooth was released in 1984 and is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
You're welcome.
You are welcome.
I know he was born in Atlanta but plays quarterback for the Carolina Panthers.
The Wildcats are a professional American football team based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. They are coached by Jim Caldwell.
That's right. Did you know Woody Harrelson starred in Wildcats?
Yes, Jean-Pierre Jeunet wrote Micmacs. He also wrote Micmacs.
Micmacs is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Zulu stars Seu Jorge. It's a great Crime Fiction movie.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
It's written by Jay Asher and is a young adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
Jay Asher wrote Thirteen Reasons Why. Have you read that one?
No, but if he likes to read those books, he will enjoy them.
I'm not sure, but I know it was released in 2007.
It's a young adult fiction book written by Emily Bronte and released in 1886.
Pride and Prejudice and Pride and Prejudice and Zombies. Have you read those?
Lady Susan was published in 1817 and is a romance novel.
No problem, enjoy!
I know he directed The Great Gatsby. It's a satire.
If you like mystery movies, you might enjoy Treasure Planet starring Kyla Pratt.
The Red Violin was released in 1997 and stars Tom Cruise. Have you seen it?
Sure. Enjoy the movie.
