Sure, it is a thriller starring Morgan Freeman. Do you like thrillers?
It was a great movie! Both of these movies are a series, have you seen the next in the series?
Death Wish has genre Crime and Drama. Do you like these genres?
The Hitman's Bodyguard is an action movie, do you like action movies?
Great, enjoy!
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans which was released 2012.
She's a famous author who wrote The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian. Do you want a list of what she's written?
I'm not sure what genre it is, but I do know that she is a cartoonist.
You're welcome
There's Something About Mary stars Robin Wright and was directed by Bobby Farrelly.
She has also starred in There's Something About Mary, she's also a voice actor for the animated series, There's Something About Mary and she's also a voice actor
Hugh Jackman starred in this movie. It's a great movie.
It was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like young-adult fiction?
no, she also wrote What Happened to Goodbye. have you read it?
Yes she did. This book was also made into a movie, The Moon and More, which I highly recommend.
you are welcome. Hope you enjoy them.
Well since your asking of Don Cheadle, might I suggest The Guard?
It's a crime fiction. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Matt Damon, Don Cheadle, and Don Cheadle starred in the comedies he's in.
Hope you enjoy it!
He plays cricket and was recently named Cricketer of the Year.
He is currently playing for the Mumbai Indians, and is the captain of the India national team.
Natlandran Ashwin and Jabhajan Singh play for the Mumbai Indians.
He directed Pushing Tin and Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time.
Pushing Tin is written by Mike Newell and stars Jennifer Lawrence.
Enjoy!
Absolutely, enjoy the movie!
I think he is the best small forward of all time, he is an underrated athlete.
No, I don't know him. What sports do you like?
No, I'm more a Basketball fan. What sports do you like?
I don't know much about him, I'm not a big sports fan but I'm also a basketball fan.
No I don't really know any individual cricketers.
Hot Fuzz is an action film starring Bruce Willis. Are you interested in action films?
Yes, Shaun of the Dead is a science fiction action movie starring Simon Pegg.
No, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
He was in Count Dracula that also starred Louis Jourdan.
You might enjoy The Looking Glass Wars, or The Golden Compass. Would you prefer any of these?
You're welcome.
I have not seen that movie, but i know it stars Spike Jonze.
Yes, I like them. If you like thrillers, you should enjoy Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
Great! I hope you enjoy the film.
Will do. Enjoy!
Will do. Enjoy!
Meryl Streep directed this movie and it was released in 1999. Do you like her work?
It was written by Rhonda Byrne.
I do not have any more information on that movie.
Ok, anything else I can help you with today
No, it is a Horror film.
You're welcome.
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
I hope you enjoy it
No problem, enjoy.
William Directed The Hunted, The French Collection, and The Exorcist just to name a few.
The Hunted has genre Thriller, do you enjoy this film?
The Devil and Father Amorth was released in 1999 and was directed by Roland Emmerich. Would you like to see other movies by him?
The Great Gatsby is a timeless classic! Are you interested in books about the American Dream, or would you prefer other works by F. Scott Fitzgerald?
It was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald and is in the genre of Fantasy. Would you like to know more about that?
The Surgeon is written by Dr. Seuss. Are you familiar with his work?
Do you like Romance Films?
I am not sure, but it is young-adult fiction.
Done. Enjoy!
You're welcome!
Unforgiven starred David Koepp. It's a great movie.
Morgan Freeman starred in The Road to El Dorado and it's a comedy drama.
If you like Morgan Freeman, you should check out The Road to El Dorado if you like.
Josh Hutcherson wrote The Hunger Games.
The Hunger Games Triology also stars Josh Hutcherson.
I hope you enjoy it!
Madonna is an incredibly talented singer. She starred in We Bought a Zoo, love her music too.
I don't have any information on that, but I do know she was influenced by Sean Connery.
I don't know much about that, but I do know he was a writer as well.
I know very little about an athlete in India but don't follow cricket too much. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure. I believe he played for Chennai Super Kings.
No problem, enjoy!
Sure Amy Poehler wrote Yes Please have you read this book?
Poehler wrote Where the Wild Things Are. what else can i do for you today?
Lorne Michaels starred in Mean Girls. what else can i do for you today?
Tina Fey has written several books like Mean Girls. what else can i do for you today?
Sure, Arsenal is a sports team in England.
I don't know much about them but I'm familiar with the Miami Dolphins. What about you?
You're welcome!
Jonathan Levine directed The Wackness starring Mary Kate Olsen. Do you like romance films?
It is also a great movie also starring Tammy BLanchardand Scott Adsit.
Yes it was released in 2014.
No problem
He starred in Taken 2 and Taken 3. Have you seen those?
Alongside Liam Neeson Megaton, he also starred in Taken 3
Liam Neeson is in Taken. He's also in Taken 2 as well. It's a horror movie too.
Enjoy!
I am not a huge football fan but I do know that they have have been having a good season this year.
I think it's overrated, but I don't know any more about it.
I agree, he's still having a good season this year.
Sure, Iron Man was a great movie by Jon Favreau. Similar movies like The Incredible Hulk, or The Avengers by Stan Lee might be a good one.
He starred in the show O.C
He also starred in The O.C., Where the Wild Things Are.
I do know that he wrote Theo & The Rules of Attraction.
You're welcome.
Are you interested in other books by Dean Koontz?
Trunk Music is written by Louis Leterrier. It's part of a series.
Jonathan Kellerman also wrote A Good Day to Die Hard. A good one if you're interested.
Have you read The Man in the Iron Mask or Rob Roy?
Have you read The Man in the Iron Mask or Rob Roy?
You're welcome
Nikki Minaj is a friend to Tyga. She recorded Young Forever and Itty Bitty Piggy.
I do like pop music. Did you know Nikki Minaj released a song in 1988?
I don't know any similar artists, but I do know that Tom Huddlestone is a musician as well.
Of course, I am assuming you enjoy romance novels?
Yes it was. Another book written by Emily Griffin is The Last Summer (of You and Me).
I like thrillers. Emily Griffin also wrote Xenocide.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Judd Apatow wrote the comedy drama Knocked Up, This is 40 as well as the biography Knocked Up
Groundhog Day is produced by Jodi Picoult, and produced by Jodi Picoult
He did a lot in that movie!
Not that I know of. He also directed Year One, which is a comedy-drama.
I don't have information on that, but i know it was released in 1994
I don't know of any films he wrote, but he also wrote Year One
You're welcome!
Brendon Urie is a songwriter and songwriter. Thriller starred in Queen Song.
At the Disco is a Musician
Is there a specific album I should listen to?
I have heard of him, he sings a lyricist
There's Something About Mary is a great book written by Bobby Farrelly. It is a speculative fiction if you like that.
It is a good movie. Do you like Ben Stiller?
It is a Romantic Comedy if you like that genre.
Mary Ann Shaffer wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society
They both are historical fiction.
You're welcome!
Great, have a great day!
George Orwell wrote it, and released it in 1945. You might like The Carrot Seed or The Carrot Seed.
He also wrote Nineteen Eighty-Four. Have you read that one?
Yes, her book The Temple of My Familiar is one of my favorites.
I am not sure of the exact date.
Is a drama
Your welcome
I have no idea if you are interested in other Drama/Mystery movies.
Ok, I would recommend The Looking Glass Wars. It's a great Thriller.
I'm not sure who stars in Lady Vengeance.
She is a great actress. She also stars in X-Men Apocalypse.
Enjoy!
I recommend Shanghai Calling and Shanghai Calling.
He wrote The Ice Harvest, The Skull, The Hungry Caterpillar, and The Harvest of Fire.
Sure, he has written Apocalypse Now, which is a classic!
Sure, Zsa Gabor is a zombie movie written by Charles Dickens. It was released in 2002.
It is a Mystery/Thriller. Do you enjoy this genre?
Jurassic Park is written by David Koepp. Its a science fiction novel.
Jurassic Park III is a film based on a book by Peter Buchman.
Correct. Colin Tervorrow directed Jurassic World.
Rickie Fowler is an athlete. He plays golf. Do you enjoy golf?
I don't know much about him. I know he is a golfer from the United States.
I am not familiar with that movie, but I do know Adam Sandler is in it.
Have you read the Lord of the Rings?
You may want to check out The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars.
Yes, The Silmarillion was a great book. Other books in that genre include The Hobbit and The Silmarillion.
Wes Craven wrote My Soul to Take which is starring Kevin Spacey.
My Soul to Take is a horror Thriller, and was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
Sure! The Lost World: Jurassic Park is a thriller starring Vanessa Lee Chester. Do you like thrillers?
Then you might like like Zombieland, Yesterday Was a Lie, or Wolverine.
I think you'll enjoy the first one.
Sure! He starred in Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow.
Surviving Picasso is a African-American born in Quentin Tarantino. He is also a musician and an artist.
Joss Ackman also starred in Three Cups of Tea and The Truth.
You're welcome. It's a drama and Thriller.
Sure. Have a great day!
He is a professional football player, married to Gisele the model.
I didn't know that. Is it a comedy?
It was a funny movie. I recommend it for a good laugh.
I definitely recommend Die Hard with a Vengeance, it is a crime fiction starring Bruce Willis.
If you like Bruce Willis, you might enjoy Hudson Hawk or The Last Legion.
He did! Roderick Thorp also wrote Die Hard with a Vengeance too. Most of his films are animated.
Yes, you'll enjoy them too!
Alien is a movie starring Matt Damon. Do you like movies with Brad Pitt?
I'm not sure, but you might like World War Z starring Brad Pitt. It's an excellent series of movies.
Bats was directed by Ridley Scott. It's part of a series.
You're welcome!
He directed the science fiction film Eraserhead. Have you seen it?
If you like sci-fi, you might like The Zombieland or The Last Samurai.
Yep, he did. That is a great movie.
Will do! Enjoy!
Sure! Alice Braga starred in The Rite and Repo Men. Have you seen either of these?
Repo Men is written by John Travolta.
He is also a screenwriter. He wrote a lot of movies like The Truman Show, The Secret of Joy, and many more.
He wrote the Wide Window and The Vile Village. Have you read either of these?
The End was a series and the next book is a series. The next book is a series - The next book is a series. The next book is a series.
He is a poet and a poet and a poet. He writes a lot of poetry
Yes, I do. Do you enjoy him as an actor or singer?
He has a son named Taylor Swift, but he seems to have been in a lot of movies.
I have not seen it but I will definitely check it out.
I'll send you a reminder. Enjoy!
Yes I do. He starred in Windtalkers, Tumbleweeds, and Tumbleweeds just to name a few.
I'm looking for something like The Warrior is a drama. It's similar to The Manchurian Candidate.
Timothy Omundson stars in Windtalkers. It's a drama film.
I'm sure you'll like it.
He is one of the best soccer players in the world and he plays for FC Barcelona when he's not playing
Not really, I'm more of a football fan. What about you?
Thanks for the info! I was so happy when it came out.
Harry Potter and the cursed child is written by J.K. Rowling. It was released in 1988.
Jack Thorne wrote the entire Harry Potter series. The first is a children's fantasy film.
I'm actually not that big of the AFC West teams. Are they your favorite?
Warpaint is in the Drama genre, and Thriller. Is that your favorite genre?
They are in the AFC West, which is great!
I sure can! Eoin Colfer wrote The Phantom Tollbooth. It is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes it was released in 2008, the same year The Lady Elizabeth was released.
Yes it was. Anything else I can help you with?
I do, he is a great performer. Do you know if he is friends with Selena Gomez?
Be sure to check out Let Me Down and Some Kind of Miracle.
I don't know any of his songs, but I do know if he is from the United States of America, and he is a musician.
No problem, enjoy.
Sure, he is an athlete and plays basketball as a point guard. He was born in Chicago and is also a musician.
I wouldn't know any more about them but I know they are part of the NBA. They are coached by Doc Rivers.
That was a good question...I don't know that the final.
Yes he directed the Prestige and Inception.
He is a Russian author. His novel "Crime and Punishment" has been called the most famous novel in the world( as per IMDB)
Yes, оскрестуание и накаание is written in English.
Ok, рестуление и накаание or диот?
No problem! Enjoy.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books. The next in the series is The Marvelous Land of Oz.
I'd recommend The Wonderful Wizard of Oz, or The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
I'd suggest The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he is a soccer player for Dortmund. Do you like soccer?
He is a soccer player from Germany. He plays Midfielder and forward.
You are correct! He is also a musician and athlete.
I haven't seen this movie, but I heard it was very good. It starred Keanu Reeves.
Are you interested in books written by Corn of Thorns and Roses because of the Fantasy genre?
Unfortunately, I don't have any other books by her. Are you interested in any other books by her?
I would also recommend The Assassin and the Desert.
You're welcome!
Sure! James Cameron directed The Abyss. Have you seen that one?
Kate Winslet is a great choice. It came out in 2005.
I don't have that information when it came out
My pleasure.
Madame Bovary is a romance novel written by Gustave Flaubert.
You might enjoy Welcome to Temptation, Where Rainbows End or Wide Sargasso Sea.
Yes, it is. It's similar to The Looking Glass Wars. Would you like to read it?
She wrote The Hunger Games and Mockingjay.
I like Venus Williams especially Rafael Nadal. Do you like tennis?
I like Stefi Graff. I heard Martina Nava was very good.
I actually don't know much about her but I do know that she has a sister named Serena Williams.
She is a Korean professional Golfer born in Hawaii.
That's awesome. I can't say what's her name, but she's really good. She won the Omega Code for Olympus series after Hawaii.
Did you know he was born in Honolulu?
Sure! She wrote The One and Two. Do you like her writings?
Reflected in You is a Romance/Comedy. Do you like those genres?
I do not know of similar novels, but did you know that Sylvia Day wrote The Replacements?
Sure! Margaret Atwood wrote The Year of the Flood, The Robber Bride, The Penelopiad, The Robber Bride. Have you read any of these?
The Handmaid Tale has genre Speculative fiction. Does that interest you?
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome, let me know if I can help with anything else
I know a little bit about him. He plays for the Uruguay national football team, but that's it.
Unfortunately I don't have much information on that. I can tell you that he is also a producer and a director.
Sure. The movie was released in 1976 and is considered a drama/mystery.
Of course! A few that come to mind are "Tempted" and "Redeemed." Would you like to know more?
Tahereh Mafi wrote The World According to Garp, The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories.
Yes, It was released in 2014, which is the same year that released You Are Not So Smart.
It was released in 2014, it's a Romance novel. It's considered a classic.
Other fantasy novels include; The Looking Glass Wars, The Golden Compass, and The Harry Potter series.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Wally Lamb wrote several books such as She's Come Undone and The Hour I First Believed. Do you like Fiction?
That was released in 2014. It's considered a drama/mystery.
You're welcome! Enjoy your reading!
Sure. Marc Forster directed Finding Neverland. It is a drama. Do you like drama?
Machine Gun Gun is a psychological thriller and Mystery.
Kiefer Sutherland is the star of that movie.
It was released in 2002
Sure
you are welcome
I know he wrote a Speperate Peace which is a young adult fiction novel. Do you like young adult fiction?
It's a novel, Young-adult fiction.
Yes, Un Lun Dun is a book similar to Un Lun Dun, have you read it?
Your welcome. Let me know if I can help with it
The Waves is a similar book.
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
That is a great book. Another historical drama written by Jane Austen is Sense and Sensibility.
Sorry I don't have any more information on them.
Are you looking for other books by Lois Lowry or other Young-adult fiction?
Ok, you might like Wicked Lovely or When You Reach Me.
I hope you enjoy it.
Did you enjoy Fight Club becuase it is a Thriller or the Drama Aspects?
I don't know much about that, I don't know any other examples of triller.
Can I help you with anything else?
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix actually has a sequel called Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. Would you like to watch that one?
There is The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor. The Golden Compass by Philip Pullman is another fantasy series.
You're welcome.
Mindy Kaling wrote The Office of the Light, which is a book she also wrote.
Sure, it is an indie film starring Mindy Kaling.
I believe it's crime fiction
Is there anything I can help with?
Aylmer wrote оскресение.
Anna Karenina wrote она аренина аренина аренина аренина аренина аренина аренина аренина аренина аренина аренина аренина аренина аренина аренина аренина аренина ареренина аренина
Yana Toboso wrote  [Z no shmetsu].
Cathereine Hardwicke wrote The Count of Monte Cristo. have you seen it?
The starring in Red Riding Hood are Amanda Seyfried, Gary Oldman, and Billy Burke.
Madsen also directed Snow White and the Huntsman.
He plays for the Manchester United F.C. and he is a soccer player.
You know, I don't know anything else about him. I do know he plays the forward position.
Yes he is. You should check it out.
I did. He's a great actor. He's also a film producer and a director.
Yes, he was the main character in the English Patient.
I liked him in What's Eating Gilbert Grape produced by Colin Firth.
Enjoy the movie!
Where'd You Go, Bernadette is written by Maria Semple. Similar books would be Water for Elephants or The Museum of Extraordinary Things.
Did you like Heart Huckabees because it is a drama?
Sure thing!
Sure! Lauren Kate wrote Passion and Rapture. Have you read either of those?
Torment was released in 2010. It's considered a speculative fiction and fantasy.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Lewis Carroll starred in Cars 2. He also starred in Cars 2. Did you know that?
Yes. I like Johnny Depp too. Have you read The Rum Diary?
You should check out The Rum Diary if you haven't seen it yet.
You are welcome, enjoy!
I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
I have heard of them, they are coached by René Meulensteen. Do you like them?
No, but are you familiar with Rene Russo?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Lauren Oliver wrote To Kill a Mockingbird, The Man in the High Castle, and The Raven.
I think you will like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee
It's a Thriller/Horror.
I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
Sure! He directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen that one?
The Simpsons movie was written by Donna Tartt and David Silverman.
That is correct. He has a few losses in the TV series - The Simpsons movie.
You too!
Not really, I am a cricket fan. All I know about him is that he is from the Kolkata Knight Riders.
Not really. I am more of a baseball fan myself.
He's the author and he wrote a lot of books.
Yes that is a great movie starring Orlando Bloom and Billy Boyd. Do you like the Lord of the Rings?
Orlando Bloom also starred in the Harry Potter series, have you seen that one?
Great, I think you will enjoy it. It is a great thriller film.
Yes I do. The Death Cure is a Young-adult fiction novel written by James Dashner.
It is written by Rick Riordan. Would you like to know more about the book?
I believe it is. It's similar to Wildwood Dancing.
Nicola Kraus wrote the Nanny Diaries.
I would recommend That Awkward Moment. It is a nice comedy.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.
I'm not sure he's a TV show but I can recommend a couple of movies for you if you like.
I don't know if he plays in any tv show, but he was also in a movie called Happy Gilmore.
Mike Starr wrote The Last Dragon, The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia, to name a few.
Sure! Do you like Horror movies?
Sure. You should check out Ratatouille. It's a Thriller if you like that kind of movie.
It stars Tracie Thoms and Michael Fassbender.
Great! You should watch it.
I think she's a great singer and I like her song Hot n Cold. Did you know she was a voice in The Smurfs?
John Carpenter wrote Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13.
Absolutely. He's a great actor. He has also starred in a few movies like To Kill a Mockingbird. Have you seen any of these?
Catherine Zeta-Jones and Uma Thurman were also in it. It's about a man who gets trapped under a fire.
Yes, The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom and Billy Boyd.
I like thrillers, too. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, that's a great movie. It's a great movie. It's a highly recommended movie.
I'm not really a fan of tennis but I do know that she has won a lot so I would agree.
Serena is quite different, but she seems to have been having a good season this year.
Oh, I didn't know that, but I know she is an artist and an actress.
I don't know much other than he plays for the Colombia national football team. I don't follow international soccer too much.
I don't know. I don't follow soccer much so don't know whether he is a captain.
I do like American football. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys.
I would. It is a great movie written by John Hughes. Are you familiar with his work?
Home Alone is a comedy and the sequels is If You Give a Pig a Pancake. If you like comedies you will like it.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you more about it to be if you like.
Your welcome.
Wasn't he a featured artist on the dance-pop album Unbroken?
I like his music a lot, I think he's married to Jordin Sparks
I am not familiar with her, but I agree that he is a good friend.
Do you like Shawshank Redemption because of its Drama genre?
He is great! He also starred in The Stand, have you seen that one yet?
I'm glad to help.
I would highly recommend The Looking Glass Wars. It's a great read.
No, it is the same genre.
Ursula K Le Guin is a science fiction book.
Yes! He starred in Deadpool and The Transporter Refueled. Have you seen them?
Yes, Radivoje Bukvic is a very good actor. Have you seen Radivoje Bukvic?
My Kind of Traitor is a thriller and crime fiction movie.
Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore.
I'm sorry I don't have any more recommendations for that.
You're welcome.
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade was written by Philip Kaufman.
Journey to the Center of the Earth is a good one.
Journey to the Center of the Earth is a book similar to The Last Crusade.
Rohit sharma is an athelete, and plays cricket too.
He plays cricket in the India national cricket team.
Yes, he does. Rohit Sharma is another player from India. Would you like more information about him?
No problem, what else can I do for you?
Sure, have you read The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell?
I don't have that information, but I would recommend a similar book, The Doors of Perception.
You're correct. They were the runner-up in that series. Have you read them?
That is a great book by Ian McEwan. It was later made into a movie.
Christopher Hampton also wrote The Count of Monte Cristo and The Invisible Man. Have you read any of these?
The film is a mystery and suspense genres. Are you interested in those types of movies?
Without Remorse is a thriller and suspense genre. Would you like to watch it?
I hope you enjoy it.
2012 was written by Roland Emmerich and Harald Kloser and directed by Emmerich. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Drama Genres
Sean Connery starred in the movie
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
I can recommend another movie directed by Tate Taylor-I Spy
Yes, he is. Did you know he was in Men in Black 3?
Yep! He also starred in Speed Race.
She starred in Men in Black 3 and was also in The Muppets.
I haven't seen it yet, but I will check it out. I'm sure it's good to know.
The Client is a Client book written by John Grisham. Are you familiar with his work?
The Client is a psychological thriller, do you like that genre?
Thrillers I can recommend are; Shark Night, starring Kyla Pratt.
Great, enjoy the movie!
He is a football player, right?
I'm not sure but I know he plays as a striker
I enjoy watching college football but I don't watch much
Baseball is great, what about you?
Oh yea the Packer is a great player, but i dont know much more
I'm not that all into world soccer, but I believe they're one of the best teams in the world!
I have heard of them being a good team.
I agree! They are my favorite team!
Are you a fan of the Time Traveler's Wife because it was written by Bruce Joel Rubin or because it is a Speculative fiction?
Yes, that is a mystery novel
Welcome.
You're welcome
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to read another book by her?
I'm not sure who wrote Zoombies
That book was written by Virginia Woolf who also wrote To The Lighthouse.
Daniel Defoe wrote "The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York, Mariner".
It's a fiction and fiction. It was released in 1922.
No problem. I am happy to help.
She was the composer of Call Me Maybe, did you know that she also starred in the film?
No, I didn't know that! She's the highest paid on that show.
I agree, I enjoy listening to pop music more.
Sure, do you like science fiction movies or action movies?
The Others stars Alejandro Amenábar and Liam Neeson. The Others has genre Family.
No problem, enjoy.
Did you like Mark Overstall because he wrote Madame Bovary
I'm sorry I don't have much information on that book. Is there anything else I can help you with?
If you like romance novels, you might like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
He also wrote Inheritance and The Mother Tongue: English and How It Got That Way.
That's a great one. He was born in 1856. Also an 1856.
It's a romance novel. It's similar to Madame Bovary.
If you like fiction you'll like Welcome to Temptation, this's a great book.
You're welcome!
I do too! He's been in The Hunt for Red October and The Sum of All Fears.
Joseph Conrad wrote Nostromo: a Tale of the Seaboard.
Yes it is. It was released in 1895. It's a great book.
I'm not sure what year that was released.
He wrote The Road and The Crossing.
I have no idea, what else can I do for you?
Sean Connery is the author of this book.
It was released in 1998 by Cormac McCarthy.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Jane Eyre is a book written by Charles Dickens and was released in 1856.
Sure, he also wrote Sense and Sensabilitiy and Jane Eyre.
No, it is more of a fiction novel.
Okay, enjoy!
It was written by Malala Yousafzai, who won the Nobel Peace Prize. Would you like books by other Nobel Prize winners?
I don't know anything else about Paulo Coelho's works but he also wrote The Tao of Pooh and The Secret of Joy.
Veronika Decide Morrer is listed as a reference book, and a biography.
He is also an author and a scientist.
I think he plays for the Cleveland Cavaliers.
I like basketball. My favorite team is the Lakers. Do you have a favorite team?
Yes, I agree. I would rather watch football movies.
O Alquimista was written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988. He also wrote The Alchemist. Have you read that?
Paulo Coelho wrote The Alchemist. Are you familiar with this book?
I hope you enjoy the book.
Sure! Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood is written by Rebecca Wells. It's a Speculative fiction novel.
Rebecca Wells wrote Ya-Yas in Bloom, she also wrote Little Altars Everywhere.
Ok, enjoy reading!
Sure, Kami Garcia wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Redemption which are Young-adult fiction novels. Have you read either of these yet?
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome.
She wrote Throne of Glass and The Assassin and the Desert.
The Assassin's Blade was released 2012 and the Assassin and the Desert.
You're welcome
Enjoy your reading
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes was written by Rick Riordan. It is a Sci-Fi/Action movie. Do you like these genres?
Kodi also starred in Slow west with Ben Mendlesohn.
Yes, it is an action film.
You're welcome.
Yes. Artificial Intelligence is a thriller starring Brad Pitt. Would you like to hear more titles by this actor or genre?
Great Expectations is a great Drama movie you should watch it.
You are welcome have a nice day.
This is the End is a comedy-mystery. Are you a fan of this genres?
I believe he is both a Psychological Thriller and Comedy.
Evan Goldberg, James Franco also starred in The Guilt Trip and The Green Hornet.
Do you enjoy Cold Mountain because it is a History or Speculative fiction?
He also wrote Thirteen Moons, and The Cold Mountain.
It's a mystery/sci-fi/adventure novel by Charles Frazier. Does that interest you?
Done. Enjoy the book!
They're a great team but I'm not a fan of the Dallas Cowboys. Are you?
He played for the Dallas Cowboys in the 90's. Did you see it?
I'm not sure of that but I know he was in the comedy Dinner for Schmucks.
Bruce Almighty was written by Steve Oedekerk, who also directed Kung Pow: Enter the Fist
It also stars Steve Carell. He also starred in Olympus Has Fallen and Olympus Has Fallen.
I'm not sure of the name, but I do know that David McDuff also starred in it.
He wrote The Hunger Games. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, Zathura: A Space Adventure is a Mystery/Sci-fi film produced and directed by Steven Spielberg.
She's been in a number of movies including The Kids Are All Right and The Third Wheel.
I'm sorry I don't have the genre for that movie.
Is there anything else I can help with?
Do you like thrillers?
Quentin Tarantino also wrote Grindhouse which is a thriller.
You are welcome!
You are welcome!
She wrote Mean Girls and Bossypants.
Yes, he was in the Kite Runner. The Kite Runner is written by Khaled Hosseini
Sure. Tate worked on The Help, starring Bryce Dallas Howard and Ahna O'Dell. Have you seen it?
Yes, Cicely Tyson starred in The Help and Get on Up too.
She is also in The Women of Brewster Place, King Kong, and Oprah Winfrey.
Sure, no problem! Enjoy!
Sure! Are you interested in the writer, Christopher Nolan, or the star, Tom Hardy, at all?
Christopher Nolan directed the Dark Knight
He wrote the Star Wars Holiday Special, have you seen it?
Indiana Jones is the principal actor. It is an animated film and the main star was Todd Stashwick.
Harrison Ford also starred in the movie.
Was this book written by Paula McLain?
She has also written Circling the Sun that was released in 2012.
I'm not sure but it was released in 2015
I'm not sure but it was released in 2015.
No problem, enjoy!
Sure! Lea Thompson has starred in several movies including The Wild Life, The Dog Lover and The Wild Life.
She's also starred in the Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club. Have you seen it?
That is good. That's a great movie if you like Red Dawn.
He also wrote A Christmas Carol, which is the only one that I know of at this time of year.
OK. I'll add those to my list. I really like action movies.
I do, it was a very good movie starring Marlon Brando.
Yes, that's a good one for The Godfather. The film starring Sofia Coppola.
Yes, that's right. The film starring Al Pacino and Robert Duvall.
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
He also wrote the romance novel Welcome to Temptation. Have you read that one?
Yes it is! Another one is a romance novel by Gustave Falubert. You should check it out!
Done! I hope you enjoy it!
He's a writer and plays for the Germany national football team.
Kristin Cashore wrote Graceling, Fire, Bitterblue. Have you read any of these?
She also wrote Graceling, Fire and Bitterblue. Do you like Romace and Fantasy novels?
Fred Wilpon wrote The Velveteen Rabbit.
The Velveteen Rabbit is in the genre of Children's Literature and children's literature. There is also a film of the same name written by William Nicholson
The Giver is written by Lois Lowry and it is also a children's literature
He's a quarterback for the Green Bay Packers right? I don't know much about football.
I do, my favorite quarterback is my favorite. My favorite team is the Cowboys. How about you?
I haven't. I've never been to a football movie before.
You're right, I couldn't stop laughing watching the snow!
Sure! The Lost Hero is written by Rick Riordan. Would you like to read it?
The Lost Hero is listed as a Drama
Yes, The Titan's Curse is the next book in the series
You're welcome
He wrote Monsters University, what else can i do for you today?
I don't have any more information on that movie, but I can tell you that Ted Hughes also starred in Monsters University! He was also in Monsters University!
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, he has written a number of books including The Phantom of the Opera and The Titan's Curse.
That book is in the Speculative genre.
If you like non-fiction books, you should check out The World According to Garp.
Yes, He's great! He starred in Desperado! Have you seen it?
I like all music but haven't heard much from her before, but some of his songs are really good
I have heard of him , I have never heard of him , but I like his music
Sure! Do you like Crime Fiction or Dramas?
In Cold Blood was a book written by Truman Capote, who also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's. Have you read this one?
No problem, enjoy.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks also a book written by Rebecca Stead. It's a science.
Sure, Walk the Line is a novel written by Rebecca Stead, published in 2005. It's a very popular book about the topic of death.
Sure, it was written by Richard LaGravenese and also stars Jim Carrey and Robert De Niro.
I think she's very talented. Aside from being a writer, she's also a screenwriter, she is also a screenwriter, and she is very talented.
I am not a fan of her music, but I like Taylor Swift too. She has some of my favorite songs like You Need Me, You, Me, and You Again.
I like her music alot, how about you?
Sure, she is a great actress. She starred in The Princess Diaries, The Devil Wears Prada, and The Princess Diaries.
It is a thriller and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like thrillers?
Are you looking for similar films to this genre?
I don't know anything about that, is there anything else I can help you with?
Thanks.
Charles Dickens wrote the Oliver Twist which was made into a movie.
Sure! Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club was released in 1851. It's a classic written by Charles Dickens.
I'm unsure. He writes a lot of books in his lifetime. He writes a lot of poetry.
Great! I hope you enjoy them!
John Grogan wrote Marley and Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst dog. Did you know it was turned into a movie?
Sure, have you watch Marley & Me?
Sure, Scream is a horror. Do you like Horror movies?
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you that he was a writer and director as well.
Sure, it is a horror movie starring Johnny Depp and Seth Rogen. It was released in 1994.
Sylvester Stallone wrote The Expendables starring Jet Li and Jason Statham.
Yes, Randy Couture is in The Exacendables. Do you know him?
I don't have that information, but Sylvester Stallone also directed The Expendables.
It is written by Cassandra Clare and released 2014. Have you read the next book in the series?
They are Young-adult fiction and Fantasy. Do you like those types of books?
That's a great one as well as The Iron Trial and The Mortal Instruments. If you're interested in both of these books, you'll like them.
Do you like Quentin Tarantino Movies ?
Royal Kill stars Tika Sumpter and Mike Colter.
I don't know much about Ma Long but I know he competed for China in the 2012 Summer Olympics
That's interesting! What did you think of him?
I've been a huge fan since the 2012 Olympics, but I'm not even sure what to do.
How can I help you with anything else?
Bobby Farrelly starred in Stuck on You. Stuck on You is written by Peter Farrelly. Would you like more information about him?
It's a Romantic Comedy if you like that kind of movie.
It's a great movie. Matt Damon also stars in the film.
Rob Cohen directed The Skulls. He also directed The Fast and the Furious starring Paul Walker.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that it also starred Robert Pattison and Rick Hoffman. Would you like to watch it?
You're welcome.
They are a soccer team coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
It is soccer. Do you like soccer?
Yes, he is
I think he is a great songwriter
I am not sure, but I believe he is from South Africa
Certainly! Million Dollar Baby was directed by him. Great movie!
It's a drama starring Tommy Lee Jones and Val Kilmer
I hope you enjoy it!
He directed The Lives of Others starring Ulrich Mühe, Sebastian Koch and Martina Gedeck.
The Tourist is a drama. Florian also directed The Lives of Others starring Ulrich Thomsen.
Florian also starred in the movie The Tourist starring Angelina Jolie.
It was released in 2005.
It was written by Frank Darabont.
I'm glad I could help.
I think Coach Steve Kerr is the best coach in the NBA.
What's your favorite team?
Oh, I didn't know that! He's a basketball player?
Jane Eyre wrote many books. One of them being a series. She also wrote The Patron Saint of Liars.
I am not sure if he's the author of Jane Eyre. She also wrote Mansfield Park.
Don't mention it
I think he is a great basketball player but I don't know much about him.
I enjoy watching college baseball. I'm a big football fan. What about you?
No I didn't know that.
He wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read that?
The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas has genre Historical fiction.
You're welcome.
Sure. It was a book written by James Frey. Are you a fan?
Sure. A Million Little Pieces is a series written by James Frey and has genre memoir.
I am not sure, but I can tell you that he wrote The Greatest Show on Earth which is another speculative fiction novel.
Richard Andrews wrote The tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark. Have you read it?
Yes. It was a great book written by William Shakespeare. It was released in 1600.
I am not sure about that. I do know Shakespear's comedy is a drama
Sure. I will add it to your list.
i do! Toni Kroos plays for the Germany national football team the FC Bayern Munich II.
Yes, Thomas Muller is also a midfielder and a forward as well.
Not really but I am more of a soccer fan myself. What about you do you like?
Isn't he a tennis player?
I'm not sure where it is. I don't have any information on him.
Is she the singer/musician that did Call Me Maybe? It's catchy
Yeah, she won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Video of the Year!
Yeah, as a matter of fact I believe she does have a hand in music
Sure, do you like jaws because it is written by Steven Spielberg or because it is a Fantasy?
Yes, he did. Keith Gordon also starred in Jaws 2.
You're welcome!
Sure! She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amélie. Have you seen those?
Amelie is written by Frances Mayes. It is a romance novel.
Amelie is a romance film and drama.
Sure. He directed the thriller The Skull. Have you seen that one?
It is a Drama/Thriller. Do you like that genre?
If you like Suspense, you should watch The X-Men The Last Stand.
I have not seen any of these movies either but they are both psychological thrillers. Do you like that genre?
Leslie Bibb also starred in Winnie the Pooh and in Aftermath.
You're welcome
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know the team coach is Lovie Smith. Do you like football
I don't really know much about football, I'm more of a football fan. What about you?
I love football. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
I love Linkin Park, My favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
I can't seem to find that information right now. What else can I do for you?
I do not know anything else. I am more of a classic rock guy myself.
Yes, I do. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
That's amazing! They have a good chance, they have a good chance. They won Super Bowl XI, VIII, IX and VI.
The Patriots have won quite a few Super Bowl's.
Sure! Do you like Crime Fiction or Dramas?
Sure, Utterly Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are a few more written by Truman Capote.
Yes, it was based on a true story.
Sure, which genre do you prefer? Fantasy, Comedy or Adventure.
Yes, and it also stars Sean Connery.
Garfield also stars in Valiant. Have you seen that one?
They are in the NBA and owned by Jay-Z.
Not really, but I'm more of a fan of the Dallas Cowboys.
I like tennis and don't follow enough to know too much about them anymore. How about you?
I know it was an animated film but I don't know much about it. He also starred in The Rise of Nine.
She was in the movies Friends with Benefits, and The Book of Eli. She also voices Meg Griffin on the animated TV series, Family Guy.
Ted also starred Liam Neeson. Would you like me to add it to your favorites?
You're welcome
He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton have you seen that?
Yes he was! It is a Romantic Comedy starring Robin Williams.
I don't know. I don't know what year it was released.
I do! I know that Orlando Bloom starred in Elizabethtown. Are you a fan of hers?
I don't think so. Is that a thriller film, right?
I'm sure you'll like Shark Night. That's also a thriller.
Do you like X-Men because it is a sci-fi or action movie?
Sure, he also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Woman in Gold and The Proposal.
Oh, Waiting also stars Hugh Jackman, Angela Bassett and Joaquin Phoenix
You are very welcome, please enjoy
Sure, do you like its movie because its a historical period drama?
He's been in a lot of movies. My favorite is Matt Damon. He was in the Lord of the Rings movie, have you seen it?
He's pretty good! He was in The People Speak, which is one of my favorite, and one of my favorites!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it was directed by M. Night Shyamalan who also directed Boyhood.
He directed Pretty Little Liars. Have you seen that one?
I don't have that information, but Richard Linklater directed and starred in this Mystery film as well.
Great! I'm happy I could help.
In the movie Drama/Krimi, Alice in Wonderland is a great movie.
It is categorized as a drama.
I think you might enjoy X-Men 2 or World War Z.
I think it's very good, but it's a thriller like Fifty Shades of Grey.
They are a sports team
They're pretty good. Who's your favorite team?
That's funny. I don't follow football much so don't know much about them.
This is the End, The Interview
It starred Mindy Kaling, James Franco, and James Franco. It was released in 2014.
Channing Tatum also starred in The White Countess.
He also directed The Young Messiah.
My apologies, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Sure! Red Dragon is also a Psychological thriller that is similar to The Silence of the Lambs.
He also starred in Wreck-It Ralph
I do too!
If you like thrillers, you'll like The Manchurian Candidate or The Manchurian Candidate.
Yes, The Lion King is a popular one. Have you seen it?
If you liked the X-Men you might enjoy World War Z. It was also written by Irene Mecchi
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, The movie written by Vince Flynn.
Will Smith also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness, have you seen it?
I believe it is a Romantic Comedy but I don't have any information on that movie unfortunately.
Sure, I'll play it for you.
I think he is a soccer player?
I don't know much about Fabrio Capello, but I have heard of him. He is a great player too.
I'm more of a baseball fan myself. I don't follow any sports at all except the Superbowl. Is football your favorite sport?
Steve McQueen wrote The Fault in Our Stars. Would you like to know more about that?
I heard they are very popular around the world
I've heard they are from South Korea and also a boy band called Zathura to name a few.
I'm not sure, but I believe they did start in Seoul in South Korea.
Yes, Jason Flemyng starred in Wild Bill, Welcome to the Punch, Viy, The Social Network and many more
Brittany Curran also starred in it. It is a great movie for him.
I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Sure! She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Elie Wiesel.
It is a non-fiction book. It was released in 1958.
I'm glad I could help.
Well, Hellboy was directed by Quentin Tarantino. He also directed Slaughterhouse-Five.
Hugh Jackman starred in Wolverine. He also starred in Valkyrie.
You're welcome. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes I do! He's a Mexican professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Barcelona and the Chile national team.
I don't know what movies he is referring to.
No, I'm sorry. I don't know any information on his films.
John Turturro also starred in the film.
Are you a fan of Epatha Merkerson?
That movie is a drama. Do you like those types of films?
The Six Wives of Henry Lefay also starred in This Is the End which is a drama. Does this sound interesting?
Yes. He wrote SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling, Patriotic Prostitutes, and Why Suicide Bombers Should Buy Life Insurance. Have you read this?
That's right. Steven D. Dubner also wrote SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling, Patriotic Prostitutes, and Why Suicide Bombers Should Buy Life Insurance
I have not read any of his book right now.
That's a good one as well. Steven D. Dubner is from New York and he won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction!
Edgar Wright wrote The Stand and The The War of the Worlds.
Yes it is science fiction. Would you like to know about it?
You are correct! I hope you enjoy it.
Coldplay is a band with Chris Martin as the lead vocal. Do you like their music?
It is a drama/mystery starring Anjelica Huston and Nicky Katt
I know he is a composer, music and drama, one of my favorite songs is the Voice of God.
She wrote dreams of Gods and Monsters, Inc.
Dreams of Gods & Monsters was released in 2014 in English. It's my personal favorite of all time.
It came out in 2014, the same year that released The Secret Life of Violet Grant.
I hope you enjoy it!
I haven't heard much about him, he's a point guard for the Portland Trailblazers
I didn't know he is a point guard for them. Do you follow basketball?
I have not, but I heard he is one of the best players in my opinion.
Quentin Tarantino starred in Grindhouse and Death Proof.
It is a crime fiction/adventure film.
Sure. Rob Zombie starred in Catwoman, which is an action movie. He also starred in it.
Sure, Big Fish was written by John August and he also wrote Titan A. E.
I don't have any more information on Kenny Ortega's other movies. Can I help you with anything else?
Sure, have you see What's Your Number? or Waiting to Exhale?
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy the movie.
Sure! Phil LaMarr wrote The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou. Have you seen that one yet?
It also stars Sam LaMarre. It was released in 2002 and is a Drama/Comedy.
It is a Mystery, Drama, Sci-Fi, Comedy and Adventure film. Do you like those kind of movies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I think they are a basketball team. They are part of the NFC East.
Me too! Transformers is great. It is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
He is a great actor. Some other action movies are The World's End and The Curse.
It is a action movie directed by Sergio Leone who also directed the movie The Mechanic.
Sure! Similar romance novels might be The Fiery Cross or This Lullaby.
Yes, Voyager is a good romance novel, it is also a film.
Yes, it is a historical novel, similar to the other two.
Great, you enjoy the novel!
She is a tennis player. She played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics. Are you a fan of hers?
Not really, I know that Serena Williams sisters are in it. What's your favorite sport?
They are definitely! I wish I could have been able to see them again!
Sure, I like him in Looking for Richard also starring Al Pacino.
These are crime fiction and a psychological thriller
If you like Al Pacino, you should watch Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like another book by her?
It is written by Iona James, would you like me to find other books by that author?
She also wrote When the Wind Blows. If you are into satire, you should check it out.
You're welcome.
Yes, she is a singer and song writer. She composed A Thousand Years.
She is a very talented pianist.
I'm not sure about that but I know it was a good song
You're welcome
He starred in a lot of movies. Did you know he was in the movie The Last Samurai?
I sure was. I like crime fiction. Have you seen The Truman Show or The Secret of Moonacre?
I'm not sure. I know Mark Boal also starred in Minority Report as well.
Great! I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
Here's a few movies Rob Riggle starred in Unaccompanied Minor, The Other Guys, The Hangover.
Unaccompanied Minors was released in 2012 and it stars Tyler Labine, Teri Garr, and Jessica Walter.
Sure. He also starred in Crazy Heart, which is an animated film.
Sure. Unaccompanied Minors will be added.
Enjoy the movie.
He is the player, he is the captain of the Denmark national football team. Do you like soccer?
Water for Elephants was a Romance starring Reese Witherspoon. It's a romance if you like romance.
I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
Yes, it was written by Leo Tolstoy and Richard Linklater stars in Boyhood
Yes, Leo Tolstoy was the director for Leo Tolstoy.
He did. He's been in quite a few things. One of his most famous movies is Apocalypse Now.
I'm always here to help.
Breaking Dawn is part of the Twilight Series. Have you read that?
She is a great author. She also wrote The Chemist.
You're welcome
Sure. The Social Network is a biographical film starring Justin Timberlake. Do you like Biographical movies?
Social Network starred Justin Timberlake, Malese Jow and Taylor Lautner.
Rashida Jones also starred in the Film A Beautiful Creatures that you might enjoy
You are welcome.
Tambling is an author who wrote the biography David Copperfield.
I think you'd like The Tambling. It's a great Speculative fiction.
Ah, yes. Zadie Smith is a great writer.
John Carpenter directed Escape from New York, which is an adventure film. Do you like adventure films?
The Fog was released in 1986 and is an action film directed by John Carpenter.
Yes it is very cool, if you like animation films you'll like The Incredibles.
Escape from New York is a Crime Fiction and Thriller.
Lord of the Rings has genre Fiction. Are you looking for other books by J.R.R. Tolkien?
Women in Love was written by Liam Neeson. She also wrote In the Heat
He wrote A Christmas Carol and The House of Mirth.
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
Inception has several actors like Keanu Reeves, Michael Nyqvist, Scott Bakula...
A Wrinkle in Time is a fantasy novel written by Madeleine L'Engle. Are you interested in the author or the genre?
You might enjoy the next in the series, A Wind in the Door.
Yes. It was written by Madeleine L'Engle.
You might enjoy The Witch of Blackbird Pond by Elizabeth George Speare or The Giver.
I don't know, but I do know that it was also made into a movie.
You're welcome.
Ayush Mahesh Khedkar starred in Slumdog Millionaire.
Slumdog Millionaire is an Indie film.
It was released in 2003.
You're welcome.
Sure, he wrote The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies.
Aidan Turner also starred in the Harry Potter series.
Drama/Thriller
The Golden Compass starring Philip Pullman
Sean Penn directed the movie
Do you enjoy books by Roald Dahl?
Zoe's Tale, Z for Zachariah is a great one. Would you like to know more about this?
I believe it is, would like me to add it to your reading list?
I do, actually! It was written by Donna Tartt and released in 2013.
She won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. She also won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.
Yes she did. She also wrote The Little Friend and The Goldfinch.
I am not sure, but I know Dinna Tarrt was born in Dallas.
your welcome
Me Before You was written by Jojo Moyes. Do you like the author Jojo Moyes?
Great, I recommend The Ship of Brides, it is a great book.
Enjoy!
I have not read it, but I know it was written by John Green.
Yep, he also wrote Paper Towns. Would you like to hear about other books he wrote?
I'm not that familiar with that one. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm sure you'll like it. I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
He wrote The Curse of the Midnight, The Great Gatsby, and The Great Gatsby.
I would recommend The Curse of the Midnight, The Great Gatsby or The Great Gatsby.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, do you like Tim Miller's work? He wrote The Road to El Dorado. He also starred in it.
Do you like The Goon because it is a fantasy movie?
The Goon was released in 2015 and starred Hugh Jackman
Sure, enjoy the movies
Sure! Pan's Labyrinth is a war novel written by Guillermo del Toro and was released in 1999.
Yes, it is in English. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure. I don't have any information on the genre for that movie.
You might enjoy The Looking Glass Wars, or The Golden Compass.
You're welcome!
He wrote The Water is Wide
That was a good one too, did you know that he also wrote The Good Doctor?
Yes that is true The Vampire Chronicles is written by Michael York and it was released in 1969
Yes, I like frédéric Mugler. He wrote  which was released 750 A.D. very old writer.
No I haven't, but I've heard it's a great book.
I do. The Godfather Part II stars Al Pacino.
The Godfather II stars Al Pacino and Farrah Fawcett.
Definitely, it was written by Jon Krakauer.
Yes, it was made into a movie starring Sean Penn. Would you like me to add it to your watch list?
Sean Penn wrote Into the Wild with Sean Penn.
Me too! He starred in Scream 4 and A Bug's Life.
Tom Hooper directed the King's Speech
Sure, have you heard of The Invisible Man or The Book of Mormon?
Okay, enjoy the movies
I think he is a great performer, and I especially like his song Marry the Nightwatch. How about you?
I don't know much about her, but if I'm honest.
I'm always a fan of her music. I would definitely be a huge fan of hers, what do you think?
I haven't heard anything now. Is there anything else I can help you with?
They are a soccer team coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
The coach is Lousi van Gall but thats really all i know.
I think so. Isn't he from Munich?
I am not sure, but I can tell you that The Maze Runner is a thriller.
The author is J.K. Rowling
You're welcome
Yes, a great book I can recommend by Roy is The God of Small Things. Have you heard of it?
It's considered a drama and a similar book is The God of Small Things.
Yes it was made into a movie starring Robert Downey Jr
Is there anything I can help you with?
That was written by Sue Monk Kidd and is in the fiction genre. Are you into fiction?
It is a mystery book written by Sue Monk Kidd and is in the Fiction genre.
I don't know much about the movie but I do know Mark Isham wrote the book and the movie version
She wrote Dracula. Have you read that one?
Sure, have you read The Invisible Man or The House of Mirth?
There is a book similar to Dracula, have you read that?
You're welcome.
Yes, that is a book written by J.R.R. Tolkien
I'm not sure of the answer but it was directed by Peter Hyams.
You're welcome. He's also in a lot of movies.
They're coached by Gary Kubiak. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan.
Not really, but I'm a fan of the Dallas Cowboys.
Yeah, he's owned by Jerry Jones. He's a great owner of the Houston Texans.
Julian Glover starred in Vatel. Have you seen that?
Emily Bronte also starred in it. It's a great movie!
I'm not sure about the release date. I do know Saffron Burrows was in it.
It's a classic! It's a classic! It was written by Emily Bronte. It's a classic!
Pearl S. Buck wrote The Good Earth which was turned into a movie.
I don't have that information, but I do know that it was released in 1876 which is the same year that .
I don't have any more information on that. I do have that information.
Enjoy!
I think she is a great tennis player, do you like her?
I know she is a tennis player as well and also plays in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
I don't watch much football but I do know he is a good player
Did you know he played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics?
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
I do not have that information. However, I can tell you that Thomas Christensen wrote the same book.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy!
Great, enjoy!
Sure, do you like this movie because it is a Fantasy or Action Film?
Yes he is a writer Zak Penn
I don't know of the release date
Glad I could help
Sure. Similar movies like Crazy, Stupid, Love also starred Julianne Moore.
You might enjoy The Witch of Blackbird Pond. It is a romance film.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! He is a sci-fi novelist who wrote Cycle of the Werewolf. Are you familiar with that?
He is from the United States of America.
The Dead Zone has genre Romance Novels. Does that interest you?
He has also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Forrest Gump was directed by Winston Groom.Do you like Forest Gump?
Tom Hanks also starred in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade.
Unfortunately I don't have that information, but Larry Crowne is probably one of the most popular movies that he starred in.
I'm sure you'll like them!
Happy to help!
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets starring J.K. Rowling. Do you enjoy that film?
It is in the genre of Thriller and Drama.
It does star Pierre Perrier and Pierre Perrier. It is a mystery movie and it was released in 2014.
I am not much but I know they are coached by Pete Carroll. Do you like them?
It's up there like the New England Patriots, but the Seahawks are having a rough season this year
Yeah, I can't argue with that, I can't argue with that.
Jerry Spinelli wrote that and it was released in 2000.
Jerry Spinelli also wrote Milkweed and Maniac Magee.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I think he is very good but I don't know much about him. Is he a tennis player?
I think only Rafael Nadal. He lost to Rafael Nadal when he lost to Rafael Nadal. Who is your favorite player?
I agree. I like Roger Federer as well.
I don't have any more information on Mary GrandPre. However, I can tell you other books written by her. Would you like to hear other titles by her?
You're right. JK Rowlings wrote those books.
Sure, it was written by Liane Moriarty and released in 2009. Are you familiar with her work?
You are right, she did. That book was released in 2014. She also wrote Three Wishes.
You're welcome, enjoy!
They're a great team but I don't know much about them. Who's your favorite player?
My favorite team is the Broncos. Are you a fan of them?
They seem to be having a bad season but they're still having a good season
I think he's a great coach but he's also a coach
Yes. X-Men 2 starring X-Men 2 starring X-Men 2.
There is X-Men ,X-Men ,X-Men .
The Incredible Hulk stars William Hurt, Ty Burrell and Tim Roth
She wrote The Hiding Place. That was a good one. I also like God's Smuggler.
It's non-fiction. Do you like those types of books?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Noah Emmerich starred in Windtalkers. what else can i do for you today?
Sure, you can try You've Been Warned starring Chris Mulkey.
Ok, enjoy!
Ok, enjoy the movies!
He directed the Lego Movie and 22 Jump Street.
Katharine McPhee, Joshua Leonard, and Joshua Leonard. Are you a fan of any of them?
I don't think so, but he did star in White House Down as well.
You're welcome.
Definitely! It was directed by Sean Penn, and it is a drama movie.
Great, I'm sure you will enjoy it!
I'm not sure but it's related to No Strings Attached.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Well, James Frain who is in it is a great actor.
Then you might enjoy X-Men 2 or World War Z, they are great action movies.
Mike White, Emma Stone, Derek Graf are the starring actors in Zombieland
I don't know what year he was released
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days pf Dogtown.
Another good read is The Red Pony. I highly recommend it.
You're welcome!
That's listed as Speculative fiction and fiction. Do you like those genres?
The King of Attolia is a children's literature. Other books in that genre include The Life and Times of Attolia.
I'd recommend Welcome to the Monkey House, Weaveworld, and Welcome to the Monkey House.
That book was written by Ernest Hemingway. Do you like Hemingway?
You like fiction books, I would recommend To Have and Have Not, The Sun Also Rises or The Sea of Monsters.
To Have and Have Not is actually a Romance novel, similar to A Farewell to Arms.
Groundhog Day is a war/sci-fi movie starring Matt Damon. Do you enjoy war movies?
Charlie Korsmo
I don't believe he was in Ghostbusters
Enjoy!
I love Linkin Park, My favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
Sure, do you like action movies or action movies?
If you like action/adventure movies you should check out The Running Man or The Dead Zone.
Yes, it is great. If you liked that one you should check out The Wolverine and the Watcher. Have you seen those?
I don't have that information, but it was directed by Matthew McConaughey.
Sure, Jean-PierrePierre wrote You've Been Warned, and The Sea of Monsters.
Micmacs is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I do not have that information.
Don't mention it
Are you a fan of the author, Neil Gaiman?
It was written by Neil Gaiman and was released in 2013.
Ok, enjoy the book!
Joel Coen is in No Country for Old Men.
Well, it's a drama/mystery. Would you like to hear other suspense movies?
I do not have any more information on that movie.
Did you enjoy the movie because it was a drama or because it was a thriller?
It is a fantasy thriller starring Tom Hanks. It's a great movie.
You're right. He was in spy movies as well.
You're welcome.
It was written by Jojo Moyes. Are you familiar with his work?
Sure. She also wrote The Ship and The One Plus One.
You are welcome.
Alexandre Dumas wrote The Robin Hood and The Three Musketeers.
No, Robert Dumas wrote the original work, the Three Musketeers.
Well, Monte Cristo also wrote The Comte de Monte Cristo and Therese Raquin. Would you like to read those?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, I can let you know info on that. He wrote the books, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time, The Red House and The Red House.
Yes it is a fantastic movie starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to hear movies with any other actors from that movie?
I have not, but I will definitely check it out.
Randal Kleiser is very talented. Enjoy!
Sure! She wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. Have you read them?
No, it does have a sequel. Would you like to know about any other children's literature?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Writter Suzanne Collins also wrote Gregor the Overlander.
Shark Night is a thriller. You might enjoy it.
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt, Katharine McPhee, and Joshua Leonard.
He wrote Walking Disaster, have you read it?
Walking Disaster has genre Biography. Does that interest you?
I do! I highly recommend Walking Disaster.
You are welcome.
Sure, are you into sci-fi or action films?
You might enjoy The Matrix Reloaded or The Replacements.
Keanu Reeves also starred in a few movies including The Matrix Reloaded. Would you like to watch that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about her music but I know she composed the songs You Lost Me and Wild Ones
I do not know that information, but I know he received the MTV Music Award for Best Choreography.
She is on the bucket list as well. She is a great pianist and music artist.
Lana Wachowski starred in The Matrix Revolutions and In the Air. Have you seen any of them?
I like romance a lot. You should check out The Incredibles then.
No, it's a Thriller if you like Speed Racer, I'm sure you'll like it
Blood Promise has genre Young-adult fiction. Are you looking for other books by the same author or genre?
She also wrote a series called the Xenocide. Are you a fan of hers?
It was actually written by Richelle Mead, it is actually a part of a series, the next book is called Last Sacrifice.
Yes, Leigh Dragoon did write the book and it was also a mystery
Great action movie starring Tom Cruise. Do you like because Tom Cruise is in it or because it is a Action/ Adventure movie?
Would you like recommendations for other movies starring Morgan Freeman?
You may like the movie X-Men Origins: Wolverine, it is very similar.
I'm not sure about that one, but it was directed by Peter Hyams.
Great! You're welcome.
Tom Skerritt starred in Ted, I think.
Ted is a comedy/crime movie.
You're welcome.
You may enjoy the piece The Man in the High Castle. It was released in 1845.
Yes, he also wrote the Picture of Dorian Gray, have you seen that one?
I believe all these books are in English, but I would highly recommend them.
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Pale Fire. Are you familiar with those?
It was released in 1856, but I don't know what year it was released. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, she did. Would you like to know more about her?
I know they were coached by John Fox and Chris harris is a good player
The Dallas Cowboys are a great team, owned by Virginia Halas McCaskey.
I've heard that, I'm not a sports fan but I've heard a lot about the sport. I love football movies.
There is a sequel to Toy Story starring Tom Hanks.
Toy Story 3 is starring Tim Allen, Tim Allen, and Steven Spielberg.
I hope it's great! It's a great movie!
Sure, will do!
Blake Griffin is an American professional basketball player who plays point guard for the Denver Nuggets.
I don't follow basketball, I don't know much about it either. Is he a basketball player?
I'm not really a sports fan but I'm more a baseball fan. What about you?
Blade Runner is a science fiction movie written by Steven Spielberg.
He has also starred in Thor the Dark World, which is one of his most famous films.
J.K. Rowling also starred in the Rocketeer.
Bood Diamond starred Jennifer Jason Leigh and Liam Neeson.
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy The Omega Code if you liked that one.
"The Wolf of Wall Street"" and "The Wolf of Wall Street."
He has starred in Welcome to Sarajevo.
It's a romance film.
The Way is a drama. It is a suspense/mystery movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Law Abiding Citizen is starring F. Gary Gary who directed The Italian Job which you might like.
Roger Bart also starred in Law Abiding Citizen and Richard Portnow.
I like psychological thrillers and crime fiction. Have you seen X-Men 2?
If you haven't seen the fifth element, the fifth element is in the series.
Other movies in that genre are The Matrix and Matched.
You're welcome
I am a huge fan! She has a wonderful voice. She has also a wonderful voice. I think she is very talented.
I don't know any of her songs, but I do know that she has a good voice. She's also a great voice.
I like Lady Gaga, too! I really like her in Scream 4 and The Muppets.
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, it was released in 2005.
No, but I can tell you other books he has written.
She wrote The Red Tent and The Red Tent.
It is fiction
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Dogtown
Your welcome
Sure! The Untouchables is a Crime Fiction Drama starring Sean Connery who also starred in The Wind and the Lion.
Another mafia movie is The World's End.
It is a good movie starring Marlon Brando.
It is starring Ian McKellen and Robert Duvall
You are welcome
Yes, it was written by Preston and directed by Roland Emmerich and released in 2011.
It is a Drama Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure, The Dark Knight Rises is also a great historical drama
Slaughterhouse-Five is the lead in Visiting Hours
You're welcome
Sure, she wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Creatures.
I believe it to be a drama
I'm not sure about that. I believe it was a fiction book.
Glad to help, enjoy!
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time is a Fantasy. Do you like Fantasy movies?
You might like The Looking Glass Wars, or The Golden Compass. The Looking Glass Wars stars Leonardo DiCaprio.
I don't know who stars in that movie. Are you a fan of his?
You're welcome.
Sure, it was made into a movie that was released in 2005, and written by Sophie Kinsella.
Sophie Kinsella wrote Wedding Night, Twenties Girl, and The Undomestic Goddess. Would you like to know more?
Not sure of the genre, but you might check out The Undomestic Goddess. It's pretty funny.
Shopaholic and Baby is a great book.
She wrote many good books; Graceling, Fire and Bitterblue. Do you like Romace, Fantasy or Speculative fiction?
Yes, it is a Romance novel
I don't have that information
Absolutely, enjoy
She wrote A Tree Grows In Brooklyn that was released in 1943.
I not sure what year it was released
Yes it was
I am a huge fan of the Belgium national football team, but I don't really know much about it.
Thanks for the info, I am a huge fan of this sport.
Oh, I like baseball too! My favorite team is the Redskins. How about you?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. What is your favorite team?
He's one of the best director's out there. He directed and starred in it. Did you see it?
I have not seen it, but I know it won the Tony award for Best Original Score!
Yes, he directed Three Cups of Tea, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
Yes i do one of them is Shackleton which is an action movie.
Steven Spielberg, Kenneth Branagh also starred in Shackleton
It came out in 1994
He wrote Lord of the Flies. Have you read that ?
He wrote a series called The Princess and the Frog.
If you are looking for recommendations by Goldman, he wrote a book called Lion, The Witch, and The Wardrobe.
You're welcome.
Sure, she has written The Throne of Glass and The Assassin and the Desert. Are you a fan of hers?
I think they're good. It's a great three-genre. It's a great read, actually.
No problem, enjoy.
Emma Stone is in the movie. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes he is. She's a great actress. She also starred in Zombieland as well.
You are correct! Rashida Jones starred in that as well as Joel David Moore and Justin Timberlake.
You're welcome!
Yes, Chinua Achebe is the writer that wrote Things Fall Apart.
The Witch of Blackbird Pond is a fiction. It is a poetry.
I have not seen that one, is it starring Robert De Niro?
You are welcome have a good day.
Do you like Quentin Tarantino?
Yes! He was in Unchained, which is a crime fiction film.
Your welcome
Mitch Alborn wrote the book Tuesdays with Morrie, have you read this one yet?
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre Thriller, Sci-Fi and Drama
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre Speculative fiction.
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
Ninja Assassin stars Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, and Jada Pinkett Smith.
I'm a fan! I like romantic comedies a lot under that genre. Are you a fan of this sport?
You're right. Echoes of Silence is one of my favorites!
It looks like they had a lot of great songs and they're good.
I do! It is a mystery/suspense book by John Grisham. Are you familiar with his work?
If you like thrillers, you should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
I'm not sure of the release date of The Cold Moon. It is a mystery/adventure film and was released in 1985.
I'm not sure the answer for that but if you like Jeffery Deaver you might also enjoy the thriller Twilight series.
I don't know any information on that, but I do know it was in English.
You're welcome.
Of course, i'm assuming you like Dr. Sues and children's literature?
The Cat in the Hat, How the Grinch Stole Christmas, Horton Hears a Who! and The Cat in the Hat.
Unfortunately I don't have that information right now.
You're welcome.
I love all of his music. I like Maroon 5 and Taylor Swift too.
I do not know much about Maroon 5 but i like his music.
I don't watch any of those shows but I do like X Factor. The X Factor has genre Comedy.
He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
Yes, that's the genre is sci-fi.
I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, it is written by William Shakespeare. Are you a Shakespeare fan?
He also wrote Romeo and Juliet, A Midsummer Night's Dream, and Twelfth Night. Have you read any of these?
Well, you might like Romeo and Juliet, or A Midsummer Night's Dream, or A Midsummer Night's Dream.
You're welcome.
Anthony Hopkins starred in The Edge. Would you like to hear more movies that he starred?
Yes, they both starred in Bobby
I am not sure of the exact date but i do know it was released in 1998
Anthony Hopkins starred in one of my all time favorite movies, The Secret Life of Bees which also stars Anthony Hopkins
Your welcome
Me too! He wrote Wizard and Glass and The Graveyard Book.
Yes, that was the same year that released The Absolute Sandman.
He was influenced by Micheal Cunningham and Christopher Hitchens some of his influences.
Yes, it's children's literature is considered children's literature.
You're welcome, enjoy!
It is a romance and stars Scarlett Johansson. Do you like romance movies?
Scarlett Johansson stars in the genre of Thriller, which also stars Jane Austen. Would you like to watch it?
You're welcome!
Alright, Scarlett Johansson also stars in the X-Men: Days of Future Past. Great movie!
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
You're welcome!
Yes! It stars Vivica A Fox, David Carradine and is a very good movie.
Uma Thurman starred in that one as well. You should check it out.
Yes, he is. He also starred in Pulp Fiction as well.
I know they are a part of the NFL.
I know he played in the United States Navy, but I don't follow football too much
I don't know things about him. I do know he was born in Houston, Texas.
Sure! He directed The Apostle. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he also wrote the Apostle.
Of course, Zodiac, also starred Ralph Fiennes, and Zodiac.
Christina Perri Sibling Nick Perri
I didn't know that. Who is your favorite song?
Wayman is a talented man. do you like basketball?
that's great! What other sports do you like?
I think he is a great artist, did you know he was dating Cameron Diaz?
Gosh, I didn't know that, but I heard he had a lot of good songs
Did you know that he is friends with Selena Gomez?
There is a movie adaptation of the book. The book is based on the book.
I am not sure about that. I don't know much about Sean Bean.
He was also in The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers.
The Battle of Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. Other books in the same genre are The Titan's Curse and The Son of Neptune.
I believe The Battle of Labyrinth is written by Rick Riordan. Would you like me to add it to your reading list?
Well, The Battle of Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. He also wrote The Titan's Curse.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen that?
Yes, he also directed and starred in The Simpsons. He also directed Legend of Tarzan.
Ok, you'll like The Simpsons Movie, it's also Animation. He also directed Back to the Future Part II.
Enjoy it!
She wrote Shadow and Wicked. Are you a fan of musical theater?
Yes, Wicked also starred Jennifer L. Armentrout.
No, Nicholas Cage also wrote Wicked.
You're welcome.
I haven't read her latest work, but I know she starred in Scream 4.
It also starred James Brolin. Do you like his work?
It was released in 2009.
You're welcome!
I sure do! He wrote The Bonesetter's Daughter. Have you read that one?
It is in English. Did you know it won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction?
I'm not sure about the author but the genre is fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure. He directed Super with Rob Zombie and Slither with Jenna Fischer.
In Slither. It's a great movie. It's a family movie.
He also starred in the comedy Dinner for Schmucks.
I will add them to your watch list.
He wrote The Merchant of Venice and Much a do About Nothing. I can tell you a lot of different books if you like.
Yes, you are right. Leonardo DiCaprio wrote that as well. Have you heard of him?
I'm sorry I don't have that information.
Yes, Elysium is a thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like thrillers?
I'm not sure. However I know Elysium is produced by Steven Spielberg.
He's been in a lot of movies. He was in the Transformers. Are you familiar with his work?
There's another great movie Inception, it's science fiction.
I will play that for you
I am not sure of the release date. I do like Sam Smith though.
From what I can see I don't know. I am not sure of the name but I know he had a good relationship with Cameron Diaz.
I like a lot of different artists like him. I'm not a huge fan of his but I'm sure if I can help you with anything else.
Not really, but I'll have to check out some other songs from him.
Are you in to Chinese? Since most of his books are written in a weird language
It was released in 1866
Whats the genre of this book
He is a Mixed Martial Artist with a specialty in Brazilian jiu-jitsu.
He also played in the UFC 94 and was also an athlete.
I don't know anything about her, but I'll have to look for something new right now.
He wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
He wrote The Grand Design and The Universe in a Nutshell.
It's also a film starring John Turturro. Would you like to watch it?
You're welcome.
I like his song New Perspective! What's your favorite song of his?
Under the Tuscan Sun was written by Frances Mayes. Would you like to read other books by this author?
Under Magnolia was released in 2005.
Under Magnolia is a romance novel.
Brad Garrett starred in Underdog ,The Pacifier,The Country Bears and The Clockwork Girl among others.
The Pacifier is a Thriller and Mystery. Do you like those types of movies?
Underdog is a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
City of God is a crime movie. Do you enjoy crime movies?
The Escapist is a drama starring Matt Damon.
He starred in The Escapist. He also starred in The House of God.
He wrote Thirteen Reasons Why, The Future of Us, and The Future of Us. Have you read any of these?
Wildwood Dancing is a good one, you may like it.
Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels are a few other young adult fiction books.
It was released in 1981.
You're welcome.
City of Lost souls has a genre Fantasy and Adventure do you like these genres?
Yes. The Mortal Instruments was released in 2005.
My apologies. I do not have that information.
You're welcome. I'm happy to help.
The Historian was written by Elizabeth Kostova and released in 2002. It is a great suspense movie. Do you like Thrillers?
I'm sorry I don't have any more information on that title.
Unfortunately I don't know much about the movie but I do know that it is written by Alexandre Dumas.
You're welcome.
The Messenger is a similar book
Did you enjoy it because it was directed by Tate Taylor or because it was a drama?
He sure did. He also starred in Welcome to the Monkey House. Have you seen it?
It's a Romantic Comedy if you like that kind of movie.
You're welcome!
Sure. Didn't that movie star Robert Downey Jr.? If you like him, you might try The Avengers.
The Ghost and the Darkness is a crime fiction action.
Yes, you are right. He is the lead actor in the film.
You are welcome!
Sure! He directed Snow White and the Huntsman. Have you seen that?
Yes she did, she was also in it, did you know Kristen Stewart played the lead?
He also wrote Tales of Beedle the Bard.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know that the Mark of Athena is a Greek mythology, do you like this genre?
Ok, I'll add that one to your reading list. If you like that one, you might also enjoy The Lightning Thief.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about The Weeknd, but I do like a lot of music. Did you know he is friends with Selena Gomez?
That's right, I didn't know that, but I have heard of it. The Muppets, which is a classic!
Me too! I like Las Vegas too. Have you seen The Muppets?
I love her music! Did you know she was in Men in Black 3?
I like Will Smith, did you know he's in some movies?
Yes, he did. He also starred in A Christmas Carol in the 1980s.
he wrote Terms of Endearment
I think you would enjoy Your Sister's Sister. It's a good one.
I don't know any other movie movie, but I can recommend You've Got Mail is very funny.
Sure! Evan Goldberg directed The Interview. It stars Jim Carrey. Have you seen it?
Great! She also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man, have you seen that?
It does fall under the genre fantasy and comedy. I think you would like it.
You are welcome!
Yes, John G. Avildsen wrote the Karate Kid. Have you heard of that?
Yes, Sylvester Stallone also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and Inferno.
That one stars Yuvraj Singh, Tom Hanks, Kirsten Dunst and Josh Brolin.
Yes, she is a recurring actor from The Cosby Show.
You're welcome!
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix actually has a sequel called Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. Would you like to watch that one?
The Queen of Attolia is a Fantasy Film
I don't know any similar but there is other movies in that series called Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
There are 3 parts in this series including the Order of the Phoenix
Chris Columbus directed the order of this movie.
Okay, enjoy the movie
Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
Have you read The Clan of the Cave Bear? I highly recommend it.
Sure! The Shelters of Stone is a Fantasy novel that was originally written in 1993.
Zoe's Tale is also a great book. It was written by John Scalzi and released in 2008.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Derek Jacobi starred in a lot of movies. I like his acting in Unforgivable Blackness, Underworld, and The Fighter. Are you interested in any of these?
Unforgivable Blackness also starred Mike Colter and it was released in 2011.
He sure did. He also starred in The Tree of Life.
You are correct! Keith Carradine also starred in the movie.
Sure he's an athlete in the Indian national cricket team. But that's all I really know. He was also in the Olympics.
I'm more of a football fan. I don't really know much about it either. I am more of a baseball fan.
No, I'm not a huge tennis fan but I do like Serena Williams.
I agree. He must be very good at what he does as well.
I do! He is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
I like Bill Murray, too! He's a great player, right?
I didn't know he was a director, but I've heard he's great. He also directed The Lord of the Rings, another fun movie.
I agree. The Broncos are having a good season this year.
Sure, the Sea of Monsters was written by Rick Riordan.
It is a Fantasy. Do you like that genre?
You might enjoy The Lightning Thief or The Lightning Thief
F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Great Gatsby. Have you read any of these?
I'm not sure of the exact date but I do know that it was released in 1851.
He has also written The Curse of the Black Pearl and The Great Gatsby. Have you read those yet?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Did you like Michael Crichton because he wrote the TV drama ER?
Crichton is related to Michael Crichton.
Robin Cook has written a lot of books including The Robots of Dawn and The Titan's Curse.
You're welcome.
Ratatouille is great! It was directed by Roland Emmerich. He also directed The Incredibles!
Yes he is. He also wrote and starred in The Incredibles!
You're welcome
Great Expectations: Pip's Name and Going Astray: Dickens and London.
I am not sure but it is a biography
Tambling wrote the accusation that he also wrote Apocalypse Now
That's a great song by J.K. Rowling. Do you know her?
Yes, and he also sang sang You Need Me, You Can't Take You.
I don't know a lot about him, but I'd like to learn more about him.
I can tell you it is speculative fiction. It that a genre that interests you?
Sure! Do you like books by Rosner and Hesse or speculative fiction genre in general?
It was written by Terry Pratchett. Would you like to read it?
He also wrote Welcome to the Monkey House and The Sirens of Titan.
You're welcome!
I like that movie too, it's a fantasy movie. Do you like those types of movies?
You might like The Chronicles of Narnia or The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.
I don't know much about that one. I know he was born in Alexandria, California.
Sure! The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes is part of a series. The next in the series is The Croods.
Great! Arthur Conan Doyle wrote The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes as well as Arthur Conan Doyle. Would you like to know more about this book?
It is a Mystery book. Do you like Mystery books?
I believe it is a short story
The Girl on the Train is a psychological thriller starring Paula Hawkins. Are you familiar with her?
The Perfect Game was written by Simon Beaufoy.
Yes. The Girl on the Train is a very popular film filmed in the United States.
Yes, Sam Smith is a great singer and song writer. Do you enjoy his music?
I like her fathers music but I don't know much about her.
I do like her! She is my favorite artist!
Yes! He directed Three Kings. HE also directed the wonderful film I Heart Huckabees with Lily Tomlin and Dustin Hoffman.
Yes, Nora Dunn starred in it as well. Do you like thrillers?
He also directed the Indie film The Rock which is funny too. Have you seen it?
Great, enjoy!
Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995.
Yes, it was also a very good book
Yes, it is a drama
I don't have any suggestions for books but I can recommend some drama books
You're welcome, enjoy!
He has starred in The Girl Next Door, which also starred Will Smith.
Yes, Marisa Tomei starred in The Wrestler.
Sure, she's been in a number of movies. She's also been in The Virgin's Lover and The Lady in the Lake.
Well, it is a Romantic Comedy if you like that kind of movie.
You're welcome! Enjoy the movie!
He directed Legend of Tarzan and Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.
Sure! He has also starred in Fantastic Beasts and Where the Wild Things Are. Are you familiar with those?
Anything else I can help you with today?
He wrote Looper starring Bruce Willis. Have you heard of that one?
My True Love Gave to me is a great book
He also wrote THe Power of Six.
Sure, Stefan Kapicic Starred in Deadpool a comedy and also in Deadpool. Do you like his work?
Sure, do you like Action/Adventure movies?
It is the Superhero Sci-Fi/Horror genre.
Sure. That was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you enjoy the Harry Potter series?
Catching Fire is the next book in the series
Sure, she wrote We Were Liars, The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks, and the Boyfriend List.
That's right. It's in English. Did you know that it was released in English?
You're welcome. Enjoy your reading!
Interstellar starred Matthew McConaughey. Do you like his movies?
X-Men:Days of Future Past is a good one. Have you seen that one?
Another good one is X-Men: The Last Stand.
It stars Brad Pitt and Anthony Hopkins to name a few.
If you like Peter Capaldi, you might like The Matrix series, this is also a crime fiction movie.
I like his song We Rode in Trucks is pretty cool.
I don't know the genre, but I do know he is a pop rock and soul singer.
I don't know the genre, but I do know he composed composed We Rode in Trucks.
He directed Equilibrium a drama and Ultraviolet
They're great. Are you looking for more movies she starred in?
She also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine. Have you seeing?
No problem, enjoy!
He wrote The Throne of Fire and The Verdict. Have you read them?
He also wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend.
It is crime fiction.
Do you like The Selection because it is written by Kiera Cass or because it is a Young-adult fiction?
She also wrote The Siren, The Prince, and The One, Have you read any of these?
Sure, enjoy the book
You're welcome
He wrote Waking Life, which stars Ethan Hawke.
Yes, it is a Romantic Comedy starring Nicky Katt. Do you like that genre?
Ok, enjoy the movie!
He directed Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
The Fault in Our Stars was written by John Green.
John Green also wrote Paper Towns.
If you like young adult fiction, The Fault in Our Stars is part of a series.
Do you need any other recommendations?
Good Will Hunting is directed by Matt Damon. Do you like dramas?
He did. He also directed Restless. Do you like that one?
Yep, that's right. He's one of the best actors in that movie.
I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
He's a writer. He wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames as well as Santaland Diaries.
He is a writer. He has written Dazed and Confused, which also wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames. He is also an actor.
I don't have that information either. I know he was influenced by John Grisham
It was written by E. Lockhart in 2014.
Sure, he wrote We Were Liars as well as The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks.
I'm sorry I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that it was released in 2014 and that was the same year that released You Are Not So Smart.
You're welcome. I'm happy to help.
Yes, Charles Frazier is an American professional footballer who plays as a striker for English club Paris Saint-Germain
Thirteen Moons has genre Thriller and Drama. Do you enjoy these genres?
Thirteen Moons was written by Charles Frazier.
You're welcome.
I have never heard of them, are they a pop music band?
I don't know them, but I do like their song Everyday is Like a Sunday.
He starred in Island of the Blue Dolphins . Have you seen that movie?
He wrote Island of the Blue Dolphins which was released in 1960.
Yes he did. Éric-Emmanuel Schmitt is an American author.
He is a table tennis player from China. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure, but he participated in the 2012 Olympics.
No problem, have a good day.
Het Achterhuis: Dagboekbrieven 14 juni 1942 - 1 augustus 1944.
It appears to be in English
I don't know anything about Eleanor Roosevelt but did you know she was born in the United States
You're welcome!
That was written by Nicholas Pileggi and Martin Scorsese. It stars Vincent Pastore, Vincent Gallo, Samuel L. Jackson and Robert De Niro to name a few.
Robert De Niro stars in The Black Dahlia which is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like this genre?
Casino is a good movie. A similar movie is The Death of a Salesman.
Thomas Lennon also starred in What Just Happened.
Yes. Art Linson wrote What Just Happened to Goodfellas.
You are welcome! Art Linson also wrote Where the Wild Things Are.
Do you like this because it is a drama or a crime movie?
Thomas Lennon, Joss Whedon stars in What Lies Beneath.
I don't have any information on what Lies Beneath was released in 2005.
You're welcome.
I know a little bit bit about them. They are coached by Doc Rivers and Brad Stevens.
Not really. I'm more of a baseball fan myself. What about you?
I don't watch much basketball but I like to watch LeBron
I don't know much about him, I'm not much of a basketball fan, but one of my favorite players is Dell Curry
Sure, he starred in the Pianist.
Yes Jason Statham also starred in the movie Don't You Love Me.
Simon West also directed Shooting the Past, which is a great movie
She wrote Tuck Everlasting.
Yes, it would be considered children's literature so I would not be surprised if it would be considered children's literature.
Yes, it is considered a Romance novel.
Enjoy your reading!
Sure, do you like comedy-drama movies?
Correct. Roland Emmerich wrote a bunch of movies. Have you seen any of them?
Yes, that's right. He also starred in a few movies like Remember the Titans and The Last Samurai.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know a little bit about him. He starred in Gravity
Gravity was released in 2010. Would you like to know more about that?
Gravity was released in 2013. Would you like to know more about that?
Sure. Gravity also has genre Thriller. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I don't know much about Las Vegas, are they a football team?
I didn't know that. What is their home venue for the Raiders?
I don't follow football much so don't know much about that.
Yes, The prestige is written by Christopher Nolan and starring Michael Caine.
Yes, it is starring Christian Bale and Hugh Jackman. Do you like science fiction movies?
Rebecca Hall has been in a lot of science fiction movies. Would you like recommendations for other science fiction films?
Ok, enjoy the films
Catch 22 is a war novel written by Joseph Heller.
I don't know much about it, but it is a war novel.
I don't know any similar books. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome
Sure. He wrote Untamed: A House of Night Novel which may be related to P.C. Cast.
It was released in 2007 and is a romance novel.
You are welcome. Happy reading!
Yes I like that book. It was written by Charles Dickens. Have you read any of his novels?
It is. Do you like White Teeth because it is a Historical novel?
Yes, Zadie Smith is a great writer.
You are welcome.
John Lasseter wrote quite a few. Quite a few. There are a few great movies if you like John Lasseter.
It was released in 2004.
Peter Jacobson has a voiceover role in the film.
You're welcome!
He is ok but I think his Spouse Hayden Panettiere is great
She's a champion heavyweight boxer, with a brother named Vitali
Yes they are talented, I think you'll enjoy them.
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football franchise based in the Denver Broncos. Are you a fan?
I like the Redskins but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Which is your favorite team?
Isn't he a quarterback for the Denver Broncos?
Was this the book written by Terry Pratchett? Or Neil Gaiman?
Terry Pratchett also wrote Wyrd Sisters
I recommend Wizard's First Rule and Witches Abroad
He is on the Golden State Warriors.
I think he is 4th in the NBA.
No, I am not sure about that
No problem
Me too! He directed The Silence of the Lambs. Have you seen that film?
Ted Tally starred in The Silence of the Lambs as Hannibal. Do you like Horror films?
I would definitely recommend The Silence of the Lambs, which is an action/adventure film.
Enjoy your movie!
I haven't seen that movie before but I know it's a great action adventure film directed by Steven Spielberg.
Yes, Shia Lebouf also starred in Armageddon. Have you seen that one?
I don't know any similar to Revenge of the Fallen. Is that something you'd like?
Yes, he is an athlete who plays Basketball as a point guard. He was born in Los Angeles
No I am not a basketball fan but I have never heard of a basketball fan
Yep, that's the same year that he played with Jonathan Swift.
I don't know about Hush Hush but I can recommend you movies where Christoph Waltz starred.
I believe it is a series
Yes it is a romance novel and it was written by Philip Pullman
Great, enjoy!
Thank you
A few things. He's from London and plays Golf most prominently.
That's what I think he's doing so far. I'm not much of a fan of golf but I'm more of a fan of his. What do you think?
I have not, but I'll watch it sometime
The Miami Dolphins are a great team in the AFC North division. I think their owner Randy Lerner would be happier with a better place.
How are the Patriots doing this year?
I see, I'm not sure how they are doing this year so I don't know much about their players anymore.
Yes, he wrote Rayuela
Rayuela was released in 1963, the same year that Way Station was released.
You're welcome.
Anne-Marie is a singer like Paul McCartney. Do you like him?
She is a good actress. She is also in the TV series The Giver.
It was based on book by J.K. Rowling, who also plays the piano.
Are you talking about the book Looking for Alaska written by John Green?
John Green also wrote Paper Towns.
If you like young adult fiction, you will like The Fault in Our Stars.
Enjoy
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works
I don't know him, but he was also in Breakfast at Tiffany's.
I have not, but if you enjoyed In Cold Blood you may like The Three Musketeers or Murder by Death.
He starred in Tangled. Would you like to know more about that movie?
That is correct. Mandymoore was in Mandy Moore. Would you like to watch it?
Sure! Have you seen Welcome to the Monkey House or Yesterday Was a Lie?
You are right. Tim Allen also stars in Toy Story 2.
Billie Jean is one of the big names in that movie.
You're welcome!
Yes. The book Artificial Intelligence is a great Sci-Fi novel written by Steven Spielberg.
Steven Speilberg also wrote A.I. Artificial Intelligence, starring Robin Williams. Would you like to hear more titles from him?
This movie was released in 1999 and is a thriller.
Great movie! It starred Russell Crowe, Paul Bettany, Michael Abbott, Jr., and Judd Hirsch.
Sure, Russel Crowe also starred in Zombieland, The Quick and the Dead.
He also starred in Zombieland and Yesterday Was a Lie.
Your welcome.
Al Pacino, Marlon Brando, and Bridget Fonda are starring in The Godfather Part III, have you seen that one?
The Scent of a Woman is directed by Kiera Casso.
I believe so. He's also an incredible director.
He has also starred in Horton Hears a Who! and The Scent of a Woman.
Witless Protection is an action/adventure film that was released in 1997.
Sure! Off the bat, let me know if you need anything else.
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
Enjoy your movie!
Yes, isn't she a singer?
Anne-Marie is a singer like Paul McCartney. You like music?
Some titles like Zoe's Tale, Z for Zachariah, X-Men, X-Men Apocalypse
Yes, I am a huge fan! I like some of their music from time to time. My favorite song is Bleed up. How about you?
I personally like their music , but I really like their music a lot more. I think they are very good at the end of the album.
They're sort of a mix of soul and pop. I like listening to all kinds of music too.
Sure, he starred in movies like Lolita, How to Train Your Dragon and How to Train Your Dragon 2
He also starred in The Curse of the Midas Box.
He also starred in Twilight, a crime fiction film.
Tyrone Giordano is a very famous actor. It's a very funny movie.
I don't know anything else about her but I do know that she also starred in the Family Stone.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Sylvia Plath wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath.
Of course, Sylvia Plath wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath, and The Collected Poems, and The Bell Jar.
That was co-written by Jane Austen and Sylvia Plath.
I think he was one of the most popular singers that he recorded -Days with Dana Carvey.
I'm not sure what it is about. You should check it out.
Ah yes that's the one. The whale is a great one with a twist, but also a good one for you.
Sure! He directed Deadpool. Do you like Deadpool?
Deadpool is a superhero film. Do you like superhero movies?
I don't have access to that information right now, but it is a great movie.
Ben Stiller's great. Enjoy
He wrote II Principe.
Il Principe was also written by Niccolo Machiavelli. Would you like to read it?
Il Principe was also written by Niccolo Machiavelli. He was also a musician!
Il Principe was also written by Niccolo Machiavelli.
Sure, he wrote The War of the Worlds. Do you like fiction?
I am not sure. I do know that it was released in 2005.
I'm not sure. I hope you enjoy it.
She has written many good books. including The Color Purple which was also a play. Do you enjoy books by female authors?
The Color Purple is a fantasy novel and the genre is Fantasy. Do you like fantasy novels?
Yes, it is musical, the genre is a drama
Memento is a book written by Christoper Nolan and released in 1995.
I do not have that information right now but other psychological thrillers you can check out are The Presidio, The Dark Knight, and The Dark Knight
You are welcome.
Karim Benzema plays for France national football team right?
Wow, I didn't know that. Real Madrid is a sports team.
I like them better than Chelsea F.C.
The Scarlet Letter is a novel written by Jane Austen. Would you like recommendations for other books by her?
He wrote The World According to Garp.
That is a good one, it was released in 1973.
The Cider House Rules was released in 1995.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
He wrote Set It Off starring Vivica A Fox and Law Abiding Citizen .
She's a great actress! She also starred in The Princess Mononoke, which is a great animated film.
It is an action/adventure film starring Ron Clements. Gary Gray also directed and produced it.
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, do you like action movies or action movies in general?
Sure, The Fight Club is a Drama and Action movie directed by David Fincher. The film stars George Clooney and Matt Damon.
I don't think I can recommend a comedy like The Fault in Our Stars.
Brad Pitt also starred in the drama Slaughterhouse-Five.
You're welcome.
It's a romance novel written by Kurt Vonnegut. Do you like romance novels?
Simon McBurney also starred in Days of Blood & Starlight. Have you seen any of these?
Yes, it is! It is a romance/comedy film.
Yes, Harbhajan Singh is an athlete that plays Cricket for the Mumbai Indians
I don't know much about cricket but I've heard it's a popular sport to watch.
That's interesting to know. I'm not much of a fan of cricket but I believe he is from India.
I think they are a great team, but I haven't been following them since they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLI
Mike Brown is a good coach
Yes it was written by Louis Sachar. It was released in 1998. Have you read it?
Wayside School is Falling Down is written by Louis Sachar. It was released in 1844.
Yes! It was written by Louis Sachar. It's a great book club.
I know a little bit. He's a basketball player. Do you follow the sport?
I am not sure, but I do know that he won the NBA All Rookie award and a championship in 2012!
They are a basketball movie actually, a lot of fun to watch.
You're welcome!
He starred in Vulgar, Unstoppable and The Fountain. I see you have watched Vulgar. Did you see it?
I'm having trouble getting that right now. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure. Vulgar is more of a drama/mystery film. It is a film set in the Pacific Northwest. It is a very good book and a great movie.
Kevin Smith also wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas which is also a drama film.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I know they are a soccer team, do you follow soccer?
Not really, I don't know much about soccer , but i know he plays for Manchester United F.C
It was written by Terry Goodkind and is considered High Fantasy. It was released in 1994.
Sure, you might like The Pillars of the Earth, The Confessor or The Pillars of the Earth.
It is a Drama/Comedy novel.
Yes. Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell and released in 1949.
It is a Utopian Fiction and dystopian fiction. Do you like books in these genres?
He has also written The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
I am not sure of the genre of that novel, but I believe it is a Historical novel.
I can add them to your reading list.
It is a historical novel like The Shadow of the Torturer.
I hope you enjoy them.
Glad I could help
I know he was born in Atlanta but plays quarterback for the Carolina Panthers.
Wes Welker on the team? I love that team! Do you have a favorite team?
I like Stephen Goshkowski, he's on the Patriot's right. Do you have any favorite actors?
I don't know much about him. I know he is a boxer that fought Oscar De La Hoya. Do you like Boxing?
Yeah, he's good. I wasn't he? I don't know what year he won.
Oh, I didn't know that. I think he's also a writer.
The Time Machine was written by H.G. Wells who also wrote The War of the Worlds. Have you heard of it?
Cassandra Clare wrote that book.
I would consider it to be a drama
Breaking Dawn is part of the Twilight series. Have you seen that one?
There's a second book called Unbreakable if you haven't seen that one. Have you seen that one?
Of course. Youth in Revolt stars Steve Buscemi and Steve Buscemi.
Great, I think you'll enjoy this movie.
Andrew Garfield starred in The Social Network and The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you seen those?
Amazing Spider-Man is a comic fantasy starring Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield. It is a great movie.
Yes, she did. She also won the MTV Video Music Award.
Sure, it's written by Dale carnegie. Similar books would be The magic of Thinking Big and The Happiness Project.
The Road to Eldorado and The Three Musketeers are a couple of good books I recommend.
He also wrote First Things First: To Live, to Love, to Learn, to Leave a Legacy for more of his books.
You're welcome.
Do you like the New York Yankees?
Jack Reacher is a great mystery thriller starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more about it?
Jack Reacher is a psychological thriller and a similar movie is Top Gun. Would you like to watch that?
Shark Night also stars Kyla Pratt and Dustin Milligan.
I have heard that he is very talented, he is a songwriter too.
Ziggy Marley is a lyricist. i love his music too. do you like him?
I don't know any of his songs, but I know he is from Compton and plays the piano too.
Are you a fan of animated films? If so I would recommend The Incredibles.
Sure, Ratatouille was written by Elizabeth George Speare. It's a suspense thriller and stars Emma Stone.
You're welcome!
Se7en is a great movie, did you know he also wrote The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly?
I don't know any crime Thrillers. Is that something you are interested in?
I'm not sure about that. I don't have any information on that.
I'm always happy to help.
Was this book written by Paula McLain?
I have not, but I heard it was a pretty good read.
Circling the Sun was released in 2015.
No, it was only written in English, but it's in English.
I really like her song You Love Me. Do you have a favorite song of hers?
I like the song You Need Me, I Don't Need You.
I don't know of any others, but I do know that she has a daughter, I know that she is also a musician.
I don't usually watch reality television, but I've heard very interesting that Aiken was on American Idol.
City of Fallen Angels is written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
City of Fallen Angels was written by Cassandra Clare. Would you mind if I search for other books by her?
The Magician's Land is another book written by her.
No problem, enjoy.
Of course! Terry George directed Hotel Rwanda, starring Sophie Okonedo and Joaquin Phoenix. He also directed Hotel Rwanda as well as many other great films.
It is an adventure/comedy film
Besides Johnny Depp, the actor also starred in the movie.
It is a Drama, similar to The Other Boleyn Girl.
Sure! The Picture of Dorian Gray, starring Anjelica Huston, is also a History movie.
I'm not sure who stars in The Other Boleyn Girl, but I do know that The Prize for Fiction.
Absolutely. Franz Kafka wrote The Castle as well as Amerika
The Castle was released in 2012 and is in English. It's a novel that was published in 2003.
I don't know about that, but I do know that it was released in that year.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
Steven Spielberg directed The Goonies, A.I. Artificial Intelligence. Have you seen it?
I don't have any more information on that movie, but he did write Sherlock Holmes though.
Sure! Paula Hawkins wrote The Great Gatsby and The Grand Budapest Hotel.
Yes it was, and it came out in 2012
you're welcome
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren, The Prince, and The Prince. Have you read any of these?
The Siren is a fantasy novel. Are you interested in fantasy?
I do! She is a great actress. She has also written The Siren, The Queen, and The Prince.
Yes, Modern Prometheus is written by Percy Bysshe Shelley and Percy Bysshe Shelley.
There is a movie starring Percy Bysshe Shelley and Percy Bysshe Shelley. Are you familiar with The Last Man in Rome?
He also starred in The Last Legion and The Patriot
He also starred in The Last Dragon
Yes I do, it was written by John Green and is a young adult fiction.
I have heard of The Fault in Our Stars?
I think he is a good basketball player but I don't follow the sport. Do you?
I didn't know he is in football, what is that about?
Yes they become a basketball player as well.
Sure! The Scorch Trials was written by James Dashner. It's a speculative fiction movie, do you like that genre?
I agree, I enjoy Way Station!
Yes, that's a good one. I hope you enjoy it!
X-Men has genre Thriller, do you like X-Men because it stars Hugh Jackman?
Roger Rees is the starring actor. Have you seen it?
Volcano stars Don Cheadle and Gaby Hoffmann. It's a Thriller/Crime Fiction. Does that sound interesting?
I have not seen it, but I heard it was written by both Craig Pearce and Baz Luhrmann.
I think so. Missy Eliot was in a movie called Beloved.
Jodie Foster also starred in it.
You're welcome
Cristiano Ronaldo plays for the Real Madrid C.F. and the Portugal national football team.
Not really. I am more of a soccer fan. What about you?
I don't watch sports but I do enjoy basketball. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys.
I love American football, but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite?
I like the redskins, who is your favorite team?
Oh I hope they do. They're the best in the AFC North division right now.
Sure he starred in The Wildest Dream with Alan Rickman.
Sure, Scarface is a thriller. Do you like movies starring Al Pacino?
Do you like any other crime/thrillers?
Yes. Rodney Dangerfield also starred in The Manchurian Candidate too. It's a classic!
You're welcome!
He wrote Little Miss Sunshine.
Would you like me to add it to your playlist?
I don't have that information, but I do know that it is a great movie!
You're welcome.
He's a composer, lyricist and singer/songwriter. some of his songs are Ridin' Solo and It Girl
I like his music alot, I like his music a lot. I think he is a very good songwriter
I haven't heard much about her. I do like American Idol.
Sure, it was written by Liane Moriarty and it was released in 2009.
I'm not sure. It was released in 2014. Liane Moriarty also wrote Three Wishes, which was released in 2014.
The Farthest Shore is similar to Ender's Game.
Speakers of the Dead and Speakers of the Dead are Speculative fiction
Waylander was written by Charlaine Harris and is a Fantasy Genre. Do you like fictions?
You are welcome.
Sure, do you like Aladdin because it stars Bruce Willis?
George Clooney directed the Princess and the Frog. Do you like his work?
Sure, enjoy the movies
She is a great singer and actress. Did you know she starred in The Muppets?
Definitely! She's a good actress. Did you know she starred in a lot of movies?
The muppets is a great movie, did you know it was filmed in the United States?
Coldplay is a band with Chris Martin as the lead vocal. Do you like them?
I like Yellow too. I think you'll like This Lullaby, it's pretty cool.
No, it did not. I'm not sure about that.
Sure! He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen that?
He has starred in a lot of comedies. He also starred in The House of Mirth and Lolita.
Yes she is, she also starred in a romance film - The River Why.
No problem
Kahil Gilbran wrote The Prophet. It is a Fantasy movie. Do you like genre Fiction?
that is a Thriller. what else can i do for you today?
The Prophet was released 2008 what else can i do for you today?
you are welcome
I think he's a romantic actor. Do you like romantic comedies?
Sure, one of my favorites is X-Men Apocalypse. Have you heard that one?
I'm not really a fan, but I believe he is a pop rock and soul singer.
Yes, he is a great author! He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
It is a novel about the life of a Young Girl who takes place in the United States
It was released in 2003
Is there anything else I can help you with
The Wolverine was written by Hugh Jackman. Hugh Jackman starred in this movie.
Rise of the Guardians is an action/adventure film
He also wrote Rise of the Guardians.
You are welcome
Yes, the movie Red stars Morgan Freeman and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
He starred in The Last Dragon, The Bodyguard, The Black Dahlia, and The Black Dahlia.
Sure, he starred in The Right Stuff and The Adjustment Bureau.
J.K. Rowling wrote the film.
Shooter is written by Stephen Hunter and starring Tate Donovan.
Shooter is starring Rob Zombie and Matt Dillon.
Yes, Tate Donovan was in that as well. The O.C is a great series.
I hope you enjoy it!
Did you enjoy it because it was a drama or a crime fiction?
If you liked that one, you might also like The Recruit or The Men Who Stare at Goats.
I am not sure who is in the film.
Of course, Maleficent is a fantasy movie. Would you like to know more of the actors?
Sure. She also starred in Falling in Love and The Secret of Joy.
Yes! Mr. Smith is in it too.
Yes, that was a good one too!
Owen Wilson is so talented. He was in Zoolander 2 too.
He's on the Germany national football team
I'm not sure, but he plays the Midfielder.
He's a Midfielder and plays the position of Forward.
I know he's a player on the Real Madrid C.F. from Portugal. You like soccer?
It is a soccer player from the Portugal national football team.
Yes, she is the captain of the Portugal national football team.
Yes, The Two Towers and Stone of Destiny
Yes, He starred in Edge of Tomorrow.
You might want to check out The Outsiders or The Power of Forgiveness.
Yes it is and if you like Love Bill Murray, you should check out Zombieland if you want.
I hope you enjoy the movie.
That is a great movie starring Zooey Deschanel
I like romantic comedies. Would you like to hear about any of these?
I like murder mystery. Would you like to hear about any other mystery movies?
I have not, but if you like Pacifier I think you should watch The Passion of the Christ.
Yes I do, she wrote Beautiful Redemption and Beautiful Darkness.
Sure. She wrote Gone with the Wind and Beautiful Creatures. Are you familiar with those?
I'm not sure about that, I don't have any information on that.
They're a great baseball team but I don't follow the Yankees. Are you a fan?
He is from the United States of America.
The movie is starring Joss Whedon. Have you seen it?
I do not know who produced it, but I do know that it is a family film
I don't have any information on that. Did you know he was a musician?
I am not sure of the genre but I do know that he produced it.
I am not sure but it was produced by Joss Whedon.
Do you mean Bruce Dern or Michael Rapaport?
Yes, Good Will Hunting is starring Matt Damon and was written by Matt Damon. Do you like dramas?
It is, do you like that movie?
No I haven't heard of them.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, they are a team in the NFC owned by John York and
I like Joe Montana, my favorite team is the New York Giants. My favorite team is the Philadelphia Eagles though.
No, I like the Steelers, but I think the Steelers have won a few Super Bowls.
Do you like the book because it is a Drama or because it is also a thriller?
The Women of Brewster Place was written by Rachel Carson. Would you like to read other books by her?
Drama, Xander Berkeley, and Oprah Winfrey star in the book.
Oprah Winfrey also starred in Cicely Tyson.
Sounds good.
Dark Lover is speculative fiction novel written by J.R. Ward. It has a vampire them.
You are correct. That was the same year that When You Reach Me was released. Have you read it?
The Mist was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote The Shawshank Redemption.
You might enjoy The Mist or The Dark Knight Rises.
You're welcome!
Shelley Duvall starred in Time Bandits. Do you like comedies?
Sure. The Shinning is directed by Steven Spielberg and stars Hugh Jackman.
I'd have to find it for you.
My pleasure.
He starred in The Invasion and Downfall.
The Invasion stars Jodi Picoult and Nick Cassavetes. It's a great thriller.
I don't know anything else. However, I can tell you that she also starred in Battleship!
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, he is an American professional basketball player for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
She has been in a number of movies including What's Your Number, The Magician's Calling and The Princess and the Frog.
Yes, I think she's a very talented person. Did you know she starred in Men in Black 3?
I haven't seen it yet but I will definitely check it out!
It's a great movie! It also starred Alyson Noel, who also starred in True Grit.
He wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you read that?
Essential readings is an non-fiction and non-fiction. It was released in 1877.
I don't know any other books written by Alice's Adventures, but Thomas Hobbes is from the United States of America.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, do you like J.R.R. Tolkien's work?
I would recommend The Good Doctor or The Dark Knight Rises.
He starred in Troy, which is one of my favorites.
You're welcome
She is a writer, poet, poet, and author. Have you heard of Ariel?
I know he's a professional golfer from Murrieta. I don't follow golf too much. Do you like him?
Yes I like Adam Sandler in that one. What is your favorite movie?
He did. Hot Tub Time Machine was a great one. Did you know he was a producer?
He is a writter of the movie The Butterfly Effect starring William Lee Scott
It is a fantasy movie. Would you like to hear about other fantasy movies?
You are welcome.
Sure, Now You See Me is a Thriller. Do you enjoy Thrillers?
It is a drama/mystery starring Adrien Brody. Do you like her?
I don't have any more information on that, but I do know that it is a thriller/adventure movie.
Juno has genre Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
You might enjoy The Looking Glass Wars, or The Golden Compass.
Yes, it is a comedy-drama and also a comedy.
J.K. Rowling stars in the movie
Bradley Cooper has been in several movies including Unbreakable, The Poker House, and The Legend of Z.
I don't know if he is in any comedy movies but he also starred in Harry Potter
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans which was released 2012.
Yes it was released in 2012 and is a drama/mystery. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Sure can try Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee and Kyla Pratt
Okay sure you will like it . It is a great movie.
Sure. Similar books would include Sense and Sensabilitiy and Jane Eyre. Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen
Ralph Fiennes is the author of this book.
That's a great book. He also wrote Tolstoys and The House of Mirth.
No, I am not a fan of Shooter. I am not a big fan of the film.
He's a great actor. Have you seen any of his movies?
He was also in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that one?
While You Were Sleeping has genre Comedy. Have you seen The Matrix Revolutions?
Rocky is a great movie written by Sylvester Stallone. Another similar movie would be The Fighter. Have you seen that?
You might enjoy The X-Men Origins:Wolverine, Independence Day, and the X-Men 2.
Undisputed is an action and adventure film and it was released in 1985.
You're welcome!
Water for Elephants is written by Sara Gruen and a Romance Film. Do you like romance films?
Then you'll like Wreck-It Ralph written by Sara Gruen.
I'm not sure when it was released.
You're welcome.
I didn't know he's a basketball player but I did know he played in the Dallas Cowboys.
I am not a big basketball fan but if Stephen Curry won the NBA All-Rookie of the Year award. Do you like him?
I agree, I'm happy to see each other's play.
Oh wow, I didn't know that! What is your favorite sport?
Sure! The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time by Mark Haddon, and that was released in 2003.
He also wrote The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time, which is a fantasy novel.
The Godfather, starring Al Pacino, was a drama. Do you want similar movies also produced by Robert Evans?
Yes it is. The Godfather Part II.
Apocalypse Now stars Marlon Brando and is a popular movie.
Yes, Apocalypse Now is a great movie. Apocalypse Now is a classic.
She's fine. I liked her in The Matrix series, The Matrix Reloaded.
Prisoner of Shark Island has a Genre of Romance , Drama and Crime genres. Do you like these movies?
I really like his music.
He was a Parody too. He also starred in Tiny Beautiful Things
You're welcome
Sure, Meg Cabot wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas.
Underworld & fantasy is the genre. Do you like fantasy books?
Sure. She also wrote Underworld:Evolution, Twilight and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
You're welcome!
If you like thrillers, you might enjoy Shark Night. It is a Crime Fiction Film.
I don't have any more information on that movie. The Perfect Storm is a thriller starring War. Would you like me to add it to your watch list?
I'm sorry I don't have the release date for that.
I'm glad I could help.
Craig Ferguson starred in movies like Winnie the Pooh and Vampire Bats. Have you seen any of them?
Sure. Craig Ferguson starred in Brave, How to Train Your Dragon 2 and The Muppets.
Saving Grace was released in 2006.
She is a tennis player. Do you like her?
Oh I know a lot about tennis but I don't follow it either. What sports do you like?
Wow that's interesting to know. I didn't know she lost to Maria Sharapova or Serena Williams?
Yes, they are a team in the NFC owned by John York and
I heard that this was a great year for the NFL. Did you know that the team is owned by John York and they were.
I believe the genre is Memoir, but I don't know the title.
127 hours is a Thriller directed by Danny Boyle who also directed Sunshine.
127 hours is a Thriller similar to 127 Hours.
Probably the rom-com. If you like James Franco, you might like X-Men 2 or Wonder Boys.
I know it was written by J.R.R Tolkien, and starred Tom Hanks.
It is a drama
You're welcome
Isn't he a cricket player? I believe he's from India. Do you enjoy watching cricket?
No, I don't know much about it. What sports do you like?
There's Rory Kinnear and Virat Kohli just to name a few.
Yes, it is written by C.S. Lewis and is part of a series. The next book in the series is The Abolition of Man.
He also wrote The Voyage of the Dawn and The Silver Chair. Have you read any of these?
I believe it to be a drama.
Glad to be of help
Sure, J.M. Barrie wrote Peter pan and Where The Wild Things Are.
Are you looking for other books by J.M. Barrie?
Are you looking for similar stories like The Golden Compass or The Panic?
Sure, I am happy to help.
Sure! The Sea Wolf is a young adult fiction novel with a fantasy genre as well.
I'm not sure who wrote the book but The Sea Wolf was made into a movie
He wrote Paccka3bl N TLobectN.and Eecbl.
I'm not sure. But Eecbl was written by Richard Pevear.
I do not have that information but I do know that it was also released in English.
The Cabin in the Woods is starring Kristen Connolly.
I do not have that information. I can tell you that it was written by Drew Goddard
Yes that is the one with the same genre. I have not seen it yet.
Ok I'll add it to your list. Enjoy!
Is it the Sci-Fi drama that you like or the Adventure?
If you liked that one, you may want to try The Incredible Hulk or The Avengers.
Sure, he also wrote Man on Wire (not fire) and the Watchmen
Armageddon has genre Sci-Fi
That's the same year that released A Scanner Darkly, which was directed by Frank Miller
I recommend The Blind Side. It was written by Philip Pullman.
Biography is a very good one, as well as a psychological thriller.
It's about an Irish nurse who goes searching for his mother's life after his death in England after the outbreaks.
I hope you enjoy it!
She is an excellent tennis player, one of my favorite tennis players.
I only know that Venus is ranked world No. 40 in the WTA singles rankings
I see I doubles, but I haven't watched any doubles, but I see they had a doubles down
I do! It is a great movie starring Ryan Reynolds, Tom Hanks, and Chris Hemsworth. Do you like any of them?
Woman in Gold is a superhero movie I do not know about The Proposal, but The Proposal is a sci-fi movie.
I like Scarlett Johansson, but I like the movie The Other Boleyn Girl. It is a Historical period drama.
Yes, It is a Mystery and Drama flick. Do you like Hugh Jackman? He is in this movie.
It is directed by Neil Gaiman.
Harrison Ford is the main star.
I don't know.
I have not seen Superman Returns. Are you a fan?
I believe it is a drama, but if you like superhero movies I can recommend The Incredibles.
You've Got Mail is a great movie.
He is also in The Messenger which was an Indie Film
I'm sure you will enjoy it.
You're welcome
The Deception Point was written by Dan Brown and is a thriller. Do you like this author or you like thrillers?
The Last Temptation of Reamde has genre Techno-thriller. what else can i do for you?
what else can i do for you today?
Sure! I love that one, too. I would recommend on Flux and Zathura: A Space Adventure, if you like those.
It is, enjoy!
Oprah Winfrey, Daniel Craig starred in the movie.
OK, have a nice day!
Yes, that's correct. He's a prolific writer.
You're welcome!
Okay, have a good day!
Is it the one written by Charles Dickens?
The Fiery Cross is a popular book she has written in the Outlander series.
I'm not sure what else she has written but I know The Own Heart's Blood is a science fiction book.
My Own Heart's Blood is the second book of the Outlander series.
He is my favorite football player, do you follow soccer at all?
Not really. I don't follow football much so don't know much about soccer.
I didn't know he was in that movie but I'm familiar with his work as well.
Roland Emmerich directed The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Are you into Action/Adventure Films.
That's a sci-fi action film. Do you like those types of movies?
He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Garth Williams directed that movie.
I liked her in Who's That Girl and Swept away, more than her songs. What about you?
I like some of Madonna's stuff like The Lives of Others and The Red Pony. Those are my favorites.
He's a favorite of mine, one of my all time favorite Thrillers. What's yours?
They're a good AFC East, team, but I'm from the Midwest, so I don't know much more.
I'm not really a fan of football. Are the Jets in the AFC East?
I do not know much about football. I do know that they play in the United States of America.
He wrote Snatch.
Sure. Snatch is a Thriller starring Robert Downey Jr. and was released in 2006.
I don't know off the top of my head. Sorry.
Sure, I'll add it now.
Yes I know they are a south korean boy band
I haven't heard any of their music but I have heard they are very popular in the UFC West.
Let me know if I can be of any more help
Sure he has starred in Deadpool a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yeah, he did. I really liked X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
He's friends with Snoop Dogg. They are both rappers.
I think you're right! I like Snoop Dogg, he composed the music for Snoop Dogg. Snoop Dogg also wrote The Wash and Music too.
Yes, he did! It's a favorite of mine, it's a classic!
You're welcome!
Sure! Shelley Duvall starred in Time Bandits. Do you like comedies?
Time Bandits was released in 2003 and starred by Ralph Fiennes, who also directed Friends with Benefits.
It is a Drama/Fantasy film set in Italy. It was released in 2002.
She was also in The Truman Show and The Secret of Moonacre.
Donna Tartt wrote The Little Friend and The Goldfinch.
I believe it is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
She's written The Little Friend and The Goldfinch.
It's a drama.
Sure, do you prefer Action/Adventure movies or action?
I don't know any more about that movie, but you may want to check out Zodiac or Yesterday Was A Lie.
That's right. Dwayne Johnson also directed Point of Retreat.
You're welcome.
Yes, he is a cricket player that plays in the Mumbai Indians team.
Not really. I don't follow cricket much so don't know much about it. I only know that Rohit is from India. I don't follow it either. Is that a sport you enjoy?
Yes. I'm a huge fan of the New England Patriots.
I hope the commercial win again, hopefully the commercials will be a good time!
Sure! Lea Thompson starred in The Wild Life, The Dog Lover and The Wild Life.
She was also in the Mists of Avalon, which is a comedy.
Lea Thompson is also in the film. He is a great actor.
I do have it, will add it to your watch list.
Audrey Niffenegger wrote The Time Traveler's Wife. It is a great book. Have you read it?
I believe it to be a drama
Audrey Niffenegger wrote the screenplay for Stanlee.
Sure! Jorja Fox starred in Memento. Have you seen that one?
Sure, Memento is written by David Jorjah and also stars Thomas Lennon.
He wrote the Dark Knight, which is also a Mystery movie.
Added to your watch list.
I like them a lot under Brett Farve as their quarterback. Since he retired, they're just not as exciting.
My favorite team is the Washington Redskins, that's okay.
I know. I'm not a huge fan of the New England Patriots.
I don't know. I'm more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan myself.
Victor Hugo wrote Les Miserables, have you read that one?
I haven't read any of his books, but he was influenced by Charles Dickens.
I'm sorry I don't have any similar books, but Victor Hugo also wrote El otoo del patriarca.
I am not super familiar with his work but there are other great superhero films like Warsaw.
Timothy Dalton is one of the starring actors in this film.
Deadpool is a superhero film and it was released in 2006.
You're welcome!
I recommend checking out The Passage if you like that.
I think he is a good football player.
Football? I don't follow that sport. What about you?
No, I am not a big soccer fan myself.
Yes she is, I liked her in Princess Protection Program
No, I don't remember if he was in that movie.
I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
It is a comedy starring Al Pacino. Do you like comedies?
John C.Reilly also wrote I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With, which is another comedy starring John C.Reilly.
In 2005, I'm not sure of the release date. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Sure! The Tragedy of Macbeth was written by William Shakespeare and released in 1606. That is also the same year as the release of The Tragedie of Anthony and Cleopatra.
The Tragedy of King Richard the Third was written by William Shakespeare.
The Tragedy of King Richard the Third has genre Historical fiction.
Yes, that is true. He wrote many books including Romeo and Juliet and Jesse James.
Sure, he directed quite a few. My personal favorites are the King's Speech, Les Miserables, and the Damned.
Kings Speech was rated PG - X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
The Kings Speech was released in 2012.
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season.
I think he's a defensive back too. He's a good team too.
That's right, he also coached the Patriots.
Nicolas Cage starred in Face/Off. Would you like to know more about the movie?
I like her too! Did you see her in a few movies as well?
Battleship also starred Rihanna. She is a great actor. Did you know she also starred in Love Actually?
I like Liam Neeson. He is an awesome actor. You should like it.
Yes,He is a musician and musician.
He's a pop rock and soul singer. Do you like that type of music?
Yes, I like R &B.
Yes, this is a great movie and it was written by Ralph Steadman.
Yes he was, and he also starred in The Rum Diary.
I have not seen that. I will have to see it.
I haven't seen any of them but I hope you enjoy it.
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
He also wrote The Tales of Beedle the Bard and The Casual Vacancy.
Juraissic has genre Romance. Are you looking for movies with the same genre?
Some similar movies are; World War Z, V for Vendetta, and The Tree of Life.
Yes, Burt Reynolds is in the X-Men Origins: Wolverine and the X-Men Origins: Wolverine
Some of the actors include Angelina Jolie and Robert Duvall
Other adventure movies include X-Men Apocalypse, Wolverine
He does star in some other adventure movies
He wrote Wizard and Glass and The Sandman: Endless Nights.
Yes, it was co-written by Stephen King.
I'm not sure what you're looking for. Is it a fiction novel?
You're welcome!
Yes. Forrest Gump starring Tom Hanks. Would you like to watch it?
I'm not super familiar with them, but I've heard they're coached by Lovie Smith.
My favorite player is probably my favorite. What is yours?
He played a forward in the game
They are going to make the playoffs.
I'm a big fan of hers. Did you know she is in a relationship with Chris Brown?
I have not seen it, but I heard she is a great singer
That's interesting. I have never heard of them, are they good?
No, I haven't heard any of his music.
Yes, he was in Desperado. Did you know he is also an artist?
I haven't heard anything from her but I will definitely check it out.
Sure! Do you like Gothic fiction?
Sure. It's another great read from the 18th Century. It is about a boy who moves to a small town and falls in love with his life.
Ok, I will be sure to check it out. Thanks for all the information!
Robin Buss wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo released in 1844. Have you heard of it?
Robin Buss wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo, have you read it?
Ernest Hemingway wrote that one as well.
It was written by Emily St. John Mandel and was released in 2014, along with Emily St. John Mandel. Are you familiar with her work?
She has also written The Bonesetter's Daughter, The Left Hand of Darkness, and The Secret Life of Bees.
It's a psychological thriller with a little bit of drama.
You're welcome!
Yes I am, it was written by Rick Yancey. Are you familiar with his work?
I do, I would recommend checking out The Last Star. It's written by Rick Yancey.
Yes, that was the same year that wrote The Last Star and The Infinite Sea.
Robert Jackson wrote a book called Wolves of the Calla. Would you like to read it?
That is a great book! Its by James Patterson
It was released 1595
The Notebook was a romance novel written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like romance?
If you like historical movies, I would suggest The Notebook. Would you like to hear more examples of this movie?
Yea, I'm not sure who starred in it but it was written by Sara Gruen.
Of course, enjoy!
I do! It is an historical fiction novel written by Jamie Ford.
You are correct. Songs of Willow Frost was released in 2005.
I think it is somewhere in United States of America.
Sounds like a good book
Batman Begins was released in 2005. Have you seen the sequel/remake The Dark Knight?
Morgan Freeman starred in The Civil War, The Giver, The Giver. Have you seen any of these?
He's in The Civil War, Invictus and Along Came a Spider to name just a few.
It is a fiction book by John Grisham. Are you familiar with his work?
You might also enjoy Into the Wild or Into the Wild by John Grisham.
Sure. He's a great author. Some of his most famous books include Xenocide and The Pilgrimage.
Margaret R. Higonnet wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
Tim Dolin is very talented. He has a very good writing style.
He also wrote the Picture of Dorian Gray which was released in 1891
Robert Wrote the Silkworm it had me on my toes great book
J.K Rowling also wrote The Silkworm and the Cuckoo's Calling
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
Thriller Genre
There is The Looking Glass Wars written by Frank Beddor
They are thrillers
your welcome
The Ambassador's Mission is similar. Have you heard of it?
Yes, Simmons wrote it.
There's The DaVinci Code & Inferno just to name a few.
I sure do! He starred in The Rum Diary with Dennis Hopper. Have you seen it?
He's also in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
I didn't know James Coburn also starred in Harvest of Fire.
Oh, I like those too, I think you'll enjoy those comedies!
Great, enjoy!
I don't know much about him. Is he a Point Guard?
Since he is a Point Guard, I would say he is a good player
He is a point guard, and he is a point guard.
Sure, do you like books by J.D Salinger? He also wrote Franny and Zooey
I don't have any examples of literary Realism. Is that something you're interested in?
They are a pop music band from Seoul that sing pop music, k-pop, and contemporary R&B.
I don't really know anything from South Korea. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't know any of her music either. I think I've heard they're very talented.
I know that it is a great book, written by Ann Brashares.
I don't know what year it was released. But if you like historical novels you should check out The Looking Glass Wars.
I would recommend World Without End if you liked that.
I'm adding to my read list now.
I'm glad to help.
Looper is a Thriller written by Rian Johnson.
yes what else can I do for you today?
have a good day
That was a great movie! It's a Thriller starring Russell Crowe, Paul Bettany, Michael Abbott, Jr., and Judd Hirsch.
Sure, he also directed A Beautiful Mind which is a psychological thriller.
You are welcome.
That book is written by Tony Goldwyn and Erik Larson
He also wrote Into the Wild and Into the Wild. Are you familiar with those?
It is a drama
Sure, I'm always here to help
Catcher in the Rye was written by J.D Salinger. It's a great book.
I have not read that yet, would you like me to find it for you?
He also wrote Fifty Shades of Grey
I don't know much about football but I do know he plays for the Argentina national football team.
I do not know what year it came out
Jack Nicholson starred in that one as well as Hayden Panettiere.
I recommend Waiting to Exhale if you like drama.
Sure, Fiona Stafford wrote Emma which is a romance film. She also wrote Emma which is a great movie!
Philippa Gregory wrote Wideacre. Do you like historical fiction?
It is a Historical novel that was released in 1987.
Yes, they are both historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
Your welcome!
Sure, Arsenal is a sports team. It is a European Football team based in England.
They play the New England Patriots today. Are you a football fan?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. What's your favorite team?
Wally Lamb is a great actress. She starred in many movies including The Hour I First Believed and She's Come Undone
I'm not sure about that, but I know This Much Is True is considered a fiction novel.
I haven't read that one myself yet but I will check it out
I will welcome
The Miami Dolphins are a great team in the AFC North division. I think their owner Randy Lerner would be happier with a better place.
Not really, but I'm more of a fan of the Dallas Cowboys. What about you?
My favorite team is the Patriots. What is yours?
Sure, do you like crime fiction movies?
The movies starred Reese Witherspoon
I'm not sure of the exact date. Jurassic Park III was released in 1990 and was written by Richard Condon.
You're welcome
Yes, she has a good voice. She has some great songs like Thank Me Later and Where You Been, Where You Been, and so many more.
Yes, Victorious also starred Hugh Jackman and was a Family Saga as well.
I am not sure, but I know that Candice Bergen starred in it as well.
Yes, she was. I like Britney's sister too.
Downfall is a war story written by several people including Taudl Junge. It is a war story.
It's a war film, similar to the X-Men series. That's a good one!
You're welcome!
The genre is Speculative.
Sure, have you read Welcome to the Monkey House or Wyrd Sisters?
Great, I'll add Wuthering Heights to your list. Is there anything I can do for you today?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Big Hero 6 is a Sci-Fi Thriller written by Daniel Henney.
That is correct. He is also a writer and an actor.
Yes she does. Another example of sci-fi is X-Men: The Last Stand.
Correct. He also starred in a few TV shows like Big Hero 6 and the TV show Entourage.
I'm glad I could help.
The Miami Dolphins, a great football team, came in runner-up in 3 Super Bowls: XVII, XIX and VI.
They are very good. Who's your favorite team?
Tony Romo is also a former American football player and former captain of the National Football League.
Yes! Have you seen the Royal Tenenbaums?
Owen Wilson is in the film, including Harrison Ford. Would you like me to add it to your library?
Do you like movies with Owen Wilson in them?
Justin Rose is a professional Golfer from London.
I don't have any information on him. He's also a professional golfer.
I don't know much about him. I am not much of a golf fan.
Sure! Virginia Woolf wrote To The Lighthouse and The Waves.
Yes, she wrote The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York, and The Mother Tongue: English and How It Got That Way.
It came out in 1927. Would you like to read it?
Sure! I hope you enjoy the book!
He is a basketball player, who played point guard for the Detroit Pistons
He is currently playing for the Oklahoma City Thunder.
I have not really followed him but I know he is also a musician!
Shelly Duvall starred in Time Bandits. Do you like comedies?
Time Bandits would be considered a Drama/Fantasy film. It's one of the best rom-coms of all time.
You're welcome. I'm happy to help.
Oh yeah. Michael Mann wrote Public Enemies starring Marion Cotillard.
I don't know of any other films he directed, but if you like action he also directed Harry Potter.
It is a thriller, do you like those types of movies?
Frances Mayes Mayes is a great university professor, poet, memoirist.
She also wrote Under the Tuscan Sun, which was made into a movie.
I'll add it to your reading list.
I do, she's very talented. Wasn't she in Valentine's Day?
Do you know if she is in a relationship with Taylor Swift?
Oh, ok I did not know that
I don't know much about footbal but i know that he's a professional football team based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
I like Roethlisberger. He's a great player.
She wrote Shadowland and Night Star. Have you read them?
She's written a bunch. You might enjoy The Looking Glass Wars, or The Golden Compass. Would you like to know more?
You're correct. I'm sorry I don't have any information on that.
You're welcome.
I know he plays for the Colombia national football team
I do like American football.
Radamel Falcao is a Midfielder and Forward.
Dead Poets Society stars Robin Williams. It is a drama movie. Do you like drama movies?
It's a drama
Tom Schulman also wrote The Secret Life of Bees, The Rules of Attraction, and Mockingjay - Part 2
Okay, if you like Drama movies you'll like Welcome to Mooseport.
You're welcome!
He's the sibling of Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. Do you like them?
Yes, she did write quite a few books aside from Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, Parts One and Two,
I am not sure about that, but I can tell you that it was adapted into a movie starring Ian McKellen.
Yes Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
I don't have that information, but Milan Kundera was influenced by William Shakespeare.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! The Bourne Identity starred Matt Damon. Do you like it because it's a Thriller, or because it is a Mystery?
The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum starring Matt Damon. what else can i do for you today?
The Bourne Supremacy stars Matt Damon and Josh Brolin. Do you like them?
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit one of my favorite movies. If you haven't read it I highly recommend it.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, resilience, and Redemption.
My apologies. Un di Velt Hot Geshvign is a book released during that time.
James Mangold directed Walk the Line, a biography. He also directed Girl Interrupted, and Kate & Leopold. Do any of them sound interesting to you?
Yes, it was, along with Johnny Cash. Would you like to see it?
I'm not sure about that, but I know that Johnny Cash won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Original Score!
I'd suggest You've Been Warned, Worst Case, and Shopaholic to the Stars.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like to hear more books by F. Scott Fitzgerald?
Go Set A Watchman is a great book
Well, it is a fiction book, I highly recommend it.
Sure Jason Cope starred in District 9 which is a Thriller. Do you prefer Thrillers?
It's a drama
I don't know in any romance movies
Ron Clements
Yes, he directed Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
The Return of a Man Called Horse is about a man Called Horse and the Last Temptation of Christ.
You're welcome!
He starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that he also starred in Unaccompanied Minors
I don't have that information at the moment
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure. She starred in The Civil War. Have you ever seen that one?
You're right. Are you interested in other movies that he starred in?
Yes he is. He was also in The Civil War.
You're very welcome. Enjoy the movie.
Blood Diamond is an indie film starring Tom Cruise.
Do you like the New York Yankees?
Awesome! Leonardo DiCaprio starred in the classic The Aviator.
I think that's a great choice. The Dark Knight is another great one.
He did! James Cameron also wrote The Dark Knight Rises.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, 50/50 is a Romance movie similar to 50/50. Would you like to know more about this movie?
Well, 50/50 has a genre of Comedy, thriller, and crime fiction. Is that what you are looking for?
I don't know of any of her movies, but I do know she starred in Someone Like You, which also starred Sarah Silverman.
Don't mention it
Not really. I am more of a basketball fan so don't know much about them.
Washington Wizards are probably a basketball team.
I haven't. Do you know who produced Nanking?
Yes, I do. She is a very talented author. Have you read The Little House?
These Happy Golden Years is a novel genre. It was written by Laura Ingalls Wilder and also made into a movie.
If you like historical fiction you should check out Wolf Brother if you like.
Sure thing, I'll add them to your library now.
Sure, he wrote Thunderstruck
I do like drama. Have you heard of Apocalypto?
Sure, you might enjoy A Christmas Carol or The House of Mirth or The House of Mirth.
It's a great play! Other plays in that genre include The Witch of Blackbird Pond and The Giver.
It was directed by David O'Brien. Do you like his work?
It is a comedy/mystery film, released in 1988.
Brad Garrett starred in Underdog ,The Pacifier,The Country Bears and The Clockwork Girl among others
Jim Belushi also starred in The Mask and Did you know he is also a musician?
Jim Belushi also starred in The Pacifier in 2003.
You're welcome. I'm happy to help.
It is a comedy starring Meryl Streep and Emily Blunt.
Robert Duvall and Anne Hathaway are the characters in the movie
The Golden Compass starring Anne Hathaway
This movie was directed by Camille Delbanco
It was released in 2011
I hope you enjoy it
Sure, do you like movies she's been in? She's been in a lot of movies.
James Rodrguez is a Colombian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich and the Colombia national football team. He is currently playing for FC Barcelona and the Colombia national team.
I don't know much about him either. What other sports do you like?
I don't know, but I do know that Falcoa Falcao is a Midfielder.
Eddie Redmayne is one of my favorites.
Will Smith, Chris Hemsworth, and Jada Pinkett Smith star in the film.
That was a great movie starring Yeardley Smith and produced by James Brooks who also produced Riding in Cars with Boys.
Absolutely! Terms of Endearment is a comedy/mystery that was released in 1999. Would you like to watch it?
It was released in 1999, the same year as As Good as It Gets
Enjoy the movie
I like football, but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
The Jaguars are owned by Wayne Weaver. But, I'm not sure of the owner.
I like football, but I'm more into American Football.
She is an athlete that plays Badminton and was born in Hisar (Indian district)
That's right! That was the year that released The 2012 Olympics. That was a great year for her!
They're amazing! My favorite sport is Football.
He was born in Rochester, New York in 1962.
You're welcome!
Sure, he wrote Two By Two and The Wedding.
It was released in 2016 and is in English.
He also wrote True Believer and A Walk to Remember.
Yes, he was a Screenwriter as well.
He is a very famous person and an athlete as well.
You're welcome!
Pulp Fiction was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
There is. It's a sequel for Quentin Tarantino.
Yes she is. Uma Thurman also starred in Pulp Fiction as well.
Your welcome. It's a good one!
Sin City was directed by Robert Rodriguez. He also directed Sin City. Have you seen it?
Sin City is a crime fiction film, do you enjoy those?
Gentlemen Broncos starred Celia Weston and Gillian Jacobs.
Mike White also stars in The Manchurian Candidate, if you're interested.
Sure, it was written by Khaled Hosseini. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes it was, it has a genre of Romance . Do you like Romance films?
The Kite Runner is a Romance film. Khaled Hosseini starred in this as well.
Sure! Enjoy the book!
I believe she is a poet, but not much else
Yes, he did. Veronika decide morrer was written by Lois Lowry and it's considered a thriller.
That's interesting. I have seen The Pilgrimage and The Pilgrimage.
Sure, J.M. Barrie wrote Peter pan and Where The Wild Things Are.
I'm not sure but it was released in English.
Yes, The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like to read it?
I don't have that information, but I do know it was released in 1925.
Some other drama books in that genre include Xenocide, The Painted Veil, and The Painted Veil.
It was written by Terry Pratchett. It's also considered a classic!
It was released in 1925. It's a drama.
Fighter is a great movie! It stars Micky Ward, Mark Wahlberg, Melissa McMeekin, and Melissa Leo! Have you seen any of these actors?
Jane Eyre is a book written by Charles Dickens and was released in 1856.
Sure, Villette & The Professor are some other books she wrote. Are you familiar with?
Villette is a Speculative fiction. It's similar to Zoe's Tale, Xenocide, and The Portable Atheist.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure, Just Listen is written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her work?
Sarah Dessen also wrote What Happened to Good, This Lullaby, and The Truth About Forever.
It is, and it was released in 2003.
Sure, Marc Webb directed The Amazing Spider-Man 2, The Amazing Spider-Man and The Amazing Spider-Man 2.
That is correct. Steve Kloves wrote The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and The Amazing Spider-Man.
Steve Kloves also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man, as well as several other animated films.
I'm sure you'll enjoy this film.
I think he is a great singer
That's interesting. I think you have heard of a lot about them being a good team.
No I'm not very familiar with any other sports besides cricket
Yes, Baz Luhrmann directed The Great Gatsby and Moulin Rouge.
It stars Leonardo DiCaprio, Tobey Maguire, and Baz Luhrmann.
Glad I could help
Enjoy the movie
Yes I do! It is a great comedy written by Meg Cabot. Did you know it is also a Disney movie?
Some other classics about it are The Truth About Forever, and The Princess Diaries.
It has a fantasy and historical period drama in it. Do you like those types of movies?
I haven't read that one, but I will check it out.
Yes, The Call of the Wild is written by Jack London. It was released in 1943.
White Fang is a great fiction book.
I'm sorry I don't have any information on that book.
Beautiful Disaster is a novel written by Jamie McGuire. Do you like his work?
Walking Disaster was a great book released in 2015. Did you enjoy it?
I would recommend Walking Disaster, it's a very good book.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Enjoy your reading!
Jennifer Lawrence starred in X-Men Apocalypse. Do you like her acting?
Yes, He starred in Silver Linings Playbook is a romance film
Meet the Parents is a comedy-drama and also a comedy.
Enjoy!
I don't know much about them, but I do know that they are owned by Bill Bidwill
I like the Bears, but my team is the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
I agree. Did you know their home venue is the AT&T Stadium?
That was written by Toni Morrison. The Bluest Eye is similar to Beloved.
You may like The Slow Regard of Silent Things, The One Minute Manager or The One Minute Manager.
I don't have any information on that one, but if you like action I can recommend You've Beloved.
I love her music! Did you know that she is very talented?
OK, I guess I'm a fan of Liam Hensworth, but I don't care for her music too much. I guess she's like his sister Serena too.
I like that movie too. It is a nice movie.
Sure. The Lucky One is a romance novel written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like romance novels?
They are both romantic comedies. Do you like romantic comedies?
The Notebook was made into a movie. It's a romance film.
You're welcome
Sure, Jean-Marc Vallée starred in Wildest Dreams, have you heard of it?
It appears to be a drama and a action film.
No, it's about a Queen and its about a man who is suddenly able to speak to the Queen.
J.K. Simmons played the lead.
Okay, I'm not sure about that.
I'm not sure what else she has done but it's a comedy.
Done.
Fast and the Furious was written by Gary Scott Thompson. Would you like to hear about other movies starring Vin Diesel?
I haven't seen any but you might enjoy the X-Men movies starring Vin Diesel
Fast & Furious starred Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, and Vin Diesel
You're welcome
Do you like War Z because it is an action movie or because it is an action movie?
World War Z was directed by Max Brooks. He also directed as a Survivor.
I have not watched that movie. I am a fan of its creator, Frank Miller. Have you?
He also starred in X-Men Apocalypse, and Miss Congeniality.
Did you know he also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man 2?
You're welcome!
Kurt Vonnegut. Do you like the speculative fiction genre?
I'm sorry I don't know any more about this book but I do know that it is in the same genre.
Yes. He also wrote The Sirens of Titan.
You're welcome! Have a great night.
The basketball player who plays point guard for Boston?
I didn't know that. He's a great player though.
I see. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, Sam Smith is a great performer. Do you like her music?
I do not have that information, is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes that is true, do you any other questions about him?
They're okay, I'm more a fan of their former coach, Derek Fisher. Do you like them?
I didn't know that, he owns the home venue for The Madison Square Garden.
Do you know who owns the Philadelphia sports team?
Yes, he wrote the romantic comedy American Pie as well as The Golden Compass.
Charlie Korsmo was great in that movie. Do you like him?
Yes, it is. Warren Zieh also produced My Best Friend's Girl. Have you seen that one?
The Last Stand is a similar movie to The Day After Tomorrow.
I didn't see that. He's probably best known for being in Shark Night.
I do. He's a great actor. He's also in a lot of movies. I like his acting in Star Wars: Episode VI.
Oh, for sure. He's a great actor. Some of my favorite actors in that movie are Michael Winslet, Mark Ruffalo, and Jennifer Lawrence.
They are a really good basketball team, coached by Steve Kerr. Are you a fan?
Oh wow! That's a good one. I'm more of a baseball fan.
I didn't know that! I'm personally a huge fan of Jada Pinkett Smith.
Oh, I didn't know that! That's a great movie, I'm not sure about it.
Madame Bovary is a romance novel written by Gustave Flaubert. It was released in 1856.
Yes it was. It was released in 1856 which is the same year that Jane Austen released her book The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
Well, it appears that he wrote a book called Madame Bovary. Is that something you'd like?
You're welcome.
Well, she starred in American Beauty. Have you seen it?
It also was written by Tom Shayk. Would you like to watch it?
He also starred in True Blood and The Hangover Part II, both great movies
Yeah, Sharapova is a great tennis player. Did you know she lost to Sarena Wiliams?
Isn't she a tennis player?
I'm sure you'd love Zodiac, have you seen that one?
Yes he wrote The Storm and Thelma & Louise
I dont have that information, but i know he directed Mostly Harmless
Sure, All the Money in the World was starred by Ridley Scott and released in 2003
He also wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
Your welcome
I'm unsure if she has a new album, but she has been around for a while. She is very talented. Have you heard her sing?
Love in the Time of Cholera, I know she is married to a woman named La La.
Shakira won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Choreography.
I love Coraline! It was written by P. Craig Russell and Neil Gaiman, it is a Horror film.
I do not have that information at the moment. However if you like Neil Gaiman books you should check out The War of the Worlds.
If you like the movie Coraline, you might like The Looking Glass Wars and The Golden Compass.
Sure! Wicked City was written by John Hodgman and is a Drama/Mystery film.
Margaret Atwood wrote The Year of the Flood and The Robber Bride. Have you read either of these?
Sure! He wrote Where the Red Fern Grows. Have you read it?
Wilson Rawls wrote Where the Red Fern Grows, another example of fiction fiction
It was released the same year as The Bourne Legacy
Absolutely, enjoy
your welcome
Sure! Do you like The Notebook because it's romance?
Yes, he also wrote A Walk to Remember, which is a Romance novel as well.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
You're welcome!
He wrote Moby Dick and The Whale. Have you read them?
That's right. It was released in 1851 in English
Sure, I hope you enjoy them!
Sure, I have The Best Nest, Go Dog Go! Are You My Mother?, A Fish Out of Water to name a few.
Yes, it is a children's literature, similar to The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
I do believe that Dr. Suess wrote Go, Go, Go, and Go, Go!
Sure! He starred in Jurassic Park III and in the Expendables.
Surviving Picasso is a Drama/Fantasy genre.
Surviving Picasso also starred Dante Alighieri and Liam Neeson. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Sure! He wrote The Last Don, a suspense fiction novel. Have you read that one?
Yes, that is correct. It was made into a movie starring Francis Ford Coppola.
You're welcome
Danny Boyle wrote 127 Hours and directed Trance, Trainspotting, The Beach and Sunshine. Do you like his movies?
Certainly, he was in a Romantic Comedy starring Tom Hanks.
127 hours is a Thriller and Drama Thriller.
Brad Pitt starred in the movie Troy and Unbreakable.
I am not sure
It is a drama movie also starring Brad Pitt
Jennifer Lawrence is also in that movie
Ok thanks
Captain America and Avengers are similar ones. Do you like Fantastic 4?
He also starred in Princess Mononoke. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, she is a great player. She won the 2012 PGA Championship!
Sure, Oldboy is a Thriller. Another example would be: Heist and Die Another Day
Similar to Philip Pullman is The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke.
Robin Jarvis wrote a book called La Chartreuse de Parme.
Have you read The Golden Compass?
Yes I can. He is the writer of Die Verwandlung. Would you like to know more about that?
I do not know the genre but I do know it was released in 1915.
Mark Boal wrote it. If you like him and something similar to that I recommend The Hurt Locker and Detriot.
I haven't seen that movie, is it a crime fiction?
Yes, Linus Roache is the lead. He also starred in Inside Job.
Yes, you're right. He also starred in Witch & Wizard.
Glad I could help.
Casino Royale is written by Ian Fleming and Martin Campbell. It is a spy film.
Casino Royale is a great movie starring Tim Robbins.
It was released in 2005.
Yes, it was.
You're welcome.
Sure! Did you enjoy it because it was written by David Mitchell or because it stars Tom Hanks?
Aeon Flux is a great Sci-Fi movie. Tom Tykwer also directed it.
Charlize Theron has been in many films including Theron's Titanic and the Avengers. Do you like any particular genre?
You're welcome.
My pleasure. Please let me know if I can do anything else
Taxi Driver is a Thriller. Would you like to watch that ?
Then you might enjoy X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Resident Evil. Do you like any of these movies?
Other movies you may like are X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Resident Evil, and The Pulse
Okay, enjoy!
Yes, that's a great book by J.K. Rowling.
Sure, he wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is a historical drama. Do you like those types of genres?
It's one of the most popular novels in the U.S. I'm going to add it to your watch list.
Sure, its an autobiography that Anne Frank wrote herself. Are you interested in that type of book?
Okay, Anne Frank wrote The Diary of Anne Frank, which Anne Frank also wrote; The Diary of Anne Frank, and Anne Frank.
Unfortunately, I don't have any more information on that one. I can tell you it is about Anne Frank's life of Stalin.
Ok, I hope you enjoy it!
That was a great movie! Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith was directed by Chris Hemsworth. Have you seen it?
Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith is the lead.
He has starred in Where the Wild Things Are, The Secret Life of Bees, and The Man in the High Castle.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, do you prefer Action/Adventure movies or action movies?
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy the other comedies he directed.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Dan Brown wrote Angels & Demons, which was produced by Ron Howard.
Yes, he directed the thriller, The Scorch Trials. Have you seen it?
No, We Are Marshall is a football movie not a football movie.
I am not sure who wrote Angelo Pizzo, but he was also a musician!
I know that the team is coached by Lovie Smith and Greg Schiano
That's right! He's a linebacker now.
Glad to have helped!
She is definitely a highly rated player, but only one game behind Dallas.
I'm a huge volleyball fan, but I really like college football
I like the Washington Redskins, I think I'll have to support them
Sure! Scream is a Thriller starring Scream. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes. Jamie Kennedy starred in Scream 3 and Scream 3.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome.
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
V for Vendetta has genre Science Fiction.
V for Vendetta is a drama.
Yes, its written by Cornelia Funke and she also wrote the Young-adult fiction and Tintenblut. Do you like the genre of this book?
Anthea Bell also wrote Tintenherz. Would you like to read it?
Cinderella is a Biographical novel.
I can tell you that he wrote and directed and starred in many movies. Is there a particular genre that you are looking for?
She has also starred in The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring and the other LOR movies.
It was written by Ron Nyswaner, the genre is Fantasy. Would you like to know more about her?
Ok.
He wrote The Five Love Languages of Children. He is a singer-songwriter and an artist.
They are romance and drama. Do you like those types of movies?
Tori Amos starred in The Five Love Languages of Children, The Five Languages, The Five Languages of Apology, The Five Languages of Apology, The Five Languages of Apology, The Five Languages of Apology, The Five Languages of Apology, The Five Languages of Apology, The Five Languages of Apology, The Five Languages of Apology, The Five Languages of Appreciation, and The Five Languages of Music.
I'm not seeing any information on him, but I can check it out if you'd like.
Frank Capra wrote, directed, and starred in It's a Wonderful Life.
Sure, The Messenger is a great one. He also wrote it.
Frank Capra wrote It's a Wonderful Life, which was released in 1946
Did you know he was born in Ottawa?
She's a great actress! She has also starred in Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Elie Wiesel.
It appears to be in English, but I do not know what language
It is English and it was released in 1958
Yes I do have it in English
I don't have that information right now
The film stars Jennifer Lawrence, Bradley Cooper and Bradley Cooper. Would you like to see it?
It's crime fiction. It's similar to X-Men: The Last Stand.
It was written by Philip Van Doren Stern.
Woody Herman wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas.
You're very welcome.
Washington Redskins sucks. did you know Dwight Schar owned this team
Do you like the Raiders?
I do not know much about tennis, but I do know that it is very popular in the states.
Sure! Have you see A Good Day to Die Hard or The Fault in Our Stars?
Sure Easy was written by Tammara Webb and released in 2012, She also wrote Where are You, and Breakable.
Between the Lines is a good book that was released in 2012. If you like drama books I recommend Where You Are.
Tammara Webber also wrote Where You Are and Breakable. Do you like dramas?
Between the Lines was released in 2011. I'm sure you will like it.
You're welcome!
Steven Soderbergh directed the TV drama Ocean's Eleven. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but the Good German stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Are you interested in his acting?
He has also starred in The Good German and The Traveling Pants 2. Have you seen those?
You're welcome!
Sure! He wrote Watchmen which is a Fantasy film. Do you enjoy Fantasy?
V for Vendetta was released in 2005. It was directed by Roland Emmerich.
You're welcome.
Richard J. Dunn wrote Wuthering Heights which was released 1847. Is this something you're interested in?
Sure, it's genre is considered satire and was released in 1847. It's a classic!
Great! Hope you enjoy it.
Sure, The Eye if the World was written by Robert Jordan and it is a fantasy novel. Do you like Fantasy?
Sure, Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards, Rules of Attraction, and Rules of Attraction.
It is a great book written in 2001 and the genre is Fantasy.
You might enjoy Wildwood Dancing or Wildwood Dancing.
You're welcome.
Spirit Bound was written by Richelle Mead. This book has genre Thriller. Would you like to hear about other Thrillers?
Twilight is written by Richelle Mead.
Vampire Academy's genre is Fantasy
You're welcome
Charles Dickens wrote Oliver Twist, The Old Curiosity Shop, and The Mark of Athena.
I see. Leo wrote a lot of books like The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club and he also wrote Into the Wild
Yes, it is a History of Great Britain.
Yes, that is correct. A great History of Gwyneth Paltrow was also a great book
Great, enjoy your day
Peter Segal directed The Longest Yard, Nutty Professor II: The Klumps, Naked Gun 33 1/3: The Final Insult, and Memento. Are you interested in any of these films?
That's right, he was the producer for The Longest Yard too.
Adam Sandler also had a role in the Other Guys.
Fantastic Beast and Where to Find Them are great books by him.
J. K. Rowling also wrote The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
It is a Fiction and Historical novel. Have you read it?
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them are two works of art written by him.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them was released in 2011. It's considered a Speculative fiction.
Yes. Would you like me to find something you'd like?
Michael O'Neill starred in Transformers. Do you like that genre?
Traffic was a drama and a drama.
I like crime drama. I think you might like X-Men Apocalypse.
You're welcome.
He plays for a Spain national football team. Do you like soccer?
I am not a fan of the soccer but I am a fan of the Miami Heat.
Wasn't Henrique on that team too?
Similar to The Hangover Part II is Meet the Fockers and Welcome to Mooseport.
It was released in 2004.
You are welcome!
Yes, Woody Allen wrote it. Do you like his movies?
It is a romantic comedy. Do you like romance films?
I like murder mystery too. I'm sure you'll enjoy X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
Yes, that is a great crime fiction movie.
I sure can! Mansfield Park is written by Tony Tanner, do you enjoy his books or would you prefer something in the same genre, romance?
Persuasion is the author of Sense and Sensibility.
Persuasion was released in 1817.
If you like Horrible Bosses because it is a comedy, then you also might like Action Jackson or Living Out Loud.
I'm not sure about that, but I know that Lindsay Sloane starred in Visiting Hours.
Me too! Kevin Spacey also starred in Expendables 2 and Mockinjay.
He is a great tennis player. He played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
I watch alot of tennis but I don't know much about it. What sports do you like?
There is a lot of tennis players that play in the world, like Stan Wawrinka, Philip Kaufman, and Venus Williams
Yes, Cornelia Funke wrote Inkheart which is a Fantasy book. Do you enjoy the genre Fantasy?
The Snitch Through the Looking Glass, and The Golden Compass.
I have not read any of her books. I do know that Cornelia Funke wrote A Light in the Attic and it was released in 1877.
Are you interested in Horror? The River has all of that.
The River is a drama and a suspense. Do you like those?
I would recommend X-Men 2 or World Without End. Those are both thrillers.
Enjoy!
Shawn Levy directed Night at the Museum and Real Steel to name a few. Do you want to know more?
Tom Wilkinson and Evangeline Lilly star in that movie.
I don't know who the producer is, but he also produced Real Steel.
Do you like it because it's a Historical period drama?
If you like Crime Fiction you should check out You've Been Warned. It's a good one.
Added to your watchlist
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a good one
He's a great soccer player, but I don't follow soccer much.
Yes, he plays in Wembley Stadium
Well Alice Walker wrote The Temple of My Familiar, and The Color Purple
He wrote The World According to Garp, and The Glass Lake. Would you like to know more?
Can I help you with anything else?
He is one of the best soccer players in the world and plays for FC Barcelona, right?
No I did not know that.
Bojan Kron is a great player too, do you know any other sports besides football?
No I didn't know that. Isn't he a tennis player?
Yes I do! It was written by Patrick Rothfuss great author.
Well, Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Wise Man's Fear.
It's a fantasy novel
Your welcome
I know that it was written by Kiera Cass and was released in 2013.
Kiera Cass also wrote The Siren, The One, and The One.
Kiera Cass also wrote The Siren, The One, The One, and The One.
Kiera Cass
His music is a bit different, including Rhythm and Blues, Pink.
That movie stars Justin Timberlake. Do you enjoy his movies?
Jesse Eisenberg also wrote The Social Network.
I am not sure of the release date. Did you know Aaron Sorkin wrote The Social Network?
You're welcome
Yes, I love the Island by Robert Louis Stevenson. Have you read it?
It is a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
If you have not read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and are you familiar with these books?
I did not, but I know that it was written by Steven Spielberg and starred Morgan Freeman.
He's been in a lot of movies. I liked him in The Christmas Blessing, have you seen that?
Yes, he is in that movie as well.
You're welcome.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit one of my favorite movies. If you haven't read it I highly recommend it.
Laura Hillenbrand also wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Seabiscuit, and the Sea of Monsters.
Sorry, I don't know about that.
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like the movie because it is a biography or a crime fiction?
Sure, you can try The Looking Glass Wars, The Golden Compass, or The Looking Glass Wars.
That movie came out in 2014. Would you like to watch it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
He wrote, To Have and Have Not, The Sun Also Rises, The Sun Also Rises.
There is another short stories by Ernest Hemingway called Stuck on You.
That was released in 1926, the same year that released The Red Pony.
You're welcome!
You're welcome.
I know he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like football?
Well, I don't know much about him, but I do know he's a quarterback and a Forward.
Yeah, I like him a lot and i don't know much about him
Isn't he married to Liam Neeson?
Could you recommend anything by Maurice Sendak?
I don't know any other movies starring him but I do know that Reese Witherspoon starred as White Oleander.
It is a Romantic Comedy if you like that kind of movie.
Sure! A Grief Observed is written by C.S.Lewis.
That book came out in 1945 and is a fantasy book.
That is a great book! It was written by C.S. Lewis and has genre Speculative fiction.
Done. Enjoy!
Sharlto Copley is an American novelist, critic, and film producer. Are you interested in his works?
They're a basketball team. They play in Madison Square Garden.
Oh, no, I've not. Isn't he a man from Brooklyn?
Oh, I like that one too, I like Steven Spielberg a lot, he is a good coach
He wrote Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil, which was turned into a movie.
Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil was released in 2006
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome!
Are you a fan of the author John C. O'Brien?
He also wrote The Fault in Our Stars, which was made into a movie.
He sure did! He also wrote Paper Towns, which is a great suspense film.
You're welcome!
I think he is a great soccer player, do you follow soccer?
Wow! I didn't know that. Do you follow any other sports?
I don't know much about it, but I do know he won the Bravo award.
I like him too. He has a good stats like Tiger Woods.
Gore Verbinski directed Rango starring Johnny Depp. Do you like Johnny Depp movies?
Well, Gore Verbinski directed Rango. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
The Prestige is written by Jonathan Nolan. He also wrote The Dark Knight Rises.
The genre of The Prestige is Mystery.
I don't know of any other dramas by Jonathan Nolan
Memento stars Christian Bale, Hugh Jackman, Christian Bale, Michael Caine and Christian Bale.
He has starred in many classics including The Prestige, The Dark Knight, and The Dark Knight
You're welcome
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a popular one by L. Frank Baum.
Yes, it is in the genre of Fantasy. Other books in that genre include The Wonderful Wizard of Oz and The Incredible Hulk.
Some other books you may enjoy are The Wonderful Wizard of Oz and The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
Yes, that is correct. Diana Gabaldon wrote The Great Gabaldon and The Princess and the Frog. Are you interested in any of these books?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
You are welcome, enjoy!
I think it is the latest one, which is the latest one.
I don't know, but I do know that The Holiday was released the same year The Holiday was released.
Sarah Parish is a science fiction/thriller.
American Gangster is a thriller movie you should check out that one out.
No, she is the only star in the film.
WALLE is a great children's book. It was written byALLE.
SCi-Fi is a great choice. Other examples of this genre include X-Men: The Last Stand and World War Z.
Sure! X-Men is an action/adventure film staring Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman.
Yes! State of the Union is a great movie. It's a Thriller/Sci-Fi action movie.
You're right- I don't know much about the X-Men movies. Sorry
I'm not sure off the top of my head.
It was written by Sarah Dessen and is young adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
Other books like this include What Happened to Goodbye, The Truth About Forever, and The Moon and More. Have you read any of these?
Sure, you'll like The Fault in Our Stars also. It was also turned into a movie and directed by Chris Sanders.
Sure! She wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. Have you read them?
It's considered children's literature but is considered children's literature.
It was written by Elizabeth George Speare.
I have not seen it but i know that it is a great movie starring George Clooney.
Ocean's Twelve stars George Nolfi and Brad Pitt.
Good, enjoy!
Robert Lewandowski is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich and the Poland national team.
I don't know much about football, I'm more of a football fan.
SC Freiburg I don't know much about it, I don't know much about it.
He has starred in several movies such as The Stuff and The Rocketeer.
He is a writer, television producer, screenwriter, and playwright. Are you a fan?
It is considered children's literature and speculative fiction. It's considered a classic!
Yes, he's a great actor. He was also in The Casual Vacancy. Have you seen it?
Sure, I can do that for you.
She wrote Snow Flower and The Secret Fan
China Dolls was released in 2005 and the genre is English.
I'm not sure about that but I can tell you that she co-wrote the book by Lisa See.
You're welcome, I'm happy to help.
Do you like Pulp Fiction because it is a thriller?
You must enjoy Grindhouse! It was directed by Rob Zombie, who also directed Grindhouse.
It is a Crime/Thriller starring Sergio Leone who also starred in Death to the World.
Sure, it is a book written by Stieg Larsson and was released in 2006.
Syeig Larsson wrote My Own Heart's Blood.
Sure The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo is a Girl With the Dragon Tattoo is a mystery/mystery novel that was released in 2005.
Your welcome.
You're welcome!
I sure do! He starred in Wicked, Tusk, Kill Bill: Vol 2. What kind of movie do you like?
Wicked is a Drama/Thriller. It is the genre of Thriller and was released in 2006.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome!
Certainly, Ken Kesey wrote that book as well. One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, was released in 1975.
Oh, I've read that! It was released in 1975. I recommend it.
Enjoy your book!
He is one of my favorite basketball players.
I don't know anything else about him. I think he was in Space Jam though.
Ghostbusters is a great movie, as well as Danny DeVito.
I believe he wrote the Ghostbusters.
Sure. He starred in The Skulls. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Fast and the Furious is starring Vin Diesel, who also starred in The Chronicles of Riddick.
He also starred in The Chronicles of Riddick and Fast Five.
No problem, enjoy!
He's written in many genres including The Grapes of Wrath and The Grapes of Wrath.
Joe Morton is great! He wrote My Own Heart's a TV miniseries.
Yes he did
I will not have to watch it, but it is very good
I don't know much about them, but I've heard they're a great team.
I'm a huge fan of the Saints, but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
I'm not really into action thriller movies. I prefer action thrillers.
Was this book written by Paula McLain?
You're welcome. Circling the Sun was released in 2015, the same year that released You Are Not So Smart.
You're welcome.
You're welcome!
That depends, do you like thrillers?
Eraserhead is a Thriller. what else can i answer for you?
Eraserhead is a thriller. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
The Fault in Our Stars was directed by Josh Boone. Did you know he is also an actor?
There is! The Fault in Our Stars is starring Shailene Woodley. Have you seen it?
It is a drama.
You're welcome!
Hotel Rwanda is a drama starring Terry George who also wrote Hart's War
It was written by Roland Emmerich.
Yes it is a war movie. Another great war movie is The Casual Vacancy.
I'm sure you will enjoy it.
Tammara Webber wrote Easy and Breakable. Do you like drama or crime fiction better?
It was released in 2011
2011 was the year that released You Are Not So Smart, written by Rachel McAdams
Sure, The Phantom Tollbooth was written by Norton Juster. Have you heard of him?
Peter Cushing starred in Twins of Evil. anything else i can do for you?
Ok, Peter Cushing also starred in Twins of Evil and Torture Garden. Would you like to know more?
Robert Zemeckis wrote Revenge of Frankenstein. Would you like to know more about it?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Peter Gallagher starred in The O.C. which also starred Natasha Richardson.
While You Were Sleeping stars Sandra Bullock and Bill Pullman.
Collateral Damage is written by Richard Dawkins.
Collateral Damage is considered a classic.
He starred in The Thomas Crown Affair and The Running Man.
I don't know, but Yaphet Kotto is a war/drama starring William Steig.
Some other action movies you may enjoy are World War Z, Cloverfield, and Watchers.
You're welcome
Hush Hush is a movie starring Kevin Spacey. It was released in 2011.
Becca Fitzpatrick also wrote Hush Hush and Crescendo. Have you read those?
Crescendo is a young adult novel by the same author and its a fantasy novel. Do you like those genres?
You may also like the hit book The Memory of Life which was also written by her as well.
It was written by Jeannette Walls.
She is the author of a blockbuster series of books. The third book in the series.
It is a memoir/fantasy book released in 2005
Glad I could help
He directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13. Do any of these sound interesting?
Yes he did. It's a classic, he also directed as well.
He also stars in it, too. He's a great actor!
Yes! She wrote The Secret, The Power, and The Magic.
I do not have any similar books but i know it was written by Sean Byrne. Do you like his books?
He wrote the short story, The Magician's Land, which was turned into a film.
He's been in WALL-E which is a great film, have you seen it?
Your Friend the Rat was released in 2007. It stars Patton Oswalt and Morgan Freeman.
I don't have any information on that cartoon but I do know it was written by George Clooney.
You're welcome
I've never read it, but I know it was written by Maurice Sendak.
The BFG is fun to read. It's my favorite.
I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
Still Alice is in the Fantasy genre. Did you know it was turned into a movie?
Don't mention it.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome.
Sure! He wrote the books The Legend of Tarzan and The Dark Knight Rises.
Yes! The Red House was adapted into a film which was directed by Roland Emmerich.
Yes he did, The Messenger was produced by Mark Gordon.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure. He starred in Here Comes the Boom and Zookeeper. Is there a certain genre you are interested in?
Kevin James also starred in Zookeeper. That's a romantic comedy.
I don't know about that, but Kevin James also directed it. Kevin James also directed Zookeeper.
Once Upon a Time in the West was written by Sergio Leon. He also wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. You might like that one.
Well, Once Upon a Time in the West was a popular crime fiction movie. Have you seen X-Men Apocalypse?
I don't know who stars in Nightcrawler. He is a great actor.
You're welcome.
I know a little bit about him, he's a speculative defender for the Green Bay Packers.
The Order was released in 2003, would you like to know more about the movie?
James Franco also starred in it. Do you like action movies?
You're welcome.
The Blind Side is an action/adventure film written by Philip Pullman.
I'm sorry. I don't have any more information about movies.
Moneyball is a drama movie directed by Roland Emmerich.
City of ashed is a young-adult, speculative fiction book written by Cassandra Clare.
Cassandra Clare wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex, The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass, and City of Glass. Are you familiar with any of these books?
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now. Cassandra Clare wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex.
No problem, enjoy!
Sure, he directed Children of Men which is a drama. Do you like watching?
Yes, that is correct. He directed and starred in that movie too.
Sorry I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
I believe it is a book written by C.S.Lewis. Would you like to read it?
He wrote C.S. Lewis also wrote Till We Have Faces, The Magician's Nephew, and The Silver Chair.
You're welcome.
I love The Yellow Submarine! He wrote that with john Lennon. I am a Beatles fan!
Not really, I don't know why he is.
I have never heard of him, what is his favorite player?
I do not know if he has a songs in the playlist.
Great! Laurie Halse wrote Wintergirls and Twisted. Twisted is one of my favorites.
Wintergirls is a Crime Fiction/Fantasy novel.
I'm sure you will enjoy it.
Yes, I do. I love Rihanna. She is my favorite artist!
That is a great song too! Did you know that he has a romatic relationship with Chris Brown?
It is a great movie. It is a great movie.
He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that?
Sure. Marc Forester also starred in The Last Dragon, The Bodyguard, and The Black Dahlia. Do you like any of these actors?
I'm not sure what is the movie.
Enjoy the movies!
Absolutely! Mockingjay is a movie written by Suzanne Collins and a Young-adult fiction. Do you like those genres?
Don't mention it. but it is a young-adult fiction.
Yes, that is correct.
He is a player on the Cleveland Cavaliers. He played with the Cleveland Cavaliers.
Yes, that is correct. He has also directed a number of movies like There's Something about Mary. Are you familiar with that?
No, I don't believe that version of the film. J.K. Rowling starred in it.
It's okay. She has quite a few things about her. She has a wonderful voice. She is an excellent actress.
You're welcome, enjoy!
It is a book written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like books by Nicholas Sparks?
Nicholas Sparks also wrote When You Reach Me. Have you read it?
Yes, it was also a drama. It was released in 1999.
Some other crime fiction books you might enjoy are The Giver, The Silence of the Lambs, and The Usual Suspects.
The Matrix Revolution was produced and directed by Lana Wachowski.
It is a fiction movie starring Keanu Reeves, who also starred in The Matrix Revolutions
He was also in "Predators" and "Mystic River." Would you like to watch one of those?
I'm not sure, but I know he starred in The Longest Ride along with Danny Collins.
I'm not sure, but mystic River is a thriller movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he directed quite a few. He has also directed The Mechanic.
Yes, he is a great director. Did you know he is also a director?
He hasn't a new movie but he recently directed a remake of the movie 3.
You're welcome
I'll add it to your watch list
Yes, The Light Between Oceans is one book.
No, I have not. Did you know that The movie 2012 was released in English?
Sure, he also directed a bunch of great movies like The Three Musketeers and The Last Airbender.
You're welcome.
Yes, she wrote Rebecca, My Cousin Rachel and Jamaica Inn.
My Cousin Rachel has genre Historical period drama.
It came out in 1946.
My Cousin Rachel has genre Family.
I like them a lot under Brett Farve as their quarterback. Since he retired, they're just not as exciting.
I don't really know much about it. Is there anything else I can help you with?
he is my favorite. my all time favorite player is Tony Romo.
I don't know much about him, I don't follow any other sports besides basketball
I think they're the same way back then.
I am! I enjoyed him in Friends with Benefits. Did you see it?
It's a romantic comedy. If you like romance films, you should check out Love & Friendship.
I'm sorry I don't have that information.
I really like her song You Love Me. Do you have a favorite song of hers?
American Idol has genre Music and I love music from her friends as well.
I don't have that information, but I do know that Aiken is friends with Tyra Banks.
I did not know that, but I will have to check it out. Thanks for the rec!
Joseph Sikora also starred in The Power of Thinking Without Thinking which is a drama.
Titanic was a similar movie to The Watcher.
You're right, Leonardo Dicaprio stars in The Aviator, which is another Thriller.
You're welcome!
She wrote Little Lord Fauntleroy. Have you read that?
Would you like to know anything else about Ioan Gruffudd?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know it was released in 2014 and was in English. It was released the same year as Archer's Voice.
Toni Morrison wrote The Bluest Eye, Tar Baby, and Sula
Its fiction
You should check out Z for Zachariah
It was written by Quentin Tarantino
You're welcome
Downfall is a war film. Other movies in the series are The Baader Meinhof Complex. Have you seen these?
Michael Biehl, Timothy Spall, Tim Pigott-Smith
Your welcome
Sure, do you prefer Science Fiction or Adventure films?
He also starred in the movie A Bug's Life.
John Ratzenberger starred in Toy Story 3. Would you like to know more?
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like to read more by F. Scott Fitzgerald?
Well, if you like The Great Gatsby, you'll like The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you read that?
Of course! Harald Kloser wrote a number of short stories, including Wreck-It Ralph, The Painted Veil, and The Painted Veil.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He is a writer. He wrote Playing for Keeps.
It's a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 1999.
I'll play it for you now.
I have not, but I know it was written by Martin McDonagh
It was released in 1897 and also stars Annabelle Wallis.
Yes, he did. Wrath of the Titans and The Prince of Egypt was a great movie.
You're welcome.
Sure! He starred in the comedy American Pie as well as The Golden Compass.
He also wrote American Pie and The Golden Compass.
I didn't know that. Are you familiar with Tom Hanks?
Sure, do you like science fiction movies or action films?
The Nightingale is a young-adult fiction book written by C.S.Lewis. Would you like to read it?
Sure, she wrote The Nightingale which is a Mystery book. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is a fictional short story. It was released in 2005.
I think he is a good tennis player but I like Andy Murray better.
I liked him in the Expendables 2 but he also starred in The Expendables 2.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I definitely recommend Die Hard with a Vengeance, it is a crime fiction starring Bruce Willis.
Yes he did and he starred in Hudson Hawk
Of course, it is a fantasy movie, do you like that genre?
Yes, that is correct and it has a genre Children's literature that also has a genre Fiction.
That is correct. The Sneetches and Other Stories are also a children's literature that also has a genre Fiction.
You're welcome!
It's a good film! It was directed by Damien Chazelle and released in 2014. This film has genre Music and Drama. Do you enjoy those genres?
She also starred in The Longest Ride and The Longest Ride.
Tiago Riani also starred in The Longest Ride along side Melissa Benoist.
Yes it is a Romantic Comedy if you like that kind of movie.
Yes I have seen Faster. I liked that one as well.
You're welcome.
I do like the Staples Center, but my favorite team is the Lakers.
I have never heard of him, but I'm still a fan of LeBron
Oh, I agree! The Los Angeles Lakers have been making a lot of appearances on the show.
Larissa wrote асска и овести, рат арамаов, and рат арамаов.
I do not have that information but he was influenced by ес by асска и овести
I think you'll enjoy it.
Sure! Do you like The Notebook because it's romance?
Then you will like Post-Apocalyptic and Old School.
Yes, it is by Sarah Dessen and it has a genre of Romance.
You're welcome!
I'm not really a fan of the Washington Redskins but I know they're owned by Dwight Schar.
I don't know much about Pete Rozelle, but my sons favorite team is the Washington Redskins.
Oh my gosh, that's awesome. What is your favorite sport?
Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
He also wrote Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life from Dear Sugar
Your welcome
Sure, it was written by the great by J.K. Rowling and released in 2013. Are you familiar with her work?
She also wrote The Cuckoo's Calling and The Silkworm. I highly recommend those books!
It is a fantasy book, do you enjoy that genre?
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes! He starred in The Pacifier with Micheal Arndt. Do you like him?
Yes it is. It is a comedy-drama if you like comedies.
Yes, you're right. I like crime fiction. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Sure! Did you enjoy it because it was written by Jack London or because it is a fantasy?
Sure. Similar books in the series are; My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories, My True Love Gave to Me, and My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories.
Yes. Similar books would be Little House on the Prairie and Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger
She is a African American tennis player correct?
No, I didn't know that. What is that about?
That's not true, but I see that she lost to Naomi Osaka and Venus as well.
That's right. The Lost Symbol was written by Dan Brown. Would you like to know more about it?
Ron Howard has also starred in That Thing You Do, which is a thriller you should watch.
That is correct. Ron Howard also wrote The Da Vinci Code and The Inferno.
He wrote The Da Vinci Code and Inferno.
I don't know any other Dramas like that one either.
Enjoy
Yes, he is one of my favorite X-Men films. He also directed The Incredibles. Have you seen it?
It's a Thriller. Are you into Thriller?
You might enjoy the sci-fi movie X-Men: The Last Stand or Vanilla Sky.
I do, especially if you like Robert Downey Jr., I can't go wrong with any other movies he was in.
He wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
It is a historical fiction. It's a great book
He also wrote A Pure Woman Faithfully in 1891
Rick Yancey wrote The Monstrumologist which is similar to Ricky Yancey.
It was written by Gareth Stedman and it was released in 1876.
Great, enjoy the book!
Starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn, what do you like about it?
I know he was in Paper Towns, but I don't know any of his movies.
I will have to check it out.
Gone with the Wind was written by Margaret Mitchell. She also wrote Thomas Mitchell and Hattie McDaniel.
Ok, you might like World Without End, The Time Traveler's Wife, or Witch & Wizard.
The Untouchables was written by John Grisham and stars Johnny Depp.
You're welcome.
I do too! That was written by Nicholas Sparks and made into a movie starring Miley Cyrus. Are you a fan?
He has also written The Wedding, The Last Song and many more.
I think you'll like it. It's a good book.
I don't really know much about them except they're a K-pop boy band. Do you like them?
I have Inkhheart and Tintenherz. Would you like those?
Yes. Cornelia Funke wrote Inkheart which is a fantasy movie.
You are welcome.
Similar to The Hangover Part II is Meet the Fockers.
It is written by Robert C. O'Brien and stars Josh Brolin.
You're welcome
Fantastic Beast and Where to Find Them are great books by him.
It's in the Speculative Genre like Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He starred in Hook Ya Crook. Have you seen it?
Wow, I didn't know he died in a match today
Not that I know of, sorry. But I believe he was in Hook Ya Crook.
Sure Tracy Chevalier wrote The Virgin Blue, The Last Runaway, and The Lady and the Unicorn.
I do know that The Last Runaway was released in 1997.
You're welcome!
Do you like this author Roald Dahl?
There are a few more children's literature that you might enjoy. The Witch of Blackbird Pond and The Sword of Shannara.
I don't know about that, I don't know any other books by Quentin Blake.
Enjoy!
Yes, they are a soccer team. Are you a football fan?
I love his writing! He wrote The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes, The Complete Sherlock Holmes, and The Return of Sherlock Holmes. Do you have any preference in genre?
Sure, do you like these movies because of the Fantasy genre?
Sure, he also starred in Unbreakable and The Skull
Sure, he also starred in Unbreakable and The Incredible Hulk.
Sure, have a great day
I don't have any more information on that movie right now but I can tell you that it was released in 1854.
Jon Favreau wrote Made, starring Faizon Love, and Jonathan Silverman. Have you read any of them?
He directed The Wolfman and Jurassic Park III right?
Robert Downey Jr. is a great choice. Some other action movies you might like are Zombieland and World War Z.
Yes, Chris Evans also starred in The Pillars of the Earth.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, did you like Sharp Objects because it was written by Gillian Flynn or because it was the genre Suspense/Mystery?
She also wrote Sharp Objects and Dark Places.
Yes, it was. It was directed by Robert Mark Kamen.
I'm not sure of the exact date. But I can tell you it was in English.
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works
Cold Blood is a Drama. Do you like Drama?
Sure! Did you like it because it was a sci-fi movie?
Steven Spielberg and Kevin Zegers star in the movie.
It was directed by Steven Spielberg. Would you like to watch it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Mark Cotta Vaz wrote the classic New York Trilogy for starters.
No it's the Vampire series. If you haven't read the Twilight series, you should check it out.
You're right. I don't know anything about her, but if you like Stephanie Meyer, you should check out The Twilight series.
You're welcome!
Sure, he directed Seven Psychopaths? Have you seen that one?
It is an action/adventure movie released in 2006
You're welcome
Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995. Do you like the book because of its story line?
It is a drama based on a novel by Lauren Oliver, the same author.
You are welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome!
Rickie Fowler is an athlete. He plays golf. Do you enjoy golf?
I didn't know that, I also like golf too. Did you know Adam Sandler starred in the movie?
I'm not sure if she's starring, but I'll have to check it out
Sure she starred in Wonder Women 2017, also in Solider 1998
Sure, Shaun Evans also starred in the film.
It is a fantasy movie. Do you like those types of movies?
The 5th Wave is an indie film.
Ricky Yancey also wrote The Last Templar. Are you familiar with his work?
I like science fiction. Is that what you are looking for?
Sure, you may like The Last Star or The Inferno to name a few.
You're welcome.
She's a bit poppy for me. Wasn't she in Valentine's Day?
She's great. She also starred in Valentine's Day, The Giver, The Lorax, and The Giver.
I didn't know she was in that movie, right?
I do! He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, Woman in Gold and Waiting. Have you seen any of those?
I have not seen it but I know it was written by Hugh Jackman.
He also starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine and The Proposal.
Excellent. I hope you enjoy the movie.
Me too! Did you know he starred in Men in Black 3?
I like his music a lot and also I like the movie Spring Breakers
Yes, but I like his music too.
That was a great movie! Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith was directed by Chris Hemsworth. Have you seen it?
Yes he was, he was also in it
He also starred in the X-Men
Jack and Jill, Bedtime stories, grown ups. Adam Sandler movies are all similar
Sure, Grown Up was directed by Matt Damon. Would you like to watch it?
Yes that is correct and 50 Dates was released in 2009
You're welcome
Victor Hugo is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for French club Paris Saint-Germain and the Colombia national team.
That was released in 1867, have you heard of it?
I don't think so, but Victor is also a Romantic Fiction book
Great, enjoy!
You're welcome!
He wrote There Will be Blood and The Master.
I don't know much about her music but I know she's a singer, like Luke Waltz.
Don't mention it. I know he's good friends with Britney Spears
Yea, he's more like a bit different, but if you don't like Coldplay I'm sure you'll like Pulp Fiction and Rhythm and Blues.
Anthony Hopkins starred in both Bobby and The Edge.
Peter and Paul has genre Comedy.
Sure, I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I hope you enjoy it.
They are a pretty good team. Do you follow football much?
They are in the AFC South division, and they're coached by Ken Whisenhunt. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they're coached by John Fox.
Isaiah Thomas was a Basketball player a point guard for the Detroit Pistons
I didn't know he was with the Denver Nuggets
I didn't know Space Jam was made into a movie yet, but it's still a classic
That was written by William Shakespeare. Have you read any of his works?
I don't have any information on that, but Richard Andrews wrote the book
Okay, have a good day
She is a tennis player. She is the current world No. 1 on the WTA Tour.
I don't know too much about Serena Williams, but I see she does star in a thriller called Serena and Hairspray Live.
That's interesting. I see she has a lot of matches against her sister Serena and Venus.
I'm a fan of the Baltimore Ravens, but I really like their coach Jim Caldwell
I'm not sure if he coached any other teams, but he was also a coach for the Detroit Lions.
I don't know what year it was released, but I think the team won Super Bowl XLI
Are you referring to The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde by her?
It was released in 1886, the same year that released The Chronicles of Narnia.
That was also the year that released The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
You may enjoy The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. It's a good one.
I'm not sure who stars in it, but it is a good one for me.
You're welcome, I'm happy to help.
Yes there was a movie based on this book too. Would you like to know who directed it?
He also wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where the Wild Things Are.
Me too! He wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
Kenneth H. Blanchard wrote the book Who Moved My Cheese in 1961.
You Can Win, is a Non-fiction book written in English.
Your welcome.
Yes I do. The Fountainhead is written by Joseph Conrad.
She did! She also wrote The Fountainhead, which is a Historical novel.
Your welcome. I hope you enjoy!
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories ?
There is a lot of books written by Bram Stoker that was released in 1897, including Unbreakable. Does that sound interesting?
The Girl Next Door was written by Stephen King. Would you like to hear more of his books?
The Girl Next Door has genre Fiction, Speculative fiction
I sure can! She wrote Under the Tuscan Sun.
I'm sorry I don't have that information, but it was released in 1898 and is a romance novel.
No problem, I am happy I could help.
Do you like the movie because it is a fiction?
Yes, he also wrote Go Set a Watchman
Certainly, you should check it out
He also wrote Go Set a Watchman
Yes it is a very good movie starring Al Pacino. Do you enjoy crime fiction movies?
Yes, I have seen this movie and it recently starred Al Pacino. Al Pacino also directed it.
Great, I think you'll enjoy it!
He also starred in a movie called The Godfather Part II.
Vampyres also had Al Pacino and was directed by Ridley Scott.
Sure, enjoy the movies!
Seamus Heaney wrote Beowulf.
That is a play. Romeo and Juliet and it is a classic.
It is in the English language.
Yes. He starred in The Terminator and The Order. Do you like thrillers?
Sure, he was in The Terminator and The Order. Are you a fan of his?
Sure, Lionheart is an action movie and also a comedy. It was released in 1999.
Woody Allen also starred in the film.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix also starred in that movie.
Not a problem!
He directed Seven Psychopaths. Gabourey Deschanel starred in it. Have you seen it?
Jason Statham, Liam Neeson, and Michael McKean.
Seven Psychopaths is an action film. Do you like that genre?
I agree. Did you know he was born in LA?
I watch a lot of basketball but I don't follow it too much. I don't know much about it. I am more of a basketball fan.
Did you know that Willie Green also starred in a movie called Space Jam?
Would you like me to recommend anything written by Patrick Rothfuss?
Sure, Alien is a series and Ridley Scott Directed the first. There are other films in the series.
Yes he does. He is the program creator for the Sci-Fi Action genre. Do you like his movies?
I don't see any of his other series, but he has also written all kinds of thrillers.
Is there anything I can help you with?
he Rosie Project is written by Graeme Simsion and it was released in 2013.
The Rosie Project is written by her and it was released in 2013.
No, it is not the same year that released The Rosie Effect.
Sure!Antoine Fuqua wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo. Are you familiar with it?
Robert Forster stared in Olympus Fallen. He also starred in The Last Summer (of You and Me).
Danny Lerner also produced The Last Temptation which was released in 1960.
John Cusack is the writer of War Inc.
I do, did you know he's friends with Cameron Diaz?
I didn't know that. She starred in Friends with Benefits, but she also starred in Small Time Crooks.
I am not sure if he is friends with Will Smith.
The Cather in the Rye was written by J.D Salinger. He also wrote Raise High the Roof Beam and Nine Stories.
F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote that book. He also wrote Go Set A Watchman.
Yes, he wrote Go Set a Watchman and has won a Pulitzer Prize.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Cassandra Clare wrote this book. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes, you're correct. I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
No problem, enjoy!
I'm not a huge baseball fan but I'm more of a baseball fan. Are you a fan?
What can you tell me about the Yankees? The team owner Tom Werner.
A couple of my favorites that I know of are the Houston Astronauts and Houston Astronauts.
Both these movies have been violent and violent than heart failure.
Yeah he is a great musician and an artist.
I think she is a great athlete, did you know she was born in Hisar (Indian district)?
I see. I'm more of a baseball fan myself. What about you?
Ok, I'm going to add to my watch list. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Yes I do, it was written by J.J Abrams and a Speculative genre.
Amazing Spider-Man is a superhero fiction starring Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield. Do you like superhero movies?
He wrote The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and The Amazing Spider-Man 2.
Yes it is, would you like to know anything else about that one of them?
ok
Yes, Gillian Flynn wrote What Do You Do and Sharp Objects.
It is a non-fiction
There is a third book by Gillian Flynn called Sharp Objects
You're welcome
He wrote the Great Dune Trilogy
Okay, have you heard of What's the Number of the Jungle?
I don't know for sure but it is a book published in 1980.
Sure, I hope you enjoy the book!
Sure. Did you enjoy it because it was a thriller or because it stars Jada Pinkett Smith?
Did you know that there is a movie version of it? Or you could check out it first.
Great, enjoy!
I sure do! It's a great book written by Robert Jordan. Are you familiar with his work?
It is a great movie. The next in the series is The Marvelous Land of Oz. Have you seen that one yet?
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Little Miss Sunshine is a drama. Other movies in that genre include Seven Pounds, Little Miss Sunshine and Little Miss Sunshine.
Sure, it was released in 2005 and is a Romance/Comedy/Mystery. Would you like to see it?
You're welcome!
I have not read the book but I heard it was wonderful. The movie is written by Sara Gruen. Have you read it?
I have not. Do you enjoy books by the same author, Sara Guen?
I have not heard of Ape House. Is it a romance novel?
I will have to check it out.
Have a good day
OK, have a good day
Beautiful Disaster is a novel written by Jamie McGuire and released in 2011. It has very good reviews and is highly recommended.
I don't know anything more about his work but I do know he was influenced by Jamie McGuire.
You're welcome!
Pulp Fiction was written by Quentin Tarantino.
John Travolta also starred in When a Stranger Calls.
She's been in Walk the Line which was a biopic about Johnny Cash, as well as Self/less and After.
Sean Connery was also in it
Jackie Burroughs and Denis Leary also starred in it.
He's a great! He wrote The Lady in the Lake and There's Something About Mary.
I don't know much about them. What can you tell me about them?
Not really, I am more of a fan of the Dallas Cowboys.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. What is your favorite?
He wrote a lot of books including оскресо This is the End.
It was released in 2002.
It also stars Xander Berkeley, Michael Fassbender, and Michael Pena.
I can't seem to recommend anything else I can help you with!
Absolutely, Norton Juster is an American academic, architect, and popular writer. He is best known for his books Amherst and The Phantom Tollbooth.
You may enjoy The Looking Glass Wars, or The Golden Compass.
Yes, it is part of a series.
It was released in 2004.
My apologies. She wrote The Mists of Avalon, The Forest House and Priestess of Avalon.
The genre of this book is Fantasy. Would you like recommendations for other fantasy novels?
The author is Frank Beddor, it is part of a series and the next book is titled Into the Wild.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes! He's starred in Your Friend the Rat, Warriors of the 21st Century and WALL-E.
I don't have that information, but I know it was released in 2004.
It is a drama film.
I hope you enjoy it!
Absolutely! He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Yes, it is a comedy-drama written by Stephanie Meyer.
You're welcome.
I have not seen that movie, but O Brother, Where Art Thou is written by Francis Ford Coppola
Sure, he also wrote The Big Lebowski.
I am sorry, I don't have that information.
You are welcome.
He was also in the Star Wars Holiday Special. Have you seen that one?
Wally Lamb wrote several books like She's Come Undone and The Hour I First Believed. Do you like Fiction?
Did you know that it was released in 2003?
Yes, that's right. Would you like me to add it to your list?
No, I haven't. Isn't he a singer/songwriter?
That was a great book! Some of my favorites he's written are The Perks of Being a Wallflower, and The Manchurian Candidate.
Yes, he was the writer for that book. Do you like his books?
Denis Leary was in the movie. Do you like Denis Leary?
I like Mark Wahlberg too. He was in the adventure film The Lost Symbol.
I don't know any other similar movies but I do know he starred in a lot of movies.
They have been in a lot of different movies. Is there a specific genre that you are looking for?
I am not sure but they both starred together in Whalberg.
You're welcome
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is written by Steven Spielberg.
C.S. Lewis also wrote He's the Horse and His Boy. Are you a fan of fantasy?
The Silver Chair is a Fantasy and The Lion is a fantasy.
Sure, he directed The Princess and the Frog. It was released in 2002.
I believe so. It's a thriller.
Yes, Kyla Pratt stars in Shark Night. She also starred in Kyla Pratt.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it.
I know she was in the movie Call Me Maybe, have you heard of that one?
I don't have any other songs that she has been influenced by Jepsen's Teenage Dream, but I believe she is a great artist.
You're welcome!
He is a soccer player for Manchester United F.C. and he plays for Manchester United F.C.
I'm not sure, but I believe he plays for Manchester United F.C.
I believe he is from Guadalajara, Mexico and he was originally from Guadalajara.
Bobby Farrelly directed Stuck on You, Stuck on You, Stuck on You and Stuck on You.
If you like comedy films, you should check out Zoolander or You've Been Warned.
I'm not sure who is in it. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Glad I could help.
Yes he plays basketball. He is a point guard for the Minnesota Timberwolves.
Well, he plays a point guard for the Chicago Bears.
I don't really like basketball. What is your favorite player?
Sure! Number the Stars is written by Lois Lowry and the genre is Speculative fiction.
Lois Lowry wrote Number the Stars, and it was released in 1985.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He wrote The Twitts, The Witches and The BFG.
He wrote The Twitts, The Witches Abroad and The Wizard of Oz.
No problem, let me know if you need anything else.
It was released in 2008. Would you like to know anything else about this book?
You're welcome
This book was written by John Green, who also wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
He also wrote Paper Towns.
Absolutely!
I'm not positive it's similar but Ashes to Ashes is in the same genre.
It's an action film.
I'm sure you'll like The Firm.
Sure. He wrote Island and The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell.
Yes, that was the year that released You Are Special: A Story for Everyone.
Yes, The Last Battle was released in 1956. It was written by Aldous Huxley.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy!
I know he wrote a book that was released in 1987. It was A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Sure, he also wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
He also wrote The Great Book of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Enjoy!
You're welcome.
Sure, she's been in lots of movies. Which genres do you like?
You might also enjoy the other movies that Mary McDonnell starred in. It's an action/adventure movie.
I like Scarlett Johansen, but I don't remember her in that movie, too.
Shack is an action/adventure movie.
He's written When You Are Engulfed in Flames as well as Santaland Diaries.
It's a Non-Fiction and was released in 2008.
Yes that was the year that released You Are Special: A Modest Proposal
You are welcome
Yes, I do. She is very talented. Aside from being a great singer, she's also a Songwriter, and she can act, too!
I didn't, but I'm a fan of Ariana's work.
Yes, that's a great song I really like. Did you know she won the MTV Video Music Award?
Robin starred in the movie The Next Three Days. Have you seen that one?
I am not sure but I know it was released in 2005 and is a classic!
Yes, Leslie Dixon also starred in the movie Mrs. Doubtfire. Have you seen it?
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! The Bourne Identity starred Matt Damon and was written by Tony Gilroy. Would you like to know other movies starring Matt Damon?
Yup, he also directed that movie.
Sure! You might enjoy Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt and Katharine McPhee.
Enjoy!
Sure, He wrote The Crucible.
Yes, The Crucible was released in 1851 and is a based on the original The Crucible.
Sure, I would recommend Apocalypto so the two might be similar.
Sure. The Fall of the House of Usher is a great book written by J.R.R Tolkien, do you like his work?
You're welcome.
I think he is a great basketball player but I'm not a big fan of him. Are you?
I don't know much about him other than he is an athlete who is a basketball player.
I don't know much about basketball. I do know that he is a point guard and a shooting guard.
He's a point guard.
Sure! Mary Harron wrote American Psycho and was the Executive Producer on The Notorious Bettie Page. Have you seen either of these?
Mary has genre Romance Film
your welcome
I do not have that information
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Would you like to hear about other movies with him in it?
He wrote The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Revolutions.
He wrote the Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Revolutions, and The Matrix Reloaded.
He directed The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen it?
Allegiant is a sci-fi action movie, do you like sci-fi?
It is an action/adventure movie starring Naomi Watts. Do you like those kinds of movies?
He wrote The Light Between Oceans which was released 2012.
The Light Between Oceans has genre Fiction. Are you interested in thrillers?
Yes, he starred in that movie. He also directed The Princess and the Frog.
You're welcome.
Yes, Andy Tennant is an American professional tennis player who also won BBC Young Sports Personality of the Year.
Sure, he starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, The Usual Suspects, and The Stand.
Fool's Gold also starred Orlando Bloom. Would you like to know more about it?
That is correct. McConaughey was also in it as well.
I hope you enjoy it!
He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything
I don't have any information on that, but I can tell you more
your welcome
Taxi Driver is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. Would you like to watch it?
Sure, If you like Taxi Driver you might enjoy X-Men Origins:Wolverine, X-Men 2 or World War Z
Enjoy!
I don't know much about Luis Suarez, other than he plays for the Uruguay national football team.
Yes, that is right. Liverpool F.C is a great team!
Yes, I agree that he is one of the best players in the world!
The Patriots are a professional American football team based in New England. The Patriots compete in the Super Bowl XLI
If you haven't read all of the Harry Potter series, I would highly recommend The Other Boleyn Girl, its a try
Thanks for all your help.
Wow. Have you read anything by J.K. Rowling?
Yes, it was written by Francis Ford Coppola and starred Tom Hanks. It was released in 2011.
O Brother, Where Art Thou stars Tika Sumpter and Denzel Washington.
No problem. What else can I help you with?
You're welcome!
Did you enjoy this book because it was a drama?
That is a true story. If you enjoyed that, you might also enjoy The Crucible by Christopher Bigsby.
It's a drama that also falls into the Romance genre. Would you like to read it?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Hayao Miyazaki wrote The Sirens of Titanic.
It stars a great actress. Hayao Miyazaki also starred in the movie Ponyo.
Sure! Hayao Miyazaki also starred in The Sirens of Titanic.
You're welcome!
I don't know too much about it but I know he competed for China in the 2012 Summer Olympic games
I am not sure what year he went to the Olympics. I know he was a professional table tennis player and from China.
2004. That was the year that released Where the Wild Things Are.
I can't remember when they were coached by Jim Caldwell.
I do like them, but my favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks.
I do not know much about them, I am not much of a football fan
I don't know much about soccer, but I do know they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you know them?
Not really. I like watching a lot of soccer but I'm more a fan of American Football. What about you?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. What's your favorite team?
Horse and His Boy isn't in the Speculative genre, but it was written by John Green.
Did you know they are in science fiction?
You're welcome
Sure, one of my favorites is X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Are you familiar with her work?
She also wrote The Sum of All Fears and The Magician's Land.
I think you'd enjoy it. She also wrote In Her Shoes. I really like her other work.
Me, too!
Good to hear, I hope you enjoy it!
Have a good day!
The author of Odd THomas is Dean Koontz.
You might enjoy The Watchers if you like that genre. It's also a thriller.
Worth Dying For was written by Terry Pratchett. Would you like to read it?
She has written many books including City of Bones, City of Ashes, City of Glass, and City of Glass.
Pride and Prejudice was also considered a historical period drama. It's also considered a historical period drama.
Certainly! It is a very popular one that has been made into a movie. Apocalypto was also made into a movie if you haven't seen it.
You're welcome, enjoy the read!
Titanic stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Are you looking for something with Leonardo DiCaprio?
You might enjoy The Looking Glass Wars, or The Golden Compass.
I think it was adapted from a book by Veronica Roth. Are you interested in her work?
I can recommend Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. It was also a great movie.
Me too, Anne Fletcher wrote The Proposal.
Did you know that Sandra Bullock also starred in The Proposition?
The Proposal has genre Romance Film
I'm sure you'll enjoy it.
Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors, which is a Fantasy. Do you enjoy that genre?
They Do it with Mirrors has the genres Treatise, Mystery, and Mystery.
They Do it with Mirrors has a genre of Suspense/Mystery. Is that a genre you enjoy?
She starred in The Special Relationship and The Queen. Have you seen either of them?
I'm sorry I don't have that information. But I do know it was written by Francis Ford Coppola.
I don't know, but I do know that Mirna Richardson stars in X-Men Apocalypse
He directed, and produced Red Cliff. It is an action movie starring Takeshi Kaneshiro.
The genre is Thriller and Mystery. Would you like to know more about this?
John Woo directed a number of war films, including The Warrior's Way, The Manchurian Candidate, and Air Force One.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Madagascar has a Genre of Action, Sci-Fi or Action Film. Do you like those kind of movies?
Madagascar has the genres thriller and drama. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! He wrote The War of the Worlds and The Stand. Are you familiar with those?
It is a fantasy adventure film like The Worlds End.
I'm not sure of Shaun of the Dead, but Shaun of the Dead is directed by Edgar Wright.
I think you'll enjoy
I have heard of him, he's a great basketball player but I don't follow the sport either. How about you?
He is a point guard with the Seattle Supersonics, have you heard of him?
That is correct the name of the team, which is the Los Angeles Lakers
A Grief Observed was written by C.S.Lewis. It is a great book!
He also wrote Under the Skin, and The Silver Chair.
You're very welcome, enjoy!
He is a great tennis player, one of my favorite players.
I don't know anything else, but I know he's from London. I know he won the 2012 Olympics.
Really? I didn't know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I didn't know it, but I'm sure it would have to say that he does have a good reputation.
He wrote Fast Food Nation : The Dark Side of the All-American Meal and starred in McLibel
I am not familiar with Walt Whitman. Are you familiar with his work?
It is considered children's literature.
You're welcome.
Sure. He starred in The Skulls. It's a thriller.
The Fast and the Furious is starring Vin Diesel. Paul Walker starred in it as well.
Yes, I do like him. He is a great actor. He also starred in The Death and Life of Pi.
I'm not sure, but I do know he passed in Takers
He starred in The Truman Show, Beastly, and Civic Duty. Would you like to know more of his movies?
The Truman Show is a Comedy.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
No I have. He is a cricket player. Do you like cricket?
Fannie Flagg wrote A Redbird Christmas which was released in 1936
It was released in 2012 and is a drama/mystery
I am sorry I don't know of any other psychological thrillers
You're welcome
Toy Story 3 is starring Tom Hanks and Tim Allen. There is also a Thriller if you like.
Yes, it is, Andy grew up there. He is a great musician, author, and a musician.
He also wrote A Bug's Life, which is a romantic comedy. Do you like those genres?
Absolutely! Do you like Memento because it is written by Jonathan Nolan?
Sounds like you would like a movie similar to Memento. Would you like recommendations for other psychological thrillers?
Vanilla stars Conan O'Brien and Cameron Diaz. Would you like me to play it for you?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Jean M Auel wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
"The Clan of the Cave Bear" is a historical fiction novel. Does that interest you?
Yes, you're correct. I'm not sure of that one, but I would recommend it.
You're welcome!
The Battle of the Labyrinth is written by Rick Riordan and it is a young adult fiction novel.
Sure! He wrote The Battle of the Labyrinth and The Titan's Curse. Are you familiar with either?
Yes, that was him and it was also a graphic novel
I don't follow soccer much so don't know much about him. What can I tell you about him?
Don't know much about him either. Looks like he plays Midfielder.
I'm not sure what that's the name, but I know he's a Midfielder.
not really. I am more of a fan of her sister Serena. How about you?
i like tha one. do you ever watch soccer?
I see. I love that movie!
Shepard wrote Pretty Little Liar the genre is Children's Literature. Do you like children's literature?
I'm not really sure about that, but she is famous for writing The Secret Life of Bees which is also a biography show.
You're very welcome, enjoy!
I did. Wasn't National Treasure written by Orson Scott Card?
Yes that's a great family Man. Are you a fan of Will Smith?
Under the Tuscan Sun was a great movie. She also starred in Bruges. Have you seen it?
I don't know any more. I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
The Grapes of Wrath is a novel written by John Steinbeck. Are you looking for more books by John Steinbeck?
It is a fiction book
Is a children's novel by John Grisham?
I know that she is a member of the London 2012 Summer Olympics. I don't know much about her.
Ok, what do you know about Chelsea ?I don't have any more information on them.
I'm not sure about that, but I know he's from the United States.
I don't know. I apologize.
They're good. Pete Carroll is a good coach. What do you think?
He wrote Der Zauberberg and Das Parfum
Brandon Sanderson wrote both Radiance and Warbreaker.
Yes, that was released in Radiance and it's genre is fantasy. Do you like those genres?
Yes, that was the same year that Evanovich starred in it.
Awesome, enjoy!
It is a crime fiction movie starring Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal
He's in a lot of movies. He's also in The Dark Knight, The Hunt for Red October and The Dark Knight.
If you like action/adventure films, I would also recommend The Incredible Hulk and The Avengers.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes! Bryan Singer directed the movie Superman Returns. Have you seen it?
Sure, X-Men 2 stars Hugh Jackman, Zendaya, Zac Efron, and many more!
I believe it is a drama/mystery movie.
I like thrillers, have you seen Shark Night? That is a great one.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a movie starring Mike Colter. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he also starred in The Happening if you haven't seen it already.
Those are all great! I hope you enjoy them!
Enjoy your movies!
Sure Terry Gilliam wrote The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus which has genre in Adventure. Do you like adventure films?
You may want to check out The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus, it has genre Adventure.
You're welcome
You're welcome
Sure. The Lucky One is a romantic drama written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like romantic dramas?
Have you read The Longest Ride or The Wedding?
The Wedding was released in 2007 and is a drama/mystery.
Yes, Zane Grey is a Psychological Thriller.
Don't mention it
The Wolf of Wall Street stars Leonardo DiCaprio, do you like his movies?
Sure, Mastering the Art of the Art of French French also starred J.K. Rowling. It's a very good movie.
Great, enjoy the books!
Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses.
You may enjoy The Clan of the Cave Bear. It is also a very good one.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Callum Rennie is in eXistenZ and The Young and Prodigious T.S. Spivit.
eXistenZ is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
That was written by Vladimir Nabokov and Mervyn Peake. Nabokov also wrote рилаение на кан
I'm not sure who wrote that book but I do know that it was released in 1886
Some other great novels you might enjoy include Xenocide, Wizard's First Rule, and Witches Abroad.
Gillian Flynn wrote the same place as Dark Places.
Sure, It was written by Louis Sachar and it is in the genre of Mystery and Mystery.
It was directed by Kurt Vonnegut. Do you like Kurt Vonnegut?
The Theory of Everything is a romance film written by Lames Marsh. Do you like romance films?
The King was released in 2001 and is a drama/mystery. Would you like to watch it?
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Would you like to watch it?
He was in Angels & Demons and The Ice Harvest.
He was in a lot of movies like He's starring in The Cat in the Hat.
You're welcome
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories ?
Yes, Vanishing Acts is a horror novel. He also wrote a book called The Casual Vacancy.
Vanishing Acts was released in 2014. Would you like to know who wrote the book?
Brave was directed by Roland Emmerich. Would you like a recommendation based on this actor?
Another similar to Brave is The Chronicles of Narnia, which is also a drama.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He is a soccer player and has played for Real Madrid and Fluminense FC.
I don't know much about Rio de Janeiro. Is it a sport you enjoy?
Yes and Luis Fabiano also plays for the Spanish national football team
I sure do. J. R. Ward is an American writer, director, and director. He wrote the Bourne Legacy. Have you read that?
Yes. J. R. Ward also wrote a book called The Shadows.
It's a drama. It's also a movie based on a book by J. R. Ward.
I'll add that right away.
I know that he is an athlete that plays cricket, what do you know?
I don't know much about it, but I've heard that Harbhajan Singh plays for the Mumbai Indians
I do not watch cricket a lot
Sure! She wrote If You Take a Mouse to the Movies If You Give a Mouse a Cookie, If You Give a Pig a Pancake and If You Take a Mouse to the Movies. Have you read any of them?
Yes. If you Give a Mouse a Cookie was released in 1985.
I don't know. I do know that If You Give a Mouse a Cookie was released in 1985.
I am glad I could help.
Yes, Simon Elkeles wrote Wild Cards
No, I don't have any other copy in English.
He also wrote Rules of Attraction, have you read that one?
Harold Ramis is in Stripes. Would you like to hear about other movies he stars in?
Since you like comedy, you should check out Funny People. It's a very funny movie.
No, Groundhog Day is a comedy. You should check it out
Steve Jobs was written by Walter Isaacson.
Wither was also released in 2011. If you are a fan of the author, I recommend The Amazing Spider-Man 2, or The Amazing Spider-Man 2.
He also wrote First Things First: To Live, to Love, to Learn, to Leave a Legacy for more of his books.
Hello, yes I think he wrote The Night Circus.
Yes, it was written by Nicholas Sparks and made into a movie starring Miley Cyrus.
Yes, it was also written by Nicholas Sparks. It was released way back in 1999.
It was also written by Nicholas Sparks. Would you like to read it?
It is a drama and romance film.
Absolutely!
I like the dallas cowboys. It is a very funny movie starring Tom Brady. What can you tell me about the Cowboys?
I don't know much about the Cowboys, but I do know that he is from Pennsylvania.
I didn't know they're in the same venue as John Grisham.
Yes, he's an author and an athlete. Such a wide range of talent!
Yes, he was in Slumdog Millionaire an indie film.
If you like horror films, I recommend You've Got Mail, and You've Got Mail.
Go Set A Watchman and Silent In The Grave are similar.
Go Set a Watchman is written by the same author
You are welcome.
I think she is a great athlete, did you know she was born in Hisar (Indian district)?
No, I don't know much about Zlatan Ibrahimovi other than he plays for the Mumbai Indians.
Yes, I have heard about Serena Williams, but I don't know much more about them either.
I love him! I especially enjoy his old school Maroon 5 songs. Do you like him?
Bahati Prinsloo is a singer-songwriter and a musician.
Sure, it also has a very popular label that has been made into a movie. A couple of my favorites are What My Mother Doesn't Know.
Kick Ass has a great cast. It stars Xander Berkeley, Omari Hardwick, and Nicholas Cage.
Kick-Ass is a Thriller.
I don't know what year it was released.
Nicolas Cage actually starred in a romance movie called Lord of War.
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a drama and crime fiction.
He is the first actor in the Sorcerer's Apprentice.
Your welcome.
I know he is a singer, song writer and musician but I haven't heard his music too much.
I like Zakir Hussain he is a great songwriter, I know he is also a musician, record producer and a musician.
That was a great year for him. Also the Padma Shri Award.
The Inside Man is a thriller starring Jodi Foster. Have you ever seen it?
The Invisible Man has a genre of thriller and crime fiction. Have you seen that one?
You should definitely watch it, it is very interesting. It's a great movie and it's very funny.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Gangs of New York starring Tim Pigott-Smith?
Yes, Liam Neeson also starred in Taken 2. Have you seen that one?
It's a drama like Schindler's List. I don't know any other movies he stars in.
You're welcome
Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien?
I'm sorry I don't have any more information on that.
I haven't read that one yet but I'll check it out.
You're welcome.
Sure, it is a children's literature written by Mark Twain. It's also a family film.
Sure, he wrote La sombra del viento an el juego del angel.
Sure! It was released in La sombra del viento, La sombra del viento, and El otoo del viento. It was released in 1946. Would you like to read it?
You should! I am glad I could help.
Sure, enjoy!
Of course, she is an actress, she starred in the movie The Muppets.
I do not know what year she released
I don't see what she starred in the Muppets, but the Muppets is a drama
The Muppets is a musical comedy that was made into a movie
I'm a big fan of the Baltimore Ravens. Do you like Football?
I like Lamar Jackson, he is my favorite player. I like Lamar Jackson though. How about you?
There is anything else I can help you with?
Do you like Spirit Bound because it's a paranormal romance, or because it's urban fantasy?
Other books similar to that I can recommend include Frostbite, Shadow Kiss and Blood Promise.
Fault in Our Stars has a genre of Young-Adult Fiction.
I don't have any other books that are in that genre, but I can suggest some other books that you might enjoy.
Number the Stars is written by Lois Lowry.
Lois also wrote; Gathering Blue, Anastasia Krupnik, and The Giver. Would you like to know more?
Romance and Fantasy. Do you like those types of books?
Yes, Christopher Bigsby wrote The Crucible.
You might like The Crucible by Christopher Bigsby.
Sure! Do you like Wes Anderson movies or romance films in general?
There are several books in that series including The Sing and The One Plus One. Have you read any of them?
It also stars Sylvester Stallone. It's a Thriller and was released in 2011.
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
I have not, but it is written by Roger Avary
Sure! It was released in 1994 and is in the genre drama/mystery. It was directed by Roger Avary and released in 2006.
He's also a writer and an athlete. He has also starred in a lot of movies.
I don't know, but I do know that it is a really good horror movie.
I liked her in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Have you watch that movie?
She also starred in the movie A View to a Kill, have you seen it?
I think you'll enjoy it!
I love her. Her music is very Influential but she is also an actress.
I don't know much about the song, but I do like Dance wiv Me and Dance-pop.
I'm not really sure, but I agree with you on Goodbyes.
Yes, Colleen McCullough wrote The Thorn Birds and The First Man in Rome.
I'm not sure when they were written, but The Thorn Birds was released in Rome with the Speculative Genre.
The House is a drama film starring Colleen McCullough.
Alison Doody starred in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. She also starred in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade.
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade was released in 2004
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade also starred Carrie Fisher
your welcome
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, The Outsiders and The Fault in Our Stars are all similar.
You might enjoy The Looking Glass Wars or The Emperor's New Groove.
Ok enjoy your reading!
Daphne du Maurier wrote Rebecca have you read that yet?
Rebecca was released in 1938.
No. I don't have any information about that.
Yes, I like him in This is 40.
The Muse is a great movie! The Muse is a Romantic Comedy and Fantasy movie. Do you like those genres?
I don't watch that one, but if you are interested in other crime fiction movies you can check out The Fault in Our Stars.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like movies starring Steve Carell?
Steve Carell starred in a few movies. It's a great animation movie.
You're right. Zach Galifianakis is in the movie, but he doesn't star in it.
Sure! Wilson Rawls wrote a series called The Bluest Eye. Have you read that one?
Susan Meissner wrote a series called The Iron Trial if you liked that.
You are welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Terminator is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Are you interested in this genre?
That was a great one for you. I'm not sure of any other people starred in it.
You are welcome!
They are a great team, actually. Didn't they win the Super Bowl XLI?
That's interesting, I'm more of a Tom Brady fan. What do you think of him?
He was a great wife, Gisele was a great player as well.
He had some good movies like Yellow Submarine. Did you know that Paul McCartney acted in this film?
He starred in any movies like, Yellow Submarine. Did you know he starred in a movie version?
You should watch Captain America: The Dark Knight, if you like comic movies.
No, I haven't seen any of them yet. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I like drama too. If you like The Postman, you may like The Black Dahlia then.
You're welcome.
You're welcome!
Pearl Harbor was released in 1994 and was written by Jennifer Garner. It is a mystery/mystery movie.
I do not have that information but I can tell you that it was also a movie related to Pearl Harbor.
Yes, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is a great movie. It was written by Steve Kloves
There is. It is directed by Chris Columbus as well.
Gremlins is the author of all books.
You are welcome
I do! He is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
Oh, I don't follow basketball too much. Is he a good player?
You're right. He is one of the newest basketball players in the movie, one of my favorite basketball players.
I haven't seen it yet. Is it a good movie?
She wrote the Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
The Immortal Life has genre Science. Do you like books with these genres?
You are welcome, goodbye.
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football franchise based in Denver, Colorado. Have you heard of them?
There are two football teams in the AFC West.
I like football a lot, but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys.
Sure! Robert Duvall starred in The Apostle. Have you seen that one?
Yes, it also starred Harrison Ford and Carrie Underwood.
You're welcome!
I know he is. He starred in Friends with Benefits with Shaun White. Did you know he starred in Friends with Benefits?
I am not sure if he did. He was on that team as well.
He was also in Wam Bam Pac's The Man, have you seen it?
Total Recall has a genre of Thriller, Sci-Fi and Fantasy. Are you interested in these genres?
If you liked Philip K. Dick, you might enjoy The Island, The Old Man or The Sea of Monsters.
That is a great movie. Philip K. Dick also wrote The Adjustment Bureau.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I know he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like football?
Did you know he is from the United States of America?
I have not seen that one, I know he is a writer, musician and actor.
Yes, it was written by J.J Abrams and is a paranormal romance, urban fantasy. Do you like these genres?
I am not sure but it was released in 2012
She also wrote the Circling the Sun that is part of the series
You're welcome
Do you like Young-adult fiction?
The genre is Young-adult fiction.
I'm not sure. It was written by Suzanne Collins and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I don't know any other books by him. Are you interested in young adult fiction?
One of my absolute favorites is Toy Story. It was released in 1932.
I don't know any other books by him but I do know that he is a film producer.
I don't know any other book he wrote but he was influenced by Richard Linklater if that helps.
You are welcome.
Bruce Greenwood starred in The Republic of Love with Gary Farmer. Have you seen it?
I don't have any more questions about that movie. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He's a quarterback for the Green Bay Packers right?
No, I haven't won any titles.
Mike McCarthy also plays for the Packers
Yes, she wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read either ?
I don't have any more information on that book. There is a film adaptation of the Historian starring Elizabeth Kostova and Anne Hathaway.
I know of her. Emile Zola was influenced by George Orwell as well as Gustave Flaubert. Would you like to know about anything else?
You're welcome.
That's a great story. The next book in the series is called A Little Princess, have you read it?
Yes, that is the genre of Winnie-the-Pooh. Winnie-the-Pooh is in the genre of Children's literature, have you read this?
Yes it is, it is the next in the series of Rabbit at Rest of the Rabbit.
You are welcome, enjoy!
I like Josh Hutcherson. Do you have a favorite player?
I don't know much about him but I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
I think the Greek Freaks were one of the best in the NFL in my opinion.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by Steve Kloves. Would you like to read it?
Yes, that was the same year Wonder Boys was released.
Yes, Linkin Park is still with Meg Cabot.
The Road is a Thriller written by Rick Riordan. Are you a fan of his work?
Post-Apocalyptic fiction is a good one, have you read this one yet?
The Way Station was written by Terry Pratchett, who also wrote The Last Colony.
He wrote mostly science fiction books.
He wrote a lot of science fiction books including War of the Worlds.
You're welcome!
Do you like Tom Hanks as an actor?
Tom Hanks also stars in Larry Crowne, and That Thing You Do!
That is definitely a Romantic Comedy if you like that kind of movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
She's an author who wrote The Stones into Schools. Are you a fan?
She also created her on saturday live, which is a classic!
I'm not really a fan of satire shows, but i'm glad I had a chance of listening to it all day live!
I'm not sure, but it was produced by Terry Pratchett.
I don't have that information, but you might find it interesting to know that 30 Rock is an animated film.
I know a little bit about her. She's a famous athlete for soccer.
Well, I'm not sure, but I know he's from the United States of America.
Yeah, she was born in Los Angeles and plays for the United States of America.
I liked her old song Your Love is my Drug, other than that I am not a huge fan of her. Are you?
Yeah, I like her music a lot, but I don't know much about her.
Oh, I like Yellow Submarine too, I know that he is a song writer, right?
She wrote Go Ask Alice, have you read it?
Yes it was. It was released in 1951. Would you like me to add it to your list?
It was. It was written by Beatrice Sparks, and it was released in 1997.
No problem, enjoy!
Similar to Ray Bradbury is The Martian Chronicles. Do you like science fiction?
Yes, it is short stories. Would you like to read it?
I'm not sure about that, but The Martian Chronicles is also written by Ray Bradbury.
You're welcome!
Enjoy your book!
Yes he wrote, directed, and produced Freakonomics. Would you like to know more about that?
I am not sure who starred in Freakonomics. Do you like that genre?
Yes he plays on the Real Madrid C.F. and the Portugal national football team
Really, I don't follow soccer much so don't know much about it. What sport do you like?
Yes, that's true. Did you know she was born in London?
Total Recall has a genre of Thriller, Sci-Fi and Fantasy. Do you like these genres?
Arnold Schwarzenegger also stared in The Terminator and The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen those?
It is playing with Richard Portnow and Gary Oldman.
Ella Enchanted is written by Gail Carson Levine and is a Thriller.
Ella Enchanted has genre Speculative fiction and drama
There is no information about Ella Enchanted
There is no more information about her
Sure, have you watch The Return of a Man Called Horse or The Last Temptation of Chris
William Lucking also starred in this movie.
He was also in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
He wrote Madame Bovary a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
That's a great book! It was released in 1856.
I don't know when it was released, but I do know it's a speculative speculative.
I'm pretty sure it's a Speculative.
Yes of course it is written by Kurt Wimmer do you like his work?
Yes he was
No,I don't know
Heart of Darkness was written by Joseph Coonrad and is a Fiction Novella.
Theroux wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer, Groundhog Day, and The Ring of Dreams.
Yes, it is. It's in the English language.
J.M. Barrie wrote Peter pan
It was released in 1904
J.M. Barrie also wrote J.M. Barrie.
No, I don't have any additional information on that.
You're welcome!
Sure! Emily Bronte wrote The House of Mirth.
They are classics. Would you like me to add them to your reading list?
Done! Enjoy them!
Tambling is an author who wrote the biography David Copperfield.
Charles Dickens wrote Oliver Twist, which is a Mystery. Do you like mystery type books?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Blood Promise is a young adult fiction novel written by Richelle Mead.
No I don't know who the author is.
It is a young adult fiction.
You're welcome! I'm happy to help.
Sure! He is a tennis player from Switzerland. He played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
Not really, I am more of a Basketball fan. What about you?
That's interesting! Have you been there and watching the tennis match?
Blake Griffin is an American professional basketball player who plays point guard for the Denver Nuggets.
Yeah, I think he's a forward. Speaking of basketball, what's your favorite player?
Wow, I didn't know that. I am more of a basketball fan myself.
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
Magicians is a Fantasy book
There is anything else I can do for you today?
Yes, The Help was written by Tate Taylor and released in 2012. Would you like to know other movies starring Tate Donovan?
She was the executive producer for The Help.
Viola has been in quite a few films including The Help, Walking Tall, and The House of Mirth.
Sure, Joseph Kosinski wrote The Phantom Tollbooth which also starred Harrison Ford.
I like all of his musicals. Would you like to hear some of the music from him?
You are right! He was a prolific writer and a musician too.
You're welcome!
Pat Conroy is a great author. Did you know he wrote The Water is Wide and The Prince of Tides?
Yes, would you like to know about other books by the same author?
Flannery O'Conroy wrote The Water for Elephants.
Wise Blood is a Historical novel.
your welcome
She starred in the movie Aliens
He also starred in Chucky. Have you seen that one?
Absolutely! Robert Duvall and James Coburn also star in Weird Science.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Pride and Prejudice is written by Jane Austen.
Pride and Prejudice has genre Romance. what else can i do for you?
You are welcome
Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction.
You might enjoy the next book in the series, Wild Cards.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Paul Verhoeven starred in Robocop. Are you a fan?
He also directed and starred in RoboCop.
Total Recall is an indie/mystery movie.
You're welcome!
Snow White and the Huntsman was written by John Lee Hancock. Would you like to know more about it?
I'm not sure of that, but I can tell you other movies he starred in.
Undertow is a drama and crime fiction film. Do you like those types of movies?
I don't know any others, but I do know that Zack Ward also starred in the movie.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I would recommend Transformers: Dark of the Moon and Titan A.E. Have you seen them?
Think you might be interested in The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars.
The Golden Compass was written by Philip Pullman.
Glad I could help.
Okay.
Yes, Collateral was directed by Tom Cruise starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more?
Yes, he did. If you liked Public Enemies, you might also enjoy The Proposal.
Sure! I think you'll enjoy The Maze Runner. It's a great movie.
You're welcome!
Total Recall has a genre of Thriller, Sci-Fi and Fantasy. Are you interested in these genres?
Tim Robbins and Jeff Garlin are in the movie. Do you like those actors?
J.K. Simmons also starred in the movie.
You're welcome.
I agree, I do enjoy baseball. My favorite team is the San Diego Padres. Do you have a favorite team?
Oh, I see. 2014 was a great year for them.
I like the Oakland Raiders, but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys.
Denzel Washington, James Wilcox and Denzel Washington star in the Equalizer.
Sure, she is in The Hunger Games and The Magnificent Seven.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that it is a very good film that was released in 2006.
You're welcome.
He is a table tennis player from China. Are you a fan of his?
No, I believe he's from China. I don't know much about China.
Yes, it is. He also starred in The Iron Giant. Have you seen that movie?
He wrote The Adventures of Tom Sawyer
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn are good ones.
Mark Twain also wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
He wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. It's part of a series.
Enjoy
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to read other books by her?
Pride and Prejudice, Persuasion, and Pride and Prejudice.
Persuasion is a Romance novel.
Hunt for Red October and the movie was written by Tom Clancy. Would you like to read it?
It is considered a Romantic Comedy and was released in 2008.
You're welcome!
He starred in Zookeeper. Have you seen that?
Yeah, he is quite funny in that movie. Ben Stiller was in Zoolander as well.
Yes! He was in that movie too. If you like his family, you might try The Royal Tenenbaums.
I highly recommend it.
I like the one that comes to mind, a friend to Madonna. What is your favorites?
I didn't know that! She is friends with Selena Gomez, who is pretty awesome!
I have heard of him, I haven't seen any of those movies before but he did act in movies as well.
The Terminal is a drama starring Tom Hanks. Do you like dramas?
It is a thriller starring Liam Neeson. Do you like thrillers?
I think you might be right. I don't have any more questions about The Terminal.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, he starred in Tom Horn, The War Lover and the Reivers, what genre of films you prefer more his or action?
I don't have any information on the release date but I do know it was written by Steve McQueen and released in 2006.
Great choice! Hugh Jackman, Anne Hathaway, and Hugh Bonneville were in the main roles.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Heart of Darkness was written by Joseph Conrad. Do you like the author or genres of this book?
J.K. Rowling wrote that one.
The Tales of Beedle the Bard.
That is a Thriller starring Terry Gilliam. Do you like Thriller movies?
Wizard of Oz was released in 1900.
My apologies
Yup, this is the Adventure Genre
Ok, let me know if you need anything else
I know he plays for the Argentina national football team, but I don't know much about him
I'm a big fan myself. I really liked him when he had a fun playing.
I didn't know Louis van Gaal is a French coach, right?
Yes, Tom Hanks is the lead actor. He also starred in the movie Larry Crowne
I think you should check out The Fugitive.
Beneath was added.
He directed the very popular film, The Perks of Being a Wallflower. Have you seen it?
Stephen Chbosky also starred in it.
Yes she was in that movie. She was also in the Harry Potter series.
I'm not sure, but I can check out The Perks of Being starring Emma Watson.
You're welcome.
Interview with the Vampire is written by Anne Rice, it is a mystery.
Tom Cruise also starred in the X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
Andres Iniesta is a play written by Cristiano Ronaldo. Are you a fan?
I'm more of a Dodgers fan, but I'm more of a Dodgers fan. How about you?
Yes, they do. I like the Staples Center too.
That is true. The Giants play at Candlestick Park, have you been there?
I like to watch it sometimes. I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
Oh I love Meryl Streep movies. She's a great actress. Do you like her movies?
Cool. Then you'll like Aline Brosh McKenna. She's a great author.
Enjoy!
Sure, he has starred in an Action/Adventure movie called The Phantom. He also starred in Scanners, which is a Sci-Fi/Action film.
Yes, that is correct. Martin Short starred in Treasure Planet.
Hugh Jackman starred in that one as well. You should check it out.
William Friedkin wrote the Hunted. Do you know that one?
It is a drama. Would you like me to add it to your queue?
No, I don't have any other thrillers. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome!
Pearl S. Buck wrote The Good Earth starring Meryl Streep. Do you like her work?
Yes, it is a romance. Do you like romance movies?
No, that is correct.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I know that Kevin McHale is one of their best players
I also like football. What's your favorite sport?
I enjoy watching tennis better than most sports actually
He directed Little Miss Sunshine.
He also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
Little Miss Sunshine starred Charlize Theron. It is also a drama.
He has also starred in The Kite Runner and The Scarlett Johansson.
She is definitely a tennis player. She lost to Sarena Williams.
Her current ranking is Noel Gugliemi
You are very welcome, please let me know if I can help
He was a Journalist and wrote a Biography. Do you like Biography books?
Sure! Ralph Steadman wrote The Magician King. Do you like the Science Fiction genre?
He was a very prolific writer. He wrote The Red Pyramid and The Walking Dead, have you read them?
Sure, I hope you enjoy them.
The genre is Speculative fiction do you like that genre?
She has also written The House of Mirth, The Two Princesses of Bamarre and The Two Princesses of Bamarre.
Yes, that's a Fantasy novel
Sure, Tombs of Atuan is a young-adult fantasy novel by Gail Carson Levine.
I'm not a huge football fan but I like their coach John Fox. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about him
I think he's a free agent, but I don't know what he's doing.
He is a football player, his position is forward
He's on the Argentina national football team. He's currently playing for the Argentina national football team.
Well, I'm not a big soccer fan but I believe he's quite good.
Are you looking for books written by Jeff Kinney?
I don't know about that, but it is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Apocalypto is a war movie starring Michael Gaston. Do you like the movies starring James Franco?
I don't have that information right now. But, Gibson wrote The Passion of Christ which is also a thriller.
Sure! The Passion of the Christ is a historical period drama that also stars Hristo Shopov as well and was released in 1995.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Would you like recommendations for movies starring Kate Winslet?
I would recommend The Wishsong of Shannara.
You're welcome
Yes, that was a good novel
PS, I love the author. It was written by Cecelia Ahern and its actually a novel.
She also wrote Where Rainbows End.
It is a fiction
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is a great movie.
Cool. The Golden Compass is directed by Chris Weitz.
Philip Pullman wrote the screenplay for The Sorcerer's Stone.
You might also try The Golden Compass, it is a fantasy movie.
He starred in Cutthroat Island and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Yes, he was. He also wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Melinda Clarke also starred in The Long Kiss Goodnight.
You are welcome.
I don't know much about her music but I know she composed the songs You Lost Me and Wild Ones
I like Shakira more tho, have you heard her sing?
Yeah, Ricky Martin is pretty cool. Did you know he starred in the movie The Voice?
It was written by Jojo Moyes. Do you like Jojo Moyes?
Me Before You was written by Vince Flynn, who also wrote The Invisible Man and The Iron Giant.
I do not know who starred in that movie. Do you like his work?
I do! She's a Danish tennis player, right?
I agree! I love watching her in the Olympics.
Yes, I agree. I like watching her in the Olympics.
I think Mike Woodson is a good player but I'm not a fan of the team.
Do you follow any other sports besides golf?
I did not know he was in that movie too
I know he's a football player that plays for Wales.
Not really, I am more of a football fan myself. What about you do you like?
It is a very good movie and a great movie!
He wrote The Water is Wide
He wrote a book called The Water is Wide
He also wrote The Water is Wide
Good luck
Sure! The Battle of the Labyrinth is written by Rick Riordan. Would you like more books by the same author?
It was written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her?
It is a Historical novel, similar to The Battle of the Labyrinth.
Sure, enjoy the book!
Yes! Once Upon a Time in the West is a great book written by Mickey Knox.
Once Upon a Time in the West was written by Sergio Leon, who also wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. It's also a classic!
Unfortunately I don't have much information on that, but I do know it was written by Sergio Leone who also wrote Once Upon a Time in West.
City of God is a crime movie written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her?
To Kill a Mockingbird, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Manchurian Candidate are some great dramas.
Manchurian Candidate was written by Robert Mulligan, and it is starring Scarlett Johansson and Louis Leterrier.
There was a remake of the original version of the movie .
That is a Zombie Film starring Leonardo DiCaprio. Are you a fan?
Yes he is a composer/DJ. Some of his work are Where Have You Been and We Found Love.
Yes, he is a DJ and a musician.
Andy Murray is an excellent player, one of my favorite players. He is a former world No. 1 in singles.
I like tennis. I like tennis better than tennis. How about you?
I don't know much about it either. I think he's a great player.
Sure! She wrote The Good and the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that one?
The genre is Non-Fiction
You're welcome
Well Rob Riggle starred in The Lorax, The Hangover, The Other Guys and The Other Guys.
Anne-Marie is a singer like Paul McCartney. You like her?
Yes, I haven't heard anything from her. Is she a singer?
Sia Furler is pretty awesome. I like her song Whenever I Go to Sleep.
I don't think so, but I'll check it out.
Isn't he a cricket player?
I'm not a big cricket fan but I know he's from India.
Yeah, she's pretty amazing. I guess she's married to Hayden Panettiere.
Absolutely! He starred in Jurassic Park III and Surviving Picasso.
That is correct! Bill Paxton also starred in River of Dreams as well.
Yes, that is a great movie. Kevin Costner also starred in it as well!
1989! It was directed by Richard Linklater, if you liked that one.
Sure! Do you like Fantasy movies? You might like The Wolfman.
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a fantasy movie you might enjoy.
Sure, it was released in 2004 and directed by James Cameron, the same director as Aidan Turner.
Yes Kevin Zegers also starred in the Horror film Zoom.
Do you need any other recommendation?
Can You Keep a Secret was written by Sophie Kinsella, who also wrote Wedding Night and The Undomestic Goddess.
She also wrote Wedding Night and Twenties Girl
I do not have any information on that. I do know she won a Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.
Hope you enjoy it.
Sure, have a good day
I know a little, he plays cricket and is from India. Do you follow cricket too?
I'm not a fan of cricket but I do know he plays on the India national cricket team.
Well, I'm not a huge fan of the game, but I've heard a lot about it. It's been a while since I watched the Superbowl.
Sure, did you like Sharp Objects because it was written by Gillian Flynn or because it was the genre Suspense/Mystery?
I don't have any other information on that book, but Gillian Flynn was the author of Sharp Objects.
I'm not sure if it was new, but it was released in 2014.
Sure. Dominic Copper starred in Warcraft and The History Boys.
Yes, it is a musical theater film. Do you like musicals?
I can't be sure who else starred in Warcraft, but you might like it.
You're welcome.
Anne-Marie is a singer. Is that a singer?
I think they are a pretty good baseball team. What's your opinion?
Yes, I know very little about them. My favorite team is the Redskins.
I've never heard of it, but I'll check it out.
He's a quarterback, right?
That was a good question, I'm not sure.
Yes, Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger. Have you seen either?
Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School has genre Autobiographical novel, do you like that genre?
I would say children's literature is a mystery.
I'm not a big PGA fan but I think Phil Mickelson was the winner of 2005 PGA Championship and 2010 Masters Tournament
He is a great actor. He also starred in Men in Black 3 and in the movie Tin Cup.
Oh, I agree! I loved Entourage. I highly recommend Entourage, it's great.
I think you'll enjoy them!
Sure! He wrote The War of the Worlds, The Time Machine, and The Island of Dr. Moreau. Have you read any of these?
I don't know when it was released but if you liked The Time Machine in 1895 you should check out The War of the Worlds if you like.
No I have not seen it yet. Is it good?
You should, enjoy!
I'm not sure who stars in it but I do know it was written by H.G. Wells
I think he is one of the best Shooting guards in the league.
No, I don't know much about that. Is he a good shooting guard?
You're welcome. Have a great day!
They're a great baseball team but I don't follow the Yankees. Are you a fan?
If I'm not mistaken, the team is owned by George Steinbrenner.
Baseball isn't a lot of fun to play but when it comes on TV, it seems like a lot of fun to be honest.
Psycho is an Indie film starring Bruce Willis. Have you seen it?
Joseph Stefano, David Koepp, David Koepp, David Koepp. What a great movie!
I think he's still suffering the effects of the scandal that he has been released in 2016.
They are one of the best football teams, did you know their coach is Ryan Giggs?
Yes, he is. Are you a football fan?
Did you know he was born in Alexandria US?
Rocky is a Thriller starring Sylvester Stallone. Do you prefer Thrillers?
He also starred in The Expendables and Catch-22. Have you seen either of these?
Creed is a drama/mystery movie, directed by Leo Tolstoy, starring Morton Feldman
You're welcome!
Michael Crichton wrote the book Disclosure. Does this interest you?
The Great Train Robbery is a fantasy novel and was released in 2005.
You're welcome!
It's a great movie he was in released in 2003, have you seen it?
Nicole Kidman and Dr. Dre also star in it
He also played in the thriller The Green Hornet
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen and is a Speculative fiction.
Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility.
I don't have any information on that, but there is another book called Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
The Time Machine is a mystery novel by H.G. Wells, who also wrote War of the Worlds.
He directed Safety Not Guaranteed
Jurrasic world is an action and adventure film.
You may enjoy The Inferno, or The House of Mirth.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Me too! He starred in The Rules of Attraction. Have you seen it?
I agree. She's a great actress. She also starred in Wreck-It Ralph.
I'm not sure of that but it is a drama.
That was a great one! I highly recommend it.
They're a great team but I'm not a fan of the Dallas Cowboys. Are you?
I dont know who he is. Is he a player on the Dallas Cowboys?
I'm not sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Irwin kershner directed The Return of a Man Called Horse, The Last Temptation of Chris
Other movies in that genre include X-Men Apocalypse, The Return of the Jedi, and The Lord of the Rings.
I don't know about that. Are you interested in any other films he has starred in?
Gillian Flynn. She's from the United States.
Gillian Flynn also wrote Sharp Objects and Dark Places.
I don't know any other authors. I do know that he is a scientist?
Yes, I do agree. He is a great writer.
I like it but I'm more into speculative fiction.
Ok, great.
Is he a cricket player?
I don't know much about him other than he is an athlete. Are you a cricket fan?
I agree! He's one of the best cricket players in the world.
I've been a fan my whole life but I've never been to a cricket game. I love football. Have you been to any game?
I'm more of a baseball fan. My favorite team is the Cowboys. How about you?
You too
Yes, Houston Rockets is a professional basketball team owned by Leslie Alexander.
Looper is both a drama and a drama. Looper is also a film.
Good choice! Did you know he also starred in Unleashed? It's one of my favorite movies.
No, it is a zombie movie. If you like zombie movies you might enjoy Walking Dead.
You might also enjoy the Watchers or X-Men movies.
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like his work?
If you're interested in other works by F. Scott Fitzgerald, you might like The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
She wrote Im Westen nichts Neues and Drei Kameraden. Are you into foreign books?
I'm not sure of the exact date. This book was released in 2003 and is in English.
Yes, the original language is in English.
Great! Glad I could help.
Not that much other than she's a Danish tennis player. Do you like tennis?
She plays tennis. She has also played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
Yes, the Williams sisters are a great tennis player, as well as a producer and a producer.
No I didn't love it but I'll check it out.
I agree, I love fashion.
Is that a classic movie by Tennessee Williams?
Tennessee Williams also starred in Cat on a Hot Tin Roof too
He wrote Cat on a Hot Tin Roof too
You're welcome
In the Woods was written by Tana French. She also wrote The Likeness.
Im not sure but if you haven't read the whole series but i suggest speculative fiction books.
You're welcome. The book is a classic.
He is an author and plays for the Swedish national football team.
He has been in a number of films including Zero Dark Thirty, Wizard's First Rule, The Skull, and The Mechanic.
The lead actor is Tim Robbins, Tim Robbins and Harsh Times.
Sure, have you watch The Prestige or The Dark Knight?
No problem!
Isn't he a football player?
In the NFC North there's: Vikings, Packers, Lions, and Bears.
I'm a fan of the New England Patriots, but my husband likes it.
He's recent. He's been in The Social Network and The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you seen either of those?
You are right. Justin Timberlake starred in The Social Network
The Social Network is a drama and Thriller.
I'm not sure but I know it was released in 2004.
It's considered a drama and a biography.
2010 is the birthplace for The Social Network.
You're welcome!
Sure, Ang Lee starred in Hollywood Chinese with Wayne Wang and Directed the film written by James Schamus.
That is correct. He also wrote The Ice Storm which is a romance film.
He also wrote The Ice Storm and The Hunt for Red October.
Brisingr is a young-adult fiction novel written by Christopher Paolini and released in 2014.
I'm not sure if his specialty books are the Young-adult fiction. Are you interested in this genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Throne of Glass was written by Sarah J Maas. She also wrote the Assassin and the Desert.
I'm not sure. But, Sarah J Maas did write a follow up book, The Assassin and the Desert.
Enjoy!
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote the book Persuasion.
That's the only book I've read by Shauna Lynch. Would you like to read it?
Yeah, I have. Would you like to read that one?
Yes, Saina Nehwal is an athlete that plays Badminton.
I'm sorry I don't.
I'm not sure where the team plays.
Malcolm Gladwell also wrote What the dog saw and other Adventures.
He directed Seven Psychopaths? Do you like dark movies?
Yes, he is a scientist. Do you like scientists?
Jorge Luis Borges wrote Apocalypse Now. Have you heard of that?
Robin's work is awesome! Have you seen Mrs. Doubtfire? It's hilarious!
Have you seen Apocalypto? That's a great family movie.
Robert Duvall and Cameron Diaz star in that movie.
I'll add that right away.
I don't know much about the Homer but I do know he wrote The Iliad.
There's another one similar to Epic Poems, which came out in 1905.
It's a classic. I don't know much about Beowulf, but I'm honest.
I like Pete Carroll, he's a good coach. Who's your favorite football team?
Yes, that's true. Did you know the Giants drafted Sean Payton?
I am not sure about that, but I believe they won Super Bowl XLVII
Sure! It's a great movie. It stars Sandra Bullock and Ryan Reynolds.
Sandra Bullock starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine. Are you familiar with it?
Sure, that is a great choice. The proposal is about a father dealing with the accusation that his 14-year-old son is a murderer
He wrote The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October.
It is actually the same year that released The Stone of Tea-Time of the Soul.
Yes it is! He also wrote The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October.
They are a basketball team in the National Basketball League.
The team owner is Mike Woodson
Not sure,I don't know.
You're welcome
It was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Ralph Fiennes and Colin Farrell.
I liked him in Seven Psychopaths, which is not one I am not familiar with. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure what you're looking for. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football franchise based in Denver, Pennsylvania. The Broncos are part of the National Football League.
Tom Brady and Jerry Richardson are a few of the players in the NFL. Are you a football fan?
Sure, it has Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, and Michelle Rodriguez in it. Do you like them?
No, I do not have that information. What can I do for you?
I agree. Matt Schulza was also in Zookeeper. Have you seen that one?
I will.
Have you seen the whole series? Do you like the genre?
I am not sure, but the movie is based on the book.
I'll have to check it out.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, He's an athlete, a professional golfer from Dallas, Texas.
No i don't know much about Dallas. Is he a golfer?
No, that's the only thing I really know about him. I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
Yes, I am. She wrote I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings which is one of my favorites.
Yea, I believe she's also an author. I like poetry too.
I don't know when it came out, but it looks like it was the same year that Xenocide.
Of course, I hope you enjoy them!
Sure, he wrote она и мир.
James Franco is a great actor. His most well-known role is probably from Spiderman with Toby McGuire. Have you seen that version?
That is the End. It stars Seth Rogen and James Franco. It is a comedy-drama.
It is a comedy.
You're welcome.
You're welcome!
He plays soccer for FC Barcelona right? I don't know much more.
I'm not really a fan of the sport. What's your favorite team?
I have not seen that one, what's it about?
Doctor Zhivago is a great movie! I really liked that one too.
Sure, it was written by Rick Riordan, it is a young-adult fiction book.
Yes he did and it is a great book! The Sea of Monsters is part of a series. The next book in the series is The Lightning Thief
Yes, The Titan's Curse, The Throne of Fire, and The Sea of Monsters. Do you like any other sports?
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
Sorry there is no much information about it
Mary Ann Shaffer wrote a historical fiction called The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
He is an athlete. Are you a fan of watching basketball?
Ray Bradbury wrote many books including Fahrenheit 451, The Martian Chronicles, and The Iliad.
I am not sure but Fahrenheit 451 is written by Ray Bradbury
I don't know, but some other romance novels are Fahrenheit 451
Sure, hope you enjoy the book
He plays for FC Barcelona, right? Other than that, I do not know much.
Yes, she is an athlete who plays golf.
Is that the one with Adam Sandler and Ben Stiller?
I like Rob Schneider in Grown Ups too, but he's also a writer.
Yes, she was in Frida. You should check it out.
Joe Morton wrote What Lies Beneath which was also a movie.
Beneath is a thriller. Other movies you may like are Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee.
You may enjoy The Golden Compass starring Colin Firth.
Enjoy your movie
Yes, Saina Nehwal is a professional badminton player
Yes, he competed in the 2012 Olympics.
Yes he is, and he currently plays for the Wales National football team.
Do you like Thor because it stars Chris Hemsworth?
Great movie starring Robert Downey Jr, Chris Hemsworth, and Scarlett Johansson. Would you like to watch it?
He also starred in some great movies like The Mechanic, Iron Man 2, and The Incredible Hulk.
His other movies include The Incredible Hulk, The Avengers, and The Avengers.
He is a writer. He wrote The Butterfly Effect.
I don't know of any other thriller movies. Is there anything I can help you with?
I don't have much information on the Butterfly Effect, but the Final Destination is the fourth full-length book of the classic The Butterfly Effect. The Final Destination 2 stars Brad Pitt, Eric Brees and Eric Brees. It is a psychological thriller based on the true story of a Magic realism.
William Lee Scott also wrote The Magician's Land and The Magician's Land.
October Sky has genre Thriller, Drama, Fantasy. Is that something you'd like?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I like her and her friend, Madonna, have you heard of them?
I am not sure, but I know it was a film that also starred Kevin Spacey.
She is talented. She is also a model and a producer.
300 is directed by him.
It is a psychological thriller starring Frank Miller.
Rodger Bumpass starred in this movie.
Gerard Butler starred in this movie.
Certainly! Kill Bill: Vol. 1 is a classic Kill Bill series. Do you like action movies?
Chlo Grace Moretz starred in it. Would you like to know more about it?
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote the book Persuasion.
Yes, Persuasion is a Romance Novel as well as Sense and Sensibility.
Yep, he also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
Sure, it is written by Cassandra Clare and a young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction books?
I am not sure, but it is a young adult fiction book.
I'm not sure but it is good. Cassandra Clare wrote The Mortal Instruments.
Tom Cruise starred in Mission impossible Rogue Nation so if you like him he also starred in Valkyrie.
Yes that is correct. he also starred in that movie as well.
If you like Tom Cruise action movies you might enjoy World War Z or White Fang.
You are welcome.
They just fired their head coach Kyle Shanahan.
I like the Dallas Cowboys, but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
Yeah, I'm a huge football fan. My favorite Niners's team is the Dallas Cowboys. What is yours?
The book was written by Jodi Picoult, who also wrote The Plain Truth.
Jodi Picoult also wrote The Tenth Circle and Vanishing Acts.
No, I don't have any information on that.
I do not watch soccer much but I do watch a lot of games like the Washington Redskins and the Chargers
I agree, I like to watch the Superbowl for the commercials.
I like to watch it but I don't know much about it.
She has written The Sweet Far Thing, The Diviners and The Diviners. Have you read any of these?
The Sweet Far Thing is speculative fiction and The Diviners is fantasy. Do you like those genres?
I'm sorry I don't have any more information on that book right now.
Yes Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
No, but Milan Kundera is from Poland. He was born in Warsaw.
No problem, let me know if I can help.
I know he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like football?
Tom Benson is also on that team. Do you like any other football players?
You're welcome
Yes she is a professional Golfer born in Hawaii.
Yes, I believe she is a female golfer from Honolulu.
Wow, I didn't know that. What do you think about her?
Sure, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Do you like action movies?
Bodyguard also starred Roger Rees, Michael Shannon, and Matt Damon.
Sure, it was released in 1999.
You're welcome!
I do! He's friends with Selena Gomez, Cameron Diaz, and Jake Gyllenhaal.
I think he's the best Choreography, what do you think about him?
I think he's still married to Hailey Baldwin.
Monster Inc was written Andrew Stanton who also wrote Toy Story 3.
The Golden Compass starring Sam Elliot is a Disney movie
A movie similar to Treasure Planet is The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen that one?
She wrote The Ship of Brides, The One Plus One, and The Last Letter From Your Lover.
It's considered a Romance and Historical Novel.
Glad I could help.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books. The next in the series is The Marvelous Land of Oz.
I have not, but I have read that one from MatthewReilly.
I do. I hope you enjoy them.
I agree! He's great! He's a Spanish professional tennis player.
I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer. What about you?
I think Marat Safin is a tennis player too!
You're welcome
Sure! He wrote The Memoir of Sherlock Holmes and The Complete Novels and The Return of Sherlock Holmes.
Great choice. The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was released in 1892. It's a classic!
Cool! The Yellow Wallpaper was a great read. Did you know he is from the United States?
He wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke.
Have you read Xenocide or Z for Zachariah?
Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors and The Ruby in the Smoke.
I haven't. Is it the genre that you like?
Some of her other books include Im Westen nichts Neues and Drei Kameraden
Yes it was released in 2012. For sure you will like it too!
You're welcome
I have heard of him he composed Jar of Hearts didn't he?
I like songs like sing, sing, and sing just to name a few. She has also composed A Thousand Years and Lovestrong
Yes, they do play in movies. They're a great talent.
Sure, do you like Thor because it is a thriller?
I don't know any other movie he starred in but he was also in The Glass Lake and The Last Samurai.
You're welcome!
Sure. Jodi Picoult wrote The Pact.
You may want to check out Where There's Smoke, it is a fiction novel.
Where There's Smoke is a Historical novel in the genre of The Tenth Circle.
He is a soccer player and has played for Real Madrid and Fluminense FC.
I do. Who is your favorite player?
I like the Patriots. What about you?
The Cleveland Browns are a professional American football team based in Cleveland, Pennsylvania.
I'm not a huge football fan but I know he's a point guard for the Minnesota Vikings.
I don't know much about him, but I know he won the Browns vs. the Browns.
Sure! Peter Weir directed Deadpool. Have you seen that one?
Yes he did and Peter Weir also directed Witness.
She's a great actress. Did you know she starred in The Princess Diaries and Spring Breakers?
I like that song too, one of my favorites.
Of course! Lois Lowry is a great book the genre for this book.
Lois Lowry also wrote; Gathering Blue, Anastasia Krupnik and The Giver. Would you like to know more?
I think it is a great read. It is a great example of Science Fiction as well.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome
Yes. Rosemary Wells wrote Charlotte's Web which is an autobiographical novel.
Yes, it was! It was directed by John Scalzi and is in the Fiction genre.
You're welcome!
Bradly Cooper starred in The Magician King. Do you like the Fantasy genre?
Some other great comedies include X-Men Apocalypse and Waiting for Forever
Sure, the cast of Submarine is Jamie Lee Curtis and Daniel Craig.
He was in the Star Wars Holiday Special, one of the best action movies.
You're welcome!
Sure. This book was written by Douglas Adams. Other books by him are The Restaurant at the End of the Universe.
Douglas Adams also wrote Mostly Harmless and The Restaurant at the End of the Universe.
Douglas Adams also wrote Mostly Harmless and The Restaurant at the End of the Universe.
Sure! The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul is a book written by Douglas Adams that was released in 1985.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I heard they are very popular around the world
I like Nsync and Backstreet Boys too. Are you interested in any of their music?
I like them better. They are very popular in the Nsyl's industry.
The Baltimore Ravens are a pretty good team. Do you like Football?
Yes, you're right. He was a linebacker.
I'm more of a sports fan but I'm also a sports fan.
Well, James Frain who is in it is also in Transit (Crime Fiction Film).
Shark Night is a similar movie to TRON.
You are welcome.
L.A. Confidential is an action/adventure film starring Scarlett Johansson. Do you like that genre?
Some other examples include X-Men Apocalypse, Winter's War, and Wolves of the Calla.
You are welcome.
Taxi Driver is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. Would you like to watch it?
I haven't seen that movie yet, is it good?
That is a great one! Denzel Washington did star in The Manchurian Candidate, it was released in 1996.
I hope you enjoy them!
Sure! He starred in Unlawful Entry which is a really good movie.
Yes that's right. Rufus Sewell also starred in The Truman Show.
You might enjoy Rebecca Hall or Shooting the Past.
The Pianist is a drama. A similar film is The Tao of Pooh.
You are welcome
I have not really followed her but I do know that she has a sister named Rory McIlroy.
No, I didn't know that. What genre is that?
American Gangster also starred Mindy Kaling and Kevin Spacey.
I'm not sure what is her home venue.
He directed the movie The Illusionist. Were you aware that it's a thriller?
It's a crime fiction. Do you like those kinds of movies?
You'll like Without a Trace. It's also a suspense film.
You're welcome!
Sure! The Fault in Our Stars was written by John Green. Other books in the genre young-adult fiction are Paper Towns, Looking for Alaska, and Looking for Alaska
Have you read the in the Thriller/Crime Fiction genre?
It was written by Louis Sachar. It was released in 2002 and is in the Fiction genre.
You got it!
Sure, another book like Silence would be Broken Silence.
Broken Silence was released in 2003.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! Lauren Oliver wrote Pandemonium. Another speculative fiction novel is Xenocide. Would you like to read that one?
Pandemonium is a speculative fiction. Another speculative speculative genre is Xenocide. Would you like to read that?
It is written by Robert Zemeckis. Would you like to read it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I love her music. Did you know she starred in a few movies? She starred in Who's That Girl.
Yes that's true. It's similar to her other songs like This Is the End.
Yeah that's right, I think I remember that he was friends with Selena Gomez
Yeah, she's been in a few movies. She's been in a lot of movies. She's been in The White Countess, The Magician's Daughter, The Magician's Daughter, The Magician's Kind, and The Hunt for Red October.
I think I'll watch that one now.
Burn After Reading stars Joel Coen, Josh Brolin, and Clint Eastwood. Would you like to know more about these actors?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome, enjoy!
It is written by Henning Koch and released in 2012.
Yes it is in English, and it was released in English.
Henning Koch also wrote Britt-Marie var här , and The Maggot People.
Sure, he wrote You've Been Warned, Worst Case, and With & Wizard. Have you read any of these?
He did write The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
You're welcome. It's a short story, and was released in 1974.
Do you like Forrest Gump because it stars Tom Hanks?
Tom Hanks also wrote That Thing You Do. That's a great movie.
I don't have any more recommendations for that movie, but Tom Hanks Directed it.
You're welcome!
Sure! He directed a lot of great films including Requiem for a Dream, The Wrestler, and The Fountain. Have you seen any of these?
The Wrestler is a drama starring Evan Rachel Wood and Evan Rachel Wood
Requiem of a Dreams stars Ray Winstone who also starred in the movie
Francis Ford Coppola directed The Godfather, Apocalypse Now. Did you know that Nicolas Cage is his nephew?
Sure, some of the actors in Apocalypse Now are Billy Boyd, Rory Kinnear and Christian Bale.
I'm sorry I don't have that information, but Apocalypse Now is considered a war film and drama.
Sure Mr and Mrs Smith is a Romantic Comedy starring Matt Damon. Do you enjoy that genre?
It is a comedy-drama if you like that kind of movie.
Well, if you like thriller movies you'll like Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
You're welcome.
I believe she is the composer of The Pillars of the Earth. Have you heard of that book?
Eddie Redmayne also starred in The Wedding Date. Have you seen that movie?
It's a fantasy comedy. I don't have any more information on that.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I'm a big fan of the Baltimore Ravens. Do you like Football?
They are in the NFL, right? I don't follow football too much.
He did. He's a great coach.
Mad Max Fury starred Charlize Theron and Tom Hardy. It's a sci-fi adventure movie.
That's right, she's a great actress! Would you like recommendations for other movies she stars in?
I don't know who that is the guy who is in that movie.
I don't have that information, but Nicky Katt also starred in The Brave One and he also starred in The Brave One.
Is there anything else I can help with?
E Lockhart wrote The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks, and The City of Ember. Have you read any of these?
It was released in 2007, the same year that  1.  1
Another one by E. Lockhart released in 2014 the same year
You're welcome
That's a great drama starring Will Smith. I haven't seen it yet, is that what you are looking for?
Sure! Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Yes it does! Unknown is also a film and a film.
Yep, it's a foreign film. It's about a man who lives in a deserted Pajamas.
I'll add it now.
I know he's a football player that plays for Wales.
He's also a Midfielder.
No I don't know. I'm more of a football fan
Sure, Sia Furler is a singer-songwriter, lyricist, and lyricist
I really like her music. Did you know she's also an actress?
I'm sorry, I don't know much about her music either.
I have not, but it is written by Anne Tyler.
I have not, but if you like The Silence of the Lambs I know very little about it.
I do. Anthony Hopkins starred in The Silence of the Lambs. I think you'll enjoy it.
Emily Griffin is a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
It was released in 2012 and written in English.
Charlie Korsmo was also in it.
You're welcome.
Kazuo Ishiguro wrote Never let me go
When we Were Orphans has genre Speculative fiction and fantasy. Do you like these genres?
Zoe's Tale is a Speculative/science fiction.
Your welcome!
He is a Polish footballer. He plays for Legia Warsaw. Do you like soccer?
He plays the Midfielder
He's number one. He was born in Warsaw
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren, The Prince, and The Prince. Have you read any of these?
Sure. The Selection is a series followed in series by Kiera Cass' , Kiera Cass' , and it was released in 2006.
I hope you enjoy it!
You are welcome. Have a great day!
Did you enjoy X-Men because it starred Hugh Jackman or because it was sci-fi?
If you like action movies, I would recommend The Running Man or The Dead Zone.
I'm not sure who stars in it but it's directed by Steven Spielberg.
You are right. I would have to agree with you on that show. Who was the lead?
Sure, Gone Girl is a mystery, crime fiction. Do you like those types of books?
That's a great book, I really enjoyed it. It was released in 2010 and has a genre of Historical fiction.
You're welcome!
I do! The Life of Pi is an adventure/sci-fi movie starring Nick Cassavetes.
Yes, it was written by John Travolta, and starred Scarlett Johansson. Would you like to know more?
It is a Mystery or Mystery.
Tipping Point Book is a novel written by Jodi Picoult
Malcolm Gladwell also helped write Outliers: The Story of Success. Would you like to know more about this?
Malcolm Gladwell also wrote David and Goliath which is also a great book.
You're welcome.
Sure! Doug Liman directed both Fair Game and Swingers. He also produced Fair Game as well as The Bourne Identity.
Fair Game is a drama
White House Down is a great one
Ray Winstone, Sean Penn, Adam Sandler
He directed Man on the Moon and Amadeus. Have you see them ?
Yes, that's a great example of historical fiction. Have you seen The World According to Garp?
Sure, I will do that
C.S.Lewis wrote it and released it in 1953. He also wrote The Chronicles of Narnia - the Lion, the Witch, and The Wardrobe.
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is a fantasy novel written by C.S. Lewis and the next book in the series is The Chronicles of Narnia.
Sure! The Silver Chair was written by Jodi Picoult. It's part of The Chronicles of Narnia series.
You're welcome. Would you like me to add it to your reading list?
He is a cricket player, right?
I don't know much about it either. Is he a good player?
Isn't he a cricket player?
I like most of his music from Maroon 5 and I like him on the Voice. He is very talented.
I don't know about any movies he has starred in. I know he is a good actor, one of his best songwriters.
You should check out The Voice, it is one of my favorite genres
It is a speculative fiction by James Frey.
Sure. He wrote One More Light, The Magician's Land, The Magician's Land and The Million Little Pieces.
You're welcome. Happy reading!
Great. Enjoy your book.
Sure, similar authors to Michael Crichton include Michael Crichton, Michael Crichton and Michael Crichton.
there is no information about that
it is a murder mystery thriller
You're welcome
I don't know much about him other than he plays German football.
I really like American Football but I don't know much about it either. What sports do you like?
I like basketball too, but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
Sure! Ken Kesey wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest & he starred in Go Further.
Yes he is. He wrote "Go Further" in the English language".
I don't have any more information on Sometimes a Great Notion. It is a postmodernism piece that was released in 1985.
Sure! It is added to your list. I hope you enjoy them.
He is a writer. He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. You might like that one.
He also wrote a book called The Aleph.
It's fiction.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, G.O.T Tom Brady is an American professional football player who plays as a striker for English club New England National Football team.
Matt Damon and Dane Cook just to name a few.
Eva Mendes also starred in the hit movie, When you Reach Me. Have you seen that one?
Yes it is a great movie written by Steven Zaillian and stars Bradley Cooper. Do you like Steven Zaillian movies?
Bradley Cooper is one of my favorite actors. He was in American Sniper's first movies.
It is a drama.
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote The Lost Symbol which is a horror film. Do you like fiction?
Gangs of New York is written by Steven Zaillian
If you like Step Brothers, you may want to check out The Handmaid's Tale or The Handmaid's Tale.
You might enjoy The Giver or The Handmaid's Tale.
Sure, it also stars Sean Connery. It's a comedy/drama if you like that genre.
It is an excellent choice. It is an action/adventure film, do you like that genre?
You're welcome. I'm happy to help.
Yes, the Toy Story 2 is starring Tom Hanks and Tim Allen.
Yes he starred in the movie. He also wrote That Thing You Do.
Larry Crowne is a Romantic Comedy starring Tom Hanks. Would you like to watch it?
My Big Fat Greek Wedding is an all-star cast, and it's a Drama.
I don't have any more suggestions at the moment, but I do have some other great comedy options.
You're very welcome!
Yes I do! I highly recommend Kingdom of Heaven.
I don't have any more fantasy options at this moment, but you can check out Wyrd Sisters or Wyrd Sisters.
The Lord of the Rings was written by J.R.R. Tolkien.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Cleveland Browns are a professional American football franchise based in Cleveland, Pennsylvania. The team is coached by Mike Pettine.
I am not a big football fan but I think Gregg Williams used to be the coach for the Cleveland Cavaliers.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. They are my favorite team!
They're a pretty good baseball team but I'm more of a baseball fan. Are you a Red Sox fan?
Yes, that is correct. Have you ever watched that game?
I agree, they are both in New Jersey
I did not see that one, but I will have to check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
John Seelye wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, A Princess of Mars and some more.
Yes, the Adventures of Huckleberry Finn is the 3rd book in the series.
You are most welcome, I am glad I could help.
Would you like recommendations for movies similar to Divergent?
Legend of Tarzan and The Way of Zen are similar movies
you're welcome.
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
It starred Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Yes she is! She has a great voice. She also has some good songs like Thank Me Later and Where Them Girls At.
I think he is a guitarist and record producer as well.
I am not sure, but I know she is friends with a bit of a pop artist, like Selena Gomez.
No I have not read it. It was written by Jhumpa Lahiri
Yes, and if you like fiction I would recommend World Without End.
I do like thrillers. Shark Night is a thriller.
Dr. Seuss wrote The Lorax and The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss. Do you like any of these genres?
Theodore Lesieg also wrote the Chemist.
The Lorax (Animation Film) was released in 1946
There is one Welcome to the Monkey House if you like
Done
The Kansas City Chiefs are a AFC West National Footbal league team. Are you a fan?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. What is yours?
It was written by the author Alex Garland and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
He has also written The Invisible Man and The Game of Thrones.
I am not sure if he has made any films into movies. I do know that he is a film producer and a film producer.
Enjoy!
My pleasure! Ruben Fleischer directed great movies like Gangster Squad, Zombieland, and Superbad. Have you seen any of these?
I don't have that information
It is crime fiction
Your welcome
I do! What's your favorite book by Stieg Larsson?
Stieg Larsson wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes, have you read this one yet?
He wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes, have you read that one yet?
Akira Kurosawa wrote The Seven Samurai, Yojimbo, and Ran. Have you heard of any of these?
Not sure, but Akira Kurosawa starred in Yojimbo
Two of my favorites are The Samurai and Ran. Is there something else I can help you with?
Glad I could help!
The Good, the Bad, the Weird is a similar movie to Oldboy.
Confessions starred Russell Peters. what else can i do for you?
Reign of Fire is a good one. Anything else I can help you with today?
you are welcome. anything else i can do for you?
They're okay. They're owned by Wayne Weaver. Do you like them?
I like the Washington Redskins, I'm a big football fan.
Me too! Have you been to any of the games?
Yes, he wrote a lot of books. He was very talented and an all around performer.
Yes, Men in Black II was a good movie. It was directed by Roland Emmerich if you liked it.
He was also in The Wiz, Have you seen it?
Did you enjoy Scream because it is a Thriller or because it is a Horror film?
You may enjoy World War Z if you like zombie films.
Brad Pitt also starred in Troy, which is another good one.
I do! My favorite player is Sam Horn. Do you like baseball?
It's okay. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I'm not sure. Do you have any other favorite players?
He is best known for his movie Night Watch, and then he also wrote Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter.
Sure! Night Watch is an action/adventure movie directed by Roland Emmerich. It stars Ralph Fiennes and Jordin Sparks.
I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
Yes he wrote X men 2 a sci fi movie.
Yes, Hugh Jackman is in the X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
That's a good one! Stephen Sommers wrote Van Helsing as well as The Chronicles of Narnia.
He's the Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide and The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul.
I don't have any information on the release date, but I do know that it was in English.
I don't have any more information on that book right now but if you are interested in other books written by Douglas Adams, I can recommend Zoe's Tale, Xenocide and Z for Zachariah.
Is there anything I can help you with?
The Godfather, starring Al Pacino, was a drama. Do you want similar movies produced by Robert Evans?
Francis Ford Coppola wrote Apocalypse Now, have you seen that one yet?
Great! Marlon Brando is great! He starred in The Godfather II along side Meryl Streep.
Great! Marlon Brando is also in The Young Lions and Apocalypse Now.
Yes, he also wrote Apocalypse Now.
If you like dramas, you should check out The Godfather II.
I like them a lot under Brett Farve as their quarterback. Are you a Packers fan?
Oh wow, I know he is a name of the founder of the NFL.
Well, I know he is from Pittsburgh too. I'm sure if he grew up there.
I'm not a big football fan but I have heard of the Bears. They're having a good season this year.
I'm going to check this out, thank you
I like college football, too!
Yes, this movie stars Zooey Deschanel and Joseph Gordon-Levitt
They both starred and produced and directed. There is also a film adaptation of Zooey Deschanel starring Zoey Deschanel.
You Again, It was a great movie. It was produced by Terry Pratchett. It's also a romance film and stars Tom Hanks.
No problem. Let me know if I can help with anything else
Well, I can give you some recommendations. I can offer you some books by the same author.
Xenocide is a novel written by Orson Scott Card and has a genre Speculative.
I'll add it now.
You may enjoy The Informant or The Informant.
Thomas F. Wilson also starred in The House of Mirth.
Enjoy!
Blake Shelton is a country singer, do you enjoy country music?
His record label is No Strings Attached. Do you enjoy listening to country music?
I don't know where his career started. However, he's from Nashville, Tennessee.
Yes I can. She wrote Pretty Little Liar the genre is Teen Drama, do you like teen drama?
Yes, Pretty Little Liars was made into a TV series by Sara Shepard. It's also considered a comedy-drama.
I don't have any information on the series, but you might check out The Tailor of Panama. It's also a TV series.
You're welcome! Have a great day!
I'm not that all into world soccer, but I believe they're one of the best teams in the Premier League.
I am not a football fan but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys.
I don't know much about it either. I know he's in a lot of westerns.
I don't know much about footbal but i know they won the Super Bowl XLI
I think Mike Tomlin is a  coach. He's a great player though. He's also a former coach.
I didn't know that! Isn't he from Philadelphia?
Yes he wrote The Storm and Thelma & Louise
Sean Penn Was the main star in that movie. It's a great drama.
I'm sure you will enjoy it.
You're welcome!
Laura Esquivel wrote Como agua para chocolate and she is also a teacher.
It was a good book
Yes, she did
You are welcome
The Memory Keeper's daughter original language is English
Sorry, I don't have that information right now.
You're welcome
William Landay wrote Defending Jacob.
It's a movie too, would you like me to find it for you?
It's a thriller
Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors, have you read that one yet?
It was released in 1867
Your welcome
Yes, Romeo and Juliet is a classic written by Shakespeare. He wrote many books including The Tragedy of Othello, The Moor of Venice.
Of course, What You Will is a fantasy novel by Louise May Alcott. It's one of my favorite Shakespeare's works. Would you like to know more about this?
I'm glad I could help.
He directed The Imitation Game, which is a great film. He also directed Headhunters
Headhunters stars Rory Kinnear and Benedict Cumberbatch
Cool, enjoy the movies
Sure! It was written by Khaled Hosseini and was released in 2012.
Sure. He also wrote A Thousand Splendid Suns, and The Mountains Echoed.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I believe he's a player on the Brazil national football team. He was born in Basel.
Sure! He is a former world cinematographer, best known as Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories.
La La Land is a French movie starring Damien Chazelle and Sebastian Koch. It is about a man who is suddenly able to enter his life after his death.
Enjoy!
You're welcome. Have a great day!
She starred in Wonder Women 2017, also in Solider 1998
Sure! It was released in 1999 as a thriller/mystery. Are you familiar with his work?
Sure! Situation is added to your watch list. I hope you enjoy it!
He is. I love his music. Have you seen the movie Friends with Benefits?
Friends with Benefits has genre Comedy.
Wasn't that the one with Will Smith? I definitely recommend you watch it
I have not, but it is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is a Speculative fiction. Do you enjoy that genre?
It's considered a Speculative fiction.
In the same genre, The Grand Sophy, and The Subtle Knife are similar.
Then you might enjoy the book "Zodiac" or "Z for Zachariah."
You're welcome.
The Last Lecture was released in 2008 a non fiction genre.
That is correct. Randy Pausch also starred in Star Trek.
Sure, you'll like it.
Yes he wrote The Wackness starring Mary Kate Olsen. It's a romantic comedy
The Wackness has a genre Thriller and Drama.
Sure, some of the actors in the movie are Jim Henson, Elina Alminas and Jennifer Lawrence. Do you like these actors?
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes. The Man in the High Castle is a great book written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Ok, sounds like a good read. Can I help you with anything else?
I agree. It's a classic, you should read it.
Sure! He directed some great thrillers like The Ninth Gate, The Ghost Writer, and The Ghost Writer. Have you seen any of these?
Would you like to hear about other movies he wrote?
I'm not sure of the exact date
Writter Suzanne Collins wrote Gregor the Overlander and Mockinjay.
He starred in The Sea Wolf. Have you seen that?
Yes, that is correct. Would you like me to add it to your library?
No problem, enjoy.
Sure! The Donnie Darko is a Thriller starring Seth Rogen. Do you like Thriller movies?
He was in the movie What's Eating Gilbert Grape and The Magician's Land.
Yes he was James Franco also starred in the movie. He was also in The Funny World.
Judd Apatow also starred in Funny Games.
I don't know when it was released, but I do know that it is also an animated film.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley wrote Frankenstein and The Modern Prometheus. Are you interested in any of these?
Frankenstein is a Modern Prometheus. Are you interested in any of this genre?
It is, and it was written in English.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Fight Club is a Thriller. It is starring Brad Pitt.
Rupert Everett, Morgan Freeman, and Gwyneth Paltrow all star in the movie.
You're welcome.
Yes, A.W. Wheen wrote Im Westen nichts Neues in 1929.
Yes. He wrote Im Westen nichts Neues and Drei Kameraden. Are you into foreign books?
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Edward Zwick directed The Siege.
Yes, Denzel Washington did star in The Siege.
You got it. Edward Zwick also directed Tropic Thunder which is a thriller.
You're right. Snoop Dogg was in Training Day.
You're right, he was in Volcano High.
You're welcome!
I like their mascot Mr. Met. Do you have a favorite player?
I see. I'm more of a baseball fan myself. What about you?
I like baseball too. Who is your favorite team?
Sure! He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
It was released in 2006, the same year that  1.  1
I don't have that information, but I do know that he also starred in this movie.
I'll add that for you.
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that one?
I think so. Eli Wallach starred in The Bad and the Ugly.
He also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
Absolutely. World War Z and Once Upon a Time in the West are a few of his most popular movies.
You might enjoy The Good, the Bad and the Ugly or Once Upon a Time in America.
You're welcome.
The writter Kurt Vonnegut Jr. wrote Timequake and Welcome to the Monkey House. Have you heard of them?
I don't know any other Authors, but I can tell you he also wrote Welcome to the Monkey House.
Some other speculative fiction books include Welcome to the Monkey House and Weaveworld.
Sure, one of my favorites is World War Z. Have you seen it?
It stars Hilary Swank and Clint Eastwood.
I'm not sure what you're looking for. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure! He starred in Unlawful Entry and The Vatican Tapes.
It came out in 1986, and it's a great movie.
Great choice! Jennifer Lawrence, Liam Neeson and Liam Neeson also star in that movie.
Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier, The Country Bears, and The Clockwork Girl among others.
Underdog is a Drama/Thriller that was released in 1994. It stars Dennis Quaid and Jake Gyllenhaal
He has also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, The Matrix Revolutions and The Human Stain.
I don't know much about Philadelphia Eagles then Jeffrey Lurie is owner of it.
They owns the Philadelphia Eagles, but I'm not sure who owns the Philadelphia Eagles.
I always enjoy football. My favorite team is the Redskins.
I like the Washington Redskins, but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys.
Yes, American Beauty is a good one if you like Drama and Comedy
American Beauty also stars Sylvester Stallone and Michael Fassbender.
Yes, it is a very popular Drama, would you like to hear more about it?
I do too! It's a great movie starring William Hurt and Ty Burrell.
If you like movies like The Incredible Hulk you may like Zombieland or The Chronicles of Narnia.
It was released in 2010. Would you like to know anything else about it?
You're very welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
Die Hard has genre Thriller. Are you into thriller movies?
The Golden Compass starring Bruce Willis is a good one
Did you enjoy World War Z because it was a War Z?
Sure, he also starred in many good movies like Troy, World War Z and The Tree of Life.
Sure, enjoy!
Peter Krause starred in The Truman Show, Beastly, and Civic Duty. Would you like more information about one of these films?
Yes, she is! She also starred in Catwoman!
She also starred in Funny Games - a thriller movie.
Yes, Wolverine is an action/adventure movie staring Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman.
Yes Ryan Reynolds is in X-Men Origins: Wolverine and Turbo. He was also in X-Men: First Class
I don't have any more information on that movie, but I can give you some recommendations if you want.
I hope you enjoy it!
She directed The Incredible Hulk and Now You See Me.
The Transporter stars William Hurt and Jason Statham. Are you familiar with these actors?
He was also in The Transporter and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer. He was influenced by Stephen King
Good Will Hunting is written by Matt Damon. Do you like dramas?
Vampire Slayer is starring Ryan Reynolds. Would you like me to play it for you?
Yes, it is. Would you like me to add it to your watch list?
I don't know about that, but Affleck also starred in The Town with Ben Affleck.
You're welcome.
He wrote a book called No Country for Old Men. It was released in 2002. Have you read it?
Sure. Madame Bovary is a romance novel released in 1856. It's a classic.
It was originally published in 1856. It's a classic.
It is a literary realism. Do you like those types of books?
Sure, I would recommend The War of the Worlds, it is similar to Madame Bovary.
You're welcome!
Collateral stars Tom Cruise .Do you like Thrillers?
Well, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick, and he also directed 2001: A Space Odyssey.
Tom Cruise actually stars in Days of Thunder, have you seen that one?
I don't have that information. But Days of Thunder was produced by Stanley Kubrick. It's a great animated movie.
You're welcome.
Bruce Willis also starred in Hudson Hawk.
Bruce Willis was in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen that one?
Well if you like action movies you should check out The Legend of Tarzan or The Patriot.
Great. Do you want any more recommendations?
I know he's a Songwriter. Were you aware that he sung New Perspective?
Then you should try Get Me Out of My Mind :)
I don't know much about that
Sure! Leonard Nimoy starred in the horror film The Halloween Tree. Have you seen that one yet?
No, the Star Trek movies are the only one I know
It was written by Hilda Rosner and Hermann Hesse. Are you familiar with their work?
Another speculative speculative book is The Handmaid's Tale.
That was released in 1922.
You're welcome.
He starred in You Again, Wolfen and Turner and Hooch. Have you seen any of these?
Jamie Lee Curtis also starred in I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With, which also stars Dwayne Johnson, have you seen it?
Great, I think you will enjoy it.
She wrote Life of Pi. Have you read that one?
I'm not sure, but I would recommend World Without End.
Yes, that's correct
I agree, Michelle Paver also wrote The Looking Glass Wars, which is one of my favorites.
That was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like his writings?
I dont have that information,but I know it was written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
There is no other information listed, but you might like The Handmaid's Tale, The Champion of the World.
Sure. He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories.
I don't know much about him, other than he's from the United States.
Well, he is a basketball player and from the United States. The Warriors play in the National Basketball League.
Not really,I don't know what to be a basketball player?
Sure, he wrote Teacher Man which is the next in series.
That's a good one. he also wrote Teacher Man
You are welcome
This is a great book by J.R.R Tolkien. It is a speculative fiction novel.
He wrote The Silence of the Lambs as well as The Dark Knight Rises. Do you like thrillers?
It was released in 2003. It is also a play written by Thomas Harris.
You're welcome!
They are my favorite La Liga team, do you like them as well?
Real Madrid C.F is an American professional footballer who plays as a midfielder.
I heard they won the 2009 UEFA Championship
He wrote The Sea Wolf and The Sea of Monsters.
White Fang was considered a fiction as well. Another example of that might be Wilde.
Million Dollar Baby stars Hilary Swank and Clint Eastwood. Do you like these actors?
Yes, that is correct. I liked it too. Are you a fan of hers?
Sure, you'll like it. Did you know that Tom Wilkinson starred in it?
Yes, that is a good one. It also starred Ridi Lindhome and Morgan Freeman.
Me too. I think you'll enjoy it.
Have you heard of A Very Long Engagement with Denis Lavant?
It was released in 2009, and also starred Will Smith.
She wrote Fanstatic Beasts and The Casual Vacancy.
He wrote Fanstatic Beasts and also in Little Altars Everywhere
You might also enjoy The Crucible if you liked that one. Have you read that one?
There are so many great young-adult novels by J.K. Rowling that you might enjoy. My favorite is The Casual Vacancy.
The Divergent Series is a fantasy novel written by Elizabeth George Speare.
You're very welcome!
Sure! Andrew Adamson wrote all three Shreks. Would you like to know more about it?
Sure, Shrek 2 was written by Mike Myers. Would you like to watch it?
I don't know much about them but I do know that they are in the National League which is the same as the Baltimore Orioles which is the owner of the National League.
I don't know, but I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
I don't know, but Lagua del Bosque is the owner of the Brooklyn Nets.
Thomas Lennon starred in The Pacifier which is a crime fiction film. Do you like those kind of movies?
Yes, it is a television series starring Thomas Lennon and J.K. Rowling.
I don't know much about Chealsea, other than they are a football team. Do you like football?
Well, I'm a huge fan of the Dallas Cowboys. I don't have any questions for the season, but I'm a soccer fan myself.
Agreed! Anything else I can help you with?
Definitely! King Kong was written by Kong Kong and was released in 2005. The genre is sci-fi.
He wrote the TV drama X-Men 2.
I do not have that information
I'm not a huge football fan but I like their coach John Fox. Are you a fan?
I like the Dallas Cowboys, but I'm a Panthers fan.
Yeah, I like to know that. He's one of the best in the American Football Conference.
I do too! I liked that one too. He's quite good.
I'm always happy to help.
They're a great baseball team but I'm more a Mets fan. Are you a Mets fan?
I don't know much about that, isn't it?
I like that one, too. I'm more of a baseball fan. How about you?
Derrick Rose is an American professional basketball player for the Minnesota Timberwolves of the National Basketball League.
I like LeBron James but i don't know much more
No I have not. I know he's a voice actor but I love his acting.
Of course, Men in Black was written by Tony Tanner, it's a great movie.
Do you like movies with Lowell directing action movies?
From what I can see, there was no other sequels for Men in Black as well.
You're welcome.
Batman Begins was released in 2005. Have you seen the sequel/remake The Dark Knight?
I'm not sure of the sequel, but it was released the same year as Inception.
Enjoy your movies!
Robin Hobb wrote The Mad Ship, The Golden Fool, and The Dragon Keeper.
I'm not sure of the release date for that one but The Mad Ship was released in 2005.
He wrote Welcome to the Monkey House and Timequake. Would you like to hear more titles?
It's a non-fiction book
Z for Zachariah is a great book
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories are similar.
Tony Kaye also starred in the film.
Lake of Fire stars Kenneth Branagh and Kevin James. It's a Crime Thriller
You're welcome.
E.V. Rieu wrote
E.V. Rieu wrote .
The Flattered Fish was written by Richard Dawkins and has genre Speculative fiction
Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
I don't have that information, but it was released in 2012
Your welcome
If you Give a Mouse a Cookie was written by Laura Joffe Numerof and Felicia Bond.
No, they are all written by J.K. Rowling.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Well, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick, and he also directed 2001: A Space Odyssey.
Shark Night is a great example of psychological thriller. Have you seen that?
There is a second film called Panic Room released in 2006.
You're welcome!
Charles Duhigg wrote The Power of Habit
The Power of Habit was released in 2011
You got it
The Godfather, starring Al Pacino, was a drama. Do you enjoy crime fiction?
Yes, he is great. The team is owned by Doc Rivers and Brad Stevens.
Yes he is. He is the current coach of the Celtics.
I think Jerry Reinsdorf has done a great job turning the franchise around.
Chicago Bulls are won by Jerry Reinsdorf. Do you know any of their top players?
I seem to have been watching this season but I don't know what you're looking for.
your welcome
Dear John is written by Nicholas Sparks. anything else i can do for you?
Yeah, it was a good one. It was released in 2001. Would you like to hear about other things he wrote?
I hope you enjoy it.
Crescendo is a drama. Is that what you are looking for?
Jane Austen wrote it. It's a Romance novel. Do you like romance books?
Jane Austen also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
Jane Austen also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
You're welcome.
I love Linkin Park, My favorite song is Bleed it out. How about you?
I have a lot of rap stuff like The Red Hot Chili Peppers. I like baseball too. Who's your favorite?
Sure! Do you enjoy Sci-Fi movies?
Finding Nemo was released in 2002. It is a family/adventure/mystery movie.
Yes, Ellen DeGeneres did star in it as well.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes! He starred in Zambezia which is an Indie film.
That's correct. Do you like movies with Jennifer Hale in it?
I have The Shadowhunter's Code. It's a good one for kids.
You're welcome
Yes, he's an author and an athlete. Such a wide range of talent!
I don't know anything on the game, but I do know he is married to Yuvraj Singh.
He was a writer and journalist as well
I think he is a point guard for the Portland Trail Blazers.
He also owns the Portland Trail Blazers.
I don't know much about Pete Carroll, but he's a basketball player too.
Yes I do! The King's Speech is a drama starring Tom Hanks and Bradley Cooper. It is a great movie.
Yes it is a TV Drama, do you like those types of movies?
Jesus of Nazareth was great, would you like me to look it up?
I like some of her music. My favorite is probably Whenever, Wherever. How about you?
Oh yes, I like her song Chandelier and Titanium.
Really, I like her music a lot, but I don't know much more
They are a pretty good team, I think Khalil Mack is an awesome linebacker!
Me either. I have never heard of a football movie, what about you?
If you like commercials, you'll probably enjoy the commercials.
I think he is a good basketball player but I don't follow the sport. Do you?
I believe he is a point guard, but I don't really follow basketball.
I'm not sure, but I know he is a good player as well.
Do you like dramas? I would recommend The Pillars of the Earth.
Yes, I would recommend The Pillars of the Earth if you like thrillers.
Sure, I would suggest The Pillars of the Earth if you like romance movies.
You're welcome!
Yes, that is a great movie written by John Logan.
I recommend End of Watch.
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional American football franchise based in Tampa, Florida. The Buccaneers currently compete in the Super Bowl XLI
I believe that is their home venue for the Buccaneers.
I don't know much about football, but I'm a fan of just tennis
Well it was written by J.K. Rowling. It is a Fantasy Fiction. Do you like that genre?
Okay. J.K. Rowling also wrote The Cuckoo's Calling and The Casual Vacancy.
I don't have that information right now, but I do know he was an author as well.
Great, I think you'll enjoy them!
Sure! Woody Allen starred in Toy Allen and also in Annie Hall. Have you seen either of those?
It stars Ralph Fiennes and Liam Neeson. Have you seen any of these?
I think you would enjoy it. I'm glad I could help.
Spirited Away was written by Hayao Miyazaki. Hayao Miyazaki also wrote Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind
Well, it's a Thriller, so I'm sure you'll like Grindhouse. Have you seen any of those?
Oh I'll be sure to check out Zoolander if you haven't already.
You're welcome!
He wrote the Virgin Suicides and The Picture of Dorian Gray. Have you read any of these?
It is a Fiction Novel that was published in 1993. It is a book about a girl and a mystery.
It was originally published in 1993. It is a fiction book and a biography.
You're welcome
Sure, I would recommend Knocked Up, It's an action/adventure/action movie written by Jon Favreau.
Seth Rogen starred in X-Men Apocalypse. Have you seen that?
Yes, Mindy Kaling also starred in Knocked Up too!
You're welcome, enjoy!
He wrote The Virgin Suicides, The Return of the King, and The Last Samurai. Have you read any of those?
Yes, Miranda Richardson was also in Gideon's Daughter.
That is a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
Of course, I hope you enjoy it!
Oh yes, I love her! She is very talented. I love her music.
I like Hello, but I don't listen to that kind of music
I like it too, but I like the song Welcome to Temptation
Inception is directed by Christopher Nolan.
The Prestige was directed by Christopher Nolan, who also directed 'The Dark Knight Rises'.
The Prestige is starring Michael Caine, who also produced The Dark Knight Rises.
The Prestige is actually classified as Sci-Fi.
I'm not sure of the genre but I do know it was released in 2006 and a very popular film
Enjoy the film!
He plays for FC Barcelona. Are you a fan?
Wow, I had no idea. What do you know about Dani Alves?
I don't know much but I do know they are owned by Virginia Halas McCaskey
I don't follow football much so don't know much about them. Who owns the Vikings?
What do you think of Tiger Woods?
Do you like the speculative genre, or do you like that genre?
That book was originally published in 1838. Anything else I can help you with?
I don't know anything else. But A Tale of Two Cities was written by Charles Dickens.
Glad to have helped. Does that interest you?
I don't have any more information on that book right now. Is there anything else I can help with?
You're welcome
Kierra Cass is an author. Some of her works include The Siren, The Prince, and The Guard.
Sure, she also wrote The Siren. It's fantasy.
The Siren was released in 2011. It's a drama/mystery.
You're welcome.
Tom Cruise starred in Mission Impossible - Ghost Protocol. Would you like to watch that movie?
Yes, it is action packed. If you like that type of movie, you should watch The Last Samurai if you like.
Apocalypse Now is a great romance movie.
You're welcome.
Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell. He also wrote Animal Farm.
Animal Farm is a children's literature. Do you enjoy children's literature?
You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote Relato de un naufrago
Sure! He wrote in many genres including The Scarlatti Inheritance and The Red Pony.
Well, it was written by Terry Pratchett. Would you like to read it?
Well, he also wrote Gonzo the Art and The Joke's Over.
I hope you enjoy it.
Adam Brown starred in the Hobbit series. Do you like fantasy genre movies?
I don't know what year it was released.
You're welcome!
Bradley Cooper starred in The Words, The Words, and Splice.
The Woods was released in 1997 and has a genre of Drama Thriller & Mystery.
It is a thriller/mystery movie directed by Roland Emmerich. Would you like to watch it?
Have you read the Fellowship of the Ring?
It is a fiction novel. what else can i answer for you today?
no what else can i do for you?
you are welcome
Yes i do an one of them happens to The Tell-Tale Heart which i just finished reading.
The Tell-Tale Heart was released in 1843.
You're welcome
Not much, I know that Cesc Fabregas is an athlete and plays for the Spain National Football team.
Some say they are not that good, have you been there?
I'm not sure. I don't know much about Barcelona.
Aladdin is a series of movies starring Aladdin. Aladdin was released in 1981. Would you like to know more?
There was a Vampire Lovers starring Aladdin
You should check out Ratatouille.
Neil Jordan directed The Good Thief. it has genre Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I am not sure but I would recommend checking out The Good Thief. It also stars Ralph Fiennes.
Yes, he did, and he also directed The End of the Affair.
He also directed The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen that one?
Quentin Tarantino have directed Pulp Fiction, Kill Bill and more. Have you seen any of these movies?
Yes he was. Do you like his music?
I don't know anything more about Grindhouse, but you should check out The Last Samurai if you'd like.
No problem!
Downfalls in the genre of War. Do you like War films?
Downfall is starring Xander Berkeley and Marcia DeBonis.
Kristen Wiig starred in it, she is a great actress.
your welcome
Wasn't he a featured artist on the dance-pop album Unbroken?
Oh yes, I like her music too. My favorite is Yvonne Zima. What do you think?
I haven't heard that one yet. Wasn't he on that show with Yojimbo?
Yes, it was written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
Yes, she also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones
Yes, the Mortal Instruments is a series
You're welcome
Sure, Dress Your Family in Corduroy was written by David Sedaris and genre in Romance and fiction. Are you interested in that genre?
Yes, it's really funny. I think you'll like it. It was released in 2005 and directed by David Sedaris.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Fred Willard starred in Youth in Revolt and Roxanne, both Romantic comedies. Do you like that genre?
Youth in Revolt is an action film
You're welcome
Great, have a good day!
You're welcome!
Blood Diamond was a drama starring Charlize Theron. Similar movies would be The Importance of Being Earnest.
Jesse Jame stars in that movie.
The Lord of War was released in 2005
Sure! She starred in Welcome to the Monkey House and The Young Victoria. Have you seen either of those?
CCH Pounder also starred in Other Impossible Pursuit of Happyness. Would you like to hear more of his movies?
Yes. He starred in the Harry Potter series
Sure! That movie stars Anne Hathaway and Meryl Streep.
She has also starred in Twilight and Meryl Streep.
Yes, she's in that one as well as Anne Hathaway.
Alright! I'm glad I could help.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was released in 2001.
There are several. Z for Zachariah, Xenocide, and Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.
Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Wayside School Gets a Little Stranger. Have you read either?
Okay, if you enjoy Fiction you'll like The Looking Glass Wars, The Golden Compass, and The Magician King.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Dan Gilroy wrote Angels & Demons, which is a Thriller.
The Bourne Legacy has genre Thriller, do you like this genre?
Sure, have you watch The Bourne Legacy yet?
Sure, Hayao Miyazaki directed Unaccustomed Earth which is one of his best movies.
Ponyo is in the genre of Thriller, do you like that genre?
Sure, Hayao Miyazaki also starred in the movie Ponyo, have you seen it?
Yes, its an anime film, but also an animation film is a drama.
Sure, he wrote There Will be Blood and The Master. He's been involved in a lot of different movies. Would you like to hear more?
Of course, the main star was Tom Hanks.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Paula Hawkins wrote The Shadow Rising and The Red Pyramid. Do you have a genre in mind?
The Girl on the Train was written by Paula Hawkins and it is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
Sure, Enjoy the book!
Sure, a great read, I am glad to help.
Sure, a great drama book is To Kill a Mockingbird and The Manchurian Candidate.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I believe it is a book written by E.B. White and is a mystery
I don't know much about the book then I do. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes it is. It's one of the classics.
You're welcome.
Sure, he wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories.
Pinn has genres Fantasy, Children's Literature
Yes,It is written by Vladimir Naokov
It is a mystery
Your welcome
Memoirs of a Geisha was written by Robin Swicord and is a drama, do you like dramas?
This book is a series and the next book is called Memoirs of a Geisha
He wrote Memoirs of a Geisha, have you read it?
You're welcome
He is ok but I think his Spouse Hayden Panettiere is great
Yes, Wladimir Klitschko starred in Scream 4.
I'm not that familiar with them, but I'm sure he starred in Visiting Hours.
So true, he's so funny!
Green Eggs and Ham was written by Doctor Seuss.
There's also a version of Wocket in the Pocket written by Dr. Seuss.
Oh, I have no idea that's the same year that The Cat in the Hat was released.
Could you recommend a movie similar to Monsters, Inc. It's a great family movie.
He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in the War of the Worlds and Underworld.
Yes! Emma Stone also starred in that one.
No problem, enjoy.
Yes E.B. White wrote Stuart Little and Charlotte's Web
Sure. Safe Haven was written by Nicholas Sparks. It's a great drama. Do you like Nicholas Sparks?
Charlie Korsmo as well as Jodie Foster. Are you familiar with their work?
I don't know, but he was in a movie in 2003.
You are right! Do you want me to add this movie to your watch list?
You are welcome, goodbye.
It is a Sci-Fi movie that was directed by James Cameron. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, that is correct. The Women of Brewster Place is a great movie starring Winona Ryder and Glenn Plummer.
I don't know, but I do know that he starred in The Women of Brewster Place too.
Sure. I hope you enjoy it.
She is a British actess, best known for her roles in Ronin, The Truman Show and Solaris
The Truman Show was released in 2003
Sure! It was written by Dan Brown. It is a thriller and was released in 2011. Would you like to read it?
The genre is Non-Fiction and Fiction
He wrote the Where the Wild Things Are.
Little Bear is a Speculative/Action
Great! He also wrote A Christmas Carol, have you tried that one yet?
You're welcome!
Ok, I'll play it for you now.
He directed the science fiction film Eraserhead.
Inland Empire is Fantasy.
Idiocracy is a young-adult fiction movie. Are you familiar with his work?
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
I'll add it to your watch list.
Certainly!
Gone with the Wind was written by Margaret Mitchell. She also wrote The Wizard of Oz and Gone with the Wind.
If you enjoyed Gone with the Wind, you might also like X-Men Apocalypse.
I'm not sure about that. However I do know that Thomas Hardy starred in the film.
You're welcome
She starred in When a Man Loves a Woman with Andy Garcia. Have you ever watched that?
I know a little bit about him. He's a Spanish professional tennis player, currently world No. 1 in singles.
I know a lot about Serena but I know she has had a long and profitable career but not as successful as Venus. I think only Venus is still playing.
Tom Garfinkel is also the owner of the Miami Dolphins.
Go Set A Watchman and Silent In The Grave are similar books
Ok, perhaps you would like on Flux or Zodiac?
You're welcome!
I love her music. My favorite is I'm Not Dead by Pink. What is yours?
Well, I'm a big fan of hers, but I like more rock, like Selena Gomez. How about you?
Wow, I didn't know that. She's a great actress. She's also an amazing performer.
He starred in the movie O.C
Yes, it is a comedy-drama if you are into Sandra Bullock's movies.
I don't have any more information on Peter Gallagher's movies. However, he also starred in The O.C. which is a Romantic Comedy.
You are welcome.
Martin Gardner wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you read that?
The Portable Atheist has the genre of Fantasy. It is fiction.
He has also written Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and The Portable Atheist.
Your welcome
He's a Midfielder and plays on the Colombia national football team.
He played as a Forward. I don't know much more about him.
Yes he was on FC Porto. He was a great player.
I love tennis. Her sister Serena is great.
Brett Ratner is an actor and a comedian. He was also in Zookeeper.
I'm not sure about that, but Shark Night is another thriller starring Kyla Pratt.
The Glass Castle was a great book! It is considered a memoir. Similar to one called Running with Scissors.
Melinda Clarke, who wrote the Three Cups of Tea
She's a great! She wrote The Lovely Bones and The Almost Moon. Are you familiar with those?
It is a fiction novel. Would you like to read it?
No. I'm sorry I don't have any recommedations.
Yes, it is written by Jack London.
You are welcome.
I think she is a great tennis player, did you know she was born in Mumbai?
You know, I don't know much about her, but I do know that she is an athlete as well.
Hantuchova is one of my favorites.
Yes he was. He was a good running back.
Do you like Thor: The Dark World because it is a fantasy movie?
You may enjoy The Golden Compass or The Fall if you like.
Simon McBurney stars in the movie. Would you like to watch that one?
I'm sure you will enjoy Magda Szubanski!
It's a great film! It was directed by Damien Chazelle and released in 2014. Do you like the actors or the genre?
Yes Wade Williams also starred in Troy Garity!
I don't believe so, he did star in Elizabethtown.
Breakfast of Champions is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Do you enjoy that author ?
Yes, he also wrote Welcome to the Monkey House and Timequake. Would you like to know more?
I haven't read that one yet. I think I should check it out. Thanks for your time travel.
He directed a lot of movies. My favorite is Waiting to Exhale, which is one of my favorites!
John Sayles did. He also wrote Into the Wild.
The genre is Thriller and Drama. Do you like those genres?
I like Phil Mickelson, he won the 2010 Masters Tournament, he also starred in the movie Tin Cup.
Do you know any other players that he played in?
Okay, I think I'll show it. Isn't that a comedy?
In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's are his notable works
Yes, Mickey Rooney did. He also starred in The Princess and the Frog.
I'm not sure about similar movies, but if you haven't watched any of his movies, he was in the Harry Potter movies.
Sure, he wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement, and Who Moved My Cheese? Have you read any of those?
That is a self-help book.
That's correct. He's also a motivational speaker.
Sam Taylor-Johnson starred in Nowhere Boy and Fifty Shades of Grey.
Yes, Nowhere Boy starred Fifty Shades of Grey, and it was released in 2005.
Yes, Nowhere Boy is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Of course, do you like this author because of the genre, or the author?
Yes he did. If you like action films you might enjoy Treasure Planet or The Southern Vampire Mysteries.
I don't know much about V for Vendetta, but I do know that it is a Political Thriller.
Yes she wrote The Virgin Blue, The last Runaway, and The Lady and the Unicorn. Have you read any of these?
I believe it to be a Mystery and Fantasy. Do you like those types of books?
I don't know anything about that, is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome, enjoy!
He directed both The Mist and The Green Mile. Are you a fan of Stephen King films?
The genre is a thriller. Do you like thriller movies?
Great, would you like to watch National Lampoons The Mist which was released in 1999?
Woody Allen wrote Annie Hall. Would you like to watch it?
Yes, Dan Gilroy wrote Angels & Demons.
Angelina Jolie Pitt
I don't know of any Genre
Whiteout,X-Men
have you watch Young Sherlock Holmes
Welcome
Where the Sidewalk Ends has a genre of Speculative fiction. Do you like these genres?
Shel Silverstein also wrote Where the Sidewalk Ends and Summer of Sam
Shel Silverstein also wrote The Giving Tree, and Shel Silverstein
You're welcome, have a great day!
I know he composed the song We Rode in Trucks, have you heard it?
I like her song Someone Else Calling You Baby.
Yes, I do like her music
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit one of my favorite movies. If you haven't read it I'd highly recommend it.
It was released in 1999 and it is an English language book. Are you interested in any other books by her?
I hope you enjoy them!
Sure, Oliver Stone wrote The Doors. The Doors is directed by Randall Jahnson
The Doors stars many big actors including Tony Goldwyn, Jordin Sparks, and Liam Neeson.
Yes, The Doors is a musical, Thriller/Horror movie.
You're welcome!
Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Wise Man's Fear and The Name of the Wind.
William Shakespeare wrote The Name of the Wind.
Great, enjoy!
Would you like recommendations for other books by Veronica Roth?
Great, you may like The Hunger Games or The Giver. Would you like to hear more books by the same author?
He's a soccer player from Manchester United F.C..
I don't have much information about him
I don't know much about Thiago Silva but I know he is also an athlete and plays soccer
I don't know much about them. I'm more of a football fan.
Not really, I'm more a fan of the Miami Dolphins. What about you?
Oh wow, I know very little about who won that one.
I can recommend you the movie Walk the Line if you like.
She also starred in the movie Twilight. Are you familiar with that movie?
I don't know any other films she has acted in, but if you like Science Fiction movies you may enjoy X-Men The Last Five Years.
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
I'm sorry I don't have any information on that.
You're welcome.
Yes. He is a great actor. He starred in The Road to El Dorado.
I think Suresh Raina is an athlete. Isn't he on the cricket team?
Not really, I don't know much about it either. I prefer American Football to be honest.
Yes, he is a very talented player. Not really a fan of any other sports you enjoy.
He wrote Uglies and Touching Darkness.
It is a young-adult fiction that was released in 2013
I'm sorry I don't know any other books released that year.
You're welcome
Cesc Fabregas is an athlete and plays for the Spain National Football team. Do you like Football?
I think he plays for the Spain national football team.
Yes, he does. He also played for Manchester United F.C and Louis van Gaal.
I heard he is a good coach as well.
Joseph Heller wrote The Odyssey and The Iliad. Have you read either of these?
He also wrote a follow up squeal called Closing Time. Would you like to know more?
Sure. Fifty Shades Freed was written by E.L. James and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like this genre?
I have not, but E.L. James also wrote The Shadows Over Innsmouth. Have you read it?
Bared to You is the next book in the series.
It was published in April of 2012
Ok, enjoy the book
Yes, Franz Kafka wrote The Castle as well as Amerika
It's considered a fiction and a biography. Do you like those?
You're welcome! Enjoy the read!
The Boys in the Boat: Nine Americans and Their Epic Quest for Gold
Laura Hillenbrand also wrote Seabiscuit: A True Story of Survival, Adventure, and the Most Incredible Rescue Mission of World War II. Are you interested in any of these?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Are you referring to James Robinson who starred in No Country for Old Men?
Braveheart was written by John Grisham
I am not sure, do you like any other movies he directed
I'm sorry I don't know, but he did write Braveheart too
Is there anything I can help you with?
He wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer
I don't know. But, I know it was released in 1974.
Sorry, I don't have much information on Wreck This Journal.
No problem, enjoy!
Washington Redskins sucks. did you know Dwight Schar owned this team
That's right. He also coached the Oakland Raiders.
I don't know if he is playing for the team, but he was also a former world No. 1 in singles.
Sure. Girl with a Pearl Earring has genre Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It has a genre Biography and Thriller. Do you like those types of movies?
I'm not sure who wrote that one but Snow Crash is a Fiction Novel.
Tropic Thunder has a genre of Historical period drama. Do you enjoy these genres?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I recommend Comedy-dramas as well as The Cable Guy
Yes! Diana Gabaldon wrote My Own Heart's Blood.
I'm not sure what wear My Own Heart's Blood was released.
I'm not sure what genre it is. Is it similar to The Secret Garden?
You're welcome!
He directed Cutthroat Island starring Frank langella, The Long Kiss Goodnight, and The Deep Blue Sea.
Renny Harlin starred in Cutthroat Island with Kenny Harlin
It was released in 1999
Your welcome
I'm not a huge fan but I do know they're owned by John Fox.
I would say I would be happy to see them having a good season this year
Yes, I am a fan of the Steelers, but my favorite team is the Redskins
Sure! Doug Liman directed both Fair Game and Swingers. He also directed both Fair Game and Swingers.
I'm not sure, but John-Hengle also directed Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales.
I don't have that information, but I do know that Sean Penn starred in the film.
I don't know who starred in that movie. However, I do know that Sean Penn starred in the film.
Yes! He also starred in Wreck-It Ralph which also starred Sean Penn.
Yes, Dwyane Wade starred in Just Wright didn't he?
I don't know much about her either I do know that he is a French professional basketball player.
Yes, it was. It's a comedy-drama if you like that genre.
Yes I love that movie, it was written by Rick Riordan. Are you a fan of this type of film?
Aeon Flux is a great movie to watch. Are you into sci-fi movies?
A couple good ones are Zombieland and Yesterday Was a Lie.
You're welcome.
300: Rise of an Empire is one.
300: Rise of an Empire was released in 2014. Eva Green, Sullivan Stapleton, and Peter Mensah.
I don't have any information on the release date.
I don't know much about Fantasy but I do know that it was directed by Peter Mensah.
Yes! Eva Green also starred in the film 'Legend.'
Eva Green was born in Philadelphia, New York City.
You're welcome!
I really don't know much about them, but I do know that they are owned by Magic Johnson.
Magic Johnson is an American professional basketball player who plays as a point guard for the National Basketball Association.
Well, I can't agree with you, but one of their top players was Xzibit.
Yes, Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
That movie stars Leonardo DiCaprio and also Mervyn Peake. It was released in 1886.
The version was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. It is more of a thriller or horror film.
I don't know any other books that made into a movie. Are you interested in any other movies that made into a movie?
I'm glad I could help.
Sure, Their Eyes Were Watching God is a fiction novel written by Zora Neale Hurston. Do you like fiction novels?
There's one of them called Sword of Shannara. It's a children's literature.
I don't have any information on that, but I can tell you that she wrote a book called The Sword of Shannara.
I know a little bit about Paul Pogba-Do. He plays for the France national football team
Yes! He is a player on the Manchester United F.C. team.
I would say I'm more of a fan of the United States.
I actually don't know much about football, I'm more of a fan of any other sports.
He is a writer, a screenwriter and author. He wrote the biography of Slaughterhouse-Five. Have you heard of it?
Do you like John Steinbeck ?
Tropic of Cancer is a Cancer book do you like those types of books?
I would highly recommend The Grapes of Wrath then it is a great read.
I don't know, but I think it was released in 1876 by Anne Tyler.
I believe it was written by Anne Tyler. Would you like to know more about the book?
You are welcome. Happy reading!
The Bruges was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Ralph Fiennes who also wrote The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
Yes, it does. Tom Waits also stars in Seven Psychopaths.
She also starred in Seven Psychopaths, which is a good one!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, O Brother, Where Art Thou starred Tom Hanks, Tim Blake Nelson, and Ray McKinnon.
Sure! She also starred in Thirteen with Morgan Freeman.
Sure, she also starred in the film The Brother.
You're welcome. Enjoy the film!
Sure, The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010.
Steven Spielberg wrote the Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
The genre is Science Fiction/Crime
He also wrote The Good the Bad and the Ugly.
It is a great book written by Henning Koch and released in 2012. The genre is Thriller. Are you into thrillers?
It was directed by Roland Emmerich. Do you want to know more about the movie 2012?
Sure! Did you enjoy it because it's because it's a thriller?
Okay. If you want to stay with the Dodgers then you'll like The Running Man or The Last Samurai.
Oh ok, I prefer space sci fi as well.
Interstellar starred Philip Seymour Hoffman, Simon McBurney, and James Coburn
You're welcome
It was written by Suzanne Collins and is a Young-adult fiction. Have you read it?
He directed the comedy American Pie as well as The Golden Compass.
I don't know much about it. But Chris Weitz also directed American Pie, but he also directed About Time.
She also starred in Funny Games - a comedy movie.
Great, hope you enjoy
He is a very good tennis player. He won BBC Young Sports Personality of the Year.
I haven't been a long time but I've never watched a match.
It looks like a lot of fun to play but it doesn't seem to be very entertaining.
Absolutely! Melink Karakosta wrote Le Petit Prince.
Melina Karakosta also wrote Le Petit Prince.
He is a musician and author. Some of the most famous works include on Flux and Marlon Brando.
Did you like X-Men: The Last Stand because it starred Hugh Jackman, or because it was Sci-Fi?
If you like X-Men you might like The Last Stand.
Logan is a superhero movie and its also a sci-fi film.
Certainly! Enjoy!
Yes! He is a great writer who wrote the Pixar film Up. Have you seen it?
Yes he directed a lot of movies. One of them is The Order of the Phoenix. Do you like action?
I like drama films, I think you might like The Looking Glass Wars, it's a great one.
You might like them both. I hope you enjoy them!
Peter Bart wrote The Godfather. The Godfather has genre Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Godfather also starred Marlon Brando.
The Godfather was released in 1998
Sure, The Green Mile is written by Stephen King. Stephen King also wrote The Shawshank Redemption, have you read that one yet?
Stephen King also wrote The Shawshank Redemption, have you read that one yet?
There is a film adaptation of the Dead Zone, released in 2006.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
She wrote one book called The Orphan Train which was released in 2013. Do you like her work?
She also wrote A Piece of the World.
Yes. The Way Life Should Be, Sweet Water and Bird in Hand are all the same.
I Am Legend is a film starring Will Smith and Emma Stone. It is a sci-fi thriller.
I am Legend. He also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness which is a comedy.
I am not sure about that, but I do know he is also a producer and a musician.
Hot Fuzz is an excellent movie starring Jim Carrey.
Hot Fuzz is an action and adventure film. If you like action, you should check out True Grit or The Mask.
I believe it is an Adventure movie. Another adventure movie is Your Highness if you like adventure.
I'm a fan, I'm a big fan of We Found Love.
I like his music , but I don't really listen to much 'electronic dance music much
I am not a fan, but I heard he did a lot of good friends with Elton John.
To Kill a Mockingbird was written in 1960.
The Incredible Journey was also written by Harper Lee
Sure. Les Miserables is an action/adventure film written by Claude-Michel Schönberg and stars Hugh Jackman. Do you like those actors?
I'm sorry I don't have any suggestions in that genre, but you might enjoy The Book of Mormon or The Invisible Man.
I'm sorry I don't have any additional recommendations at the moment.
Yes, The Deer Hunter is written by Quinn K. Redeker and stars Jim Carrey.
I do not have that information
Yes, He starred in The Deer Hunter
Jodie Foster also starred in The Deer Hunter
The Denver Broncos are doing okay in their division. I prefer the New England Patriots.
It was a great year for them. Have you been to any of the games?
Cold Mountain is a war movie starring Chris Hemsworth. Do you like his movies?
I've not, but I'm sure Renee Zellweger also starred in Shark Tale and Monsters vs. Aliens.
Cold Mountain is a great movie also starring Renee Zellweger.
J. K. Simmons is an American professional basketball player who plays as a striker for English club West Hamlet.
He has done alot of movies. A couple of my favorites are World War Z if you like crime fiction.
J.K. Simmons plays the lead role.
Ronan Bennett was one of the starring actors in Public Enemies.
Oh, yes. He's been in The Rum Diary and L.A. Without a Map. Have you seen those?
I don't know what comedies he's down with. I can't think of any of the dramas I know.
I will have to check it out, I'm sure you love it!
The movie stars Harrison Ford and Sela Ward. Are you interested in the movie?
I don't have that information. You should check out The Fugitive.
If you liked that one you should check out The Fugitive.
You might enjoy the Star Wars Holiday Special, it also starred Harrison Ford.
Yes, he was in that film as well.
You're welcome!
J.M. Barrie wrote The Blue Castle and Raise High. Have you read these books?
Peter Pan also wrote The Scarlatti Inheritance.
It's a historical fiction. Do you like those?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
The same Karim Benzema of Real Madrid C.F.? I don't really know him
I think he plays for France national football team.
No problem!
Yes, it is a great movie. Fast five is written by Gary Scott Thompson. Would you like to know more about it?
VI, XXX is a popular action movie. He also starred in The Chronicles of Riddick.
I will have to check it out!
Yes, Joh Favreau wrote Favreau. Have you read that book?
That is correct and he also starred in a movie Made which is a comedy crime thriller.
He also starred in a movie called Weekend at Bernies II which he also starred in.
Yes, and Kevin Nealon also starred in That Thing You Do!
Yes she did along with Selena Gomez
The Gazebo is a Drama/Mystery movie I highly recommend it
Sure, Seth MacFarlane wrote The Love of the World which was directed by Roland Emmerich. Have you seen that one?
Sure, Family Guy is a drama and a comedy starring Tom Hanks, Peter Scolari and Leonardo DiCaprio.
Yes, he sings a tv show and he also wrote Friends with Benefits
Skyfall is a war/sci-fi film starring Nick Cassavetes.
Yes. He has also starred in The Shawshank Redemption and The Mist. Would you like to know more?
I don't know who the producer is. However, I do know that Rene Russo stars in this film as well.
Alright is an action and drama film. Would you like me to add it to your list?
I do. Adventure is a thriller and drama.
You're welcome!
Dead to the World is written by Charlaine Harris and is a Fantasy Fiction. Do you like Fantasy books?
That's a good one as well as if you're interested in other books by Janet Evanovich.
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories.
No problem, enjoy!
He directed the movie Three Kings. Are you a fan of adventure films like that one?
It is an action and adventure film. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes it stars Jamie Kennedy. Would you like to watch it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I love that book. Did you know that John Green wrote it?
I know he was born in Austin, Texas, and is in the medical community.
That came out in 2008 and is a young adult fiction.
Max Brooks is a writer and a director. He wrote the World War Z series.
I don't know what year it was released.
Sure thing! I hope you enjoy!
You're welcome!
I can recommend X-Men Origins:Wolverine, Woman in Gold, The Proposal. What type of movies do you like?
You should watch it. Ryan Reynolds starred in it as well.
You should! I hope you enjoy them!
Sure I like her book Saphurblau recently and Emil and the prius Beck
The Fellowship of the Ring has the genre Thriller. Would you like to watch that ?
Sure, have you watch The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars?
Yes, it was written by Michael Endear. He also wrote the Harry Potter series
Did you enjoy Mission Impossible because it starred Tom Cruise or because it was a Action/ Adventure movie?
Well, I don't know any other action movies, but I do know that he starred in Vanilla Sky and The Last Samurai.
Happy to help
your welcome
Great, enjoy the movie!
I think he's best friends whith Cameron Diaz from Shrek.
Yes he did and he also wrote Holden Scott
I do, I like dramas also starring Jesse Eisenberg.
Yes it was written by Ian Fleming and Ian Fleming great writers.
I think you might enjoy The Missing. It's one of my favorite spy films.
I am not sure if it is a Spy film, but the movie was directed by Richard Grant.
He is a soccer player. He plays at Manchester DC. Do you like soccer?
I believe the Team coached by Ryan Giggs, but I don't follow soccer much.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories ?
O Alquimista was released in 1988 and written by Paulo Coelho and it was released in 1988.
Yes. Onze minutos was released in 1867. It's a classic!
He starred in movies such as Turbulence, The Shawshank Redemption, The Mist and The Green Mile. Have you heard of these movies?
Yes, that's correct. Did you know she also starred in The Mists of Avalon?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Toni Kroos plays for the Germany national football team the FC Bayern Munich II.
They are a National Football League based in the Kansas City Chiefs.
I like to watch college football. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
I know that the Redskins is in the NFL but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
The invention of wings is a book written by William Nicholson.
Sure! The Last Samurai is starring Yuki Matsuzaki. Have you seen it?
Yes, she's a great actress. Did you know that she also starred in a movie called The Pink Panther?
He was also in The Perfect Score, and Don't Say A Word.
Oh, I really like Andy Garcia. He was also in the 2012 Summer Olympics, but he didn't lose a role in the same genre.
I'm always happy to help!
They're a great team but I'm not a fan of the Dallas Cowboys. Are you?
I have not seen it, but I will have to check it out, thank you for the recommendation.
I have not seen that one, I will have to check it out.
I like a lot of rom-coms. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan.
He starred in Battleship with Louis Lombardi and in The Kingdom with Jennifer Garner.
Battleship has genre Thriller. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Wonder was written by RJ Palacio. Are you familiar with this author?
R. J. Palacio also wrote The Julian chapter and Wonder. Both are released in 2014.
Yes. It was also written by Jeff VanderMeer
I'm not sure but it was released in 2014.
What else can I do for you?
I recommend X-Men Origins:Wolverine, Woman in Gold and Up in the Air.
I am not sure, but some of the other actors starred in Wild Things are Charlie Korsmo, Helena Bonham Carter, and Donna Reed.
She wrote The Scarlet Letter. Have you read it?
She also wrote The Princess and the Frog.
It is a historical novel.
It was written in 1850
Some similar books include Wildwood Dancing, When You Reach Me and Wicked Lovely.
I know a bit about Persuasion, which was written by Jane Austen and was released in 1817.
Pride and Prejudice, Persuasion, and Sense and Sensibility.
If you liked romance, you might enjoy Persuasion.
You're welcome.
Judd Hirsch starred in The Comedy and the TV show Rhoda.
Tower Heist is a comedy/mystery movie released in 1996.
Tower Heist is a drama and a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I don't know any other crime movie but I do know that he is a good actor.
She wrote оскресение
Yes, most of her books are in English. I am not sure about Russian.
No problem, I am happy to help.
Yes, it is a great book written by J.R.R. Tolkien
Yes! He starred in Troy which also starred Orlando Bloom.
Is it the book written by Kim Edwards?
I would recommend The Lake of Dreams and The Secrets of a Fire King by the same author.
Me too! What do you think of her writing?
Snow Crash is a Speculative Fiction novel written by Neal Stephenson. Do you like his work?
He starred in What's Your Number?, The Perfect Score, and The Nanny Diaries. Have you seen any of those?
Sean Connery, Adrian Petersen also starred in the film. It's a Romantic Comedy, have you seen it?
I don't have that information, but I can recommend some other movies if you like.
You're welcome.
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like to read other works by F. Scott Fitzgerald?
Yes he wrote that as well. He also wrote To Have and Have Not.
Is there anything else I can help with?
You're welcome.
Not much, I do know that he is a tennis player. Do you enjoy watching tennis?
Not really, I am more of a fan either. What sports do you like?
I don't think so, he won in the 2012 Olympics.
Running with Scissors is written by Roger Avary. He also wrote Corpse Bride.
A Wolf at the Table was released in 2007 and was written in English.
You're welcome. I'm sorry I don't have that information.
Enjoy the books!
Which genre are these books written?
It is considered a historical period drama.
J.K. Rowling wrote that book.
Wes Craven wrote My Soul to Take which starred Jessica Hecht. Have you seen it?
Yes, he also starred in My Soul to Take, where is a horror film.
I don't think so. Harris Yulin starred in The Sorcerer's Stone as well.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
Sure. Anne Rice wrote Vittorio the Vampire and Vittorio the Vampire.
Yes, she did write Frankenstein as well as Robin Wright.
I don't think so, but if you like Vittorio the Vampire I think you'd enjoy it.
Sure, have you read The Absolute Sandman, Volume One?
The Golden Compass and The Graveyard Book are both in the fantasy genre as well.
You're welcome.
I sure can! Lois Lowry wrote the Royal Tenenbaums. It is a Historical novel. Do you like those types of books?
It's considered a Speculative fiction and Science Fiction.
It was released in 1997
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like his work?
Sure, he directed Moon, Warcraft, and Source Code. Do you like any of these movies?
Moon starred Nick Cassavetes.
I'm not sure, but it is worth a watch!
Not really, I know they are coached by Mike Zimmer and Leslie Frazier did you know that?
I think the Seattle Seahawks have been having a good season this year.
O.k, I used to like the Seahawks vs. the Seahawks.
I've only seen a live game live in person before.
Sure! Do you like Indiana Jones or the Last Crusade because it is an adventure movie?
George Clooney
He also directed Apocalypse Now
The Bourne Legacy is an excellent Sci-Fi movie starring Matt Damon. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
I haven't seen the film, but he also directed The Last Temptation
I'm not sure if it's the latest one.
Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien?
Yes, J.R.R. Tolkien wrote the Hobbit and also wrote The Lord of the Rings
John Lee starred in Snow White and the Huntsman.
Hugh Jackman starred in Grimm's Tales.
He was also in The People Speak, Push, Nevada.
You're welcome.
The Lightning Thief is a young-adult-speculative fiction written by Rick Riordan. Are you a fan of this author?
I haven't read any of them, but I do know that he wrote The Lightning Thief, The Titan's Curse, The Sea of Monsters, and The Lightning Thief.
It's a fantasy book, similar to The Lightning Thief, have you read that one yet?
Glad I could help!
She starred in the 2012 film, Water for Elephants.
She wrote the sequel, The Truth About Forever, and The Moon and More. Have you read any of those?
That's a great one, also Michelle Monaghan. She's also a producer and a producer.
Inception is starring Michael Gaston. Michael Gaston starred in Sudden Death which is an action/adventure movie like Inception.
Yes, Christopher Nolan also wrote The Prestige.
For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway.
He wrote To Have and Have Not and The Sun Also Rises.
Absolutely! I hope you enjoy them!
Sure, Stefan Kapicic Starred in Deadpool a comedy and also in Deadpool a comedy. Do you like his work?
Deadpool also stars Stefan Kapicic. He is a great actor
Deadpool has genre Romance
He is a Writer
Yes, I think he's a great businessman as well.
That's amazing. I didn't know he was a musician, right?
Sure! The Fault in our Stars is written by John Green. Other books in the series are Paper Towns, Looking for Alaska, and Looking for Alaska
I do not have a book similar to The Fault in Our Stars, but it was directed by John Green and is a Young-adult fiction.
Have you read ''Looking for Alaska' or "Paper Towns' ?
This book was written by Louis Sachar. It was released in 1843 in the English language.
Enjoy!
He starred in Palo Alto and in Whatever it Takes (romantoc comedy genre)
Whatever It Takes is a comedy starring Gerard Butler and Michelle Pfeiffer and was released in 1999. Does this sound interesting to you?
It was released in 2005.
Enjoy!
I think she is most famous for The Joy Luck Club. She also wrote The Hundred Secret Senses. Have you read that book?
The Joy Luck Club is a fiction book. The Hundred Secret Senses is a novel.
I haven't read Wuthering Heights but it's a great book.
Yes I do! He starred in The Apostle. Have you seen that movie?
It starred Harrison Ford and Lukas Haas.
I don't know, but Duvall also starred in it as well.
I'm not sure, but it also starred Liam Neeson.
You're welcome!
Mark Waters directed a favorite of mine, what can I tell you about it?
Robert Downey Jr and Scarlett Johansson also starred in the film.
I am not sure, but I do know that it was a comedy.
You're welcome!
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to read other books by her?
Pride and Prejudice, Sense and Sensibility, Pride and Prejudice, and Sense and Sensibility.
She wrote White Oleander as well as Paint It Black.
I am not sure what genre of White Oleander is.
You're welcome.
Akira Kurosawa is one of my favorites! He directed Seven Samurai. Do you like his films?
I like adventure movies. You may enjoy Akira Kurosawa's series, If you like adventure movies.
Samurai starred in Seven Samurai as well as played the lead role.
Sure Takashi Shimura stars in many great movies. I suggest you add to your watch list.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is directed by Steve Kloves. Would you like to watch it?
Yes, he wrote Les Misérables didn't he?
Yes,it was a great time i think
Oh, i didn't know that Muc is written by William Shakespeare
I don't follow them all that much, I know
Once Upon a Time in the West is a western film similar to Open Range & Posse.
Shane has written a lot of movies including Jack Palance, The World's End, and The Perfect Score.
You are welcome
Sure. She wrote Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts. Have you read those?
Where the Wild Things Are is a fantasy book you might enjoy.
You're welcome.
Yes, I like Charles Dickens. He wrote the Old Curiosity Shop, Oliver Twist, and The Old Curiosity Shop.
Charles Dickens also wrote A Christmas Carol, Oliver Twist. It's a great book!
Charles Dickens wrote A Tale of Two Cities as well as A Tale of Two Cities.
That's right! It was made into a play!
Enjoy your reading!
He is a basketball player who was born in Long Beach, California.
No, I don't watch much basketball
I really like to watch football
I have not. I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
I have not seen it but I know that it was written by Francis Ford Coppola
Sure, he directed The Cosmic Battle of Mogadi. Have you seen that one?
I'm not sure, but they might be similar to Hellboy. If you liked that one, you might like The War of the Worlds.
Atlas Shrugged is a novel written by Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like books by Leonardo DiCaprio?
Yes, he wrote Wesley Snipes
I don't know, but this book was released in 1957
If I Stay is a young adult fiction book, I would recommend The Fault in Our Stars.
You can try When You Reach Me or Wicked Lovely.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Mark Osbourne directed Kung Fu Panda. Do you like animated films and shows?
Yes, he's a very talented actor. He's also a voice actor, a voice actor, a voice actor, a voice actor, a voice actor, and a musician.
He's a great actor. He also directed X-Men: Days of Future Past, X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Great! I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
Sure, there is a similar book titled, The Wonderful Story of Henry Sugar , which was released in 2001.
Sure, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
Yes, it is. Other fiction books you might enjoy are; The Painted Veil, The Deep Blue Sea, and The Way of Zen.
You are welcome, enjoy!
They are a really good basketball team, coached by Steve Kerr. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure. I'm more of a basketball fan. What about you?
Not really. I am more of a basketball fan. What about you?
I love football. My favorite team is the Lakers
I know he's a cricket player from Delhi, but I don't really know much more.
Yeah, and he is a quarterback.
That's interesting. He was also in Bridget Moynahan.
Sure, He wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read that?
The Boy in the Striped Pajamas has genre Tragicomedy.
That book was originally published in 1818, the same year that released Where The Wild Things Are.
I hope you enjoy them!
The film was directed by Tony Gilroy and Tamara Tunie played a starring role.
Denzel Washington starred in Blood In, Blood Out.
It was released in 1999
You're welcome
Divergent is in the genres Science Fiction and Dystopia. Do you like this genre?
Then you might like Wildwood Dancing or The Hunger Games.
Sure! Elle s'appelait Sarah is written by Tatiana de Rosnay. It was released in 2007 in English.
Yes, she did.
Yes, she did. She also wrote Rose in Bloom.
You're welcome.
She wrote the Childrens novel Black Beauty
Anna Sewell was a children's author from the United States.
Anything else I can help you with?
I have not heard any of them, but listened to them all in a long time. Are you a fan?
No, he does play any instruments.
I think he also played a tv show called The Voice.
Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline and was released in 2013. Do you like the author Christina Baker Kline?
Orphan Train is considered historical fiction. Do you like her work?
Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline. Do you like her work as an author?
Glad I could help.
Do you like L.A. Confidential because it is a thriller?
Charlie Korsmo as well as Danny DeVito.
I believe it's a drama
You're welcome.
Yes I do. J.J. Cohen starred in Back to the Future, which also stars Thomas F. Wilson. Have you seen it?
If you like Adventure and Sci-Fi movies you should check out World War Z. It's very funny.
CCH Pounder is an author, she wrote a lot of books. Would you like to know more about her books?
Oh, yea, he did. That was a great movie. Do you like Kevin Zegers?
As well as being a mystery, it also includes a thriller and horror genre.
No, Zodiac is another Mystery and Mystery film.
Sure, enjoy the movies!
I love Russel Wilson's work! He was great in Zookeeper. Have you seen that movie?
Yes he does. It's my favorite team!
Not really. What's your favorite team?
Sure, Hayao Miyazaki directed The Sirens of Titanic. Have you seen that?
Sure! Ponyo stars Keanu Reeves and Laurence Fishburne. It was released in 2011.
Of course, Princess Mononoke was released in 2005 and was directed by Hayao Miyazaki, who also directed Ponyo.
You're welcome.
The Bourne Identity starred Matt Damon. He also starred in Wild Bill. Have you seen that?
I like Unsolved mysteries, I think you may like The Last House on the Left. It has genres mystery and thriller.
LOL, I'm sure you'll love it!
It's a psychological thriller, I think you'll enjoy it!
Sure, I'll play it for you now!
I am! I know he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like football?
He's been to a few years ago. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys.
It would be a good day
Sure! Bruce Willis starred in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen that?
Kung Fu Hustle is another one of them. Have you seen it?
Daniel Radcliffe stars in that movie. Are you a fan of his?
I'm not sure about that, but I would like to check it out. It is quite action.
Done! Enjoy!
You're welcome.
Me too, it is a great movie produced by Clint Eastwood. Do you like Clint Eastwood movies?
Cory Hardrict starred in Warm Bodies as well as Cory Hardrict.
Cory Hardrict starred in this movie as well as Cory Hardrict.
Is there anything I can help you with?
He wrote both Radiance and Warbreaker.
The Wheel of Time is a warbreaker. Do you like Warbreaker?
It was released in 2005
You're welcome.
Do you like animated movies?
Not that I am aware of. Unfortunately i don't have that information.
I don't have that information, but Molly Shannon starred in The Princess and the Frog.
Ender's Game was written by Terry Pratchett. Do you like the author or the genre?
Yes, Orson Scott Card is a science fiction novel. He also wrote The Gate Thief.
If you enjoyed Ender's Game, you may want to try Witches Abroad or Witches Abroad.
Great, enjoy the books!
He directed the movie Three Kings. I highly recommend it.
He did star in the movie Three Kings
You are welcome
Anthony Daniels starred in The Making of Star Wars with Harrison Ford. Are you familiar with it?
Anthony Daniels starred in the most famous film Apocalypse Now. Apocalypse Now is a classic!
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome!
Forrest Gump starring Tom Hanks was an awesome movie
No, I do not have any information about any other movies like Forest Gump.
You're welcome
I liked that one a lot. I liked the original a Christmas Carol because it was a Christmas Carol. Do you like Christmas movies?
He also starred in X-Men 2. Have you seen that?
Yeah, The Black Cat is a Thriller.
Yes. I like London as well.
You're welcome.
The NFL team is owned by Jeffrey Lurie, isn't it?
Yeah, I heard they weredrafted to the National Football League as well.
I don't know much about it. I do know that Tom Brady is drafted too
I did not know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you enjoy Speculative fiction?
Yes, that is correct. The Lord of the Rings is considered speculative fiction.
Yes, it is considered children's literature and speculative fiction.
They are a pretty good team. Do you follow football much?
They were the runner ups in Super Bowl XXIV.
Maybe I'd say they're a good team. I wish I could have been a good one.
Sure, I can help with that. Is there anything I can help you with today?
Sure. I recommend Troy and The Tree of Life.
It is a great book about the United States of America. You should enjoy it.
Sure, I'll add it now. Enjoy!
Did you enjoy this movie because it was a Sci-Fi movie or because it was directed by Chris Hemsworth?
That's the only fantasy in the sci-fi series that I've seen. Would you like to watch it?
That's a good one! It stars Charlize Theron and Jason Bateman.
Charlize Theron is great! I'll add that to your watch list.
Yes, 50/50 is a Thriller starring Tom Wilkinson. Would you like to see it?
Yes that's correct. Thriller, Drama, Fantasy. Do you like any of these genres?
I don't have any more information but if you like Joseph Gordon Levitt stars in it.
True Believer is another book by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like books by Sparks?
Nicholas Sparks
The Last Song is a psychological thriller/mystery novel by Nicholas Sparks.
He is a professional football player, married to Gisele the model.
I like Wildcats. And Rudy was written by the same guy, I heard he's good.
Couples Retreat was a great movie, have you seen it?
Sure. Are you in to sci-fi movies? The Alien movies were directed by the great James Cameron.
Volcano was also released in 1979 and the Transformers also came out that same year as the Watchers. Have you seen that one?
Tommy Lee Jones is an actor in the sci-fi/action movies as well. He also starred in the Horror film Monster Inc.
Yes he was, along with Dante's Peak.
Enjoy the movies
I do. I enjoyed The Butterfly Effect and The Final Destination. I think you would enjoy them!
William Scott also starred in Wreck-It Ralph
I would recommend X-Men Origins: Wolverine. It is a thriller.
Sure, he is most well known for staring in Star Trek
Walter Koeing is a Thriller. Would you like to hear more about that?
Walter Koeing starred in The Voyage Home. Would you like to hear about other movies starring Walter Koeing?
You're welcome.
ok
Inside Man is a Thriller starring Jodi Foster. Do you like Thriller movies?
That's a good one! Some other thriller movies are Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee and Joel David Moore.
You are welcome.
Cesc Fabregas is an athlete and plays for the Spain National Football team.
Oh, I didn't know much about it. What sports do you like?
I don't know much about him either. I know he's from Spain and is a Tennis player.
I don't know much but I think they are in the NBA and owned by Jay-Z.
I don't know much about that, but I do know he is a member of the NY Giants.
I think so. Is the team coached by Mike Zimmer?
Memento is a thriller starring Kevin Spacey. If you like thriller movies you should check out The Incredibles.
The Prestige stars Hugh Jackman, Christian Bale, Michael Caine and Christian Bale. Are you interested in any of these actors?
I have not seen this movie but I know it also starred Ralph Fiennes who also wrote The Dark Knight
Calvin Harris is a well known DJ that has also wrote some songs like We Found Love, and Dance With Me.
Rita Ora is a dance pop artist. Do you like dance music?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Adam Brown was in the Harry Potter series. Are you interested in other movies starring him in?
You may enjoy the other Hobbit films as well as the Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring and the other Hobbit movies.
Ok, I will play it for you now.
Added to your Queue
OK.
He's a shooting guard for the Denver Nuggets. Do you like basketball?
Yes. I think he's definitely a good shooting guard.
Yes, you are right and i don't follow basketball too much
Harrison Ford and Shia LaBeouf starred in it. Are you a fan of any of them?
Sure, have you watch What's the Worst That Could Happen?
Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull
your welcome
Crescendo is written by Paulo Coelho and is in the genre of Speculative fiction.
She also wrote Hush Hush and Crescendo.
Some other books she wrote include Silence and Hush. Have you read them?
Sure, have you watch The Scorch Trials or The Kill Order?
Young adult fiction is starring Roald Dahl and Nicholas Turturro.
Ok, enjoy
Sure, he directed Mostly Harmless and he also directed Keeping the Faith. Have you seen any of these?
Well, it's a Romantic Comedy, would you like to watch this one?
I would highly recommend The Good Doctor or The Night After Tomorrow, as well as The Dark Knight.
Yes, he directed friends with Benefits. Justin Timberlake starred in it.
Annie stars Shelley Duvall and Oprah Winfrey
I don't have any information on any other movies he's in.
The Notebook was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Sparks in particular?
Yes, it is
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
Mark Margolis wrote the Message in the Beast.
It was written by Jeffrey Nachmanoff and it was released in 1876.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Twilight: The Complete Illustrated Movie Companion is written by Nick Cassavetes. It's a great book and also a film.
It's a book based on Twilight, written by Mark Cotta Vaz.
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like books by Julie Garwood or romance novels in general?
He wrote The Crucible.
Yes, he is a great writer. Another one of his most famous works is The Voyage of the Dawn Treader
He also wrote The Crucible, The Time Machine and The Invisible Man
No problem! I don't have any more information on that book right now.
The Denver Broncos seem like a pretty solid team on the AFC West Division this season.
They're a Super Bowl XXX. Are you a fan?
They're looking good this year. Their coach Tom Brady gets a lot of pounds right now, too.
Lolita is a romance novel written by Vladimir Vladimirovich Naboko. Have you read that one?
It is a fiction novel that was released in 1876.
I do. I hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome
No, I haven't heard of him. What is it about him?
Yes, Jessica Biel also starred in his movies too.
Yes, it's a great movie. I like Southland Tales as well.
They were written by John Tiffany
She also wrote The Casual Vacancy, The Silkworm and The Silkworm.
She also wrote The Silkworm and The Casual Vacancy.
That's a great autobiography written by Hunter S. Thompson. Do you like that genre?
Sure, it was released in 1961, the same year as Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas.
It was written by John Tiffany
There are several books that J.K. Rowling wrote including The Casual Vacancy and The Silkworm.
No, but the book is in English.
Not sure, but it is in English.
Sorry, I don't have that information.
You're very welcome.
Total Recall has a genre of Thriller, Sci-Fi and Fantasy. Do you like these genres?
Karim Benzema plays for France national football team.
Is James Harden the one who plays for the France national football team?
No I have not. Is it a TV series?
I'm not a big American TV fan but I've heard a lot about it.
No, I'm not that familiar with those.
Inception is starring Michael Gaston. Michael Gaston starred in Sudden Death which also stars Tom Berenger
Yes, you are correct. She also starred in the Harry Potter series.
Enigma was released in 1985 and was also an action film.
I hope you enjoy it.
Rob Reiner is an author he wrote This Is Spinal Tap.
If you liked that one, you should check out This is Spinal Tap.
One of my favorites is When Harry Met Sally, which was produced by Rob Reiner.
You're welcome!
Jamie Ford wrote Songs of Willow Frost. it is a Speculative Fiction novel.
I don't know. I'm not sure of the exact date.
You are welcome!
I agree, she is good. I liked her in Princess Protection Program.
I'm not sure, but I know Selena Gomez was in the film.
I'm not really sure, but Selena Gomez was also in The Ladies Man.
Do you like Michael Parks because he starred in or because it is a drama?
I am not a baseball fan but I do know that they won the World Series in 2006.
Not really. I am more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Both the Red Sox and the Red Sox are part of the National League East division.
I think he is a great golfer, do you follow golf?
He hasn't won anything that recently, but he won the 2005 PGA Championship.
That's interesting. He had a good relationship with Tiger Woods.
Hurt Locker is starring Kathryn Bigelow
Yes he did, he also starred in Thor as well.
Sorry, I don't have much information on that one.
Done. Enjoy!
The Arizona Cardinals are a professional American football franchise based in the Phoenix metropolitan area. The Cardinals compete in the National Football League as a member of the National Football League's National Football League.
No, they moved to Arizona from New York City
Not really, I'm more a fan of college football
I don't know much about him, but I do know he's a professional footballer from Barcelona.
I didn't know that, but I'm more of a fan of soccer. I think he's one of the best teams in the world!
I really like football and baseball. My favorite team is the Cowboys.
I'm sorry I don't know the genre. But I can tell you the author is Gabriel Garcia Marquez.
Other books written by Debora Smith are, Im Westen nichts Neues, and Drei Kameraden.
Yes, it is written in English.
Sure. Along Came a Spider was written by James Patterson. Do you like his books?
Yes, it is and a thriller.
Rob Zombie wrote it and it was released in 1942.
You're welcome!
Atonement is a Mystery/Crime Fiction movie written by Ian McEwan.
I'd recommend The Cuckoo's Calling. It's a classic!
If you enjoyed that, you might also enjoy The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
Sure! He starred in Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow.
If you like the Thriller, I would recommend The Blood of Olympus, and The Phantom of the Opera.
Sure, some of the actors in the film are Charlie Korsmo and Ian McKellen.
Enjoy!
I'm a Lisa See fan so I'm sure you will like it. Have you heard of it?
The Lady in the Lake is a Historical Novel.
I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
Yes, that's interesting to know that Saina Nehwal is an athlete that plays Badminton.
No, I didn't believe that!
Yes, it is. The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet Prince of Denmark is another book written by William Shakespeare.
I agree. I think you'd enjoy Romeo and Juliet, a classic!
Nope. She is a very talented player.
Sense and Sensibility was written by Jane Austen. Do you like her work?
Yes, another example of Sense and Sensibility is Sense and Sensibility.
He's great! He starred in Desperado! Have you seen it?
Anna Kournikova is a great actor.
I like dance music too. Have you seen The Incredibles?
Yes, Leonardo DiCaprio stars in the movie The Aviator. Are you familiar with his work?
Martin Scorsese also starred in The Aviator. He is a great actor.
He was also in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton!
Ok.
He's directed a lot of movies like Summer of Sam, X-Men: Days of Future Past. Do you have a favorite of those?
Yes, it stars Winona Ryder and Nick Cassavetes.
You're welcome.
She wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read either ?
It is a speculative fiction novel
I don't know about the Historian but I do know that it is in the Drama genre
Sure thing!
I don't know too much about him, I don't follow Golf too much.
yes i love golf. what is your fav player?
yes that's true. who is your fav player?
I really like Basketball. Basketball is a lot of fun to watch. My favorite team is the Lakers
Agreed. I have never been to a professional sports live.
he's a quarterback for my favorite team, what do you think?
I think they're okay. I'm more of a steelers fan.
Cam Newton. He's a great player.
Who owns the Patriots team?
I sure do! She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Elie Wiesel.
It is an autobiographical novel by Marion and was released in 1958.
Yes, The Man in Havana was written by Marion Wiesel and was released in 1958.
He starred in Vulgar, Unstoppable, and The Butterfly Effect. Have you seen any of these?
Vulgar was directed by Kevin James, he also directed Clerks. Clerks has genre Comedy. Do you like comedies?
Yes. William Scott starred in the Butterfly Effect. He also starred in The Final Destination.
You're welcome.
I know that they play in several bands including the Sound of Music, Ghost Music, and Folk music.
I think Gwyneth Paltrow is friends with Gwyneth Paltrow.
I don't know any suggestions for that, but if you like touring I can make a playlist for you.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I like them and Tom Brady and Owner Robert Kraft
No, it is not very funny
Oh, I didn't know that, I think I have heard of the Redskins.
Oh wow, he's very good! He was a great player too.
Terry George has directed Hotel Rwanda, starring Sophie Okonedo and Joaquin Phoenix. He also directed Hotel Rwanda.
He also directed Hotel Rwanda.
That movie is an Indie film.
Enjoy!
Sure! Beatrix Potter wrote The Tale of Peter Rabbit.
It was released in 2010. It has genres drama and biography.
She has a lot of professions including the Fantasy genre, Children's literature, and Drama.
You're welcome!
Sure. It was written by Hugh Jackman.
He has also starred in Wolverine. Are you familiar with his work?
Turbo is an action adventure film directed by David Benioff.
It is a romantic comedy.
That is a romantic comedy.
Alice In Wonderland is written by Tim Burton.
Lewis Carroll wrote The World According to Garp. What else can I do for you today?
Great! Anything else I can help you with today?
You're welcome.
The Incredibles is written by Brad Bird. Brad Bird starred in Ratatouille. what else can i do for you?
Then you will like The Incredibles. The Road to El Dorado is starring Bruce Willis.
I don't have that information at this time. However if you want other family friendly movies you should check out The Incredibles.
He is a basketball player, who played point guard for the Detroit Pistons
I don't know much about it, I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I don't know much about football, but my favorite team is the Broncos.
I'm more of a Pittsburgh Steelers fan.
I don't know much about the baseball team. I don't really know much about it either.
Yes I do. It is a very good movie starring Brad Pitt. Have you seen it?
I really like her song You Love Me. Do you have a favorite song of hers?
Yeah, I like her, she is very talented, isn't she?
I'm not sure, but I think I'll check her out, I really like her music.
I would prefer Heavy metal and metal.
Hot Fuzz is an action/adventure movie starring Jim Carrey. Are you interested in a particular genre?
Shooter is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Shooter was written by Stephen Hunter, and stars Morgan Freeman. Would you like to watch it?
Sure, Rum Diary Stars Anthony Hopkins and is a horror movie. Do you like the Thrillers?
You're welcome
I've not really followed him much in Golf. I do enjoy golf movies more. How about Caddyshack and Happy Gilmore?
What can you tell me about him? Did you know he is from Dallas?
I haven't played any games but I've been a fan since I watched the Superbowl for a while.
Serenity is starring Natalie Portman, Joss Whedon, and Jennifer Jason Leigh.
You're welcome. Tamara Taylor also stars in Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
You're welcome! I'm happy to help.
It is both a Mystery and Mystery film.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Michael Gondy is a writer and director. He wrote The Sorcerer's Stone.
I am not sure who starred in it but I know it was written by S.J. Abrams and Lussay.
I love them! I especially love Adam Levine. How about you?
I like their song Almost Famous, have you heard it?
Okay, I'll have to check it out, thanks for the recommendation.
He is amazing. Did you know he was in The Wiz?
I didn't know that!
Oh, I'll have to check it out.
He plays on the Argentina national football team
Manchester is a great club coached by Agatha Christie and coached by Manchester United F.C..
I don't know much about Mark Hughes, but I've heard a lot about him.
Shrek is a comedy/mystery. Do you like those types of movies?
Sure, do you like movies with Noah Huntley?
Steven Spielberg is in that movie as well. Are you familiar with him?
You're welcome.
Lea Thompson starred in The Magician King and The Wild Life.
Jean-Marc Vallee starred in Wild Life.
Lea Thompson is the main character in the Wild Life.
She is an author that wrote Silence and Hush, Hush.
She also wrote Silence and Hush, Hush
I believe it's more of a fiction book.
You're welcome
I'm not sure who directed it but it was written by Simon Beaufoy
He's also done a lot in movies such as The Simpsons and The Street Lawyer
I don't know who starred in Monsters, but David Silverman also starred in Yelling to the Sky.
You too
Gore Verbinski wrote/directed the Family film Rango. Do you like Johnny Depp?
Rango is a drama/mystery film that was released in 2003.
Yes, Rango is an action/adventure film.
Your welcome!
21 Jump street is a great adventure movie. Would you like to hear about other adventure movies like this one?
Ride along has a genre of Comedy, Adventure and Comedy.
That is what you are looking for.
I don't have any any suggestions for comedy movies. There is another one you might like, The Ladies Man, or The Ladies Man.
I do! She wrote A Little Princess, which is a great book.
I would recommend checking out The Cuckoo's Calling and The Silkworm.
I'm going to suggest The Vampire Chronicles. The Vampire Chronicles is a great book!
The Hunger Games is dystopian fiction another example of that might be Divergent
The Passage was released in 2009.
You're welcome.
She wrote Mansfield Park, and Mansfield Park. Have you heard of these books?
Mansfield Park is a musical. Do you like musicals?
Mansfield Park is a Romance novel. Do you enjoy that genre?
I believe that the genre is murder mystery.
I have never seen the movie Murder on the Orient Express. Would you like to know more about it?
Victor Hugo wrote Les Miserables. Did you know he is also an athlete?
These books fall into the Thriller/Horror.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Les visiteurs and Amélie are good ones. Have you seen these?
Amelie has been in a few movies. She acted in a lot of movies including The Legend of Zorro and Fifth Element.
Sure. Jean-Pierre Jeunet also wrote The Princess and the Frog.
I don't know any of his recent album, but I do know he is friends with Bryan Singer. Isn't he a musician?
I think so, he's a really good singer.
He is with the United States of America and has won a Grammys for his first record.
Marlon Brando starred in the action film The Young Lions. Have you seen that one?
Viva Zapata starred in a lot of movies, including The Young Lions. He also starred in The Champion of the World.
I'd like to watch it. Viva Zapata also starred in Ace Ventura which is drama.
I do, he's a basketball player right?
Not really. I am more of a basketball fan though. How about you?
Yes, he won NBA All-Rookie Team in 2017.
He won the NBA All-Rookie Team
Mervryn Peake is a screenwriter and author, she wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and was influenced by Michael Jeter.
Yes it was. It was the original tale.
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
Sure, he wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that one?
Simon Beaufoy also starred in Machine Gun Gun.
Yes she was, another actor in the movie was Ian McKellen
Enjoy your movie time!
Drinking Dawn is a good one! It was released in 2004.
I don't know much about that, but I saw it in 2005. Would you like to hear more about it?
I think he was a voice actor and a comedian. He's also a producer and a musician.
Ok. I will send it to your computer now.
I do not know anything else about it. It was released in 2002
Sure, have you watch Inception or Batman Begins?
I'm sorry I don't have anything in that genre.
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
I do not have that information but i do know it was rated R.
I hope you enjoy it.
The complete Anne of green gables, blue castle and the Rilla of Ingleside. Want to know more?
It was released in 1876.
The Shadow Rising was also released in 1926, have you read that one?
He was in The Warrior's Way, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Ghostbusters.
Then you might enjoy The Warrior's Way, The Manchurian Candidate or The Manchurian Candidate.
In addition to Christopher Meloni, he stars in Rodanthe. He's also an amazing actor.
You're welcome!
I'm not sure who wrote it but it was written by Stephen King.
Yes, that is correct. He also wrote King Kong as well.
I like horror. I think you will enjoy a great movie called The Mist or The Lawnmower Man.
You're welcome!
He is the composer of Who's That Chick and Where Them Girls At. Have you heard those songs?
I do like his music. Did you know he has a record label that he is from France?
I like all of his music. What's your favorite artist?
Oh that's great. He's a great singer, song writer, singer, and film producer.
The Interview was written by Cyrus Norwrasteh which also directed The Young Messiah.
Sure, it is a psychological thriller and action film.
Great, hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome have a great day
It is a comedy starring Seth Rogen. Do you like comedies?
I'm not sure of the exact date. But I know Judd Apatow wrote Knocked Up too. Would you like to watch that movie?
X-Men Apocalypse was also in that movie.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about Paul Pogba. I know he plays for the France national football team
Yes that's true, they were the runner up in that 2009 - 2010 - 2012 - 2012 - 2012 - 2012 - 2012
I do not really know much about American football but my team is American football.
I don't know much about him, but I heard he is a good player
I'm not very familiar with him, but I know he was in Animal Kingdom: Let it Be.
It is a drama
I'm not sure about that, I don't have any information on that, sorry.
Sue Monk Kidd wrote The Return of the King. Do you like her work?
I do not have that information but did you know that Thomas Lennon is an author as well?
Yes, he is in the US.
Are you referring to The Poisonwood Bible?
It is a Historical novel like The Poisonwood Bible.
Zoe's Tale is a science fiction novel released in 1985.
You're welcome.
I love her music. I really like her in Camp Rock and Princess Protection Program. What about you?
Yes, he did. Would you like me to add it to your playlist?
I didn't know that, but I've seen Ashton Kutcher? I think he's a great actor.
Dead to the World was written by Charlaine Harris who also wrote The Southern Vampire Mysteries.
Then I recommend Dead to the World. It is fiction.
Sure! It was written by Charlaine Harris and is in the Crime genre. It was released in 1991.
You're very welcome!
Sure, do you like action films?
Skyfall is a fantasy movie. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Colin Firth is the starring in Skyfall
I'm sure you'll enjoy it
I don't follow football much, but I know they were the runner-up team for Super Bowl XI
Oh, I didn't know that. Who is your favorite player?
They were the runner ups in Super Bowl XXXI.
Yes, the movie stars Stephen Baldwin, Kevin Spacey, and Peter Greene. Do you like movies with those actors?
I do like thrillers. Shark Night is also a thriller
I have not seen that one, is it a drama?
I do like hip hop.
I like rock. I'm more of a classic classics fan.
Yes and Unfinished Business was released the same year.
Yes, it was written by John Green. Are you interested in other books by him?
I haven't read that one. I heard it was excellent.
You are welcome.
From what I can see TRON Legacy is an action film, starring Cameron Diaz. Do you like action films?
Olivia Wilde also starred in X-Men 2 and in Your Highness
I like Working Girl too, would you like to know other films he was in
Not a problem
Sure! He wrote Teacher Man. Have you read it?
It's sports. But, as a matter of fact, I'm not a sports fan. The Dodgers are a great team, too.
I'm sure there was a lot of fun to visit, especially if I can help you with anything else.
No problem!
21 Jump Street stars Channing Tatum. Do you enjoy Thrillers?
Channing Tatum also starred in Magic Mike.
I don't know when it came out. Would you like to watch it?
You're welcome
Yes, I do. The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books. The next in the series is The Marvelous Land of Oz.
I love her! She has a wonderful voice. She is very talented. She has a wonderful voice. Did you know she is friends with Britney Spears?
Yes, she is a great voice actor. She also starred in Smurfs, which is also a great comedy.
Oh, I love that show. She is a great singer and actress.
I don't know what that name, but it was released in 2005
I'm sure you'll like it
That was written by J.R.R Tolkien.
The next book in the series is Lord of the Rings.
The Rock was released in 1996. Movies similiar to The Rock is Eagle Eye, and Wild side.
Shark Night is a drama and stars Kyla Pratt. Do you like her movies?
You're correct. He's a great actor.
James Rodriguez is an American professional footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich and is a midfielder.
Not really. I am more of a fan of the Buffalo Bills. How about you?
He plays midfielder
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
Some other great sci-fi movies are Zoom, Zathura: A Space Adventure, and The Matrix Revolutions.
You're welcome
Harold Ramis wrote Groundhog Day which stars Bill Murray, have you seen it?
It stars Willie Garson and Michael Shannon.
I am not sure. I would say romance, because Harold Ramis is in it.
Kuriyama starred in quite a few films including Kill Bill Vol. 1 and The Sky Crawlers.
I'm not sure about the release date. Do you like horror films?
I don't show any other films in the genre, but I do see it was directed by Peter Kosminsky.
I don't see any other films in the series, but I'm not showing any other films she starred in. Are you interested in any other horror films?
I'll play it for you. Would you like to know anything else?
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the series The Oz books. The next in the series is The Marvelous Land of Oz.
There is The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor. The Golden Compass by Frank Beddor.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy!
I'm a big fan! I like Tik Tok and Die Young. What about you?
I haven't heard any of her music, but I can't listen to much 'electronic dance music too, what about you?
I didn't know she's from Nashville, isn't she?
In Cold Blood was written by Truman Capote. He also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's. Have you read it?
I'm not sure about that, but I know it was starred by Truman Capote.
I don't know any more about that, but I do know it was adapted into a film starring Tony Goldwyn
I don't know much about him, but I know he was born in Nagpur.
Steve Jobs is an American director, producer, and director. Two of the most popular movies he made in the Premiere League of America.
It is a drama. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome.
It's a personal favorite.
I'm sorry I don't have any information on another movie he made.
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now.
He wrote The Wimpy Kid and The Wimpy Kid.
The Ugly Truth is an interesting book he wrote. Have you read this one?
I don't know what year that released
Your welcome
I don't know much about basketball but I do know he's a point guard for the Minnesota Vikings.
I don't know if I'm familiar with his work. But, I know he's a Point Guard.
I'm pretty sure. I don't know much about it. I apologize.
They're a great baseball team but I'm more a Mets fan. Are you a Mets fan?
Do you know if that is their home venue for the Mets?
I like the Red Sox. What is your favorite team?
He is a good soccer player, do you follow soccer?
I agree! He's from Guadalajara.
Oh, I'm really into family movies.
Would you prefer a romance movie or action movie by him?
It is a fantasy movie. You might also like The Scorpion King or The Mummy Returns.
Sure, you might like The Scorpion King or The Legend of Tarzan.
I'm going to add that one to my watch list.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Trainspotting is in the genre of Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You may enjoy the Indie Film, The Long Kiss Goodnight, or The House of Mirth. Do any of those sound interesting?
It is an Indie Film that also starred William Windom and Rebecca Hall. Have you seen this one yet?
I do! It is a really good movie starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to hear more movies starring Tom Cruise?
Sure, you might enjoy the latest Avengers: Age of Ultron or World War Z.
Pound of Flesh is a great movie. It stars John Grisham and Josh Brolin.
I'm happy to help.
Sure. He wrote Untamed: A House of Night Novel, Redeemed, Tempted, and Revealed.
Not that I am aware of but if you like young adult fiction you may enjoy Xenocide, Wolf Brother, and Wicked.
I'm not sure what you mean by it, but it is part of a series.
You might enjoy Untamed: A House of Night Novel by P.C. Cast.
Enjoy your reading!
Sure! For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway. Are you looking for more books by this author or genre?
It's a romance novel.
To Have and Have Not is definitely a Romance. Perhaps you should check out The House of Mirth or The Beach then.
You're welcome.
They are ok, I really like their coach Tom Brady though. Who is your favorite player?
I'm not a huge football fan but I think they'll play it in Super Bowl XLI
He's one of my favorites! I like his wife, Joaquin Phoenix. Do you know her?
The Town was directed by Ben Affleck. Are you a fan of his?
It was a great movie. It starred Jada Pinkett Smith, Jeff Bridges, and Jeff Bridges.
I do not know who directed it.
Okay.
Sure, have you watch A Bug's Life?
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is a great Sci-fi movie.
It is a great movie starring Nick Cassavetes, Charlie Cox and John Ratzenberger.
I don't know anything else he directed but he also directed Friends with Benefits. Have you seen it?
I think Katy Perry is a great singer and I also like her song The Killing. Are you a fan of hers?
That's right, I did not know that. Wasn't that the Greek one?
Oh yes, I do like him. He's a great actor.
Starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn, what do you like about it?
I like him in 10 Days! Did you know he starred in The Pacifier?
Yes, that was a great movie I like too. You should check it out.
Oh yes, I love Meryl Streep movies. It was a fashion movie and fashion movie. Do you like fashion movies?
Sure, do you like romantic comedies?
I do recommend that he is great.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
X-Men: Days of Future Past is a sci-fi/adventure film.
You might enjoy The Looking Glass Wars, The Golden Compass or The Chronicles of Narnia.
Jennifer Lawrence is the lead in that film as Wolverine.
You're welcome.
Thomas E Connolly wrote The Road to El Dorado. This is a satire.
Thomas E. Connolly wrote The Scarlet Letter, it has genre Historical novel.
You're welcome.
Into the Wild is written and directed by Sean Penn. Do you like Sean Penn?
Yes, he is a writer and an Actor. He wrote The Pledge too. Would you like to see it?
You're welcome!
I do. It stars Johnny Depp and is a great movie. Do you like the starring Roald Dahl?
Sure, I would recommend Wizard's First Rule then. It is an excellent children's fantasy.
You're welcome.
Robin Hobb wrote The Mad Ship and The Golden Fool.
Robin Hobb wrote The Dragon Keeper's Daughter and Witches Abroad.
Sure, have you read The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars?
You are welcome!
Yes, he wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Importance of Being Earnest.
Yes, it is. Dorian Gray is considered a historical fiction as well.
I know it was released in 1969.
Great!
Yes! It was written by Sarah J Maas and was released in 2012. If you like Throne of Glass, you might also enjoy The Assassin and the Desert.
Yes, the movie was released in 2014. Would you like me to add it to your watch list?
Sure, you can try The Assassin and the Desert or The Assassin and the Desert
You're welcome!
Sure, some movies she's been in a Pride and Prejudice and King's Speech.
Yes, Mark Boal wrote City of Words.
I agree. She is also in The Republic of Love and Silver Linings Playbook.
I think he is one of the best players in the Colombia national football team.
I don't know much about him either. What sport do you like?
Ah, yes Shakira is from Columbian :)
Sure, do you like the starring Roald Dahl or the genre?
He also wrote James and the Giant Peach.
You're welcome!
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who is yours?
I like football a lot. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
I know they are a football team - like the 49ers.
I'm not really a fan of soccer but I do enjoy watching a lot of games like the Washington Redskins. Do you?
I really like football and baseball. I'm a big fan of either of those. What do you like?
That's right. He was a great coach.
Stephen R. Covey wrote The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People and it's in the self-help genre. Are you interested in reading either?
He wrote The Continuing Drama of Those Left Behind and Into the Wild. Have you read any of these?
Into the Wild was also released that year
Great, hope you enjoy the book!
Sure! It was written by Guillermo del Toro and is a fantasy adventure movie. Do you enjoy those types of movies?
Yes, Charlie and the Choocolate Factory is a family movie and it has a lot of action/adventure genres.
Do you like the Pirates of the Caribbean because of the World's End?
Do you have any other questions about the Pirates of the Caribbean movies?
Yes, that was written by Lawrence Hauben starring Scatman Crothers. Would you like to read it?
He also directed a drama called The Manchurian Candidate that you might enjoy.
That is a great one. Milo Forman directed quite a few.
Well, if you like historical period dramas you'll enjoy The House of Mirth and Lolita.
You're very welcome!
Yes, she wrote Lauren Oliver's work. She also wrote To Have and Have Not.
It's a young-adult romance novel, do you like that genre?
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, he starred with John Lennon. Have you seen it?
That is true. Did you know the Tambourine McPhee was a musician?
Yes, he is a musician like the Velvet Underground
I believe he plays for the Boston Red Sox
He was so talented. Who is your favorite player?
No, I do not know.
If you liked that one, you might enjoy The Manchurian Candidate or The Manchurian Candidate.
Zodiac is a sci fi movie you might enjoy
It stars Jason Bateman and Liam Neeson
Glad to be of help
Sure, he's a great actor. He starred in Harsh Times, it's an action film.
Yes, he was also in Count Dracula.
The film was directed by Christian Bale and stars Hugh Jackman and Christian Bale. It is considered a drama.
You're welcome.
The Red Pyramid was written by Rick Riordan. Would you like to know more about it?
The Throne of Fire
the throne
He's a professional footballer who plays as a forward for French club Barcelona and the Argentina national team.
I know a little bit about soccer, but I don't follow much so don't know much either.
I like the Dallas Cowboys, they're a great team.
He wrote There's Something About Mary and The Silence of the Lambs. Do you like Speculative fiction?
yes it was in the English language
What did you think about the book?
What a great book too!
I am not a huge basketball fan but I do know that Leslie Alexander is the owner of it.
I watched a lot of basketball but I don't follow the sport. What sports do you like?
I don't know much about them anymore. I know they're in the AFC South division, and I'm not a basketball fan.
I see he wrote Candide. He wrote Candide.
I don't have that information right now, but if you like musical theaters you might also enjoy the album The Passion of the Christ.
I do. I would highly recommend The Piano Teacher. It's a classic!
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like the author Ernest H. Shepard or just children's literature?
He also wrote When We Were Very Young, another great children's book.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about him except he's a soccer midfielder. Do you?
Yes, and he plays for the Manchester United F.C.
Yup, thats where the game is right.
Real Madrid C.F is a soccer team coached by Fernando Hierro.
Real Madrid C.F is currently playing for the Spain national team.
I like football a lot, but my favorite team is the Lakers
Are you a Kate Winslet fan?
You might enjoy The Looking Glass Wars, or The Golden Compass.
Sure, you may also like the book Vergiant written by Veronica Roth, it is a fantasy.
Pulp Fiction was released in 1994 and is in the genre of Thriller. Would you be interested in that ?
John Travolta also starred in Confederacy of Dunces.
Sure! Enjoy!
He is a soccer player from Argentina. Do you like soccer?
It is a children's novel.
Not sure. However, Marina was released the same year as The Return of the King
I'm not sure.
The version was released in 2005 in English.
No problem
Not really, I am more of a baseball fan. What about the Mets do you like?
They did! They are in the National League East, which is one of my favorites.
Of course! The Mets are the current coach for the Mets.
I think they are a pretty good team. Do you follow football much?
He's a quarterback for the Seattle Seahawks. But, I'm not a big football fan.
I don't know much about any any other players.
Sure, Tuesdays with Morrie has genres Memoir, memoir and romance.
Yes, she wrote The Witch of Blackbird Pond and The Phantom Tollbooth.
Sure, she has written a lot of books such as The Witch of Blackbird Pond and The Giver. Are you aware of these?
Oh that's great. I haven't seen that movie, what is it about?
Yes he is! He is also a writer and an Artist.
Sure this was Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented is written by Tim Dolin. It was released in 1891.
He was an author who wrote the Picture of Dorian Gray, in 1891. Are you interested in his work?
It was released in 1891.
It was released in 1891.
He was in Animal Kingdom: Let's go Ape
Hugh Jackman starred in it. Did you know he was also in She Hate Me?
You are welcome!
Sure! She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amélie. Have you seen those?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Isabelle also starred in Machine Gun McCain.
Yes, it is in the English language.
No problem! I hope you enjoy the movie.
I know he won the 2012 PGA Championship. I remember when he was with Caroline Wozniacki.
Not really, but I've heard he's from Northern Ireland. That's a beautiful country.
Yup, I think he composed a lot of music but I'm not too familiar with his music.
Sure, Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back and Wild Bill.
It is an action/adventure movie. Do you like that genre?
Great! The Island of Dr. Moreau has the genre Adventure, if you like adventure films.
Okay, enjoy your day!
District 9 was written by Terri Tatchell and Neill Blomkamp, and starred Sharlto Copley.
Then you might like Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee
The Neon Demon stars in a thriller called Shark Night, which is also a thriller.
You're welcome. I'm happy to help.
I do, she is a very talented singer. She sings a Thousands years, very popular song.
Wow! I didn't know that! What kind of music do you like?
I like a lot of different types of music like Taylor Swift, Taylor Swift, and Larry O'Brien
I'm not sure about that, but I think they're pretty old.
Sure. The Dragonfly in Amber is written by Diana Gabaldon. It is also a romance novel and was released in 1992.
Sure, you'll like The Lion, The Witch and the Wardrobe. Are you interested in any of these books?
Sure! He's a great author. Some of his most famous works include; The Magician's Land, The Magician's Land, and The Tree of Life.
You're welcome!
Todd Phillips wrote The Hangover Part II and Old School, have you read those?
Have you seen Hangover Part II?
I have not seen Old School . it has genre Historical period drama
I can't think of any. Is it the sport you enjoy?
I have not really followed it but since Hans Christian Andersen is one of the stars in it.
I haven't read that yet. I know Hans Christian Andersen also wrote The Nightingale, which is a great read.
She did! That's another short story, yes. I hope you enjoy it.
I hope you enjoy it!
He wrote II Principe didn't he?
I am not sure but I know it was in Spanish
Would you like me to add it to your reading list?
There are so many great books to read
Up was written by Walt Disney. It's a family movie and a comedy.
I don't have any information on what she wrote, but I can tell you more about the movie Wyrd Sisters.
It is a drama
I recommend World's End & WALL-E which are Family movies
You're welcome
They play in the National Basketball League, have you heard of them?
The Houston Rockets won the world series in 1994
I don't know much about Hardaway but I do know he was drafted by the Houston Rockets
Yes, Renaldo Balkman is very good
The Gunslinger is a great book! It was written by Stephen King and released in 1982. Would you like more books by that author?
That's a great book. It was released in 1969.
You're welcome.
Shaft and Maximum Risk are excellent movies starring Zach Grenier from Fight Club.
That movie has the genre Thriller, Mystery, Drama, and Action.
I'm not sure what production company.
I think that the Cleveland Browns are one of the best teams in the AFC North division.
What's your favorite team? Can't say I'm more of a fan of the National Football League.
What's your favorite team? Randy Lerner is the owner of the Houston Texans.
Oh, I was not a big fan of the Browns.
He wrote  [Z no shmetsu].
He wrote Welcome to the Monkey house and The Rescue.
I'm not sure but it was released in 2005
I am not sure but he also wrote the book
Don't mention it
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre in memoir.
I believe it is a book to read. It was released in 1997.
Sure. Saulius Dagys wrote the book and he also wrote A Children's Literature.
Your welcome.
Sure! Transformers is an Action/Adventure movie similar to Transformers.
Predators was a Sci-Fi movie before, and also starred Al Pacino.
Okay. I'll have to check this out
Insurgent was written by Veronica Roth and it was released in 2012.
You're welcome
I've never read the book, but I know it was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995. Do you like the author or the genre?
He also wrote Where the Heart Is.
Yes. He also wrote All the Real Girls and The Honk and Holler Opening Soon.
OK. Goodbye
Nathan Lane starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton have you seen it?
Are you looking for any other movies starring Topher Grace?
Yes, it is! It also stars Sex and the City, which is a great family movie!
I'm not sure, but yes! He was in Too Big to Fail, which is a classic!
He also starred in the Cat in the Hat, which is a very good film!
Sure, F. Murray Abraham wrote Thir13en Ghosts, and The Grand Budapest Hotel.
He starred in The Truman Show. It is a thriller, crime genre.
I cannot find a science fiction movie.
Avengers: Age of Ultron stars Scarlett Johansson. You might also like Scarlett Johansson.
I am not sure, but it is a science fiction movie.
Happy to help
I do! He is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
I really like soccer, but my favorite team is the Washington Redskins. How about you?
My favorite team is the Washington Redskins
I don't know much about them now but I do know they won the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Did you know they won the Super Bowl XXX?
I like the Patriots. Who are your favorite teams?
If you liked Outlander, I would recommend The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas.
If you liked Outlander, you might also enjoy The Scottish Prisoner or The Fiery Cross. These books are highly recommended.
Xenocide is the only other Sci-Fi I have at this time of year.
You're welcome!
I heard it's written by Harper Lee but I never read the book yet.
Oh ok I didn't know she was an author but did you know that she also wrote a book called Go Set a Watchman?
I couldn't find any more. But if you like Drama you may want to check out The Confessions of Charlotte Doyle
You're welcome
They are a soccer team, do you like soccer?
Well, I know he's a great player but I don't know much about him. What sport do you like?
He's a musician, musician, and film producer.
Sure, One for the Money is a book written by Kirsten Smith. Are you interested in more books by her or other books in the same genre?
Sure, it was written by Princess Diaries
Yes, Stephenie Meyer wrote The Twilight and The Chemist.
Yes, it is part of the series. There are other books in that series including The Twilight
Sure, You are welcome.
Inside Out is a Thriller starring Spike Jonze. Do you like Spike Jonze?
Well, she also starred in "Wreck-It Ralph"! She also wrote "Anchorman."
This is the End is a comedy-drama if you like comedies!
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Great, have a good day!
Well, he starred in I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With, which also starred Amy Sedaris. Do you like her work?
Yep, she also starred in The Wedding Crashers and The Painted Veil.
That is correct! She has also starred in The Sarah Silverman Show. Have you seen that one?
My apologies. I am unsure of his latest movie but have you seen A Beautiful Mind?
Well, Ron Howard directed the movie The Missing. Would you like to check it out?
Well, he's also directed A Beautiful Mind which was released in 2015.
Well, it appears that he directed it right?
Mr & Mrs Smith is written by Simon Kinberg and stars Vince Vaughn and Stephanie March. Are you interested in movies with those actors or writer ?
Brad Pitt also starred in Troy, which is another good one. Have you seen it?
Sure! Donnie Darko is a Thriller written by Richard Kelly. The movie stars Seth Rogen. Do you like Thriller movies?
Yes, he did write the Box which is a drama. Do you like Drama movies?
Yes, The Box is a thriller.
You may enjoy The Golden Compass or The Fall if you like Fantasy.
Glad I could help. Enjoy the movie!
Throne of Glass is written by Michael Fassbender. Michael Fassbender also wrote The Assassin and the Desert
I'm not sure about the genre. I do know that Sarah J Maas wrote The Assassin and the Desert
I'd recommend The Assassin and the Desert.
Sure. That was a great movie. It's a Sci-Fi Thriller. Similar movies like The Maze Runner or The Beast.
Sure, Gothika is a drama/mystery movie that was released in 2002. It also stars Anthony Hopkins.
I hope you enjoy the movie!
Yes, Beatrice Sparks wrote Go Ask Alice.
Go Ask Alice is a drama. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome. I'm happy to help.
Sure! Do you enjoy movies with Sandra Bullock in it or a thriller genre?
She has also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
All About Steve has the genre of Thriller, Drama, Comedy and Action.
Your welcome enjoy
Are you referring to John Green's other works written by John Green?
Sure, he wrote The Fault in Our Stars, Paper Towns, and Looking for Alaska. Are you interested in any of these?
It is a mystery book.
You are welcome
If you are a fan of Outlander, you might like The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas.
That was released in 2009.
That is a fantasy novel.
Eleanor & Park is a great book by Rainbow Rowell. Are you interested in hearing abiout similar books?
Yes, would you like recommendations for other books by the same author?
Lola is a romance and drama
Your welcome
Yes, Rich Moore wrote Wreck-It Ralph. Have you read it?
Yes, he did. He also starred in the movie. He was also in Rear Window which is another really good movie.
If you enjoy family movies, you might also enjoy The Wreck-It Ralph.
I do! She's a Danish tennis player, right?
I like Serena better than Venus. Did you see her in the London 2012 Summer Olympics?
I'm pretty sure its a great show and it's a comedy.
Sure, Apocalypse Now is a good one. Have you seen it?
Sure, some of the actors in the Watchmen are Nicholas Turturro, Scarlett Johansson, Stephen McEveett and Julia Roberts.
Sure, it is a drama, also a comedy. Watchmen is a thriller.
Sure, if you're looking for movies like the Watchmen I can recommend You've Been Warned and The Mists of Avalon.
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing, The Diviners and Rebel Angels, are you a fan?
Okay, then you'll like The Witch of Blackbird Pond. It's part of a series.
Yes, it is a series, the next in the series is called The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
Sure, you'll like The Golden Compass or The Fall if you haven't read them yet.
Sure, enjoy your reading!
Rebecca was written by Daphne du Maurie.
I'm not sure, but I know it was released in 1938.
No. I'm sorry I don't have that information.
No problem, I'm happy to help. Enjoy!
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football franchise based in Denver Broncos. Are you a fan?
Case Keenum was a quarterback and a head coach, John Fox, who was a quarterback for the New England Patriots.
Kevin Costner is their coach. The Patriots are a good team though.
I enjoy basketball. My favorite team is the Broncos.
He's a great basketball player too. He's my favorite!
He plays for the Spain national football team. Do you like soccer?
He is a player on Spain national football team. He's a midfielder.
Yep! He is the home stadium in the home venue.
That's a great book by Madeleine L'Engle. Did you know it is part of a series? The next book in the series is A Game of Thrones.
It is also a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Great. I would recommend Xenocide if you like science fiction.
You are correct. It was also written by Robert O'Brien.
I like his music a lot, but I like more Adele, how about you?
I like the song Love It. What is your favorite song of him?
I haven't but I've heard a lot about it. Is that a genre you enjoy?
You may enjoy The Phantom Tollbooth. It is a speculative fiction novel and was co-written by George Spafford.
The Phantom Tollbooth is fantasy novel and was released in 1994.
Great! Would you like to know more about the book?
Great, I am happy to help.
I know he was born in Atlanta but plays quarterback for the Carolina Panthers.
The Wildcats are a professional American football team based in Chicago, Illinois
Do you like Woody Harrelson?
Sure, Jean-Pierre Jeunet wrote Micmacs.
Micmacs is an action/adventure film.
I'm not sure who stars in Zulu. I do not know who stars in Zulu.
Enjoy!
Sure, it's written by Jay Asher and the genre is young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
He has also written The Future of Us.
That's a great one for you, it's a great one for you.
I'm not sure of the exact date. It was released in 2007.
Absolutely! Emma is written by Emma McLaughlin and is in the Speculative genre.
Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility are one of her most popular novels. Have you read those?
I don't know when it was released.
Ok I'm glad I could help.
Sure, he wrote Michael Clayton.
I would recommend The X-Men, The Secret Life of Beedle the Bard.
It starred Joe Morton and was written by John Grisham. Would you like to know more about the movie?
I'll add it to your watch list.
