Sure, do you like action films?
It was a great movie, have you seen The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smog, and The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey?
Death Wish has a genre of Fantasy and Action. Do you like either of those actors?
Yes, the Hitman's Bodyguard starred Hugh Jackman, The Painted Veil, and more. Have you seen any of those?
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans which is fiction.
She wrote The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian. Have you heard of it?
It was released in 2012 and genre is historical fiction.
You're welcome
There's Something About Mary stars Robin Williams and was written by Bobby Farrelly. Are you a fan of those actors?
She has been in lots of things, including There's Something About Mary, Teri Garrin's Angels's Something about Mary, and Over Her Dead Body
No. I'm sorry I don't. Do you like the actors?
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen and was released in 2013.
no, she also wrote What Happened to Goodbye and This Lullaby
yes she did and she also wrote What Happened to Goodbye, have you read it?
you are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Well, Don Cheadle starred in The Guard. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, The Guard is considered a thriller and action film. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes, Don Cheadle starred in The Guard. Did you know he also starred in Talk to Me, which also starred Don Cheadle?
Great, hope you enjoy it!
I don't know a whole lot, I know he plays cricket, but that's about it, I don't watch much.
He is currently playing for the Mumbai Indians, but is he currently plays for the Mumbai Indians.
I don't know that, I don't really know any other players. Is he a cricket player?
Yes, he directed a lot of great films, including Kiss of the Dragon, The Sandman: Season of Mists, and The Sandman: Endless Nights. Are you interested in any of those?
Yes, it was written by Paula Hawkins and was released in 2011.
Its a great movie!
You're welcome!
He is a pretty good basketball player, but I think he's the best in the league right now.
Yes, he's a good basketball player, but I don't know much about him. What team do you like?
I don't watch much football, I like Basketball. What sports do you like?
That's interesting. I'll have to check him out. Did you know he's from San Francisco?
I like a lot of American Football. I'm more of a baseball fan.
Hot Fuzz is a black comedy and parody film. Are you interested in black films or comedy?
Yes, you are correct! He was also in Shaun of the Dead. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, it was released in 2004.
Sure, no problem!
He was in Count Dracula, Wild Bill, and The Swan Thieves
He also starred in a Romance film called Waiting Room. Have you seen it yet?
You're very welcome! Hope you enjoy it.
Yes, it stars Spike Jonze and Sean Penn. Do you like them?
Yes, I like thrillers. Sean Penn did Shark Night is starring Katharine McPhee, and Joshua Leonard.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Will do. I hope you enjoy it!
No problem. Enjoy!
The only thing I know about him is that he directed the movie This Means War. Have you seen it?
It was written by Meg Cabot. Did you know it was also made into a movie?
Keanu Reeves starred in this movie. Would you like more information about one of these actors?
Do you need more recommendations?
Yes, it is a horror film and yes, most of the actors are in it.
You're welcome.
Yes, it was written by Thomas Christen do you like him?
It's a great, I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
He directed The Hunted, The French Collection, and The Exorcist just to name a few. Have you seen any of those?
The Hunted is a Romance starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more?
The Devil and Father Amorth is a Thriller/Fantasy movie starring Kurt Russell and Josh Brolin
The Great Gatsby is a novel and The Chosen and The Affair are similar.
Then you might like Tender is the Night. That's also fiction.
It was written byurgeon B. D. Salinger. Are you a fan of his?
Well, The clockwork princess was written by Cassandra Clare, would you like me to recommend other books by her?
She wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and Inferno to name a few. They are both adventure books.
Of course, I'll add it to your reading list.
You're welcome!
Two of my favorite actors were in Unforgiven, Derek Jacobi and Jennifer Jason Leigh.
Morgan Freeman has directed a lot of movies such as X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class
If you like Morgan Freeman, you should check out Blade Runner. It's a classic.
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Hunger Games. Have you seen it yet?
Yes, he starred in The Hunger Games: Catching Fire and Mockingjay.
I hope you enjoy it!
She starred in Who's That Girl and Fast Times at Ridgemont High.
I'm not sure about her newer music but I know she was married to Sean Connery. I guess he recorded a song a while ago.
Yes, he did. He also starred in Snoop Dogg, which is a comedy. You might like it.
I'm not very familiar with him. Is he a cricket player?
Yes, he did play for Chennai Super Kings. Are you a fan?
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
Sure, Amy Poehler wrote Yes Please have you heard of this one?
sorry i do not have that information. what else can i answer for you today?
Lorne Michaels starred in Mean Girls. what else can i answer for you today?
Tina Fey has written many books including Mean Girls. Would you like to know some of Tina Fey's novels?
Sure, Arsenal is a pro soccer team in England. They play in the Premier League.
I love the San Diego Dodgers! They are owned by Magic Johnson, and I used to be a part of the Dodgers.
The Washington Redskins is my favorite team!
Jonathan Levine directed The Wackness starring Jane Adems
Jane Adams also starred in Film Executive Produced: Robert De Niro.
Yes it was released in 2014.
You're welcome
He is a good actor. He starred in Taken 2 and Taken 2. Have you seen those?
Taken 3 stars Neeson Neeson and he also starred in Taken 3.
Yes it is. Liam Neeson also starred in Taken 3. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Enjoy!
I am not a Packers fan but I do know that they are having a good season this year!
I am not sure if it's overrated so I don't know any other players.
They have a good season this year, don't you think?
Iron Man 2 or anything written by Stan Lee like the Avengers. Do either of those interest you?
I do, he starred in The Wolverine which is a good movie. Do you like dramas?
He is a great actor. Do you like his movies? If so, I would recommend The Lion, The Witch, or The Wardrobe.
George Clooney also wrote The Perfect Storm which is a really good film as well.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
The author of Odd Thomas is Dean Koontz who writes a lot of thrillers. Do you enjoy that genre?
It was written by Terry Pratchett. It was also turned into a movie.
The Lady in the Lake was also written by Jonathan Kellerman. Have you read it?
Have you seen The Man in the Iron Mask or Rob Roy?
Have you seen The Man in the Iron Mask or Rob Roy?
You're welcome
I think he's a great singer/songwriter. Did you know he has also starred in a few movies?
I haven't heard much of her music since I do not know much about country music. Do you like country music?
That's a good one! Do you like Indie Films?
Of course, Something Borrowed was written by Shel Silverstein and is a Romance Novel. Would you like to know more about this author?
Yes, it was released 2012, the same year that The Sting and The Rocketeer was released.
I like thrillers. Emily Griffin also wrote The Road to El Dorado.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Judd Apatow wrote a lot of movies like This is 40 , This is 40 , This is 40 , Superman Returns and The Island of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde are some of those. Have you heard of any of those?
Groundhog Day was written by Hel Silverstein and produced by Jodi Picoult
Yes he did and he was also in Groundhog Day. I highly recommend that movie.
He also wrote Year One, which is a comedy-drama. Do you like comedies?
Sure, i don't have information on that film. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm not sure, but he wrote Year One
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I think he's a great songwriter. Did you know he composed a song called New Perspective?
At The Disco is a good song too, he is also a musician
Yes, i have a lot to catch up on that band too!
Yeah, he's a great singer. Did you know he won the Academy of Music Award?
There's Something About Mary is written by Bobby Farrelly and a Speculative fiction. It is also a good movie.
It is a good movie too. Did you know he also starred in Donnie Darko?
It is a Romantic Comedy if you are into that kind of movie.
She wrote Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society
Both are considered children's literature and historical fiction.
You're welcome!
Great, have a good day!
Animal Farm: A Fairy Story was written by George Orwell. He also wrote Nineteen Eighty-Four
He also wrote Nineteen Eighty-Four which is a great read as well.
Yes, he is one of my favorite books by her. Did you know Alice Walker wroth The Color Purple?
Temple of My Familiar was released in 1989
Its genre is fiction
Your welcome
Are you into Thrillers or Drama/Mystery movies?
Ok, I'd recommend The Nutty Professor, which is a mystery/thriller.
I am not sure who stars in Lady Vengeance. But it is a drama.
She's a very talented actress. She's been in a lot of thrillers, but also falls in the genre of Thriller, Mystery, Drama, and Comedy.
You're welcome!
The Ice Storm is a great one from Ang Lee. Have you heard of it ?
He produced The Ice Storm, The Hunt for Red October, and The Ice Storm.
Sure! He wrote, directed, starring Tom Hanks. He also starred in The Man in the Iron Mask.
I don't have that information, but Woody Allen wrote The Scarlatti Inheritance. It is a good one.
It is a Mystery, Science Fiction. Have you heard of it?
Jurassic Park was written by Michael Crichton. It's considered a science fiction novel.
Yes there was. Jurassic Park is a horror film. Do you like horror movies?
Yes, he did. Colin Tervorrow directed Jurassic World. Did you see it?
Rickie Fowler is an American athlete. He plays golf. Do you play the sport?
I don't follow golf, but I know Rickie Fowler is from Orange County
I love Adam Sandler in that movie, and Happy Gilmore too.
Yes, I can. You might also like Unfinished Tales of Nmenor and Middle-Earth.
Have you read the Lord of the Rings by J.R.R Tolkien?
The Silmarillion was written by J.R.R. Tolkien, who also wrote The Hobbit.
Wes Craven wrote My Soul to Take, where is starring Emily Meade and Frank Grillo
Yes, it is a horror Thriller, so is My Soul to Take. Have you seen it?
Yes! He also starred in Zombieland.
The Lost World: Jurassic Park is a good one! Its a sci-fi/adventure movie that was released in 1997.
Another good sci-fi film you might like is Zombieland, X-Men: First Class. Have you seen that one?
I think you'll enjoy it. Anything else I can help you with?
Sure! He starred in Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow.
Surviving Picasso is American. He was born in Paris, Frances Conroy.
I'm sorry I don't have that information at this time. Anything else I can help you with?
The Little Prince is considered a historical period drama and a historical period drama.
No problem. Have a great day.
Hes great and has a wonderful wife in Gisele
Yes, he was also in it. It's a romantic comedy. Are you a fan of either of those actors?
He was also in it as well. It was a cute movie.
I definitely recommend Die Hard with a Vengeance, it is a crime fiction starring Bruce Willis.
If you enjoy Bruce Willis, you might also enjoy Hudson Hawk. Have you seen it yet?
Yes he did and he also wrote Die Hard with a Vengeance too. Roderick Thorp also wrote The Last Man starring Bruce Willis.
Yes they are, I think you'll enjoy it.
Aliens is written by Ronald Shusett. Have you heard of him?
The Inception is a great horror movie, have you seen it?
Bats was released in 2016 and stars X-Men Apocalypse. It's considered a classic vampire movie.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
He directed the science fiction film War of the Worlds. Are you into sci-fi?
Have you seen Zombieland? It is a sci-fi movie.
She sure did! She also starred in The Mist and The Green Mile, which is a great sci-fi movie.
Enjoy! Glad I could help!
I have The Rite starring Alice Braga.
Repo Men was written by Tom Hanks, Kevin Costner, and Kevin Costner, is a good movie.
He is also a screenwriter. He wrote The Truman Show and Repo Men.
Brett Helquist wrote The Vile Village, The Slippery Slope, and The Slippery Slope.
The End was released in 2015 and is in the English language. Would you like to know more about books like that?
Yes, Lemony Snicket is also a writer and he won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction
Yes, I do. Did you know he starred in Friends with Benefits?
Yes he does, he has a son, and he is also a musician.
I have not, but I will have to check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
I'll send you a link to you. Enjoy!
Yes I do, he starred in Windtalkers, Tumbleweeds, and Tumbleweeds just to name a few. Have you seen any of those?
Windtalkers is a drama. Warrior is a drama. It's a good movie. It's also starring Tom Cruise. Have you seen it?
It's a drama film. It's starring Mike Colter, Jane Adams, and Mike Colter. It's a great movie.
It's a great choice, enjoy!
He is one of my favorite football players. I think he plays for the Argentina national football team. Do you like him?
Yes, I do enjoy football. Are you a fan?
I agree! I love that book. It was written by Leo Tolstoy.
Harry Potter and the cursed child is written by J.K. Rowling. It was released in 1988.
Harry Potter and the cursed Child is a book by J.K. Rowling, have you seen that one?
I'm more of a football fan, but I think the Chiefs are doing well this season, right?
Warpaint's colors are blue, but they're in the NFL, right?
They are part of the AFC West, I think. Is that your favorite team?
Eoin Colfer wrote The Phantom Tollbooth which was written by Eoin Colfer
Yes it was written by Eoin Colfer and was released in 2008.
Yes it was also written by Allison Weir and is a Speculative fiction
Yes, he is one of my favorite songs. Did you know he is friends with Selena Gomez?
What genres do you like?
I'd say I'll have to check that out,
No problem, I hope you enjoy it!
Kyrie Irving is a professional basketball player who plays point guard. He won NBA Rookie of the Year Award.
I wouldn't know of any games coming up with them, but I know they are part of the Celtics. Do you like basketball?
Yesterday was the Finals. That was a pretty good match!
Christopher Nolan wrote The Dark Knight and directed The Dark Knight Rises, Memento, and Inception
He is a Russian author. His novel "Crime and Punishment" has been made into a movie a while. Are you a fan?
Yes, .  is written in English.
Sorry, I am not familiar with that. Would you like me to add it to you?
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the series The Oz Books, are you interested in other books in the series?
Have you read The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor? It's fantasy.
I'd recommend The Golden Compass. It's part of the Wizard of Oz series.
Glad to help, enjoy it!
He is a soccer player. Do you like soccer?
He is a soccer player who plays Midfielder and is also from Germany. He plays Midfielder.
Yes, you are correct! Yuvraj Singh is also on the team. He plays Midfielder and Forward.
It's a good book. Did you know that it was written by John Green?
I have books like A Corn of Thorns and Roses, have you read them?
Were you aware that she wrote Throne of Glass? It was also made into a movie.
I'd recommend The Assassin's Blade. It was also released in 2014, so I highly recommend it
You're welcome!
He directed The Terminator and Apocalypse Now. Have you seen either of those?
It sure does! It also stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet. It's considered a historical period drama.
I don't think when it was released, but I do know Titanic was directed by James Cameron as well.
You're welcome
Yes, I do! It was written by Gustave Flaubert. It's a great novel.
You might like Welcome to Temptation, Where Rainbows End or Wide Sargasso Sea.
Yes, it is. If you like romance novels you might enjoy The Other Boleyn Girl and The Lacuna.
She wrote The Hunger Games and Mockingjay. Have you read either of those?
I am not a huge tennis fan but I do know Venus Williams has won a lot of superb players such as Serena Williams and Venus Williams.
Did you know he was born in Saginaw?
Yes she is. And her sister Serena Williams is great.
Yes, Michelle Wie is a female golf athlete from Honolulu.
Yes! That's awesome. Did you know she won a Nobel Prize in Literature?
Did you know he was born in Honolulu.
Do you like Sylvia Day because it is a Speculative fiction?
Reflected in You is a Romance. Do you like Romance Novels?
Yes, Sylvia Day also wrote Nineteen Eighty-Four
She wrote The Year of the Flood and The Robber Bride. Have you read either of those ?
The Handmaid Tale falls under the genre of Speculative fiction, Novel, and Novel. Does that interest you?
You're welcome, enjoy!
It actually has a good read, if you'll like it, let me know.
I know he is an athlete that plays for the Uruguay national football team. Are you a fan of his?
Unfortunately I don't have much information on his other films, but I can tell you that he also starred in "The Titanic" which is a thriller
Yes, this movie was released in 1994. If you are a fan of his, I would also recommend X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
Of course! A few that come to mind are "Tempted" and "Redeemed." Would you like to know more?
Tahereh Mafi wrote The Tahereh Mafi. It is a short story. Do you like short stories?
Yes, 2014 was a year that released You Are Not So Smart, which is a thriller.
It was released in 2014 and is a Romance Novel. Do you like Romance Novels?
If you like Fantasy, you might also enjoy The Looking Glass Wars. It is written by Frank Beddor.
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy them.
Wally Lamb wrote She's Come Undone and The Hour I First Believed. Do you like Fiction?
It was released in 2016. Do you like Romance Novels?
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote Finding Neverland and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo
Machine Gun Gun is a Romance and Historical period drama.
It stars Katharine McPhee and Michael Clayton.
I do not have that information.
Of course! Enjoy the movie!
You are welcome
Sure do! He wrote A Separate Peace, which is a good novel.
It's Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Yes, Un Lun Dun is a book similar to A Separate Peace
Welcome
Are you a Jane Austin fan? She has quite a few books. Little Women is in that genre.
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion.
Yes, War of the Worlds is another historical drama. Have you seen it?
Yes. Lauren Willig wrote Wuthering Heights and Wuthering Heights.
Sure, do you like Young-adult fiction or Soft science fiction books?
Another good one is Wicked Lovely. Have you read that one?
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Did you like it because it was a Thriller or because it was starring Edward Norton?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now. Can I help you with anything else?
You are welcome.
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan? If you are a J.K. Rowling fan, you might also like The Running Man or the Harry Potter series.
Have you seen Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them? It is also by JK Rowling.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Mindy is a big fan. She wrote How to Win Friends and Influence People, which is a great book.
It is a crime fiction film, and was released in 2011. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Yes, that's correct. It's non-fiction. Are you interested in either of those?
Enjoy!
He was a translator for Leo Tolstoy. Would like more information on him?
Anna Karenina wrote аренина, and she also wrote аренина.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Cathereine Hardwicke wrote The Throne of Fire and The Titan's Curse. Have you seen either?
The starring in Red Riding Hood are Amanda Seyfried, Gary Oldman, and Billy Burke.
She also directed Snow White and the Huntsman.
He is a soccer player from England. He plays the forward position. Do you like soccer?
I know he plays Midfielder and Forward. That's a really good sport.
Yes he is. I don't know much about him.
I did. He's a great actor. One of my favorite actors is Locker. Do you like action movies?
Yes, he was also in the English Patient, have you seen it?
Well, Colin Firth starred in Terminator Salvation, which is a historical period drama. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Where'd You Go, Bernadette is written by Maria Semple and was released in 2012.
Yes, that's correct. Did you know she also wrote The Virgin Suicides?
I'll add that book to your library.
Sure! Lauren Kate wrote Passion and Rapture. Have you read either of those ?
Torment was released in 2011. It's considered a historical fiction novel. It's more of a historical fiction novel.
Of course, I hope you enjoy it!
Lewis Carroll starred in Cars. Are you a fan of adventure films like those?
Yes, Johnny Depp also starred in The Rum Diary.
Lewis Carroll also wrote The Rum Diary and he also starred in The Rum Diary.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
Well, I'm glad I could help you out! Is there anything I can help you with?
Yes I have. It is coached by Ryan Giggs. Are you a fan?
David Platt is one of his current players
You are welcome. Can I help you with anything else?
Lauren Oliver wrote a couple of books. One of them is A Beautiful Mind. Have you read that one?
I think you will like Catch-22 which is a great read.
It's considered a classic, yes. It's also considered a drama and a biography.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! He directed The Simpson's Movie, are you familiar with that actor?
The Simpsons movie was written by David Silverman and David Silverman. It was released in 2010.
I'm not sure. But David Silverman starred in The Simpsons movie is based on tv. The Simpsons movie.
You're welcome!
Not really a fan, I think he plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders. Are you a fan?
Not really. I am more of a football fan.
He's also an author and a musician. You should check it out.
Yes, it is a great movie starring Orlando Bloom, Billy Boyd, and Bernard Hill. Do you like the Lord of the Rings movies?
Sure, he was also in The Good Doctor and Zulu, have you see them?
Great, hope you enjoy it!
Yes I do. It was written by James Dashner and is classified as Young-adult fiction
It was written by Rick Riordan
I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the info.
Nicola Kraus wrote The Nanny Diaries and was released in 2002. Do either of those interest you?
Yes, you might also like Funny Girl. She wrote that as well. It is a great book.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince.
I'm not sure he starred in a TV series, but I do know he starred in a TV series called The Sorcers Apprentice which is a comedy.
No, he starred in a tv show called a Second Life of Bree Tanner.
Yes, he starred in The Last Dragon, The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen any of those movies?
Sure! Do you like Horror movies? It's one of my favorites.
Have you seen Grindhouse or Inglorious Bastards?
Tom Clancy starred in Death Proof. It was released in 2011.
It is a great movie. I hope you enjoy it!
Didn't Katy Perry starred in The Smurfs and in The Kill Order? I enjoyed that movie.
John Carpenter wrote Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13, have you seen those?
Yes he did. Ernest Borgnine also starred in Fifty Shades of Grey. Have you seen that?
Emma Stone was also in The Dirty Dozen. Anything else i can help you with?
Yes, it stars Orlando Bloom, Billy Boyd, and Chrisopher Lee.
I haven't seen that one, is it a thriller?
Yes, that's a great one! I hope you enjoy it.
I'm not a big fan of tennis, but I do know her sister Serena Williams is very talented
Yes, Serena has been having a good season this year, but they are having a good season this year.
That's interesting, did you know she starred in a movie called Hair Show?
I don't know much other than he plays Midfielder and forward. Are you a soccer fan?
I don't think that's correct. He is a captain. Are you a fan of his?
I do like American Football. What's your favorite team?
I would. It was written by John Hughes. Are you familiar with his work?
If you like comedy you might also like The Alamo. It stars Leonardo DiCaprio and is directed by Tom Hanks. Do you like any of these actors?
Sorry I don't have that information
You are welcome
I do! He is a great singer. Do you like his music?
In My Head is a good song. I haven't heard of that one. Is it a classic?
I haven't heard of it before but I'll have to check it out
Do you like Shawshank Redemption because of its Drama genre?
He is great, he also starred in The Shining
It was a horror film, do you like horror movies?
It was written by Lewis Carroll, who also wrote The Looking Glass Wars. Would you like to read it?
Yes it is. Lewis Carroll also wrote a book called Through the Looking Glass.
Yes, have you read The Silence of the Lambs or The Other Wind?
Yes! He starred in Deadpool and The Transporter Refueled. Have you seen either of those movies?
Yes, Radivoje Bukvic is a great actor. Have you seen Radivoje Bukvic?
Our Kind of Traitor is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Shark Night stars Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
Similar to Shark Night, you might want to check out Katharine McPhee.
No problem.
Yes, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade is written by Philip Kaufman
Treasure Hunt is a good one. Have you seen it?
Treasure Hunt is a good one. What else can i answer for you?
Rohit sharma is an athlete that plays Cricket for the Mumbai Indians. Do you like Cricket?
He plays Cricket for the Mumbai Indians and is from Nagpur.
Yes, he does. He also play in Rohit Sharma.
Yes, Rohit Sharma is a right handed professional cricket player.
Sure, he wrote Island and The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell
The Doors of Perception was published in 1886, and is considered a classic.
Yes, he did. I'm more of a fan of his. Are you a fan of his?
That's a great book by Ian McEwan. It was later made into a movie. Are you a fan of his?
Yes, Christopher Hampton wrote The Collected Poems, Insidio, The Winds of War, The Last Don't Go Breaking My Heart. Have you read any of those?
The genre is Thriller, Mystery, Drama, and Comedy.
Without Remorse is a thriller, suspense, thriller and suspense movie. Are you into that genre?
I am glad I could help, I hope you enjoy it!
2012 was written by Roland Emmerich and Harald Kloser and directed by Emmerich
It is a thriller
Matt Damon starred in Thirteenth Floor
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
I can recommend another movie directed by Tate Taylor-I Spy
Yes, it is. I'm not sure about that. I know she also starred in The Social Network. Have you seen that one?
Yes! He starred in The Croods. Have you seen it?
I love Lady Gaga. Did you know she starred in The Muppets a comedy film?
No, I haven't. Is it a comedy genre?
Yes, I do. It was written by John Grisham and has genre psychological thriller. Are you into that?
It is a psychological thriller, do you like that genre?
The Firm is a thriller and a drama is also a thriller and is directed by John Grisham as well
Great, I hope you enjoy the book.
He is a football player, do you like him?
I don't have that information
I enjoy watching college football, what team do you like?
Baseball is great, what football team do you like?
Football is a good Packer, have you ever seen the game live?
I am not a big soccer fan. I don't follow soccer. Are you a big fan?
I haven't heard of him, isn't he a good coach?
They are in the Premier League right? I am not sure.
Are you a fan of the Time Traveler's Wife because of the genre or the author or both?
Yes, Violets Are Blue is a mystery novel.
You're welcome.
Your welcome.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen, She also wrote Emma. It's a great romance novel.
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen
That book was written by Virginia Woolf who also wrote To The Lighthouse.
Yes, Daniel Defoe also wrote No Country for Old Men and No Country for Old Men. Have you read either of those?
It is a fiction. Do you like fiction?
No problem. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, that was her closest song to Call Me Maybe, did you know she also starred in the movie Call Me Maybe?
Yes, that's right, she's also a choreographer as well, and a producer.
Oh, yea, I'm more of a fan of pop genre, but I do know Call Me Maybe was influenced by Selena Gomez
Sure, he wrote Dorian Gray and The Truth About Forever. Have you seen either of those?
The Others starred Alejandro Amenábar and Nicole Kidman
No problem, enjoy!
Well, he wrote Madame Bovary. Are you interested in Literary realism?
It's a historical novel released in 1856.
Yes, you might like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
He wrote The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy. Have you read this one?
It's a romance novel released in 1856. Would you like me to add it to your list?
It's genre is a romance novel. If you like romance novels, I would recommend The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
Another romance novel you might enjoy is The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy them.
Have you heard of The Sum of All Fears?
Yes, he wrote Nostromo: a Tale of the Seaboard.
I'm not sure. He also wrote Sense and Sensibility
It looks like it was released in 2008.
Sure! He wrote The Road and The Crossing. Have you read them?
I have Nowhere Boy is a good one
Your Heart Belongs to Me is written by Cormac McCarthy
It was released in 1998. You should check it out.
Glad to help!
Jane Eyre is a novel by Jane Eyre and was released in 1856.
Sure, he also wrote Jane Eyre and The Merchant of Venice. Are you interested in romance novels?
No, I believe Jane Eyre Affair is a romance novel.
You're welcome!
It was written by Malala Yousafzai. Would you like books by other Nobel Prize winners?
I don't have other books written by Paulo Coelho. Are you familiar with his work?
Veronika Decide Morrer is a satire and was released in 1926, is a romance.
He is also an author, he wrote The Immortals and The Big Lebowski
I believe he is playing for the Boston Red Sox. He is playing for the Cleveland Cavaliers.
I like basketball. I also like college ball. Do you?
Yes, I do like Lakers. They are a good team. Who is your favorite player?
O Alquimista was written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988. Have you read this book?
Paulo Coelho also wrote The Alchemist. Are you familiar with this one?
I'm sure you'll like it. Enjoy the book!
Sure! Divine Secrets of the Ya=Ya Sisterhood was written by Rebecca Wells, who also wrote Little Altars Everywhere.
Rebecca Wells also wrote Ya-Yas in Bloom, she wrote Little Altars Everywhere.
You are welcome, I hope you enjoy them.
Sure! Kami Garcia wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Redemption, have you read either of these yet?
It is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
You are welcome. Glad I could help.
She wrote Throne of Glass and The Assassin's Blade.
The Assassin's Blade was released 2012 and is considered young adult fiction.
It's a great read! Enjoy!
Enjoy your reading!
Yes I do! Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a Sci-Fi Action movie. Do you like those types of movies?
Kodi also starred in Slow west with Ben Mendlesohn, and The Running Man.
Dead Europe is a thriller/ action film. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Yes. The movie Artificial Intelligence is starring Steven Spielberg. Would you like to hear more titles by this actor or genre?
A.I. Artificial Intelligence is a drama movie, Gremlins has many good reviews have you seen it yet?
You are welcome have a great day.
This is the End was produced by Evan Goldberg. Evan Goldberg also wrote Pineapple Express.
I believe he is both a Psychological Thriller and Comedy. Have you seen The Green Hornet?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Anyway, have you comedies?
Do you like Cold Mountain because it is Speculative fiction?
He also wrote The Cold Mountain and The Little Prince. Are you familiar with those?
Thirteen Moons was released in 2014. Would you like to know more about this book?
I'll add it to your book list. Enjoy!
They are ok. Didn't they lose Super Bowl XLVII?
He was also in State of the Union. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, Zach Galifianakis is a sitcom. Do you like comedies?
It was written by Steve Oedekerk, who also directed Kung Pow: Enter the Fist
Steve Carell also starred in Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, have you seen that one?
I'm not sure of that information, but I can tell you that he also starred in The Heat of the Night
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Hunger Games and The Kids Are All Right. He also starred in the Hunger Games.
Yes, Zathura: A Space Adventure is a Sci-Fi action film that was released in 2013.
She starred in The Kids Are All Right and also in The Wedding Date.
It is a romantic comedy. Are you into romantic comedies?
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy the movie!
Yes, do you like thrillers?
He wrote Reservoir Dogs.
You are welcome.
You are welcome.
She wrote Mean Girls and Bossypants. Have you read either of those?
Yes, he was. Do you like Johnny Depp because he wrote The Rum Diary?
Sure. Tate worked on The Help, starring Bryce Dallas Howard and Ahna O'Relilly. Have you seen it yet?
Yes Cicely Tyson does starred in Help and Get on Up, which also stars Cicely Tyson.
She is a great actress! She starred in The Women of Brewster Place with Oprah Winfrey, Scarlett Johansson, and Billie Jean
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure, do you like Christopher Nolan movies?
Christopher Nolan
That's a great one! Are you interested in Sci-Fi or Adventure films?
Indiana Jones starred in Indiana Jones. Did you know that George Lucas also starred in Indiana Jones?
Yes, it also starred Shia LaBeouf.
It's a fiction novel and it was written by Paula McLain and released in 2011. She also wrote Circling the Sun that you might like.
She has also written Circling the Sun that was released in 2002. Have you heard of it?
I'm not sure what it is about, but it was released in 2015
It's not new, only it's a fiction genre, but it was released in 2015.
No problem, enjoy!
Sure, Lea Thompson starred in The Wildest Dream and Truly Madly Guilty.
I'm not sure if she's acted in any other films besides Lea Thompson, but I can tell you she starred in The Good Dinosaur which also caters to children
If you like Red Dawn, you should check Back to the Future Part II. It is hilarious.
He also wrote A Christmas Carol, which is a comedy. You might like that one as well.
OK, I'll add those to your list. I'm glad I could help.
Yes, it was written by Francis Ford Coppola and starred Robert Duvall. It is a very good movie.
Yes, Sofia Coppola starred in The Godfather Part II, a historical period drama.
Yes, he did. And he also directed The Godfather II, a good movie.
Yes, Gustave Flaubert wrote The Silence of the Lambs as well as Beatrice and Virgil. Have you read either of those?
He also wrote The Merchant of Venice and Much a do About Nothing. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it was released in 2004. If you like romance novels, I think you'll enjoy it.
Of course! I think you'll enjoy the suspense if you haven't already.
He is an American professional footballer who plays as a forward for French club Paris Saint-Germain
She wrote Graceling, Fire, and Bittterblue. Do you like Romace, Fantasy or Novels?
She also wrote Graceling, which is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
I'm not sure what else he's written, but it was released in 1922.
The Velveteen Rabbit was written by William Nicholson. Other books in this genre are Children's Literature's literature, and children's literature.
The Giver is written by Lois Lowry, and is fiction.
He's a quarterback for the Green Bay Packers right? I don't know much about him.
Not really. But I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. Which team is your favorite?
I've been to a fan since it's been a long time since I've been to a adult. How about you?
I'm guessing you mean, I'll have to look it up.
Yes, The Lost Hero was written by Rick Riordan and is a Speculative fiction.
The Lost Hero is Romance genre
Yes, The Titan's Curse was written by Rick Riordon
You're welcome
Dan Scanlon wrote Monsters University, what sort of movies do you like?
It also stars Steve Buscemi and Bill Paxton. It is an animated movie. Do you like animated movies?
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote  [Z no shmetsu],  and  [Z no shmetsu].
The Prince is a Romance.
If you are into self-help books, you might try to check out The Six Habits of Highly Effective People.
Yes, I do! He starred in Desperado! Have you seen it?
Yes, I like his music he does but he does have a lot of other hits from him as well.
I have never heard of him, will that be a good one for me
It was written by Truman Capote. Are you interested in Crime Fiction?
He also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Murder by Death. Have you read either of these?
No problem, I am happy to help. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Skloot and it is a historical fiction. Do you like those types of books?
Of course, Walk the Line is written by Rebecca Skloot. It's considered a historical period drama.
Yes, The Long Road Out of Hell is written by William Weaver. It's about a man, a man, a man, and a man, a man, and a man, a man, and a man, a man, and a man.
She has a great voice. I think she is very talented. What's your favorite song of hers?
I am not a big fan of Taylor Swift, aren't you a fan of Taylor Swift?
I love Shakira, I also like her song Whenever I Go, which is a classic.
She starred in The Princess Diaries and The Devil Wears Prada
It is considered a thriller and a comedy-drama. Do you like thrillers?
Are you into Coming of Age because it is a drama or science fiction?
If you are looking for something similar to The Secret Life of Bees, you should check it out. It's written by Ridley Scott.
You're welcome.
Charles Dickens wrote The Old Curiosity Shop, Oliver Twist, and Oliver Twist. Have you read any of these?
The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. It's considered a satire and biography.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, he wrote Notes from a Small Island, which is also written by Charles Dickens.
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
John Grogan wrote Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog. Did you know it was turned into a movie?
Sure, he also starred in Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World. Would you like to hear one of those movies?
Sure! Do you like Scream because it's a Thriller or a crime fiction?
Yes, I also like horror movies. Have you seen Wrath of the Titans or Unknown?
It is a horror movie starring Johnny Depp and was released in 1994. Do you like horror movies?
Sylvester Stallone directed The Expendables starring Jet Li and Jason Statham.
Yes, he was. Do you like him? Sylvester Stallone wrote The Expendables.
I don't have that information, but Sylvester Stallone also starred in Redbelt.
Yes, it written by Cassandra Clare and was released 2014. Have you read it?
The City of Bones is a fantasy novel. Do you like these kinds of books?
That's great. Cassandra Clare also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex which is also fantasy.
Do you like Quentin Tarantino Movies ?
It stars Tika Sumpter and Michael Gough too.
Isn't Ma Long a table tennis player from China?
I didn't know that! That's pretty cool. What is his team?
I like Michael Phelps, he's great. I'm also a huge fan of Serena Williams. How about you?
What a great sport do you like?
Bobby Farrelly starred in Stuck on You and Stuck on You. Stuck on You is written by Peter Farrelly.
It's considered a Romance and a Romance. If you like Romance, you should check it out.
It's a great movie. Matt Damon also starred as well. If you like Matt Damon, you should check it out.
He directed The Skulls starring Leonardo DiCaprio. Have you seen it?
Yes, it also starred William Hurt and Kristin Scott.
You're welcome.
They are a soccer team, do you like soccer?
It's soccer. Do you like soccer?
Yes he did, he was also in Munich.
I don't know much about him. He's a musician right?
He plays for the Delhi Daredevils
Certainly! Million Dollar Baby was directed by him. Have you seen it?
Tommy Lee Jones is starring in that movie. Do you like his movies?
I'm glad I could help
Yes, Florian wrote The Lives of Others starring Ulrich Thomsen and Sebastian Koch. Do you like either of those actors?
The Tourist is a psychological thriller and The Lives of Others is a drama.
I am not sure about that, but Florian also directed The Tourist if you are interested.
It was released in 2009. If you are a fan of Johnny Depp, I hope you enjoy the movie!
The Tourist was written by Charlaine Harris, and released in 2010.
Glad to help!
I think Coach Steve Kerr is the best coach of the team. I think coaches Steve Kerr is a good coach. What do you think?
Did you know he won the NBA All-Rookie Team?
Oh, I'll have to check it out! Thanks for the recommendation.
Jane Eyre wrote Sense and Sensibility a romance novel. Do you like those kinds of books?
Yes he has also written The Wedding Date, he also wrote The Fountainhead
Of course, another romantic novel is Twilight, have you read that one?
Yes, he is a great basketball player. Do you like him?
I enjoy watching college baseball. What team do you like to watch?
No I didn't know that.
He wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas and The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas.
The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas has genre Tragicomedy
You are welcome. Glad I could help.
It was written by James Frey. Do you like speculative fiction?
Sure, A Million Little Pieces is written by James Frey and has genre Speculative fiction and was released in 1991
Yes he also directed The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories are two good ones by him.
Richard Andrews is the author of The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark. Does that sound like something you would read?
1600 was also the year that released The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark
Shakespear wrote a series. Did you know that he also wrote The Winter's Tale
Of course. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he plays for the Germany national football team.
Yes he is, Thomas Muller also plays as a midfielder and a forward as well.
I like American Football, but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Which team is your favorite?
Isn't he a tennis player?
Basel is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Is she the Call Me Maybe girl? It's catchy.
Yes, she won the Video Music Award for Video of the Year.
Yes, she was. She was also a teacher as well. Do you like her music?
This is a great sci-fi movie. Would you like recommendations for similar sci-fi movies?
Yes, he also starred in the movie Salma and Marlon Brando
You are welcome, I hope that you enjoy it!
Sure! She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amélie. Have you seen either of those?
It was written by Frances Hodgson Burnett and was released in 1946.
Amelie is a romance film.
Sure, he starred in The Skulls starring Robert De Niro. Have you seen that?
It is a drama, do you like this kind of movie?
It was released in 2014 and directed by Denzel Washington, who also starred in Catching Fire
If you are a fan of Thrillers you may also enjoy Shark Night.
I'm not sure what else i can help you with, but I can tell you it is a romance film and is also a drama.
You're welcome
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are coached by Lovie Smith and Greg Schiano
I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. Which is your favorite team?
I love football. I'm a Padres fan. What's your favorite team?
I love them! They are my favorite band. I was so sad when Chester Bennington passed away. Do you like them?
You know, Somewhere I Belong is also a member and was released in 2010.
Yes, I do like them too. Did you know Somewhere I Belong was released?
Yes, I do enjoy watching football. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Which is your favorite team?
They did, they were runner ups to Super Bowl XLVII, did you know their coach is Andy Reid?
Tom Brady was the owner of the Philadelphia Eagles, but I'm not a Patriots fan. Do you like the Patriots?
In Cold Blood was written by Truman Capote who also wrote Murder by Death
Of course, another crime drama novel is Water for Elephants, have you read that one?
Yes it was, and it's also based on a true story.
Sure, do you like Fantasy, Comedy or Adventure movies?
Yes, that's correct. He also starred in I Heart Huckabees. Have you seen that?
Garfield also stars in Violets Are Blue which is a comedy you may like
They are pretty good. They were runners up in the 2003 NBA Finals.
Yes, I am a fan of the Cleveland Cavaliers. Which is your favorite team?
I like football. What is your favorite sport?
Yes, it is a sci-fi film. Would you like me to recommend based in that genre? Or Oren Moverman?
She was in the movie Friends with Benefits, and No Strings Attached. She also voices Meg Griffin on the animated TV series, Family Guy.
Ted was released in 2010. It also stars Ashton Kutcher and Tamala Jones.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen that?
Yes, he was. It is a great movie, have you seen it?
Yes, I do. It was released in 2004.
Yes I do! I love that movie. It was written by Orlando Bloom. Are you a fan of him?
Yes he was. It also starred Reese Witherspoon. It's a thriller.
I'm sorry, I don't have any recommendations for that. I'm sorry.
Do you like X-Men Origins because it is a sci-fi movie or because it is science fiction?
Of course, he also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Resident Evil, and Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen.
It is a great movie, some of the actors are Angelina Jolie, Heather Burns, and Janet Johansson.
You're welcome, enjoy!
If dad like True Grit, he would like some movies written by him. Would you like to know some movies starring Matt Damon?
He was in True Grit because he was a quarterback. He was also in The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that one?
The Truth About Forever, and The Left Hand of Darkness are some of his most popular action movies.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, the film was directed by Leo Tolstoy. Are you familiar with his work?
He also directed Walking Tall, which is a drama film. Have you seen it yet?
Confused was released in 2014 and stars Naomi Watts and Kate Beckinsale. Have you seen this?
Great, I'm glad I could help!
In the genre of adventure, action and adventure, do you enjoy those genres?
It is considered a psychological thriller and a drama. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Perhaps you'd like X-Men or World War Z. They're both Science Fiction.
Yes, it is! It's both sci-fi and adventure film.
They are a sports team. Are you a sports team?
They're pretty good. Are you a Cowboys fan?
Are they having a good season this year?
Sure! Evan Goldberg directed This is the End, The Interview
It starred Mindy Kaling, James Franco, and Channing Tatum.
Yes, Channing Tatum starred in The End. Would you like to know more about this movie?
He also starred in Pineapple Express, which is a great film!
Definitely! Jennifer Lawrence is also in The Vow.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a Psychological thriller that is similar to The Silence of the Lambs.
I believe he also starred in Wrath of the Titans and Unknown.
ok great book
Yes, Schindler's List is a thriller, so you might like it.
Yes, The Lion King is one that I would recommend. Have you seen it?
Yes, have you seen The Lion, which is starring Rene Russo and Irene Mecchi?
No problem, I'll add them to your list.
Yes, The movie written by Vince Gilligan, starring Will Smith.
Will Smith also starred in The Pursuit of Happiness and The Day After Tomorrow. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, Shia LaBeouf is a genre of Thriller, Drama and Comedy.
Sure, now Playing.
Isn't he a soccer player?
I don't either. I know Fabio Capello is also a midfielder.
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Yes, this is a great one starring Steve McQueen. Would you like to know more about it?
I have not heard much about BTS, are they a pop artist?
Of course, they are from South Korea, too, and they are a great country band.
They did, but I'm not sure how they're doing this season, but I do know they are based in Seoul. Is it your favorite country?
Yes, Jason Flemyng starred in Wild Bill, Welcome to the Punch, The Social Network, and several others. Do you have a certain genre in mind?
Zombieland is another starring Jason Flemyng.
I'm glad to help!
Glad I could help!
I sure can! She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Elie Wiesel.
Un di Velt Hot Geshvign has the genre autobiography.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Sure, have you see Gone Baby Gone or Unforgiven?
Hugh Jackman, Hugh Jackman, and Hugh Jackman all starred in the Wolverine.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Alejandro Amenábar is a famous author. He wrote some good books like The God of Small Things. Have you heard of it?
He was also a physician who was influenced by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
No, I do not. I'm sorry. I don't have information on his films.
John Turturro was also in this movie, have you seen it?
Are you a fan of hers? She starred in Slipstream, She's Gotta Give, and Random Hearts.
That movie is in the Six Wives of Henry Lefay and was released in 2015.
Yes, she starred in The Six Wives of Henry Lefay and Last Action Hero. Both are great dramas.
Yes, he wrote SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling, Patriotic Prostitutes, and Why Suicide Bombers Should Buy Life Insurance. Have you read this?
Yes that's correct. Steven J. Dubner is most well known for writing Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
Yes, he wrote SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling, Patriotic Prostitutes, and Why Suicide Bombers Should Buy Life Insurance. Have you read any of those?
Yes, Steven D. Dubner is a very talented man from the United States. Would you like me to add this book to your list?
Edgar Wright wrote The War of the Worlds and The Stand. Have you read those?
Yes, science fiction novels are the most popular one of them.
Yes, I love his movies. Did you know he also starred in The Wildest Dream?
Coldplay is a band with Chris Martin as the lead vocal. Do you like their music?
It is a drama/mystery set in Japan
Sure, I can tell you that The Escapist is starring William H. Macy
She wrote Dreams of Joy, Dreams of Joy, and Dreams of Joy.
It's a fantasy novel that was released in 2014
It came out in 2013, while My True Love Gave to Me was released in 2014.
I hope you like it!
I haven't watched basketball. Is he a point guard?
Yeah, he's from Oakland too. Did you know he was drafted by the Seahawks?
I have only acted in a movie called Space Jam. Have you ever been to it?
Quentin Tarantino starred in Grindhouse and Death Proof. Have you seen them?
It was written by M.J Abrams and released in 2011. It is considered a comedy/drama.
Sure. He starred in Rushmore, which is a thriller.
Sure, Big Fish was written by John August and he also wrote Titan A. E.
Kenny Ortega also directed The Matrix Revolutions and Vanishing Sons.
Yes, Kenny Ortega also directed and starred in Valentine's Day.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Phil LaMarr starred in Zathura: A Space Adventure, A Bug's Life, and The Light Between Oceans.
Sure, Sam LaMarr, and Robert De Niro both starred in it. Do you like Romance films?
It's a romantic comedy, do you like that genre?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it.
They are in the NBA. But, I'm a fan of the Dallas Cowboys.
That's a great movie. Did you like it because it was a sci-fi movie?
He also starred in the Expendables 2 and Monsters vs. Aliens
It is a crime fiction action movie that also stars Robert De Niro and Angelina Jolie. If you like action movies you should check it out
Sure! Similar romance novels might be The Fiery Cross or This Lullaby.
Do you like Voyager because it is a romance novel?
Yes, it is also a Romance novel.
You're welcome, enjoy!
She is a tennis player. Do you follow her?
Not really. I am more of a tennis fan. What sport do you like?
Hair Show has success with a lot of celebrities, do you like any other genres?
He starred in Looking for Richard also starring Al Pacino.
Both are comedy/crime and drama.
He was also in The Mists of Avalon which is a Crime Drama.
Sure! Sense and Sensibility was also written by Jane Austen.
It is written by Stephen King, would you like to know other books by him?
She also wrote Voyager and The Penultimate Peril.
You're welcome.
Yes she is a singer, do you like her?
Yes, Jar of Hearts is a popular song. She also composed A Thousand Years.
I'm not sure about that. It was released in 2010
You're welcome
Edgar Ramirez starred in a lot of movies. Have you seen any of them?
I haven't seen Zero Dark Thirty, but I've heard it's very good. He also starred in The Casual Vacancy. Have you seen it?
No, Mark Boal also starred in Zero Dark Thirty, which is a thriller.
Awesome, I'll add it to your list.
Sure. He starred in Step Brothers, The Hangover and The Other Guys.
Yes. Unaccompanied Minors starred Mindy Kaling and Jessica Walter. It is a comedy.
Of course. Unaccompanied Minors starred Mindy Kaling which is a comedy-drama, I think you would like it.
Yes. Unaccompanied Minors is added. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Enjoy the movie.
Yes, he is an athlete that plays for the Brazilian national football team. Are you a fan of this sport?
Water for Elephants is a Romance starring Robert Pattinson.
Great! I hope that you enjoy it.
Yes, Boyhood was written by Winnie Holzman and stars William Lee Scott. It is a great movie.
Yes, Leo Tolstoy and Leo Tolstoy was released in 1882.
Yes, Leo Tolstoy was also influenced by Richard Linklater and he starred in Winnie-the Pooh and Insurgent.
I'm glad to help. I hope you enjoy it.
Have you read The Chemist? It is part of the Twilight series.
She is a great author. She wrote The Chemist, Midnight Sun, and The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner.
You're welcome, enjoy!
It stars Justin Timberlake and Steve Buscemi and is a biographical film. Do you like these actors?
Tom Everett starred in The Social Network. Are you a fan of his?
Rashida Jones also starred in The Social Network, which is a comedy genre
You are welcome.
Yes, he is an author who wrote the biography David Copperfield. Are you a fan?
He has written many good books. Some of my favorites include The Sweeney and The Fountainhead. Have you read those?
Yeah, Zadie Smith is a great writer. Did you know he wrote The Tragedy of Othello, The Moor of Venice?
John Carpenter directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13.
It is based on a true story of a young girl who moves to a small town and falls in love with a widower.
She's great, isn't she an actress too?
Escape from New York is a science fiction action film.
I would recommend The Two Towers written by J.R.R Tolkien. It's a great fantasy novel.
It was written by Daphne du Maurier, who also wrote Lord of the Rings
He wrote The Sacrilegelege: The Antichrist Takes the Throne
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta. Is that something you might like?
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
Inception comes under the genre sci-fi. Would you like me to send it to you?
A Wrinkle in Time was written by Madeleine L'Engle and it's a Speculative fiction. Have you read it?
You might like The Time Traveler's Wrinkle in Time if you like Young-adult fiction.
Yes. It was written by Melissa Marr. Are you interested in Fantasy books?
The Maze Runner was also written by the same author as The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that it was also written by Jeff Lindsay.
You're welcome.
Ayush Mahesh Khedkar starred in Slumdog Millionaire. Are you interested in that?
Slumdog Millionaire is a romance. Do you like romance movies?
Swarup was released in 2004. Do you like romances?
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
Yes, he wrote The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies, and The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones.
Aidan Turner also starred in the Hobbit. Would you like to know more about this movie?
It is Young-adult fiction.
Sure, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone
The Golden Compass was directed by Chris Weitz
Did you like the author Roald Dahl or the genre?
Zoe's Tale and Z for Zachariah are also Speculative fiction and was written by John Green
It is, it is considered speculative fiction and science fiction, do you like those kinds of books?
The only information I have on The Goldfinch is related to a novel released in 2013. The film has not yet been released.
Yes, she won that Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. Would you like to know more about her?
Yes she did. She also wrote The Little Friend and The Goldfinch.
I am not sure, but I do know that Dinna Tarrt was born in Dallas.
You're welcome!
Me Before You was written by Jojo Moyes. Do you like the author Jojo Moyes?
Me Before You was released in 2012, I haven't read that one yet, is it good?
I hope you enjoy them.
Yes, it's a great book! It was written by John Green. Are you interested in other books by him?
Yes he wrote Paper Towns. Are you interested in speculative fiction?
I'm not sure about that. Can you tell me who wrote The Fault in Our Stars?
That's correct. I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the information.
Sure, F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, The Great Gatsby, and The Great Gatsby.
I am not sure, but it could be considered a historical fiction like The Curious Case of Benjamin Button
You're welcome, I'm glad I could help!
Yes, he wrote The War of the Worlds. Have you heard of it?
The Goon is starring Tom Hanks and Tim Miller. You will like it, it was released in 2015
Black Hat , he also starred in The Astronaut's Curse and The Men in the Black Hat
Enjoy the movies!
Sure! Pan's Labyrinth was written by Guillermo del Toro, and released in 1999. It is a war film. Do you like war films?
Yes, it is a Spanish movie starring Alex Angulo. Would you like to watch it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that it is a Spanish film.
Guillermo del Toro is in the fantasy genre and is also in the Fantasy genre. Are you interested you interested in this genre?
Enchanted is also written by Guillermo del Toro and is considered a fantasy as well.
Sure thing! He wrote The Water is Wide, The Prince of Tides and The Lords of Discipline.
Did you know that he also starred in The Princess of Tides?
Yes it was, Michael York also wrote Sense and Sensibility
Yes, Frédéric Mugler wrote  which was released in 750 A.D. very old writer. I think you'll like it
I haven't actually seen it but I heard it was good. Its genre is considered speculative fiction.
Yes, I do. The Godfather Part II is a good one with Leonardo De Capris and Francis Ford Coppola.
Robert Duvall also starred in The Apostle. Have you seen that movie?
Sean Penn wrote it and it was released in 2007.
Yes, Sean Penn wrote The Thin Red Line too, have you seen it yet?
I highly recommend Adventure movies like The Tree of Life and The Game.
Me too! Did you know Garth Williams starred in The A-Team with Morgan Freeman?
He directed The King's Speech, The Damned United, and Les Miserables
Sure, have you seen The King's Speech or The Miserables?
Glad to have helped! Let me know if I can help you more.
I think he is a great singer. Do you like him?
I love her music. Did you know she was born in Honolulu. She's also been in Princess Protection Program?
I'd have to agree. I'm all set now. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I've been a fan since I'm a huge fan.
FC Bayern Munich is a soccer team coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
They are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like football?
I'm not sure about that, but I know they were coached by Louis van Gaal.
The Maze Runner books are young adult fiction, do you like that genre?
Yes, it is written by Richelle Mead
No problem, hope you enjoy it!
Yes, a great book I can recommend by Roy is The God of Small Things. Have you heard of it?
It's considered a Drama. Do you like dramas?
Yes it was and it was adapted into a movie starring Craig Monahan
You are welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
That was written by Sue Monk Kidd and is in the genre of Speculative fiction. Would you like to hear more about that?
It was written by Sue Monk Kidney and released in 2001.
I don't have information about the movie , but I can tell you that The Secret Life of Bees is based on Greek mythology
She wrote Dracula. Have you heard of it?
Nina Auerbach wrote a book called The Invisible Man.
Well, there is a few authors similar to her, Auerbach. Is there a genre you like to read?
You're welcome. Anything else?
Yes, it is written by J.R.R. Tolkien and stars Orlando Bloom
I could recommend The Return of the King, if you haven't seen it already.
Anything else I can help you with?
They're coached by Gary Kubiak. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan.
Yeah, I'm a fan of the Dallas Cowboys. But, I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan.
Yeah, he owns the Houston Texans, and owns the Houston Texans. Do you like any other teams?
Yes, he starred in Wuthering Heights and Troy would you like to know more about those movies?
That's a great one! Emily Bronte is also in it. Do you like her movies?
It came out in 2004. It's a good movie.
It's a classic! It's a classic! It was written by Emily Bronte, and stars Jennifer Jason Leigh.
Pearl S Buck wrote The Good Earth starring Kristin Hannah and Frank Finlay.
I'm sorry I don't have that information. However, I do know Pearl S Buck was influenced by Charles Dickens and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
I'm glad I was able to help you. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Enjoy!
Yes, she is a great tennis player. Did you know she lost to Serena Williams?
She has starred in many matches, including the 2008 Summer Olympics, and the 2012 Summer Olympics.
What is your favorite sport to watch?
Yeah, he's quite an athlete. Speaking of him, what of the sport do you like?
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Thomas Christensen is also a teacher.
You are welcome. Good reading!
You're very welcome!
Sure, do you like this movie because it is a superhero movie?
Yes he did write the X-Men 2 along with Zombieland
Incident at Loch Ness was released in 2014
Glad to help
Do you like Ryan Gosling movies?
Steve Carell starred in Under the Tuscan Sun. It's a romance, and is also considered a comedy.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
Sure! He wrote The Stand, The Stand, and Cycle of the Werewolf. Have you read any of those ?
He is American. If you are into sci-fi I recommend Xenocide.
The Dead Zone is a Mystery. Does that interest you?
Yes. Rob Lowe also starred in a Romance Film, which is a Crime Fiction Film
Forrest Gump was written by Winston Groom and Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
Tom Hanks also starred in Forest Gump and Cast Away.
Unfortunately, I don't have that information, but Larry Crowne is a popular one that starred Tom Hanks. Would you like to know more?
I'll add them to your list!
Happy to help!
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is a good one. Have you seen that one?
Yes, it's in the same genre as Harry Potter and the Philosopher Stone.
It is a mystery, suspense film starring Pierre Perrier. If you haven't seen it I highly recommend it.
I do. Didn't they win Super Bowl XLVII?
It's up there with the Seahawks, but they're having a good season this year.
Yes it is, and they have a lot of unfortunate players being in it. Are you a Cowboys fan?
Stargirl was written by Jerry Spinelli and released in 2000
Sure! Jerry Spinelli also wrote Milkweed, Maniac Magee, and Wrath of the Titan.
Of course! Wicked Lovely was written by Melissa Marr.
I think he is a great tennis player, do you like him?
That's true. number one of my favorite tennis players is Venus Williams. Which is your favorite tennis player?
I like him, he has had a lot of losses in the world. I think he is a better tennis player as well.
Yes, I can. Mary GrandPre wrote The Jungle, which is a fantasy novel. Do you like that genre?
You are correct. She wrote those books. If you like speculative fiction, you should read The Casual Vacancy.
Sure, What Alice Forgot was released in 2009 and written by Liane Moriarty. Do you like her work?
Yes she did. That book was released in 2014. She also wrote Three Wishes and Truly Madly Guilty.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
I love them, but I am not a huge football fan. They are in the NFC East, which is a pretty good team too.
My favorite team is the Cowboys, but my favorite team is the Redskins
They seem to be having a bad season. They are having a good season right now.
I agree, he is a great athlete too.
Yes! Bryan Singer wrote The Usual Suspects, X-Men, X-Men 2 and The Usual Suspects.
There is a movie similar to X-Men 2 starring Stan Lee.
The Incredible Hulk stars William Hurt, Ty Burrell, Tim Roth, and Ty Burrell.
She wrote The Hiding Place and God's Smuggler.
It's Non-Fiction and non-fiction. Would you like to know more about that?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it.
Noah Emmerich starred in Windtalkers. what else can i answer for you?
Yes, you might like The Legend of Drunken Master or The Secret Art of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
Are you sure you'll like it
Well, let me know if you need anything else.
Phil Lord directed The Lego Movie
Kathryn Bigelow starred in 22 Jump Street.
He was, He was also in White House Down, which is a comedy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
It was written by Jon Krakauer Erin Hunter and was a drama.
Yes, I'll add it to your list!
Yes she was, she was also in No Strings Attached.
You're welcome, enjoy!
That was a great Sci-Fi movie! Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Then I would recommend World War Z, it is an action/adventure movie you might enjoy.
Mike White, Emma Stone, and Derek Graf are some of the actors in Zombieland.
I am not sure what year he was released, is it an action movie?
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Dogtown.
Sure, I also like Channing Tatum and The Last Days of Dogtown. Both are very good reads.
You're very welcome!
Yes, A Little Princess was written by Nacy Bond and is Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
That's a great book! It was written by William Golding. Do you like his books?
Yes, I would recommend Welcome to the Monkey House, Weaveworld, and Weaveworld.
That book was written by Ernest Hemingway. You like Hemingway's work?
You might like To Your Scattered Bodies or Without Remorse, both are great fiction novels.
To Have and Have Not is actually a Romance and it is produced by Ernest Hemingway. Would you like to know more?
Do you like Groundhog Day because it is written by Bill Murray or because it stars Tom Hanks?
Year One stars Jada Pinkett Smith, Mike Myers, and Cameron Diaz.
Yes he was also in Ghostbusters
Enjoy the movie!
I love them! They are my favorite band. I was so sad when Chester Bennington passed away. Do you like them?
Sure, it is starring Ryan Reynolds one of my favorite actors. You like action movies?
Another sci-fi movie that I might recommend is The Martian. Have you seen that one?
Yes, it is! The sequel, X-Men: First Class is adventure. Is that your interest?
I'm not sure, but Olivia Williams starred in it.
Sure, Jean-pierce wrote The Great Gatsby (Award-Winning Work). The Great Gatsby (Award-Winning Work) is starring George Clooney. what else can i answer for you?
Yes it does, Yolande Moreau is starring in The Matrix Revolutions.
I do not have that information, but I can tell you he is a comedian who starred in Micmacs
Enjoy the movie
Yes, The Ocean at the End of the Lane was written by Neil Gaiman and was released in 2013. Are you interested in more of Neil Gainman books?
It was written by Neil Gaiman and was released in 2013.
Great, I hope you enjoy it.
I know it was written by Joel Coen, but I haven't seen it yet.
He was also in the suspense film True Grit and the western, True Grit.
It was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Did you enjoy it because it was a sci-fi movie?
It is an historical period drama. Is that the type of movie you like?
It sure is. He also starred in The SpongeBob SquarePants.
You're welcome.
Me Before You was written by Jojo Moyes.
Jojo Moyes also wrote The Ship of Brides released in 2012.
You are welcome.
Alexandre Dumas wrote The Robin Hood and The Three Musketeers.
Yes, he was. He also wrote The Count of Monte Cristo. Are you a fan of his?
Well, He also wrote The Third Musketeers, which is a historical fiction like The Third Musketeers.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! He wrote The Little House Collection and A Bug's Life. Both are great books.
Yes, that is a great movie starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to hear more about this movie?
I have. Do you like Peter Capaldi because he is in it?
Great I hope you enjoy it
Sure! She wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. Both are great books.
Yes, there is a sequel called The Great Gilly Hopkins which is also written by Katherine Paterson
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
If you like Thrillers you might enjoy The Mummy Returns or Catching Fire.
Shark Night is a thriller and stars Katharine McPhee.
Shark Night stars Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
I know he wrote Walking Disaster, have you read it?
Walking Disaster is a Thriller, Science Fiction novel. It was released in 2011. Is that of interest?
I haven't read murder mystery, but I'll have to check it out
You're welcome!
The Matrix Reloaded was written by Lana Wachowski and stars Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, and Keanu Reeves. Do either of those actors interest you?
He's great! You might enjoy The Matrix or The Devil's Advocate.
The Matrix Revolutions also stars Keanu Reeves and Matthew McConaughey.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes she composed Titanium. Are you a fan of her music?
Yes she did it was the MTV Video Music Award for Best Chorography. Have you seen it?
Yes, she is on the bucket list as well. I am guessing her music out, but I haven't heard anything from her.
Lana Wachowski directed The Matrix Revolutions, The Matrix Revolutions, and The Matrix Revolutions.
Then I would recommend you check out Vampire Academy, starring Katharine McPhee.
It is, it's considered a thriller and romance film. Do you like those types of movies?
Do you like Blood Promise because it is written by Richelle Mead or young adult fiction genre?
She also wrote a book called Blood Promise, have you read it?
It was also written by Richelle Mead, It was also released in 2011, have you seen the film?
Yes, Leigh Dragoon also wrote Blood Promise
Did you like Mission Impossible because it starred Tom Cruise or because it was a Action/Adventure movie?
The Lego Movie starred Will Smith and Morgan Freeman, who also starred in The Dark Knight
Another similar movie is The Lego Movie starring Morgan Freeman, Bruce Willis, and Tyler Mane.
Yes, he was in Zookeeper and Wonder Woman. Are you a fan of those movies?
Yes, I hope you enjoy it!
Tom Skerritt starred in Ted, which is a comedy.
Ted Danson is a romantic comedy. Do you like comedies?
You're welcome!
You might like The Missing. It was written by Maruice Hindle. Would you like more information on him?
Yes, also written by Percy Bysshe Shelley, have you read it?
Yes, they are also written in English, are you a fan of the genre?
Yes, he wrote The Silence of the Lambs. Are you a fan of suspense?
It was released in 1856. Would you like to know anything else?
Yes, she did. It was released in 1856. Would you like to know more?
I know they are coached by John Fox and Jerry Richardson owns the team
The Dallas Cowboys are a great team, so I guess she is a great player as well.
I love hockey, do you have a favorite sport?
Yes, there is a sequel to Toy Story starring Tom Hanks
Yes, many of the stars are in Toy Story 3 and John Lassister
It's a great movie! Will Smith and Rosario Dawson are also in it, too!
Yes, I will send it to you now!
Yes, Blake Griffin is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Do you like basketball?
I'm not sure, but I know he plays for the Houston Rockets.
I like basketball and baseball. What team do you follow?
Blade Runner is a sci-fi adventure film released in 2012. Are you a fan of sci-fi?
William Sanderson also stars in the sci-fi film X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
It also stars Julianne Moore and Vince Vaughn. Are you a fan of either actors?
Bood Diamond starred Robert De Niro and Kate Winslet. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Did you know that Leonardo DiCaprio starred in a romantic comedy The Messenger? It is a thriller.
Of course, Stephen Collins also starred in "The Wolf of Wall Street" and "The Doom Generation."
He starred in Match Point. Have you seen that one?
It's considered a romantic comedy.
The Way is a romantic comedy. Do you like romance movies?
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it.
Law Abiding Citizen is starring F. Gary Gary who directed The Italian Job which you might like.
Roger Bart also wrote Law Abiding Citizen and Richard Portnow. Have you seen either of those films?
Great! You might also like Catch-22 which is a psychological thriller and a suspense.
It was written by Christopher Nolan who also wrote The Fifth Element.
Another sci-fi movie you might like is War of the Worlds.
You're welcome!
Yes, she has an amazing voice. I am a huge fan of hers, do you like any other type of music?
I am not sure of any of her songs. I know she has a good voice. She also has some good voices. What's your favorite genre?
Yes, Lady Gaga has some great songs. Did you know she was in a romantic relationship with Gaga?
Sure! He wrote The Last Don, a suspense fiction book. Have you read that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you it was released in 2005.
Yes, but I'm not sure about that. I do know that it was written by Carlos Ruiz Zafon and was released in 2011.
She wrote The Red Tent and The Last Days of Dogtown.
It is fiction
Anita Diamant also wrote The Red Tent
No problem
The Untouchables is starring Sean Connery who also starred in The Wind and the Lion
Another mafia movie is The World's End. Have you seen this one?
It is a great movie, have you seen The Godfather Part II?
It is starring Tika Sumpter and Thomas Lennon
You're welcome!
No, I have not, it was written by Preston and directed by Roland Emmerich
It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes I would highly recommend it , I highly recommend it .
Sarah Michelle Gellar is the lead in this movie
Sure, have a great day
Sure! Margaret Stohl wrote Beautiful Creatures, Beautiful Creatures, The Happy Prince, and The Green Mile. Have you read any of these?
It's considered a Romance and Novel.
I'm not sure about that. I believe it was based on a book.
Glad to help, I hope she like it!
Yes, Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time is a similar movie to Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time.
You might like The Looking Glass Wars, or The Golden Compass.
Daniel Radcliffe stars in Dungeons & Dragons.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
The wedding girl, Mirandas big mistake are some of them
Sophie Kinsella wrote Wedding Night and Twenties Girl
It is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy them.
She wrote Graceling, Fire, and Bittterblue. Do you like Romace, Fantasy or Speculative fiction?
Yes, it is a romance novel
Sue Grafton, Voyager
No problem
She wrote A Tree Grows In Brooklyn that was released in 1943. Have you read that one?
I remember it was released in 1943
Yes it was
Yes, I am a fan! Are you a fan of the England Patriots?
Thanks for the info, I am not a huge fan of Chelsea. What team do you like?
I am more of a baseball fan. What about the New York Mets do you like?
I am more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. What is your favorite team?
Yes, he is an actor. He starred in Zodiac, The Social Network and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
Yes, I have seen it, but I haven't seen it yet. Do you like movies starring David Fincher?
Yes, he's directed a lot of great movies, including Full Frontal, Thunderbolt, and Air Force One, just to name a few. Have you seen any of those?
Yes i do one of them is Shackleton which is an action film.
Kevin McNally, Kenneth Branagh also starred in Shackleton
It was released in 2010
He starred in The Princess and the Frog. Have you seen that movie?
He wrote a number of books in the genre of Children's Literature.
If you are into fantasy you should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
You are welcome.
Sarah Dressen wrote a romance novel called The nanny Diaries. Would you like to hear more of her books?
I think I'd have a good read. It's actually more of a historical fiction, so I would highly recommend it.
No problem! I hope you enjoy it!
Amazing Spider-Man 2 stars Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield. It is an adventure film.
Yes he is. Emma Stone is also married to J.J. Abrams.
Yes, Rashida Jones played a role in The Social Network. Did you know that Rashida Jones starred in The Social Network?
You're welcome!
I know he wrote the book, Things Fall Apart. Did you know that he's an author as well?
Have you heard of The Devil Wears Prada? It was also written by Chinua Achebe.
Yes it is a great movie starring Robert De Niro and Angelina Jolie too.
You are welcome have a good day.
Do you like Quentin Tarantino movies starring Pulp Fiction?
Yes, Jamie Foxx starred in it.
You're welcome
Mitch Alborn wrote Tuesdays with Morrie, have you read this one yet?
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre Memoir, Biography, and memoir
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre Fiction as well as fiction. Do you like those genres?
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta. Is that something you'd like to know?
It starred Keanu Reeves, who also starred in Ninja Assassin
I think it is a great rom-com. I'm a fan of rom-com
Yes, I like Echoes of Silence too. Have you ever seen it?
It was so good. It was a heck of a sequel to The Weeknd, but I would have to say it does.
Yes I do. It is a mystery/suspense book by John Grisham. Are you into that?
Yes, he wrote a lot of thriller novels in the genre of suspense, crime fiction, thriller and horror. Which of those do you like?
It was released in 1981. Another great suspense novel would be Shark Night. It is also a mystery.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes. It was written in English and is also in the English language.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy the books!
Green Eggs and Ham was written by Dr. Seuss. He also wrote The Cat in the Hat and Other Dr. Seuss Favorites.
The Cat in the Hat, Hop on Pop and There's a Wocket in My Pocket are some of his works. Have you read any of them?
Yes, There's a Wocket in My Pocket is a great one, as well as The Cat in the Hat and There's a Wocket in My Pocket.
You're welcome.
I love him! He is one of my favorite singers. I think he is friends with Maroon 5 and Roger Federer.
I do as well. Do you like his music?
X Factor is a great movie. X Factor stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Jake Gyllenhaal
He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
Yes it is! X-Men: First Class is considered sci-fi.
I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, it was written by William Shakespeare. Are you a fan of his?
He also wrote Romeo and Juliet, A Midsummer Night's Dream, and Twelfth Night.
Have you tried The Looking Glass Wars yet? It is written by Frank Beddor.
No problem.
Sure! Anthony Hopkins starred in Bobby, The Edge, and The Edge. Have you seen those?
Yes, Anthony Hopkins also starred in Bobbye. Do you like him?
I am not sure when it was released, but I do know it was written by Larry Crowne
Anthony Hopkins starred in Tropic Thunder, The Longest Ride, and The Sting.
I hope you enjoy it
Have you seen Wizard and Glass? It's one of my favorites of mine.
Yes, he did. It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
He was influenced by Tom Hanks, Tom Cruise, and Julie Kavner.
Yes, The Graveyard Book is considered children's literature in the genre of mystery, children's literature, and children's literature.
Glad to help, enjoy it!
It stars Scarlett Johansson and Matt Letscher. Do you like romance movies?
It stars Scarlett Johansson and was released in 2014.
Great! Anything else I can help you with today?
Scarlett Johansson also stars in Under the Skin, and Apocalypse Now.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Yes! It stars Vivica A. Fox and David Carradine and is an Action Film. Have you seen it?
Vivica A. Fox starred in Why Do Fools Fall In Love and Wild Ones. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, he also starred in Pulp Fiction, have you seen that one?
I know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt and owned by Bud Adams. Are you a fan of the team?
I think Bud Adams is a midfielder, and he was born in Houston, Texas.
I don't really know anything about him. I do know he was born in Houston, Texas.
Robert Duvall starred a few Americam Film like tha Apostle, God Father. Have you seen this movie?
Yes, he also wrote The Apostle. It's a Historical period drama.
Of course, Witches Abroad and The Last Apostle are also in that genre, are you familiar with them?
Christina Perri is an American poet, songwriter, and playwright. Are you a fan of his?
no I didn't know she played that. do you like her?
i didnt know he also plays for Manchester United F.C.
that is true. do you like any other players?
I think he is a great artist, but I don't know much about him. What other sports do you like?
Have you heard anything from him?
Did you know he recently starred in some movies as well?
Yes, The Fellowship of the Ring is based on the book. It is written by J.R.R. Tolkien.
I am not sure, but Sean Bean starred in The Good Doctor.
Yes, Christopher Lee was in The Silence of the Lambs, The Shawshank Redemption, and The Shawshank Redemption.
The Battle of Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan, who also wrote The Titan's Curse.
Yes, The Blood of Olympus. It is also part of the Titan's Curse series.
Well, Greek Mythology has genre Speculative fiction, fantasy, and adventure. Do you like any of these genres?
You're welcome!
He directed The Simpson's Movie. Have you seen that?
He also directed The Simpsons movie, which is a comedy. Do you like comedy genres?
He also directed The Chipmunk Adventure. It's a great family movie.
Enjoy it!
She wrote Shadow and Wicked. Are you a fan of musical theatre?
Yes, Wicked also starred Jennifer L. Armentrout and was released in 2011.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, Armentrout also wrote Wicked.
You're welcome.
Yes, I know she wrote The Pillars of the Earth which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Braveheart also starred Ned Beatty who is a great actor.
It was released in 2013.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I do! He wrote The Bone Clocks which is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
It's written in English and is also in the English language. Did you enjoy it?
It was written in English. Did you know it won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction?
No problem. Enjoy!
Yes, he directed Super with Rob Zombie and Slither with Jenna Fischer and they all star in the movie.
Slither is starring Billie Jean, Emilio Estevez, and Kevin Bacon.
He also starred in The Transporter and Taken 2. Do you like his movies?
I'll add them to your list now.
Sure, he wrote The Merchant of Venice and Much a do About Nothing. I can tell you a little about them.
Yes, it was written by Paul Werstine
Yes, it was written by William Golding.
Elysium is a thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like thrillers?
The movie Elysium is a good sci-fi movie. The sequel to Elysium is Zero Dark Thirty.
He's been in a lot of movies, actually. He was in The Polar Express, The Mist, and The Green Mile.
If you liked Gravity, you might also like X-Men 2, Transformers or Vanilla Sky.
I hope you enjoy it!
I think his last album was released in 2016. Do you like it?
I'm not sure. But i'm more of a baseball fan. What sport do you like?
Have you heard of The Assassination of Jesse Jame? It is a nice one.
Not really a fan of them, but I've been to a couple of concerts. What do you think of them?
Are you in to Chinese? Since most of his books are written in a weird language
It was released in 1866
Whats the genre of it?
I know that he is a Brazilian jiu-jitsu champion?
I don't know anything else he plays, but he was also born in Rio de Janeiro. Are you a fan?
I don't know anything about Miesha, what sport does she play?
He wrote A Brief History of Time: From The Big Bang to Black Holes which was released in 1996
Sure thing! Stephen Hawking wrote The Universe in a Nutshell, The Grand Design, and A Brief History of Time. Would you like to know more?
It stars Billie Jean and John Ratzenberger. It's a great sci-fi film.
Have a great day.
I do! I like his song New Perspective. What is your favorite song of his?
That's a great book that was written by Frances Mayes. Would you like more books written by this author?
Under Magnolia was released in 2001.
Under Magnolia was released in 2001.
Brad Garrett starred in Underdog ,The Pacifier,The Country Bears and The Clockwork Girl among others
The Pacifier is a genre of Thriller and Action.
Underdog is considered a comedy/drama.
Enjoy!
Sure, do you enjoy crime or dramas?
The Escapist is a thriller and stars Seu Jorge. It is a thriller.
Yes. He also starred in The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou. Have you seen that?
He wrote Thirteen Reasons Why and The Future of Us. Have you read either of those?
Of course, I also like Short Second Life because it is written by Jed Brophy.
At the moment you can check out Out of the Dust by Jay Asher. It is also young adult fiction.
It was released in 1996. Would you like to read it?
I hope you enjoy it.
City of Lost souls is written by Cassandra Clare. Are you interested in young adult fiction?
Yes, The Mortal Instruments was released in 2001.
I'm not sure. But I can tell you that The Mortal Instruments was also released in that year.
You Are Not So Smart. I hope you like them.
The Historian was written by Elizabeth Kostova and released in 1999. It is a suspense thriller. Do you like suspense?
Yes I can. If you like suspense, you might also want to check out Without Fail. It is written by Dick Hill.
If you like Thrillers you should try Without Fail. It is written by Jonathan Kellerman.
You're welcome. I'll add it to your list.
Are you a fan of young adult fiction?
Did you like it because it was starring Tate Donovan, or because it was a Romance?
Yes, he did. If you are a fan of him, you should check out Welcome to Sarajevo.
It's considered a comedy-romance and drama.
You're welcome!
Sure. Didn't that movie star Robert Downey Jr.? If you like his movies, you might try The Avengers or One Night Stand.
The Ghost is an action and adventure film.
Yes, Val Kilmer is in it as well. If you like Val Kilmer, you should check it out.
You are welcome.
Sure, Rupert Sanders directed Snow White and the Huntsman. Have you seen that?
She did, she was also in Dream Girls, have you seen it?
He also wrote The Thin Red Line, have you heard of it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Mark of Athena is a Greek mythology book written by Rick Riordan. It is part of a series.
Yes, The Titan's Curse is a great one, would you like me to send it to you?
You're welcome!
I think that he's a great songwriter as well. Did you know he is friends with Selena Gomez?
Did you know she starred in The Muppets, which is a comedy film? She also starred in Princess Protection Program and The Wedding Date.
Yes, he was in What Happens in Vegas, which is a comedy.
I love her! Did you know she was in Men in Black 3?
Yes, Will Smith also starred in it, I'm a big fan of Will Smith.
Yes he was, he was also in it. Michael Ealy was also in He's a Wonderful Life.
Sure! He starred in Terms of Endearment. Have you seen that one yet?
Have you seen You've Got Mail? It's one of my favorite comedies.
Yes Man is a great movie with a great cast. It's also considered a comedy and a comedy, too.
Sure! Evan Goldberg has directed This is the End, The Interview, and This is the End. He also directed The Interview.
Great! Emma Watson also starred in This is the End, you should check it out.
Yes, This is the End is considered a comedy as well as a comedy. You might like it.
Enjoy!
Yes, John G. Avildsen wrote the Karate Kid and he also directed the Karate Kid.
Yes, Sylvester Stallone also wrote The Tempest. You might like that one.
The Last Dragon is starring Sylvester Stallone, Teri Garr, and Ray Winstone
Yes, she is. She starred in The Cosby Show which is a comedy.
You're welcome!
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan? If so you'll like Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
The Queen of Attolia is a historical period drama
No problem, Do you need any other recommendations?
There are 4 parts in this series, but I am not sure.
Yes, I do not have that information
You are welcome
Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Amazement
Yes, Jean M. Auel also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone. Have you read either of those?
The Shelters of Stone is a historical novel released in 1993. It is the second book to The Clan of the Cave Bear.
That's a great book. It was written by John Scalzi, who also wrote The Plains of Passage.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He starred in a lot of movies. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Unforgivable Blackness also starred Jason Statham and Kevin Costner.
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Wishsong of Shannara, and A Bug's Life.
Yes, he did star in that movie as well.
I know he plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders and was born in Delhi.
I am more of a football fan. What sport do you like to watch?
I do. I love tennis. Do you like Serena Williams?
What sport do you like?
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
Oh, I love Michael Jordan! He's a great actor. What's your favorite actor?
I love it, I think Ivan Reitman. Ivan Reitman is awesome in it too.
I am not a huge football fan but I do know that they are having a good season this year
It was written by Rick Riordan and it's a Young-adult fiction.
It is speculative fiction
The Golden Compass is a good fantasy novel
Have you read The Great Gatsby or The Beautiful and Damned?
This Side of Paradise was released in 1926, have you read it?
You'll like This Side of Paradise, it's in the same series as Fifty Shades of Grey. Have you read those?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Did you like Michael Crichton because he wrote a book with him?
Yes, he also wrote a book similar to Crichton, which is also a movie.
Robin Cook is a young adult fiction writer. Would you like to know more about Robin Cook?
You're welcome. Enjoy the books!
Well, Ratatouille is a classic! He also starred in The Incredible Burt Wonderstone and The Incredible Burt Wonderstone.
Yes, Jason Lee also starred in Ratatouille. He also starred in The Iron Giant.
You are welcome. Enjoy the movie!
Great Expectations: Pip's Name and Going Astray: Dickens and London.
Yes it is a biography
She also wrote a book called Ruby in the Smoke, it is a biography
Have you heard You Need Me, I Don't Need You?
No, it was not sang. Are you a fan of his?
Have you heard You Need Me, I Don't Need You?
It is speculative fiction written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Siddhartha was written by Hermann Hesse. Would you like books by Hesse?
It was written by Roger Zelazny. Would you like to know other books by him?
He also wrote Wilde and Unfortunate Hours.
You're welcome!
Yes, it's a great movie. It also stars Orlando Bloom and Billy Boyd. Do you like Fantasy movies?
Then you might also enjoy The Hunger Games and The Golden Compass.
I haven't heard of that! Is it a fiction genre?
Sure, Charles Dickens wrote The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes, are you interested you interested in more books by him?
Great, I will add it to your list.
It is a crime fiction. Do you like that genre?
I am not sure, but Arthur Conan Doyle wrote The Memoir of Sherlock Holmes is also a Detective fiction.
The Girl on the Train was written by Paula Hawkins and André Téchiné
The Girl on the Train was written by Reese Witherspoon. It was released in 2012
I'm not sure filmed it, but The Girl on the Train was filmed in New York. Have you seen it?
Yes, Sam Smith is a great Singer. I love his music. Do you like his music?
I love her fathers music. Did you see her in the movie White Oleander?
Yes, I love her! She is a great actress. She is a voice actor, producer, and actor.
Yes, I do! He starred in Thir13en Ghosts, The Big Lebowski, and the 3rd Rock From The Sun. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, Nora Dunn starred in Three Kings
Do you like Drama movies or Movies in general?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995.
Yes, it was also written by Christopher Bigsby
Yes, it is a drama. Do you like drama?
Yes, Christopher Bigsby also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it.
Mark Margolis starred in The Wrestler, The Fountain, and The Silkworm.
Yes, Marisa Tomei starred in The Hiding Place and The Virgin Suicides.
No, I don't. But I'm sure she starred in The Wrestler.
No, The Wrestler is a great movie, I think you will enjoy it!
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it.
He directed Legend of Tarzan and Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. Do you like dramas?
Yes, you may also like Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, which is also written by J.K. Rowling.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Joseph Heller wrote The Dark Knight and The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club. Have you read those yet?
Historical fiction is a great one. Another historical fiction piece is The Green Mile.
Enjoy!
Sure, Stefan Kapicic starred in Deadpool. Are you interested in movies like Deadpool or just movies with Stefan Kapicic?
It also starred Phyllida Law and Stefan Kapicic. Do you like either of those actors?
It is a superhero movie. Do you like superhero movies?
Yes, it was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus.
Yes it was written by J.K. Rowling
Sure, she wrote We Were Liars, The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks, and The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks. Have you read any of those?
That's correct. Frankie Landau-Banks is in English. Did you read it?
You're welcome. Enjoy.
Interstellar starred Matthew McConaughey, Mackenzie Foy and Anne Hathaway. Would you like more movies in this genre?
If you like Sci-Fi you might also enjoy X-Men: The Last Stand or World War Z.
Another good Sci-Fi movie is X-Men: First Class. Have you seen that one yet?
It stars Steve Buscemi, and Sullivan Stapleton, have you seen it?
Great, I'll add this one to your list for you to check out.
I do! He starred in We Rode in Trucks, have you seen it?
It is a pop music similar to I Don't Want This Night to End.
It's kind of a hip hop as well.
He directed Equilibrium a drama and Ultraviolet
They are great actors in that movie. It also stars Emily Watson. Are you a fan of hers?
She is a great actress. Did you know she starred in Mrs. Doubtfire? It is a drama
No problem, enjoy!
He is a singer-songwriter. Some of his most famous songs include Empty Garden and The Verdict
He also wrote Me Guilty.
It is non fiction
Do you like The Selection because it is written by Kiera Cass or because it is a Young-adult fiction?
She also wrote The Siren, The Prince, and The Prince. Have you read any of these?
Hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome
He wrote Waking Life, which stars Ethan Hawke.
It is. He also starred in Trouble with Harry. Have you seen that?
You are welcome. Hope you like it!
He directed Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
It was written by John Green. Are you interested in other books by him?
Yes, John Green also wrote Paper Towns.
Another great book is Paper Towns.
I'm glad I could help.
Yes, Good Will Hunting is directed by Matt Damon. Do you like dramas?
He actually did. He also directed Pretty Little Liars, which is an Indie film. Have you seen it?
Yep! That's a great movie. Did you know he also starred in The Matrix Revolutions? That is also a drama.
I'm sure you'll love it!
He wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames and Naked. Have you read either of those?
He's written a lot of books like When You Are Engulfed in Flames and SantaLand Diaries. Are you a fan of adventure books?
I haven't heard of them either. I know he was influenced by O'Connor. He was also a teacher
It was written by E. Lockhart in 2014 and was released in 2014.
He wrote The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks, and that's the only one I can find. Would you like to know anything else?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote Thirteen Moons and Cold Mountain. Are you a fan of either of those?
Thirteen Moons is considered a historical novel. It is a historical novel. Do you like that genre?
Thirteen Moons was written by Charles Frazier. It is also a historical novel.
You're welcome.
I have not heard much about BTS, other than they are a K-pop musician. Are you a fan of his?
Oh, yes. I think he is a great boy band. I also like their tandem with Will Smith.
Scott O'Dell starred Island of the Blue Dolphins. Have you seen that movie?
He wrote Island of the Blue Dolphins which was released in 1960.
Yes, he wrote a book with that name in 1960. Would you like to know more about him?
He's a good Table Tennis player. Are you a fan?
Yes, he was. He was also in the 2012 Olympics.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
It is written by B.M. Mooyaart-Doubleday and was released in 1947
It is in English.
I don't know a lot about Eleanor Roosevelt, but I do know that she wrote a book called Dagboekbrieven 14 juni 1942
You're welcome!
That was written by Nicholas Pileggi and Martin Scorsese. It stars Vincent Pastore, Vincent Pastore, Martin Scorsese, and Martin Scorsese. Are you interested in any of these actors?
Goodfellas is a drama. Robert DeNiro also starred in Starship Troopers.
Are you a fan of Robert DeNiro or Robert DeNiro?
What Just Happened is starring Natasha Richardson.
Yes, it is written by Art Linson and also starred Reese Witherspoon.
You are welcome!
Do you like this because it is a crime movie?
Robert De Niro is starring in What Lies Beneath as well, along with Holly Hunter
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
I know they are part of the NBA. They are coached by Doc Rivers and Brad Stevens. Do you like them?
What's your favorite team? I do know they play at Candlestick Park.
I do, I am a Lakers fan. Do you have a favorite team?
Oh wow, I think he's a good player. Speaking of basketball, did you know he won a NBA All Star Team award?
Sure, he starred in the Pianist. Are you familiar with that movie?
Yes Jason Statham also starred in Wonder Woman, have you seen that?
Yes I have it is directed by Simon West, would you like to know more about it
She wrote Tuck Everlasting, which is a fantasy novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Tuck Everlasting is considered a romance and yes it would be considered a classic.
Yes, it is a romance novel, similar to Captain Corelli's Mandolin.
Enjoy!
Stephen Chbosky wrote it. Did you like the movie because it was a comedy?
Roland Emmerich wrote The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Have you seen those?
Yes he did star in that movie, are you a fan of his?
You're welcome!
I know he starred in Gravity
Sorry, I don't have that information. But he was also in Gravity: Particle: Neutrino.
It was released in 2013. If you like that movie, I highly recommend it.
Yes, I can tell you that Scarlett Johansson starred in that as well. Gravity is also in the sci-fi genre. Would you like me to recommend similar movies?
You're welcome. I hope that you enjoy the movie!
I don't know much about Las Vegas, are they a football team?
I didn't know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't think so, I'm more of a football fan. What about you?
The prestige is written by Christopher Nolan
Yes, it starred Hugh Jackman and Christian Bale.
Rebecca Hall starred in WALL-E which is a romance film
I hope you enjoy them!
Catch 22 was written by Joseph Heller. It's a war novel. Do you like war books?
Yes, it is a war novel. Have you read it?
I would recommend Frances Hodgson. He is also a war novelist.
You are welcome
Yes, I do. He wrote Tempted, Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle-Earth. Are you looking for a specific genre?
It is a romance novel, similar to Untamed: A House of Night Novel.
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
Yes. It's a good book. It was written by Richard Maxwell. It's a historical novel. Do you like that book?
Yes, it is. Did you know it was written by John Green?
Yes, she did write that one as well. Did you know she also wrote A Tale of Two Cities?
You are welcome.
John Lasseter directed The Terminator and The City of Ember. Have you seen either of those?
It was released in 2004. Are you a fan of Tom Hanks?
Yes, Peter Jacobson also starred in the film. Are you a fan of his?
Of course, I hope you enjoy it!
He is ok but I think his Spouse Hayden Panettiere is great
She is a boxer and married to Hayden Panettire. Do you like boxing?
Yes, and Denzel Washington is talented too. If you are a fan of his, I would also recommend You, Me and Dupree, you should check it out.
The Denver Broncos are coached by Mike Zimmer and a part of the National Football League. Are you a fan?
I like the Dallas Cowboys, but I am a Chiefs fan. Which team is your favorite team?
Which team are you rooting for?
Yes, that was written by Terry Pratchett who also wrote The Last Hero.
Yes that is correct. Wyrd Sisters is also written by Terry Pratchett
Have you read Witches Abroad or Wolf Brothers? They are very good
He is on the Golden State Warriors. Are you a basketball fan?
I am not sure, but I know he is a basketball player
Yes, he is on the Golden State Warriors
No problem
Do you like him because he starred in The Silence of the Lambs?
Yes, Ted Tally starred in The Silence of the Lambs as well. It is also written by Ted Tally. Do you like thrillers?
Well, I'm sure you have heard of The Silence of the Lambs, but I haven't seen that one. I'll have to check it out. Thanks!
Enjoy the film!
Yes, I do! Are you a fan of either of those actors or of those actors?
Shia Lebouf also starred in Revenge of the Fallen. Did you know she also starred in that movie?
Yes, Shia Lebouf also starred in The Shawshank Redemption, have you seen that one?
I do. He is a basketball player who plays point guard. Do you follow basketball?
Yes, I am a fan of the Miami Heat. How about you?
Yes, they are all played in the Bulls. It's been a long time since they were runner-ups in the 90s.
I don't know about Hush Hush but I can recommend you movies like Unstoppable
Yes, it is a series , have you read the whole series?
Yes, it is a romance novel and it was written by Ann Brashares
Great, I hope you enjoy the series!
Thank you
He is a golf player from England. Do you like golf?
I am not a big fan of golf but I do know he is married to Angelina Jolie as well. Do you have a favorite sport?
I have seen Happy Gilmore. I know Adam Sandler was in that movie too.
I'm a fan of the Miami Dolphins. Didn't they lose Super Bowl XVII?
Do you have a favorite team?
They were runner ups to Super Bowl XVII right?
Yes, I know he wrote Rayuela. Are you a fan of his?
Rayuela was originally written in English and released in 1963. It was released in English.
You're welcome.
Anne-Marie is a singer. Is that what you mean?
No I did not know she is in a movie called The Giver. Did you know she is friends with Taylor Swift?
I'm glad I was able to help you!
Are you talking about the book Looking for Alaska written by John Green?
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars and Paper Towns.
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars and Paper Towns.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
He starred in Breakfast at Tiffany's and Murder by Death.
Yes, he also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and It's a Romance. Would you like to know more?
I've not seen it but I know it was written by Truman Capote. You should check it out.
Yes, I do! He starred in Tangled. Would you like to hear more of his movies?
That is correct. Mandy Moore was also in Tangled. Have you seen that one?
I would recommend Zoolander or You've Been Warned. Both are great animated films.
Yes, and Tim Allen also starred in Toy Story 3. It is an animated film.
Yes! He's so funny! I've been meaning to name a couple.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes it is a great movie. Do you like it because it is a thriller or science fiction?
Steven Speilberg also wrote The Goonies, it is a Sci-Fi movie. Have you seen it yet?
It was released in 1999 and is also a movie. Do you like movies released in 1999?
Great movie! It was written by Margaret Stohl and Kami Garcia. It was also turned into a movie.
He also starred in What's Your Number. It's a romantic comedy.
He also starred in Zombieland
You're welcome. Enjoy.
Marlon Brando is starring in the Godfather Part III, have you seen that movie?
Both Trent Reznor and Paul Giamatti directed the film.
No, he did not. He was also a director as well.
He has starred in many films, but a few that come to mind are Good Will Hunting and The Scent of a Woman.
Witless Protection is a crime drama. It also stars Jane Austen and Olivia Williams.
Of course! Other Crime films you might like include Shutter Island, The Prestige, and The Black Dahlia.
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo stars Alonzo Mantegna, Eddie Izzard, and Billie Jean
Glad to help!
Yes I do she is a singer. Is she a singer?
Anne-Marie is a singer like Paul McCartney and Jim Carrey
I am not sure about her. But I know she has a few albums like Rosemary's Baby, Lady Gaga, and Katy Perry right?
Yes, I am a huge fan of their music, I love their song One Step Closer. Do you like it?
I personally haven't heard any songs from their album, but I heard they are very good. I am a fan of theirs, do you know any of them?
They're pretty dynamic. I prefer alternative rock, do you like alternative rock or alternative rock?
Yes. Craig T. Nelson starred in movies like Remember the Titanic, Twilight, and The Princess and the Frog. Have you heard of any of these movies?
He was also in The Incredibles, have you seen it?
He also starred in Ratatouille, a historical drama. It is a very good movie.
Yes, he did. He also starred in Monster's Inc and The Casual Vacancy.
That's right! She was also in The Wedding Date and The Passage.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Sylvia Plath wrote Ariel and The Journals of Sylvia Plath. What kind of books do you like to read?
Of course, Sylvia Plath's most famous work is Ariel, The Collected Poems, and The Journals of Sylvia Plath.
No, I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But it was released in 1971.
I do, he was influenced by Selena Gomez, who also starred in Wicked
No, I haven't heard of it before. Is it a good song?
Yes, it's a whale movie starring Billie Jean. It was released in 1994.
Sure, he directed Deadpool and wrote Angelo Pizza. Do you like Deadpool?
Deadpool is a fantasy movie. Are you interested in fantasy movies?
I actually don't have that information, is there anything else I can help you with?
Ben Stiller also directed Tropic Thunder, you might like that one.
He wrote II Principe didn't he?
Il Principe was also written by Niccolo Machiavelli. He was also a musician!
Il Principe was also written by Niccolo Machiavelli. He was also a musician!
Il Principe was also written by Niccolo Machiavelli. He was also a musician!
Yes, he wrote The Last Samurai. Are you a fan?
I'm sorry, I do not have that information.
It is! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, she wrote The Color Purple which was also a play. Do you like books by female authors?
The Color Purple is genre Fantasy and released in 1982
Yes, it's a theatre. Are you a fan of any of the actors?
Memento is a book written by Christoper Nolan. It was later made into a movie. Are you a fan of this genre?
It is a psychological thriller, do you like that genre?
You are welcome, enjoy!
I think he plays for the France national football team. I don't follow soccer.
Real Madrid is a team coached by Fernando Hierro. Are you a fan?
I like them too, but I think they are a good team. Do you like them?
Yes, The Scarlet Letter was written by Marissa Meyer and released in 1838. It is a Romance Novel. Would you like more information on this?
John Irving wrote The Cider House Rules. It is a Fiction book. Does this interest you?
It is a similar one written by Garp.
It was released in 1995.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I do. F. Gary Gray wrote The Matrix Revolutions. Are you a fan?
Yes. She also starred in The Princess Mononoke, have you seen it?
It also stars Vivica A. Fox and is a Romance. Do you like Romance?
Of course! I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Tom Cruise starred in Ocean's Twelve. Have you seen that one?
The Fight Club is a Romance film that also stars George Clooney and Matt Damon. If you are a fan of these actors you might like Catch-22.
I don't know about a comedy, but I can tell you that The Scarlett Johansson is also in that movie.
Perhaps, he has starred in a movie called No Country for Old Men, which is a comedy.
You are welcome.
It's considered a romance, comedy, and romance. Do you like those kinds of books?
Other films in that genre include Wuthering Heights, The Matrix Revolutions, and Winter's Tale.
Yes it is! Other romance films you might like are Wuthering Heights and The Prestige.
Yes, he is an athlete that plays Cricket for the Mumbai Indians.
Do you have a favorite sport?
That's a interesting fact, I'm not entirely sure if he was born in India.
I think they are a great Lakers. If you like Los Angeles, you might also like The Staples Center or the San Diego Chargers.
Mike Brown is a good coach. I think he is a good coach. Do you like him?
Yes, Holes is written by Louis Sachar. It was released in 1897.
I can't find anything else he wrote, but he wrote some pretty good books, too.
Yes, Holes was written by Louis Sachar. I am happy that I could help you with that!
I know he plays basketball. He plays point guard. Do you like basketball?
I am not sure, but I do know he won a NBA Rookie of the Year Award in 2011.
They're in the NBA. Would you like me to add them to your list?
You're welcome!
He starred in Vulgar and The Butterfly Effect. Have you seen those movies?
Yes, Vulgar was written by Steven Spielberg and stars William H. Macy, Jim Sturgess and Jim Sturgess. It is a psychological thriller.
It's a good one. I think you'll enjoy it.
Kevin Smith is a writer and actor, and he starred in The Quick and the Dead, which is a comedy film.
Glad I could help. Enjoy the movie!
I know it is a soccer team, do you like soccer?
Not really, but i have heard of Manchester United F.C. who is a great player
It was written by Terry Goodkind and is considered High Fantasy. It was released in 1994.
Sure thing! Have you read The Pillars of the Earth, The Matrix Revolutions, or Wizard's First rule?
I believe it is a drama. It falls under the Novel genre.
Yes, Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell and released in 1949.
Nineteen Eighty-Four is a Biographical novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes he also wrote The Tale of Beedle the Bard.
It is a Historical novel. Do you like Historical Novels?
Great, I hope you enjoy it.
The Shadow of the Torturer is a historical novel.
I hope you enjoy them.
You're welcome.
I know he plays football, but I don't know much about him.
Wes Welker is a great team. Did you know he was born in Houston, Texas.
Stephen Gostkowski is a great American football coach, so I'm more of a football fan. Are you a Dallas Cowboys fan?
Yes I do! He is a celebrity boxer that fights Oscar De La Hoya. Are you a fan of his?
What would you think of Floyd Mayweather, Jr.?
Oh, I didn't know that. That's pretty interesting, I did know he was also a teacher as well.
The Time Machine was written by H.G. Wells who also wrote The War of the Worlds. Have you heard of that one?
It was written by Leslie Alexander. Are you interested in his work?
It is genre Historical period drama. Is that of interest?
If you liked Twilight, you might also like Vampire Academy, Sunshine, Hush hush, The Wicker Man or The Last Man.
There's a movie Twilight that stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Juliet. If you haven't seen either of those, I recommend it.
Of course, Youth in Revolt stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Steve Buscemi and is a comedy/romance and was released in 2012.
Along with C.D. Payne, I think you'll enjoy this movie.
He starred in The Social Network and The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you seen either of those?
The Amazing Spider-Man starred Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield. It is a historical fiction film. Does that interest you?
Yes she did. She also starred in The Spider-Man 2 and The Amazing Spider-Man 2.
The magic of Thinking Big and The Happiness Project are similar books written by Dale carnegie.
One of my favorites is How to Win Friends and Influence People. Have you heard of it?
He also wrote How to Win Friends and Influence People and How to Win Friends and Influence People.
You're welcome!
Do you like the New York Yankees?
Jack Reacher is starring Tom Cruise, Robert Duvall and David Oyelowo. It is a sci-fi adventure film.
Jack Reacher is a psychological thriller, and Jack Reacher is a psychological thriller. Is that of interest?
Shark Night stars Katharine McPhee, Joshua Leonard, and Joshua Leonard.
Yes, he's a good rapper. Do you like him?
Yes, I like him. He is a songwriter too.
Some of his songs include Empty Garden and Don't Go Breaking My Heart
Are you a fan of animated films? If so I would recommend The Incredible Burt Wonderstone.
Ratatouille is a romantic comedy. You might also like Ratatouille also written by William Weaver.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
It appears that it is directed by Mike Thurmeier, who also directed All the Real Girls
I'm sorry I don't have any other recommendations for a crime Thrillers. Is there anything else I can help you with?
It stars Johnny Depp and Lee Norris. Are you a real serial killer?
Great, I'll add them to your list.
It's a fiction novel and it was written by Paula McLain and released in 2011.
No, I haven't, but I heard it's a good read.
Circling the Sun was released in 2015.
Yes, it's in English. Enjoy!
Yes, she's a great singer. Did you know she starred in Some Kind of Miracle?
I am not a huge fan of Stronger but I have some other songs from her including Tip of My Tongue and You Love Me.
Yes, I did know she has a record label with American Idol. Are you a fan of this genre?
Yes, I do. i also like reality television shows, have you been a fan of any of those shows?
Yes, it was written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
If you enjoy Fantasy, you might also like The Looking Glass Wars. It is written by Frank Beddor.
Have you read The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones? It is also written by her as well.
No problem. Glad to help.
Yes, I do. Terry George wrote Hotel Rwanada. Have you seen it?
It is an adventure film.
I am not sure who starred in The Other Boleyn Girl, but I do know it is written by Terry George.
Yes, The Other Boleyn Girl is a Biographical Drama.
You can try The Monuments Men or The Limits of Control if you are in the same genre.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you The Other Boleyn Girl is starring Frank Finlay.
Absolutely, Franz Kafka wrote The Castle as well as Amerika
The Castle was originally published in 2003. It's considered a fantasy novel.
The Castle is a Historical period drama. It is actually part of a series, and is actually part of a trilogy.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Steven Spielberg directed The Goonies, A.I. Artificial Intelligence. Have you seen it?
I don't have that information, but he did direct Catch Me If You Can. Catch Me If You Can stars Sandra Bullock and Bill Pullman. Have you seen it?
Sure! Paula Hawkins wrote The Red Pony which was also written by Paula Hawkins.
I'm not sure, but it was directed by Paula Hawkins
Glad to help!
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren. what else can i answer for you?
The Siren is genre fantasy. Are you into that genre?
Yes, The Siren is a good one, and since she wrote The Selection, The Prince and The Queen. Both are considered young adult fiction.
It was written by Percy Bysshe Shelley and is a speculative fiction. Are you into that genre?
It was released in 1818. Are you interested in hearing about other Frankenstein books?
He also wrote The Sum of All Fears, which is a good one. Have you read it?
Yes she was, along with Ned Beatty, and Kate Winslet.
Yes, Paper Towns was written by John Green, who also wrote Will Grayson.
I have. Did you know that John Green also wrote Paper Towns?
Are you referring to Chris Paul who is a basketball player?
Yes he was, did you know he is a basketball player?
Yes they also become a point guard as well. Do you like basketball?
That's a great book! It was written by James Dashner in The Maze Runner books.
Glad I could help.
Yes, I have. I am going to add it to my list. Thanks for the information.
Do you like X-men because it is a sci-fi or action movie?
Rosario Dawson and Anne Hathaway starred in it. It's a Family Comedy. Do you like those kind of movies?
Volcano is starring Kevin Costner and Anthony Minghella, and was released in 2010.
Yes, it was written by both Craig Pearce and Bruce Willis. Are you a fan of their writings?
She was, quite a few of them were in that movie. It was written by Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was also in that movie, too.
In the film Missy Eliot starred in that movie as well, along with Zoe Kravitz.
You're welcome.
I know he plays soccer for the Portugal national football team, but I don't know much.
Not really. I am more of a soccer fan. What's your favorite team?
I like basketball. What is your favorite sport?
Anything else I can help you with?
I am not a huge football fan, but I do like the redskins. What is your favorite team?
Oh wow. They're the best in the league right now.
Alan Rickman starred in The Wildest Dream. Have you seen that movie?
It is a thriller starring Al Pacino. Do you like that actor or genre?
Have you seen The Doors? It is a drama/thriller similar to Oliver Stone.
Yes, Rodney Dangerfield also starred in That Thing You Do and also in The Prestige.
I hope you enjoy the movie!
Sure, he wrote The Little Prince and A Storm of Swords have you read them?
Yes Steve Careel is a good actor and he also starred in What Lies Beneath Her Feet.
The Incredible Burt Wonderstone was released in 2007.
You're welcome.
Well, Jason Derulo is a singer, songwriter, and songwriter. Do you like his music?
Yes I do, Jordan Sparks is a great singer too. Do you like his music?
I've never heard of her, but I do know she is a good singer. Do you like his music?
Sure, What Alice Forgot was released in 2009 by Liane Moriarty and was written by Liane Moriarty and was released in 2009. Are you interested in this author?
It was released in 2014. You may also like The Last Anniversary. It's a historical fiction, too.
The Farthest Shore is similar to Ender's Game.
Speaker of the Dead is also speculative fiction
Speaker of the Dead is written by Waylander, are you aware of this author?
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy
Sure, Aladdin was written by John Grisham and he starred in The Litigators. Are you interested in more movies starring Aladdin?
The Princess and the Frog is directed by Jon Davison, would you like me to send it to you?
You're welcome
I love Lady Gaga. Did you know she starred in The Muppets a musical comedy film that also starred Scarlett Johansson?
Yes, Lady Gaga has a great cast. Did you know she acted in a remake?
Yes, she was, The Muppets is a great movie, have you seen it?
Coldplay is a band with Chris Martin as the lead. Do you like their music?
I like Yellow too. I think you will like it, did you have a favorite one?
No, they did not. I'm not sure about that.
Sure! He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen that?
He has starred in a romantic comedy called The Fugitive. It is a comedy.
Yes she is. She also starred in Three Cups of Tea.
You are welcome.
Kahil Gilbran wrote You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger and The Amazing Spider-Man
The genre is historical period drama. what else can i answer for you today?
The Prophet was released 1978. what else can i answer for you today?
you are welcome
Yes, he is a celebrity. He starred in Shrek 2 and Monsters Inc.
Sure, a few of his songs like Yuvraj Singh, Selena Gomez, and Prince of Tides
It is a pop genre. Do you like that type of genre?
Yes, he's a great writer. Did you know he wrote The Swan Thieves was released in 2013?
It is about a father dealing with the accusation that his 14-year-old son is a murderer
It was released in 2004
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Wolverine is a thriller, so you might like The Life Before Her Eyes or The Avengers.
Rise of the Guardians is a Drama movie
William Joyce wrote Rise of the Guardians, which is a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome
The movie Red stars actors and actresses Morgan Freeman, do you like it because it's a crime fiction?
He starred in The Last Dragon, The Bodyguard, and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen any of those?
He also starred in The Black Dahlia, and To Kill a Mockingbird.
It was written by Richelle Mead.
Great movie Shooter is written by Stephen Hunter and starring Tate Donovan. It is a crime fiction. Do you like that genre?
Shooter is starring Shia LaBeouf, Megan Fox, and Josh Brolin.
Yes, Tate did star in The O.C.. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I hope you enjoy it.
Did you like the film because it was starring Marlon Brando?
Have you seen Scarface? It is a great crime movie.
I am not sure who is in Training Day.
Of course, Maleficent stars Sam Neill, Stephanie Sigman, and Olivia Wilde. Would you like to know more about the actors?
Sure! She also starred in The Wedding Date and The Scarlet Letter. Have you seen either of those?
Yep. Mr. Smith was also in Mr. Smith. Have you seen it?
Yes I did. Did you know Owen Wilson starred in that movie?
Owen Wilson is so funny. I didn't know he was in that movie, but he did a good job.
Yes he plays for the Green Bay Packers.
He plays the Midfielder, and he is a midfielder.
He's a Midfielder and plays the Midfielder.
I know he plays soccer for the Real Madrid C.F. from Portugal. You like soccer
It is a soccer movie, do you like soccer?
Yes, he is the captain of the Portugal national football team.
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Would you like to hear about other films in that genre?
Yes he starred and starred in Edge of Tomorrow.
You might be interested to check out Shadow of the Giant or Shadow of the Giant.
Yes, do you like Love Bill Murray because it is an action film?
I'll add that to your list. Enjoy!
That movie stars Leonardo DiCaprio and is a romance movie. Are you a fan of those actors?
I like romantic comedies, but I also like Elf.
Both of these movies are considered murder mystery, but I would say it is more of a Gothic fiction or a romantic comedy genre
I haven't seen Pacifier, is it a thriller?
Margaret Stohl wrote Beautiful Redemption and Beautiful Creatures. Have you read either of those ?
Some of her most famous books are Dream Dark and Beautiful Creatures. Have you read those?
I'm not sure about that, I don't have any information on that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am not a fan of the Yankees. They are in the American League which is my favorite team!
He was born in Los Angeles. Are you a fan of the Yankees?
The movie was written by J.K. Rowling and stars Tika Sumpter
I can't remember who produced it, but I know it was written by Steve Oedekerk
I'm not sure what else he wrote, but I can tell you that he also wrote Assault on Precinct 13, starring Tom Petty.
I'm not sure of the genre, but I do know it was written by Stephenie Meyer and he also directed it
It is a comedy as well written and directed by Ridley Scott.
Do you want to know other movies starring Michael Rapaport?
Yes, Good Will Hunting stars Matt Damon and was written by Winston Groom. Do you like dramas?
It is a great movie, Robin Williams starred in it as well.
No, I haven't seen that movies I have heard of them.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I do like them because they are owned by M Denise Debartolo York and they were the runner-up in super bowl XLVII
Yes, I did he was a great player. I like the 49ers, though.
Yes, I do like the Steelers, though, he was a QB for the Seahawks.
Are you referring to the one written by Colleen McCullough?
The Women of Brewster Place was written by William Golding.
The Women of Brewster Place stars Gloria Naylora and Billie Jean-Marie MacDonald.
She starred in The Princess and the Frog and The Lion, The Witch and the Wardrobe.
You should check it out.
Sure! Dark Lover is speculative fiction novel written by J.R. Ward and was released in 2005. Have you read it?
That's great, did you know Tyrannosaur Canyon was released in 2005? That's a great historical fiction novel.
The Mist was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Zoe's Tale, and Xenocide.
You might like Zoe's Tale, Xenocide or World Without End, also written by J.K. Rowling.
Certainly, anything else I can help you with?
She starred in Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Do you like adventure films?
Stephen King is a horror film and it also stars Xzibit and Avatar.
I'd recommend checking it out.
Enjoy.
He starred in The Invasion and Downfall.
The Invasion starred Thomas Lennon and Michael Caine, have you seen it?
That's the only one I know she was in. I'm not sure what else she's been in, but I do know she was also in Bridesmaids.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, he is an American professional basketball player for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association.
I don't have information about that, but I know she starred in The Matrix Reloaded which is a romantic comedy.
All I know is she starred in Lady Gaga. Did you know she was in Men in Black 3?
No, I haven't. I'll have to check it out, thanks for the info!
It also stars Will Smith. I'm sure you'll like it if you'd like to see it.
Martin Gardner wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you read that?
It was also written by Mark Twain. It's considered a self-help book.
Yes, Victor J.J. Abrams also wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-Believer.
You are welcome.
Yes, do you like it because it is a fantasy or a drama?
Well, he starred in The Good Doctor, which is a thriller. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure if he starred in Zulu, but he also starred in Troy, which Orlando Bloom starred.
You're welcome!
Yes, She is a writer. She wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath. Have you heard of it?
Yeah, Rickie Fowler is an American athlete. He plays golf. Do you play the sport?
Yes I love Adam Sandler in that movie, I also like Caddyshack.
Yes, I loved Hot Tub Time Machine too. Have you seen it?
Yes, he wrote The Butterfly Effect starring William Lee Scott.
The Butterfly Effect is a psychological thriller and horror film. It stars Brad Pitt. Are you a fan of his?
I hope that I could help you with anything else?
Now You See Me is starring Will Smith. Will Smith starred in this movie
It is a drama/fantasy starring Jack Nicholson and Johnny Depp.
I haven't seen Crime Dramas, can i answer for you?
Sure, do you like movies starring Valerie Tian?
You might enjoy The Maze Runner or The Devil's Advocate.
Yes, it is a comedy-drama film. Do you like comedies?
Bradley Cooper is a great actor. I think you'd like if you'd like to watch it.
Bradley Cooper has been in lots of movies. One of them is Yes Man, The Words, and The Fifty Shades of Grey
Yes, he also starred in Dumb and Dumber, which is comedy movies
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans which is fiction. Are you interested in that genre?
Yes, it was released in 2012 by Shel Silverstein and was directed by Shel Silverstein. Are you a fan of either of them?
You might like The Sea Wolf. It is a thriller and stars Katharine McPhee
If you like thrillers you should check out Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
George Clooney wrote Lullaby.
Hmmm, I'm not sure. But it's also written by Chuck Palahniuk.
Yes, I love that movie Shooter is written by Stephen Hunter and starring Tate Donovan.
The O.C is a great movie. Did you know Tate Donovan was in Walking Tall, have you seen it yet?
He was also in Pretty Little Liars, which was a comedy. Have you seen it yet?
While You Were Sleeping has genre Family, Comedy, and Action. Do you like those genres?
Rocky is a great movie. It was written by Sylvester Stallone. Other movies in this genre include The Fighter, The Devil Wears Prada, The Man from Snowy River
There is a movie starring Sylvester Stallone called The Expendables 2 and Monsters Inc.
Undisputed is an action and adventure film.
You're welcome!
Yes, At the Water's Edge is similar to Water for Elephants.
Well, there's Something about Mary starring Anne Hathaway. It's a historical period drama.
I'm not sure, but it's a good historical period drama.
No problem.
I didn't know he was a basketball player. I think he played point guard. Do you like basketball?
I am not a huge basketball fan. Are you a basketball fan?
Yes, but since Griffin hasn't been there, I'm a huge fan of sports, what's your opinion
Oh wow, what's your favorite team?
Sure! The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time by Mark Haddon has genre Mystery. Do you like mystery movies?
He wrote The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time by Mark Haddon. Have you read it?
The Godfather is written by Francis Ford Coppola, who also directed The Apocalypse Now
It is, similar to Captain EO, are you a fan of Marlon Brando?
Yes, Apocalyps Now is a good movie. Apocalypse Now is a classic.
I would definitely recommend The Godfather Part II, Titanic, and The Son of Neptune if you haven't seen those.
Yes I do. Did you know she starred in The Matrix Reloaded? That's one of my favorites.
Another similar film is No Country for Old Men, have you seen it?
Yes, I have a few music like Wildcats with Goldie Hawn, But I don't know a lot
Certainly is a Parody. He also starred in The Casual Vacancy and The House of Silk
No problem. Enjoy
Of course, Meg Cabot wrote The King's Speech, a historical fiction novel. Do you like those types of books?
Underworld: fable and adventure
I don't have any other recommendations, but she wrote The King's Speech which is a drama.
You're welcome!
Insomnia is a thriller like Insomnia. Do you like thrillers?
It was directed by David Fincher and released in 2017. It is also considered a thriller and horror film.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Can I help you with anything else?
It's a good one! I hope you enjoy it.
Do you like he starred in movies like Winnie the Pooh? He was in that.
How about Alice's Adventures in Wonderland?
It was released in 1985. Are you a fan of his?
Yes I do, she is a tennis player. Do you like her?
Oh I know a lot about tennis but I don't watch much either. What sport do you like?
Oh wow. I'm not really into tennis but I know she lost to Serena Williams
Yes, I do like them because they are owned by M Denise Debartolo York and they were the runner-up in super bowl XLVII
Yeah, that's correct. I liked Tuesday Night Live about the 49ers. Did you know that they were coached by Gary Kubiak?
It seems that it's a book, so I would say it must be a movie. It's about football, so I would say it should be a good book as well.
127 hours is a Thriller directed by Danny Boyle who also directed A Bug's Life.
127 Hours is a good drama drama. Another one you may enjoy is You, Me and Dupree.
Yes he was in that film. If you like James Franco, you might also like Zombieland. He was also in that film.
Yes, it is written by Robert Zemeckis and stars Tom Hardy and Marisa Tomei. It is a comedy/romance film.
It is a Romance genre, do you like Romance?
You're welcome
Yes, Virat Kohli is an Indian international cricketer who currently captains the India national team.
It's more of an action film. Do you like watching it?
I really don't know much about cricket. I'm more of a baseball fan.
It's written by C.S. Lewis and is part of a series. Would you like to know more?
Well, C.S. Lewis wrote The Voyage of the Dawn Treader, The Silver Chair, The Silver Chair, and The Silver Chair. Have you read any of these?
It's genre is fantasy. Would you like to know more?
Glad to be of help
Sure! J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Peter Pan. Those are very good books.
Yes, Peter Pan also wrote The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson, which is also written by Stephen King
Yes, I'm sorry I don't have any other examples. Is there anything else I can help you with?
It's genre is a children's book.
Sure! The Sea Wolf is a young adult fiction novel written by Ernest Hemingway.
It was written by Ernest Hemingway and was released in 1904
Yes, he wrote ассссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссссс
That is also by Richard Pevear. He wrote Eecbl, it was released in English.
I'm not sure, but I do know Eecbl is a scientist as well.
The Cabin in the Woods is written by Drew Goddard. Would you like to purchase it?
Yes, it was written by Kristen Connolly and starring Will Smith. Are you interested in thrillers?
Yes it is. Do you like Ty Olsson because it is a thriller?
Ok, I'll add it to your list. Enjoy!
Did you like it because it was a great movie or because it was a Sci-Fi movie?
If you like Batman v Superman, you might also like The Incredible Hulk
Yes he also directed The Cast Away and The Red Pony
Yeah, Armageddon is a Sci-Fi movie also starring Ben Affleck and Owen Wilson
Did you like it because it was a comedy crime movie?
I would recommend The Blind Side. It is an action/adventure film.
I would definitely recommend A Time to Kill or The Alamo. Both are excellent examples.
It's the story of a father dealing with the accusation that his 14-year-old son is a murderer. Also, he wrote a movie with his wife, Jesse McCartney.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
She is a great tennis player, do you like her?
No i do not but I do know Venus is ranked world No. 40 in the WTA singles rankings
I'm more of a tennis fan, but Venus Venus has lost to her sister Serena
Yes it is a great movie, starring Ryan Reynolds. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Honestly, I haven't seen either of those films, but I love The Proposal which is a comedy. If you like The Proposal you should check it out.
Yes, Scarlett Johansson also stars in The Prestige and The Dark Knight. Have you seen either of those?
I do! Do you like Hugh Jackman? He is in this movie. Do you like Hugh Jackman movies?
It was directed by Neil Gaiman. Do you like him?
It starred Craig Monahan and George Clooney. Do you like their movies?
It was released in 2009. If you like crime fiction, you might also like Shark Night.
Yes, it is a great movie! Are you a fan of Leonardo DiCaprio or Tom Cruise?
It is a drama, do you like drama?
You've Got Mail is a Romantic Comedy starring Kenneth Branagh. Would you like to hear more about this movie?
Yes, Tom Hanks also starred in You've Got Mail too. It's an Indie Film.
I hope you enjoy it.
you're welcome
Do you like Deception Point because it is written by Dan Brown or because it is a thriller?
The Last Stand is a good one. what else can i answer for you?
what else can i answer for you?
Are you looking for other movies in the same genre or by the same author?
Yes it is, you should definitely check it out.
So sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that the movie is based on the book.
ok. Enjoy the movie!
Yes, that's correct. Would you like me to add it to your list?
You're welcome!
Enjoy your movie time!
Yes, Outlander is written by Charles Dickens. Are you a fan of him?
If you liked Outlander you might also enjoy The Scottish Prisoner or The Fiery Cross. Are you a fan of fiction novels?
I'm not sure if she wrote The Own Heart's Blood, but I do know that she is influenced by Charles Dickens.
No I do not. I'm sorry.
He is fine I guess. Marcelo Vieira, known as Marcelo, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Real Madrid and Fluminense FC.
Yeah, I think he's a good player too. Do you like Football?
I didn't know he was in that movie, but I do know Hayden Panettiere was great in that movie. Isn't Ryan Gosling an actor?
Roland Emmerich directed The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Are you into Action/Adventure Films.
That's a sci-fi action film. Do you like sci-fi?
I don't have any information on him, but I can tell you that he also starred in You've Got Mail.
Terry Ross directed that movie. Would you like me to add it to your list?
I love her music. Did you know she starred in a few movies? She was in Who's That Girl.
I like George Lucas, do you have a favorite song of his?
He is a great songwriter. One of his songs is familiar with her, yes.
They're in the AFC East, which is a tough division. Do you like the New York Jets?
They're in the AFC East, which is a tough division. What's your favorite team?
I did not know that. I do know that the Jets play Womb, which is starring Tom Brady. Are you a football fan?
Yes, Guy Ritchie wrote Snatch which stars Stephen Graham. Are you a fan of him?
It was released in 1987 and directed by Louis Sachar. Would you like to know more?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Can I help you with anything else?
Of course, I'm happy to help. Enjoy the movie.
Yes. It starred Keanu Reeves and Monica Potter. Are you a fan?
Yes, I am very familiar with them. Have you ever heard of their music?
All I know is that it's a popular country film.
Sure he has starred in Deadpool a comedy and also starred Ryan Reynolds. Do you like his work?
Yes, he did. Do you like comic books? If so, you might want to see Zombieland.
He's friends with Snoop Dogg. They are both rappers. Have you heard of them?
Yes I believe he is. Did you know he starred in The Wash?
Yes, he did! It's also a film. I think you'll really like it.
You're welcome!
She starred in Time Bandits. Do you like comedies?
Time Bandits was released in 2003 and written by Walter Kim. It also stars Ralph Fiennes and Randy Quaid.
It is a comedy/romance film released in 2002. Do you like comedies?
She was also in Twilight of the Ice Nymphs. Did you see that one?
Sure Donna Tartt wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read them?
It's considered a historical fiction and speculative fiction.
She wrote The Little Friend and The Goldfinch.
It's a drama and young adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure, Michael Bay starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, Women in Love, and Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen.
I don't have that information. But you might like State of the Union or State of the Union?
That is correct. Do you like Dwayne Johnson's movies?
It's a historical period drama.
Yes, he plays Cricket for the Mumbai Indians. Are you a cricket fan?
Yes, I am. I like Basketball, what's your favorite team?
Yes. I like football. What's your favorite team?
I hope the Eagles win again that's another team I like. What's your opinion?
She starred in White Oleander and The Wild Life.
That's correct. She was also in Corpse Bride. Have you seen that movie?
X-Men Apocalypse Now is a good one as well. Have you seen that?
Yes, I do have it. Enjoy!
Audrey Niffenegger wrote The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you read that?
It is a mystery. Do you like mystery?
Stanlee was written by J.K. Rowling and released in 2010.
Sure, she starred in Memento. Have you seen that?
It was written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote Memento.
He wrote The Dark Knight, which is a Mystery.
He also starred in The Prestige. Have you seen that movie?
I am not a huge football fan but I do know that they are coached by Mike McCarthy
My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks. What is your favorite team?
They were runner ups to Super Bowl XLVII though.
I am not a huge football fan but I do know that they are coached by Mike Richardson.
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it yet?
I haven't read that yet, but I'll check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
Have you read The Invisible Man? It is also considered a Romantic and historical fiction.
I am not super familiar with this movie, are you a fan of his?
Rob Zombie and Zach Galifianakis are in it.
Deadpool was released in 2016. It stars Stefan Kapicic and Ed Skrein. Do you like their movies?
You're welcome!
Yes, that's great. I think you'll enjoy it!
Isn't he a midfielder? I don't know much about him.
I like football, but I'm a big fan of Brazil. What about you?
Really, I am not a huge fan of soccer. What team do you like?
Yes she is an icon. She starred in Princess Protection Program and Spring Breakers
Yes, I have seen him in that movie, isn't he a good actor?
I haven't seen it, I'll check it out. Thanks!
It is a comedy starring Step Brothers written by John Lasseter and John Travolta
Yes, I agree. Didn't he direct a movie starring John C.Reilly? It is a comedy too.
It was released in 1999, and starred Mike Colter, who also starred in it.
Sure! The Tragedy of Macbeth was written by William shakespeare and was released in 1606. Do you like Historical fiction?
It was written by William Shabey
It's genre is considered children's literature.
Yes, he is. He also wrote Romeo and Juliet and A Midsummer Night's Dream.
He directed The King's Speech, The Damned United, and Les Miserables
The Kings Speech was rated PG and he also starred in The Da Vinci Code which was rated R.
The Kings Speech was released in 2014.
The Denver Broncos are a pretty good team. They lost Super Bowl XL though.
Yeah, he was a defensive back too, did you know that?
That's right, did you know he also coached The Atlanta Falcons?
Yes, it stars Nicolas Cage and John Travolta. Are you a fan of either of those actors?
Yes, I love Rihanna. Did you know she is a designer as well?
Natalie Portman and Roger Rees also starred in it.
It is a great movie. It is a great adventure film. If you like Liam Neeson you should also try Wonder Boys. He was in it as well.
Yes, he is a singer-songwriter. Do you like him?
I would say that he plays on the Mumbai Indians. Do you like Indians?
That's great. I think you'll enjoy them.
It was written by Johnny Depp and is considered a Horror/Fantasy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he was also in Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas. Is that of interest?
No I have not. I did not know that. I did not know that.
I haven't seen Ride Along 2. Have you seen it?
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
Yes, another fantasy book you might enjoy is The Philosopher's Stone. It's also speculative fiction.
Do you like Juraissic because it is a Romance or Drama movie?
Some other sci-fi movies include X-Men Apocalypse and Wolverine
Yes, he is and he also starred in the X-Men Origins
Some of the actors were in X-Men Origins include Tom Hanks, Robert De Niro, and Jennifer Jason Leigh
Some other adventure movies are Zombieland and Wolverine
Not that I can tell, but he did star in The Wolverine
He wrote Wizard and Glass and The Graveyard Book.
Yes, it was. Stephen King co-wrote it.
Yes, he also wrote "The Stand" and "The Shining."
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. Forrest Gump is written by Winston Groom.Do you like Winston Groom movies?
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional American football team based in Tampa, Florida. The Buccaneers currently compete in the National Football League as a member team of the National Football Conference South division
My favorite player is Adrian Peterson
I think he play a forward
They are going to make the playoffs right now
I'm not a huge fan of hers, but I do know she is an amazing singer. Did you know she is also a model?
Yes, she was great in Battleship, did you know she also starred in Men in Black 3?
Anything else I can help you with? Yes, I think Skarsgrd is a good movie.
Yes, he wrote Desperado! Are you a fan of his?
Yes, he was also in Desperado. Do you like his music?
I'm not sure what was her latest album, but I do like it. Do you like her music?
Sure! Charlotte Bront wrote The Professor, Shirley and Villette. Are you a fan of those genres?
It is a historical novel that was released in 1853. Are you a fan of those types of books?
It is a classic. I will add it to your list! Enjoy.
Robin Buss wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo released in 1844, have you heard of it?
Robin Buss also wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo and Le Comte de Monte-Cristo.
It was written by Robin Buss, and it's a Speculative fiction novel.
Station Eleven was written by St. John Mandel in 2014. Are you a fan of thrillers?
She has also written The Bone Clocks and The Last Days of Downtown. Have you read those?
It's genre is a drama, similar to Last Night in Montreal.
You're welcome.
Yes, it was written by Rick Yancey. Are you a fan of this author?
Yes, I do. Rick Yancey also wrote The Last Star and The Infinite Sea.
Yes, Robert Gravey's also wrote The Last Star, are you a fan of that genre?
Robert Jackson also wrote X-Men Origins: Wolverine and the X-Men
It was written by Robert Jackson and released in 1986
It was released in 1599
The Notebook was written by Nicholas Sparks who also wrote Still Life and Love Story. You might like those.
Have you seen Beautiful Creatures? It is also a Romance film.
It stars Robert Pattinson and Reese Witherspoon as well. It's a very good movie.
Of course, I'll add them to your watch list.
I do! It is an historical fiction novel written by Jamie Ford.
You are correct. Songs of Willow Frost was released in 2017.
It looks like it is somewhere in the United States of America.
Yes he also wrote Apocalypse Now
Sure! If you are into Batman Begins, you might also like The Dark Knight.
Morgan Freeman also starred in The Civil War, have you seen it?
It's a great movie. He was also in The Civil War, The Civil War, and The Civil War.
Are you interested in other books by John Grisham or other thrillers?
Two of my favorite mysteries are The Fiery Cross and Voyager. Have you read those?
Are you into Thrillers that you might enjoy?
Margaret R. Higonnet wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented, and Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented. Have you read either of these?
Yes he did have a writing on that topic as well which was released in 1891.
He also wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray and A Scandal in Bohemia.
Robert Galbraith also wrote The Silkworm
She also wrote The Silkworm which is the same genre as the book the Cuckoo's Calling
You are welcome. Glad to help.
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
It is Young-adult fiction
There is a series of books by J.K. Rowling
They are young adult fiction
Your welcome
Sure, do you like books by J. D. Salinger? He also wrote Franny and Zooey
Yes, it was also written by William Golding.
There's Angels , Angels & Demons
Yes, he starred in a lot of action movies. He was in Titanic, The Prestige, and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen those?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But he also starred in X-Men: First Class. Have you seen that?
Ok, I'm not sure. I don't know much about him. I'm more of a baseball fan.
You're right! I hope you enjoy those movies.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I agree. Did you know he was born in Oakland? I think he's a pretty good athlete.
He is a good player, and he won the NBA All-Rookie Team of the Year Award in 2011.
He is a point guard. He is a point guard.
Do you like books by J. D. Salinger? He also wrote Franny and Zooey
I don't have any examples of literary realism. Is that something you are interested in?
Yes! They are a Korean boy band from Seoul that sing pop music, k-pop, and contemporary R&B.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't really know anything from Shakira. Is she a singer?
I know that it is a great book, written by Ann Brashares
It was released in 2001, and is considered a historical fiction.
I would also recommend World Without End, if you like historical fiction.
That was also written by Barbara Kingsolver and is considered a historical fiction.
Great, enjoy!
Looper is a sci-fi thriller starring Bruce Willis. Do you like his movies?
That is correct. Anything else i can answer?
have a good day
Sure, A Beautiful Mind is a Thriller starring George Clooney. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure, he also directed The Missing. Have you seen it?
You are welcome, goodbye.
That book is written by Tony Goldwyn and Erik Larson
He also wrote The Shawshank Redemption and The Mist.
It is a comedy. Do you like comedy?
You are welcome
It was written by J. D. Salinger, do you like the author or the genre?
Raise High the Roof Beam and Nine Stories are highly recommended.
Franny and Zooey was also written by J.D. Salinger
I don't know much about football, is he a soccer midfielder?
It was released in 1987. Do you like that book because it is a mystery?
No, I am not sure. I do not have that information
Have you heard of Afraid of Ghosts? It's also classified as a drama
Sure, Fiona Stafford wrote Emma. Are you into romance?
Sure! Philippa Gregory wrote Wideacre, The White Queen and The White Queen. Do any of those interest you?
It's a Historical novel that is the first of a trilogy, and was released in 1987.
Yes, they are both historical fiction.
You're welcome!
It's a sports team. It's considered a sport team or a sports team.
They are coached by Mike McCarthy. Are you a Packers fan?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Which is your favorite team?
Yes, Wally Lamb is a great author. Did you like her in The Hour I First Believed?
Yes, Wally Lamb wrote This Much Is True. It is also a fiction novel.
I haven't read that one yet, is it good?
I hope you enjoy it
I'm a fan of the Miami Dolphins. Didn't they lose Super Bowl XVII?
I am a Packers fan so I am a Cowboys fan. Are you a Packers fan?
I like the Patriots, but the Dolphins aren't doing well this year, so I'm not a huge fan of the Patriots. They're in the AFC East, though.
The Break-Up is similar to Inside Out. Have you seen that movie?
The Jurassic Park movie is starring Denzel Washington, who also starred in True Lies, and The Longest Ride
I'm not sure of the exact year but I do know it was written by Jeffrey Eugenides
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, she has a great voice. Did you know she is friends with Miley Cirus?
Yes, Victoria Justice also has a lot of good sitcoms as well. Do you like sitcoms?
Yes, Victoria Justice also starred Scarlett Johansson and Billie Jean
Yes, she was also in Baby Girl, have you seen that one?
It is a historical period drama that was written by several people including Taudl Junge. It is a war film.
It's a war film, so I don't know any facts about it. I do know that Windtalkers was influenced by George Clooney, who also starred in Batman Begins and Man of Steel
I'll add it to your list! Enjoy!
The Catchter in the Rye is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I'd recommend The Fault in Our Stars, Paper Towns, and Gone with the Wind.
If you like Wuthering Heights, you might also like The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson.
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, Big Hero 6 is a Thriller, Sci-Fi and Adventure film. You might also like The Last Hero 6
Yes it is! Have you seen it?
Yes she did. She is also a voice actor. She has starred in many movies. Are you interested in her movies?
That's correct. She was also a voice actor and a voice actor. She is a voice actor and an actor.
No problem, enjoy!
I think they are a great football team. What's your favorite team?
I like the Buffalo Bills, but they're having a good season.
Tony Romo is a great actor. Have you seen any of the Giants's games at MetLife Stadium?
I am afraid I do not have info about the person you mentioned. How about some info on him?
Owen Wilson starred in The Royal Tenenbaums. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is also a minor film. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Justin Rose is a professional Golfer from London.
I don't have any stats about him. I do know he plays the midfielder.
I don't know a lot about him. But he's from England too.
Virginia Woolf wrote To The Lighthouse and The Waves.
Yes, she wrote The Waves, The Running Man, and The Things We Do For Love.
It was released in 1927. Would you like to know more about it?
Sure! I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, he is an American professional basketball player for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association. Are you interested in Basketball?
He is currently playing for the Oklahoma City Thunder, I am not sure of the name.
Yes, I do like the Cleveland Cavaliers, what is your favorite team?
She starred in Time Bandits, a historical period drama. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Time Bandits is considered a historical period drama and action film. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Sure. Michael Mann directed Public Enemies starring Marion Cotillard.
Yes, he also directed The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and The Wedding Date.
It is a Tom Cruise action film. If you like Tom Cruise, you should check it out.
Frances Mayes wrote Bella Tuscany which was written by Frances Mayes.
She also wrote Bella Tuscany which was released in 1999. Are you a fan of romance novels?
Can I help you with anything else?
Me, too! She's very talented. A few of my favorite songs are Valentine's Day, The Lorax, and The Giver.
Did you know she starred in Valentine's Day, The Lorax, and The Giver
She's also been in Wonder Woman, have you seen that?
I don't know much about football, but I do know that they are coached by Mike Tomlin. Do you like them?
Me either. I like Roethlisberger. He plays Midfielder.
Yes, she wrote Shadowland too. Have you read it yet?
She's written a favorite of mine, Shadowland, as well as The Looking Glass Wars and The Golden Compass. Would you like to know more?
It's pretty similar, if you're into adult fiction, you might also enjoy Violets Are Blue.
You're welcome
I know he plays for the Colombia national football team. Are you a midfielder?
Do you have any favorite team?
Yes, I do like Radamel Falcao, he is a great Midfielder and Forward. Do you like Radamel Falcao?
Yes, it is written by Charlaine Harris and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It is a drama. Have you seen it?
I don't have any others written by Tom Schulman. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I would suggest Dead Poets Society, it is a drama.
No problem. Enjoy the movie!
He starred in the movie The Dark Knight, have you seen it?
Yes, she did write Parts One, Parts One and Two, not the actual book. Did you know it was released in 2016.
Yes, it was actually made into a movie. I haven't seen it yet. Is it good?
Yes Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert. Would you like to know more?
I don't have that information, but Milan Kundera was influenced by William Weaver.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum wrote The Scarlatti Inheritance. anything else i can answer for you?
The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum - he also starred in The Scarlatti Inheritance
The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum - what else can i answer for you?
Sure! Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit, a story about a race horse. If you haven't heard of it, I highly recommend it.
She wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Well, she wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Xenocide.
He directed Walk the Line, which is a comedy. He also directed Girl, Interrupted, and Kate & Leopold. Have you seen any of them?
Yes, she was. Did you know Johnny Cash also wrote Walk the Line?
I'm unsure of that information, but Johnny Cash won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. He also wrote Walk the Line which was really good.
You might like Beautiful Creatures by Johnny Cash. James Cash also wrote Walk the Line.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
The Great Gatsby was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald, who also wrote Tender is the Night. You might like that.
To Kill a Mockingbird is a book written by Harper Lee, have you read it?
It's a classic, isn't it?
Jason Cope starred in District 9 and Dredd. Want to know more?
Spud is a comedy action
Yes he does
It is starring Jason Cope
Yes, he directed Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi and The Last Temptation of Chris
The Return of a Man Called Horse is about a man Called Horse dealing with the accusation that was released in 2015.
Yes, you're welcome.
He starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys.
Yes, he starred in The Other Guys which is starring Rob Riggle
The Other Guys was released in 2010 and is written by Terry Gilliam
You're welcome
Sure. Morgan Freeman starred in The Civil War and Levity. Have you seen either of those?
Are you interested in Ned Bellamy movies? He was also in The Green Mile.
Yes he was. He was also in The Green Mile if you are interested
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Blood Diamond is an Indie film that is based on a true story.
Do you like the New York Yankees?
Yeah, he's pretty great! Did you know he was also in The Aviator?
Inception is a great movie! It was written by Christopher Nolan, who also starred in The Prestige, and The Dark Knight.
I agree, James Cameron did a great job. He also starred in The Prestige.
Sure, I hope you enjoy it!
If you like 50/50 you might also like You Will Meet a Tall Dark Strange.
I would recommend xXx: State of the Union, if you haven't seen it
Sure, Vanessa Fertilio starred in What Just Happened and Under the Same Moon. Have you heard of either of these movies?
You're welcome!
Yes, they are owned by Jay-Z. Are you a basketball fan?
Are they a basketball team?
I haven't. Did you know Stephen Dorff also starred in Larry Crowne?
Yes, I do. She wrote These Happy Golden Years and The Long Winter both are very good.
These Happy Golden Years is a 19th century Western, written by Meg Cabot.
If you like historical fiction, you might also like Wilder Napalm, or Wilder Napalm.
Sure thing, not a problem. I'll add them to your list.
Sure! He wrote Thunderstruck. Have you read that one?
Do you need more recommendations?
It is more of a fiction novel, would you like to hear about other books in that genre?
It's also a play, but I haven't seen any plays, however, I'm sorry.
It was directed by Dave Pelzer. Are you familiar with this author?
It is written by Dave Pelzer and was released in 1988.
Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier, The Country Bears, and The Clockwork Orange. Have you seen any of these?
Yes, Jim Belushi also starred in The Mask, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It was released in 2003, and Frederik Duno also starred in it.
You're welcome. I'm glad to help.
The Devil Wears Prada is a drama. Do you like drama?
Both Zoey Deutch and Anne Hathaway
Another romance movie you might enjoy is Beautiful Creatures
The movie was directed by Lana Wachowski
Water for Elephants was released in 2011
Great, I hope you enjoy it
Sure thing, I can tell you that she starred in The Longest Ride, The Snow White, and The Longest Ride.
He plays for the Colombia national football team. He is a midfielder and forward.
I don't know much about him, other than he plays Midfielder.
I don't know much about him, other than he's a Midfielder.
No, Columbia isn't a famous actress who stared in many films. Would you like me to proceed with the list?
Will Smith of course! That was a good movie.
That was a great movie starring Yeardley Smith and produced by James Brooks who also starred in As Good as It Gets
That's a drama/mystery that was released in 2014. Does that interest you?
It was released in 1999 and was also produced by James L. Brooks
You're welcome
I'm not a huge football fan, but I do know that they are doing well this season.
The Jacksonville Jaguars are owned by Wayne Weaver and John York.
Yes, I am more of an American Football fan. What sports do you like?
It seems she plays both. Did you know she was born in Hisar (Indian district) is a tennis player?
That's true! That's where she was! That's a great sport.
I like Basketball and Football. What's your favorite sport?
He was from India. He was actually born in Plantation, Florida.
You're welcome!
Sure, he wrote Two By Two, True Believer, Three Weeks with My Brother, Three Weeks with my Brother, The Notebook and many more. Have you read any of those ?
It was released in 2016. It was also written in English.
He also wrote The Notebook, True Believer and Three Weeks with My Brother.
Yes, he was also a producer and a Film Producer.
Yes, he's also a comedian and a musician as well.
You're very welcome!
Pulp Fiction was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Reservoir Dogs is a sequel. Reservoir Dogs is also in that genre.
Yes she is. She starred in it as well. Do you like her movies?
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy it!
Sin City was directed by Robert Rodriguez. Are you a fan of him?
Sin City is a crime fiction action film. If you are into that genre you should check out The City of Bones.
Fred Wilpon starred in Gentlemen Broncos, did you know he also starred in No Country for Old Men?
No, I haven't.
Sure, it was written by Khaled Hosseini. It was also made into a movie.
Yes it was, it is a movie starring Kite Runner.
The Kite Runner is a romance film. Khaled Hosseini starred in this film as well.
You're welcome!
Sure! She is a good actress, one of my favorite actors and actresses. She was also in The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo, have you seen it?
Yes, he wrote Veronika, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Pilgrimage is a great movie, based on a book by George Orwell.
Sure! J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Peter Pan. Have you read either of those?
It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like to know more?
It was released in 1925. Are you a fan of dramas?
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is a similar book in that genre.
It was written by Joseph Heller, who also wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button
It was released in 1925. Would you like to know anything else?
If you are into Thriller movies you should check out To Kill a Mockingbird. It stars Micky Ward, Mark Wahlberg and Melissa McMeekin.
Jane Eyre is a novel by Jane Eyre and was released in 1856.
Sure, Charlotte Bronte also wrote The Professor, Shirley and Villette. Are you familiar with either of those?
Villette is in the genre of Speculative fiction, Gothic, and Social Criticism. Is that of interest?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen and it's a Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Sarah Dessen also wrote What Happened to Goodbye, The Truth About Forever, and What Happened to Goodbye.
It is also written by Sarah Dessen and was released in 2013.
Yes, he wrote The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and The Amazing Spider Man.
Yes, Steve Kloves did write The Amazing Spider-Man. Did you know he also wrote The Amazing Spider-Man?
Steve Kloves was great in that movie. Did you know he also starred in The Iron Giant?
Happy to help! I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about him. He's a musician right?
That's interesting. I don't follow cricket much. Is he a good player?
No I am not a big fan but I have heard they played the most recent game,
Yes, Baz Luhrmann directed The Great Gatsby and Moulin Rouge!
It starred Leonardo DiCaprio who is also in Baz Luhrmann
Glad I could help
Hope you enjoy the movie
Yes it is a great movie. Did you know it was written by Meg Cabot?
I really love The Princess Diaries, it is written by Meg Cabot. It is kind of funny too.
The Princess and the Frog is such a touching film. I think you'd like it, if you'd like it!
Well, if you like Red Riding Hood, you might want to try The Princess and the Frog or The Little Mermaid. Both are great reads!
Yes, The Call of the Wild was written by Jack London. It was released in 1903 and is considered a historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
Jack London also wrote To Build a Fire and The Sea Wolf.
It's a good one. Would you like to find other books by the same author?
I have not, it is written by Jamie McGuire and released in 2011
Walking Disaster was a great book! Did you enjoy it?
If you enjoy Beautiful Sacrifice, you might also like Beautiful Oblivion or Beautiful Oblivion.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Enjoy!
She starred in X-Men: First Class. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, Robert De Niro was also in Silver Linings Playbook, have you seen that?
Meet the Parents is a comedy that was produced by Jon Roach
Enjoy!
I don't really know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Bill Bidwill
My team is the Dallas Cowboys. They are having a good season so I don't know how they are doing this season. Are they having a good season?
Yes, they were runner ups to Super Bowl XLVII though.
Beloved was written by Toni Morrison. She also wrote The Bluest Eye and Beloved.
That's also historical fiction as well. You might like The Day After Tomorrow, The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson or The Reunion.
I don't have that information but I can tell you that it is also a Romance film.
I love her music. Did you know she is friends with Miley Cyrus and Jessie J?
Yes, I believe that is true. Did you know she was in a relationship with Justin Timberlake?
Did you know that Nicolas Sparks also starred in The Last Song?
Sure, The Lucky One is a romantic drama written by Will Fetters and Nicholas Sparks, are you a fan of this author?
Both are great reads. Nicholas Sparks also wrote One and Two. Two by Two.
The Notebook was made into a movie starring Nicholas Sparks. Have you read it?
You are welcome.
Yes, Jean-Marc Vallée starred in The Matrix Revolutions and Three Cups of Tea. Does either of interest you?
Well, from what I'm seeing, it's genre is adventure/action film, I'd say it's more of a historical period drama, but I would say its more of a historical period drama, more of a historical period drama.
Yes, it's about the Queen.
I'm not sure who stars in it, but Jean-Marc Vallée
Okay, I'm not sure who else starred in it.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other recommendations for her.
Yes, I'll send it to you.
Yes, Fast and the Furious is starring Vin Diesel, who starred in xXx. You like Vin Diesel movies?
I am not sure of the latest movie but I can tell you that Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt
Both Vin Diesel and Joseph Gordon-Levitt starred in this movie
You're welcome
Did you like the movie because it was starring Brad Pitt or because it was a Thriller?
Did you like the movie because it was written by Max Brooks?
Yes I did enjoy it. It was written by Frank Miller and stars Gerard Butler. Are you a fan of war films?
300 stars Michael Fassbender and Frank Millier. Are you interested in any of these actors?
He starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly and Unstoppable
Anything else I can help you with?
Cat's Cradle is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is speculative fiction. Are you into that genre?
Yes, I can tell you that Kurt Vonnegut Jr. wrote The Truth About Forever, and The Sirens of Titan.
Yes, it was also turned into a movie. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Kyrie Irving is a professional basketball player who plays point guard.
Yeah, Doc Rivers was a point guard as well. He played point guard. wasn't he?
I didn't know that! Are there any other teams you follow?
Yes, Sam Smith is a great songwriter. I like his song Almost Is Never Enough. Are you a fan?
I do not have that information. I can tell you that he is a singer/songwriter too. Would you like to hear some of his songs?
yes that is true, do you like her music?
I'm not a huge basketball fan. They're in the NFL, right?
Yes I did, did you know that The Madison Square Garden is owned by Steve Tisch and William H. Macy
That is all I know about the 76ers, are they a football team?
Are you referring to Chris Weitz who starred in American Pie?
Kevin Zegers was also in that movie. Do you like him?
Yes, it is. Warren Zide also produced it. Have you seen it?
The Day After Tomorrow was a fun film to watch. I'd suggest Geostorm
I haven't seen that movie, is it a thriller?
He is a good actor. He was also in The Seat Filler. Have you seen that movie?
That's true. Have you seen The Dark Knight? It stars Robert Downey.
I am not a huge basketball fan but I do know that they are located in Oakland. Are you a fan?
Oh wow! That's one of my favorites! That's a pretty good team.
I didn't know that! I'm also a fan of Will Smith. I'm also a fan of Jada Pinkett Smith.
Oh, I've been meaning to see him in that movie! I'm a fan of Jada Pinkett Smith.
Madame Bovary was written by Madame Bovary. Its considered a classic!
Yes, it was. Would you like to know more about Madame Bovary?
I'm sorry, I don't have any similar authors, but I can tell you that it was released in 1856. Would you like to know more about this author?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it.
Well, Ara Celi starred in American Beauty, have you seen it?
Natalie Portman wrote that and Ara Celi.
Yes, he also wrote True Blood and it's a classic, have you seen it?
Yeah, she is. Did you know she is also a model?
Yes, she's also a great tennis player.
Good Deeds is a romantic comedy, have you ever seen it?
Yes he wrote The Storm and Thelma & Louise
i am not sure ,but i know he wrote Alien
All The Money in the World was released in 2009 and directed by Ridley Scott Scott.
He was in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that movie?
You're welcome
Shakira has a new album, have you heard it?
Love in the Time of Cholera is starring Shia LaBeouf, Rebecca Hall, and a few more!
It was the Whiting Writers' Award, and she also won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction
I love Coraline, it was written by P. Craig Russell and Neil Gaiman, it is a great crime fiction thriller.
I'm not sure, but I do know it was produced by Leonardo DiCaprio
Another good sci-fi film is A Bug's Life. Have you seen it yet?
Wicked City is written by Christopher Lee and has a genre of Fantasy. Is that of interest?
She wrote The Year of the Flood and The Robber Bride. Have you read either of those ?
He wrote Where the Red Fern Grows. Have you read it?
Yes he has, he also wrote Speculative fiction and fiction
It was released in 1965
Enjoy
You're welcome
Sure! Do you like The Notebook because it's romance or because it's romance?
Yes, he also wrote The Notebook and The Notebook. They're both Romance novels.
Yes, you might like The Notebook. It's by Nicolas Sparks if you're into romance novels.
You're welcome!
He wrote Moby Dick which was released in 1851. Have you read that one?
That's right, it was also released in 1851
You're very welcome!
Yes, he wrote The Best Nest and Go Dog Go!
Yes, A Fish Out of Water is considered children's literaturee, and was written by John Green
Yes, Dr. Suess wrote that book. Did you know that it was released in 1961?
Sure! Bob Peck starred in Jurassic Park and Surviving Picasso.
Surviving Picasso is a drama genre
Some of the actors starred in Surviving Picasso include Robert De Niro, Smilla's Sense of Snow, Smilla's Sense of Snow, and Ariel
Sure thing! He wrote The Sicilian and The Last Don. Have you read either of those?
No, The Godfather Part II is more of a historical novel. Do you like historical novels?
Sure thing!
Danny Boyle wrote 127 Hours and directed Trance, Trainspotting, The Beach and Sunshine.
I'm not sure about him, but he was also in The Green Hornet. I think you'd like that one.
It's considered a historical drama.
Brad Pitt starred in Troy, which is an action/adventure film
I am not sure about movies he is in
Rosemary's Baby is another good one you might enjoy
Matt Damon and Marlon Brando
you are welcome
The star of Fantastic 4: Rise of the Silver Surfer is Ioan Gruffudd. Do you like Ioan Gruffudd. He also starred in Captain America: Civil War
He starred in Warriors, The Matrix Revolutions, and The Avengers.
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy the movies!
I don't know too much about soccer. But, I know he plays Forward. That's a good sport.
Well, Oldboy was written by Park Chan-wook, who also wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. You might like that one as well.
Yes, Philip Pullman wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke. Do you like his work?
Have you read The Subtle Knife? It is written by Robin Jarvis.
You're welcome.
Yes I can. He wrote Die Verwandlung
Die Verwandlung is written by Franz Kafka and released in 1915
Zero Dark Thirty is written by Rick Riordan and stars Stephen Dillane. Have you seen it?
Oh, I'm not sure. Mike Colter starred in Taking Chance. He also starred in House Bunny.
Yes, Linus Roache is a psychological thriller. Did you know that he also starred in Zero Dark Thirty?
Yes, he also starred in it as well! Do you like his movies?
Glad to be of assistance!
Yes it was written by Ian Fleming and Ian Fleming. It was a spy.
Casino Royale is starring James Franco and was released in 2012.
It was released in 2016. Do you like that kind of movie?
Yes, it was. It was directed by Robert Wade.
You're welcome.
Sure! Did you like it because it was written by Jim Sturgess or because it was starring Tom Hanks?
Tom Tykwer wrote The Time Machine, it is a Sci-Fi Drama. Do you like that kind of movie?
Charlize Theron has been in many films including What Lies Beneath and The Portable Atheist
You're welcome
It is a comedy film, so I'm sure you'll like it.
Taxi Driver is starring Tom Hanks. Would you like to hear more about the movie?
You're welcome, enjoy!
One of my favorites that I'd recommend is Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard
Great, I'll add that to your list. Enjoy!
Yes, that's a great fiction fiction movie. It's written by Stephen King. Are you into Stephen King movies?
Yes, he also wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is a historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
Agatha Christie is also in that film, and it was directed by Liza Minnelli.
Yes, she is an author who wrote The Diary of a Young Girl and The Diary of a Young Girl.
Perhaps you'd like The Diary of Anne Frank. Anne Frank wrote that as well.
Well, it appears that it's related to Anne Frank's other works, would you like to know anything else?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
That was a great movie! Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith was Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith and Star Wars: Episode III - Return of the Jedi.
A Time to Kill stars Richard Marquand and Cameron Diaz. Are you a fan of Sci-Fi or Drama?
He was also in Where the Wild Things Are, which is a thriller.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Chris Buck directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it yet?
Sure, you might also like What's Your Number and It's Kind of a Funny Story.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Dan Brown wrote Angels & Demons which is a thriller.
Yes, he directed the movie This Means War. Have you seen it?
It is, the movie is about football. Stephen Curry is also in it. Do you like him?
The Game of Their Lives was written by Alyson Noel. He also directed Breakfast at Tiffany's.
I know that the Buccaneers are coached by Lovie Smith and Greg Schiano
Yeah, you're right! Do you know who the team is coached?
Have a great day! And, if you have more questions, have a great day!
All I know is he was born in the United States
I love baseball. I'm a big fan of Carolina Panthers. What about you?
The Dallas Cowboys and New York Giants are my favorite team.
Yes, Scream is a horror. Do you like Horror films?
Yes, you are right. Jamie Kennedy starred in Scream 3 and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome.
The Matrix was executive produced by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta. Is that something you'd like?
It stars Natalie Portman and Rupert Graves.
It is a romantic comedy, science fiction, and adventure film. It is also a good movie.
Yes, its written by Cornelia Funke and she also wrote Zooey and Tintenblut. Do you like the author or the genre of it's genre?
Anthea Bell also wrote Tintenherz, Tintenherz, and Tintenblut.
Cinderella is a Romance. Would you like to know anything else?
King Kong was written by Kong Kong and starred Scarlett Johansson. It's a great sci-fi thriller.
She was also in The Wedding Date. It is a romance genre movie.
It is written by Ron Nyswaner and genre is historical period drama. Does that interest you?
You are welcome.
Gary Chapman starred in The Five Love Languages of Children and The Five Love Languages of Children. Have you heard of either?
That is a singer/songwriter. Do you like that type of music?
Yes, she did a great job on The Matrix Reloaded, The Five Love Languages of Children, and The Five Love Languages of Children.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information on him. However, he is a singer, songwriter, and a musician.
Frank Capra wrote It's a Wonderful Life. It's a Wonderful Life is written by Philip Van Doren Stern and is a Wonderful Life.
He is a great author, He wrote It's a Wonderful Life. Another good one is Frank Capra
Yes, he also wrote It's a Wonderful Life
Did you know Frank Capra wrote It's a Wonderful Life?
She has starred in Un di Velt Hot Geshvign, you should check that one out.
Un di Velt Hot Geshvign was released in 1958.
It is a Russian language
I have Un di Velt Hot Geshvign written by Marion Wiesel
Un di Velt Hot Geshvign is a audio copy
That's a good one. It stars Jennifer Lawrence, Bradley Cooper and Christian Bale.
It's considered a thriller and mystery. Do you like those types of movies?
It was written by Rick Riordan. It's also fiction.
He also wrote To Kill a Mockingbird and The Manchurian Candidate.
You're welcome.
Washington Redskins sucks. did you know Dwight Schar owned this team
Did you know they also coached the Oakland Raiders?
I love tennis, do you have a favorite sport?
Have you seeing The Fault in Our Stars? It was written by Stephen King.
Sure Easy was written by Tammara Webber and released in 2012, She also wrote Where are You, and Breakable.
If you are interested in Drama books, Tammara Webber wrote Where You Are, Easy and Breakable. Do you like Dramas?
She also wrote Where You Are, Easy and Breakable. Do you like Dramas?
Between the Lines has genre Drama if you like drama. You'll like it.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it.
Steven Soderbergh directed Ocean's Eleven. Have you seen it?
The Good German stars Leonardo DiCaprio, Steven Soderbergh, and Leonardo DiCaprio. Have you seen any of them?
He has been in so many films, such as The Good German and The Green Hornet. Have you seen those?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Alan Moore wrote Watchmen, V for Vendetta, and The Making of Star Wars, have you heard of any of those?
It was released in V for Vendetta in 2004. It's a science fiction/thriller type novel.
You're welcome
Yes, Wuthering Heights was written by Richard J. Dunn. He also wrote Wuthering Heights
Sure, it's genre is Gothic fiction and was released in 1847.
It's very good. Enjoy!
Sure, The Eye of the World was written by Robert Jordan and it is a fantasy novel. Do you like those types of books?
Sure. Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction.
It is a thriller and was released in 2010
You might like Wild Cards by Simone Elkeles
You're welcome.
Spirit Bound was written by Richelle Mead. This book has genre young-adult fiction and Urban fantasy. Do you like these genres?
Twilight is written by Richelle Mead.
Vampire Academy is a Fantasy novel.
You're welcome
Charles Dickens wrote Oliver Twist and The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club. Are you interested in either of those?
Yes, Leo is influenced by Robert Louis Stevenson and John Ratzenberger. Are you a fan of either of them?
Yes, it is, are you a fan of that genre?
Yes, that is correct. It's considered a historical period drama as well. Are you a fan of that genre?
Great, have a great day!
Yes, Peter Segal directed The Longest Yard, The Longest Yard, and The Longest Yard just to name a few.
Yes, he did. He was also the executive producer in The Longest Yard. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but I know Adam Sandler was in Happy Gilmore. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, he wrote Fantastic Beast and Where to Find Them. Have you seen that one?
She also wrote The Casual Vacancy. Have you read it?
It is considered children's literature. Another popular one is The Casual Vacancy. Have you read it?
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them are two works by him.
Fantastic Beasts was released in 2001. It's considered a satire and action film.
Yes, you are correct. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Michael O'Neill starred in Transformers
Traffic is a crime drama and crime drama. Do you like crime dramas?
Have you seen State of the Union? It is a crime drama.
You're welcome!
He plays for a Spain national football team. Do you like soccer?
Well, I know he is from Guadalajara. Did you know he is also a musician?
Did you know he was born in Sao Paulo?
Also similar to The Hangover Part II is Meet the Fockers and Welcome to Temptation
It was released in 2010 and is a romantic comedy genre. Do you like that kind of movie?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Woody Allen wrote it. Do you like his books?
It's considered a Romance.
I like murder mystery as well, I'd recommend it.
Did you want a recommendation for a mystery movie based on it?
Mansfield Park was written by Tony Gilroy and Robert Capron. He also wrote Sense and Sensibility a thriller.
Persuasion is written by Michael Connelly.
Persuasion was released in 1817.
Yes, Horrible Bosses is written by Michael Markowitz and a crime fiction. Are you into that genre?
I'm not sure if Lindsay Sloane starred in it, but he did have a starring role as a producer.
That's right! Kevin Spacey also starred in Beyond the Sea.
He is a great tennis player. Didn't he lose to Roger Federer?
I watch a lot of tennis, but I only watch a few games. Who is your favorite player?
I have to catch up on a little bit, now that I catch a match every season, can I catch a game every season?
I have Inkhheart and Tintenherz. Would you like those?
Other books by Cornelia Funke include Inkheart and Tintentod.
I have not read A Light in the Attic, does that interest you?
Are you interested in Horror? The River has all of that.
The River is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
I highly recommend X-Men 2 and World Without End. Those are both science fiction.
Enjoy!
Shawn Levy directed Real Steel. Real Steel is starring Hugh Jackman. what else can i answer for you?
It stars Matt Damon and Josh Brolin. Are you a fan of either actors?
I'm sorry, I don't. I know that it was produced by Mark Waters and Marc John Jefferies.
The Untouchables is starring Sean Connery who also starred in The Wind and the Lion
I love Crime Fiction movies. You might also like The Rum Diary or The Usual Suspects.
No problem, enjoy
The Snows of Kilimanjaro and The Hunt for Red October are two good ones
He's a great soccer player. He plays forward position. Do you like soccer?
Yes they play in Wembley Stadium
Well Alice Walker wrote The Color Purple which is similar to Alice Walker.
He wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
You're welcome
He is one of my favorite football players. I think he plays for the Argentina national football team. Do you like him?
No, I did not know that. Is he a football player?
Andreu is also known as Bojan Krkic, did you know he is from Barcelona?
Yes I do, he's also a Midfielder and he was born in Rio de Janeiro.
Yes I do! It was written by Patrick Rothfuss great author.
Well, Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Wise Man's Fear and The Name of the Wind.
Its a fantasy novel.
You're welcome
It was written by Kiera Cass. Did you know that she also wrote The Selection Stories: The Prince & The Guard?
Kiera Cass also wrote The Siren which is a film.
Kiera Cass also wrote And Then Came Love which is also written by her as well.
Kiera Cass did not produce music for that movie.
His music genre is hip hop. Do you like hip hop?
That's a great movie. Did you like it because it stars Justin Timberlake or because it was a biography?
Jesse Eisenberg also wrote The Social Network and The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you seen those?
It was released in 2014. It's considered a historical drama, and a historical period drama.
Glad to be of service
Yes, I love that movie. It was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. You might also like The Man in the Iron Mask.
It is a political fiction. If you like Treasure Island you might also like The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
Great I hope you enjoy it.
If you like Treasure Island you will also enjoy The Three Musketeers written by Stevenson.
I haven't seen that movie, but I haven't seen it. Is it a thriller or a crime fiction?
He was also in Stuck on You and The Mask, have you seen them?
Yes he did and he also directed The Truman Show.
You are welcome.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit, it is a story about a race horse. Do you like horses?
Well, it's a story about a race horse. Are you interested in horses?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Sure, Do you like the movie because it is a Thriller or because it is written by Jonathan Nolan?
Aladdin was released in 2010. You may also like The Princess and the Frog or Treasure Planet.
It was released in 2009. Are you interested in other Disney movies that came out in the same year?
You're welcome. Glad I could help.
Hemingway also wrote To Have and Have Not and The Sun Also Rises.
Have you tried To Have and Have Not? It is also written by Ernest Hemingway.
The Old Man and the Sea was released in 1926.
You're welcome.
OK, have a good day!
I do! He's a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
Well, I'd say he's a quarterback and I don't know much about him. Who does Brees play for?
Yeah, i haven't heard much about him. Who is he?
i also like Young Buck what about you?
Yes, starred in White Oleander and The Men Who stare at Goats
I don't have any other recommendations, but Stephen Root also starred in The Black Dahlia which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It is a Historical novel. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Sure! A Grief Observed is written by C.S. Lewis.
It was released in 1945
The Weight of Glory was written by C.S. Lewis and has genre Speculative fiction. Are you interested in that?
Will do. Anything else I can help you with?
Sharlto Copley is an American novelist, critic, public speaker, essayist, essayist, and columnist. He writes in several genres but is known best for science fiction. Have you read some of his books?
I know Mike Woodson owns them. They're in the NFL, right?
Yes, I have. I've been to a couple of times. Who's your favorite player?
Oh, I like the Hornets, they are a great team, do you like any other teams?
Sure, he wrote The Lady in the Lake and The City of Falling Angels. Do either of those sound interesting?
The Lady & Sons Savannah was released in 1997.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Are you a fan of the author John McGoy?
He also wrote The Fault in Our Stars, which is a mini-series. Would you like to hear more?
He did! He also wrote Paper Towns, which is a historical novel.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about him other than he plays German football. Are you a soccer fan?
Wow, I didn't know that! Do you know he is from Germany?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he was from Germany as well.
I agree. He has some good stats. I think he is from Germany too.
Gore Verbinski wrote Rango, a crime fiction, and Rango. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Well, Rango was written by John Logan, he also directed The Mexican if that interests you.
You're welcome!
The Prestige was written by Christopher Nolan and directed by Christopher Nolan. He also wrote The Dark Knight.
It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I am not sure, but Jonathan Nolan also wrote The Prestige.
It stars Christian Bale as Memento
Thomas Lennon also starred in Tight Club which is a thriller
Enjoy
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a popular one by L. Frank Baum.
Yes it does, another fantasy novel is The Wonderful Wizard of Oz.
Yes, Voyager also has a genre of Fantasy as well as Speculative fiction and Children's Literature.
Yes, it was written by Diana Gabaldon. Are you interested in other books by her?
Yes, another romance novel is In the same series by L. Frank Baum. Are you interested in reading it?
You are welcome, enjoy!
I am not sure, but I know Kate Winslet was released in 2017.
I am not sure. But I know The Holiday was released in 2004.
I'm not sure, but Sarah Parish was in The Holiday which is a comedy-drama film.
I think you should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt
yes she did and she also starred in The Wedding Date too
WALLE is a great children's book! It was written by Alonzo Mourning. Are you a fan of this author?
I loved Hercules and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
The last stand is a sci-fi action movie, and was written by Bryan Singer.
Yes- X-Men: Days of Future Past is one of the best sci-fi movies of all time.
Well- if you like action movies you need to check out Out of the Air. It stars Vince Vaughn, Ben Stiller, and Kevin Costner.
Crash was released in 2010. I don't know what year it was released.
It was written by Sarah Dessen and is young adult fiction. Do you like the genre or the author more?
Sarah Dessen also wrote What Happened to Goodbye, which is also considered young adult fiction.
Sure, some other books you might like include What Happened to Goodbye, Wildwood Dancing and When You Reach Me.
Sure! She wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. Both are considered young adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
It's considered children's literature, so I think you'd enjoy it.
It was written by Elizabeth George Speare. In the same year the Great Gilly Hopkins was released.
I have not seen Ocean's Twelve : Film Executive Produced: George Lucas, it is written by George Lucas
Ocean's Twelve stars George Nolfi.
Great! I hope you enjoy!
Robert Lewandowski is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich and the German national team.
I am a huge fan of football. What is your favorite team?
SC Freiburg is a great football team. I don't know if I'm into soccer. What team do you like?
He starred in The Stuff and The Rocketeer. Are you a fan of his?
Yes, he is a screenwriter who wrote Harry Potter and the Cursed Child. Have you read it?
It's considered a historical fiction. It was released in 2016.
Yes, he was also a film producer. He was also in The Casual Vacancy. Have you seen it?
Yes, I can. They are now added to your list. Anything else?
Snow Flower
Snow Flower and the Secret Fan is fiction and released in 2005
Snow Flower is a Fiction Novel written by China Dolls. It was released in 2014.
You're welcome. Anything else I can help you with?
Do you like Quentin Tarantino Movies ?
So you must enjoy thrillers. So you might also like Zombie's Tale.
It is a Crime/Fantasy film that was released in 1999.
It is written by Stieg Larsson and was released in 2006
I can tell you that Syeig Larsson also wrote The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban
The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo was released in 2005 and was also turned into a movie.
You are welcome.
You're welcome.
Sure, he starred in Wicked, Tusk, The Assassination of Jesse Jame and in Wicked. Do you like thrillers?
Wicked is a Romance film. Would you like to know more about this movie?
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote that book. One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
Yes, it's a great movie, I think you'll really enjoy it!
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I think he is a good basketball player, do you follow basketball?
I don't know anything about him, only that he was born in Sao Paulo. Are you a basketball fan?
Ghostbusters is a great movie for kids. It's a comedy genre as well.
Yes, he wrote the Ghostbusters. Did you know Dan Aykroyd starred in it?
Sure, Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls starring Peter Jason and Paul Walker. Have you seen it?
Yes, Vin Diesel stars in The Fast and the Furious. Do you like Vin Diesel movies?
That's a great movie you should check out. He was also in A Man Apart.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He also wrote Travels with Charley: In Search of America, Tortilla Flat, and The Winter of our Discontent. Would you like to try one of those?
He wrote What Lies Beneath that written by Sarah Kernochan and John Blommaert.
Yes he did and he also wrote RocknRolla.
Since you are a fan of this genre, I would say it is more of a drama or a mystery. It is a very good one too.
Do you like them because they are in the National Football League?
I'm a Packers fan, but I'm a Redskins fan. Do you have a favorite team?
I'll have to watch that one. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan.
I have a book similar to The First Man in Rome and Lost Souls
Circling the Sun was released in 2015, it's considered a Romance Novel.
You're welcome! Let me know if I can help you more.
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like thrillers or mysteries?
Eraserhead starred Holly Hunter. what else can i answer for you?
It is a thriller. anything else i can answer for you?
you are welcome
The Fault in Our Stars is a popular one that he directed.
Yes, it is! It stars Shailene Woodley and Sam Trammell.
It is a Romance.
You're welcome!
Hotel Rwanda is starring Terry Pratchett who also starred in No Country for Old Men
Yes, it was written by Robert Zemeckis and was also a great book.
Yes it is. We Were Soldiers is a war movie starring Tom Hardy and Anthony Minghella.
Great, I'll add it to your queue. Enjoy!
Tammara Webber wrote several books such as Where you Are and Easy. Would you like to know more of her books?
It was released in 2011. Do you like dramas?
2011 was the year that released You Are Not So Smart, written by David McRaney.
Sure, The Phantom Tollbooth was written by Norton Juster. Have you heard of him?
Peter Cushing starred in Twins of Evil, Torture Garden, Top Secret, The Vampire Lovers
OK. He starred in Twins of Evil and Torture Garden. Have you seen either of those?
It was written by Rick Riordan. Are you familiar with the author or the genre?
Great I'll send it to you now. Let me know if you need anything else.
Peter Gallagher starred a few like The Nutty Professor, Top Gun, and The Weeknd. Have you seen any of those?
The O.C. is a comedy starring Tim Russ and Billie Jean. Do you like comedies?
Collateral Damage was written by Mark Boal. It's a historical period drama.
Great, I'll add them to your list.
She starred in The Thomas Crown Affair and The Running Man, to name a couple.
The Running Man is a war action film, do you like action movies?
Some other action movies you may like are Zombieland and Wolverine
You are welcome, enjoy!
I know Hush Hush Hush is a hockey player and I don't know much about him. What can you tell me about him?
Becca Fitzpatrick also wrote Hush Hush, Hush, and Crescendo. Have you read either of those?
You are welcome, it is also a young adult fiction novel.
You are very welcome, please enjoy the book!
The Glass Castle was written by Jeannette Wells and was released in 2005.
The Glass Castle is written by Jeannette Walls. She also wrote Half Broke Horses: A True Life Novel
The Silver Castle was released in 2005
Glad to help
Yes, John Carpenter wrote Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13.
You're correct. Escape from New York is a Crime Fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, you can try Escape from L.A., it stars Kurt Russell. He's a great actor.
Rhonda Byrne wrote The Secret, the power, the magic
I do not have that information but it was written by Rhonda Byrne. Are you a fan of hers?
He wrote The Big Lebowski which was also written by Rhonda Byrne.
He's starred in Your Friend the Rat, Warriors of the 21st Century and WALL-E. Are you interested in those?
Your Friend the Rat stars Billie Letts and Mike Colter, and was released in 2007. Would you like to help with anything else?
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now. Anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome
Yes, it was written by Maurice Sendak in 1963. Have you read it?
The BFG is a family friendly film and so is the movie too. Have you seen it?
Yes it does! It is also a great family film. Enjoy!
Still Alice is written by Frank McCourt and starring Tom Hanks. It's an adventure film.
Still Alice was released in 2005. You should check it out.
It is a good one! Enjoy!
It's a good one! I think you will enjoy it.
Sure! He wrote The Little House Collection and A Bug's Life. He wrote those books as well.
Yes, it was adapted into a film. The red house was adapted into a film.
Yes he did, The Red House was produced by Sylvester Stallone.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, Frank Coraci wrote Zookeeper and Here Comes the Boom, among others. Would you like to know more?
Kevin James also starred in Here Comes the Boom. Kevin James also starred in The Hunchback of Notre Dame
I'm not sure about that, but Frank Coraci also starred in Zookeeper. That is a comedy as well.
Well it was written by Sergio Leone who also wrote The Good, The Bad and the Ugly. You might like that one.
Well, Once Upon a Time in America would be a good one to check out.
I don't have that information. I'm sorry.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes I do! He starred in the Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus and the Brothers Grimm. Are you a fan of him?
It was released in 2006, and directed by Heath Ledger in it.
Zach Galifianakis was also in that movie. Do you like him?
No problem. Glad to help.
Yes, The Blind Side is an action/adventure film that was written by Winston Groom. It is also a good one.
I don't have any other information about movies based on Drama, but Michael Lewis also wrote The Kingdom of the Crystal Skull which is a comedy. Have you seen it?
Yes! Money Ball is written by Michael Lewis and stars Johnny Depp. It is a comedy action film.
Its written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with this author?
Cassandra Clare also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Ashes; City of Ashes; City of Ashes; City of Glass. They are also young adult fiction. Do you enjoy young adult fiction?
Then you'll like Clockwork Angel also written by Cassandra Clare and has genre Young-adult fiction
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
Yes, he wrote Children's Literature and Speculative fiction. Are you into that genre?
Yes he did and that was written by J.K. Rowling.
I can't find that information. However, I can tell you he also wrote a book called The Fault in Our Stars.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I'm a little familiar with that novel by C.S.Lewis. Would you like me to recommend another book by the same author?
He also wrote Till We Have Faces, The Magician's Nephew, and The Abolition of Man.
You're welcome.
He's a great artist. Did you know he starred with John Lennon to write Yellow Submarine?
Yes, I do like Liverpool.
I have never heard of him. Is he a football player?
Do you know if he was a Beatles fan or do you like the Beatles.
Laurie Halse wrote Wintergirls, Twisted, and The Impossible Knife of Memory.
Wintergirls is a Crime Fiction novel released in 2011.
Sure, I'll add it to your list. Enjoy the book!
Yes, Rihanna has some great songs from Rihanna. Which is your favorite Rihanna song?
That's great. Did you know she starred in Cloverfield? That's a good one.
It is a great movie. It's a great adventure film.
He starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen them?
Yes, he starred in The Social Network and The Little Prince. Do you like those genres?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you it was written by Stephen Sommers and Marc Forster.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
It was written by Suzanne Collins and a Young-adult fiction. Do you like this author?
Well, if you have a preference, I would recommend Adventureland or The Sea of Monsters. Both are excellent reads.
Yes, that's correct.
Yes, he is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Manchester United and the Seattle Supersonics. Are you a fan?
Yes, he did. William Devane is also in that film. Are you a fan of his?
No, I am not sure if John was in that film. Jonathan Dayton also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
It is considered a historical period drama, but it is not much of a historical period drama.
You're welcome!
Yes, A Walk to Remember is written by Nicholas Sparks and was released in 2011. Do you like books by Sparks?
The Notebook is a good one that is similar to A Walk to Remember.
Yes, it is also a drama. I think you'll like it.
Nicholas Sparks also wrote The Silence of the Lambs, which is a thriller. Do you like that kind of book?
The Matrix Revolution was produced and directed by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
Yes, Keanu Reeves starred in The Matrix Revolutions, The Devil Wears Prada, and The Matrix Revolutions.
He was also in "The Matrix Revolutions" and "The Devil Wears Prada."
I'm not sure, but I do know he starred in The Matrix Revolutions.
Tim Robbins was the director of Mystic River, did you know he directed that movie?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I do. He directed The Mechanic, Stolen, and Sixth Sense just to name a few.
Did you know that Simon West directed The Expendables 2?
He hasn't acted in recent movies, but he did write The Manchurian Candidate
Happy to help
I'll add it to your list for you
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans which is fiction.
No, I haven't. Did you know that The Light Between Oceans was released?
Sure, he also directed The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Are you a fan of his?
Great, I hope you enjoy the movie!
Yes, she wrote Rebecca and My Cousin Rachel.
My Cousin Rachel has genre Historical period drama. Does that interest you?
It was released in 1937.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
The Green Bay Packers are a great football team, coached by Mike McCarthy
I did not know that! Have you been there?
Stephen Curry is my favorite player. do you like him?
I think he is a good coach, but not a big fan of the Patriots. i think his wife is a big fan of that team
That's true, it's been a long time since they're having a good season this year.
Yes, I am! Did you know he starred in Friends with Benefits?
It's a romantic comedy. If you like romantic comedies, you should check it out.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Would you like me to add it to your list?
Yes, she's a singer-songwriter who appeared on American Idol. Do you like her music?
American Idol is a great film. Did you know Clay Aiken won the Tony Award for Best Male Video?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But I can tell you that Tyra Benson starred in American Idol.
Yes, she is a cartoonist and musician as well. Do you like any other actors?
Sure, Joseph Sikora also starred in Wolverine, which is a thriller. Do you like that genre?
The Watcher is a thriller and stars Denzel Washington. Do you like the Watcher because it is a thriller?
Yes, Leonardo Dicaprio starred in The Event. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
Frances Mayes wrote The Secret Garden, Little Lord Fauntleroy, and A Little Princess.
Would you be interested to know anything else about Mayer, or would you prefer other poets?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I do not have information on Station Eleven, but I do know that it was released in 2014, and was written by St. John Mandel. Are you a fan of thrillers?
Toni Morrison wrote The Bluest Eye and Sula
Its genre is fiction
You might enjoy Voyager and The Penelopiad
It was written by Quentin Tarantino
You're welcome
Downfall is a war film. Other movies in this genre include World Trade Center, War of the Worlds, and Trojan Odyssey.
It starred Walter Paxton and was written by Daphne du Maurier.
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like sci-fi or action films?
Yes, he also starred in The Walt Disney Company, which is a romantic/comedy film.
Tom Hanks was in the Toy Story 3 and Michael Angarlin was in the Toy Story 3.
The Great Gatsby is a novel and The Chosen and The Affair are similar to it.
Well, "The Crucible" is written by Christopher Bigsby. Have you read it, or seen the movie?
Well, it's a drama that was released in 2014. I'd also recommend it, it's a tragedy.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it.
He starred in The Terminator which is a good read. Have you seen it?
It's a Romance. Did you like Romance?
It was released in 1999. Playing for Keeps stars Jennifer Garner.
Sure thing! Enjoy!
I have not. I know it was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Tom Hardy.
It was released in 2005 and is a romance/comedy film.
Yes, he did and that was a great movie.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Sure! He starred in American Pie and The Golden Compass. Have you seen either of these?
He also wrote The Golden Compass and American Pie. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, The Lady in the Water is a drama. Chris Weitz also directed it as well. Have you seen it?
Sure, he directed The Truth About Forever, and The Last Don. Have you seen either of those?
The Nightingale is a great children's book. Its part of a series, would you like to hear more about it?
Yes, she also wrote Winter Garden, True Colors and The Things We Do For Love. Those are also great books.
It is written by Laura Hillenbrand and it is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
I don't know much about him. Did he star in The expendables 2?
It was released in 2001 and starred Shia LaBeouf. Are you a fan of either of those actors?
You're welcome, enjoy!
I definitely recommend Die Hard with a Vengeance, it is a crime fiction starring Bruce Willis.
Yes he did and he also wrote A Good Day to Die Hard. Have you seen it?
Yes, I can tell you that it is a Romance novel that is similar to How the Grinch Stole Christmas.
Yes, The Lorax was released the same year that The Lorax was released.
Yes, The Sneetches and Other Stories is written by Margaret Stohl and has a genre Children's Literature as well.
You're welcome.
Yes, it was released in 2014 starring Melissa Benoist and Melissa Benoist. Are you a fan of those actors?
She also starred in The Longest Ride and The Longest Ride.
No, but Melissa Benoist is a collaborator with a lot of people.
Yes, it is considered a Romance as well as a comedy-romance.
Yes, I have seen Faster and Men of Honor starring Tony Goldwyn, who also starred in The Longest Ride
You're welcome.
I think they are a good team, what's your favorite team?
Well, from what I've heard, he was so talented. One of my favorite teams is the Lakers.
Yes, they have a lot of good players, including players like Lebron James, on the Los Angeles Lakers.
Definitely, Larissa wrote асска и овести, асска и асска и овести, рат  асска  , рат  , асс, асс, асс, асс, асс , ассссссссссссс
I do not have that information but he wrote асска и овести and асска и асска асс.
Glad to help. Hope you enjoy it.
Another book by the same author is Nicholas Sparks. Have you read that one?
Have you heard of Beautiful Creatures? It is also considered a Romance.
Yes, it is written by Sarah Dessen and released in 2008. Would you like to know more about her books?
No problem! I hope you enjoy it!
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know they were coached by Mike Shanahan. Are you a fan?
I don't know too much about him, other than he was the owner of the Redskins. Are you a football fan?
Oh wow. That's a great sport to watch. Thanks for the info.
She wrote Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
She also wrote Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life from Dear Sugar
Your welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, The Cuckoo's Calling was written by Robert Galbraith and was released in 2013. Are you familiar with this author?
She also wrote The Cuckoo's Calling and The Silkworm.
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
I hope you enjoy it!
I do! He starred in The Pacifier, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes it is. It is also on Comedy Central. You might like it.
Do you like Crime Fictions because it is a comedy?
Yes, that book was written by Jean B. Auel. He also wrote Little House on the Prairie and Little House on the Prairie.
Yes, Little House on the Prairie is written by C.S. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Little House on the Prairie has genre of Children's Literature. Is that a genre you favor or favor to you?
Sure, Venus Williams is an American professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 40 in the WTA singles rankings.
No, I did not. I did not know that. What genre is that?
Oh, I didn't know that. I know that Venus has beaten Venus but lost.
Yes, The Lost Symbol is written by Dan Brown and was made into a movie starring Tom Hanks. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, he was also a writter in The Da Vinci Code, have you seen that?
Yes, he did write The Da Vinci Code and it starred Tom Hanks
He wrote The Da Vinci Code, Angels & Demons and Inferno just to name a few.
Marvin's Room is a similar one
Enjoy
Yes, I love X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse Now. Have you seen those?
X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
Another great sci-fi movie you might enjoy is Zombieland, X-Men: First Class.
Yes, I like Robert Downey Jr., he starred in a lot of movies like Iron Man 2 and The Avengers.
Tim Dolin wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented. Would you like books similar to Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented?
It's non-fiction. It was released in 1891.
He also wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented
Rick Yancey wrote The Monstrumologist, The Last Star, and The Infinite Sea.
It was written by Gareth Stedman and was released in 1867.
Enjoy your reading!
Starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn. what else can i answer for you?
Thomas Lennon also starred in Zoom, which is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Yes, I think you'll enjoy it!
Gone with the Wind was written by Margaret Mitchell. She also wrote A Storm of Swords and Fifty Shades of Grey.
Well, then you might like World Without End, Wolf Brother or Wildwood Dancing.
The Untouchables stars Steve Buscemi and is a Romance movie, if you haven't seen The New World.
You're welcome.
Do you have a favorite song of his?
Two of my favorites by him are The Wedding Date and The Last Song.
It is also written by Nicholas Sparks and is a satire.
Yes! They are a Korean boy band from Seoul that sing pop music, k-pop, and contemporary R&B.
I have Inkhheart and Tintenherz. Would you like those?
Inkheart has genre Romance. Would you like to hear about other movies in this genre?
You are welcome.
Similar to The Hangover Part II is Meet the Fockers and Welcome to Temptation
It is written by David Koepp and it is a science fiction/romance film.
You're welcome.
Yes he wrote Fantastic Beast and Where to Find Them. Have you read that one?
It's an action film. Do you like that kind of book? If so, I highly recommend it.
You're very welcome! I hope you like it!
I know she starred in Hook Ya Crook, have you seen it?
What sport do you like to watch?
Robert Duvall starred in Hook Ya Crook. Have you seen it?
Sure thing! Tracy Chevalier wrote The Virgin Blue, The Last Runaway, and The Lady and the Unicorn.
The Last Runaway was released in 1997, and it was written in English.
You are welcome.
Do you like the author Roald Dahl or the genre?
There are so many to choose from but a few to mention. Would you like to know more?
Yes, he actually wrote an autobiographies as well. It's more of an historical period drama.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, they are a football team. Are you a fan of theirs?
I do! He wrote The Memoir of Sherlock Holmes, The Complete Sherlock Holmes, and The Return of Sherlock Holmes. Have you read any of those ?
Yes, I can recommend a movie similar to Dawn of the Planet of the Apes
Yes, he also starred in Unbreakable and The Skull
Iron Man 3 also stars Robert Downey Jr and Mark Ruffalo
You're very welcome, please enjoy!
It was written by Diana Wynne Jones and stars Christian Bale. Are you interested in young adult fiction?
Jon Favreau wrote Made, starring Faizon Love and Jonathan Silverman
He wrote The Wolves of Calla and Jurassic Park III.
Then you might also like Zombieland if you haven't seen it already.
Yes he did. Chris Evans also starred in The Pillars of the Earth.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, did you like Sharp Objects because it was written by Gillian Flynn or because it was the genre Suspense/Mystery?
I don't know any others by her. But, Gone Girl is in the same genre as Sharp Objects.
Yes it was. It was directed by Gillian Flynn.
What Do You Do was released in 2015.
Yes, I do. He wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's. Are you a fan of his work?
Cold Blood is a drama. Do you like Drama?
It's a fun family movie. Didn't he enjoy those types of movies? If so, I recommend X-Men 2 or World War Z.
It's a great movie! It stars Jennifer Lawrence, Josh Hutcherson, and William Hurt.
Yes, it was directed by Steven Spielberg. Are you a Spielberg fan?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Mark Cotta Vaz has written several books such as Twilight: The Complete Illustrated Movie Companion, and Revenge of the Beholder.
Yes, it is a vampire series. Would you like me to add it to your list?
You're right. If you like Stephanie Meyer, she also wrote The Chemist and The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner.
You're welcome!
Sure, he directed Seven Psychopaths
Seven Psychopaths is a psychological thriller released in 1999
You're welcome
Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995. Do you like the author or the genre?
Yes, Gap Creek was released in 1999. It's a drama/romance novel.
You're welcome, I hope you like it!
Great, have a good day!
Rickie Fowler is an American athlete. He plays golf. Do you play the sport?
I haven't seen it, but I've heard it's pretty good. I'm more of a golf fan. Do you like Golf?
Yes she has starred in quite a few of movies, including The Wedding Date, and The Iron Giant.
Sure, Connie Nielsen starred in The Situation, The Ice Harvest and The Hunted, among others.
I'm not sure, but Connie Nielsen starred in it as well.
It's a psychological thriller. Do you like those kinds of movies?
The 5th Wave is an adventure film. It was released in 2014.
The Last Man written by Ricky Yancey was released in 2016. That's also science fiction as well.
I like both sci-fi and adventure books.
The Last Star is a mystery movie written by Ricky Yancey but is also an animation film.
No problem, enjoy!
She's a bit poppy for me. Wasn't she in Valentine's Day and The Lorax?
I did not see her in other movies, but I can tell you she is a talented actress who has been in such films as Valentine's Day and The Giver.
Did you know she was also in Valentine's Day, which is a comedy?
Yes, I do! He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, The Proposal and The Proposal. Have you seen those?
I haven't. Can you tell me who produced it?
He also starred in X-Men: First Class and Underworld: Evolution.
I hope you enjoy it.
Me, too! Did you know he starred in Men in Black 3?
I like the song Love Yourself, do you like it?
I like his music too, but Selena Gomez is also a model
That was a great movie! Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith was Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith and Star Wars: Episode III - Return of the Jedi.
Nolan Funk starred in it as well. Do you like his movies?
He also starred in The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus which was also a film
Jack and Jill, Bedtime stories, grown ups. Adam Sandler movies are all great
Grown up was directed by Kristin Hannah and released in 2003
Yes he did and it was directed by Ridley Scott.
You are welcome
Victor Hugo is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for French club Paris Saint-Germain and the Brazil national team.
It was released in 1926. Do you like classics?
It is, similar to Zoe's Tale and Wyrd Sisters
Then you might also like What My Mother Doesn't Know and The Invisible Man.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Paul Thomas Anderson wrote There Will Be Blood starring Paul F. Tompkins.
Sure, Sia performed Titanium and I love it. Do you like her music?
Did you know he is also a model?
Yea, he's also done a bunch of things. I'm not sure if he's done any other stuff.
Anthony Hopkins starred in both Bobby and The Edge. Have you seen either of those?
Peter and Paul is a drama. He also starred in What Just Happened.
Yes, Tom Everett and Bobby also starred in Peter and Paul, it's a drama.
I hope you enjoy it!
The are a pretty good team. Do you follow football much?
They are in the AFC North division. Are you a fan of them?
I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan myself. What about you?
Isaiah Thomas was a basketball player a point guard. Do you like basketball?
I didn't know he was with the Denver Nuggets. I guess he was a good player as well.
I haven't seen it but will check Space Jam out. Did you know Space Jam was released in 2004?
Yes that was written by William Shakespeare. If you like his work, you might also enjoy The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark.
Shakespeare also wrote The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark
Have a great day
She is a tennis player. Do you like her?
I am not sure about Serena Williams, but I do know Venus is a male as well and it does not look like they do.
I didn't know she lost to Serena Williams. I guess she should have never lost to Venus.
I think they are a pretty good team. Do you like Football?
He coached the New England Patriots, did you know that?
It was a year for Super Bowl XI
Yes, Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
It was released in 1886.
It was Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and was released in 1886.
Have you seen The Prisoner of Zenda? It was also released in 1886.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'll order it right now.
Yes there was a movie based on it. It was written by J.K. Rowling. Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
He also wrote Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone.
Yes, he wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement, and Who Moved My Cheese? Have you read either of those?
Yes, Kenneth H. Blanchard wrote it. The book was released in 1981.
It's a Non-Fiction book that was released in 1981.
Your welcome.
Fountainhead is written by Vince Flynn. Are you a fan of thrillers?
She did! She also wrote We the Living. Have you heard of it?
You're welcome. Anything else I can help you with?
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories ?
That's a great horror book by Bram Stoker. Other horror books by Bram Stoker are Mister Pip's Dracula, or other horror books from that time period.
It was written by Stephen King. Would you like to hear more about Stephen King's books?
The Girl Next Door has genre Fiction, Speculative fiction, and fiction
She wrote Flowers for Algernon which was written by Mayes
Yes, its genre is romance novel and was released in 1906.
No problem, I hope you enjoy it!
Do you like the movie because it is starring Harper Lee?
Yes, she did write Go Set a Watchman
You are welcome
She also wrote Go Set a Watchman, have you seen it yet?
Yes, it is a great movie starring Al Pacino and was released in 2006.
I have not, I have it is written by Robert De Niro and stars Al Pacino, Robert De Niro and Richard Portnow.
I agree. Did you know he also starred in The Son of No One? I love that movie.
I don't have any other information on Michael Byrne, but he was also in The Godfather Part II, have you seen that one?
I am not sure, but Tom Byrne also starred in Vampyres
No problem!
Seamus Heaney wrote Beowulf. Did you know he is a scientist and poet.
It is considered a classic. Another good one is Romeo and Juliet. Have you read it?
It is in the same genre as The Ghost Road. Have you seen it?
Yes, he starred in The Terminator, The Order, and The Order. Have you seen any of those?
Sure, he starred in The Terminator and The Order.
Lionheart is a Fantasy/Comedy/Drama film that was released in 1999
Liam Neeson is also in it. Do you like him?
Here are some other films he starred in that movie, Winter's Bone, The Poker House, and The Channing Tatum.
No problem!
He directed Seven Psychopaths? Do you like dark comedies?
Six Shooter was a critically acclaimed film by Martin McDonagh, who also starred in Seven Psychopaths
Seven Psychopaths is considered a psychological thriller, crime fiction, drama, and action film.
I agree, he's doing great things for the Timberwolves. Do you like basketball?
I watch a lot of basketball, but my favorite team is the Lakers. Which team is your favorite?
Wilson Chandler, isn't he? He's a great shooting guard, but he's quite good as well.
Would you like me to recommend something in the same genre?
Alien is a sci-fi and adventure film. Is that the type of movie you like?
Yes he did, he's the producer of all three Alien movies. Do you like his movies?
I'm sorry, I don't have anything else by him. I can tell you more about his movies.
Great, I'll add it to your list! Enjoy!
The Rosie Project was written by Graeme Simsion and was released in 2013.
Yes, she also wrote Effect was released in 2014. Are you a fan of hers?
Yes, it is. Did you know that it was released in 2014.
Antoine Fuqua wrote Olympus Has Fallen, Olympus Has Fallen, and Olympus Has Fallen.
Robert Forster stared in Olympus. He also starred in Rear Window which is a great drama.
He has also produced The Last Continent which is a Romance.
Olympus is written by Steven Spielberg. Would you like me to recommend anything else he wrote?
I do! Did you know he starred in Friends with Benefits? That's one of my favorite movies.
That's interesting. He was also in Vanilla Sky. Did you see it?
I'm not sure if he has, but Will Smith is a friends with Will Smith. I think he also starred in Vanilla Sky.
Sure, do you like books by J. D. Salinger? He also wrote Franny and Zooey
F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote To Kill a Mockingbird, it is fiction and was released in 1910. Are you a fan of fiction?
Yes, Harper Lee also wrote Go Set a Watchman and has won a Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and The Presidential Medal of Freedom Award
You're welcome, enjoy!
It was written by Cassandra Clare. Are you a fan of young adult fiction?
Yes, you are correct. She also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex.
No problem, I hope you enjoy it!
I'm not a huge baseball fan but I like the Atlanta Braves. They are in the American League which is my favorite team!
That's right, did he owns the Boston Red Sox
I'm sorry I don't have that information
Oh wow, I'm not sure about that one. What other sports do you like?
Yes, I know he is a composer and songwriter too.
I think she is a great athlete, did you know she was born in Hisar (Indian district)?
I didn't realize that. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Yes it was, Western Europe is a great town, have you been there?
Yes I do, it was written by Richelle Mead and a Speculative fiction. What genre do you like?
The Amazing Spider-Man was written by Emma Stone and Andrew Garfield. It's a great adventure film. Do you like adventure films?
He has written The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and The Amazing Spider-Man
Yes it is, she is also in Wonder Woman, did you know she was also in The Iron Giant?
ok
Yes, Gillian Flynn wrote What Do You Do and Sharp Objects.
It is a Young-adult fiction
Yes, Gillian wrote What Do You Do
You're welcome
He wrote Heretics of Dune and Heretics of Dune.
Have you heard of Lost Highway or Gulliver's Travels?
It was published in 1980. Would you like to know more about it?
Enjoy the book, have a great day!
Did you like it because it was a Mystery or a Mystery?
It is also a family comedy movie, have you seen it? It is also supposed to be great.
Great, hope you enjoy it!
Yes I do! It was written by Robert Jordan and is considered young adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
It is a great movie. Another example would be The Marvellous Land of Oz, have you seen it yet?
Yes, it's a great one! I hope you enjoy it!
You're very welcome! Hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Little Miss Sunshine was written by Quentin Tarantino. He also starred in Little Miss Sunshine.
Of course! It was written by Ray Bradbury, and released in 1996. It is a romantic comedy film.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I've never read the book but I have heard of it. That was written by Sara Gruen. Have you read it?
No, I haven't. Do you like romance novels?
No, I haven't. Is that a romance novel?
I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the information.
I hope you like it.
OK, have a great day!
Beautiful Disaster is a novel written by Jamie McGuire and released in 2011
Jamie McGuire also wrote Beautiful Oblivion which was released in 2014.
You're welcome!
Pulp Fiction was written by Quentin Tarantino.
John Travolta also starred in Zombieland
She played in The Hunger Games: Catching Fire and Walk the Line. If you haven't seen either of those yet, you really should.
Sean Flynn was also in that movie
She also starred in Girl, Interrupted and Unstoppable
Yes he is. He wrote The Postal Service and The Shining. Are you a fan of thrillers?
I haven't followed them but know they are a sports team. Are you a fan?
Not really. I am more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan. What about you?
I like Lakers. What is your favorite player?
Sure! Jake Gyllenhaal is a writer and a film producer. Some of his most influential works include Mostly Harmless and The Dharma Bums. Are you interested in any of those?
They were released in Zodiac, in 1986.
It also stars Michael Angarano and Jake Gyllenhaal
I can recommend some of his movies.
Do you like science fiction
You might like the Harry Potter series, or the Prisoner of Azkaban, or the Harry Potter series.
Yes it is. It's part of the series The Lion, The Witch, and The Wardrobe.
It was released in 2004.
I know she wrote The Mists of Avalon which is fiction. Do you like fiction?
It is a fantasy novel, would you like to know about other fantasy novels?
The Mists of Avalon is written by Philip Pullman and is actually part of a series, have you tried it?
No problem! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, John Ratzenberger wrote The Titanic, a great movie. Have you seen it?
That's a great movie. It also stars Billie Letts and Daphne du Maurier.
It is considered a romantic comedy. Does that interest you?
I hope you enjoy it!
Yeah, I can tell you that she wrote The Ship of Brides which is also speculative fiction as well as Speculative fiction. Are you a fan of those genres?
It is a Romance Novel. If you are into romantic comedies, you might also enjoy Violets Are Blue.
Glad to help!
Yes, I did enjoy O Brother, Where Art Thou because it starred Tom Hanks, but I haven't seen it yet.
Sure! Joel Coen also wrote The Longest Yard and The Road to El Dorado.
Yes, it was released in 1985.
You are welcome.
He was in Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi and The Titanic
Wally Lamb wrote She's Come Undone and The Hour I First Believed. Do either of those interest you?
It was released in 2004.
Yes it was. Wicked Appetite was released in 2009 by Janet Evanovich.
Yes, he's a great author. He wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest & he starred in Go Further.
That's a great film. Ken Kesey wrote that! He also wrote The Handmaid's Tale and The Bonfire of the Vanities.
Yes he was, he was also a writer and a television producer. He was also a producer.
Similar to Leo Defio, it was written by Robert Rodriguez.
Did you know he starred in The Dark Knight?
Sure, X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse
I am not sure what movies they've starred in, is that what you're looking for?
I am not sure, but I can tell you that he also starred in The Big Leo and The Avengers.
You're welcome
Yes, it was written by J.R.R Tolkien
The horse and his boy is also written by C.S. Lewis and is also a fantasy. Do you like fantasy books?
The Silver Chair is a Speculative fiction and fantasy. Do you like those genres?
Sure! He directed District 9, a crime fiction film and Channing Tatum. Are you familiar with that film?
Yes, District 9 is considered a thriller. It also stars Stephen Fry and Rupert Everett.
Yes, she was. She was also in House Bunny.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, she sang Call Me Maybe and Wild Ones. Do you like Jazz?
I think I love Call Me Maybe because I'm a little girl. She has a lot of friends like Call Me Maybe because I'm a little girl.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Manchester United and the Brazil national team. Do you like soccer?
Javier Hernández is also on the Mexico national football team.
I believe he is from Guadalajara, Mexico.
Bobby Farrelly wrote Stuck on You, Stuck on You, Stuck on You, Stuck on You and Stuck on You
If you like comedy movies, you should check out Zoolander. It stars Gerard Butler and Josh Brolin.
I am not sure who starred in that movie. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Glad to help! Enjoy the movies!
Yes he plays basketball. He plays point guard. Do you like basketball?
I'm not sure if he play again, but he has had a comeback, Should I add it to your list?
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Sure! Number the Stars is written by Lois Lowry and the genre is Speculative fiction.
Yes, it is, similar to Number the Stars, which is also written by Lois Lowry.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
He wrote The Twits, which is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
He wrote The Twitts, which is also by Quentin Blake.
Anything else I can help you with?
It was released in 2014, I think you'll like it!
You're welcome
This book is by John Green, who also wrote The Fault in Our Stars
Yes, John Green also wrote Paper Towns.
You're welcome!
Yes, If you like Firm you'll like The Firm. It is also written by John Green. Are you a fan of thrillers?
The Firm is a legal thriller. If you like that genre, it is also considered a thriller or suspense.
You're welcome!
Sure. He wrote Island and Brave New World. Are you familiar with either of those?
Yes, it was. It was released in 1956. Would you like to know anything else about it?
Yes, The Last Battle was released in 1956. Would you like me to add it to your list?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
He wrote A Brief History of Time: From The Big Bang to Black Holes.
Yes, he also wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Yes, Stephen Hawking also wrote a Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
OK, anything else I can help you with?
Sure, she starred in Sneakers, Passion Fish and Mumford. All of which are very good movies.
That's great. Robert Redford also starred in Vanilla Sky and The Last Samurai. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, she was in that. That's a great movie. I think you'll enjoy it.
Scream genre is Action/Adventure.
He wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames and Naked. Have you read either of those?
It's Non-Fiction and was released in 2008.
Yes 2008 was the year that you Are Not So Smart was released that year
You're welcome
Yes, I do. Did you know she is friends with Miley Cyrus and Jessie J?
I didn't, I'm a huge fan of her music, but I do know that she is also on the TV series, have you ever seen her on TV?
Yes, that's a great song. Did you know she starred in The Muppets and Snoop Dogg, another celebrity.
Robin starred in Mrs. Doubtfire. Have you seen it?
Unfortunately, I am not sure but Wayne Brosnan also starred in Mrs. Doubtfire. Have you seen it? It is considered a comedy as well.
Yes she was, did you know she was also in The Mists of Avalon?
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Did you like it because it was written by Tony Gilroy or because it was starring Matt Damon?
Yes he did. Sean Penn starred in Fair Game.
I would highly recommend Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
I'm glad I could help!
Sure, He wrote The Crucible. Have you read that?
Sure, it was released in Christopher Bigsby and stars Tracie Thoms and Christopher Bigsby and is a Tragedy.
Yes, if you like tragedy he also wrote The Crucible, you might like it.
Yes, I can tell you that The Fall of the House of Usher is written by Christopher Bigsby and also stars William Golding.
Sure, anything else I can help you with?
I think he is a great basketball player, do you follow basketball?
I don't know much about him. Is he a basketball player?
I'm afraid I don't. What sports do you like to watch?
He is a point guard. One of the best basketball players in the league.
Sure! Mary Harron directed American Psycho and was the Executive Producer on The Notorious Bettie Page. Have you seen either of these?
It is crime fiction
Your welcome
It was released in 2001
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Would you like to hear about other films in that genre?
He starred in The Matrix Revisited and The Matrix Revolutions.
He wrote the Matrix Reloaded, a crime fiction film.
He directed The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen it?
Allegiant stars Tracie Thoms and Jeremy Renner
It is a action film, would you like me to recommend other action movies?
He wrote The Light Between Oceans which is fiction.
The Light Between Oceans has genre Fiction. Are you into fiction?
Yes, Audrey Tautou starred in The Light Between Oceans. Are you a fan of comedy films?
You are welcome. Glad I could help.
Yes, he starred in the movie Fool's Gold with Matthew McConaughey. Are you a fan of his?
Yes, he did. He also directed The Usual Suspects, The Absolute Sandman, and The Hangover.
Fool's Gold is written by Nicholas Sparks. He also directed The Lady in the Lake and Shark Night.
Yes he did, he also starred in Fool's Gold.
You're welcome!
He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything, if you're interested.
I can recommend Freddy vs. Jason
You're welcome
Yes, that is a good one. It was written by Tony Gilroy and Johnny Depp. Do you like thrillers?
If you like Taxi Driver you might also like X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen that?
Enjoy!
Not much. I do know he plays for the Uruguay national football team. Are you a fan?
Yes he did. Liverpool is a great football club. Do you like football?
Yes, Liverpool F.C. is also a midfielder and a forward. Do you like midfielders?
Tom Brady is a great coach. Do you like the Patriots?
The Half-Blood Prince is written by J.K. Rowling, would you like me to recommend other books by that author?
Yes it was also written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote The Casual Vacancy.
Yes, there was also another film, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, written by J.K. Rowling.
Yes, O Brother, Where Art Thou was written by John Green and it is a Speculative fiction.
The Odyssey stars Orlando Bloom and Christopher Lee. Are you a fan of his work?
You're welcome. The movie stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Hanks. Are you a fan of those actors?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
That book was written by Tennessee Williams and is in the genre of Southern Gothic. Would you like more books by WIlliams or others in that genre?
It was so beautiful and it was a beautiful story.
It's a drama. It was written by Tess Gerritsen, and released in 1945.
Have a great day! I highly recommend it.
Yes, Hayao Miyazaki starred in The Silence of the Lambs and in The Hangover. Have you seen either of those?
It stars Xzibit and Meryl Streep.
Yes, I do. He's also in Thir13en Ghosts and Unknown Woman.
You're welcome.
Yes, Ma Long is an American professional table tennis player. I don't know a whole lot about it. What do you think about him?
I am not sure about that, I do know he went to the 2012 Olympics. Do you like table tennis?
2004 is where the 2004 Olympics was the year that the London Olympics was released.
Did you know they were owned by Magic Johnson and Frank McCourt?
I am not a huge fan of football. What is your favorite team?
I do, I think Rangers are a good team, if I had to choose, I would say they are a good team, what is your favorite team?
FC Bayern Munich is a soccer club coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
Not so much, but Louis van Gaal played for Manchester United F.C. and he is a great player.
I like the Dallas Cowboys and Dallas Cowboys. What sports do you like?
Horse and His Boy is not too harsh but it was written by John Green
That's okay. I think your children is a big fan of 6th grade.
You're most welcome.
Sure! She wrote In Her Shoes, a crime fiction, and also a few more. Would you like to know more?
I am not sure. However, she also wrote The Sum of All Fears which is another good one. You should check it out.
Okay, I would recommend Girl in Bed. It is a Romance genre. Does that interest you?
Great. Enjoy!
Great, I hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome.
The In Odd THomas is written by Dean Koontz and is considered young adult fiction.
You're right, it is actually a movie. It's also a thriller and is written by Dean Koontz. Do you like thrillers?
I'm not sure who wrote Worth Dying For, but it was released in 1974. Would you like to know more?
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion.
Pride and Prejudice was originally published in 1814. It's considered a historical period drama.
Yes, Jane Austen played a role in Sense and Sensibility, a comedy as well as Emma, and Persuasion, and Emma.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Titanic stars Leonardo DiCaprio and is written by James Cannon. Want movies with Leonardo DiCaprio?
Then you might like The Wedding Date or The Aviator. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, I can tell you that it was written by Veronica Roth. Would you like to know more about her?
I would recommend The Mists of Avalon or The Giver.
Me, too! She starred in The Proposal which was a great movie.
Yes, she also starred in Under the Skin with Sandra Bullock
The Proposal has genre Romance
You're welcome!
Agatha Christie wrote They Do It with Mirrors and The Secret of Joy. Have you read either of those?
It Do it with Mirrors has genre Comedy.
I do! She also wrote They Do It With Mirrors and The Secret Adversary.
Yes, I do! She starred in The Special Relationship and The Queen. Have you seen either of them?
It's a historical period drama. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Ralph Fiennes is a great actor, producer, and director!
He directed, directed, and produced Red Cliff. It is an action film. Do you like that kind of movie?
Red cliff is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You might also enjoy the War film starring Leonardo DiCaprio or The Matrix Revolutions.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Madagascar is starring Jada Pinkett Smith, who also starred in Love Actually, which is a Science Fiction/Adventure movie.
Yes, Darnell was a screenwriter and a director as well. He directed The Mist, A Bug's Life, and Madagascar.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Edgar Wright wrote The War of the Worlds and The Stand. Have you heard of those?
Scott Pilgrim starred in The Worlds End, a psychological thriller. Do you like that kind of movie?
Yes, he did indeed also directed Shaun of the Dead. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
I'm glad I could help.
Isn't he a basketball player from the United States of America? Isn't he a basketball player?
I don't know him, I know he was born in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma City.
I'm not sure, I don't follow sports, I know he is a point guard, and he is a point guard
A Grief observed is written by C.S. Lewis. Lewis also wrote Till We Have Faces
He also wrote Till We Have Faces, The Magician's Nephew, and The Horse and His Boy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Andy Murray is an amazing athlete who plays tennis.
I don't have any information on that, but I know he is from London.
I didn't know that. I know he was also born in Hancock, have you seen that?
Ah, I did not know that. I wonder if he does, but I do know that he does have a relationship with Tiger Woods, and I would have to say that one.
He is a writer and a screenwriter. He wrote Fast Food Nation and starred in McLibel
Yes, Walt Whitman was a journalist and a journalist. Are you a fan of his?
It is considered children's literature, so I would say it is more of a children's literature.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Sure. He starred in The Skulls starring Peter Jackson. Have you seen it?
Yes, The Fast and the Furious is starring Vin Diesel, who also directed The Deathly Hallows starring Vin Diesel.
Yes, he starred in both of them. Did you know he was also in The Death and Life of Bobby Z?
I don't have that information, but he was a politician in The Skulls.
He starred in District 9, Heavenly Creatures, The Truman Show, and Civic Duty. Would you like to know more?
The Truman Show has genre Comedy. Are you into Comedy?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
No. I know he plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders. Are you a fan?
Sure, Fannie Flagg wrote A Redbird Christmas which is a fantasy novel. You like that genre?
It was released in 2012 and is a romance novel.
I do not have that information
My pleasure, let me know if you need more recommendations
That's a great film! It was written by Lee Unkrich and John Lassister.
Yeah, I know that he is a musician, an actor and an actor born in Los Angeles, USA.
Yes, I can tell you that Tom Everett starred in Toy Story 3 and it is a romance film.
Absolutely! Do you like Memento because it's written by Christoper Nolan?
Then you might like The Invisible Man. It's a psychological thriller.
Vanilla stars Penelope Cruz and Jason Lee, as well. Are you a fan of these actors?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Jean M. Auel wrote The valley of hoarse which is genre fantasy. also the shelters of stone.
Yes, would you like to know about "The Clan of the Cave Bear" or "The Plains of Passage"?
Yes, it was. I'd also recommend "The Clan of the Cave Bear" or "The Plains of Passage."
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Rick Riordan and it's a Young adult fiction book.
Yes, he wrote Battle of the Labyrinth and was released in 1999. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes he did. It was also written by Rick Riordan. Are you interested in his work?
I don't know much about him. Do he play for FC Bayern Munich?
Didn't Mesut Ozil also play for Real Madrid C.F.?
I don't know much about him either, but I know he is a midfielder.
i love Alex Morgan. who is a great player
i love soccer. what is your fav player?
that's funny! Do you like Disney films?
Shepard wrote Pretty Little Liars, and The Tao of Pooh.
Yes, she is most famous for being a composer and songwriter too.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I do like National Treasure. It was written by Frances Hodgson Burnett and is considered a thriller. Have you seen it?
Yes that is a great movie you should check out. It also stars William Hurt and Matt Damon.
I haven't seen that one, is it a Romantic Comedy?
I'll add it to your playlist now.
You're welcome!
Do you like John Steinbeck ?
It is a fiction novel. Do you like Grapes of Wrath?
The Secret River is a Historical novel that was published in 1939. Is that your interest?
She is an American professional football player who plays as a forward for Chelsea.
Another football team in London is the Dallas Cowboys. Which is your favorite team?
No, I'm sorry. I don't know much about it, but I do know that the team is coached by Tom Brady.
They are both in London. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm a NY Giants fan but I'm a Niner fan so I'm not a big fan of the Seahawks. They're in the NFC right?
He wrote Der Tod in Venedig and Das Parfum.
Of course, Brandon Sanderson wrote Radiance and Warbreaker, have you read those?
Yes he did, he also wrote a book called The Hero of Ages as well that was released in Radiance
Yes they were released in the same year The Last Star was released
You are welcome
It's a Thriller starring Robert Downey, Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal
If you are into crime Thrillers, you might also enjoy Without a Trace. It is a good one.
If you are into Thrillers, you might also enjoy Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee.
Glad to help! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes. Bryan Singer directed The Usual Suspects, X-Men, X-Men 2 , Superman Returns and more. Are you a fan of any of these?
X-men 2 starred Hugh Jackman, Jennifer Aniston, and Hugh Jackman.
Yes, it is a Thriller, similar to X-Men 2 and Monsters Inc.
I like super hero thrillers, do you like that kind of movie?
You are welcome, goodbye.
Yes, it was a great movie. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, The Maze Runner is a good one by M. Night Shyamalan, have you seen it?
Certainly, anything else I can help you with today?
Glad to help!
Sure Terry Gilliam wrote The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus which has genre in Adventure. You like adventure films?
The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus was released in 1985. It starred William Burroughs.
You're welcome
You're welcome!
Are you interested in romantic comedies or romance novels in general?
Have you read The Notebook or The Notebook by Nicholas Sparks?
The Wedding was released in 2007 and is about a romantic relationship between a woman and another woman.
Yes, Zane Grey is a recurring writer on The Wedding. I'm not sure about Zane Grey, but I've heard about it.
You're welcome.
The Wolf of Wall Street stars Leonardo DiCaprio, do you like his movies? If so, I would recommend The Newton Boys or The Quick and the Dead
It's a historical novel, released in 1982. Do you like that genre?
Enjoy the movie!
Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
You might enjoy The Clan of the Cave Bear. It's also considered a historical novel, so I'd suggest it.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Callum Rennie starred in eXistenZ and Warcraft.
eXistenZ has genre Adventure. what else can i answer for you?
The author that wrote that book also wrote Lolita, have you read that one?
It was written by George R.R. Martin, and has a genre of Speculative fiction.
Another good one would be Violets Are Blue, which is a thriller. Would you like to know more?
Gillian Flynn. She's from Washington. Do you like her work?
Sure, The Scar is written by Marie Lu, it is a mystery and was released in 1843
It was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Yes, he also directed The Theory of Everything. Do you like fantasy movies?
The King is a drama/romance movie released in 1999. Would you like to know more?
Total Recall is a movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Would you like to hear more?
I don't have anything else he was in. But he was also in The Ice Storm.
He was in The Car and The Beast Within You. Have you seen either of those?
You're welcome.
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories ?
Yes, it is a horror novel, similar to Dracula.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now. But I can tell you that it is a novel like Vanishing Acts.
Brave was a great adventure movie. Perhaps you would like The Incredible Burt Wonderstone or The Incredible Burt Wonderstone.
Have you seen Spaceballs? It's one of my favorite family movies.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
He is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Real Madrid and Fluminense FC.
I don't know anything about Rio de Janeiro, are you a fan?
Yes Luis a Midfielder on that team too!
Yes he wrote The Shadows of Pern. Have you read that?
J. R. Ward also wrote Into the Wild. You might like that one as well.
It's starring Humphrey Bogart, who also starred in The Hunchback of Notre Dame
Certainly! I hope you enjoy it!
Isn't he a cricket player?
I don't know a lot about cricket, I'm aware that it's popular in India. Is it a sport?
It's not playing it, but I've been meaning to watch it. It's okay.
Yes, She wrote If You Take a Mouse to the Movies, If You Give a Pig a Party, and If You Give a Pig a Party. Have you read any of them?
Yes, it was actually released in 1985, I don't have any information on that.
I don't have that information, but If you Give a Pig a Party was released in 1985.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
No, I do not. Isn't he a tennis player?
I'm not sure if they wrote that, but Wild Cards was released in the English language and was released in 2001.
That's great, I think you'll enjoy this book!
Sure, Harold Ramis was in Stripes, which is a crime fiction film. Do you like those kinds of movies?
If you like comedies, you may want to check out Funny People. It is also a comedy.
Sorry, I don't have that information. Something else I can help you with?
Steve Jobs is written by Walter Isaacson.
Are you a fan of the writers, would you like to know other titles in that genre?
She also wrote Becoming and Unfinished Tales of Beedle the Bard.
Hello, yes I do! She wrote The Night Circus. Have you seen it?
The Last Song was written by Nicholas Sparks and he wrote a lot of books. Would you like to hear some of his books?
Yes, True Believer is also by Nicholas Sparks and is a Crime Fiction.
Nicholas Evans also wrote True Believer and it was also turned into a movie called True Believer.
It is considered a historical period drama and a romance film.
You're welcome!
Dallas Cowboys is an awesome cowboys fan. Are you a fan of those cowboys?
I don't really know much about the Cowboys, other than they are in the NFC west. Are you a fan of them?
Haha, I'm glad to have been able to find that information.
Yes, he's an author, an actor and an athlete. Such a wide range of talent!
Yes, you are correct, as well as he was in Slumdog Millionaire.
I'd say I am more into horror films, I think I'd recommend it.
To Kill A Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee who also wrote Go Set a Watchman.
Yes Stephenie Meyer is the same author who wrote Go Set a Watchman.
Enjoy!
I think she is a great athlete, did you know she was born in Hisar (Indian district)?
No, I haven't. I know he plays for the Mumbai Indians, what team is he.
Yes, I have heard of Venus and Serena Williams, but I don't know much either.
I love him! He is one of my favorite singers. I think he is one of my favorite artists.
Bahati Prinsloo is an artist and songwriter too.
Sure, it also has a little bit of information on that label, would you like me to give it a try?
Xander Berkeley and Omari Hardwick starred in Kick Ass.
It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It was released in 2011.
Nicolas Cage starred in Lord of War and Bangkok Dangerous. Have you seen either of these?
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a comedy genre.
He was first in the Sorcerer's Apprentice and Lord of War.
You're welcome
Yes I do, he's a pretty good rapper. Do you like him?
Yes, Zakir Hussain is a great songwriter. I wonder if he is a good songwriter.
It was a good one, did you know he is from Compton?
The movie was written by Spike Lee and stars Denzel Washington. Have you seen that movie?
The Proposal is a good one! It's a thriller and a mystery. Have you seen it?
It's a classic, but Denzel Washington was also in it, and he was also in The Transporter.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Gangs of New York starring Daniel Day-Lewis of course! Daniel Day-Lewis of course!
Yes, Liam Neeson also starred in Face/Off. It's a good one.
Unfortunately, I don't have much information about Schindler's List. Schindler's List is a historical drama.
You're welcome
The Greatgatsby is written by the same author, J.R.R. Tolkien, would you like to hear more about the same author or genre?
Another book in the same genre would be The Astronaut's Wife and The Last Airbender
Then you might also like The Lord of the Rings and Fifty Shades of Grey.
Great. Please let me know if I can recommend something else.
Sure thing! The Adventures of Tom Sawyer is written by Mark Twain. It's considered children's literature, so I would recommend it if you are a children's fan.
Sure, he wrote La sombra del viento an el juego del angel. Have you read those books>
I don't have that information, but would you like to know El Juego del viento?
Oh wow, I'll add that one to your reading list?
No problem! I hope you enjoy.
Of course, she is an American singer who was born in Pittsburgh, Connecticut.
It was released in 2010 and is a popular song.
The Muppets is a comedy-drama produced by Will Gluck, who also starred in The Muppets
The Muppets is a musical comedy. Do you like musicals?
The Baltimore Ravens are a pretty good team. Do you like them?
i think Lamar Jackson is a good quarterback. What do you think about him?
There is a lot of interesting fans here and there.
Do you like Spirit Bound because it's a paranormal romance, or because it's urban fantasy?
Yes, other Young-adult fiction books are The Golden Compass and Blood Promise.
The Fault in Our Stars has a genre of Young-adult fiction and was released in 2010.
Yes, I have The Blood of Olympus. Would you like to watch that one?
Yes, it was written by Lois Lowry and the genre is Speculative fiction.
Lois also wrote; Gathering Blue, Anastasia Krupnik, and The Giver. Would you like to know more?
It is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre too?
Christopher Bigsby wrote The Crucible and All My Sons have you seen those?
He also wrote The Crucible and All My Sons have you seen those?
Sure! Do you like Moonrise Kingdom because it was written by Wes Anderson or because it starred Edward Norton?
Yes, he wrote The Sworn Sword and The Mystery Knight. Do you like any of those genres?
Some of the stars include Natasha Richardson and Jason Bateman
Of course, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it was written by Quentin Tarantino and stars Samuel L. Jackson.
It's a drama/mystery that was released in 2016.
He was also on The Patriot. It was a really good movie.
I don't have that information but I can tell you that The Rules of attraction is also a good horror movie as well
I liked her in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Are you a fan of hers?
She was also in American Pie, have you seen that?
You're welcome!
I do! Did you know she was in Men in Black 3?
You might like Teenage Dream or Wild Ones then.
It's kind of a classic. I'm not sure what it's called. I'm more of a classic rock person.
Yes, she wrote The Thorn Birds and The First Man in Rome.
The Thorn Birds was released in Rome in 2009. I do know when it was released.
The House at Pooh Corner is a good one, have you seen it?
Alison Doody starred in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade and Major League II. Have you seen any of those?
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade was released in 2004
Indiana Jones & the Last Crusade also starred Tom Hanks, Michael Byrne, and Kurt Russell
You're welcome
Are you looking for other books by J.K. Rowling or other thrillers?
Have you read The Fault in Our Stars? It is also young adult fiction.
You're welcome!
Yes, she wrote Rebecca, My Cousin Rachel and Jamaica Inn.
Rebecca was released in 1938.
Yes, she is from the United States.
Yes, I like him in This is 40.
The Muse is starring Meryl Streep. Do you like her movies?
I do! It is also starring Gerard Butler and Josh Brolin. Are you a fan of those actors?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Do you like movies starring Steve Carell? It is a great movie.
Steve Carell also stars in The Circle of Life and Robocop. Have you seen either of these?
Yes, Zach Galifianakis is in that movie. You are welcome.
Wilson Rawls wrote a series of books. You might like The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, have you heard of it?
She wrote a novel called The Iron Trial. Have you read it?
You are welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, do you like it because it is directed by James Cameron or because it is Sci-Fi?
Yes, Bruce Will Smith also starred in The Matrix Revisited, which was directed by Tom Hanks.
You are welcome, I hope you like it!
They are ok. Didn't they win Super Bowl XLVII?
Tom Brady was a good owner. Are you a Patriots fan?
He had a great wife, Gisele was so talented and a great wife.
He is such an amazing songwriter! I especially like Yellow Submarine. Did you know he wrote this?
He starred in Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone.
You might like The Black Dahlia or The Avengers. Both are great comic movies.
Be Cool and Bad Boys 2, are you aware of that? It is also a comedy genre.
Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome.
Pearl Harbor was released in 2002 and was written by Jane Austen. It's a Romance. Do you like Romance Novels?
I am not sure. However, I can tell you that Pearl Harbor was influenced by Djuna Barnes
Yes, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is in the genre of Fantasy. It was also an adventure film directed by Chris Columbus. Would you like to know more?
There is a sequel called Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
It was written by J.K. Rowling. Are you a fan of his?
You are welcome and enjoy!
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
Yeah, I think he's a pretty good basketball player but I don't know much about basketball. Who's your favorite player?
Yes, it stars Steve James, and he is a great actor.
I haven't seen it yet, but I've heard it's good. Who stars in it?
Rebecca Skloot wrote The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
The Immortal Life is a genre Science, and biography.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The coach is John Fox. Have you heard of him?
It is a Packer, and they are owned by Bill Bidwill
I like Basketball, but I'm a fan of Denver Broncos
Robert Duvall starred a few Americam Film like tha Apostle, God Father. Have you seen this movie?
Yes, it was also written by Robert Duvall and starred Harrison Ford. Are you interested in family movies?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
Yes he is. Did you know he starred in Friends with Benefits with Emma Stone?
Yes he did, he was also a musician as well.
I don't know what else he was in, but I do know he was also in Friendship and Adventureland.
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like sci-fi movies?
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy The Troop or The Matrix Revolutions. Both are considered science fiction.
That is a good one. Philip K. Dick also wrote The Adjustment Bureau, which is a science fiction/adventure film.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
I do! He's a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
Yes, I do he is a quarterback for the Saints. Do you have a favorite team?
I haven't seen that one, I know he also stars in The Christmas Blessing, and The Passage.
Yes, I do, it was written by J.J Abrams who also wrote Vampire and Destroy.
No it is more of a Vampire Literature genre
She also wrote The Sacrifice which is young adult fiction as well
You're welcome
Divergent was written by Veronica Roth. If you like Divergent you might also like The Hunger Games.
It's Young-adult fiction.
Are you a fan of the Thrillers genre?
Yes, he also wrote The Very Hungry Caterpillar. Are you a fan of children's literature?
Another great children's book is The Invisible Man. Have you read that one?
Yes, White Fang is also in the genre of Children's Literature.
Yes, he also wrote A Very Long Engagement and Carle.
You're welcome
Bruce Greenwood starred in The Republic of Love that he starred in
I'm not sure who else starred in it, but Jackie Burroughs also starred in The Republic of Love
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I think he's a good football player. What's your favorite team?
The Packers won the National Football League of the Year Award
Mike McCarthy also plays for the Packers. Have you heard of him?
Yes, she wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read either of those novels?
It's a Horror novel that was written by Andy Wachowski and released in 1982.
I don't have that information but I know she was influenced by Tomlin and Carlo Ancelotti.
You are welcome.
That's a great story. You might also like Little Lord Fauntleroy, which is a similar story.
Oh wow, I know Winnie-the-Pooh is children's literature like Winnie-the-Pooh and Now We Are Six I love the Winnie-the-Pooh.
Yes, it is. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Absolutely, enjoy and have a great day.
I don't really know much about him. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I'm not sure. But I know he was in the NBA Finals. But, I don't know much about him. But I'm more of a baseball fan, if I'm more of a baseball fan.
I'm not a huge fan of the Greek Freak, but I do know that he was drafted to the Seattle Seahawks.
Yes, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was written by J.K. Rowling. It was released in 2001.
Yes he did, Wonder Boys was written by Steve Kloves.
Yes, Linkin Park is still in my records. I believe they were both romantic comedies. Do you like them?
The Road was written by Vin Diesel, who also wrote No Country for Old Men, and No Country for Old Men.
Another science fiction book you might enjoy is Zoe's Tale, Xenocide or World Without End.
Zoe's Tale was written by John Scalzi and was released in 2008.
He normally does speculative fiction, science fiction, and children's literature.
Yes he does, he usually writes science fiction as well.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like Tom Hanks as an actor?
Great! He also starred in That Thing You Do. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, it is! Tom Hanks also stars in Larry Crowne, and it's a historical period drama.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes she wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants. Have you read those?
She also produced Pretty Little Liars, which is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Yes, I do. I'm a huge Elvis fan, and some of the members include Steve Buscemi, Stuck on You, and Sissy Spacek. Would you like to hear more about the show?
I'm not sure of that, but I do know it was written by Ted Tally and starred by William Steig. Have you seen it?
Yes, 30 Rock is actually a film. If you'd like to see it, you should check it out.
Yeah, I know he plays the forward position in soccer/football but not much else.
I know he's a Brazilian professional footballer who plays Midfielder and forward.
Yeah. He's from Washington DC. That's funny.
Kesha is pretty cool. I like her song Till the world ends.
Yeah, I don't know much about her as a fan of her music, what do you think about her?
That's right. I think McCartney is a great singer as well. Did you know that he is from Philadelphia?
Yes, Beatrice Sparks wrote Go Ask Alice.
Yes it was. It was released in 2001. You should check it out.
It was. It starred Reese Witherspoon, who also starred in it.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Similar to Ray Bradbury, I know he wrote The Martian Chronicles and The Illustrated Man.
Yes, it is speculative fiction. Would you like a recommendation for that?
Yes, they are. Ray also wrote Wintersmith, have you read it?
You're welcome!
I'll send it over. Enjoy!
Yes, he wrote and directed Horrible Bosses a very funny film
It starred James Franco and Tempestt Bledsoe. Do you like those actors?
I think he plays football. Isn't he a player?
Yes, I believe he was from Portugal. Did you know he was also a musician?
Yes, she was also in the movie Sneakers, have you seen it?
Total Recall starred Russell Crowe, would you like more movies in that genre?
Arnold Schwarzenegger starred in The Terminator, Predator, and The Revenant. Have you seen any of those?
Great question! Arnold Schwarzenegger is playing the screenplay for True Lies.
Ella Enchanted is written by Gail Carson Carson Levine and is a Speculative fiction. Are you interested in this genre?
Ella Enchanted is written by Gail Carson Levine and is genre Speculative fiction
There is no information about Ella Enchanted
You are welcome
Irwin kershner starred in films like The Return of a Man Called Horse and The Last Temptation of Chris
William Lucking starred in this movie, also in The Limey
He was in The Lord of the Rings: The Return of a Man Called Horse.
He wrote Madame Bovary. Are you interested in Literary realism?
It was released in 1856.
I am not sure when it was published, but I do know it was written in English.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that it is a satire.
Yes it is written by Kurt Wimmer do you like his work?
Yes he was
No, I haven't. Do you enjoy that movie?
Heart of Darkness is written by Joseph Conrad and is a Fiction Novella.
The Portable Atheist is a Speculative fiction. Have you read it?
Yes, it is. It is also written by Paula Hawkins.
J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Peter Pan
It was released in 1904
No, there are several authors written by J.M. Barrie, who also wrote The Shawshank Redemption.
It was originally written in the English language. If you're into Children's literature, you'll like that one.
You're welcome!
Sure! She wrote The Professor, Shirley and Villette. Have you read either of those ?
It's considered romance and historical fiction. Do you like those types of books?
Of course! I hope you enjoy them!
Tambling wrote the biography David Copperfield. Are you a fan?
Charles Dickens also wrote A Christmas Carol, Oliver Twist, and Oliver Twist.
You're welcome! Anything else I can help you with?
Blood Promise is written by Richelle Mead and has genre Young-adult fiction. Are you into Young adult fiction books?
Yes it is written by Richelle Mead.
I believe it is a romance novel.
I'd recommend The Golden Compass.
Sure! He is a tennis player. He played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
Not really. I'm more of a baseball fan. What sports do you like?
Yes, they have overcome a lot in the rough streets of Compton to become professional tennis players.
Yes, Blake Griffin is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Do you like basketball?
Oh, I'm not sure. He's a forward, right?
Wow, I didn't know that. I am more of a baseball fan. What team do you like?
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
Anatomy of a murder mystery
you are welcome. anything else
Yes, The Help was written by Tate Taylor and released in 2014. Are you a fan of dramas?
Yes, she did and it was also turned into a movie.
He has been in quite a few including The Help, a Romance, Titanic, and The Last Crusade.
Sure, Joseph Kosinski wrote and directed The Ninth Gate, which is a crime fiction. Do you like that genre?
That's a great one too, would you like me to send it to you?
Yes, he did! He's also a musician and a musician.
You're welcome!
He wrote The Water is Wide and The Prince of Tides.
Yes, you are correct. Tom Everett is also a writer and he was born in Tampa.
Flannery O'Conner is a writer. She wrote The Things We Do For Love and Into the Wild.
It's genre is children's literature.
Your welcome.
She starred in the movie Aliens
If you like Bill Paxton, he also starred in Musketeers, which is a horror film. Have you seen it yet?
Yes, Robert De Niro also starred in Weird Science, and True Lies.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy!
Yes, Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen, it's a great romance novel.
Pride and Prejudice has genre Romance. what else can i answer for you?
You are welcome
He wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction
She writes a lot of books in this genre. One of my favorite authors is Simone Elkeles, have you read it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
He is a great author! He wrote and starred in Robocop.
He was also a writter called RoboCop.
Total Recall is a science fiction/fantasy movie that was released in 1980.
You're welcome.
Snow White and the Huntsman was written by John Lee Hancock and stars Thomas Lennon
Did you know Snow White and the Huntsman was written by John Lee Hancock?
I don't know that one, but I do know that it is a romance film. Do you like romance films?
I don't have any information on that he's in but he was also in Witches Abroad and Wolf Brothers.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I would recommend Transformers: Dark of the Moon and Titan A.E.
Have you seen the other Hobbit movies?
The Golden Compass was written by Philip Pullman
Glad to be of service.
Glad to help.
Yes, Collateral was directed by Tom Cruise starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more?
Yes, he did write Public Enemies. That is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, i'd recommend it. I'm glad I could help!
No problem. I hope you enjoy Pulp Fiction!
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Total Recall starred Russell Crowe, Jeff Bridges, and Johnny Depp.
Sean Harris also starred in Total Recall
You are welcome.
Yes, they are owned by Bill Neukom. Are you a baseball fan?
Oh, I'm not a huge fan of 2014, but I do know that 2014 was a big deal for the San Francisco Giants.
I like the Boston Red Sox, but my favorite team is the San Diego Chargers.
Denzel Washington and Denzel Washington star in Equalizer.
Sure! Chole Grace Moretz starred in The Erskin and The Pillars of the Earth.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that it is also a psychological thriller and was released in 2010.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Ma Long is an American professional table tennis player from China. Are you a fan?
Yep, he's from China. Are you a fan?
Yup, it does. He starred in it as well. Have you seen it?
He wrote The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, and the Adventures of Tom Sawyer. Do you like those kinds of books?
Yes, he also wrote The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, and the Adventures of Tom Sawyer. They are both great books.
Mark Twain also wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
Yes, he wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, and The Time Machine. He is also a teacher.
Enjoy
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen, she also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
Pride and Prejudice, Sense and Sensibility, Sense and Sensibility
Persuasion is a romance novel.
The Hunt for Red October is written by Tom Clancy and has genre Crime. Would you like to know more?
It was released in 2011. It was also released in the same year.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help with?
Ben Stiller wrote Zookeeper which starred Ben Stiller. It is a crime fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he did. If you like Owen Wilson, you might also like The Lincoln Lawyer or The Edge.
Yes, he did. Ben Stiller also starred in that movie. If you like Owen Wilson, I highly recommend The Royal Tenenbaums.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I like the song Xavier and Crossroads. What is your favorite song of hers?
I didn't know that. I know she is friends with Justin Timberlake, who is a rapper.
Yes, that's interesting. I haven't seen any of them before, I know that Britney Spears, isn't one of my favorites.
The Terminal is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
It's a drama that was released in 2012 and written by Liisa Garner. Do you like dramas?
Yes, The Terminal is a comedy-drama movie starring Tom Hanks. You can't go wrong with that.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Sure, he starred in Tom Horn, The War of the Worlds, and The War of the Worlds.
It was released in 2014. Are you a fan of satire?
The Towering Inferno was starring Kate Beckinsale and Ridley Scott. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Heart of Darkness was written by Joseph Coonrad and has genres Novella and Fiction. Do you like these genres?
George R. R. Martin is the author of that book.
The Very Hungry Caterpillar is a picture book like The Very Hungry Caterpillar
Are you interested in the genre of parody or other movies by John Clees?
It was released in 1900. Have you read the whole series?
It was written by William Golding.
Yes you are correct Adventure Genre
Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory is written by Hel Silverstein
Yes, I know he is a player in the Argentina national football team. Do you like him?
Yes, it does. One of my favorite players is Wilt Chamberlain. Have you seen it?
Yes, Louis van Gaal wrote and starred in the movie The Matrix Revolutions. Have you seen it?
Yes, he is. Tom Hanks starred in the movie. Did you know he also starred in Larry Crowne?
Yes, he was in Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back, The Empire Strikes Back, and Aliens.
I'll add it to your queue.
He directed The Perks of Being a Wallflower. Have you seen that?
Stephen Chbosky was in it. Did you know it was written by Stephen Chbosky?
Yes she was. She was also in The Perks of Being a Wallflower.
Yes, he also directed The Perks of Being a Wallflower.
No problem.
Yes it is written by Anne Rice
Tom Cruise starred in Vanilla Sky and The Last Samurai.
Andres Iniesta was written by Andres Iniesta.
Is that the team owned by Magic Johnson and Frank McCourt?
I have not heard of that. Are they a goof team?
Yes. The Giants played in the 2010 World Series.
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about the Giants do you like?
The Devil Wears Prada stars Anne Hathaway. Are you a fan of Anne Hathaway movies?
Aline Brosh McKenna also wrote The Dark Knight, which is a comedy.
Hope you enjoy it!
Sure, he starred in Treasure Planet, The Three Lives of Thomasina and The Phantom
Yes, Martin Short was also in Treasure Planet. He was also in Three Cups of Tea. Are you a fan of his?
The Legend of Zorro is a Romance, Romance and Historical period drama. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Sure, William Friedkin directed The Hunted, The French Collection, and The Exorcist just to name a few.
It is a Romance. Would you like other recommendations by him?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that William Friedkin starred in a thriller called Shark Night.
Sure, I'll add it to your queue.
I do! She's a great author who wrote The Good Earth which was also a movie.
Yes, it is a Romance. Do you like romance movies?
No, it is in Black-White. Do you like romance movies?
I hope you enjoy it.
It's a great basketball movie, do you remember it?
I like football, football, and baseball. What about your favorite sport?
I love tennis, do you have a favorite sport?
There are several directors who are similar to Jonathan Dayton. Are you a fan of his?
He also directed Apocalypse Now.
Little Miss Sunshine starred Charlize Theron, Jason Bateman, and Lorraine Toussaint.
Alan Arkin also starred in The Mists of Avalon and The Green Mile.
She is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
She is #10 on the WTA tour, but I don't have a current ranking.
You are welcome, I hope you enjoy the sport.
He was a Journalist and wrote a Biography. Do you like Biography books?
Sure! Ralph Steadman starred in The Wildest Dream. Have you seen it?
He also wrote Tom's Midnight in Las Vegas, have you read that?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
Yes, Ella Enchanted is written by Gail Carson Levine and is also a Speculative fiction.
Yes, she also wrote Fairest and The Two Princesses of Bamarre
Yes it is, have you read The Looking Glass Wars?
The Two Princesses of Bamarre was also released in 2001, have you read that?
The Denver Broncos are a pretty good team. I like their coach John Fox. Are you a fan?
I remember he was a quarterback for the Denver Broncos
Yes, he also plays for the Denver Broncos
He is a football player. He plays forward position. Do you like soccer?
He plays for the Argentina national football team.
Well, I'm not a huge soccer fan so I don't really know anything about soccer. He's quite strong as well.
Are you a fan of Jeff Kinney? Jeff Kinney also wrote The Long Haul.
Yes, it is a romantic comedy. If you like romantic comedies you should check it out.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Apocalypto is written by Joseph Conrad and is a suspense/mystery movie. Are you into that genre?
I don't have that information but I can tell you he wrote The Passion of Christ which is a historical period drama. He also wrote Apocalypto.
Sure! The Passion of the Christ is a historical period drama film that also stars Abraham Lincoln and Gwyneth Paltrow.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Divergent is in the genres Science Fiction and Dystopia. Do you like those genres?
Veronica Roth also wrote Insurgent and Free Four: Tobias tells the Divergent Story
You are welcome.
Yes, it was written by Veronica and released in 2010.
Yes, it was written by Cecelia Ahern and released in 2003. It is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance Novels?
Yea, she also wrote Where Rainbows End. Have you read it?
It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
The Golden Compass is great. Is there anything else you want to know about it?
Philip Pullman wrote the movie and it was released in 2001. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
He directed Cutthroat Island, starring Frank langella, and The Long Kiss Goodnight
Yes, Shane Black also wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that he directed The Long Kiss Goodnight.
You are welcome.
Yes she composed Titanium. Are you a fan of her music?
I like Shakira more saxophone. Do you have a favorite song of hers?
Did you know Ricky Martin was in the movie The Color Purple that starred Tom Hanks?
Me Before You was written by Jojo Moyes. Do you like the author Jojo Moyes?
Me Before You was written by Quentin Tarantino.
I do not know who starred in it, but I do know that it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I do! She's a tennis player. Do you like her?
I agree. I love Venus Williams. Did you know she has a sister named Serena Williams?
Yes, they do have a lot of talent in one family.
I think Mike Woodson is a great player, but I'm a fan of them. Do you like them?
Yeah, he also plays for the Brooklyn Nets.
I didn't know he was in that movie as well!
Yes, he is an athlete, he plays Wales. Are you a fan?
Not really, I am more of a football fan. What about you do you like to watch?
It is a great movie. I hope you enjoy it!
He wrote The Water is Wide, The Prince of Tides and The Lords of Discipline.
The Water is Wide has genre Historical fiction
He also wrote The Water is Wide
Is there anything else I can help you with
The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. Do you like Young adult fiction?
Yes, it was written by Quentin Tarantino. Are you a fan of his?
It's considered a horror. Do you like that kind of book?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it is written by Sergio Leone who also wrote The Good, The Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
Once Upon a Time in the West was written by Sergio Leone who also wrote The Good, The Bad and the Ugly.
Well it was written by Sergio Leone, who also wrote a classic called Once Upon a Time in America.
It was written by Cassandra Clare and starred Seu Jorge. It is a war film. Do you like war films?
Well, City of God is starring Alice Braga and Alexandre Rodrigues, which also stars Alice Braga.
The Manchurian Candidate was written by Jane Austen and released in 1960. It is starring Scarlett Johansson.
Yes, the Manchurian Candidate was written by Richard Condon and released in 2004.
Is it the Zombie genre that interests you or the actors, such as Leonardo De Capris and Tom Hardy?
Yes he is a composer/DJ. Some of his work is Where Have You Been and Yeah x3. Do you like him?
Yes, he is a DJ right?
I think Andy Murray is a great athlete but not a big fan of his. Are you a Andy Murray fan?
I like tennis. I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer. What is your favorite sport?
I think she's a great tennis player. I think he lost to Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal in the match.
Sure. She wrote One with You and One with You. She is a talented author. Have you read either of those?
It is a non-fiction book.
You're welcome
Similar to Rob Riggle, he starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys.
I don't know what type of songs she sing. Is she a singer?
Did you know that she's friends with Taylor Swift? She's also from the UK.
Sia Furler is a great singer, and I also like his song Count Dracula. Have you heard of it?
She did, and she also wrote Titanium. I'm pretty sure you have heard of it!
Yes he is a cricket player from Dehli. Are you a fan of cricket?
What sport do you like?
Yes, she starred in Remember the Titans.
Absolutely! He starred in Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow. Have you seen those?
Yes, Bill Paxton also starred in Compliance as well, which is a thriller.
Yes, that's one of my favorites! Kevin Costner actually starred in it as well, which is a comedy/mystery movie.
Yes, that's correct! 1989 was a great year for movies.
Sure! Do you like Fantasy or Adventure movies?
The Hobbitt: An Unexpected Journey is a great book, but a movie you might like is The Goldfinch.
It was released in 2006 and directed by Matt Damon. Do you like war movies?
Yes, he is. Kevin Zegers also starred in Zoom.
You're welcome.
Can You Keep a Secret? was released in 2003 by Sophie Kinsella, and was released in 2003. Would you like to know more?
Sophie Kinsella also wrote Wedding Night and Twenties Girl
Some other dramas you may like are Zombieland and The Undomestic Goddess
It's a good one. Enjoy!
You're welcome! Have a great day!
I don't know a whole lot, I know he plays cricket. But that's about it, I don't watch much.
I'm not a fan, but I do know he plays on the India national cricket team.
I like Cricket, but I'm more of a baseball fan. What's your favorite team?
Sure, did you like Sharp Objects because it was written by Gillian Flynn, or because it was the genre Suspense/Mystery?
She has also written the novels Gone Girl, The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner, and Wild Places.
I am not sure if it is a new book, but What Do You Do is in the Suspense genre?
Sure. Dominic Copper starred in Warcraft and The History Boys.
Yes, it is a musical theater. Do you like musicals?
Jason Statham also starred in Warcraft. Are you familiar with his work?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Anne-Marie is a singer. Is that who you mean?
The Chicago Cubs are an American professional baseball team based in Chicago, Illinois
Yes, I do. I love the Giants, but my favorite team is the San Francisco Giants. They're my favorite team.
It's been awhile, but I've never been to a game so I'd love to. It would be nice.
That's great. Who's your favorite team?
It was released in 1980.
Yes, Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Wayside School is Falling Down. Do either of those interest you?
It was released in 1989 which is the same year that Wayside School was released, have you heard of it?
It is considered children's literature, so I would say it is more of a children's literature?
Yes Phil Mickelson is, he won the 2010 Masters Tournament, he was also in the 2010 Masters Tournament, did you know Phil won the 2010 Masters Tournament?
Yes he does, he is a great golfer. Do you like golf?
Yes, I also like dramas. Would you like to know more about Phil Mickelson?
Weeds is a great movie, if you haven't seen Weeds.
He wrote The War of the Worlds, The Time Machine, and The Invisible Man
I'm not sure of the exact year but he did write The War of the Worlds and The War of the Worlds.
Yes I love Caddyshack! It is a great movie. If you like movies, you might also like The War of the Worlds. Have you seen that?
Enjoy!
A Space Odyssey stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Jonah Hill. Do you like any of these actors?
He plays basketball right? I'm more of a basketball fan.
Yes, that is a great question, yes, I believe he is a great guard as well.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I am not a fan of the Yankees. They are in the American League which is my favorite team!
The Yankees play in the American League in the American Football Conference. The Yankees haven't won a championship since 1980's.
Yes, the Yankees play in the American League East and are owned by Bill Bidwill. The team is part of the American League East.
Psycho is written by Christopher Nolan. He also wrote To Rome with Love.
Matt Damon and Josh Brolin starred in Psycho, did you know that?
I am not sure but I know he directed it. Have you seen it?
They are one of the best football teams, did you know their coach is Ryan Giggs?
What is your favorite businessperson?
Do you know if he starred in anything else, or did he also play for the Saints
Do you like Rocky because it is written by Sylvester Stallone or because it is a comedy?
He starred in The Princess and the Frog. Have you seen that one?
Creed is a romantic comedy movie, it stars Penelope Cruz and Jason Statham, are you familiar with this actor?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Michael Crichton wrote a book called Disclosure that was turned into a movie.
The Lost World was released in 2015. It's genre is fiction.
You're welcome!
It's a great movie he was in. It's a biographical film starring Ridley Scott. Have you seen it?
Nicole Kidman, Emma Stone, and a lot of others
He was also in The Green Hornet. Have you seen this movie?
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen and it's a Romance Novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, Jane Austen also wrote Sense and Sensibility, and Pride and Prejudice.
Sure! Similar books in that genre include Xenocide, Pride and Prejudice, and Apocalypto.
The Time Machine was written by H.G. Wells, who also wrote War of the Worlds.
He directed Jurassic Park. Have you seen it?
It is considered a fantasy, adventure film. Do you like that genre?
Another science fiction movie is Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Great actor, he starred in Things Behind the Sun and The Wild Life. Have you watch them
Yes, I think that is true. She also starred in The Mists of Avalon which is a good film.
Yes, it is considered a drama and a comedy.
That's true, I haven't seen Benjamin Button yet, but I've heard a lot about him. I've heard he's a great actor.
They are ok. Didn't they lose Super Bowl XLVII?
I am not sure, but Jason Garrett was coached the Dallas Cowboys.
The Dallas Cowboys are owned by Jerry Jones. He also played at AT&T Stadium.
He directed a great movie, The Return of a Man Called Horse, and The Last Temptation of Christ. Have you seen any of those?
It also stars Xander Berkeley and Historian. Are you interested in either of those actors?
It's a 007 movie with Sean Connery. Would you like to know more about it?
Gillian Flynn. She's from Washington.
Gillian Flynn also wrote The Mists of Avalon which is a thriller. Does that interest you?
Yes, Gillian Flynn also wrote Dark Places and Dark Places.
Yes, I do, he wrote The Tragedy of Othello, The Moor of Venice and The Lowland.
Yes, I like it. I also like War of the Worlds.
Great, hope you enjoy the book
I know he plays cricket, but I haven't ever really watched it before.
I don't know much about him. Is he a cricket player?
I agree! He's one of the best cricket players in the world!
I haven't, but I've been a fan since I've been to a game live, but I haven't been to a real game yet. I've been to a real game and don't really know much about it. Do you?
I'm actually more of an American Football fan. What would you like to know about it?
You're welcome.
Yes, they are a basketball team in the Western Conference. Are you a fan of them?
Looper is a drama. It also stars Bruce Willis. Do you like his movies?
Yes, Warlock also stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Steve Buscemi. Have you seen it?
Yes it is. Another movie you might like is Zombieland. Have you seen that one?
Anything else I can help you with?
The Great Gatsby is a novel and The Chosen and The Affair are similar.
Have you tried The Curious Case of Benjamin Button or The Great Gatsby?
Erich Maria Remarque wrote Im Westen nichts Neues and Drei Kameraden, among others.
I'm not sure of when they came out, but Arc de Triomphe was influenced by Erich Maria Remarque, who also wrote A Time to Love and a Time to Love.
Yes, it does have a English version. Would you like to buy it?
My pleasure. Glad I could help.
Not a big fan, I do know that Caroline Wozniacki is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
She plays tennis, right? It's kind of like Venus Williams.
Yes, she's a great tennis player as well. Both Venus and her sister Serena are great players as well.
Yes, I love it. I'm also a fan of Serena Williams.
I agree. I love fashion. Have you ever seen the movie Dreamworks? It is a great movie
Yes, it is a classic movie, did you know it was written by Tennessee Williams?
Do you have a role in that movie?
He also wrote Cat on a Hot Tin Roof
You are welcome
In the Woods was written by Tana French. She also wrote To Build a Fire.
In the Woods is a novel in the mystery genre as well as romance and children's literature.
You're welcome.
He wrote Three Cups of Tea.
He has been in many films including War of the Worlds, Thirteen Ghosts, and The Usual Suspects.
It appears that David Ayer acted in most of the actors are Tim Robbins and Cicely Tyson
He has starred in Harsh Times, The Prestige, The Firm, and The Prestige.
No problem!
I haven't heard much from them lately. Is they a football team?
The Vikings are 2nd in the NFC North, I believe Drew Brees is another player, but I don't have a favorite player
I like the New England Patriots, but I think the Saints are doing well this season.
He wrote The Social Network, which stars Andrew Garfield. Are you interested in either of those actors?
Tom Everett starred in The Social Network. Would you like to know more about it
It is considered a historical period drama and a biography.
I'm sorry I don't have that information. But I can tell you it was directed by Andrew Garfield.
2010 is the genre for The Social Network.
2010 is a sequel to The Social Network, and The Other Boleyn Girl
You're welcome!
Sure Ang Lee starred in Hollywood Chinese with Wayne Wang and Directed The Ice Storm starring Tobey Maguire.
Did you know Tobey Maguire starred in The Assassination of Jesse James? It is a historical drama.
Tobey Maguire also wrote The Crazies, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It is a young-adult fiction book written by Christopher Paolini, have you read it?
I'm not sure but Inheritance Cycle is a young-adult fiction novel, but Inheritance Cycle is also a young-adult fiction novel
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy!
Throne of Glass was written by Sarah J Maas and released in 2012. If you like Throne of Glass, you might also like The Assassin and the Desert.
It was released in 2014. Did you like that book because it was a thriller?
Oh, I'll add that one to your reading list!
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion.
I'm not sure but I can tell you that it was released in 1817.
Oh, if you like Jane Austen, I think you'll really enjoy Mansfield Park.
I know she plays professional badminton. I don't follow badminton, do you like this sport?
I'm not sure, but I do know she plays Midfielder
I'm not sure where the team is playing. I do know that the team is coached by Catalyst, but I do know that the team is coached by him.
It was a self help book written by Malcolm Gladwell, would you like to know more about this author?
Martin McDonagh directed Seven Psychopaths
Yes, he is a scientist, and a scientist. Do you like science fiction?
Yes he did and he directed The Rocky Horror Picture Show. Do you like Horror films?
Robin starred in Mrs. Doubtfire. Have you seen it?
Have you seen The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo? It is also a good family movie.
We Bought A Zoo stars Cameron Diaz, Jason Bateman, and Cameron Diaz.
I'll add it to your watchlist now.
If you are into the social and science fiction genres, you might also enjoy The Road to El Dorado or The Escapist.
The Iliad is not the same type of Fantasy genre, but there are other works by this author if you're interested.
Yes it's a classic, I'm not sure of it's genre.
Are you a fan of the Seattle Seahawks? If I had a favorite team I'd love to.
That's right! That's funny. Who's your favorite team?
I believe they played it, but I haven't been following them too much this year.
Proposal is written by Sandra Bullock and stars Sandra Bullock and Sandra Bullock.
She is an American screenwriter who wrote The Proposal and starred in Falling Angels. Do you like the movie?
Sure, I'd recommend Oceans 8, The Blind Side or Gravity just to name a few
Have you read The Sum of All Fears or The Hunt for Red October?
It is indeed. Alive was released in 2008. It's also a fantasy novel.
Yes it is! Do you want me to add it to your list?
They're coached by Mike Woodson. Do you like them?
The team is owned by Woodson, and is owned by Woodson
No,I don't have that information
You're welcome
In Bruges was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Tom Hardy, Jeff Bridges and Anthony Minghella
I can tell you that he also starred in Minority Report, which is not in the same genre. Have you seen it?
If you liked Colin Farrell in Seven Psychopaths, you should check it out. He also starred in Minority Report, which is an action film.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
The Denver Broncos are coached by Mike Zimmer and a part of the National Football League. Are you a fan?
John Fox, Jim Caldwell, and Jim Caldwell
Yes, it is written by Gary Scott Thompson and stars Paul Walker. Are you a fan of them?
No, I haven't seen it. What is it about?
Yes, I heard he was also in Matt Damon. I haven't seen it yet.
ok
Have you seen the whole series? Do you like Sci-Fi?
I am not sure if it is based, but I know it was written by Lois Lowry
I'll have to check it out!
You're welcome!
Yes, Jordan Spieth American professional golfer. Do you like golf?
Yeah, he's a great golfer. Is he a good player?
Yep, he's quite the same. I don't know much about it, but I do know that Jordan Spieth used to play for the Houston Rockets.
Yes, I am. She wrote I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings which is a classic. Have you read it?
Yes, she also wrote Poets and Other Stories, which are also great reads.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But I do know it was written by Edmund Morris.
Of course, I'll add them to your reading list.
I don't know too much about him but he wrote она и мир.
James Franco is a great actor. His most well-known role is probably from Spiderman with Toby McGuire. Have you seen that?
This is the End stars Seth Rogen and James Franco. Are you a fan of either of them?
It is considered a comedy-drama.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
He plays midfielder and forward. Do you watch soccer?
Oh, what's your favorite team? I don't know much about football, what's your favorite team?
Yes that's a great movie! It's a comedy horror movie!
Doctor Zhivago also stars Kyla Pratt and Dustin Milligan
It was written by Rick Riordan and is a young adult fiction book.
Yes he did it was also written by Rick Riordan and was released in 1999
It is a great one, would you like me to add it to your list?
She wrote Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society
She also wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie
Mary Ann Shaffer wrote The Guernsey Literary realism
I do! He starred in Imagine That. Have you seen it?
Ray Bradbury wrote The Martian Chronicles, The Illustrated Man, and The Illustrated Man.
I would recommend Fahrenheit 451, another great romance novel is Fahrenheit 451
It was released in 1988, have you read it?
No problem, hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much other than he plays for FC Barcelona, right?
No, I haven't. Isn't he a golf player?
I love Adam Sandler in that movie. Did you know Adam Sandler was in that movie?
Oh he's also in that movie, but I haven't seen that one.
Yes, she was. Frida was a great actress. She was also in The Wedding Date, I highly recommend that movie.
He starred in What Lies Beneath that was written by Morton
Beneath was also in Shark Night, have you seen this movie?
Total Recall is a great movie. Did you know it also starred George Clooney?
Enjoy the movie!
Yes, Saina Nehwal is a famous badminton player from India. Are you a fan of this sport?
Yes, he was also in the Olympics with Tom Hanks.
Yes, he is from State of the Union.
Thor was written by Natalie Portman and stars Scarlett Johansson. Do you like her movies?
Yes, Iron Man is a great movie starring Robert Downey Jr, and Kevin Costner. Anything else I can help you with?
Robert Downey Jr. also starred in The Avengers. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Then I would highly recommend The Avengers: Age of Ultron.
He is a writter starred in The Butterfly Effect starring William Lee Scott.
Yes, some other thrillers include Shark Night, Zodiac, xXx and xXx
I dont have information about the Butterfly Effect, but there are some other thrillers you may want to check out.
Yes, William Scott also wrote The Ground Beneath Her Feet. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, October Sky is a Thriller film about a mysterious assassin dealing with the accusation that his 14-year-old son is a murderer, he is a very talented man who is trying to bring his sights on his inner inner journey to a small town and finds himself caught up in his own way.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, she has a great voice. Did you know she starred in a movie called Crossroads?
Kevin Costner was in Pauly Shore is Dead. Do you like comedies?
It was a great movie, you should check it out
300 is directed by him. Are you interested in his movies?
It's a psychological thriller starring Frank Miller.
Gerard Butler starred in it. If you like his work, you should check it out.
300 stars Gerard Butler and Michael Fassbender.
Yes! Kill Bill: Vol. 1 is a classic Kill Bill: Vol. 1 with a lot of Thrillers. Do you like that genre?
Vivica A. Fox and David Carradine starred in it. Do you like Kill Bill?
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion, which was released 1817
Yes, Persuasion is influenced by Jane Austen and was released in 1817.
Yes, he also wrote Persuasion and he also wrote Mansfield Park.
It is written by Cassandra Clare and a young-adult fiction. It is young adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
No, she also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex. Have you read that?
I'm not sure of the genre, but I believe it is fiction.
Tom Cruise was in Mission Impossible - Rogue Nation so if you like him.
Yes he was Days of Thunder also starred Tom Cruise. Would you like more information about him?
You might enjoy Days of Thunder starring Tom Cruise. Tom Cruise starred in that one as well.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
They were runner ups to the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Not really, but Brett Favre is a great coach. I like the Dallas Cowboys though. How about you?
Yeah, I'm more of a football fan. What's your favorite team?
The book was written by Jodi Picoult, who also wrote The Plain Truth.
There's Smoke is a sequel to My Sister's Keeper.
Yes, I do. Anything else I can help you with?
I do! He's a great player. Did you know he was born in Dortmund?
I agree, it is definitely a fun sport to watch. The team is coached by Louis van Gaal. You or the team?
I am going to check it out. Did you know he also plays or played?
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing. It was good. Have you read it?
The Sweet Far Thing is speculative fiction and The Diviners is in the genre of fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
The Sweet Far Thing has genre fantasy and is also part of a series. Would you like to hear other books in that genre?
Yes Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
No, but Milan Kundera is from the Czech Republic. He is also a writer and playwright.
Some other writings are Therese Raquin, Angela's Ashes, and The Other Boleyn Girl.
I do! He's a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
I'm not sure, but I do know that Drew Brees plays for the Saints. Do you watch them?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, Michelle Wie is a female golf athlete from Honolulu.
Yes, Micheal Wie is a female golfer from Honolulu.
That's interesting. Can you tell me who won the Women's Tennis Team?
Yes, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Are you interested in any of those movies?
It was written by Terry Pratchett and Judy Greer. It was released in 1999.
Yes, it was released in 1999.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
I do! Did you know he starred in Friends with Benefits?
I didn't know that! Do you know he was also a musician?
I'm not sure, but he was married to a woman named La La.
Yes, do you like it because it's a comedy or a crime fiction?
The Golden Compass is a good fantasy movie. Have you seen it yet?
If you liked Treasure Planet, you might also like The Time Traveler's Wife. It's also Fantasy.
She wrote The Ship of Brides and also The Last Letter From Your Lover.
It's considered a Romance and Historical Novel.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the series The Oz Books, would you like to know other books in the series?
I have not, but would you like to know more about the book?
I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
I agree! He's one of my favorite tennis players.
I like Venus williams
I think Marat Safin is a good tennis player too!
You're welcome!
Sure! He wrote The Memoir of Sherlock Holmes, The Complete Sherlock Holmes, and The Return of Sherlock Holmes.
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was released in 1895. It's the same year that The Heart of Darkness was released.
Happy to help!
Well, Philip Pullman wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke. Do either of those interest you?
Have you read The Golden Compass or The Ruby in the Smoke?
Sure, I hope you enjoy it.
It is written by Veronica Roth and is considered young adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
She also wrote Insurgent and Free Four: Tobias Tells the Divergent Story
Free Four: Tobias Tells the Divergent Story is a dystopian young-adult fiction and was released in 2012.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I do. Did you know he is a composer and a musician?
Stuck on You is a good one. Do you like country music?
She starred in the movie A Thousand Years. Have you ever heard of it?
Are you a fan of Thor because it stars Chris Hemsworth?
Another great movie he starred in is The Tree of Life. Have you seen that one yet?
You're welcome!
Sure! Jodi Picoult wrote The Tenth Circle, The Pact and The Pact. Have you read any of those ?
The book Where There's Smoke was released in 2012. It was also made into a movie starring Alan Rickman. Have you seen that?
Where There's Smoke is a fictional novel. Do you like fictional books?
He is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Real Madrid and Fluminense FC.
Yes I do like Premier League. Who is your favorite player?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Which is your favorite team?
I do not like Cleveland, but i know some of the players. Are you a fan of theirs?
I'm a huge fan of Jake Allen. Did you know he won the NFL All-Rookie Team?
I didn't know that, I'm not a big fan of the Browns. Did he win the Superbowl last year?
He directed Witness and The Truman Show. Have you seen either of those?
Yes he did and Peter Weir also directed Witness. He also directed Witness.
Yes, she's a good actress. She starred in Princess Protection Program and Spring Breakers
I like her too, have you ever seen her movie Spring Breakers
Of course! Number the Stars is a young adult fiction book. Would you like to hear more about this book?
Yes, Lois Lowry also wrote; Anastasia Krupnik and The Giver. Would you like to know more about this book?
Yes it is. Xenocide is also considered a Speculative fiction and was written by Orson Scott Card.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome.
Yes. Rosemary Wells wrote Charlotte's Web, the Children's Literature. She's a screenwriter as well.
It was. Charlotte's Web was released in 2014. I think you'll like it.
You are welcome!
Bradly Cooper starred in Warcraft and The Pacifier. Would you like more information on one of them?
Some other good ones are Zero Dark Thirty, Apocalypse Now and True Lies
Sure, Submarine is a historical period drama. Do you like movies in those genres?
He was in Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back and Return of the Jedi.
You are welcome!
Sure. One Story is written by Douglas Adams. Have you read The Restaurant at the End of the Universe?
I highly recommend The Restaurant at the End of the Universe if you haven't already.
Yes, The Restaurant at the End of the Universe was released in 1995. It's a very popular book, have you read it?
Yes, the Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul is a historical novel by Adams. Would you like to hear more about this author?
You're very welcome!
I have not heard much about BTS, are they a pop artist?
I haven't heard of them but I've heard very little about them. Do they have a favorite genre?
I like them, but I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
The Baltimore Ravens are a pretty good football team. Do you like Football?
Yes, he was also a linebacker. Are you a fan of the Ravens?
I do, I like college football and don't follow most sports, but I do like to watch college more. Do you have a favorite sport?
Do you like Sci-Fi or Thrillers?
Other science fiction movies you may like are Zombieland, The Man from U.N.C., and World War Z.
You are welcome, enjoy!
L.A. Confidential starred Scarlett Johansson and Josh Brolin. Are you a fan of this actors?
The Matrix is similar to L.A. Confidential. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
Taxi Driver is an action thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like thrillers?
It is also a comedy and a comedy, do you like that genre?
Yes, that is a great drama movie with Denzel washington and Kathryn Bigelow
You are very welcome! I hope you enjoy them.
He starred in Unlawful Entry and The Vatican Tapes
Yes that's correct. Did you know he also starred in The Princess and the Frog.
She also starred in Shooting the Past, have you seen this one yet?
The Pianist is a romantic comedy The Longest Ride starring Jim Carrey
Enjoy!
Yes, I am a tennis fan. I love watching Serena Williams play. Do you like tennis?
No, I did not. Is that a comedy?
American Gangster also starred Serena Williams and Clint Eastwood.
I am not sure if Serena lives in Palm Beach. Who is starring in that?
He directed the movie The Illusionist. Were you aware that it was written by him?
It's a crime fiction. Do you like those kinds of movies?
You may want to check out Without a Trace. It's written by Stephenie Meyer.
You're welcome!
Yes, John Green wrote it. He also wrote Paper Towns. You might like that one as well.
Have you read Welcome to Temptation or Water for Elephants?
It was written by C.S. Lewis. It's a great choice for you.
Yes, I can.
Sure, another book like Silence would be Broken Silence.
Broken Silence was released in 2004. It's also written by Natasha Preston as well.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! Did you like Pandemonium because it was written by Lauren Oliver or because it is speculative fiction genre?
Pandemonium was written by Dan Brown and is in the genre of speculative fiction. Would you like to hear more titles in that genre?
It was written by Ann Brashares. Would you like to read it?
You're welcome. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I love her music. Did you know she starred in Who's That Girl and Swept away?
Yes it was Vanilla Ice released in 2011. It's been awhile to see her relationship.
You're right, he's a disc jockey.
She did a great job in Miracle at Speedy Motors, too!
That is correct. Anything else I can help you with?
Sure! That was written by Joel Coen, who also wrote The Big Lebowski which is a good read.
Yes, I do. It was released in 2010.
You're welcome.
It is written by Henning Koch and Fredrik Backman
It is in English. Would you like to know more about it?
Henning Koch also wrote Britt-Marie var här , and it was released in 2014.
Sure, he wrote You've Been Warned, Worst Case, and You've Been Warned among others.
He did write Zoo also. It's a crime fiction as well.
You're welcome!
Do you like Forrest Gump because it stars Tom Hanks?
Tom Hanks also starred in Larry Crowne. That movie is a romantic comedy.
It was directed by Tom Hanks. He also directed Larry Crowne. Have you seen that movie?
You're welcome!
Sure! He directed a lot of great movies including Requiem for a Dream, The Wrestler, and The Fountain. Have you seen any of those?
It is a drama/romance and was released in 1999
Requiem of a Dreams was also written by Darren Aronofsky and was a comedy as well
Francis Ford Coppola directed The Godfather, Apocalypse Now. Did you see that one?
Sure, some of the actors in Apocalypse Now are Billy Crystal and William Broyles, among others
I'm sorry, I don't have the genre information for that, but I can tell you that it is a romantic comedy.
Mr and Mrs. Smith is written by Simon Kinberg and stars Vince Vaughn. You might like The Lord of the Rings
It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Of course, if you like thrillers, you might also enjoy Shark Night.
You are most welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
Are you referring to Hayley Atwell who wrote The Pillars of the Earth?
Eddie Redmayne also starred in The Wedding Date. Have you seen that movie?
It's considered a Romance. Do you like Romance?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
The Baltimore Ravens are a pretty good team. Do you like them?
Do you have a favorite football team?
Beatty is a great coach. Did you know that he's married to Gisele?
Mad Max Fury starred Charlize Theron and Tom Hardy. Would you like to know more?
Yes, he did and it also has a genre of Fantasy and Action. Do you like either of those genres?
Yes, he is also an actor from Justice league and starred in The Brave One.
I'm not sure, but Nicky Katt starred in The Brave One and it is a psychological thriller, do you like that type of movie?
You're welcome.
E Lockhart wrote The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks, and The City and the Stars. Would you like to try one of those?
It was released in 1929.
The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks is similar.
You're very welcome!
Do you like it because it is a Pounds because it is a drama?
Sure! Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Yes it does. Unknown is also a film.
It sure is! Leonard Goldberg also produced a film called The Rum Diary. It's a historical drama.
Great, I'll add it to your library now.
Yes, he is an athlete, he plays Wales. Are you a fan?
I believe he's a midfielder.
Yes, he's from Wales from the Cardiff region
Yes, she is a singer-songwriter, record producer and lyracist.
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I'm sorry, I don't really know anything about her. I'm sorry.
Yes, it was written by J.K. Rowling, do you like that author?
I have not, but I know it was written by Anthony Hope, and is considered one of my favorite thrillers.
Yes, I do. Anthony Hopkins starred in The Silence of the Lambs. Did you know that it was also a psychological thriller?
Emily Griffin is an American professional basketball player who won NBA Rookie of the Year Award in 2010
It was released in 2012 and written in English.
Yes, it is a movie. Emily Griffin also starred in it, and it was released in 1996.
You're welcome.
Kazuo Ishiguro wrote Never let me go. Have you read it?
That's a good one. It was released in 2011. He also wrote Night of Your Life.
Yes, Zoe's Tale is a Speculative fiction.
You are welcome!
He played on Poland's national football team. He was a forward. Do you like football?
He plays the Midfielder
Mr. Lewandowski is born in Warsaw
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren. what else can i answer for you?
It is considered a historical fiction and was released in 2011.
Yes, I hope you enjoy it.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Did you like X-men because it starred Hugh Jackman or because it was a sci-fi movie?
If you haven't seen that, I would definitely recommend Action. Have you seen it?
The second one is Infinite Jest. It's a sci-fi action movie.
I did not know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, Gone Girl was written by Gillian Flynn, who also wrote What Do You Do
It was released in 2010 and is a thriller. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Have you watched Zathura: A Space Adventure, A Dog of Flanders ? They are adventure movies.
It was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote The White Oleander. It was released in 2001.
It is a Fiction/ Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Sure! It was written by Tony Gilroy and genre is Speculative fiction.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
Yes, he did have a podcast is a really good one. I would suggest it.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Sure! Doug Liam starred in Fair Game and The Bourne Identity. Have you seen either of those?
Fair Game is a drama
The Chemist is a great one you might like
It stars Sean Penn and is a great movie
He directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, and Amadeus. Would you like to see something he was in?
Yes, he also wrote Amadeus, have you read that?
I'll add that now. Anything else I can help you with?
C.S. Lewis wrote it and released it in 1953. You may also like The Chronicles of Narnia if you like that author.
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader was released in 1926. It's a fantasy novel, so you'll like it.
The Silver Chair was released in 1953. It is part of the series, The Lion, The Witch, and The Wardrobe was published in 1950. It's a great book, as well as a TV series, so I think you'll like it.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I think he is an okay athlete. He plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders. Do you like him?
I don't know much about cricket, I'm more of a baseball fan. What is your favorite player?
No, I haven't. Is he a good athlete?
I love Adam Levine. Maroon 5 is one of my favorite bands.
I am not sure about him. I do know he is married to Monica, California. Do you like her?
One of his best movies is All About Tonight, and other is Up in the Air.
It was written by James Frey. Do you like speculative fiction?
Sure. He also wrote One More Day, The Sum of All Fears, and A Million Little Pieces.
You're welcome. Happy reading!
Great. Enjoy your book.
Sure, similar authors are Michael Crichton and Michael Crichton.
there is one Andrew Hunt wrote 'Tis: A Memoir'
It is a tragicomedy, do you like this genre?
No problem, enjoy!
I don't know much about him other than he plays German football. Are you a soccer fan?
I love American Football. I'm more of a football fan. What is your favorite sport?
I love basketball, what sports team do you like?
Sure, he wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest & he starred in Go Further.
Yes he is! He is also a writer. He wrote "Go Further".
I don't have any more information on Sometimes a Great Notion.
Of course! Is there anything else I can help you with?
He was born in Rio de Janeiro. Are you a fan of his?
He wrote The Merchant of Venice and The Alchemist. Have you read either of those?
It's fiction.
You're welcome. Anything else?
Yes, he's a great quarterback. Did you like him?
Yes, Bill Murray and Jason Statham also starred in it. It was a great movie.
Eva Mendes also starred in The Road to Little Dribbling and The Hook Ya Crook.
Yes it is! It is a great movie. It starred Leonardo De Capris and Morgan Freeman. Are you a fan of any of those actors?
Bradley Cooper was in American Sniper. He was also in American Sniperper. He was also in American Sniperper. Have you seen it?
It is a drama, but if you like comedy, it's worth a watch!
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. Martin Scorsese wrote The Wedding Date. Have you seen it?
Yes. Gangs of New York starring Robert De Niro is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Step Brothers is a great film. Have you seen it? It is also a great movie with Robert De Niro.
You might like The Wolverine, it is also a comedy. Have you seen it?
Sure. It's a comedy that stars Robert De Niro and was directed by David Fincher. Do you like comedy films?
It's an animation. Do you like animation films?
You're welcome. I'm happy to help.
Yes, Toy Story 2 is available. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he also wrote The Bell Jar and The Usual Suspects.
Yes, Larry Crowne was produced by Tom Hanks and produced it. Larry Crowne is a romantic comedy.
It is a Romance and Historical period drama. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes, it is a great comedy. I think you should give it a try, it is a great movie.
You're very welcome!
Do you like Star Wars, because it is a Star Wars movie?
Yes I do, actually. The Golden Compass starring Neeson is a good fantasy movie as well. Have you seen that one?
The Lord of the Rings was written by J.R.R. Tolkien, who also wrote Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the King
I hope you enjoy it!
I am not a huge football fan but I do know they are coached by Mike Pettine.
Yes, that's true. They had a good season this year. Who is your favorite team?
I like the Dallas Cowboys, they've been to a few times since they were runner-ups to Super Bowl XLVII though.
I am not a fan of the Red Sox, aren't they a pretty good baseball team?
Yes, it is. Have you been from Monmouth Beach?
Not as much as a fan of New Jersey. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I did not see that one, did you know that The Women of Brewster Place starred Tom Hanks?
John Seelye wrote The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, A Princess of Mars and some more. Are you interested in any of these?
Yes, he did. He also wrote The War of the Worlds.
You are very welcome, please let me know if you need anything else.
Did you like Divergent because it was written by Veronica Roth?
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a similar movie
You're welcome!
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
It starred Keanu Reeves, Robert Davi, and John Lennon to name a few.
Nicki Minaj is friends with a lot of celebrities like Taylor Swift and Selena Gomez.
Yes, do you know if she does anything else?
I'm not sure if she's a pop artist, but she also has some hip hop songs from that genre.
Yes, I do. It was written by the author Jhumpa Lahiri
Yes I do, Unaccustomed Earth is a great fiction. It is also classified as speculative fiction.
I do like thrillers. Do you have a favorite genre?
Dr. Seuss wrote The Lorax and The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss. Do you like the author because of the genre?
Theodore Lesieg also wrote The Great Gatsby and Other Stories
I do not have that information
Have you heard of White Fang or Welcome to Temptation?
Not a problem
The Kansas City Chiefs are a AFC West National Footbal league team. Are you a fan?
I like the New England Patriots, but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
Yes, Never Let Me Go was written by the same author and was released in the English Language. Are you a fan of either of those people?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that he is also a scientist.
Yes, he did. He also wrote a film called 'The Enchanted' which is a historical period drama.
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
Sure! Ruben Fleischer wrote Gangster Squad, a crime fiction, and Thir13en Ghosts to name a few.
It was released in 1999.
It is Crime Fiction
Your welcome
Luftslottet som sprängdes was written by Stieg Larsson and Reg Keeland
I'm not sure if that's the other two books he wrote, but he did write Luftslottet som sprängdes, have you read that one?
He also wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes, have you read that one?
He directed Yojimbo. Do you like indy art films?
Both Samurai and Akira Kurosawa starred in Yojimbo, have you seen it?
Yes, I would recommend Toshiro Mifune, he also directed Akira, a Japanese film.
Anytime, enjoy!
The Good, the Bad, the Weird is a great one similar to Oldboy.
Confessions starred Russell Crowe. what else can i answer for you?
Resurrection is a great one. Anything else i can answer for you?
you are welcome. anything else i can help you with?
They're OK. They're coached by Wayne Weaver and Shahid Khan, right?
I like a lot of different teams, but I also like the Dallas Cowboys and the San Diego Chargers.
That's great! I hope they have a good season this year.
I do, he starred in King's speech and The Wiz. Are you a fan of those?
Yes, I have it was a good movie starring Men in Black II, did you like it?
Yes, I've seen him in a couple of movies. He was also in The Princess and the Frog, The Lion King, and The Hobbit.
Did you like Scream because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
Great, one of my favorites is World War Z. Have you seen that one?
Brad Pitt was great in that film as well as Randy Quaid and Oprah Winfrey.
Yes, I do like them. The team is coached by John Farrell and Tom Werner. Do you like baseball?
Yes, I do. Are you a fan of the Baltimore Orioles?
Yes. It's been a while since they've been to a while. Are they having a good season?
He is best known for his movie Night Watch, and then he also wrote Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter
Sure, Night Watch is a romance/ action film produced by Brian Grisham and released in 1996.
Great, I'll add it to your list!
Yes. Bryan Singer directed The Usual Suspects, X-Men, X-Men 2 , Superman Returns and more. Are you interested in any of these movies?
Yes, he plays the X-men. Are you a fan of either of those actors?
Stephen Sommers wrote it. Stephen Sommers also wrote The Wolverine.
Douglas Adams was written by John Green, are you a fan of adventure books?
Yes, 1986 was the year that released The Wayside School is released
I'm sorry I don't have more information on that one, can I help you with anything else?
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, The Godfather, starring Al Pacino, was a drama and crime fiction movie. Would you like more movies in that genre?
Francis Ford Coppola wrote The Godfather, and Apocalypse Now. Would you like to check those out?
Marlon Brando is a great actor! Did you know that Marlon Brando starred in The Godfather II?
Great! Another great movie Marlon Brando is the Black Dahlia. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he also wrote The Godfather II, a great movie.
I'm glad I was able to help you!
The Green Bay Packers are a great football team in the NFL. Did you know Mike McCarthy is their coach?
Oh wow, I know Thorpe is an American athlete, and he was drafted to the New England Patriots, did you know that?
That's awesome! He's from Pittsburgh too! I'm sure he's a great business person! I'm a huge fan of a lot of sports.
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know they are doing well this season. Who's your favorite team?
It looks like they are doing well this season, I'm actually a Bears fan myself.
I like baseball, too. I'm a Padres fan.
Yes, this movie stars Zooey Deschanel
Yes, Pruitt Vince also starred in Beautiful Creatures, which also starred Zoey Deutch, and Annie Hall.
You Again was a Lie and it was produced by Terry Pratchett and stars Tom Hanks. It is a great romance film.
The Namesake is also written by Jhumpa Lahiri
Well, it's genre is more of a thriller, but I would say it's more of a thriller or suspense to be in that genre.
Xenocide is written by Orson Scott Card and has genre Speculative fiction.
Yes, I'll add it now. Enjoy!
Thomas F. Wilson starred in Zoom. Have you seen that?
Thomas F. Wilson also starred in The Pacifier, have you seen it?
Enjoy the movie!
Blake Shelton is a country singer, do you like country?
God Gave Me You has a genre of Country Pop, do you like country music?
I do not have that information, but I do know he has slipped my mind.
She wrote Pretty Little Liar the genre is Teen Drama, do you like teen drama?
Yes, it was actually turned into a TV series, but not sure about that. Are you a fan of dramas?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Pretty Little Liars was written by Sara Shepard if you'd like to watch that.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it.
I don't follow soccer, I believe they are coached by David Platt. Do you like them?
I am a Dallas Cowboys fan. Which is your favorite team?
Do you know if he had a good career?
They are coached by Mike Tomlin. Are you a fan of them?
I think Mike Tomlin is a great coach. I'm a fan of the Dallas Cowboys. Which team do you like?
Oh wow, I didn't know that! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes I do! He starred in The Storm and Thelma & Louise. Do you like those movies?
It was written by Sean Penn and starred Jenna Malone.
Certainly! I hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome!
Laura Esquivel wrote Como agua para chocolate and she is also a teacher.
It was also released in 1989
Yes she did and Mary Higgins Clark also wrote The Cold Moon.
You're welcome
The Memory Keeper's daughter was written by Kim Edwards and released in 2005. Do you like Kim Edwards books?
Sorry, I don't have that information. Can you tell me who wrote Memory Keeper's Daughter?
You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote Defending Jacob in 2012.
Yes it is. It's also a movie. Would you like me to recommend it?
It's a thriller. If you like Defending Jacob, it's interesting to you.
Agatha Christie wrote They Do It with Mirrors, have you heard of that one?
Moving Finger was released in 1847
You are welcome
Yes, Romeo and Juliet is written by William Shakespeare. Some of his most famous works include A Midsummer Night's Dream, The Winter's Tale, and A Midsummer Night's Dream
What You Will is considered a drama/romance and was released in 1599.
I hope you like it!
He directed The Imitation Game and Headhunters
Headhunters stars Benedict Cumberbatch as the headhunters
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! It was written by Khaled Hosseini and was released in 2012. Are you familiar with it?
Yes, he also wrote A Thousand Splendid Suns, and The Mountains Echoed.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I'm not sure where he's . I don't know much about him. What would you like to know?
Well from what I can tell he is also a director, he directed Whiplash and The Kite Runner
It's a romantic comedy about a man who lives in a deserted Pajamas.
Happy to help!
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
Yes she starred in Wonder Women 2017, also in Solider 1998
It's about a mentally challenged gentleman who gets plugged into a virtual reality world and loses all sense of morality when he plays his wife, a woman.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
He's ok. He had a romantic relationship with Woody Harrelson, who starred in Friends With Benefits
Its a comedy/mystery film that was produced by Shaun White and filmed in Los Angeles
Yes she was, and she was also in Friends with Benefits.
I have not, it was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is considered young adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
It's considered Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Are you a fan of Harper Lee movies?
Then you might like The House of Mirth or The Gods of Mars.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
The Last Lecture was written by Randy Pausch, if you'd like to know more?
That's right, he did star in Star Trek. Would you like more information on that?
Sure, adding now. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, he wrote The Wackness starring Jane Adems. Would you like to hear more movies he wrote?
It is a Romance. Would you like to hear about other films in that genre?
Yes, Vanessa Redgrave starred in Wackness. Would you like me to add it to your list?
Glad I could help. Enjoy the movie!
If you like Treasure Island you might also like The Man in the Iron Mask.
Have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde? It was also written by him.
Of course, sounds like you'll like The Return of the Native by Robert Louis Stevenson.
I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the information!
I can tell you he directed a suspense thriller movie, The Ghost Writer, and Rosemary's Baby
Do you like Thrillers?
It was released in 1999
Writter Suzanne Collins also wrote Gregor and the Marks of Secret.
Jack London wrote To Kill a Mockingbird, The Waves, and The Dead Zone. Have you seen any of these?
Yes, they did, and White Fang was directed and directed by Jack London as well.
You're welcome, I'm happy to help.
Sure! Donnie Darko is a Thriller written by Richard Kelly and stars Seth Rogen. Do you like Thriller movies?
He's been in a ton of things, including the Simpsons Movie, Space Jam, and Horrible Bosses to name a few.
Yes he was, along with Seth Rogen.
He's been in so many excellent films. He was also in Insomnia and The Usual Suspects.
Shadows was released in 2010. Would you like to know anything else about it?
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley wrote Frankenstein,The Modern Prometheus. Are you interested in any of this?
Frankenstein is considered a historical novel. It is also considered a horror novel.
Frankenstein is written by Percy Bysshe Shelley and was released in 1818.
You're welcome! I'm glad to help you!
It is a psychological thriller. It is starring Brad Pitt. Have you seen it?
It starred Edward Norton, who also starred in Cult and Death Proof.
You're welcome.
Yes, A.W. Wheen wrote Im Westen nichts Neues.
She wrote Im Westen nichts Neues and Drei Kameraden. Are you interested in Japanese literature?
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
He directed The Siege. Did you know he also wrote The Last Samurai?
Yes, Denzel Washington is in it. He was also in The Jurassic Park III.
Yes, The Siege is also a thriller, crime fiction film. If you are into Denzel Washington, you should check it out.
He was. I'm not sure he was. But Denzel was also in Training Day.
Yes he was. Robert De Niro was also in Volcano High.
You're welcome!
They're in the National League right? I'm more of a baseball fan.
I haven't. Do you have a favorite team?
I like to watch both the Superbowls and the Dodgers sometimes.
Sure! Stephen J. Dubner wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything, if you're interested.
It was released in 2005
It also stars Stephen J. Dubner and Stephen J. Dubner
Of course, I hope you enjoy it!
I know he starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly as well as Once Upon a Time in the West.
Yes she did and he also starred in The Bad and the Ugly.
Yes he also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
Absolutely! World Without End is another great one that he was in.
Yes, you can try The Bad and the Ugly or Once Upon a Time in America.
No problem. Enjoy.
Yes, he wrote Welcome to the Monkey House and Timequake. Are you a fan of Science Fiction?
Yes, Welcome to the Monkey House has a genre of War. Would you like to know more?
Zoe's Tale and The Sirens of Titan are also in that genre are you interested in this?
He's directed a lot of movies. One of them is Unstoppable. Would you like to hear more?
Million Dollar Baby stars Hilary Swank and Morgan Freeman. Do you like them?
Yes, Morgan Freeman also starred in The Civil War. It's a historical period drama.
Sure! He starred in Unlawful Entry and The Vatican Tapes.
It came out in 1994 and was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
It also stars Carmen Argenziano. Do you like her movies?
Brad Garrett starred in Underdog ,The Pacifier,The Country Bears and The Clockwork Girl
The Pacifier is a comedy/crime and action film. It was released in 1994.
He has been in a lot of movies. He is also in Wreck-It Ralph, and The Mask.
They are not my favorite team but I think they are coached by Jim Caldwell
I'm sorry, I don't. Are you familiar with Philadelphia Eagles' hometown team?
I'm a fan of Washington Redskins, but I still enjoy watching it.
I like the Patriots, but I'm a Patriots fan.
Yes, American Beauty is a good one if you like Drama and Comedy. Have you heard of this movie?
Kevin Spacey and Annette Bening were also in it. Do you like dramas?
Yes, it is based on a true story. If you are into romantic comedies, I think you should enjoy it!
That's a great movie. Did you like it because it stars William Hurt and Ty Burrell?
I would recommend Zombieland, X-Men 2 or World War Z.
Yes, it was released in 2010. Would you like to add it to your list?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Roderick Thorp was in that movie. Do you like his movies?
Then you might enjoy Die Hard if you like action genre
Did you like the movie because it was a Thriller or because it was a Thriller?
Absolutely, Brad Pitt also starred in Troy and Inglorious Basterds.
Sure, do you need any other recommendations?
Yes, Peter Krause starred in The Truman Show, The Secret of Moonacre, and The Truman Show. Would you like more information about one of these movies?
Yes, she was in We Don't Live Here Anymore, and was released in 2011.
Yes, Naomi Watts also starred in We Don't Live Here Anymore. That's a comedy.
Yes. X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a sci-fi action/adventure film staring Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman.
Along with Huge Jackman, he is in X-Men: First Class and he was also in The Wolverine, have you seen them?
It's a romantic comedy, Ryan Reynolds also stars in it. It's considered a drama, comedy, and adventure film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Louis Leterrier directed The Transporter and The Transporter.
The Transporter stars Jason Statham, Jason Statham, and Gwyneth Paltrow. Would you like more information on this movie?
He was also a musician and an actor in The Transporter. He was also in The Emperor's New Groove. Are you familiar with that movie?
Sure, Good Will Hunting is written by Matt Damon. Do you like dramas?
The Vampire Slayer is starring Ryan Reynolds, Eddie Izzard, and Richard Portnow.
Yes, it is. Would you like me to send it to you?
The Town is a horror movie. Would you like me to send it to you?
No problem, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I do! I know he wrote a couple that I know of which is one of my favorite books, but he's written a bunch. A couple that I know of are The Silence of the Lambs, and A Bug's Life. Have you read those?
Sure. Madame Bovary is a romance novel released in 1856. Also, it was released in 1856.
It was originally published in 1856. Would you like to know more?
It is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance Novels?
Yes, I can tell you that Madame Bovary is also a Romance Novel. Would you like to hear more about this novel?
You are welcome.
Collateral stars Tom Cruise .Do you like Thrillers?
Well, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick, and he also directed 2001: A Space Odyssey. Do you like his movies?
That's a great Thriller. Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder, Did you see that one? It's a thriller.
It was released in 1999. Did you know that Tom Cruise also starred in Days of Thunder?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Bruce Willis also starred in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen that movie?
He was also in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen that one?
The Last Legion is a good one that he was in.
Great, hope you enjoy it
I know he is a songwriter and songwriter. Do you like his music?
Yes it is a great composer too. Did you know he was born in Berlin?
I don't know much about him other than he does. I do know he was also born in Las Vegas
Sure! Leonard Nimoy starred in Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi and Stardust. Have you seen either of those?
Yes he was in Star Trek III was a science fiction film
Siddhartha was written by Hermann Hesse and Hermann Hesse. It was released in 1922. Would you like to know more?
She also wrote The Mists of Avalon which is speculative fiction and was released in 1922.
That was released in 1922.
You're welcome.
He starred in You Again, Wolfen and Turner and Hooch. Have you seen them?
Jamie Lee Curtis also starred in You Again, which also stars Dwayne Johnson, have you seen it?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote Life of Pi and Beatrice and Virgil. Do either of those interest you?
I have not, but Yann Martel starred in a film called Beowulf.
Yes, I believe it was also written by Michelle Paver, but I haven't seen it yet.
I haven't seen it, but I'll check it out.
That was written by Vladimir Nabokov and Mervyn Peake didn't he?
It was written by Philip Van Doren Stern and released in 1818.
You are welcome. Goodbye.
Sure. He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories
I don't know much about him, is he a basketball player?
I don't have much information about him but I do know he is also a basketball player
Yes, he is a basketball player, do you like basketball?
Sure, he wrote Teacher Man, and Tis Apocalypto. Have you read those?
Another similar book you might enjoy is Teacher Man.
You are welcome
I think it is a great book by Thomas Harris. It is a Speculative fiction. Have you read it?
Thomas Harris also wrote The Silence of the Lambs: Red Dragon, Hannibal, and Hannibal Rising. Have you read any of those?
It was released in 2007. It is also written by Thomas Harris.
Happy to help!
They're coached by Carlo Ancelotti. Are you a fan?
Real Madrid C.F is an athlete. Do you like soccer?
I believe their coach Jose Mourinho
He is a great author. He wrote To Have and Have Not, The Sea Wolf. Have you read that?
Other fiction books you might like include Wuthering Heights and Xenocide.
Million Dollar Baby stars Hilary Swank and is a drama. Do you like Hilary Swank?
Yes. Did you see it? It also stars Mila Kunis. It is a good movie.
Do you like dramas? You may want to check it out.
Yes. Undisputed is also written by Steven Spielberg. Are you a Spielberg fan?
Did you know that Faye Dunaway also starred in True Romance?
Have you heard of A Very Long Engagement with Denis Lavant and Albert Dupontel?
It was released in 2009 and also is a Romance. You will like it
Yes, I do. Did you know she wrote The Cuckoo's Calling?
He is a writer and play writer. He wrote The Cuckoo's Calling and was influenced by Jane Austen
It is a classic, as well as an animated film. I highly recommend it.
There's so many to choose from but a good place to start with The Modern Prometheus, as well as The Casual Vacancy.
Yes, it is a classic young-adult fiction novel written by Jane Austen and is also considered young adult fiction.
You're very welcome!
Yes, Andrew Adamson wrote all three Shreks which stars Andrew Adamson
That's a great one! It's both Mike Myers and Mike Myers to name a couple.
I am not a fan of the Mets. Are you a fan of the New York Mets?
I'm more of a baseball fan. But I love the Houston Astros. Are you a fan of those?
Minute Maid is a comedy-drama film. Did you see it?
Thomas Lennon starred in The Matrix Revolutions, The Human Stain, and Wild Bill. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, it is a television series starring Thomas Lennon and J.K. Simmons. It is a television series.
I don't know much about Chealsea, I don't know much about her. Are you a fan of hers?
I love the Dallas Cowboys, but I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. Which team is your favorite?
Agreed! Anything else I can help you with?
King Kong was written and directed by Kong Kong. The genre is sci-fi. Do you like sci-fi?
He wrote The Wolverine. Are you a fan of suspense?
I am not sure but I can tell you it was written by Kretschmann
The Denver Broncos are a pretty good team. Do you like them?
I'm also a fan of the Denver Broncos. They were runner-up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Yea, he played football as well. He was a great coach.
I do too. I'm sure you'll enjoy that one too.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I've been a fan since they were the runner-ups. Are you a fan of the New York Mets?
I guess it was. It was really funny. Are you a fan of the Yankees, do you like any other teams?
I love that movie. Did you know Field of Dreams was released in 1986?
I think he's a good basketball player. Do you follow basketball?
Yes, I do like LeBron James and his brother Jordan
I have not, he's also an actor isn't he?
It's a great movie starring Will Smith and Kate Winslet, have you seen it?
Did you like Men in Black because it was a comedy or a sci-fi movie?
Yes, it was received by a lot of awards, and there is a sequel, as well as a comedy film.
Glad I could help. Enjoy the movie!
The Dark Knight is a great one that is similar to Batman Begins.
I'm not sure of the sequel, but Christopher Nolan also directed The Dark Knight Rises which is based on the Batman movies.
Enjoy the movies!
He wrote The Mad Ship starring J.K. Rowling.
The Mad Ship was released in 2014, and The Golden Fool was released in 2014.
Sure, Timequake is about time travel. Mother Night is science fiction. Do you like either of those genres?
It's considered a historical fiction. Do you like those types of books?
Another Speculative fiction is Zoe's Tale, and Xenocide
If you like Crime X you might also like Snatch, Quantum of Solace and Mean Creek
Lake of Fire stars Kenneth Branagh and Kevin Costner. Do you like these actors?
Lake of Fire stars Kenneth Branagh and Kevin Costner
You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote .
E.V. Rieu wrote .
He is a French poet who wrote The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson
Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
I don't have that information, but yes, Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail is a novel.
You are welcome. Hope it helps.
If You Give a Mouse a Cookie is written by Laura Joffe Numeroff and Felicia Bond and was released in 1985. Have you read all the books in the series?
Yes. Steve Buscemi also wrote If You Give a Pig a Party.
Laura Numeroff also wrote If You Give a Pig a Party and If You Take a Mouse to the Movies.
Sure, Eyes Wide Shut was written by Stanley Kubrick and he also directed Stanley Kubrick. Do you like dramas?
I would recommend Zero Dark Thirty or X-Men Origins: Wolverine, both great movies.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'll add them to your list. Enjoy!
Charles Duhigg wrote The Power of Habit and The Power of Habit.
The Power of Habit was released in 2011
Absolutely, Enjoy
The Godfather, starring Al Pacino, was a crime drama. Do you like crime dramas?
Yes, he is a great basketball player too. Did you know that they won the 2008 NBA Finals?
Yes he is. Did you know he was the coach for the Boston Celtics?
Chicago Bulls : Team Owned by Jerry Reinsdorf
Chicago Bulls : Team Owned by Jerry Reinsdorf
They did, they were runner ups to Super Bowl XLVII
You're welcome
Dear John was written by Nicholas Sparks and is a romance novel, do you like those kinds of books?
Yes, it was also written by Nicholas Sparks and is considered a satire.
Glad I could help. Enjoy the movie!
Sure! Do you like Crescendo because it is a romance film or because it is a drama?
Are you interested in the romance novel or the Romance genre?
Jane Austen also wrote Sense and Sensibility and Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion.
Jane Austen also wrote Mansfield Park and Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion.
You're welcome!
I love them! They are my sons favorite band. I was so sad when Chester Bennington passed away. Do you like them?
Oh, I love Warner Bros. Records that's my hometown team. I'm a fan of theirs, but I haven't heard of them since they're doing well this season.
Sure, do you like science fiction movies or action movies?
Finding Nemo is a Sci-Fi/Action movie released in 2012.
Yes, Ellen DeGeneres did star in it as well. It is a Family/Animary film.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Yes I do! He starred in Zathura: A Space Adventure, and The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York.
Yes, she is in it. Did you know Phil LaMarr directed it?
I have a couple of good family movies. My favorite is The Mask, have you seen it?
Happy to help!
Yes, he's an author, an actor and an athlete. Such a wide range of talent!
His father is a famous Indian. What sport does he play?
Yes he wrote it, did you know he also wrote No Country for Old Men?
Yeah he is a basketball player, he played point guard in the NBA.
Yes he also owns the Boston Red Sox
yes he does. The Seattle Seahawks is owned by Bill Bidwill
Yes I do! The King's Speech is written by Terry Gilliam and stars Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more?
Yes she was in that a TV series, did you like her? She also starred in Treasure Planet.
Are you referring to the drama The Lord of the Rings?
I like some of her music. My favorite song of his is probably Whenever, Wherever. How about you?
Yes, Sia Furler wrote a few songs like You da One and You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger
Really, I don't know anything about her music, I am not sure. Did you know she has a white band?
They are owned by Virginia Halas McCaskey. I think they are a pretty good team.
Oh, ok. I am more of a Bears fan myself. What team does he play for?
I think they're doing well this year. They are a lot of fun to watch.
I think he is a good basketball player. What do you think of him?
I'm not sure. I don't really know a lot about him. Is he a good player?
Yes, he does. He is a very talented man.
Do you like thrillers? I would recommend The Pillars of the Earth.
Yes, Hayley Atwell starred in The Pillars of the Earth and Tower of Midnight.
You may like The Pillars of the Earth, it is a thriller that she starred in.
You're welcome. Anything else?
Yes, that was written by Jefferies. Are you a fan of him?
She is a star in Sleepers, have you seen that one?
I don't know much except that the Buccaneers are coached by Lovie Smith and Greg Schiano. Are you a fan?
I don't know that, but I do know that Lovie Smith is coached by the San Diego Chargers.
I like football, what's your favorite team?
It is written by J.K. Rowling. You might also like The Scorch Trials or The Chronicles of Narnia.
Sure! J.K. Rowling also wrote The Cuckoo's Calling and The Casual Vacancy.
Agreed. Anything else I can help you with today?
Great, I think you'll enjoy them!
Sure! He starred in Annie Hall and To Rome with Love. Have you seen either of those?
To Rome With Love stars Ralph Fiennes, Tracie Thoms, and Anna Kendrick.
I think you'll enjoy it. Enjoy!
Do you like Spirited Away because it is a drama or a crime fiction?
Similar to Scream of the Banshee, you might also like The Thin Red Line.
One of my favorites is World Without End. Have you heard of it?
You're welcome!
He wrote such great novels as The Virgin Suicides and The Picture of Dorian Gray. Have you read either of those?
It is a Fiction Novel. It was released in 1993. It is about a woman whose paths cross.
It was released in 1993. Anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome
Sure, it was written by Judd apatow and stars Seth Rogen, who also starred in Knocked Up
Seth Rogen starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Resident Evil: Apocalypse Now
Yes, Mindy Kaling has starred in so many movies. Would you like me to recommend some of them?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he wrote The Virgin Suicides, The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Polar Express. Have you read any of those?
Yes. Miranda Richardson also starred in Gideon's Daughter.
Yes, it is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
Of course, I hope you like it!
Oh yes, I love her music. Did you know she is from Canada?
Yes, I like Uma Thurman and Billie Jean
It is, and she's married to a woman named La La.
Inception was directed by Christopher Nolan. He also wrote The Prestige.
Yes he did and Christopher Nolan also directed The Prestige.
Yes he did, and Christopher Nolan also produced The Prestige.
Yes, Christopher Nolan also produced The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
Waterworld is a Mystery film.
Enjoy the film!
Dani Alves is a Defender for the Brazil national football team. Are you a fan?
Wow, that's interesting, did you know Dani Alves plays Forward ?
They're doing okay in the NFC West, but I think they're having a good season this year!
Yeah, they are doing well this season but they are having a good season this year, don't you think?
Actually, I am not sure. Did you know Tom Brady won the NFC North?
Well, would you like to hear about other things written by F. Scott Fitzgerald?
It was originally published in 1838. It is a novel about social criticism. Do you enjoy that book?
That's a good one. He also wrote A Tale of Two Cities, which was released in 1838.
He also wrote A Tale of Two Cities, which was released in 1838.
I don't know much about working class, but I do know that it is also written by Charles Dickens and was released in 1838.
You're welcome!
Kierra Cass wrote The Siren. Are you familiar with that?
The Siren was written by Kierra Cass. She also wrote The Prince.
The Siren was released in 2011. It is based on Greek mythology, and was written in 2008.
You're welcome.
Do you like Tom Cruise because Tom Cruise is in it or because it is an Action/Adventure movie?
Yes, it is, you should check it out.
Drama and Romance is an action packed movie. I would suggest it.
I hope you enjoy it.
Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell. He also wrote Animal Farm.
Animal Farm is a great children's book. Did you want to know more about it?
You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote Relato de un náufrago
Sure, he wrote The Red Pony which is a fiction novel. You might like that one as well.
It was written by Roger Zelazny. Would you like to know more about this?
Well, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas: A Savage Journey to the Heart of American Dream was a book that was turned into a film. Have you seen it?
Have a great day!
Adam Brown starred in The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug and The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey.
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome!
Bradley Cooper starred in Limitless, a crime fiction, and The Words. Have you seen any of these?
The woods is a 1998 autobiographical novel by Neil Gaiman, who co-starred with Bradley Cooper.
It is a sci-fi thriller. Would you like me to add it to your list?
Have you read the Lord of the Rings?
Think and Back Again has genre Young-adult fiction. Anything else I can help with?
no i do not have information on him. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
Edgar Allan Poe wrote The Tell-Tale Heart, The Raven and Other Poems and Other Poems to name a few. Do you want me to go on with those genres?
It was released in 1843.
You're welcome
Yes, Cesc Fàbregas is an athlete that plays on the Spain national football team.
I don't know much about them, other than he plays for Barcelona. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure. I don't know much about the city of Barcelona.
Aladdin was written by John Green, who also wrote Eldest. It was released in 2000.
Have you seen the other Hitchhiker's movie?
You should check it out. It's an animated movie.
He directed The Good Thief and The End of the Affair. Do either of those interest you?
It also starred Ralph Fiennes, did you know it was also a drama?
Yes, he did. He also directed The End of the Affair, which is an animated film. Do you like comedies?
Glad I could help!
Quentin Tarantino has directed such well-known films as Pulp Fiction, Grindhouse and Death Proof. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, he was in Grindhouse. Are you into sci-fi movies?
I don't have anything else he's done but he was also in Death Proof which is a good movie.
No problem! Enjoy!
Downfalls in the genre of War. Do you like War films?
Downfall is starring Tika Sumpter and Thomas Lennon
The Baader Meinhof Complex is starring Alexandra Maria Lara, she is a great actress.
You are welcome
I do! He is a great singer. Do you like his music?
Oh yes. I like her too. Who's your favorite song of his?
I haven't heard that one. Who is it?
Yes, it was written by Cassandra Clare and was released in 2014. Have you read it?
She also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Box
Yes it is a series
You're welcome
By David Sedaris? I love that book. Have you read it?
Me Talk Pretty One Day is actually a comedy. Its written by Sedaris, and David Sedaris, and Denim, to name a few.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Fred Willard starred in Youth in Revolt and Roxanne, both Romantic comedies. Do you like that genre?
It is a drama movie. Do you like watching these kinds of films?
You're welcome. Enjoy the movie.
Great, have a great day!
You're welcome!
Blood Diamond was a drama. Do you like dramas?
J.J. Abrams also played in that movie.
The Lord of War was released in 2004
CCH Pounder starred in X-Men: First Class, Winter's Bone, The Sixth Sense and The Jungle. Have you seen any of those?
He also starred in The Witch of Blackbird Pond and Unknown Woman to name a few.
Yes, he starred in the Mortal Instruments: City of Bones
Yes! The Devil Wears Prada stars Anne Hathaway and Anne Hathaway. Are you a fan of romance films?
She was also in the Mists of Avalon which was released in 2011.
Yes, she is. Anne Hathaway also starred in The Iron Lady. Anne Hathaway also starred in The Devil Wears Prada.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was released in 2001.
What About Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was also released in 1997.
Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Small Steps. They are both childrens literature. Do you like that genre?
Okay, then if you like fiction you'll enjoy The Maze Runner, The War of the Worlds and The Edge.
Glad I could help!
Sure! Dan Gilroy wrote Angels starring Tom Cruise. Have you seen that one?
The Bourne Legacy starred Matt Damon and was released in 2013. Want to know more?
The Bourne Identity starred Matt Damon and was released in 2013 and is an action movie. Do you like that kind of movie?
Yes, Hayao Miyazaki directed The Silence of the Lambs. Have you heard of it?
It is a drama, Hayao Miyazaki also directed Ponyo, have you seen it?
You are welcome, Hayao Miyazaki also starred in Ponyo, have you seen it?
Yes, this is an anime film, I am not sure if this is a anime film, but Hayao Miyazaki also starred in Donnie Darko, have you seen it?
Sure, he wrote There Will Be Blood and The Master. He's been involved in a lot of different movies.
Besides being a writer, he also directed There Will Be Blood, Tom Sturgess is in it.
You are welcome, enjoy the movie!
Sure! Paula Hawkins wrote The Grand Budapest Hotel and The Reunion. Are you interested in either of those?
Sure, The Girl on the Train was written by Paula Hawkins and was released in 1996. Are you interested in a particular genre?
Do you need anything else?
No problem, I am glad that I could help.
Sure, I would recommend To Kill a Mockingbird, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Manchurian Candidate to name a few
You're welcome, enjoy!
I have heard of it. It's genre is considered self-help, science fiction, and post-apocalyptic fiction, do you like those genres?
I can also recommend The Sum of All Fears, The Hunt for Red October, and The Secret of Joy.
Yes, it is written by James Patterson and is in the genre of mystery as well.
You're welcome!
Sure, Vladimir Naokov wrote Pnin, Pale Fire, and Lolita. Do either of those interest you?
Pinn was influenced by Vladimir Naokov and is known for writing War. Do you like the author because of its genre?
No, I believe he did
It is speculative fiction
No problem
Memoirs of a Geisha was written by Robin Swicord and Arthur Golden. This book is also a film.
This is the story of a Geisha, a Geisha by Arthur Golden, and the novel was released in 1947
He wrote Memoirs of a Geisha, have you read it
Enjoy
He is ok but I think his Spouse Hayden Panettiere is great
Yes, he wrote it, and he wrote it.
I'm not sure about Anna Paquin, but he starred in Sweet Home Alabama.
That's true. Apparently she starred in a comedy called The Sahara which is a comedy.
Green Eggs and Ham was written by Dr. Seuss, and released in 2010.
There's a sequel to Wocket in My Pocket. Would you like to know more about that?
That's correct! That's also the year that The Cat in the Hat was released.
It's a great adventure movie. Did you enjoy Kung Fu Panda 2
He's been in a lot of adventures like Freddyshack and The Quick and the Dead.
Yes! That's also a funny one!
You're welcome!
Yes E.B. White wrote The Elements of Style and Stuart Little. Have you read them?
Sure. Safe Haven was written by Nicholas Sparks who also wrote Three Weeks with my Brother. It was released in 2010. Do you like Romance Novels?
Zoe Lister-Jabbar is starring in the Dozen. Do you like Drama movies?
It was released in 2004. Do you like dramas?
Yes, you should check it out.
Sure, enjoy the movie!
It stars Christian Bale as well as Christian Bale. Are you a fan of any of them?
Yes, that's correct. It also starred Oprah Winfrey, Cicely Tyson and Oprah Winfrey.
I don't know, but I do know that he starred in The Women of Brewster Place, a historical period drama.
Sure! Added to your watch list. I hope you enjoy it.
She is a British actess, best known for her roles in Ronin, The Truman Show and Solaris
The Truman Show was released in 2003. It also stars Jim Carrey and Marlon Brando.
It was written by Dan Brown and was released in 2001. Would you like to know who wrote it?
It is a thriller/thriller. Do you like that genre?
He wrote the Where the Wild Things Are and The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss.
Little Bear is listed as a fantasy, children's literature, and was released in 1922.
Great, I'll add that one to your list.
You're welcome, enjoy!
No, I'm sorry I don't have that information, but you're welcome!
He directed the science fiction film Eraserhead. Have you seen it?
Inland Empire has genre Romance and Fantasy.
Idiocracy is starring Tim Pigott-Smith and David Lynch.
It was released in 2016. It is a thriller/thriller/action film.
I'll add it to your list now.
ok
Gone with the Wind is written by Margaret Mitchell. Do you like her work?
How about Apocalypse Now? It's a classic.
I'm not sure about that one, but I do know it was written by Scott Fitzgerald.
Your welcome
She starred in The Stone Angel and The Wicker Man. Have you seen them?
I know he's a tennis player. Didn't he lose to Roger Federer?
Yes, I agree. Did you know she has starred in a hair show?
I didn't realize he was a player as well. I'm not sure if he played or not.
To Kill a Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee who also wrote Go Set a Watchman.
Then you might like The Outsiders or The Passage or The Passage or The Passage.
You are welcome.
I love her music. My favorite is I'm Not Dead by Pink. What is yours?
Yes, I love her music. Did you know she starred in a movie titled Pretty Little Liars, which is a comedy.
Oh wow, I didn't know that. That's a funny fact. Did you know she starred in a movie? It's a comedy.
Yes, Peter Gallagher starred in The Wolverine and The Nutty Professor. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, she starred in While You Were Sleeping. Did you know she also starred in The O.C.?
Yes He also starred in The O.C. which is a Romance.
You are welcome.
Martin Gardner wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you read that?
The Portable Atheist and Alice Adventures in Wonderland has genre Fiction
He has also written The Portable Atheist and Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.
Happy to help
I know he plays futbol, American soccer :)
He played Midfielder and forward. Are you a fan of either of those teams?
Yes he was also on FC Porto. Are you a fan of any of the players?
I love tennis. Her sister Venus Williams is great. Do you like tennis?
Brett Ratner is an actor. What's your favorite actor?
I'm guessing her and her sister Serena was also in Shark Tale.
The Glass Castle was written by Jeannette Wells and was released in 2005. Another similar book is Walk Two Moons. Have you heard of that one?
It was written by Greg Mortenson.
She's a great songwriter. One of her most famous books is The Silence of the Lambs. Have you read that one?
It is a fiction novel
Of course. Zoe's Tale is a great fiction novel
Yes, it is written by Jack London
You are welcome
I think she is a great tennis player. Isn't she a tennis player?
I know he is also a musician, but I don't know much about him. Do you like him?
I am not sure, but I believe he is a good athlete.
Yes. Usain Bolt was also in the 2012 Summer Olympics, right?
Do you like Thor: The Dark World because it is a fantasy movie?
Then you might also like The Lion, The Witch and the Wardrobe. It's also fantasy.
That's also written by Chris Weitz and stars Sam Elliott and Nicole Kidman.
She is a great actor. Hope you like it!
Yes, it was released in 2014 starring Melissa Benoist and Melissa Benoist. Are you a fan of them?
Yes Wade Williams also stars in Troy Garity
Yes, he did, and he starred in The Good Doctor
Breakfast of Champions is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and he also wrote Apocalypto
Yes, he also wrote Welcome to the Monkey House and Timequake as well.
I haven't read that one, but I do know he wrote Welcome to Temptation that is a good book
Mark Waters wrote and directed the movie Monsters Inc, a crime fiction.
Yes, John Sayles wrote the story and he also wrote Zombieland. Did you know he wrote it?
It is a historical period drama. Does that interest you?
I like Phil Mickelson, he won the 2005 PGA Championship and the 2010 Masters Tournament, he also starred in the movie Tin Cup.
Do you know of any other players in that category?
Yeah, I think it's funny because he also starred in Entourage. I think you'll like it.
He wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Breakfast at Tiffany's. Have you read either of those?
Yes he did. He also starred in The Wedding Date. Have you seen that movie?
I'm not sure about movies he's acted in, but he was also in The Other Guys and Entourage Home.
Yes, he wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement, and Who Moved My Cheese. Have you read either of those?
That's correct. It's considered self-help, non-fiction, self-help, non-fiction and self-help.
That's correct. Did you know that The One Minute Manager was released in 1981?
I do! He starred in Nowhere Boy and Fifty Shades of Grey.
Yes, Nowhere Boy starred Fifty Shades of Grey, and Johnny Depp.
Nowhere Boy is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Of course, do you like this author because of the genre of it's author, Hunter S Thompson?
Yes he did and it was released in 1961. Have you seen it?
It was a political Thriller. If you like political Thrillers you might enjoy Shark Night.
Yes she wrote The Virgin Blue, The Last Runaway, and The Lady and the Unicorn. Have you read these?
Virgin Blue is a Romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
I don't have any other information about that movie, but I do know it was directed by Tracy Chevalier.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he is a good actor. He starred in The Mist and The Green Mile. Are you a fan of thrillers?
The Mist is a thriller and was directed by Tom Hanks. Do you like thrillers?
Certainly, do you like National Lampoon?
If you have not seen Annie Hall, I highly recommend it.
Dan Gilroy wrote Angels starring Tom Cruise. Have you seen it?
Matt Damon and Josh Brolin
It is a thriller
Zero Dark Thirty
The Mists of Avalon, The Patriot
Welcome
Do you like books by Maurice Sendak? He wrote some poetry.
Shel Silverstein also wrote The Giving Tree, The Giving Tree, and The Giving Tree.
Shel Silverstein also wrote The Giving Tree, and The Missing Piece.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
I know he is a country singer who composed Country Man. You like country?
I like her song Someone Else Calling You Baby. Did you know she has some popular songs?
Yes, Snoop Dogg is a good one
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit one of my favorite movies. If you haven't seen it I'd highly recommend it.
It was released in 1999. Did you know it was released in 1999?
You're welcome!
Sure, Oliver Stone wrote The Doors and The Doors. He also directed The Doors.
The Doors stars Orlando Bloom, Michael Shannon, and Oprah Winfrey
Yes, the Doors is a musical starring Mimi Rogers and Michael Madsen. Do you like musicals?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Wise Man's Fear and The Name of the Wind. Do you like Heroic fantasy novels?
You can try The Name of the Wind. It was written by Patrick Rothfuss.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Divergent is in the genres Science Fiction and Dystopia. Do you like books in those genres?
Similar to Divergent, you might like The Hunger Games, The Giver, or The Pillars of the Earth.
He's a soccer player from Manchester United F.C...
It looks like he also plays soccer
I know that Thiago Silva is a Brazilian jiu-jitsu champion
Yes I do. The Minnesota Vikings are coached by Mike Zimmer and a part of the NFC North.
Yes, I like football. My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks. How about you?
Are you a fan of any other teams in the NFL?
Could you recommend a movie starring Matt Damon?
Anna Kendrick also starred in White Oleander. Have you seen that one?
Yes, she also starred in The Negotiator and The Thin Red Line.
I'm sorry I don't have that information. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm sorry, I don't have any other recommendations for Pitch Perfect.
You are welcome.
Yes, he's a good actor. He starred in A.I. Artificial Intelligence. Are you a fan of his?
I think Suresh Rainia is an athlete that plays Cricket for the Mumbai Indians. Is that right?
Not really, I'm more of a baseball fan. I don't really know much about it. I prefer American Football, what's your favorite team?
Kevin O'Brien, is a professional cricket player. I don't really know anything about cricket, but I do know he is from Monmouth Beach.
Sure! He wrote Uglies and Touching Darkness, which are speculative fiction.
It is a Speculative fiction that was released in 1980
I'm sorry I can't find anything else i can help you with
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about him other than he plays on Spain national football team. Are you a midfielder?
I think Vicente del Bosque is also on the team. Do you like football?
Yes, he did. He also played for Manchester United F.C. as well.
Yes, he also coached Manchester United F.C. as well
Joseph Heller wrote The Dark Knight and The Shinning. Have you read either of those ?
He has written a lot of War books, and was also a war novel. Do you like war novels?
Yes, Fifty Shades Freed was written by E.L. James and released in 2012. It's an erotic romance novel. Are you interested in more romance novels?
I have not, but E.L. James also wrote The Alpha Master, have you read that?
Bared to You is written by E.L. James and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
It was published in April of 2012, do you want any other recommendations?
It is a great one, hope you enjoy it
Yes, he is a great author. He wrote The Castle as well as Amerika
It is a fiction novel, similar to Death in the Clouds.
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy it.
The Boys in The Boat: Nine Americans and Their Epic Quest for Gold
Laura Hillenbrand also wrote Country of nationality, which is also a historical fiction. Does that interest you?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Are you referring to James Robinson who starred in No Country for Old Men?
Yes. Patrick McGoohan wrote Braveheart. Do you like thrillers?
Yes he did and Braveheart is directed by Frank Darabont
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly which is a historical period drama
It is a good one, enjoy!
Martin Gardener wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer, The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer, and The Portable Atheist.
It was released in 1877.
It is a non-fiction book written in English. Are you interested in reading those types of books?
No problem, enjoy!
Washington Redskins sucks. did you know Dwight Schar owned this team
Yes, that's right, he also coached the Oakland Raiders.
Yes, he was playing for the Broncos. Did you like the Raiders, or the Denver Broncos?
Sure, Girl with a Pearl Earring was written by Shawnee Smith. Would you like more titles by this author?
Yes. It's a short story - it is about a father dealing with the accusation that his 14-year-old son is a murderer
It was written by Orson Scott Card.
Tropic Thunder was directed by Ben Stiller who also directed Tropic Thunder. Would you like more information about it?
The Cable Guy is a good one! It stars Tom Hanks, Johnny Depp, and Kevin Dillane.
One of my favorites is X-Men Apocalypse
Yes, Diana Gabaldon wrote My Own Heart's Blood.
I'm not sure about that, but Diana Gabaldon wrote In My Own Heart's Blood.
Zero to One is a romance novel.
Enjoy your day!
He directed Cutthroat Island, starring Frank langella, and The Long Kiss Goodnight
Rex Linn, Renny Harlin, and Maury Chaykin
It was released in 1995
Enjoy !
I'm not really a Bears fan but I do know they are having a good season this year.
I do not think I'm more of a Bears fan myself. They are doing good this season though.
Oh wow, I am not a huge fan of the Patriots, but I do know they are coached by Doc Rivers and owned by Bill Bidwill
Sure! Doug Liam has directed a lot of movies. One of them being Fair Game and The Bourne Identity.
I'm not sure, but John-Hengle is also in that film. Would you like to know more about that?
I don't have that information, but John-Henery did star in that movie. Would you like to watch that?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Ben Stiller starred in that movie as well. Do you like her?
Yes, he does. He's also the writer and a model. Are you interested in his movies?
Yes, he's an American professional basketball player for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association.
I don't have much information on her, but I do know that he was married to Gabrielle Union.
Yes, it was! It was directed by him.
Yes I love that movie. It's a Sci-Fi Thriller. Are you into that genre?
It also stars Zoey Deutch and John Ratzenberger.
If you like sci-fi, you might also enjoy X-Men: Days of Future Past.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes he is a good director! He directed 300: Rise of an Empire, Teddy Bear Chase, The Affair, and Art Heist. Have you seen any of those?
300: Rise on an Empire was released in 2014. Eva Green, Sullivan Stapleton, and Peter Mensah starred in it
300: Rise on an Empire was released in 2014.
I would definitely recommend War of the Worlds, which is another fantasy movie you might like.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you she is a star in that movie.
Eva Green was born in Rochester, New York, New York.
Glad I could help.
I'm more of a baseball fan. What's your favorite team?
It's pretty cool. It's a basketball player. Did you know he's from San Diego?
That's right! I wish they had a good fortune. Breaking Tables would be a good one for you.
Yes, Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
It starred George Clooney and Robert Louis Stevenson. Would you like to know more about this movie?
Yes, The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was also released in 2008
I'm sorry I don't have any other recommendations for that movie.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Sure, would you like to hear about other books by Zora Neale Hurston or other novels?
That's a great book. It's written by George Orwell and is a historical fiction.
She wrote "Sword of Shannara" and "Horror."
I know he is a football player, but I don't know much about him.
I don't know much about him, other than he plays Midfielder. Is he a player?
No, I haven't.
Haha. I have never been to a fan of Football.
Yes, He is a prolific writer who wrote Sense and Sensibility a biography. Are you interested in those?
Do you like John Steinbeck ?
It is considered a Romance and Historical fiction. Do you like those types of books?
OK, would you like me to add it to your list?
I think it was released in 2009. Anne Tyler also wrote The Big Lebowski which is a great read as well.
I am not sure but I can tell you it was written by Anne Tyler. I am sorry I don't have that information.
Happy to help you! I hope you like the book!
The Bruges was written by Martin McDonagh, who also wrote All the Real Girls. You like thrillers?
Seven Psychopaths starring Tom Waits is a good one.
I'm sorry, I don't have anything else she's starred in. Sorry, but I can't find anything else she has starred in.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, do you like O Brother, Where Art Thou because it starred Tom Hanks?
Absolutely! She also starred in Thirteen with George Clooney.
Yes, she also starred in Thirteen.
You're welcome!
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks was written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010. It's considered young adult fiction.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks was written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010.
It is an adventure genre
He also wrote All My Sons have you heard of that one?
It is a great book written by Fredrik Backman and released in 2012. Are you a fan of them?
2012 was also the year that   was released
Do you like the movie because it's because it's a thriller?
Then I would recommend War of the Worlds and The Pursuit of Happyness.
Yes, that is correct. I haven't seen Space Jam, have you ever seen it?
Interstellar starred Leonardo DiCaprio, Megan Fox, and Kevin Costner just to name a few
Welcome
Yes, it was written by Suzanne Collins and is a Young-adult fiction.
He directed The Golden Compass starring Chris Weitz. Have you seen it?
It also starred Adam Sandler and Kevin Zegers.
She has also starred in Aftermath at high Bonneville
Great, hope you enjoy it.
Yes I do. He's a great tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I haven't. I've been to a fan since I watched a match.
What sport do you like to watch?
Melink Karakosta wrote Le Petit Prince.
Melina Karakosta also wrote that book.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Can I help you with anything else?
Did you like the movie because it was a Thriller or because it was a sci-fi movie?
Well, if you like X-Men you might also like The Last Stand or Wolverine, have you seen those?
Logan stars Brad Pitt and is a sci-fi action film, do you want more recommendations on those actors?
Certainly! Enjoy!
Yes, he is a great writer who wrote the Pixar film Up. Have you seen it?
He wrote Who's That Chick, have you heard of it?
I like drama films, have you seen To Rome with Love? It is a good one.
You are welcome, I hope you enjoy them!
Sure, Peter Bart wrote The Godfather, The Godfather, and The Godfather. Have you read those?
The Godfather was written by Marlon Brando
The Godfather was released in 1999 and was written by Marlon Brando
Green Mile is written by Frank Darabont who also wrote The Shawshank Redemption. You might like that one.
Stephen King has written Wolves of the Calla, have you heard of that one?
There is a film adaptation of the Dead Zone. Is that what you are looking for?
You are welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome.
She wrote The Orphan Train which was released in 2013. Are you a fan of her work?
She also wrote A Piece of the World.
Yes. They are both children's literature.
I Am Legend is starring Will Smith and Will Smith. Would you like to know more?
He also starred in The Pursuit of Happiness and Seven Pounds. Have you seen either of those films?
He's been in quite a few roles, actually. He was also in The Pursuit of Happyness, which is also a Sci-Fi action movie. Have you seen this movie yet?
Hot Fuzz is a black comedy and parody film. Are you interested in black films or comedy?
Hot Fuzz is an action and adventure film. If you like action, Shark Night is another action movie you should check it out
Yes it is. You should check it out.
Yes, I love his music. Did you know he is also a model?
I like his music , but I don't really know much about him. Who is your favorite song of his?
I do, he is a great artist, and a musician too, isn't he?
To Kill a Mockingbird was written in 1960.
Yes The Incredible Journey was written by Maurice Sendak as well
Yes, I can help you with it and it is written by Claude-Michel Schönberg and Alain Boublil. Would you like to know more?
Have you seen Welcome to Temptation or Water for Elephants? You might enjoy those!
I'm sorry, I don't have any other recommendations for movies similar to Les Miserables, but I can tell you other romance films you'd like.
Yes, it was written by Quinn K. Redeker and stars Thomas Lennon
It was directed by Quinn K. Redeker
Yes, she starred in Deer Hunter
It also stars Meryl Streep and Ray Winstone
I'm a fan of the Denver Broncos. They're in the AFC West division. Are you a fan of them?
The Pride and Prejudice was a good one too. It was released in 2017 too. If you haven't seen it, you should give it a try.
Cold Mountain is starring Bruce Willis. Are you a fan of his movies?
Yes, I did. Renee Zellweger also starred in Shark Tale and Monsters vs. Aliens.
Cold Mountain is a thriller. If you are into thriller movies you should check out The River Why.
Yes, J.K. Simmons is an American professional basketball player who plays as a point guard for the Mumbai Indians.
He's done some great thriller films. He starred in The Longest Day & The Scout. Have you seen either of those?
It also stars Natalie Portman and J.K. Simmons. It's an excellent crime fiction film.
Stephen Graham, Johnny Depp, and Johnny Depp starred in Public Enemies. Do you like thrillers?
Speaking of Public Enemies, James Depp has also starred in The Rum Diary and The Rum Diary.
I'll have to check him out. Did you know he was also in The Rum Diary?
Okay, I'll have to check it out! Thanks for the recommendation.
The actors that starred in The Fugitive are Selena Gomez, Scott Fitzgerald, and Morgan Freeman
I don't have that information. But Daniel Roebuck starred in The Fugitive.
Did you have any other questions regarding that movie?
He was in Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back and Return of the Jedi.
Yes, he was in The Fugitive as well.
You're welcome!
Yes. J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Ban
Sure, Peter Pan also wrote The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson, and The Penultimate Peril.
It's considered children's literature, historical fiction and children's literature.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it.
The same Karim Benzema plays for the France national football team right?
Yea, he plays for Manchester United F.C.., and the Manchester United F.C.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Gary Scott Thompson and stars Paul Walker. Are you interested you interested in those actors?
He also starred in The Chronicles of Riddick and Fast Five.
I'm glad I could help you!
Yes, Joh Faiau wrote  [Z no shmetsu]. Have you read that?
Yes Jonathan Silverman also starred in Made, which is a thriller.
Yes that's correct and he also starred in That is a comedy too.
Yes it did, and Kevin Nealon also starred in Huckleberry Finn
Yes she did, along with Reese Witherspoon as well
The Gazebo is a Romance Film, I'm not sure if you're into Gazebo but I'm sure you will love it
Yes, Seth MacFarlane wrote and directed This is the End, which stars George Clooney. Do you like his movies?
Sure, Family Guy is a horror/adventure film that was released in 1996 and directed by Seth MacFarlane
Yes, Seth MacFarlane wrote a animated version of Family Guy
Skyfall is starring Frank Finlay. Are you interested in any of these actors?
Yes, he has starred in such films as The Lone Ranger and The Fifty Shades of Grey.
It was produced by Quentin Tarantino.
It is considered a historical period drama as well as romance.
Yes, I do. Adventure is a thriller, but I would also recommend War of the Worlds.
You're welcome!
It is written by Charlaine Harris and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Oh, I like her too. Did you know she is also a film producer? She was in both of those movies.
Sorry, I don't have any other recommendations by him.
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, I am. He's directed the wonderful film, The Sworn Sword. Have you seen it?
It is considered a drama and a crime drama. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Yes she was. You should check it out.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes. Did you know that it was written by John Green?
I think he also wrote The Fault in Our Stars, which is a great sci-fi film
The Fault in Our Stars was released in 2008
Max Brooks is a sci-fi flim. Do you like sci-fi?
It was released in 2004. Anything else I can help you with?
Sure thing! I hope you enjoy it!
Glad to help.
Sure! He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, Woman in Gold, and Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen.
You should check it out. It's a thriller.
I hope you like them. They are very good.
Yes I do, he wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban and the genre Young-adult fiction
Sure, do you like it because it is a fantasy or a crime fiction?
Well, you might like The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars.
Yes, he did write it, are you interested in this genre?
Did you like because Tom Cruise is in it or because it was a Action/Adventure movie?
Well, if you are into Tom Cruise action movies you should check out Days of Thunder with Tom Cruise.
You are welcome.
Your welcome. Goodbye.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he's a pretty good actor. Did you know he starred in Friends with Benefits?
Yes, he did have a few of them. Did you know he is also a musician?
I do like dramas. Did you know Jesse Eisenberg also wrote The Social Network?
Yes it was written by Ian Fleming and Ian Fleming. It was a spy and adventure film.
If you like action films, you might also enjoy War of the Worlds. Are you familiar with that one?
Yes, it is also a film. If you like Robert Redford, I recommend it.
He is a good soccer player. He plays at Manchester DC. Do you like soccer?
Yes, I believe Manchester United F.C is coached by Ryan Giggs
You're welcome!
O Alquimista was written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988. That's the same year as The Alchemista. Have you read that?
Paulo Coelho wrote The Alchemist. Have you read that?
No, Onze minutos is written by Paulo Coelho and was released in 1843
He starred in movies such as Turbulence, The Mist and The Green Mile. Have you heard of these movies?
Yes, she did. Did you know she also starred in The Mists of Avalon?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he plays for the Germany national football team.
The Kansas City Chiefs are a AFC West National Footbal league team. Are you a fan?
I love watching football. I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. What about you?
The Redskins is a great football team, so I'm not a huge fan of them! What is your favorite team?
Yes, The invention of wings is a book and also a movie. It was written by William Weaver and released in the same year.
The Last Samurai is written by Marshall Hersokovitz starring Yuki Matsuzaki. Are you a fan of Japanese films?
Yes, he is. Do you like movies starring Keir Dullea?
He was also in The Perfect Storm which is a really good movie.
Another one with Andy Garcia is You've Got Mail. It's a romantic comedy.
I'm glad I could help, I hope you enjoy it!
They are ok. Didn't they lose Super Bowl XLVII?
I have not seen that movie, isn't it good? What genre is it?
Yes, I have. He was also in Jerry Maguire, I think you would like that one too.
I like rom-coms. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan though.
He directed the War Film, Battleship. Have you seen it yet?
It is a fantasy adventure film. Do you like that kind of movie?
You're welcome.
It was written by R.J. Palacio. Are you familiar with this author?
Yes, Wonder was written by R.J. Palacio and was released in 2014. Are you interested in hearing about other books that came out that year?
Yes, that's correct
I'm not sure but I can give you other books written by Jeff VanderMeer
Your welcome
Bill Murray starred in Zombieland. Have you seen that?
I am not sure, but I know it was written by Jay Asher
She is an author who wrote The Scarlet Letter. Have you read it?
She wrote The Princess and the Frog.
It is a romantic drama.
It was written in 1850
Have you heard of Wicked Lovely? It was also written by J.K. Rowling.
Persuasion is written by Jane Austen and was released in 1817.
Persuasion, Sense and Sensibility, Sense and Sensibility, Persuasion and Mansfield Park.
If you liked romance, you might also enjoy Persuasion or Emma.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, he starred in The Pacifier, a crime fiction film, and The Fugitive.
Tower Heist has a genre of Historical period drama and comedy. Would you like to know more about this movie?
Tower Heist is a drama and a comedy. Do you like comedies?
I do not have any other information about Tower Heist. Can I help you with anything else?
She wrote нна аренина and was released in 1869. Have you heard of them?
Yes, she also wrote Russian, is that the information that I have in English?
No problem, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it's a great movie starring Orlando Bloom, Billy Boyd, and Bernard Hill. Do you like the Lord of The Rings?
Oh yes! Orlando Bloom starred in that comedy film, The Good Doctor, and Troy.
The Memory Keeper's daughter original language is English
I like Novels like The Lake of Dreams and The Secrets of a Fire King, have you read those?
I am unsure of that information, would you like me to add to your reading list?
Snow Crash is a Speculative fiction book written by Neal Stephenson. Do you like his books?
Sure! Chris Evan has starred in What's Your Number?, The Perfect Score, and The Nanny Diaries. Have you seen any of those?
Chris Evans also starred in What's Your Number. he also starred in The Nanny Diaries.
I'm not sure what year it was released, but Tika Sumpter also starred in Zero Dark Thirty
You're welcome.
The Great Gatsby is a novel and The Chosen and The Affair are similar to it.
Yes, Ernest Hemingway wrote that as well. He also wrote The Ground Beneath Her Feet.
Enjoy your reading!
You're welcome
Sure! He is a tennis player. He played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
I don't know much about Stan Wawrinka. I know he was also in the 2012 Olympics, but he played in the 2012 Olympics.
I'm not sure, but he lost to Roger Federer who was in the 2012 Olympics.
Running with Scissors is written by Roger Zelazny. Do you like books he wrote?
A Wolf at the Table was released in 2011. It's genre is self-help, science fiction.
You're not sure about that. There's no other information about it. There's no other information about it.
Enjoy!
Are you interested in any books written by Jared Diamond or authors?
It's more of a historical fiction, but also historical fiction. You like that?
Terry Pratchet wrote it, and it is a fiction novel.
He wrote My Soul to Take, where is starring Emily Meade and Frank Grillo
Yes, Wes Craven wrote My Soul to Take, where is starring Emily Meade and Frank Grillo
Yes he did, he also starred in The Shaggy Dog. Have you seen it?
You're welcome! Hope you enjoy it.
Of course! Anne Rice wrote Vittorio the Vampire and Violin.
Yes, she did write Frankenstein. Are you a fan of thrillers?
Yes she did. She also wrote The Titan's Curse, The Son of Sobek and The Red Pyramid.
Sure, have you read The Absolute Sandman, Volume One?
I would recommend Neverwhere by Gaiman and it is listed in the genre of Fantasy and Children's Literature.
Glad to help!
I can recommend a book by Lois Lowry called The Patriot. It was also turned into a movie.
It's considered a satire and a romance film. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 1990.
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio and F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like to know more about films starring F. Scott Fitzgerald?
Sure, he directed Moon, Warcraft, and Source Code.
Moon starred Jamie Lee Curtis and Marc John Jefferies.
It's a suspense, adventure film.
Yes, I do. The Minnesota Vikings are coached by Mike Zimmer and a part of the NFC North.
I'm not a huge fan of the Seattle Seahawks, but I do know they were runner up in Super Bowl XLI
I'm glad I was able to help you out, what do you think about the Seahawks or the Seahawks?
I've been to a live game and never been to a football game.
Do you like Indiana Jones or the Last Crusade because it was written by George Lucas?
John Savage
He also directed Apocalypse Now
Yes, it was written by Tony Gilroy and Robert Ludlum starring Matt Damon and Josh Brolin
Yes, he also starred in The Mists of Avalon and The Green Hornet. Have you seen them?
I have not seen it yet. Anything else I can help you with?
Do you like the author J.R.R Tolkien? He wrote the same book as the Hobbit.
Yes, J.R.R. also wrote Unfinished Tales of Nmenor and Middle-Earth
Yes, it is a great movie, isn't it? You may also like Mirror Mirror.
It starred Richard Portnow and Janet Jackson. Would you like to know more?
He was also in Green Zone which is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome.
The Lightning Thief was written by Rick Riordan. Are you a fan of Young-adult fiction?
Yes, I do. The Percy Jackson Series was also written by Rick Riordan and the next in the series is The Titan's Curse.
It's a Historical novel, so that's quite a different genre you might like.
I'm glad I could help. Hope you enjoy it!
She starred in Mad Max: Fury Road and Dumb and Dumber.
I am not sure if she wrote any movies she's starred in. Are you interested in either of those?
I do not have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Inception was written by Christopher Nolan who also wrote The Dark Knight.
Yes, Christopher Nolan also wrote The Prestige.
For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway. Are you looking for more books in this genre?
Yes. He also wrote To Have and Have Not and The Sun Also Rises.
Absolutely! I hope you enjoy them.
Yes he starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
Deadpool also stars Stefan Kapicic, Stefan Kapicic, and Stefan Kapicic
Deadpool is a comedy
Lebron James is a great Athlete. Doesn't he play point guard?
Yes, it's a great suspense movie. Do you like suspense?
That's interesting. Did you know he was born in Los Angeles?
The Fault in Our Stars was written by John Green, who also wrote Paper Towns and Looking for Alaska.
The Fault in Our Stars was written by John Green, who also wrote Paper Towns and Looking for Alaska.
Have you read 'The Fault in Our Stars'' ?
It was written by Ernest Hemingway, who also wrote Paper Towns
Enjoy!
Sure! He starred in Your Highness, Palo Alto and Whatever It Takes (romantoc comedy genre)
Whatever It Takes stars Gerard Butler and its considered a romantic comedy. Does that interest you?
It was released in 2010.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes I do! She wrote The Bonesetter's Daughter. Are you familiar with that?
Yes, it's a fiction novel. Have you heard of Divergent?
Yes it is, have you read Wuthering Heights?
Yes, he starred in The Apostle. Have you seen it?
It starred Harrison Ford. Are you familiar with Robert Duvall's work?
I'm not sure, but Robert Duvall also starred in it.
It's a historical period drama. Does that interest you?
You're welcome!
Yes. Mark Waters directed The Red Pony which is a comedy.
Tobey Maguire was also in that movie. Do you like her?
It is considered a historical period drama as well as a comedy as well.
You are welcome
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen, she also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
Sure! Jane Austen wrote Sense and Sensibility, Pride and Prejudice, and Sense and Sensibility, Sense and Sensibility, and Pride and Prejudice, as well as Emma.
She wrote White Oleander as well as Paint it Black. Have you read those?
White Oleander was released in 2003 and is a Young Adult Fiction. Paint It Black was released in 2011.
You're welcome.
Akira Kurosawa passed away in 1954. Do you like his films?
He starred in The Art of War. Have you seen that one?
Seven Samurai starred Toshirô Mifune, Takashi Shimura, and Daisuke Kato.
I'll send it right to you.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was directed by Steve Kloves.
Yes, he wrote Les Miserables didn't he?
That's right! He also wrote The Invisible Man.
Oh he did that's right! It's a classic!
That's right! He also wrote The Tragedy of Othello, The Moor of Venice as well.
Once Upon a Time in the West is a western film similar to Once Upon a Time in the West.
Shane has written a lot of thrillers, do you like thrillers?
You are welcome!
Sure thing! Jodi Picoult wrote Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts. Have you read those books?
The Storyteller is a fantasy. You might also like The Fault in Our Stars or The Pact.
You're welcome.
Yes, Charles Dickens is a great author! He wrote The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club and Oliver Twist. Have you read either of those?
Charles Dickens also wrote A Christmas Carol, Oliver Twist, and Oliver Twist.
Yes he did! That's a great book. He also wrote A Tale of Two Cities, have you read it?
That's right! It was made into a play! It's a classic!
Glad I could help!
He is a basketball player who plays point guard. Are you a basketball fan?
Not really. However, I'm more of a baseball fan
I like to watch football. I'll start with the Rockets
I haven't. I'll have to look it up. I'm glad they are doing well this season.
I do! Did you like it because it starred Samuel L. Jackson or because it was a Romance?
Yes, he also directed Pacific Rim and Pan's Labyrinth. Have you seen either of those?
No, Hellboy is more of a sci-fi movie. If you like sci-fi, you might also like Space Jam.
Atlas Shrugged is written by Leonard Peikoff and Ayn Rand. Are you interested in science fiction books?
Yes, he wrote We Are The Living, The Art of Asking, and Ayn Rand. Would you like to know more?
We The Living was released in 1957, and it also has genre Science Fiction. Have you read it?
If I Stay is a good book, I would recommend The Fault in Our Stars, or The Last Airbender. Both are great books.
Yes, How about Alice's Adventures in Wonderland or Wildwood Dancing?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy the books!
Glad to help. Enjoy the books!
Mark Osborne starred in Kung Pow: Enter the Fist and The Little Prince.
Yes, he starred in Kung Fu Panda 2 also starring Seth Rogan and Frank Grillo.
Seth Rogan also starred in The Handmaid's Tale and The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
That's great! He's also in The Osbourning, The Rules of Attraction, and The Little Prince.
Are you interested in other books written by James Patterson or other author James Patterson?
Sure, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
It is, it is also considered a historical novel. You might enjoy it.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy them.
I am not a huge basketball fan but I do know that they are located in Oakland. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure. I'm more of a baseball fan. What's your favorite team?
Not really. I am more of a baseball fan. What is your favorite team?
I like football. What's your favorite team?
He is a cricket player from Dehli. Are you a fan?
Yes. Tom Brady plays for the New England Patriots.
Yes, Bridget Moynahan starred in Coyote Ugly.
Sure, John Boyne wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas and The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read those?
It's considered children's literature, and was released in 1982. A very good read.
It was released in 1843. A classic written in 1838.
Glad I could help. Hope you enjoy them!
It was written by Tony Gilroy and Tamara Tunie played a starring role.
Yes he did and also starred in it, it was written by Tony Gilroy
It was released in 1996
You're welcome!
Divergent is in the genres Science Fiction and Dystopia. Do you like those genres?
The Hunger Games is a young adult fiction film like The Giver, The Matrix Revolutions, and The Hunger Games.
Sure Besides Elle s'appelait Sarah, Tatiana de Rosney wrote Boomerang.
Yes, it was released in 2014. Did you like books released in this year ?
Yes, she did write Pretty Little Liars, which is speculative fiction.
You're welcome.
She wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is a good one. Have you heard of it?
She was born in London, United States.
Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I like them too! Have you heard any of them from my hometown team?
Yes he does, he also plays the guitar.
Yes it is a good show as well!
Yes, Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline and was released in 2013. Are you a fan of Christina Baker Kline?
I am not sure, but she also wrote Bird in Hand :A Novel and A Piece of the World.
She also wrote Bird in Hand, and A Piece of the World.
Glad to help
Do you like L.A. because it is a Thriller or because it is a thriller?
Kevin Spacey starred in Beyond the Sea. Have you seen that movie?
It's considered a historical fiction.
You're welcome.
Yes I do. J.J. Cohen starred in Back to the Future.
Yes. There are a lot of great Adventure movies like Back to the Future with Lea Thompson and Titan A.E.
Yes, CCH Pounder is an author. He wrote Sense and Sensibility a thriller. Are you into that genre?
Yes, he did, and he also starred in The Clan of the Cave Bear.
Yes, he also starred in Terms of Endearment and When You Reach Me.
Yes, Zodiac is more of a thriller or horror film, but I'm not sure if you've seen it.
You're welcome.
He's great! He starred in Zombieland. Have you seen that?
Yes, you are right. Do you like the Seattle Seahawks?
Not a huge NFL fan but a lot of rivals for the Dallas Cowboys.
Sure thing! Hayao Miyazaki wrote The Silence of the Lambs as well as The Messenger. Have you heard of those movies?
Ponyo starred in the film Elf. Did you know Hayao Miyazaki was also in that film?
It was released in 2005 and directed by Hayao Miyazaki. It also starred William Hurt and Jason Bateman.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy the movies!
The Bourne Identity starred Matt Damon who also starred in The Scarlatti Inheritance.
I love mysteries, I think Matt Damon also wrote The Mists of Avalon which is also a mystery.
LOL! It's a great movie! Who's your favorite actor?
It's a psychological thriller. I think you'll enjoy it!
Of course, I'll play it for you!
Yes, I do. He's a quarterback for the New England Patriots. Do you like him?
I'm not sure if he played for any other teams, but I do know he played for Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
It would be happy to help them!
Sure! Have you seen Hudson Hawk? It is written by Bruce Willis and stars William Devane.
The sequel, The Devil Wears Prada is another popular one by him. Have you seen it yet?
It also stars Ethan Hawke and Teresa Wright. Are you a fan of these actors?
Yes, it is. It is also a Sci-Fi Thriller. You might like that kind of movie.
I'll do that right away!
You're welcome!
Are you a fan of Clint Eastwood, Dreama Walker, and Dreama Walker is an independent film .
Warm Bodies starred Cory Hardrict, and Katherine Heigl. Would you like to know more about it?
Anne Hathaway starred in this movie. Would you like me to recommend another movie with Cory Hardrict?
You are welcome, glad to be of assistance.
Brandon Sanderson wrote Radiance and Warbreaker, have you read those?
It is a warbreaker. If you liked Warbreaker you may also like The Fountainhead. It is a crime fiction.
It was released in 2004
You're welcome
Do you like Tangled because of the genre or the actors?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However if you like Disney movies you should check out The Princess and the Frog or Treasure Planet.
Yes Molly Shannon starred in that movie, along with Anne Hathaway
Ender's Game was written by Terry Pratchett, who also wrote Ultraviolet which is a similar book.
Yes, Orson Scott Card is actually a scientist too. He wrote Xenocide. Are you a fan of science fiction?
Xenocide is also Speculative fiction and is also speculative fiction. Do you like that genre too?
Great, enjoy!
Sure, he directed The Little Prince and Rumble Fish. Have you seen either of those?
He did star in Three Kings
You are welcome
Anthony Daniels starred in The Making of Star Wars with Harrison Ford. Are you familiar with this movie?
He was also a musician in Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi and The Titanic.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
You're welcome. Have a great day!
Forrest Gump starring Tom Hanks was a great movie
Nothing to Lose, You'll Meet a Tall Dark Stranger
Your welcome
That's a great book by Charles Dickens. It was later made into a movie starring Christmas Carol. Are you a Christmas fan?
It's a great movie. Did you know he also starred in The Princess and the Frog or The Lion King?
Yes, The Black Cat is a great one, have you seen it yet?
Speaking of The Black Dahlia, I haven't read Evernight Finger as well.
Happy reading!
That team is owned by Jeffrey Lurie, isn't it?
Yes they weredrafted to the New England Patriots. Are you a fan of them?
I didn't know that. I do know he was drafted too.
I did not know that. I did know he was drafted too.
Watership Down has genre War. Are you a fan of adventure books?
Yes, it is considered speculative fiction and also considered children's literature. Would you like to know more about that?
Yes, it is considered children's literature as well. Another example of that genre is The Sirens of Titan.
The are a pretty good team. Do you follow football much?
They played again in the Titans. Are you a Titans fan?
I would say it was a good one, would you like me to send it to your hometown team?
Sure thing! He is best known for writing the film Troy, which is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Have you heard of Lost Highway starring Frankie and Johnny Depp? It is considered a historical fiction.
It is starring Ryan Reynolds, and is set in Troy. I hope you enjoy it!
Of course, I'll add it to your library now.
Yes, I love that movie! It is an excellent sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
If you like sci-fi, you might also like Zombieland. Have you seen that?
It's a great sci-fi movie. It stars Jennifer Grey, Jason Bateman and John Ratzenberger. It's a great sci-fi movie.
I'll add that one to your list! I'll add it to your list!
It's a Romance starring 50/50. If you like Romance, it's probably worth a watch.
Yes, he was also in The Thin Red Line, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can give you some information on that show if you like.
Do you like books by Nicholas Sparks or the Romance genre?
Nicholas Sparks is the author of this song.
Yes, it's written for the general populace, but not sure if it's a case for teens.
Hes great and has a wonderful wife in Gisele
Well, I'll have to check those out, thank you.
Yes, that's a great movie. I also liked Couples Retreat. Have you seen it?
Are you interested in sci-fi or action films?
Volcano is a great sci fi movie. Is that the genre you want to stay in?
Tommy Lee Jones also starred in the Science Fiction Action Film the Astronauts. Have you seen it yet?
Yes he was in Dante's Peak but I'm not sure about Dante's Peak.
Enjoy the movies
I have not heard of it. I heard it was good. I think it was good. I enjoyed it. Eric Stolen was great in that movie. Is it a psychological thriller?
He has also starred in Wreck-It-Ralph and The Final Destination
Great, one of my favorites is Shark Night. Shark Night is a thriller that he was in
Sure, he starred in Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi and The Greatest. Have you seen either of those?
Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home is a science fiction movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
The Voyage Home stars Walter Koeing and Walter Koeing and is a comedy. Would you like to hear more about the stars in this film?
You're welcome!
Great, have a good day!
Inside Man is a thriller starring Denzel Washington. Do you like thrillers?
Have you seen the movie X-Men or The Man from U.N.C.?
You are welcome.
Yes, Cesc Fabregas is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Premier League club Chelsea and the Spain national team.
Oh, that's pretty exciting. It's a sport to follow. Do you like Football?
I don't know much about tennis, but I know he was married to Serena Williams.
They are pretty good. They were runners up in the 2003 NBA Finals.
I don't think so, but I do know that he is also a member of the Brooklyn Nets.
Yes, he did also play for the Oakland Raiders.
Yes it is a thriller starring Christian Bale and Jora Neale Hurston. Are you a fan of this genre?
The Prestige starred Hugh Jackman and Christian Bale as well. Are you a fan of either of those actors?
Yes, I have seen Wild at Heart and Transormers, are you a fan of these movies?
Calvin Harris is a well known DJ that has also wrote some songs like We Found Love, and Dance With Me.
Rita Ora is a dance pop artist. Do you like the genre of it?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, I do. He starred in The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug and The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey.
The Hobbit also stars Peter Jackson and is considered a Fantasy/Comedy/Fantasy genre
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Added to your Queue.
OK. Glad to help.
He is a shooting guard. Do you like basketball?
Yes, he's a good player. Did you know he won the NBA All Rookie Team?
Yes, i believe he plays for the Los Angeles Lakers
It was directed by George Lucas, are you interested in other movies in that genre?
Yes, Shia LaBeouf also starred in Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull
Yes, Zombieland is a good movie
You're welcome
Yes, I do! Crescendo is a romance novel written by Joel Coen. Are you a fan of those?
She also wrote Hush Hush and Silence. Both are young-adult fiction novels.
You should check it out. I hope you enjoy it.
Sure, The Maze Runner was written by James Dashner who also wrote The Scorch Trials and The Kill Order.
The Scorch Trials is starring Rosa Salazar, Lili Tayl, and Ki Hong.
Enjoy.
Sure. Jake Gyllenhaal starred in End of Watch starring Tom Hanks. Have you seen this movie yet?
Perhaps you would like something similar with the actors like The Prince of Persia, or The Red Pony.
Yes, The Day After Tomorrow is a good film as well, which is a action/adventure film as well.
Yes, he directed friends with Benefits. Justin Timberlake starred in it.
Annie stars Shelley Duvall, Woody Harrelson, and Judith Godreche
I'm not sure what other movies he's in, but Will Gluck also starred in Annie
The Notebook was written by Nicholas Sparks who also wrote The Notebook.
Yes, you are correct! He wrote Message in a Bottle and Dear John. Have you read those?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Nicholas Sparks was a writer who wrote Message in Bottle.
Yes Mr. Pricklepants is the author of Message in the blfuence.
Yes, it was written by Jeffrey DeMunn. He was also a teacher as well.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, Twilight: The Complete Illustrated Movie Companion is written by Stephanie Meyer and it's a great read.
It's a romance novel that was released in 2007.
You're welcome!
Sure, are you interested in other books by the same author or books in the same genre?
Are you referring to Chris Bigsby who wrote The Crucible?
Yes, he also wrote The Crucible, have you read it?
He also wrote The Crucible, which is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure! The Vow and The Importance of Being Earnest are also written by him.
The Denver Broncos are a pretty good team. They lost Super Bowl XL though.
Not sure about them, but they were runner up in Super Bowl XLVII. You like the Patriots?
They're looking good this year, especially having a rough season. They're 4 games behind the 1st place Patriots. They'll have to lose it, though.
Lolita wrote The Sweet Far Thing, The Sweet Far Thing, and The Eighty-Four
It was written in 2012
I hope you enjoy it.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I love his music. Did you know he starred in Friends with Benefits?
Yes, Jessica Biel also starred in What Happened to Goodbye. That is a good one.
No, but I've heard it's funny. You should check it out.
Both were written by J.K. Rowling. They were released in 2016. She also wrote a book called The Silkworm.
She also wrote The Casual Vacancy, The Silkworm, and The Silkworm.
The Silkworm was released in 2014 and is in the genre fantasy. Do you like fantasy books?
That's a great autobiography. Do you like that genre? It's part of a series.
It was released in 1961, it was written by Walter McCourt and released in Las Vegas. It was actually turned into a film.
Both were written by J.K. Rowling. They were released in 2016.
The Casual Vacancy was also written by J.K. Rowling.
I'm not sure. Anything else I can help you with right now?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
No problem, I hope you enjoy it!
Total Recall has a genre of thriller and science fiction. Would you like recommendations for other films in that genre?
Yes he plays for the France national football team. I don't follow football.
I like Basketball. What is your favorite team?
I have a lot of information on that? I don't have a lot of information about Beckham.
I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the information.
I'll have to watch that one. Thanks for the information.
Inception is starring Michael Gaston. Michael Gaston starred in Sudden Death
Yes, that's correct. I believe she also starred in The Virgin Queen.
Enigma was released in 2014. Christopher Nolan also starred in it.
Of course, I hope you enjoy it!
Rob Reiner is an author he wrote This Is Spinal Tap.
Absolutely! He also directed The Mechanic and The Bone Collector.
He produced This is the End which was written by Rob Reiner.
Your welcome.
Yes. Jamie Ford wrote Songs of Willow Frost. Have you heard of it?
They are fiction. If you like fiction I would suggest Witches Abroad.
You are welcome.
She has a great voice. Did you know Selena Gomez was in Princess Protection Program? She's also good.
I'm not sure, but Selena Gomez was also in Spring Breakers.
It's a really good one. Vanessa Hudgens is a great singer and actress.
Do you like Michael Parks because it is a thriller?
They were runner-ups to the 1986 & 1986 World Series. Are you a baseball fan?
I am not a baseball fan but I do find it interesting that Tom Werner, the owner of the Red Sox, produced the Boston Red Sox. Are you a baseball fan?
It is a very popular sport in the U.S. I believe it is the most famous team in the American League East. Are you a baseball fan?
I think he is a great golfer, do you follow golf?
Im not sure about him. Is he one of the greatest golfers of all time?
That's interesting, did you know Phil Mickelson is from Dallas?
Yes, The Hurt Locker is starring Kathryn Bigelow
Yes he did, he also starred in Thor as well. Do you like his work?
It also stars Evangeline Lilly and is considered a tragedy.
Of course, I think you'll enjoy it!
I know they are part of the NFC West. They are owned by Bill Bidwill.
They moved to Arizona from New Orleans, I believe.
Who is your favorite team?
I don't know a lot about him. Is he a soccer player?
I didn't know that, I know he's also a Manchester United fan. Are you a Manchester United fan?
I like football, football, football, and baseball. What about you?
Unfortunately i have not read the book or heard of Gabriel Garcia Marquez the author.
Sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Debora Smith wrote .
Yes, it is written in English.
Along Came a Spider was written by James Patterson, who also wrote What Do You Do
Yes, it is also a thriller and was released in 2012. Are you a fan of suspense?
Steve Reevis wrote it and it was released in 2012.
You're welcome!
Yes, I am a fan of Atonement. It was written by Ian McEwan and Christopher Hampton. It is a great book. Have you seen it?
I'd recommend What Lies Beneath that is in the War genre and is also in the War genre.
If you are into Tragicomedy, you might also enjoy Apocalypse Now. It is considered a Tragicomedy.
Sure! He starred in Surviving Picasso and Smilla's Sense of Snow.
Ok, a great horror film you may enjoy is Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee and Kyla Pratt.
Sure, some of the actors are Zombieland, Jeremy Renner, and George Clooney. Are you a fan of any of these actors?
You're welcome, I'm happy to help!
Sure! Did you enjoy Snow Flower and the Secret Fan because it was written by Lisa Lee or because it was an adventure film?
It's considered a historical fiction and children's literature.
It was a classic, I think you'll really enjoy it!
I didn't know that! I've heard that she's a good athlete that plays for the Mumbai Indians. Is that your favorite sport?
That's true. Did you know that they also starred Reese Witherspoon, who also starred with them.
Yes it is. It was written by William Golding. If you like his work, you might also enjoy The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark.
I agree. I love Romeo and Juliet, but I also like The Merchant of Venice. You should check it out.
No, she's not. If you liked her play, you might also enjoy A Midsummer Night's Dream.
Sense and Sensibility was written by Jane Austen and is a romance novel. Do you like Jane Austen?
Yes Sense and Sensibility was also written by Jane Austen
I think he's a great singer and song writer. What's your favorite song of him?
Yes, I think she is a great actress. Did you know she was also a musician?
Did you know he also starred in The Muppets and the Incredible Hulk?
The Aviator is starring Leonardo DiCaprio and Frances Conroy. Are you a fan?
It also starred Leonardo DiCaprio, who also starred in Titanic.
He was also in The Last Days of Discipline. Anything else I can answer for you?
No problem! I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, he directed Red Hook Summer and Summer of Sam. Have you seen either of those?
It is, Jennifer Esposito is also in it. It is a romance film that was made into a movie.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
She wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Would either of those interest you?
It is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
The Swan Thieves is in the genre of Speculative fiction and Drama.
Yes, I would send it to you
Yes. He is a golf player from England. Do you like golf?
yes i love golf. what is your favorite sport?
i didnt know that. what sports do you like to watch?
i really like basketball. what sports do you like?
i have ever been to a professional boxing game live, I am so glad I was able to see it live!
i'm a huge football fan. what do you think about him?
I am not a huge football fan but I do know they are owned by Bill Bidwill
Georgia Dome is a wide receiver for the Falcons.
Yeah, the New England Patriots, aren't doing too well this year?
I would recommend Un di Velt Hot Geshvign by Marion Wiesel as well.
I have not, but Un di Velt Hot Geshvign was released in 1958 and is written in English.
Yes, Un di Velt Hot Geshvign was released in 1958. That was the same year as Un di Velt Hot Geshvign.
Ethan Suplee starred in Vulgar
Ethan Suplee also starred in Man on Wire and Unstoppable. Do either of those interest you?
Yes he was. William Scott also starred in The Titans. Is that a thriller?
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy.
Yes. They work under multiple labels including Warner Music, Universal Music, Warner Music, and Universal Music.
Yes Gwyneth Paltrow is friends with Gwyneth Paltrow.
I don't have any idea. Can you tell me anything else?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
They are a pretty good team, but I like their coach Tom Brady. Are you a Patriots fan?
Yes, it is! Do you like any other teams?
Well, hopefully it will be playing the Red Skins today. Thanks for the information!
That's interesting! Thanks for all the information!
Terry George directed Hotel Rwanada. Have you seen it?
I am not sure. He also wrote another great movie called The Sandman: Worlds' End.
Hotel Rwanda is an historical drama.
Enjoy!
Beatrix Potter wrote The Tale of Peter Rabbit.
It was released in 2013. It has genres drama, comedy, and adventure. Do you like that genre?
Yes. Beatrix Potter has a profession, as well as a writer, screenwriter, and television producer.
You're welcome. Do you need any other information?
Yes, it was written by Frank Darabont and it is in the suspense genre.
He has also starred in Wolverine, an animation and a science fiction film.
The Turbo is a sci-fi action film. If you like those types of movies you should check it out.
It is a romantic comedy. Would you like to know more about it?
That's correct. It's considered a romance as well.
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland was written by Tim Burton. Have you seen it?
Lewis Carroll wrote The Crucible. anything else i can answer for you?
Glad I could help. Anything else I can help you with today?
You are welcome. Anything else I can help with today?
The Incredibles is written by Brad Bird. Brad Bird starred in Ratatouille. what else can i answer for you?
The Incredibles was written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer and Little Women.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Billie Jean is also starred in Ratatouille.
Yes, he is an American professional basketball player for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
I'm more of a football fan. What about you?
I do! Football is my favorite team, and I love the Buffalo Bills.
I like Basketball. What is your favorite team?
I like the New England Patriots, but I'm not a big fan of the Dodgers.
Yes, I love that movie. It is written by Jim Uhls and stars Edward Norton. Have you seen it?
Yes, she's a singer-songwriter who appeared on American Idol. Do you like her music?
Did you know she is friends with Taylor Swift, I think?
Yes, she does have a good voice, I think that's what kind of genre you like. I'm a fan of dancers, do you like dancers?
I'll have to check those out, thank you!
Hot Fuzz is a comedy starring Jim Carrey. Are you a fan of comedy films?
Shooter is a Thriller similar to Shooter, are you into Thriller movies?
Shooter is a thriller, so you might enjoy The Inception, or The House of Mirth.
Rum Diary stars Johnny Depp, Rosario Dawson, and Donnie Wahlberg to name a few
Glad to help!
I've not really followed him much in Golf, but I do know that he is a golfer from Dallas. Do you like golf?
What do you think of Tiger Woods?
I haven't acted in a movie yet, but I do know that Jordan Alexander Spieth is a professional golfer from Dallas, Texas.
Serenity is starring Naomi Watts and Emma Stone. Do you like her movies?
You're welcome. I'd recommend Sleepy Hollow, a romance film.
You're welcome.
It is also a Sci-Fi film. It's also considered a horror, sci-fi film.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, he wrote The Sorcerer's Apprentice and A Very Long Engagement. Are you a fan of his work?
It was a great movie. Michael Gondry also starred in Be Kind Remind. Do you like his movies?
Yes, Maroon 5 is a member of many people. Would you like to know some members?
I like their music , I also like Falling Love
Okay, I'll have to check them out, thanks for the recommendation
Yes, I do. Did you know he was in The Wiz? It's one of my favorite movies.
I didn't know that. Are you a fan of adventure films?
I will have to check it out. Thanks!
He plays on the Argentina national football team
How are they doing this season? I am not a fan
I do not know if he's on the team, but I know he was a defensive back as well.
Yes, Shrek is written by Mike Myers who also wrote Monsters vs. Aliens
Yes, do you like this movie because it stars Noah Huntley or Megan Burns?
It has a great cast. Jake Gyllenhaal is one of the main actors that stars in this movie.
You're welcome.
Sure, Lea Thompson starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Wild Life.
The Wild Life was starring Lea Thompson and Frank Faye. Are you a fan of thrillers?
Randy Quaid played in Wild Life. He is a great actor. Have you seen any of his movies?
Yes, she wrote Hush Hush and Silence and Hush. Both are great novels.
Some of her other books include Silence and Hush, Hush
I believe it's more of a fantasy novel
You're welcome
Yes, it was written by Emily Blunt and directed by Milos Forman.
He also directed The Simpsons Movie and Cast Away
I'm not sure who starred in Monsters, Inc. But it is written by Jim Sturgess
You're welcome
Gore Verbinski wrote Rango, Rango, and Rango. Have you heard of those films?
It is a crime fiction film released in 2007. Do you like those kinds of films?
Yes, Rango is an action film. Do you like action films?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Would you like to hear other movies in that genre?
Ride Along has a genre of Adventure and Action film. Do you like those genres?
You are welcome.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Larry Crowne is a great comedy movie you might like
Yes, I do! She wrote A Little Princess, which is a great book. Have you read it?
That's a great one. You should check it out!
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins, who also wrote Gregor and the Marks of Secret.
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
She wrote Mansfield Park. Have you heard of it?
Mansfield Park is an historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
Mansfield Park is a romance novel, I haven't read it, but I have heard it's a good one.
I believe that is a murder mystery, but I haven't read a mystery yet.
Definitely! I love the movie Murder on the Orient Express. Didn't it star Drew Barrymore?
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
I believe it is a non-fiction genre.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Les visiteurs and Amélie are good ones. Have you seen these?
Amelie is a crime fiction action film released in French. It also stars Ralph Fiennes and Frank Finlay.
You're welcome. Jean-Pierre Jeunet also starred in Mad Max, which is a Historical period drama.
I do! He composed We Rode in Trucks and Someone Else Calling You Baby which are one of my favorites.
Yes, he is fromsburg. Are you a fan of his?
He is with the United States of America and has won several awards over his years
Great actor! He starred in The Young Lions and The Wild One. Have you seen either of those?
Well, Viva Zapata also starred in Who's That Chick, It's a Wonderful Life, and A Little Princess.
I'd recommend It's a drama. It's also considered a drama.
I do, he's a great player. I'm a fan of the Buffalo Bills. How about you?
Yes I am a fan
Yes he did it was the NBA All-Rookie Team
He also won the NBA All-Rookie Team
Mervryn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde and was influenced by J.J. Abrams.
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was original tale.
I don't have that information. However, I can tell you that Vladimir Nabokov also wrote A Modest Proposal, which is a thriller.
Sure, he wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that one?
It was directed byigi Pistilli, who also starred in Machine Gun McCain
Yes she was, she also starred in The Bounty Hunter which is a thriller and was released in 2011.
You're welcome!
Yes, I can recommend a couple of suggestions. What's your favorite genre?
That's a great movie, actually. Did you know it was written by Tim Robbins?
I know he starred in The Slaughterhouse-Five. Did you know that Marc John Jefferies also starred in it?
Ok, you'll like it. Its on your way.
Yes Gabourey Sidibe has a lot of weight loss. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The sequel to The Dark Knight is Batman Begins.
Yes, How about Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade? which is comedy and fantasy.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
It was a blockbuster and it was released in 2007.
i hope you enjoy it. anything else
The complete Anne of green gables, blue castle and the Rilla of Ingleside. Want to know more?
It was released in 1856. You are going to like it.
The Mists of Avalon was also released in 1926.
Christopher Meloni starred in Wet Hot American Summer. anything else i can answer for you?
Then you might also like The Warrior's Way, it's a good one.
Along with Christopher Meloni, he also stars in Rodanthe.
You're welcome!
It was written by Stephen King. It was also written by Stephen King.
Yes he did. It is a crime fiction film. Did you like the Shawshank Redemption movie?
I highly recommend it. The Mist, The Green Mile, and The Green Mile are some of my favorites.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
He sang Love is Gone and Night of Your Life. Have you heard those songs?
Yes, I do like his music. He has a lot of talent in his songs, like Wild Ones, Who's That Chick, and Don't Go Breaking My Heart
I like some of his stuff. He's a great songwriter as well. He has some good songs like You Love Me. Do you have a favorite one?
I like him too. He's a great songwriter too.
The Interview was written by Cyrus Nowrasteh which also directed The Young Messiah.
It is a psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
Its a great film. have you seen it yet?
You're welcome have a great day
It was a comedy starring Seth Rogen and Katherine Heigl. Do you like that kind of movie?
It was released in 2004. That is the same year that Knocked Up was released.
Yes, Ray Romano also starred in Funny People 2 and 3rd Rock From The Sun.
You're welcome!
Paul Pogba is a Midfielder and he is a midfielder.
Yes that's correct. That was the same year that Wildcats was released.
I do like football. What is your favorite team?
Yea, he actually wrote that. Speaking of Ryan Griggs, I know he also plays Midfielder.
Yes, he is one of my favorite singers. He was in Animal Kingdom: Let's go Ape. Have you seen it?
It is a romance film. Do you like romance films?
I'm not sure, Spike Lee directed that film, did you know he also directed The Hate Me, which is a comedy.
Sue Monk Kidd wrote The Shinning. Are you a fan of fiction novels?
I do not have that information but did you know Carl Jung was born in Saginaw. Are you familiar with her work?
Yes, Wilhelm Reich is from the United States.
Yes, she starred in The Poisonwood Bible and The Lacuna. Are you interested in a particular genre?
It is a Historical novel, similar to The Tales of Beedle the Bard.
Zoe's Tale is a historical novel written and directed by John Scalzi and was released in 2008.
You're welcome.
I love her music. She starred in Camp Rock and Princess Protection Program. Are you a fan?
Yes, he did. Did you know he also starred in Larry Crowne?
Yes, Tommy Chong also starred in it. I highly recommend it.
Dead to the World was written by Charlaine Harris who also wrote Be Kind Rewind.
Then I highly recommend Dead to the World. It is Speculative fiction, as well as Speculative fiction and mystery.
Trunk Music is a drama. It was written by Kathryn Bigelow starring Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it.
Sure, Quantum of Solace was written by Richard Matheson. Matheson starred in this movie as well as The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
Skyfall is a historical period drama
I also like thrillers, have you seen Shark Night? It is a thriller
It sure is! I hope you enjoy it!
I'm not a huge football fan but I do know they were coached by Mike Zimmer.
Oh, I didn't know that. So, I'm not a big fan of theirs, but I'm a fan of their coach, Mike Zimmer.
They were runner ups to Super Bowl XIX and XIX.
Yes, it's a great movie starring Stephen Baldwin, Kevin Spacey, and Peter Greene. Do you like movies with those actors?
I do like thrillers. Shark Night is a thriller. It is also a thriller.
Yes, I have seen Unfinished Business. It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I do like hip hop. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
I like Rock. I'm a big fan of that genre. What is your favorite rock band?
Yes he was. I'm not sure about that. I'm more of a fan of his.
Yes, it was written by John Green. Are you interested in other books by him?
I have not read that one. Did you know that is also a young adult fiction?
You're welcome!
Of course, I know that TRON Legacy is an action packed adventure film. Do you like adventure films?
Olivia Wilde also starred in Year One
Working Girl is a romantic comedy, also starring Anne Hathaway
No problem!
Frank McCourt wrote Teacher Man. Have you read it?
It's a sports genre. You should check it out.
I'd love to! Los Angeles is a great family film. My favorite team is the Dodgers.
You're welcome!
It's a great adventure movie. Do you like Adventure movies?
He also starred in Magic Mike. Have you seen that movie?
I don't have that information.
Your welcome.
Are you interested in other books by this author or books in the same genre?
She has a great voice. Do you like her music?
Yes, she's a great singer. Did you know she won the award for Best Actor?
Oh yes she is a good actress too. I'm guess you'd love to watch it again
Yes, she did have a voiceover role in that movie. It was released in 2016
Great, I hope you enjoy it.
It came out in 2001 and written by J.R.R Tolkien
That's true, it was written in the same series as Lord of the Rings.
The Rock was released in 1996. Movies similiar to The Rock is Eagle Eye, and Wild side.
Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt and Joshua Leonard. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, that's correct. Do you need any other information about the movie?
He plays for the Colombia national football team. He plays as a forward. Do you like him?
Yes, I am. My favorite team is the San Diego Chargers.
He plays Midfielder, and he is a midfielder.
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
Some other movies in that genre include Zombieland and Wolverine.
You're welcome.
Harold Ramis wrote Groundhog Day which stars Bill Murray, have you seen it?
It stars Billie Whitelaw and Jason Bateman. Do you like Jason Bateman?
Yes, Groundhog Day is a romantic comedy, starring Bill Murray. You should check it out.
Kuriyama starred in quite a few films actually, ranging from Kill Bill Vol. 1&2 to The Sky Crawlers as well as Battleship. Do you like horror films?
I'm not sure what year it was released, but The Sky Crawlers came out in 1994. Are you a fan of animation films like that?
I'm not sure what year it was released, but I do know it was directed by Kiera Knightley.
I don't have any other information on that movie, but I can tell you The Great Yoka War is a comedy crime drama. Does that sound interesting to you?
Yes, I can play it for you.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the series The Oz Books, would you be interested in other books in the series?
The most recent one is The Wonderful Wizard of Oz, have you seen it yet?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
I've heard a lot of her songs, but I haven't heard any of them. I am not a big fan of Taylor Swift though.
No, I haven't heard it, is it a classic?
I didn't know she's from Nashville, I believe. I'll have to check her out.
In Cold Blood was written by Truman Capote. He also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Murder by Death.
I did not, but I know it was starred by Truman Capote, have you seen it?
I did not know that, but I know it was filmed in Bangkok Dragons, have you seen it?
Isn't he the one that wrote Would you like to know more about him?
I can tell you that he produced the movie The Fault in Our Stars. Have you heard of it?
It is a Romance and Historical period drama. Do you like those kinds of movies?
You're welcome.
Sorry, I hope that you enjoy it.
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now. But another good sci-fi movie you might like is Inception. Have you seen that movie?
I'm sorry I don't have that information. But he wrote  [Z no shmetsu].
He wrote The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary and The Ugly Truth. Have you read those?
The Ugly Truth : Film Executive Produced: Women in Love
It was released in 1987
your welcome
I don't know much about basketball but I do know he is from Chicago too.
I don't know a lot about basketball, I know he plays point guards. Is he a good player?
I'm guessing he's as good as he was a point guard. I didn't know that.
I've been a fan since they were the runner-ups. Are you a fan of the New York Mets?
Do you know if they are in the NFL or some other teams?
I've been a fan since they were runner-ups in Super Bowl XLVII.
He is a good soccer player, do you like soccer?
I agree. Have you been to a fan of the Seattle Seahawks?
Yeah, I like that movie, it's kind of a family movie, but I really like it, too.
Stephen Sommers wrote Van Helsing a thriller, do you like thrillers?
It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Perhaps you'd like The Mummy. You might also like The Scorpion King or the Adventures of Huck Finn. They're both great!
It's a fantasy, so yes, I'm sure you will like it!
Great, enjoy!
Trainspotting is a crime fiction. Do you like that genre?
Then I would recommend it, it is an Indie Film, have you seen it?
It's a great one, have you seen The Longest Day starring William H. Macy, The House at Pooh Corner or Insurgent?
Yes, it is a great movie starring Robert De Niro. Are you a fan of his movies?
How about Transformers? It's a good one.
It's a good one. It's written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Will Grayson.
Great, I'll add Pound of Flesh to your list.
Sure thing! He wrote Untamed: A House of Night Novel, Redeemed, Tempted, and Tempted.
I'm not sure of those titles, but he also wrote Tempted. I highly recommend it.
Yes it is. Another young adult fiction book you might enjoy is Wicked Lovely.
Wicked Lovely also has a genre of Fantasy. Is that of interest?
Enjoy your reading!
For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway. Would you like more books he wrote?
It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Have you heard of To Have and Have Not? It is also considered a romance as well.
You're welcome.
They are ok, I'm a Patriots fan, but I prefer the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
I'm not a huge fan of the Patriots. They are currently playing in the NFL.
I believe his wife is married to Gisele Bundchen. I guess she will be married to a New England Patriots baby.
The Town was directed by Ben Affleck. Ben Affleck also starred in it.
Edward Scissorhands was the main character
Yes. Eli Craig directed it. Have you seen it?
I hope you like it
I'm sorry, I don't have any similar movies to WALL-E, but Tom Cruise starred in this movie. You might also like Monsters Inc.
Some other great sci-fi movies are Transformers and Vanilla Sky. Did you like that one?
It stars Charlie Hunnam and Bill Paxton. You like War of the Worlds?
He also directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it yet?
Isn't Katy Perry a singer-songwriter? I'm not a huge fan of him. Are you a fan of hers?
No, I didn't know that. That is a great movie, right?
Yes, I do. If you like Russel Brand, you might also like Funny People or Get Him to the Greek.
Starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn, what do you like about it?
I haven't seen that movie, is it good? He also starred in The Pacifier, which is a comedy.
Yes, that was a great movie! Did you know Tony Scott was also in it?
Oh yes, it's a great movie, starring Anne Hathaway and Anne Hathaway. It's a romance/romance and was released in 2004.
Perhaps you would like Larry Crowne, starring Merryl Streep
I do, I'm going to check it out. Thanks for the recommendation.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
X-Men: First Class, X-Men: Apocalypse, and Action.
Of course, Winter's Bone, and The Legend of Zorro are also in that genre.
Jennifer Lawrence, Liam Neeson, and Bruce Willis are the lead in this film.
No problem, I hope you enjoy it.
Thomas E Connolly starred in Zero Dark Thirty, have you heard of it?
Yes, actually. Thomas E. Connolly wrote The Scarlet Letter, have you heard of it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Into the Wild was written by Sean Penn and stars Jena Malone.
Yes, he is. He wrote The Thin Red Line too. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes I love that movie. It was written by Quentin Blake and stars Johnny Depp. Have you seen it?
Yes, I recommend Witches Abroad and Wizard's First Rule. Both are great children's films.
I'll add that to your list. Enjoy!
Yes, Robin Hobb wrote The Mad Ship & The Golden Fool. Are you a fan of adventure novels?
You might like The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars.
Sure, have you read The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars?
You are welcome.
Yes, he wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Importance of Being Earnest.
Yes, it's more of a historical fiction novel as well. It's part of a series. Did you like that?
I know that it was released in 1960.
Great, enjoy!
Yes, Throne of Glass is written by Sarah J. Maas and was released in 2012
Yes, Throne of Glass was released in 2014.
The Assassin's Blade is another good one. It is written by Sarah J Maas
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy them!
She starred in Zero Dark Thirty. Have you seen that one?
Mark Boal wrote Zero Dark Thirty, and he also wrote The Hurt Locker.
I agree, she is a great actress. I think you will enjoy her movie.
He is my favorite football/soccer player. He plays midfielder. Do you watch football?
I don't know much about him, but I know he plays for the Colombia national football team.
Ah, I didn't know she's from Columbia but I know he plays Midfielder.
Sure. Charlie and the Chocolate Factory stars Johnny Depp. Do you like his movies?
He also wrote James and the Giant Peach.
You're welcome!
My favorite team is the Broncos. Who is your favorite team?
Not really. I like the Dallas Cowboys and Patriots. Which is your favorite team?
They are a professional football team based in Oakland, California.
I love Paul Pogba. He plays Midfielder and forward. Do you like either of those?
I like football, football, and baseball. What about you? What kind of sport do you like?
Yes, he was also a coach for Manchester United F.C..
Stephen Covey wrote The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People and also wrote Principle Centered Leadership if you want more recommendations.
He has also written SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling, Patriotic Prostitutes, and Why Suicide Bombers Should Buy Life Insurance
That's the year You Are Not So Smart was released
what else can i answer for you today?
Pacific RIm was released in2013 as a Sci-Fi Adventure starring Larry Joe Campbell and Clifton Collins. what fact do you like?
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is a family family movie, have you seen it yet?
Yes, the other two of my favorite Johnny Depp movie is Red Dragon, have you seen it yet?
He was also in The Rum Diary which is a historical film, have you seen it yet?
Yes, I do. That was written by Lawrence Hauben starring Scatman Crothers. It is a Drama. Do you like Dramas?
He also directed A Christmas Carol, which is a classic!
I do not have that information, but I can tell you that The Haunted Man is also a Historical period drama.
Well, if you like historical period dramas, you might also enjoy A Christmas Carol or The House at Pooh Corner.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, I do! She wrote The Gift, which is one of my favorite books. Have you read it?
It's considered young adult fiction and was released in 2015.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he's a great artist. Did you know he starred with John Lennon.
Yes, he did. Did you know that Tambourine McPhee is a musician?
Yes, he is also a member of the Velvet Underground
I believe he plays for the Boston Red Sox
Did you know he won the NBA All-Rookie of the Year award?
I'm not sure, but I do know that he is from the United States
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy Unleashed or The Man from U.N.C.L.E.
Sure, one of my favorites is Cloverfield, starring Scarlett Johansson
It stars Robert De Niro and Moby Dick
Glad to be of service
I think he is a great actor. Did you know he starred in Harsh Times? It's one of my favorite movies.
I haven't seen it, is it good?
The Prestige stars Michael Caine, Christian Bale, and Christian Bale, and is considered a horror film.
You're welcome!
Yes, The Red Pyramid was written by Rick Riordan and was released in 2008. Would you like to know more?
The Throne of Fire ,The Serpent's Shadow
you are very welcome
He is a professional football player who plays as a forward for Manchester United and the Manchester United F.C.
Yes, I do. American Football is a great sport to follow.
I like the Dallas Cowboys, but I also like the Dallas Cowboys
He wrote X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class. Have you read those?
yes it was in English.
Yes, Waiting for the Barbarians is a good one too.
Thank you. I will have to check that out
I am not a huge basketball fan but I do know they are owned by Leslie Alexander. Are you a fan?
I like basketball, but I'm a fan of the Dallas Cowboys. Which sport do you like?
I don't really know anything about basketball, I do know that they play in Oklahoma. Is football your favorite team?
I can tell you he wrote Candide.
It was released in 1910 and was also released as a musical theater.
I highly recommend The Hangover or The Matrix. Both are written by them.
You're welcome.
How about Alice's Adventures in Wonderland?
He also wrote When We Were Very Young, which is a great children's book.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
I do! He's a great soccer player. Did you know he also starred in The Manchester United F.C?
I don't know too much about him. What other sports do you like?
Oh wow, i didn't know that
They have a coach named Jose Mourinho.
Real Madrid C.F. is coached by Fernando Hierro. Are you a fan?
Unfortunately i don't watch much football. What sport do you like?
Divergent is in the genres Science Fiction and Dystopia. Do you like books in those genres?
You might like The Looking Glass Wars, or The Golden Compass.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
It would be considered a thriller. It also falls under the genre Speculative fiction.
Yes, you can try Freddy vs. Jason or Resident Evil.
Okay, no problem! Enjoy!
Yes, he is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Barcelona and the Brazil national team
It is a young adult fiction novel.
Not that I can tell.
I'm not sure.
There's a version written in Spanish called Marina.
No problem
Baseball is my favorite team, but I think the Mets are doing well this season, too. Who's your favorite team?
They did! They have a good season, don't you think? I do know that they are doing well this season.
No. I'm sorry. I don't. I'm sorry.
I am not much into sports. I do know Ken Whisenhunt is the coach. Are you a fan of him?
Yes, he is a killer, isn't he?
No, I'm a big fan of Marlon Brando
Sure, It was written by Saulius Dagys and released in 1997.
Yes, I do! She wrote The Pillars of the Earth which is a Speculative fiction. Have you read it?
Yes, she also wrote Pretty Little Liars, which is a good read.
That's a great crime fiction. I'd suggest it.
Yes he is, he also wrote The Silence of the Lambs, which is a mystery as well.
Yes that was Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented is written by Tim Dolin and Thomas Hardy
Thomas Hardy also wrote A Scandal in Bohemia, in 1891. Are you interested in his work?
It's a Non-Fiction and was released in 1891.
It's a Non-Fiction, and was released in 1891.
He was in Animal Kingdom: Let's go Ape. Have you seen that?
Hugh Jackman, Nicole Kidman and Mike Myers were also in it.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Les visiteurs and Amélie are good ones. Have you seen these?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you she also starred in Beautiful Creatures.
Yes, I believe it is a French film.
Added to your movie list. I hope you enjoy the movie.
I know he won the 2012 PGA Championship. Are you a golf fan?
Yea, I've been to an airport. Yea, I've been there. I'm more into Dublin though.
Yes, he's from Northern Ireland too, isn't he?
It was released in 2013 and directed by Marco Reus. Are you familiar with this actor?
It is, similar to Zombieland.
I'm sorry, I don't have the other information for that. Can I help you with anything else?
Okay, glad to help!
District 9 was written by Terri Tatchell and Neill Blomkamp, and starred Sharlto Copley.
Then you might also like Catch-22. It's a Thriller as well.
The Neon Demon starred Keanu Reeves and Anthony Hopkins. Do you like either of those actors?
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I do, she starred in a few movies including a few favorites, a few like A Thousand Years and Lovestrong.
Oh, yes! That's correct. And, I think he's a great singer.
I like a lot of different artists like Taylor Swift, Taylor Swift, and Jordan Sparks.
I'm not sure of the names, but the names are new.
Sure thing. I can tell you that it was written by Diana Gabaldon and is also a romance novel.
Sure, you'll like Zoe's Tale, Wolf Brothers and Wolf Brothers.
Sure! He also wrote The Snows of Kilimanjaro and Other Stories.
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote The Hangover Part II. Have you read that one?
Do you like movies starring Todd Phillips?
It has genre Comedy. Have you seen Old School ?
I can't remember. I think he plays for the Raptors. What sport do you like?
Yes it is a great movie starring Matt Damon. Do you like it because it is a Thriller or a Thriller movie?
It's a romance novel that was made into a movie starring Laurence Fishburne. Have you seen it?
Yes she did. Winter Garden was released in 2014. I hope you enjoy it.
I hope you enjoy it!
Benjamin Martinez wrote Il Principe in 1513. Would you like more information on him?
He wrote a book in Spanish. Would you like to know more?
Would you like me to add it to your list?
There is a lot of information available about him
Up was written by Walt Disney and released in 2010. It's a great family movie.
I don't have anything else written by him. Would you like to know about other movies he wrote?
It is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
I like Family Movies. Would you like to know more about that?
You are welcome.
They play in the Toyota Center, as well as Leslie Alexander is the owner.
1994 was a year for NBA Finals
I don't know much about Hardaway but I know he was drafted to the Houston Rockets
Yes, Renaldo Balkman is a great player, but I have not heard of him
The Gunslinger was written by Stephen King and released in 1982. Similar books would be Winter's Tale, Where Rainbows End or Welcome to Temptation
It was released in 1906. Have you read it?
Great. Glad I could help.
It is a Thriller starring Brad Pitt. Do you like Thrillers?
It is a crime fiction film, similar to Johnny Depp.
I believe it was produced by Steven Spielberg
I am not a huge football fan but I do know that they are coached by Mike Pettine,
I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. Do you like the Dallas Cowboys?
I'm not sure. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan.
That's interesting. The Browns are coached by Ken Whisenhunt and owned by Bud Adams.
He starred in 1Q84 Books 1-2. Are you interested in Japanese films?
He also wrote  [Z no shmetsu]
I'm sorry but I don't have that information
Yes he also wrote
You're welcome
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre in memoir. You like those kinds of books
I'm not sure, but I know it was released in 1997.
Sure thing! Saulius Dagys also wrote The Magician's Land and Truly Madly Guilty
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, are you a fan of sci-fi or action films?
Predator is a Sci-Fi movie. Would you like me to recommend it?
Captain America: The Winter Soldier is a sci-fi movie, would you like me to recommend it
Insurgent was written by Veronica Roth and was released in 2012.
Great, I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995. Are you a fan of this book?
Another drama book is The Honk and Holler Opening Soon
Yes. He also wrote The Crucible, have you read it?
Thank you. Glad i could help
Nathan Lane starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton have you seen it?
I'm sure you will love it. Did you know it was written by Meg Cabot?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But, I can tell you it was starring Sex and the City, which is a comedy.
I'm not sure, but Cynthia Nixon was also in Too Big to Run, which is a comedy.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on any of his other films.
Sure! F. Murray Abraham starred in Thir13en Ghosts, The Grand Budapest Hotel and The Grand Budapest Hotel. Have you seen any of these?
Scarface is a crime genre film. Some other films in that genre include Thir13en Ghosts and The Voyage Home.
I cannot find a science fiction movie.
The Avengers is starring Scarlett Johansson who also starred in that one. You might also like The Avengers.
Unbreakable stars Scarlett Johansson and Robert Downey Jr. but it's a great sci-fi movie.
You're welcome
Yes, he is a really good basketball player, but I like his team the Warriors even more. How about you?
I like basketball, but my favorite team is the Dodgers!
My favorite NFL team is the Dallas Cowboys, but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys.
I don't really have it, but I know they were runner up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
I don't know much about the Seahawks. Are you a fan of either team?
I like the Staples Center, but I also like the Steelers.
Yes, Outlander was written by Charles Dickens. It is a speculative fiction. Are you into that genre?
There are so many great Sci-Fi books in that genre, including Xenocide, World Without End, and Wolves of the Calla.
Xeneocide is also written by Orson Scott Card. It is actually sci-fi. Do you like sci-fi?
You're welcome!
To Kill a Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee and released in 1960.
That's a great book you should read, I should give it a try, It's written by Harper Lee
I would recommend To Kill a Mockingbird, have you heard of it?
You're welcome
They are a soccer team, did you know they are coached by Louis van Gaal?
Well, he's a great athlete. What sport do you like?
He's a multi talented player. He played in a lot of action, sports, and sports, as well.
Sure, One for the Money is written by Kirsten Smith. Would you like more information on Kirsten Dunst, who also wrote To Build a Fire?
It was written by Meg Cabot. Have you heard of him?
Yes, Stephenie Meyer wrote The Chemist
Yes, it is part of the series The Twilight Diaries is written by Meg Cabot
You are welcome!
Inside Out was written by Spike Lee, and stars Denzel Washington, Jeff Bridges and Kristen Stewart.
She was also in Wreck-It Ralph, which is a great family film!
This is the End is considered a comedy-drama.
This is the End is a good film! Enjoy!
Great, have a good day!
He starred in I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With, which also starred Amy Sedaris.
She sure did, she also starred on a television series, Have you seen The Longest Ride or The Longest Ride?
She has been in a number of movies, including The Whole Ten Yards, and The Holiday.
Ron Howard directed The Missing. He also directed A Beautiful Mind. Have you seen it yet?
Have you heard of Why Don't Go Breaking My Heart? It was a good one.
He starred in The Curse of the Jade Scorpion. Have you seen it?
Well, he directed it, right? I'm not sure.
Mr. & Mrs Smith is written by Simon Kinberg and stars Vince Vaughn and Stephanie March. Are you interested in romance films?
Speaking of Mr. & Mrs. Smith, have you seen Mr. & Mrs. Smith? It's hilarious!
Sure! Donnie Darko is a Speculative fiction starring Richard Kelly and Kate Beckinsale. Are you into that genre?
Yes, he wrote the Box which is a Romance. Are you interested in that genre?
Yes, The Box is considered a Thriller and is also a Thriller. Can I help you with anything else?
Another fantasy movie you might like is The Golden Compass, it is also a thriller and stars Anne Hathaway.
Glad to help. Enjoy the movie!
Throne of Glass was written by Rick Riordan, who also wrote The Assassin and the Desert
I'm not sure about that, but she wrote Throne of Fire and Queen of Shadows
Well, let me know if you need anything else.
Yes, it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers? If so, you might also like Shark Night.
It is a mystery/comedy film that also stars Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Enjoy!
Yes, Beatrice Sparks wrote Go Ask Alice.
It sure is. Do you like dramas?
Anything else I can help you with?
Sure! Do you like The Proposal because it is written by Sandra Bullock or because its a thriller?
She has starred in a lot of movies. One of them is Zero Dark Thirty. Have you seen that one?
All About Steve is a comedy-drama film, and it is a comedy-drama
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I love that book. Would you like to hear about other stories written by John Green?
Yes, he also wrote Will Grayson, The Fault in Our Stars, and The Fault in Our Stars.
It's genre is mystery. Would you like any other recommendations?
Enjoy!
Sure, Outlander was written by Charles Dickens. He also wrote To Build a Fire and The Sandman: Endless Nights.
It was released in 1945.
That is a young adult fiction novel.
Eleanor & Park is written by Rainbow Rowell. Are you interested in hearing abiout similar books?
Yes, she also wrote Notes on a Scandal
They are romance novels, do you like romance novels?
Your welcome
Yes, he wrote Wreck-It Ralph. Have you heard of it?
Yes he did, he was also in it. Do you like his acting?
Some other great family movies are Wreck-It Ralph, and World Trade Center.
I do! She's a tennis player. Do you like her?
I like Serena both. They are both great tennis players. Venus Venus better than Serena.
Hair Show has genre Comedy. Would you like to know who stars in it?
Sure! He starred in The Skulls starring Paul Walker. Have you seen that one?
Yes, some of the actors in the Watchmen are Stephen McEwan, Russell Crowe, and Michael Pena.
Yes, it is, it is a thriller, and stars Jennifer Lawrence and Josh Brolin. Do you like thrillers?
Sure, another comedy movie you might like is The Mist or The Green Mile.
She wrote The Sweet Far Thing. It was good.
Okay, then I would recommend The Looking Glass Wars, The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars. They're all great.
Yes, it's part of the Gemma Doyle series so I'm not sure. But it's part of the Gemma Doyle series so I hope you enjoy them.
Yes, I'm going to try The Little Mermaid and The Golden Compass. They're all great.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
Rebecca was written by Daphne du Maurie, in 1938.
It's a mystery. It's also written by Dauphne du Maurier.
No. I do not. I'm sorry.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
The Denver Broncos are coached by Mike Zimmer and a part of the National Football League. Are you a fan?
Case Keenum was a former American football player, but he was a former NAVY seal but he was a former NAVY seal but he was a former NAVY seal.
Case Case Case is the coach. Is there anything else I can help you with?
What is your favorite sport to watch?
Isn't he a basketball player? I've heard he's a great player too.
I believe he plays for a Spain national football team. Do you like soccer?
I am not sure, but I know Andrés Iniesta is from Barcelona.
Yes, he is from Honolulu Stadium is their home venue.
That's a great book by Madeleine L'Engle. It's part of a series. Have you read it?
It is a Fantasy that is also similar to A Wind in the Door.
Another sci-fi book that is similar is Zoe's Tale.
Yes it was written by Robert O'Brien. You'll enjoy it!
I love his music. Did you know he was born in Honolulu?
I like Las Vegas, have you seen it?
No. I haven't. Who is your favorite artist?
Sure! Jules Feiffer wrote The Phantom Toolbooth which was a very good read.
The Phantom Tollbooth is fantasy novel and was released in 1994. It's fiction and fantasy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome, have a great day!
I know he was born in Atlanta but plays quarterback for the Carolina Panthers.
The Wildcats are a professional football team who plays as a midfielder.
Are you a fan of Woody Harrelson?
Yes, Jean-Pierre Jeunet wrote A Very Long Engagement and Micmacs.
Yes, Micmacs is a French Crime Fiction. Jean-Pierre Jeunet also wrote A Very Long Engagement.
Zombieland is a great action film. It stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Michael Cristo.
Enjoy.
It's written by Jay Asher and it's in the genre of young adult fiction.
He has also written The Future of Us and The Titan's Curse.
That's also a good one for you, it's actually considered a children's literature.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Would you like me to add it to your list?
Yes! Emma Thompson wrote Emma. It is a young adult fiction novel.
Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility are popular books by Jane Austen. Have you read those?
It was released in 1817. Have you read it?
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, he wrote The Virgin Suicides which is a good read. Do you like that genre?
Michael Clayton is classified as a thriller and so is Tilda. Another mystery movie you might like is Batman Begins.
The Red Violin was released in 1987 and stars Anthony Hopkins and Charlize Theron. The film is highly recommended.
Of course, I hope you enjoy it!
