Do you like the movie because it's a thriller?
It's a great movie. Did you know it was written by Stephen King? It's a thriller.
The Hitman's Bodyguard and Spy Are are in the same genre as Death Wish.
Yes, The Hitman's Bodyguard is a action movie. Do you like action movies?
You're very welcome!
He wrote The Light Between Oceans and The Light Between Oceans.
She wrote The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian. Have you read it?
It was released in 2011 and is a cartoonist.
You're welcome
Sure! There's Something About Mary is written by John Scalzi. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sarah Silverman also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Sarah Silverman was also in I Am Comic. She's also been in X-Men 2.
Just Listen was written by J.R. Tolkien. Do you like his work?
Sarah Dessen is a writer and a writer. She also wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you read that one?
Yes she did. She also wrote The Moon and More.
You're very welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Sure, Don Cheadle starred in The Secret Life of Pi. Have you seen it?
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Guard stars Don Cheadle, Don Cheadle, and Don Cheadle. Do you like comedies?
You're very welcome!
Ravichandran Ashwin is a cricket player from India. Do you like cricket?
He is a cricket player from India. He is currently playing for the Mumbai Indians.
I don't know any players on the team, but I know he is a cricket player from India.
Yes, Mike Newell directed The Thriller and The Assassin's Blade. Have you seen those?
Yes, it was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like her work?
You're very welcome!
You're welcome!
I think he's a good basketball player. He's a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks.
I don't know much about Steph Curry, but I know he is a basketball player.
I don't know much about football, but I do know that Steph Curry is a basketball player.
Yes, he is a great player. I think he's a great player.
I'm a huge fan of the Patriots, but I don't know much about them.
Sure, Hot Fuzz is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he was in Star Trek and Shaun of the Dead. Have you seen it?
It was released in 2005.
You're very welcome!
Frank Finlay starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Sure, you might also enjoy Wild Geese, Twisted Nerve and The Waiting Room.
You're very welcome!
Yes, The Game is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
The Pledge is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I think you will enjoy it. It's a great movie.
I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Did you know McG McG directed The Ender's Angels: Full throttle? It's a great movie.
McG McG McG directed We Are Marshall and This Means War. It was released in 2005.
Brian Geragtly starred in We Are Marshall and This Means War.
Sure, you might also like The Hunger Games. It's a horror film.
Yes, it is a horror film. Do you like horror films?
You're welcome!
It was written by Laura Esquivel and released in 1989.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
You're very welcome!
William Friedkin starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
William Friedkin also directed The Hunted and The French Connection. Have you seen those?
Sure, The Devil and Father Amorth is a Thriller/Thriller. It was released in 1999.
Great Gatsby is a Speculative fiction book. Do you like those genres?
Great Gatsby is a fiction book. Do you like fiction books?
The Surgeon was written by John Scalzi. Do you like fiction books?
Do you like the clockwork princess because it's a thriller?
Yes, she has written a number of books. She also wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of the Lambs. Have you read those?
Sure, added to your reading list.
You're very welcome!
Sure, Unforgiven was written by John Scalzi. It's a great movie.
They are both Sci-Fi movies. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
The Blood of Heroes and Blade Runner is a great Sci-Fi movie.
Josh Hutcherson has starred in a lot of movies. He was also a writer and a director. Have you seen it?
Josh Hutcherson also starred in The Hunger Games Triology. Have you seen it?
I hope you enjoy it!
She's a great singer. She's been in a lot of movies. Did you know she was also a singer?
She's a great singer and songwriter. She's also a singer and songwriter.
Yes, he did. He also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Suresh Raina is an athlete who plays cricket for the Mumbai Indians.
Yes he did play for the Chennai Super Kings.
You're welcome
Do you like Amy Poehler because it's a thriller?
Amy Poehler is a writer. what else can i do for you today?
Mean Girls was produced by Lorne Michaels. anything else i can do for you today?
Tina Fey has written a number of books. What else can i do for you today?
I don't know much about them, but I know they are a sports team in the United States.
I am a Dodgers fan. I'm a Dodgers fan.
You're very welcome!
Jonathan Levine directed The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it?
Jane Adams also starred in The Wackness which is a comedy.
Yes, it was released in 2011.
You're welcome
Olivier Megaton is a great actor. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Liam Neeson starred in Taken 3 with Liam Neeson.
It's a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like thrillers?
Great, enjoy!
I don't know much about them, but I think they are a good team. Do you like them?
I don't think so. I think Mike McCarthy is a quarterback for the Packers.
Yes, he was a great quarterback for the Green Bay Packers.
Iron Man is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, Peter Gallagher is a writer and a director. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
Yes, Tate Donovan was also in The O.C., which is a drama.
Yes, it was written by George Clooney as well.
You're very welcome!
Do you like Odd Thomas because it is a science fiction book?
Trunk Music was written by Rick Riordan. Do you like his work?
Jonathan Kellerman also wrote Xenocide. Have you heard that one?
Sure! Do you like Treasure Island because it's a thriller?
Treasure Island is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
You're welcome
I love Nikki Minaj, he's a great musician. He's been in a lot of movies. Isn't he a musician?
I don't know much about her, but I do know that she is a singer and songwriter.
I don't know a similar song, but I do know that Nicki Minaj is a musician. Do you like him?
Sure, Something Borrowed was written by John Scalzi. It was released in 2001. Do you like his work?
Yes, it was released in 2012.
Then you might also enjoy The Last Man in the Water, which is a thriller.
You're welcome!
Judd Apatow is a writer and a film director. He wrote The Last Crusade. Do you like his work?
Groundhog Day was written by John Scalzi. It was released in 2005.
Yes, he did star in this movie. He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Yes, he did direct Year One. He also starred in X-Men: Apocalypse.
I don't have any information on that film, but I do know it was produced by Harold Ramis.
He's written a lot of movies. He also wrote X-Men: Apocalypse Now. Have you seen it?
You're very welcome!
Brendon Urie is a singer-songwriter and songwriter. Do you like his music?
Yes, he was also in The Disco
Yes, he is a great singer and songwriter
I like Ryan Ross, he is a great singer.
Yes, there's Something About Mary is written by John Scalzi. It's a great book.
Yes, it is a great movie starring Ben Stiller and Matt Dillion. Would you like to see it?
It is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like Romantic Comedy?
Mary Ann Shaffer wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Bees. Have you read any of those?
Sure! The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society are both written by Mary Ann Shaffer.
You're very welcome!
You're very welcome!
Do you like the book because it was written by George Orwell?
Then you might enjoy the book Animal Farm: A Fairy Story. It was written by George Orwell and it's a drama.
I haven't heard of her, but I do like Alice Walker. Did you know she is a writer and a writer?
The book was released in 2001.
I don't have that information
You are welcome
Do you like Oldboy because it's a Drama/Mystery movie?
Yes, Korean is a great movie that you might enjoy. It's a drama/thriller movie.
Lady Vengeance is starring Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks.
Sure, she also stars in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
You're very welcome!
Ang Lee is a great actor. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
Ang Lee wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Bees. Have you seen those?
Sure, Woody Allen has written a number of books, including The Secret History, The Secret History, and The Secret Life of a Thousand Splendid Suns.
Zsa Zsa Gabor is a writer and a screenwriter. She was born in New York City.
Touch of Evil is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Jurassic Park is written by Steven Spielberg. Do you like him?
Yes, there was a sequel to Jurassic Park III.
Yes, Colin Tervorrow directed Jurassic World.
I think he's a great golfer. He's a great golfer. Do you like golf?
Rickie Fowler is a great golfer. He is also a member of the New England Patriots.
Yes, it's a great movie. It's a great movie. It's a great movie.
Sure, The Hobbit is written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King books?
Have you read The Hobbit? It's a fantasy book.
Yes, you might also like The Lord of the Rings series.
Wes Craven is a great movie. He also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Yes, Scream 4 is a horror movie. Do you like horror movies?
Yes, I like Joshua Leonard. He also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Sure! Do you like Jurassic Park because it's a thriller?
If you like sci-fi, you might also enjoy The Last Crusade. It's a sci-fi movie.
I think you'll enjoy Zombieland if you like sci-fi.
Bob Peck has starred in a lot of movies. He also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Sure. Bob Peck starred in the film Surviving Picasso. It is a drama/drama film.
Joss Ackland also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
No problem. The Little Prince is a crime fiction film.
You're very welcome!
I think Tom Brady is a great quarterback for the New England Patriots.
Yes, he was in Stuck on You. Did you know he also starred in The Devil Wears Prada?
Yes, he was in Stuck on You. I think he was in The Devil Wears Prada as well.
I haven't seen it, but I do like it. It's a great movie.
Bruce Willis is a great actor. He also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Yes, he did. He also wrote Die Hard with a Vengeance with Bruce Willis.
Yes, they are very good! I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, Alien is written by J.R. Tolkien. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Sure, you might enjoy The Incredible Hulk or The Incredible Hulk. Both are great horror movies.
Sure, Bats is a series of horror movies. It's part of a series of movies. It's part of a series.
You're very welcome!
Sure, David Lynch directed a number of movies. He also directed X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
He also starred in X-Men Origins: Apocalypse Now.
Yes, he did. He also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
You're very welcome!
Alice Braga starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Repo Men was written by Robert Downey Jr.
Eric Garcia also wrote X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Brett Helquist is a writer who wrote The Last Man in the Water. Have you read it?
It's a fiction book written by Brett Helquist. It was released in 2005
Lemony Snicket wrote The End and The Grim Grotto to name a few
Isn't he a singer-songwriter?
Yes, he has a son. He was also in X-Men and X-Men.
No, I haven't seen it, but I haven't seen it yet.
Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, Noah Emmerich is a great actor. He starred in a lot of movies. He also starred in X-Men: Apocalyptic fiction.
Noah Emmerich starred in Windtalkers and Warrior to name a few. Have you seen any of those?
Windtalkers stars Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks to name a few.
I hope you enjoy it!
Isn't he a soccer player? I don't know much about him.
I don't know much about football but I do know he plays for the Colombia national football team.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is from the United States.
Harry Potter and the cursed child part one and two was written by Richard huppert
Jack Thorne also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, have you seen those?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver. Do you like them?
That's right. The team is owned by Tom Hanks.
That's right! They are part of the AFC West.
Sure! Eoin Colfer wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Bees. Have you read any of these?
Yes, it was released in 2008.
Yes, The Six Wives of Henry VIII is a great read.
I haven't heard much of his music but I do know he is a great singer. Do you like his music?
Yes, he's a great singer. He's a great singer. He's been in a lot of movies.
I'm not sure, but I do know he's from the United States of America. He's a great singer.
You're very welcome!
Yes, Kyrie Irving is an American professional basketball player from the United States of America. Do you like basketball?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by the Dallas Cowboys and the Boston Celtics.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that the team is owned by the Boston Celtics.
Christopher Nolan also directed The Dark Knight Rises. Have you seen it?
Fyodor Dostoyevsky is a writer and a politician. Do you like his work?
Yes, he wrote рестуление и накаание
Yes, it was released in 1866.
You're very welcome!
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy books?
Then you might like The Wonderful Wizard of Oz, or The Wonderful Wizard of Oz. Both are fantasy books.
Yes, I would recommend The Lord of the Rings series. Have you read that one?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he is a soccer player for the Germany national football team.
I don't know much about Dortmund, but he plays for the Germany national football team.
Yes, Yuvan Shankar Raja is a cricket player from Borussia Dortmund.
I haven't seen it, but I do know it was written by John Scalzi. Do you like his work?
Sure, A Corn of Thorns and Roses is written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his books?
Sarah J. Maas wrote A Corn of Thorns and Roses. Have you read those?
Sarah J. Maas also wrote The Assassin's Blade which was released in 2014.
You're welcome!
Sure, James Cameron directed The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it?
That's right. Kate Winslet was released in 2014.
Titanic was released in 2005.
You're welcome.
Isn't she a writer and a politician?
Yes, you might also enjoy Madame Bovary. It's a romance novel.
Yes, it is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Sure, Suzanne Collins wrote The Secret Life and The Life and Life of Pi. Have you read either of those?
I don't know much about Venus Williams, but I do know that Venus Williams is a great tennis player.
I'm not sure, but I know Martina Navritalova is a great tennis player.
Yes, she was the best female female player in the world.
Michelle Wie is a Korean professional golfer from Honolulu. She was born in Honolulu.
That's right. She's a great golfer from Hawaii. She's also been in the Olympics.
I'm not sure, but Michelle Wie is a great golfer.
Sure, Sylvia Day wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Bees. Have you heard of those?
Reflected in You and One With You is a Romance novel.
Yes, she also wrote Reflected in You, have you read it?
Sure, Margaret Atwood wrote The Great Gatsby. Have you read it?
Margaret Atwood wrote The Handmaid Tale. It's a fiction book. Do you like fiction books?
You're very welcome!
The Handmaid's Tale is written by Margaret Atwood and is a dystopian fiction.
Isn't he a soccer player for the Brazil national football team?
Sure, move Carlos is a thriller film starring Tom Hanks. It was released in 2005.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help with?
Sure, Untamed: A House of Night Novel was written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King books?
Sure, Tahereh Mafi wrote The Secret History of the World. Have you read that one?
Yes, Ignite Me was released in 2014.
The World of Ice and Fire was written by George R.R. Martin and was released in 2014.
You might also enjoy The World of Ice and Fire by George R.R. Martin. It is a fantasy novel.
You're very welcome!
Yes, Wally Lamb wrote The Secret History of the Living Dead. Have you read that one?
We Are Water was released in 2001.
You're very welcome!
Sure, Marc Forster directed The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it?
Machine Gun Gun Preacher is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Robert Downey Jr. starred in Neverland.
I don't have that information but I do know it was released in 2005.
I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome.
Yes, John Knowles wrote A Separate Peace which is a great book.
A Separate Peace is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, it is similar to Un Lun Dun.
You're welcome
Do you like Emma because it's a Romance novel?
Jane Austen is also a writer and a writer. She was born in New York City. Have you read it?
Yes, it's a great book. Other historical dramas you might enjoy include The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby.
Lauren Willig is an American author who wrote the book, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, which is a great book.
The Giver is a Speculative fiction book. Do you like those genres?
The Giver is a great book. You might also like The Giver. It's a great book.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Fight Club is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
Yes, I will download it now.
You're welcome!
Sure! Do you like Harry Potter and the Phoenix because it's a fantasy movie?
There are a few fantasy movies outside of the series. Part 1 and 2 are Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban and The Last Jedi.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure! Mindy Kaling wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of a Woman. Have you read those?
Sure, Why Not Me is written by Mindy Kaling. It's part of a series of books. It's part of a series.
I'm not sure, but it was released in 2015 and is a drama.
You're very welcome!
Aylmer Maude wrote оскресение and лиа. Have you read them?
Anna Karenina was written by Aylmer Maude. She also wrote нна аренина.
You're welcome!
Sure, Cathereine Hardwicke is a writer and a writer. She starred in a lot of movies. Do you like her work?
Robert Downey Jr. starred in Red Riding Hood. Have you seen it?
She also directed The Last Stand which is a Thriller.
Yes, he is a football player. He played for the Manchester United F.C.
Wayne Rooney is a soccer player. He is also a midfielder for the Seattle Seahawks.
Yes, he is a top tier player.
Hurt Locker is a great actor. Did you know he starred in X-Men 2?
Yes, he was in The English Patient.
Yes, she has been in a lot of great movies. She was also in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
You're very welcome!
Yes, it was written by Maria Semple and released in 2012.
Yes, I Heart Huckabees was written by Maria Semple and released in 2012.
Yes, I'll add it now.
Sure! She wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Bees. Have you read those?
Torment is a young-adult fiction novel written by Lauren Kate. It's part of a series of books. It's part of a series.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Lewis Carroll is an American professional golfer. He is a great golfer. He was born in New York City.
Yes, Johnny Depp starred in Alice in Wonderland as well as Johnny Depp.
The Rum Diary is a great children's movie, and Johnny Depp was also in The Rum Diary.
You're very welcome!
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
I haven't heard much about them, but I know they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like them?
Manchester City F.C. is one of the most popular players in the world.
You're welcome!
Lauren Oliver wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Bees. Have you read any of these?
Lauren Oliver is a writer and a writer. She has written a lot of thrillers, but I think you will enjoy it. Have you read it?
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're very welcome!
Sure, David Silverman directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen it?
David Silverman wrote The Simpsons Movie. It was released in 2005.
Yes, they both wrote and produced the TV series.
You're welcome!
Isn't he a cricket player? Is he a cricket player?
I'm more of a cricket fan. I'm more of a cricket fan. I'm more of a cricket fan.
Yes, he was a writer and a politician. He was born in London.
Yes, I do. The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
Orlando Bloom also starred in The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King which is a fantasy movie.
Great, hope you enjoy it!
Yes, The Death Cure is written by james Dashner and released in 2011
The Death Cure was written by J.K. Rowling.
Yes, it is a young adult fiction novel. Do you like young adult fiction?
Nicola Kraus is a great actress. She starred in a lot of movies. She also starred in X-Men: Apocalyptic fiction.
Yes, she also wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Bees.
Harry Potter and the Phoenix is written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like Harry Potter books?
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Last Man and The Manchurian Candidate.
Yes, there is a TV episode in which Daniel Radcliffe was in.
Yes, Mike Starr is a great actor. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Sure! Quentin Tarantino starred in The Last Stand, which is a Thriller. Have you seen it?
Sure, he has starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Death Proof is a Thriller. It was released in 2005. It's a drama.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
She's a great singer. She's been in a lot of movies. She's been in a lot of movies. Did you know she's also a singer?
John Carpenter is a great actor. He directed The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it?
He also starred in X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
The Dirty Dozen also starred Robert Downey Jr..
Sure! The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Robert Downey Jr. and Tom Hanks.
The Good Doctor is a thriller starring Orlando Bloom. Do you like thrillers?
I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about Venus Williams, but I do know she is a tennis player from the United States.
I don't know much about Serena, but I do know that Serena is a better tennis player.
Yes, she was also a part of the Miami Dolphins.
I don't know much about him, but I know he plays for the Colombia national football team.
Yes, he is a captain for the Colombia national football team.
I like American Football, but I don't follow it much. Is there anything else I can help with?
Home Alone is written by John Scalzi. Would you like to know more about it?
Sure, Home Alone is starring Tom Hanks. It's a great comedy.
The Breakfast Club was released in 2005
You're welcome
Isn't Jason Derulo a singer-songwriter?
Yes, he is a great singer and songwriter. Do you like his music?
I haven't heard much of his old stuff but I do know he is a singer and songwriter.
Shawshank Redemption is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he wrote and starred in Shawshank Redemption. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland is a book similar to Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you read it?
Yes, it's similar to Through the Looking-Glass. Would you like to know other books by Lewis Carroll?
Yes, it is a fiction book written by Ursula K Le Guin.
Yes, Ed Skrein starred in Deadpool. Have you seen it?
Yes, Radivoje Bukvic is also in The Transporter Refueled and Deadpool. Have you seen those?
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Shark Night stars Robert Downey Jr. and Ed Skrein. It's a thriller.
Shark Night is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome!
Yes, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade is written by George Luas.
Do you like Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade because it is a thriller?
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Rohit Sharma is a cricket player from India. Do you like cricket?
Rohit Sharma is an Athlete who also plays cricket.
Yes, he did play for Mumbai Indians.
I don't know much about Citigroup, but I do know that Rohit Sharma is from India.
Sure, Aldous Huxley is a great author. He wrote The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby.
The Doors of Perception and Brave New World was released in 2001.
Yes, Jim Morrison starred in The Doors of Perception and Brave New World.
Yes, Atonement is written by J.R. Tolkien
Christopher Hampton also wrote The Suspense Book and The Suspense Book.
The Quiet American is a thriller.
The Quiet American is a thriller. It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're very welcome!
2012 is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Thirteenth Floor is a thriller
The Thirteenth Floor stars Brad Henke
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like Harry Potter books?
Sure! Do you like The Help because it is a thriller?
The Rocker is a Romance film. Would you like to know more about Emma Stone?
Yes, Ryan Reynolds was also in The Croods. Have you seen that one?
She's a great singer. She's been in a lot of movies. She's a great singer. She's also a singer and songwriter.
No, I haven't seen it yet. She's been in a lot of movies. She's been in a lot of movies. She's been in a lot of movies. She's been in a lot of movies.
The Client was written by John Scalzi. It's a fantasy novel.
The Client is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Client was written by John Grisham, and it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're very welcome!
Isn't he a soccer player? I don't know much about him.
I don't know much but I know he plays for the Argentina national football team. He is a midfielder.
My favorite sport is soccer
I like baseball too. What about you?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I don't know much about them, but I know they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like them?
Yes, he's a great player. He's a forward for the Seattle Seahawks.
I don't know much about them, but they are doing good this year.
The Time Traveler's Wife is written by John Green. Do you like books written by John Green?
Yes, Violets Are Blue is a mystery novel.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Pride and Prejudice is written by Jane Austen. Do you like books written by Jane Austen?
It was written by J.K. Rowling
The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York is written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
Daniel Defoe also wrote The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York.
It's a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
You're very welcome!
She's a great singer. Did you know she also starred in a movie called X-Men 2?
No, I didn't know that, but I did know that she was on the TV show The Last Man in the Air.
That's a great one! Did you know that she was also on the TV show The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo? I love that one.
Sure, he directed X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
The Others stars Robert Downey Jr. and Jennifer Lawrence.
You're very welcome!
Do you like Mark Overstall because he wrote Madame Bovary?
Sure, Madame Bovary is a novel written by John Scalzi. It is a novel.
Sure, you might also enjoy The Princess Diaries. It was released in 1856.
Malcolm Bowie also wrote Madame Bovary with Margaret Mauldon.
He also wrote Madame Bovary with Margaret Mauldon.
He also wrote Madame Bovary with Margaret Mauldon.
Then you might also enjoy Madame Bovary. It was released in 1856. Have you read it?
You're very welcome!
Tom Clancy has starred in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's been in a lot of movies. He's also starred in X-Men: Apocalyptic fiction.
Sure, Joseph Conrad wrote The Secret History of a Young-adult fiction book. Have you read that one?
Yes, it's a new book. It was released in 2005.
Nostromo: A Simple Tale was released in 2014.
Yes, Cormac McCarthy starred in Xenocide which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You might also enjoy Xenocide or Xenocide. Have you read those?
Robert Downey Jr. wrote it.
It was released in 2005.
You're very welcome!
Jane Eyre is written by Jane Eyre. It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Michael Mason also wrote Jane Eyre. Have you read it?
Yes, Jane Eyre was adapted from the book The Eyre Affair.
You're very welcome!
Malala: The Girl Who Stood Up for Education is a book written by Malala: The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and was Shot by the Taliban. Do you like her work?
Yes, he also wrote The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
Veronika Decide Morrer is a Romance novel.
Yes, he is also an author. He was born in Malala.
Kyrie Irving is a basketball player for the Seattle Seahawks.
I don't watch much sports, but I do enjoy watching the Titans play.
I don't know much about the Lakers, but I do know they are owned by the Lakers and the Lakers.
Yes, O Alquimista was written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988.
Paulo Coelho also wrote The Alchemist and The Alchemist.
I hope you enjoy it!
Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood is a book similar to Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood.
Rebecca Wells is a great author. She also wrote The Secret Life of Bees which is a romance novel.
You're welcome!
Sure, Kami Garcia wrote Beautiful Redemption and Beautiful Redemption. Have you read either of these?
Beautiful Redemption is a thriller. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sarah J. Maas is a writer and a screenwriter. She wrote a book called The Great Gatsby. Have you read it?
Sarah J. Maas wrote Throne of Glass and the Assassin's Blade.
I hope you enjoy it!
I hope you enjoy it!
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes was written by John Scalzi. It's a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Kodi Smit-McPhee also starred in X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
Yes, Dead Europe is an action film. Do you like action films?
You're very welcome!
Do you like it because it's a science fiction movie?
Yes, Gremlins is a great Drama, it is a great movie.
You're welcome
Sure! This Is The End is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Interview is a Psychological Thriller and a Comedy.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information, but Evan Goldberg also starred in The Interview which is a comedy.
Do you like Cold Mountain because it is a science fiction book?
He also wrote Cold Mountain. Have you read it?
Thirteen Moons is a novel written by Charles Frazier. It's a speculative fiction book.
Sure, enjoy!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by the Dallas Cowboys.
Jerry Jones starred in The Dallas Cowboys and The Dallas Cowboys. Have you seen them?
Yes, Zach Galifianakis is a reality show.
Bruce Almighty is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure, Evan Almighty is a sequel to Bruce Almighty. Steve Carell also starred in X-Men 2. Have you seen it?
Evan Baxter starred in a lot of movies. It's a comedy. Evan Baxter also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Josh Hutcherson is a writer and a director. He starred in a lot of movies. He was also a director. He was also a director.
Sure, Zathura: A Space Adventure is a Sci-Fi movie starring Josh Hutcherson.
Julianne Moore also starred in The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Bees. Have you seen those?
Magnolia is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
You're very welcome!
Pulp Fiction is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Quentin Tarantino also wrote X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
You're very welcome!
You're welcome!
Sure, Tina Fey wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of a Woman. Have you read any of those?
Yes, he was in The Kite Runner. Have you seen it?
Sure, Tate Taylor directed The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it?
Yes, Cicely Tyson starred in The Help and Get on Up. Have you seen it?
Yes, she did star in the Women of Brewster Place with Oprah Winfrey.
You're very welcome!
Inception is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
The Dark Knight was directed by Christopher Nolan
Sure, George Lucas also starred in The Last Crusade. Have you seen that?
Indiana Jones is starring Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
It's a drama. Harrison Ford also starred in the movie X-Men 2.
The Paris Wife is written by Paula McLain and released in 2011. Do you like fiction?
She also wrote The Paris Wife. Have you read it?
Circling the Sun is a book that was released in 2005.
Yes, it's a new book. It's part of a series.
You're very welcome!
Sure, Lea Thompson starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
She's also starred in The Wild Life, The Little Rascals and The Dog Lover. Have you seen those?
She's also been in The Wild Life, The Little Rascals, The Little Rascals, The Little Rascals and many more.
John Milius also wrote a series of movies like The Wild Life and The Little Rascals. Have you seen those?
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, The Godfather is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
I don't know, but I do know he starred in The Godfather. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. Did you know he also starred in I and II?
Gustave Flaubert is a writer and a writer. He wrote The Last Crusade. Have you read that one?
Yes, you might also like Madame Bovary. It is a Romance novel.
Yes, it was released in 2004 and is a Romance novel.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
Stieg Larsson is a writer and a film producer. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Kristin Cashore wrote Graceling and Fire. Have you read either of those?
Sure, Romace is written by Graceling. She also wrote Graceling.
Yes, Margery Williams Bianco wrote The Velveteen Rabbit and The Velveteen Rabbit. Have you read them?
The Velveteen Rabbit has genre Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
The Giver is written by John Scalzi, who also wrote The Giver
Aaron Rodgers is a quarterback for the Minnesota Timberwolves. Do you like him?
I don't really follow football, but I do like to watch the Patriots.
No, I haven't, but I've heard of him. He's a great quarterback.
I'm not sure, but if you like fun, I'll have to check out The Buffalo Bills.
Yes, The Lost Hero was written by Christopher Nolan and is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
The Lost Hero is a Thriller
Yes,It is written by Rick Riordon
You're welcome
Sure, Dan Scanlon starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Steve Buscemi also starred in Monsters University, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're very welcome!
Yes, Niccol Machiavelli wrote The Great Gatsby. Have you read it?
It's a fiction book.
The Seven Habits of Highly Effective People is a fiction book.
Isn't he a midfielder for the Spanish national football team?
I don't know much about Latin music, but I do know he is a singer and songwriter.
Yes, he is a great artist. He has a lot of music. I think you will enjoy it.
Sure, In Cold Blood was written by John Scalzi. Do you like his work?
Truman Capote also wrote In Cold Blood which is a crime fiction book.
You're welcome!
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks was written by Robert Downey Jr.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is a biographical novel. Do you like biographical novels?
Walk the Line is written by John Scalzi. It's a great book.
The Long Hard Road Out of Hell is written by John Scalzi. It's a great book.
I think she is a great singer. Did you know she starred in a movie called The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo?
I love Taylor Swift too. She's a great singer. She's a great singer. She's a great singer.
Shakira is a great singer. She's also a singer and songwriter.
She's a great actress. She starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
White Squall has a genre of Thriller. Do you like those genres?
Sure! Coming of Age is a drama/drama. It was released in 1996.
Yes, Whale Rider is a great movie. The Secret Life of Bees is a Thriller.
You're very welcome!
Sure, Charles Dickens wrote The Secret History of a Thousand Splendid Suns. Have you read that one?
Sure! Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club is written by Charles Dickens. It's part of a series of books.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that he wrote a lot of books in his lifetime. He was also a teacher and a teacher.
You're very welcome!
Sure, John Grogan wrote The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it?
John Grogan starred in Marley & Me. what else can i do for you today?
Sure, Scream is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, A Nightmare on Elm Street is a horror movie. Do you like horror movies?
Sure, it was directed by Johnny Depp. It also stars Johnny Depp. It's a great movie.
Sure, Sylvester Stallone directed The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it?
Yes, Randy Couture was in The Experimentables. Do you like him?
Redbelt also starred Tom Hanks and Tom Cruise.
Do you like the book because it was written by Cassandra Clare or because it was written by Cassandra Clare?
City of Bones is a Speculative fiction. Do you like those genres?
It's a fantasy book. It's part of a series. It's part of a series of books.
Sure! Do you like Pulp Fiction because it's a thriller?
Robert Downey Jr. is the star of Royal Kill.
Isn't he a table tennis player from China?
Yes, he won the 2012 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Yes, he's a great swimmer. He's a great swimmer. He's also been in the Olympics.
You're very welcome!
Yes, Bobby Farrelly starred in a lot of movies. He also starred in X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
Stuck on You is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Matt Damon also starred in The Bourne Legacy. Have you seen it?
Rob Cohen directed a lot of movies. He was also in X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
The Skulls also stars Paul Walker and Paul Walker. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome!
I know that they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like them?
I don't know much about soccer but I do know that it is coached by Louis van Gaal.
Yes he is also in the Champions League
Isn't he a singer-songwriter and songwriter?
Yes, he plays for the Mumbai Indians.
Sure, Clint Eastwood directed The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it?
Million Dollar Baby is starring Tommy Lee Jones Greta. Tommy Lee Jones Greta starred in the movie.
You're very welcome!
Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
The Tourist is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The main stars include Robert Downey Jr., Robert Downey Jr. and Kevin Spacey.
I'm not sure, but it was released in 2005.
The Tourist was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver.
Yes, he's a great point guard. He's a great point guard.
I think he's a great player. I think he's a great player.
Jane Eyre wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Bees. Have you read those?
Yes, he also wrote Xenocide. Have you read it?
The Time Machine is a Romance novel by Michael Mason
Isn't he a basketball player? I don't know much about him.
I'm a basketball fan. I'm more of a basketball fan. I'm more of a basketball fan.
No, I didn't know he is from the United States.
John Boyne is a writer and a writer. He wrote a lot of books. He was born in New York City. Have you read it?
The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas is a fiction book.
You're welcome.
Yes, A Million Little Pieces was written by John Scalzi. It is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
Sure, A Million Little Pieces is written by James Frey and has genre memoir and speculative fiction.
Yes, he also directed A Thousand Splendid Suns which is a thriller.
Richard Andrews wrote The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark.
Yes, it was released in 1600.
Yes, it was part of a series.
Sure. I hope you enjoy it!
I know he plays for FC Bayern Munich and FC Bayern Munich.
Yes, Thomas Muller is also a midfielder for the German national team
I don't follow soccer much, but I do know he plays for the Germany national football team.
Isn't he a tennis player? Is he a tennis player?
I'm not sure, but I know he was born in Basel.
Carly Rae Jepsen is a singer-songwriter and songwriter. Do you like her music?
No, I didn't know that. She won the Pulitzer Prize for Best Video.
That's a good one. Did you know she was born in New York City?
Jaws is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, he was in Jaws 2 as well. He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
You're very welcome!
She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie. Have you seen those?
Amelie was written by Christopher Nolan. Do you like his work?
Amelie is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The skulls is a Thriller and was released in 2001. It is a thriller.
Craig T. Nelson also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Leslie Bibb also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Tom Brady. Do you like them?
I don't know much about football, but I do know the Buccaneers are in the National Football League.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like the Dallas Cowboys?
I don't know much about Linkin Park, but I think it was a great movie. Do you like it because it is a comedy?
Joe Hahn is a member of the band. Joe Hahn is also a musician.
They are popular, they are popular. They are popular.
I don't know much about American football but I do know that the Philadelphia Eagles are a great team.
Yes, they did win the Super Bowl XXXIX. They were runner ups in Super Bowl XXXXXXXXVIII.
Yes, they were the Patriots in the Super Bowl XLIII.
Sure, In Cold Blood was written by John Scalzi. Do you like his work?
Sure, you might also enjoy The Last Crusade by Truman Capote. Have you read it?
Yes, Gone, Baby, Gone is based on a true story.
Sure, do you like the movie because it is a fantasy?
Yes, it's a great movie. It's a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy?
Sure, Garfield is a great comedy movie. You might also enjoy X-Men 2 or X-Men 2.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver.
I'm not a big fan of basketball, but I'm a big fan of the Seattle Seahawks.
I'm more of a basketball fan. I'm more of a basketball fan. What about you?
Yes, it's a great movie. It's a great movie. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
She's a great actress. She's also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Ted, Santa with Muscles, and Oz the Great and Powerful also starred Tom Hanks. Have you seen it?
You're very welcome!
Sure, he starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was in the Birdcage with Robin Williams.
Yes, it was released in 2005.
Yes, I like Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Good Doctor.
I'm sorry, I don't have any recommendations for thrillers. Is there anything else I can help you with?
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Ryan Reynolds also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen it?
Waiting also starred Tom Hanks and Tom Cruise.
You're very welcome!
True Grit is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Matt Damon also starred in True Grit. Have you seen it?
Yes, Matt Damon also starred in X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
You're very welcome!
Boyhood is directed by J.R. Tolkien.
Richard Linklater also directed X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Confused was released in 2014.
You're very welcome!
King Kong was written by Stephen King. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
King Kong is classified as a drama. Do you like dramas?
Sure, you might also enjoy The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
Yes, Eon Flux is a great movie. It was released in 2005, and stars Thomas Kretschmann and Naomi Watts.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like them?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Tom Benson.
I don't know much about Pittsburgh Steelers, but they did win the Super Bowl XII.
Sure! Evan Goldberg directed The Last Stand and The Last Stand. Have you seen any of those?
The End stars Seth Rogen and Seth Rogen.
Yes, Channing Tatum also starred in The End.
Channing Tatum also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
The Vow also starred Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks.
You're very welcome!
The Silence of the Lambs is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Ralph Fiennes also starred in The Silence of the Lambs. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
Thrillers are a good one. You might also enjoy the X-Men series.
Yes, Niketa Calame starred in The Lion King and The Lion King.
The Lion King was written by Irene Mecchi. Would you like to know more about the movie?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Hancock is starring Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
Will Smith also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Yes, it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I'll play it for you now.
Isn't he a football player?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a midfielder.
I don't know much about sports, but I do know that Fabio Capello is a football player.
Steve McQueen directed Christmas presents for my uncle. Have you seen it?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are a great band. They are a great band.
I don't know much about them, but I know they are from South Korea and they are from the United States.
I'm not sure, but they did start in Seoul.
Jason Flemyng starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Jason Flemyng also starred in Wild Bill which is a drama.
You're very welcome!
You're very welcome!
Marion Wiesel wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign and Un di Velt Hot Geshvign
Un di Velt Hot Geshvign is a Romance novel. It was released in 1958.
You're welcome!
Hellboy is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Wolverine is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
You're welcome.
Isn't he a German author who wrote the book The Last Crusade?
I don't know, but I do know he was influenced by John Scalzi. He is also a director.
I don't know much about his films, but I do know he was influenced by John Scalzi.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you he also starred in a movie called Apocalypto.
Sure, Epatha Merkerson starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
The Six Wives of Henry Lefay is a thriller. It's part of a series.
The Six Wives of Henry Lefay and Terminator 2: Judgement Day are dramas you might enjoy.
Steven D. Levitt is a writer and a director. He starred in Xenocide. Have you seen it?
Stephen J. Dubner wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything. Have you read it?
Steven D. Dubner wrote Freakonomics: The Hidden Side of Everything. Have you read it?
That's a great one. Stephen D. Dubner also wrote The Last Stand and The Last Stand. Have you read those?
Edgar Wright wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Pi. Have you read any of those?
Yes. The World's End is science fiction.
Yes, he was great in Cloverfield. He also starred in X-Men Origins.
Yes, Coldplay is written by John Scalzi. Do you like his work?
Sure, The Escapist is written by John Scalzi and is a Thriller
He also starred in X-Men 2
Laini Taylor wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Bees. Have you read those?
Dreams of Gods & Monsters is a science fiction book released in 2005.
I'm not sure when it was released.
You're very welcome!
Yes, he is a point guard for the Portland Trailblazers. Do you like him?
Yes, he is from Oakland. He was born in Oakland.
No, I haven't seen it, but I haven't seen it. He was born in Oakland.
Quentin Tarantino starred in X-Men Origins: Apocalypse Now. Have you seen it?
Grinhouse is a Thriller. It was released in 2005. It is a thriller.
Sure, Grindhouse is a great movie. He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, which is a thriller.
Big Fish is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Kenny Ortega also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Kenny Ortega also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
You're welcome!
Phil LaMarr starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, X-Men: Apocalyptic fiction. Have you seen it?
Sure, Zambezia has a great cast including Tom and Jerry Meet Sherlock Holmes. Do you like thrillers?
Leonard Nimoy has starred in a lot of movies, including Thriller, Drama, Drama, Drama, Drama, Drama, Drama, Drama, Drama, Drama, Drama, Drama, Drama, Drama, Drama.
You're very welcome!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by the Seattle Seahawks.
Do you like Transformers because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Then you might also like the Transformers: Apocalypse Now
Sure, Need for Speed is a sci-fi action movie starring Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks.
I Love You is a great book. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
Yes, Voyager is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
Yes, it is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
You're very welcome!
Sania Mirza is a Brazilian professional tennis player who plays for the Brazil national team.
I like Venus and Serena Williams sisters. She is a tennis player from Mumbai.
That's a great movie! Did you know she was in the 2012 Summer Olympics?
Sure, Al Pacino starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Two for the Money is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he did. He also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Do you like her work?
The Stepford Wives was written by Jane Austen. Do you like her work?
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice. Have you read that one?
You're welcome.
Yes, she is a singer and songwriter. Do you like her music?
I don't know any of her songs, but I do know that she is a singer and songwriter.
Yes, it was released in 2010.
You're welcome.
Edgar Ramirez is a great actor. He starred in X-Men Origins. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, Zero Dark Thirty is a crime fiction movie. Do you like crime fiction movies?
No, but Mark Boal also starred in The Hurt Locker. Have you seen it?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Rob Riggle starred in The Incredible Hulk and The Incredible Hulk.
Sure. Unaccompanied Minors is a film starring Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks. It was released in 1999.
Sure. Unaccompanied Minors is a teen film starring Bruce McCulloch. Have you seen it?
Sure. I'll add it now. Enjoy!
Great, enjoy!
Isn't he a composer and a musician?
It's a great movie. It's a drama. It's a thriller.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Boyhood is a great movie. Boyhood is a great movie. It was written by Stephen King.
Yes, it was written by Leo Tolstoy.
Yes, he also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
You're very welcome!
Sure, Twilight is a great book. Do you like books written by Stephen King?
Yes, she wrote The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner, The Key to Midnight and Shadow Fires
You're welcome.
The Social Network is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. It's a Thriller.
Sure, Holden Scott starred in The Social Network. Do you like dramas?
There are a couple of films from these actors, including X-Men 2 and X-Men 2
You're welcome
Jeremy Tambling wrote David Copperfield and David Copperfield.
He's a great author. He's written a lot of books. He's written a lot of books. He's written a lot of books. He's written a lot of books. He's also written a lot of books.
Yes, Zadie Smith is a great writer. He was born in New York City and is also a writer.
John Carpenter is a great movie. He directed The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it?
The Fog is written by John Carpenter. It's a science fiction movie.
She's a great actress. She's also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Escape from New York is a Sci-Fi movie.
Sure! Do you like the Lord of the Rings because it's a fantasy book?
Women in Love was written by John Scalzi.
D. H. Lawrence also wrote The Secret History of a Young-adult fiction book called The Little Prince
Do you like the Matrix movies because it's a Sci-Fi movie?
The Matrix Revisited is a great movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Inception stars Robert Downey Jr. and Tom Hanks.
Do you like A Wrinkle in Time because it's a thriller?
A Wrinkle in Time is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it's a Young-adult fiction. Do you like those genres?
The Maze Runner and The Chocolate War are both children's fiction books. Have you read them?
I don't have that information, but Jeff Lindsay wrote Dexter in the Dark. Have you read it?
You're very welcome!
Yes, Ayush Mahesh Khedkar starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
Slumdog Millionaire is a drama. Do you like drama?
Slumdog Millionaire was released in 2011.
You're welcome!
Sure, Aidan Turner is a writer and a screenwriter. Are you familiar with his work?
Aidan Turner also starred in The Hobbit. Have you seen it?
The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones
The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones
The Golden Compass was directed by Steven Spielberg
The BFG is a speculative fiction book. Do you like those genres?
Zoe's Tale and Z for Zacharia are also Speculative fiction. Do you like those genres?
Yes, it is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it was written by Donna Tartt and released in 2013
Donna Tartt won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.
Yes, Donna Tartt did write The Secret History.
Yes, she was born in the United States of America.
You're welcome.
Sure, Me Before You is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Ship of Brides is written by Jojo Moyes and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, it's a great movie. It's a great movie. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
Yes, he did. Paper Towns is written by John Green and stars Sam Trammell.
Yes, Paper Towns was released in 2015. It's a drama.
Yes, Paper Towns is also a Young-adult fiction.
Yes, F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote The Secret History of a Young-adult fiction book. Have you read it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're very welcome!
Sure, Tim Miller starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Yes, The Goon is a great movie and it was directed by Tim Miller
The Goon is a great movie starring Tom Hanks
You're welcome
Sure, Pan's Labyrinth was written by John Scalzi. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, it is in the English language.
I'm not sure, but I do know it was released in 2005.
Sure! You might also enjoy the movie X-Men: Days of Future Past. It is a fantasy movie.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Pat Conroy wrote The Secret Life Aquatic. Have you seen it?
Yes he did. George Carlin also starred in a movie called The Water is Wide.
Yes, he did write Wolf and the Vampire Chronicles
Yes, I do. He wrote  and .
I haven't seen it, but I haven't heard of it. Did you know it was released in 2005?
Yes, I like dramas like The Godfather Part II. Do you like dramas?
Yes, Robert Duvall is a great actor. Did you know he also starred in The Godfather series?
Sure, it was written by J.R. Tolkien. Do you like his books?
Yes, Sean Penn directed Into the Wild which is a thriller.
Sean Penn is a great actor. He also starred in X-Men 2. Have you seen it?
Isn't he a tennis player? I don't know much about him. Do you like tennis?
Yes, Tom Hooper directed The Incredible Hulk and The Incredible Hulk.
Tom Hooper directed Les Miserables, have you seen it?
You're very welcome!
Isn't he a singer-songwriter?
I don't know much about her, but I do know he was born in Honolulu.
I don't know much about Kesha, but I do know he was born in Honolulu.
Yes, he's a great singer and songwriter.
I don't know much, but I know they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like them?
I don't know much about them, but I do know that they are coached by Louis van Gaal.
I don't know, but I do know that they won the World Series.
The Maze Runner series is The Maze Runner and The Maze Runner series.
The Scorch Trials is written by John Scalzi
You're very welcome!
Sure! Arundhati Roy wrote The Secret History of a Young-adult fiction book called The Last Crusade. Have you read it?
The God of Small Things is a science fiction book. Do you like science fiction?
Yes, it was made into a movie.
You're very welcome!
Sure, The Secret Life of Bees was written by John Scalzi. Do you like books by John Scalzi?
The Secret Life of Bees was written by John Scalzi and is a speculative fiction book.
Mark Isham wrote The Secret Life of Bees which was released in 2001
Nina Auerbach wrote Dracula and Dracula. Have you read them?
Do you like her work because it's a thriller?
She is a great author. She has written a lot of books. She has a lot of books. She has a lot of books. She is also a writer and writer.
You're welcome.
Yes, The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring is written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King books?
The Good Doctor is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
Yes, that is a great movie. Orlando Bloom also starred in X-Men: Apocalypse.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by the Dallas Cowboys.
Yes, I like the Dallas Cowboys and the Dallas Cowboys.
Jerry Jones owns the Dallas Cowboys and the Dallas Cowboys.
Sure! Julian Glover starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Yes, it also starred Robert Downey Jr., who is a great actor.
I don't have that information, but I do know it was released in 2005.
Sure! Wuthering Heights was released in 2011. It's a drama/drama film.
Pearl S Buck is an author who wrote The Great Gatsby. Have you read it?
The Good Earth was released in 2001 and is a Historical period drama.
Yes, The Waves was released in 1931. It is a Historical period drama.
You're very welcome!
Isn't Maria Sharapova a tennis player?
She's a great tennis player. She's been in a lot of years. She's also been in the Olympics.
That's a good one. I'm not a huge fan of American Football but I do enjoy watching American Football.
Yes, he is a cricket player and he plays for the Mumbai Indians
Sure, it was written by Laura Esquivel and released in 1989.
I don't have that information. But I can tell you it was released in 1989. It was released in 1989.
You're very welcome!
You're very welcome!
Sure! Do you like the Avengers because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Yes it is written by Zak Penn
Incident at Loch Ness was released in 2005
You're welcome
Crazy, Stupid Love is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
Ryan Gosling and Steve Carell both star in that movie. Have you seen it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! Bernie Wrightson wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of the Living Dead. Have you read those?
It was released in 2005 and is in the English language.
The Dead Zone is a science fiction book.
I'm not sure, but he has starred in The Dead Zone which is a Romance Film
Yes, Forrest Gump is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
Tom Hanks starred in Forrest Gump. He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Tom Hanks has starred in many movies, including The Simpsons, The Simpsons, and The Simpsons Movie.
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
You're very welcome!
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like the Harry Potter series?
Yes, it is a mystery. Do you like that genre?
Yes it does star Pierre Perrier, who also starred in The Returned.
I like the Seattle Seahawks, but I don't know much about them. I'm a Seattle Seahawks fan.
I don't know much about the Cowboys, but I do know they are owned by the Seattle Seahawks. They are owned by the Seattle Seahawks.
Yes, they are in the National Football League and they are in the National Football League.
Stargirl was written by J.R. Tolkien. It was released in 2001.
Sure! Jerry Spinelli also wrote a book called The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. It was released in 2000.
Wicked Lovely was written by Jerry Spinelli. It was released in 2000.
I think Andy Murray is a great tennis player. He is a great tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Yes, he is one of the best tennis players in the world.
Yes, Federer is better than Roger Federer. He's a great tennis player.
Mary GrandPre is a young-adult fiction book. Do you like her books?
Yes, JK Rowlings wrote Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince.
What Alice Forgot is written by Liane Moriarty and released in 2009. Do you like her work?
Yes she did. She also wrote Big Little Lies. Have you read it?
You're very welcome!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like them?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. What is your favorite team?
I don't know much about Jets, but I do know they are doing well this year.
I don't think he's a good coach but I think he's a good coach.
Sure! Bryan Singer starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Stan Lee also wrote X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
The Incredible Hulk stars Robert Downey Jr. and Tom Hanks.
She wrote The Cross and the Switchblade. Have you read that one?
The Hiding Place is a Romance novel written by Elizabeth Sherrill. It is a fiction novel.
You're very welcome.
Yes, Noah Emmerich starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Sure, you might also enjoy the movie X-Men Origins: Apocalypse.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Great, enjoy!
Phil Lord directed Cloudy with a Chance of Fleischballs.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it was written by John Scalzi.
Yes, he was also in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
You're very welcome!
Into the Wild was written by John Scalzi. It's a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Great, I'll add it to your watch list.
Yes, she was in No Strings Attached.
You're very welcome!
Do you like TRON: Legacy because it's a thriller?
Then you might also like The Incredible Hulk or The Incredible Hulk. Have you seen those?
Zombieland is starring Robert Downey Jr., Jeff Bridges, Jeff Bridges
I don't have that information but I do know it was released in 2005
Sure! Anita Diamant wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Bees. Have you read any of these?
Yes, The Last Days of Dogtown is a great one. It was released in 2005.
You're very welcome!
Sure, A Little Princess is a book similar to A Little Princess. Would you like to read it?
The King of Attolia was written by Charles Dickens.
Yes, Megan Whalen Turner also wrote The King of Attolia. Have you read that one?
A Farewell to Arms was written by Charles Dickens. Do you like his work?
A Farewell to Arms is a Fiction Novel, would you like to know other books from this genre?
A Farewell to Arms to Have and Have Not is written by Ernest Hemingway and is a romance novel.
Groundhog Day is a science fiction movie. Do you like science fiction movies?
Year One is starring Robert Downey Jr.
Yes, he did write it
You're welcome!
I don't know much about Linkin Park, but I think it was a great movie. Do you like it because it is a comedy?
Green Lantern is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Green Lantern is a great Sci-Fi movie. You might also like The Dark Knight Rises which is a Sci-Fi movie.
Yes, there is Adventure. Do you like Adventure movies?
Yes, she was in Seven Sons. She also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Sure, Jean-pierre jeunet directed The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it?
Yes, Micmacs is starring Yolande Moreau and Yolande Moreau.
Yes, he started his career as a comedian. He also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
You're welcome.
The Ocean at the End of the Lane is written by Neil Gaiman and released in 2013. Do you like books written by him?
It was written by Neil Gaiman and released in 2013.
You're welcome, enjoy!
No Country for Old Men is starring Robert Downey Jr.
Tommy Lee Jones also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Robert Downey Jr. directed the movie.
The Dictator is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
It's a great movie. It's a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is a spy genre. Do you like spy movies?
You're very welcome!
Me Before You was written by J.R. Tolkien
Jojo Moyes also wrote Me Before You which was released in 2012.
You're very welcome!
Alexandre Dumas is a great actor. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he was the author of The Three Musketeers.
The Count of Monte Cristo and The Three Musketeers are similar novels.
You're very welcome!
Sure, Mark Haddon wrote The Secret History of a Young-adult fiction book called The Little Prince. Have you read that one?
Yes, it's a great movie. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
Yes, it is a great movie. Peter Capaldi also starred in X-Men Origins.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Katherine Paterson wrote The Secret History of a Young-adult fiction novel called The Great Gatsby. Have you read it?
Yes, The Great Gilly Hopkins has a sequel, The Great Gilly Hopkins.
You're very welcome!
Sure! Do you like the Hunger Games because it is a thriller?
If you like thrillers, you might also enjoy The Hunger Games series. Have you seen it?
Shark Night stars Robert Downey Jr. and Jennifer Lawrence. It's a thriller.
Sure, Jamie McGuire wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of a Woman. Have you read those?
Walking Disaster is a Thriller. Do you like those genres?
Yes, I would recommend Xenocide, Xenocide, Xenocide
You're welcome
Do you like the Matrix Reloaded because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Have you seen The Matrix Reloaded? It's a great Sci-Fi movie.
John Wick also starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Reloaded.
You're very welcome!
Isn't she a singer? I like Sia Furler.
Yes, she won the MTV Music Award for Best Performer of the Year
Yes, Australia is on my bucket list. She is a great singer.
Lana Wachowski is a great actress. She starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
I like romance movies, but I prefer Romance. Have you seen it? It's a great movie.
Yes, it's a Romance movie. It's a great movie.
Blood Promise is a novel written by J.R. Tolkien. Do you like books written by him?
Yes, it was written by Richelle Mead and it's a Young-adult novel.
Vampire Academy: The Graphic Novel was written by Richelle Mead.
Yes, he did write Vampire Academy: The Graphic Novel
Sure, do you like it because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
The Lego Movie is a great movie. Do you like it because it is a science fiction movie?
Sure! Do you like the movie because it was a crime fiction movie?
Yes, he did. He also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Tom Skerritt starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Ted Danson is a comedy. It's a drama.
You're very welcome!
Maruice Hindle is a writer and a writer. He wrote The Last Samurai. Have you read it?
Yes, Maurice Hindle wrote The Modern Prometheus which was released in 1818.
Yes, they were written in English. They are also written in English.
Yes, Gustave Flaubert wrote The Great Gatsby. Have you read it?
I'm not sure, but Gustave Flaubert wrote Madame Bovary.
Yes, she did. She also wrote Madame Bovary
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by the Carolina Panthers.
I don't know much about the Cowboys, but I do know they are owned by the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like them?
I don't follow any sports, but I know he was born in Charlotte, North Carolina.
Toy Story is a sequel to Toy Story. Do you like it because it is a thriller?
Toy Story 3 stars Tim Allen, Tim Allen and Tim Allen
I'm not sure, but I think it's a great movie!
Sure, I will send it to you now.
Blake Griffin is a basketball player. He is a point guard for the Denver Broncos.
I don't know much about basketball but I do know he plays for the Denver Broncos.
I don't follow sports, but I'm more of a basketball fan. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys.
Sure, Blade Runner stars Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past which is a Sci-Fi movie.
The Rocketeer is a great movie. It's also a comedy. It's a great movie.
Bood Diamond is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
Yes, he is a great actor. He also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Stephen Collins starred in "The Wolf of Wall Street" and "The Wolf of Wall Street".
Sure, James Nesbitt starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It's a drama. Do you like dramas?
You're very welcome!
Law Abiding Citizen is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Kurt Wimmer also starred in The Last Stand and The Last Stand. Have you seen those?
Kurt Wimmer also wrote Thriller, Psychological Thriller, and Crime Fiction. Have you seen any of these?
Do you like the fifth element because it's a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Do you like science fiction movies?
You're welcome
She's a great artist. She's been in a lot of movies. She's been in a lot of movies. She's also starred in a lot of movies. Do you like her movies?
She has a great voice. She has a great voice. She has a great voice. She has a great voice. She has a great voice. She has a great voice.
Yes, I like Lady Gaga too. She has a great voice. She has a great voice.
Sure! Carlos Ruiz Zafon wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of the Living Dead. Have you read those?
It was released in 2005 and is a fiction book.
Yes, there's a translation version.
Anita Diamant is a novel that was released in 2001. She also wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you read it?
Yes, it is fiction
Anita Diamant also wrote The Red Ten
You're welcome
Sure, The Untouchables is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Capone is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Godfather trilogy is a drama. Do you like dramas?
The French Connection is starring Robert Downey Jr.
You're very welcome!
Yes, I have seen Silence. It was written by Becca Fitzpatrick and released in 2011.
I don't have that information, but I do know it was released in 2012
Sure, you might enjoy the movie X-Men Origins.
12 Years A Slaves is written by Natasha Preston and it is a drama.
You're welcome
Sure! Margaret Stohl wrote The Secret Life and The Life and Life of Pi. Have you read any of those?
Beautiful Darkness is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I'm not sure, but it's a Young Adult Fiction.
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like it because it's a drama?
Young Sherlock Holmes and the House of Secrets are a couple of fantasy movies.
I'm not sure, but it's a great movie. It's a fantasy movie.
You're very welcome!
Sure, The Undomestic Goddess was written by Sophie Kinsella and released in 2005. Do you like her work?
Sophie Kinsella also wrote The Undomestic Goddess. Have you read it?
It's a Romance novel. Do you like Romance?
You're welcome!
Kristin Cashore wrote Graceling and Fire. Have you read either of those?
Yes, Graceling is considered a romance novel
Voyager was written by Kristin Cashore
You are welcome
She wrote The Search which was released in 1943. Have you read it?
A Tree In Brooklyn was released in 2001
Yes it was written in English
Isn't he a football player? I don't know much about him.
I don't know much about football, but I do know he plays for the Chelsea National Football team.
I don't know much about baseball, but I do know that the Mets are owned by Wayne Weaver.
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. What about you?
Yes, David Fincher is a writer and a director. He wrote and starred in a lot of movies. Do you like his movies?
No, I haven't seen it, but I do see it was directed by David Fincher.
Yes, he also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Sure, Embeth Davidtz starred in The Secret Life of Beedle the Dog. Have you seen it?
Shackleton is starring Tom Hanks and Kenneth Branagh.
Shackleton was released in 2005.
William Goldman is a writer and a screenwriter. He wrote and starred in a lot of movies. Do you like his work?
He is a novelist and a screen play writer. He is also a writer.
Yes, he is a great writer. He also wrote Xenocide which is a thriller.
You're welcome.
Sarah Dressen has written a number of books. She has written a number of books, including The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Pi. Have you heard of those?
I'll add them to your reading list.
You're very welcome!
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 stars Robert Downey Jr. and Kevin Spacey.
Yes, Andrew Garfield is married to Emma Stone.
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Social Network.
You're welcome!
Yes, Chinua Achebe is a novelist who wrote The Secret Life Aquatic. Have you read it?
Sure, you might enjoy The Last Stand or The Last Stand. Have you heard of those?
No, I didn't see Casino Royal in the movies, but it was released in 2005.
You're welcome.
Sure! Do you like Pulp Fiction because it's a thriller?
Yes, Jamie Foxx was in that movie as well. He also starred in X-Men 2.
You're welcome
Sure, Mitch Alborn wrote The Secret History of a Young-adult fiction book called The Last Crusade. Have you read that one?
Tuesdays with Morrie is a Thriller
You might also enjoy Xenocide, Xenocide, Xenocide
Do you like the Matrix because it's a Sci-Fi movie?
Ninja Assassin is starring Robert Downey Jr. and Jennifer Lawrence.
The Weekend is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
Yes, Echoes of Silence is a great song. Do you like it because it's a comedy?
I'm not sure, but Echoes of Silence is a great song.
Yes, A Time to Kill is written by John Scalzi and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
John Grisham wrote A Time to Kill which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Brethren was released in 2001.
The Brethren is one of my favorites. The Brethren is one of my favorites.
Yes, The Vanished Man is written in English and is in English.
You're very welcome!
Green Eggs and Ham is written by John Green. Do you like books written by John Green?
Green Eggs and Ham is a great book by Dr. Seuss. Have you read it?
Yes, there's a Wocket in My Pocket is a great book.
You're very welcome!
Yes, he's a great singer. Did you know he starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past?
I like Maroon 5. Did you know he also starred in The Voice?
I haven't seen any of his shows but I do see Maroon 5 is a good one.
Peter Dinklage is a great actor. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Yes, it's science fiction. Do you like science fiction?
You're very welcome!
Yes, The Tragedy of Othello, The Moor of Venice is written by William Shakespeare.
Have you heard of The Tragedy of Othello? It was written by William Shakespeare and released in 1603.
Then you might also enjoy the Romance genre. It's a Romance novel.
You're very welcome!
Anthony Hopkins starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Yes, he did. He also starred in X-Men 2.
The movie was released in 2001.
Anthony Hopkins also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
You're welcome
Dave McKean is a great actor. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Absolute Sandman.
Dave McKean starred in The Absolute Sandman: The Absolute Sandman: Volume One, Volume One, and Endless Nights.
Yes, the Graveyard Book is considered Children's literature.
You're very welcome!
Sure! Her is a romance film released in 2013 and stars Scarlett Johansson. Do you like romance movies?
Scarlett Johansson is a film starring Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks. It was released in 2013.
You got it! She's a great actress. She's also starred in The Prestige.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're very welcome!
Yes, it is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
Yes, Uma Thurman also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Yes, John Travolta is in Pulp Fiction, have you seen it?
I don't know much about the Tennessee Titans but I do know they are owned by the Tennessee Titans.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he was a quarterback for the Seattle Seahawks.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he was born in Nashville.
Robert Duvall starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Yes, he did write the Apostle with Farrah Fawcett.
Sure, Billy Bob also starred in The Apostle and The Apostle. Have you seen those?
Yes, Christina Perri is a singer-songwriter and songwriter. She starred in a lot of movies. She was also a writer.
yes she does. she also plays the guitar.
Wayman Tisdale is a great basketball player. Did you know he was born in Los Angeles?
i haven't heard much of his music but I do know he is a great player.
I think he's a great singer. He's been in a lot of movies. I think he's a great singer. He's also a musician.
I'm not sure, but I know he starred in a lot of movies. He was also a musician.
That's a great one. Did you know he also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past?
Yes, The Fellowship of the Ring is based on the book by the same author as The Lord of the Ring.
Yes, he was in The Hobbit series. Have you seen it?
Yes, he also starred in The Lord of the Rings and The Lord of the Rings.
The Battle of Labyrinth is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
The Titan's Curse is part of the series. The next in the series is The Titan's Curse.
Yes, Greek Mythology is a great book. Do you like Greek Mythology?
You're very welcome!
He directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen it?
The Simpsons Movie is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Have you seen The Simpsons Movie? It's a great Animation movie.
You're very welcome!
Jennifer L. Armentrout is a writer and a writer. She wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Bees. Have you read those?
Yes, it was a play. Would you like to read it?
Yes, she did. She is also a writer and a writer.
I hope you enjoy them!
Mhari Calvery is a writer and author. She wrote The Secret Life and The Life Aquatic. Do you like her work?
Robert Downey Jr. also starred in Braveheart.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're very welcome!
Yes, I do. He wrote The Great Gatsby. Have you read it?
The Bone Clocks is written by David Mitchell. It's a great book. It's in English.
The Bone Clocks is written by David Mitchell. It's part of a series of books.
You're very welcome!
Sure, he directed The Last Man in the Water. Have you seen that one?
Slither stars Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks.
Zach Gilford also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, Paul Werstine wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Pi. Have you read those?
Yes, it was released in 1606.
Yes, it was written by William Shakespeare. It is a drama.
Yes, Elysium is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like his movies?
I'm not sure if it's a good movie, but Elysium is starring Tom Hanks.
Yes, he's a great actor. He also starred in The Martian. Have you seen it?
Yes, Interstellar is a great movie. It also stars Matt Damon.
You're welcome!
I don't know when he came out, but I do know he was a singer and songwriter.
Yes, there was a popular single released on the radio.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a singer and songwriter.
I like a lot of hard rock. I'm more of a rock fan. I'm more of a rock fan myself.
He wrote рестуление и накаание.
Words in nature was released in 2005
Yes, it is a thriller.
I don't know much about Thiago Silva, but I know he is a Brazilian professional footballer.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a Brazilian professional tennis player from Brazil.
Yes, she's a great athlete. She's a great athlete. She's a great athlete.
Cao Chi wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes. Have you read it?
Stephen Hawking also wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes. Have you read this one?
Robert Downey Jr. starred in Alien Planet. It's a great movie.
You're very welcome!
Brendon Urie is a singer-songwriter and songwriter. Do you like his music?
Sure! Under the Tuscan Sun was written by the same author as Under the Tuscan Sun. Would you like to know more?
I don't have that information, but I do know it was released in 2005.
Under Magnolia: A Southern Memoir was released in 2005.
Brad Garrett starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, and X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen those?
The Pacifier is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Underdog is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
City of God is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Escapist is a Thriller starring Seu Jorge. It was released in 2005.
Yes, he also starred in X-Men: Apocalypse.
Jay Asher is a great actor. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
Sure, you might like The Westing Game or The Short Second of Life. Both are young adult books.
You might also enjoy The White Stag by Kate Seredy. It's a great book.
The Dead and the Gone was released in 2011.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
City of Lost Souls is written by Christopher Nolan. Do you like his work?
The Mortal Instruments was released in 2005.
The Mortal Instruments was also released in 2011.
You are Not So Smart is a great book.
The Historian is written by John Scalzi. It's a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure. The Historian is a great suspense book. It was released in 2001. It is a great book.
Sure, Thrill is a thriller. It was released in 2011. It is a thriller.
You're very welcome.
Do you like the book Thief because it is a science fiction book?
Help is a great movie. Did you know it was written by John Scalzi?
Yes, he did. He also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're very welcome!
Do you like Sherlock Holmes because it's a thriller?
The Ghost and the Darkness is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, it stars Val Kilmer. He also starred in X-Men 2.
You're very welcome!
Sure, Rupert Sanders directed Snow White and the Huntsman. Have you seen it?
Yes, she did star in Snow White and the Huntsman, have you seen it?
The Brothers Grimm wrote Snow White and the Huntsman
You're welcome.
Yes, The Mark of Athena is written by Ernest Hemingway. It is a Romance novel.
The Titan's Curse was written by Rick Riordan. Would you like to read it?
You're very welcome!
I don't know much about them, but I do know that they are a great band. Do you like them?
The Muppets is a great movie. Did you know Selena Gomez starred in The Muppets?
Yes, Zach Galifianakis also starred in What Happens in Vegas which is a great movie.
Yes, I like Lady Gaga. She's a great singer. Did you know she starred in The Lady in the Zoo?
Yes, he was in that movie as well. Did you know he also starred in X-Men 2?
Yes, Michael Ealy is in that movie as well. He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Sure, James L. Brooks starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
Yes, as good as it Get is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like Romantic Comedy?
Yes Man is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
Evan Goldberg is a director, director and director. He was also a director. He was also a director. He was also a director.
Emma Watson is a great actress. Emma Watson also starred in This is the End, have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but it's a fantasy movie.
You're very welcome!
John G. Avildsen is a writer and a politician. He wrote The Last Crusade. Have you read it?
Yes, The Karate Kid is a martial arts movie. Do you like martial arts movies?
John G. Avildsen starred in The Last Dragon, which is a drama.
Yes, she is from the Cosby show.
You're welcome.
Harry Potter and the Phoenix was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like Harry Potter movies?
The Queen of Attolia is a drama
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on this movie
There are 3 in the series
Yes, it is directed by J.K. Rowling
You're welcome
The Clan of the Cave Bear was written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
Yes, Jean Auel wrote The Clan of the Cave Bear, which is a Speculative Fiction/Horror Fiction.
Sure, The Shelters of Stone is written by Jean Auel and is part of a series of books. It's part of a series.
Zoe's Tale is a speculative fiction book written by Jean Auel. Would you like to read it?
You're very welcome!
Sure! Derek Jacobi starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Underworld: Evolution Unforgivable Blackness also stars Robert Downey Jr. and Derek Jacobi.
Yes, he also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Yes, he did star in Trouble in Mind and added to playlist.
Isn't he a cricket player that plays for the Mumbai Indians?
I don't know much about cricket but I do know he plays for the Mumbai Indians.
I don't know much about tennis, but I do know that Tiger Woods is a tennis player from India.
Yes, he's a great athlete. I think he's a good athlete.
Isn't he a basketball player? Isn't he a point guard for the Chicago Bears?
That's a great movie. Did you know Michael Jordan also starred in X-Men Origins?
That's a great movie. Did you know he also starred in X-Men 2.
I'm not a huge fan of the Denver Broncos, but I think they are a good team.
The Sea of Monsters is a great book by the same author. Do you like books by the same author?
The Lightning Theif is a fantasy novel.
Rick Riordan also wrote Xenocide which is a fantasy book.
F. Scott Fitzgerald is a great author. He wrote The Great Gatsby. Have you read it?
It was released in 2005 and is a fiction book.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're very welcome!
Do you like Michael Crichton because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Michael Crichton has written a number of books. He also wrote Xenocide, Xenocide, and Xenocide. Have you read those?
Robin Cook is a writer and a writer. He was born in New York City. He is also a writer and a writer.
You're welcome.
Ratatouille is a great movie. He also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Incredibles.
You're very welcome!
Jeremy Tambling wrote David Copperfield and David Copperfield. Have you read those?
Yes, it is a biography
Jeremy Tambling also wrote a book called The Last Temptation
Ed Sheeran is a great singer. Did you know he also starred in a movie called The Great Gatsby?
Yes, it was a great song by Ed Sheeran. Did you know he also wrote The Awakening?
Yes, he wrote The Awakening and The Awakening.
Cat's Cradle is written by John Scalzi. It's a young adult fiction book. Do you like young adult fiction?
Do you like Siddhartha because it is a speculative fiction?
The Thief of Always was written by J.R. Tolkien.
Clive Barker also wrote a book called The Thriller of the Dawn Treader.
You're very welcome!
Yes, it is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a fantasy movie?
Then you might enjoy The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers. It's a fantasy movie.
That's a good one. He's a great writer. He was born in Orlando.
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes is a book similar to The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes. Have you read it?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
Yes, it's a short story. It's also a thriller.
Yes, The Girl on the Train is a great book. It was written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King books?
The Perfect Game was written by Rick Riordan.
Yes, you might also enjoy The Girl on the Train. It was filmed in Mexico.
Yes, he is a great singer and songwriter. Do you like his music?
I don't know much of her fathers music, but I do know he is a singer and songwriter.
Yes, I like Zooey Deschanel. She's a great singer. She's a great singer.
Yes, I do. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Nora Dunn stars in Three Kings, have you seen it?
Sure, you might also like The Last Samurai which is a comedy.
You're welcome!
Where the Heart Is is written by John Scalzi. It's a young-adult fiction book. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes, Christopher Bigsby also wrote The Crucible. Have you seen it?
Yes, All My Sons is a drama.
Yes, you might also enjoy The Last Man in the Water, which is also a drama.
You're welcome!
Mark Margolis starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Yes, she starred in The Wrestler and The Thomas Crown Affair.
Yes, she starred in The Wrestler and The Thomas Crown Affair. Have you seen those?
Yes, it is a great movie. I hope you enjoy it!
You're very welcome!
Sure, David Yates directed The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby. Have you seen those?
He has also starred in a few movies like The Legend of Tarzan and Harry Potter. Have you seen those?
You're very welcome!
Sure, Joseph Heller wrote The Great Gatsby. Have you read it?
Catch-22 is a historical fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
You're very welcome!
Sure, Stefan Kapicic starred in Deadpool. Have you seen it?
Robert Downey Jr. is also in Deadpool.
I don't have that information, but Ryan Reynolds also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Sure! Do you like books written by J.R.R. Tolkien?
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
Sure, E Lockhart wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of the Living Dead. Have you read those?
Yes. We Were Liars is in the English language.
You're welcome.
Do you like Interstellar because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Do you like Sci-Fi movies because it's Sci-Fi?
Sure, you might also like The Last Stand or The Last Stand. Have you seen these?
Robert Downey Jr. and Robert Downey Jr. are in this movie.
Then you might also like The Last Stand, which is a sci-fi movie.
Isn't he a singer-songwriter?
I don't know if it's a genre, but I do know he is a singer and songwriter.
I don't know if it's a genre, but I do know he's a singer and songwriter.
Sure, Kurt Wimmer directed The Last Stand which is a thriller. Have you seen it?
Yes, she starred in Equilibrium. Have you seen it?
She's a great actress. She also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past which is a drama.
You're very welcome!
Sidney Lumet is a singer-songwriter and songwriter. Do you like her work?
I don't have any other books written by him, but I do know that Sidney Lumet is a writer.
Crime is a fiction book
Sure, The Selection is written by Kiera Cass. Do you like her work?
Kiera Cass also wrote The Selection which is also a Young-adult fiction.
I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Sure! Richard Linklater directed The Last Stand. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Waking Life is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You're welcome!
Sure, Rich Moore directed The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it?
The Fault in Our Stars was written by Steven Spielberg. Do you like him?
John Green wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
Paper Towns is a great book. I hope you enjoy it.
Good Will Hunting was directed by Robert Downey Jr.
Yes, Gus Van Sant also directed a few Indie films. Have you seen any of them?
Yes, he was in that as well. He also starred in X-Men Origins.
Yes, he did. He also starred in My Own Private Idaho. Have you seen that one?
David Sedaris is a writer and a director. He wrote The Last Crusade. Have you heard of it?
David Sedaris wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames and SantaLand Diaries. Are you familiar with those?
Yes, he was also influenced by John Scalzi. He was also a writer.
We Were Liars was written by E Lockhart and released in 2014.
E. Lockhart wrote The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it was released in 2014.
You're very welcome!
Yes, Charles Frazier is an author. He wrote The Last Crusade. Have you read it?
Thirteen Moons is a historical novel. Do you like historical novels?
A Tale of Two Cities was written by Charles Frazier. It is a historical novel.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are a great band. Do you like them?
I'm not sure, but I do know they are a band of theirs. They're very popular. They are a lot of popular bands.
Yes, Scott O'Dell starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
Scott O'Dell is a writer and a screenwriter. He also wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of a Woman.
Yes, he wrote Island of the Blue Dolphins and Sing Down the Moon.
He is a table tennis player from China. Do you like table tennis?
Yes he did. He also participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
You're welcome.
Het Achterhuis: Dagboekbrieven 14 juni 1942 - 1 augustusus 1944
It is in English and is in English
Yes, Eleanor Roosevelt also wrote a book called The Great Gatsby which was released in 1944.
You're welcome!
Goodfellas is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
Robert DeNiro starred in Goodfellas. Have you seen it?
Do you like Robert DeNiro because it's a thriller?
Robert De Niro starred in What Just Happened.
Yes, it is written by Art Linson.
You're welcome.
Do you like 12 Angry Men because it is a thriller?
It is starring Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks.
I'm not sure of the release date.
You're very welcome!
The Boston Celtics are a professional basketball team. Do you like them?
I don't watch much football, but I do like the Boston Celtics. Do you like them?
I don't watch basketball, but I do like the Lakers.
Yes, he's a great basketball player. He's a great player.
Yes, Ed Stoppard is a great actor. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
Yes, Jason Statham also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Simon West is a great director. Simon West also directed The Last Crusade.
Natalie Babbitt is a writer and author. She wrote The Last Samurai. Have you read that one?
Yes, Tuck Everlasting is a romance novel. Do you like children's literature?
Yes, Voyager is a romance novel. It was released in 2005.
You're welcome.
The Perks of Being a Wallflower is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Roland Emmerich also produced The Perks of Being a Wallflower. Have you seen it?
Yes, that is correct. Tom McCarthy starred in Independence Day.
You're very welcome!
He starred in Gravity. Have you seen it?
Gravity was released in 2005.
Gravity was released in 2013.
Gravity is a Sci-Fi movie. Other Sci-fi movies you might enjoy include The Secret Life of Pi and The Secret Life of Pi
You're very welcome!
I don't know much about the Oakland Raiders, but I do know they are owned by the Dallas Cowboys.
The Oakland Raiders moved to Los Angeles in the 80s and moved to Oakland in the 80s.
I don't know much about Oakland, but they're in the AFC West.
Sure, The Prestige is written by John Scalzi. It's a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, The Prestige is written by Christopher Nolan
Rebecca Hall also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past
You're welcome
Catch 22 was written by Stephen King. It's a Speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is a war novel. Do you like war novels?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information, but it was released in 1961.
You're welcome.
Sure, P.C. Cast wrote The Secret Life and Life of Pi. Have you read any of those?
Sure. It was released in 2005. It's a romance novel.
You're very welcome!
Yes, A Tale of Two Cities is written by Charles Dickens. It's a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
Yes, White Teeth is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
Yes, it was written by Zadie Smith. Would you like to read it?
You're very welcome!
Sure, John Lasseter directed The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it?
Cars 2 was released in 2005.
Cars 2 also starred Peter Jacobson. Peter Jacobson also starred in X-Men 2.
You're very welcome!
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a boxer and boxer.
She's a great actress. She's been in a lot of movies. She's been in a lot of movies. She's been in a lot of movies. She's been in a lot of movies. She's been in a lot of movies.
Yes, Denzel Washington is talented. He also starred in The Titans which is a comedy.
The Denver Broncos are owned by Tom Brady. Do you like the Broncos?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like them?
I don't know too much about the Redskins, but I do like the Redskins.
Sure, it was written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King books?
Yes, Wyrd Sisters is written by Terry Pratchett
Speculative Fiction is a great one. You might also like The Great Gatsby by Terry Pratchett
He plays for the Seattle Seahawks. Do you like basketball?
I don't know, but I know he is a basketball player
Yes, he did play with the Warriors.
You're welcome!
Anthony Heald is a great actor. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
Yes, Ted Tally wrote The Silence of the Lambs and The Silence of the Lambs. Have you seen those?
Yes, Ted Tally Tally also wrote The Juror, which is a drama. Have you seen it?
You're very welcome!
Yes, I like Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, Shia Lebouf is in that movie as well.
Shia Lebouf also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Russell Westbrook is a basketball player. He is a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks. Do you like basketball?
I don't know much about basketball but I do know he is a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks.
Yes, they were the Bulls in the 90's.
Sure, Hush Hush is a Speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is a series.
Yes, it's a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
You're very welcome!
You're welcome!
I know he is a golfer from London. He plays golf.
I don't know much about Tiger Woods, but I know he is a great golfer. He was born in New York City.
No, I haven't seen this movie, but I haven't seen it yet.
I don't know much about Miami Dolphins, but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by David Nichols.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by David Nichols.
Yes, he is a writer and a writer. He wrote a lot of books. Is there a particular genre you are looking for?
Sure, Rayuela is a speculative fiction novel. It was released in 2001.
You're welcome.
Yes, she is a singer. She's a great singer. She's also a singer.
No, I didn't know that. She was also in The Giver.
The Giver is a science fiction movie. It was released in 2005.
Yes, it's a great book. It was written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King books?
John Green also wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you read it?
It's a great book. It was released in 2005.
You're welcome.
Truman Capote is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he did. He also starred in a movie called X-Men: Days of Future Past.
No, I haven't seen it. Is it a crime fiction movie?
Nathan Greno starred in The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby. Have you seen those?
Yes, Mandy Moore was in Tangled. He was also in X-Men 2. Have you seen it?
Sure, you might also enjoy The Last Manchurian Candidate or The Last Manchurian Candidate.
Yes, he was in Toy Story 2. He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Yes, Tom Hanks was in that movie as well. He also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
You're very welcome!
Yes, I like it. It was written by J.R.R. Tolkien. Do you like his work?
The Goonies is a great Sci-Fi movie. If you like Sci-Fi, you might also enjoy The Goonies.
I don't have that information but I do know it was released in 2005.
A Beautiful Mind was written by John Scalzi. It is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, you might also enjoy the movie X-Men 2. It's a great movie.
You're very welcome!
The Godfather Part III stars Marlon Brando and Marlon Brando.
The Scent of a Woman is directed by Marlon Brando.
Yes, Joe Mantegna starred in The Scent of a Woman.
He has starred in many of his movies. He also starred in The Scent of a Woman. Have you seen it?
Sure! Witless Protection is a Sci-Fi film. It's a Sci-Fi movie.
Sure, you might also enjoy the movie X-Men: Days of Future Past, X-Men: Days of Future Past.
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is a great one.
You're welcome!
Yes, she's a singer. She's a great singer. She's a great singer.
She is a singer and songwriter. She is a very talented singer. She is a singer.
She has a few albums. She is also a singer and a singer.
Yes, Linkin Park is a great song. Did you know it was released in 2001?
I don't know much of their songs, but I do know they are a great band. Do you like them?
I'm not a big fan of the genre, but I'm more of a Beatles fan. I'm more of a Beatles fan.
Sure, Craig T. Nelson starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Pete Doctor also starred in The Incredibles. Have you seen it?
Craig T. Nelson also starred in The Incredibles. Have you seen it?
Yes, Tyrone Giordano also starred in The Incredibles. Have you seen it?
Diane Keaton also starred in The Great Gatsby, which is a great movie.
You're very welcome!
Sure, Sylvia Plath wrote The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby. Have you read those?
Yes, The Journals of Sylvia Plath is written by Sylvia Plath. Do you like her work?
I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he was a great singer. He was also a musician and a musician.
Yes, Billy Jean is a great ballad. Do you like ballads?
Yes, it's about the whale. It's a great movie.
Tim Miller is a director, director and director. He starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Deadpool is a crime fiction film.
Zoolander was directed by Robert Downey Jr.
You're very welcome!
Sure, he wrote II Principe.
It's written by Niccol Machiavelli and was released in 1513.
It was written by Niccol Machiavelli and released in 1513.
It was written by Niccol Machiavelli and released in 1513.
Yes, Carlos Ruiz Zafón is a Brazilian professional soccer player who plays for the Brazil national football team
Marina was released in 2011. It was released in 2011.
Yes, it was written in English.
Alice Walker wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you read that one?
The Color Purple is a novel written by Alice Walker. It's a fantasy novel.
Yes, it is Musical
Memento is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. It is a Thriller.
Memento is written by Christopher Nolan, and produced by Christopher Nolan.
You're welcome!
Karim Benzema is a soccer player. He plays for the Germany national football team.
Yes, he is a midfielder for Real Madrid. Do you like him?
That's a great team, I like the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like them?
Do you like the Scarlet Letter because it's a thriller?
John Irving is a writer and a writer. He wrote The Secret Life and Life of Pi. Have you read any of those?
The World According to Garp is a fantasy novel written by John Irving.
I don't have that information, but The Cider House Rules was released in 2005.
You're very welcome!
Yes, F. Gary Gray is a writer and a screenwriter. He wrote and starred in a lot of movies. Do you like his work?
Yes, she was in Princess Mononoke. Have you seen it?
Sure. Treasure Planet is a great movie. It was released in 2005.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
Ocean's Thirteen is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure, The Fight Club is a Thriller, starring Tom Hanks. It is a drama.
I don't have that information, but if you like comedy, you might also enjoy The Fault in Our Stars. It is a comedy.
Yes, Brad Pitt also starred in The Fault in Our Stars, which is a comedy.
You're very welcome!
The Theory of Everything was written by John Scalzi and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, you might enjoy The Last Stand or The Great Gatsby.
Yes, Jane Eyre is a Romantic film. It also stars Emily Watson. Would you like to hear more?
Isn't he a cricket player from India?
That's a great sport. It's a very popular sport. Do you like cricket?
Yes, he was born in India and is a cricket player.
I don't know much about them, but I do know that they are owned by the Dallas Cowboys.
Mike Brown is a great coach, he was born in Los Angeles, California.
Holes was written by J.R. Tolkien. Do you like him?
Louis Sachar also wrote Holes. Have you heard of it?
That's a great book. I hope you enjoy it.
I know he is a basketball player. He is a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks.
He played for the Golden State Warriors in 2012. He was also in the NBA Finals.
They are a couple of basketball movies. They are a couple of my favorites.
You're very welcome!
Ethan Suplee is a singer-songwriter and a musician. He was born in New York City. Do you like his work?
Sure, Vulgar is a movie starring Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks. It's a comedy.
Vulgar is a great movie. It was released in 2005. It's a comedy.
Kevin Smith is a great actor. He also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
You're very welcome!
I don't know much but I know they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like them?
I don't know much about soccer, but I do know they are coached by Louis van Gaal.
Yes, Wizard's First Rule is written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King books?
Have you read Wizard's First Rule or Wizard's First Rule?
It's a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Nineteen Eighty-Four is written by Stephen King. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Nineteen Eighty-Four is a novel. It was released in 1949.
Yes, he has written a number of fiction novels. He also wrote Xenocide and Xenocide.
Down and Out in Paris is a fiction novel.
I hope you enjoy it!
The Shadow of the Torturer is a fiction novel.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
No, I haven't heard of him. Is he a quarterback?
I'm not sure if they'd be better, but they're a good team.
That's right. Stephen Gostkowski is the quarterback for the Patriots. He's a great quarterback.
I don't know much about Floyd Mayweather, but I know he is a boxer and a boxer. Do you like him?
I'm not sure, but he's a great boxer. Do you like boxing?
Yes, he's a boxer. He's a great athlete.
Sure! Do you like the Time Machine because it is a science fiction book?
The City was written by John Scalzi. Do you like his work?
The City is a fantasy book
Do you like Twilight because it's a thriller?
Yes, it's a romance movie. Do you like romance movies? It's a great movie.
Sure, it was released in 2005 and stars Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks.
Great, I hope you enjoy them both.
Sure! Andrew Garfield starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
The Amazing Spider-Man is a sci-fi film. It was released in 1999.
Yes, she won the Academy Award for Best Actress of the Year Award.
Sure! Do you like self-help books?
You might also enjoy The Secret Life and The Secret Life of a Woman.
Yes, he also wrote The Seven Habits of Highly Effective People. Have you read that one?
You're very welcome!
It's a great movie. It was written by John Scalzi. Do you like him?
Jack Reacher is written by John Scalzi. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Tom Cruise also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
Shark Night also stars Tom Cruise and Tom Cruise. It's a great movie.
Yes, Kendrick Lamar is a singer-songwriter and songwriter. Do you like his music?
Yes, I like Ziggy Marley. He is also a musician and songwriter.
Yes, he is a great singer. He is also a musician and a musician. Do you like him?
Ratatouille is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Ratatouille is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome!
Sure, Se7en is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Then you might enjoy The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. It's a thriller. It's a thriller.
Zodiac is starring Tom Hanks and Kevin Spacey. It's a great movie.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
The Paris Wife is written by Paula McLain and released in 2011.
No, I haven't read it, but I haven't read it.
Circlingling the Sun was released in 2011.
Yes, it was written in English and is in English.
She's a great singer. She's been in a lot of movies. Did you know she starred in a lot of movies? She's a great singer.
I haven't heard any of her songs, but I haven't heard any of her songs. She is a great singer.
Yes, she has a lot of celebrity fans. She has a lot of celebrity fans. She has a lot of celebrity fans. She is a great singer.
I haven't seen American Idol, but I haven't seen it. Is it a comedy?
Yes, City of Fallen Angels is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
Sure! City of Fallen Angels is a fantasy/Adventure book written by John Scalzi. It's a great book.
Sure, she also wrote The Mortal Instruments: A Tale of the Hidden Side of the Earth. It's part of a series of books.
You're very welcome!
Yes, Terry George directed The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it?
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Other Boleyn Girl is starring Robert Downey Jr..
Yes, The Other Boleyn Girl is a drama.
Sure, The Other Boleyn Girl is a drama. Do you like dramas?
The Other Boleyn Girl is starring Robert Downey Jr..
Sure, Franz Kafka wrote The Secret History of the World's Worst Dog. Have you read it?
Sure. The Castle is a speculative fiction book that was released in 2001.
The book America is a fiction book. Do you like fiction books?
You're very welcome!
Steven Spielberg starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
Tom Hanks and Nathalie Baye also star in Catch Me If You Can.
Sure, Paula Hawkins wrote The Secret History of a Young-adult fiction book called The Little Prince. Have you read that one?
Yes, it was released in 2015 and it was a movie.
You're very welcome!
Kiera Cass has written a number of books. She has written a lot of books. She has written a lot of books. She has written a lot of books. She has written a lot of books. She has written a lot of books. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The Siren is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, she's a great niece! She's also been in The Siren and The Selection. Have you seen those?
The Modern Prometheus is written by John Scalzi and is a speculative fiction book.
Sure, Percy Bysshe Shelley wrote The Modern Prometheus, and The Modern Prometheus.
He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
She also starred in a movie called X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Yes, Paper Towns is written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King movies?
Yes, The Fault in Our Stars is written by John Green and it's a young-adult fiction.
Isn't he a basketball player? Isn't he a point guard?
Yes, he was also a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks
I don't know much about them, but Walt Frazier was a point guard in the NBA.
The Scorch Trials was written by John Scalzi and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're very welcome!
No, I haven't heard of Wall-E. Is there anything else I can help with?
X-Men is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Robert Downey Jr. is in that movie.
Volcano is a sci-fi movie starring Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks. It was released in 2011.
Moulin Rouge is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes Missy Eliot was in that movie. She also starred in X-Men 2.
Missy Eliot was the lead lead in Moulin Rouge. She also starred in X-Men 2.
You're welcome
He is a soccer player. He plays for the Portugal national football team.
I don't watch much soccer, but I do know he plays for Real Madrid C.F..
I don't know much about soccer but I do know that he plays for Real Madrid C.F..
I like American Football, but I don't know much about American football. I do like American Football.
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys.
I think they will be in the Super Bowl this year.
Alan Rickman is an actor and actor. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Scarface is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Oliver Stone is a crime/thriller. Do you like crime/thriller movies?
Yes, Rachel Ticotin is a great actress. Did you know she also starred in a movie called The Great Gatsby?
You're very welcome!
Jonathan Dayton has starred in a lot of movies. He was also a writer and a director. Do you like his work?
That's a great movie. Did you know Abigail Breslin also starred in X-Men 2?
The Incredible Burt Wonderstone was released in 1999.
You're welcome!
Jason Derulo is a singer-songwriter and songwriter. Do you like his music?
Yes, she is a great singer. Did you know she also starred in X-Men
Yes she won American Idol
What Alice Forgot is written by Liane Moriarty and released in 2009. Do you like her work?
I don't have that information, but I do know it was released in 2001.
Do you like Ender's Game because it's a thriller?
Speakers of the Dead is speculative fiction
Waylander was written by Steven Spielberg.
You're welcome.
Sure, Aladdin is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Princess and the Frog was directed by Aladdin
You're welcome
Yes, Lady Gaga is a great actress. She starred in the movie The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen it?
She's a great actress. She's also starred in The Last Stand, which is a great movie.
Yes, she was in The Muppets too.
I love Coldplay. Do you like it because it's a Thriller?
Do you like Yellow because it's a comedy or a comedy?
Yes they did. They were released in Amsterdam.
Sure, Nathan Lane starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
He starred in Titan A. E. and Trixie. Do you like comedies?
Yes, she is in Trixie. Did you know she also starred in Titan A. E.?
You're welcome.
Kahil Gilbran is a writer and a writer. He wrote The Last Crusade. Have you read it?
The Prophet is a Thriller. what else can i do for you today?
The Prophet was released in 2001. anything else i can answer for you today?
you are welcome
Yes, Justin Timberlake is a singer-songwriter and songwriter. He starred in a lot of movies. Do you like him?
Justin Timberlake is a great singer. He has a lot of songs. He is also a musician. Do you like his music?
I'm not sure, but he has a lot of genres. He has a lot of genres. He has a lot of genres. Is that something you're looking for?
Yes, I like Ayn Rand. He is a great actor. He starred in Ayn Rand. Have you seen it?
It's a speculative fiction book written by Ayn Rand
It was released in 2001
Is there anything else I can help you with
Do you like the Wolverine because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Rise of the Guardians is a Sci-Fi movie.
William Joyce also wrote X-Men: Days of Future Past.
You're very welcome!
Yes, it is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
Mike Starr starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Sure, Mike Starr also starred in The Last Dragon. Have you seen it?
Robert Downey Jr. wrote Blood and Wine.
Shooter is a Sci-Fi movie. It was written by Steven Spielberg. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Stephen Hunter and Jonathan Lemkin star in Shooter. It is a thriller.
Yes, Tate Donovan and Mike Dopud star in the O.C. series.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Godfather is a Romance film. Do you like Romance films?
Then you might also enjoy The Godfather. It's a great movie.
Training Day is starring Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks. It is a drama.
Maleficent is starring Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks. Do you like dramas?
Sure Angelina Jolie Pitt also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Yes, she was in the movie Mr and Mrs Smith. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was in Wedding Crashers with Owen Wilson.
Yes, he was in The Bone Collector. It's a great movie.
Thomas Muller plays for the Manchester United F.C.
He plays for the Germany national football team.
Toni Kroos plays for the Germany national football team for the Germany national football team.
Isn't he a soccer player?
I don't know much about soccer but I know he plays for the Portugal national football team.
Cristina Ronaldo is a soccer player from Portugal. He plays for the Portugal national football team.
Do you like the Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring because it is a thriller?
Yes, John Travolta starred in Edge of Tomorrow. Have you seen it?
John Travolta also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Yes, he was great in that movie. He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
500 Days of Summer is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Then you might also like The Great Gatsby. It's a great movie.
No, I haven't seen Pacifier, but I haven't seen it yet.
Yes, Margaret Stohl is a writer and a writer. She wrote a book called The Great Gatsby. Have you read it?
Margaret Stohl is a writer and a writer. She has written many books. She also wrote a series of books. She's also written a series of books. She's also a writer.
Yes. Beautiful Creatures was turned into a movie. Would you like to know more about it?
I don't know much about them, but I think they are a good team. Do you like the Yankees?
George Steinbrenner is from the United States of America.
Yes, it was written by J.K. Rowling.
Yes Michael Pavone produced Inside Out, which is a Thriller.
Michael Pavone also produced a movie called X-Men 2. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but Michael Pavone also produced Inside Out which is a thriller.
Inside Out is a comedy. It was released in 2005 and is a comedy.
Michael Rapaport is a great actor. Michael Rapaport also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Good Will Hunting is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like his movies?
Yes, he did write Good Will Hunting and Robin Williams
No, I haven't seen Push, Nevada, but I haven't seen Push, Nevada
You're very welcome!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver. Do you like them?
I haven't heard much of Joe Montana playing on the 49ers but I do like the 49ers when Joe Montana played on them.
I don't know much about the Steelers, but I do know the Steelers won the Super Bowl XL
Do you like the Thorn Birds because it is a science fiction book?
The Women of Brewster Place was written by John Scalzi.
Gloria Naylor starred in The Women of Brewster Place.
Gloria Naylor also starred in The Women of Brewster Place.
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
Dark Lover was written by J.R. Ward and released in 2005. It's part of a series.
Yes, it was released in 2005 and it is a thriller.
The Mist is a great sci-fi thriller. Do you like sci-fi books?
The Mist is a sci-fi thriller and The Maze Runner is a great one. You might also enjoy The Mist.
You got it!
Shelley Duvall has starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
It's a horror film. It's a great movie. It's a drama.
Sure, I'll add it to your watch list.
You're very welcome!
Oliver Hirschbiegel starred in Xenocide. Have you seen it?
The Invasion is starring Robert Downey Jr., and Oliver Hirschbiegel.
She also starred in The Invasion of the Body Snatchers.
You're very welcome!
Yes, he is an American professional basketball player. He's a point guard for the Miami Heat.
Cadillac Records is a great movie. She also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Lady Gaga is one of the most talented singers of her time. Did you know she starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo?
No, I haven't seen it, but I'll add it to my watch list.
Will Smith is a great actor. Will Smith also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Martin Gardner starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, and X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen those?
Essential readings for the Non-believer was released in 2001. It's part of a series of books.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything I can help you with?
You're very welcome!
The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Orlando Bloom starred in The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers and The Two Towers. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, he also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
You're welcome!
Isn't Sylvia Plath a singer-songwriter?
Yes, he is a great golfer. Do you like golf?
Yes, I like Caddyshack and Happy Gilmore. Have you seen them?
Yes, it was directed by Harold Ramis. Have you seen it?
Sure! Eric Bress directed The Last Stand which is a thriller. Have you seen it?
The Butterfly Effect is a thriller.
You're welcome.
Now You See Me is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Pelican Brief is a Thriller. It was released in 2005. It's a drama.
It is a crime/action film directed by Alan Pakula. It was released in 2005.
Juno is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Young Adult films are a great one. You might also like The Last Samurai or The Last Crusade.
Yes it is a comedy. Do you like comedy movies?
Bradley Cooper starred in The Perks of Being a Wallflower
Bradley Cooper also starred in a movie called The Last Jedi. Have you seen it?
Yes, he also starred in The Hangover, which is a comedy
M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans and The Light Between Oceans.
Sure, The light Between Oceans was released in 2012.
Then you might also like The Dark Knight Rises or The Dark Knight Rises.
Have a great day!
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Do you like books written by Jane Austen?
Lullaby was written by J.R. Tolkien.
Chuck Palahniuk also wrote Xenocide, and Xenocide. Have you read those?
Yes, Shooter is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
It's a great movie. Did you know Tate Donovan also starred in a movie called X-Men?
Peter Gallagher also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
That was a great movie. He also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Rocky is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sylvester Stallone is a boxer and he also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Undisputed is a martial art movie. Do you like martial art movies?
You're welcome!
Do you like Water for Elephants because it is a science fiction book?
That movie is a great one. You might also like The Princess Diaries, which is a historical period drama.
The Age of Innocence was released in 2005.
You're welcome.
Blake Griffin is a great basketball player. Did you know he played for the Seattle Seahawks?
Blake Griffin is a great basketball player. Do you like basketball?
I'm not a huge sports fan, but I think he's a great athlete.
Yes, he was a great basketball player for the Atlanta Braves.
The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time was written by Christopher Nolan. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Mark Haddon wrote The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time and The Curious Incident of the Dog.
Sure, do you like the movie because it is a Romance film?
Yes, it is a great movie. Do you like it because it is a thriller?
Sure, you might enjoy The Godfather Part II. It's a Sci-Fi movie.
Goodfellas Part II is a great movie. Have you seen it? It's a great movie.
Isn't she a singer-songwriter?
Do you like the movie because it's a crime fiction movie?
Yes, James Newton Howard also starred in the movie Wildcats.
Yes, Private Benjamin is a Drama.
You're welcome.
Meg Cabot is an author who wrote The Secret Life and Life of Pi. Have you read any of those?
Underworld is a science fiction book.
Sure. She also wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Bees.
You're very welcome!
Do you like Insomnia because it's a Sci-Fi movie?
The Amityville Horror is starring Robert Downey Jr. as War.
Jason Statham was released in 2005.
You're very welcome!
Craig Ferguson is a great actor. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
Sure, he also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Saving Grace was released in 2005.
Isn't she a tennis player? Isn't she a tennis player?
I don't know much about tennis, but I do know Simona Halep is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Yes Victoria Azarenka is also a tennis player.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver. Do you like them?
Yes, he was a coach for the San Francisco 49ers. Did you know he was born in Oakland?
Yea, he wrote a book called The New England Patriots. It was released in 1999.
127 Hours is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Yes, he also starred in X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
Yes, the Wrestler is a great movie. Do you like wrestling movies?
Turbo is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome!
Isn't he a cricket player from India?
I don't know much about cricket, but I know he plays for the Mumbai Indians.
I don't know much about cricket, but he's also a cricket player.
Yes, The Chronicles of Narnia was written by John Scalzi. It is a fantasy novel.
He wrote The Chronicles of Narnia and The Chronicles of Narnia.
I'm not sure, but I do know that Prince Caspian was released in 1951.
You're welcome.
Sure, J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan. Have you read it?
Yes, there are other books by J.M. Barrie that you might like
The Story of the Doctor Dolittle was also made into a Musical film. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, The Sea Wolf was written by J.M. Barrie and was released in 1904
Yes, it was written by Jack London. It was released in 1904
Sure! Richard Pevear wrote ес and овес. Have you read either?
Eecbl is written by Richard Pevear. It was released in 1872.
Eecbl is a Romance novel.
Yes, Cabin in the Woods is written by John Scalzi and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Kristen Connolly wrote The Cabin in the Woods.
Yes, it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Do you like Batman v Superman because it's a thriller?
Then you might also like Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice. It's a sci-fi movie.
Sure, Michael Bay also directed The Avengers, The Avengers and The Avengers
Yes, Armageddon has genre Sci-Fi. Do you like those genres?
Yes it was released in 2006.
The Blind Side is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Blind Side is a biographical film. You might also like X-Men 2 or X-Men 2.
The Blind Side is a biographical film directed by Sean Penn. It's a Thriller.
You're very welcome!
She's a great tennis player. She's a great tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I don't follow tennis, but I do know Venus Ebony Starr is a tennis player from the United States of America.
I don't have that information, but I do know Venus has a sister named Serena.
Yes, Green Lantern is a great superhero film. Do you like superhero movies?
No, I haven't seen any of his movies, but he did star in The Proposal.
That's a great movie. It also stars Scarlett Johansson. Have you seen it?
Do you like the movie because it's a thriller?
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time was directed by Robert Downey Jr.
Mike Newell starred in Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time.
I don't have that information but I do know it was released in 2005.
I haven't seen Superman Returns, but I haven't seen Superman Returns. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Parker Posey is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes Parker Posey starred in You've Got Mail. Have you seen it?
Tom Hank also starred in You've Got Mail.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
You're very welcome!
The Deception Point is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
i do not have that information. what else can i do for you today?
what else can i do for you today?
Sure! Do you like the movie because it's a thriller?
I'll add it to your watch list. Enjoy!
The Wide Window has a genre of Science Fiction and Science Fiction.
I think you'll enjoy it!
Yes, he did write that as well. I think you'll enjoy it!
You're very welcome!
You're welcome!
Yes, Outlander is written by John Scalzi. Do you like his work?
Diana Gabaldon also wrote Outlander. It's a great book.
Diana Gabaldon also wrote My Own Heart's Blood which is a fiction book.
I don't have that information but I do know that Drums of Autumn is part of the series.
Isn't he a soccer player for the Brazil national football team?
Yes, he is a midfielder for the Brazil national team.
Yes, Ryan Gosling and Hayden Panettiere starred in that movie.
Sure, Roland Emmerich directed a number of movies. He also directed The Last Crusade. Have you seen it?
Independence Day is a crime fiction film.
Yes, he also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Wyatt Earp was directed by John Scalzi. Would you like to see it?
She's a great singer. She's a great singer. Did you know she's also a singer?
Papa Don't Preach is a great song by Madonna. Do you like her music?
Michael Jackson is a great actor. He also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
I don't know much about them, but I think they are a good team. Do you like them?
I don't know much about the Jets, but I do know they are owned by the New York Jets. Do you like them?
I don't know much about football, but I do know they are owned by the New York Jets.
Yes, Guy Ritchie is a writer and a director. He starred in a lot of movies. Have you seen it?
Sure, Snatch was released in 2001. It's a drama/drama.
I don't have that information, but it's a crime movie.
Sure, add it to your list.
I haven't heard much of them, but I heard it was written by John Scalzi. Are you a fan?
I haven't heard much of them, but I know they are very popular in the U.S.
That's a good one! I'll have to listen to it now!
He has starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
Yes, Ryan Reynolds starred in Deadpool. He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Eminem is a Thriller. Do you like Eminem because it is a thriller?
Yes, he is also friends with Timbaland and Snoop Dogg.
Yes, he did compose Romeo Must Die. It's a thriller.
You're very welcome!
Sure! Shelley Duvall starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Time Bandits was released in 2005. It is a Thriller/Drama film.
Twilight of the Ice Nymphs is a Thriller starring Shelley Duvall. It was released in 2005.
She also starred in a movie called X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
Donna Tartt wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Pi. Have you read any of those?
Donna Tartt wrote The Secret History. She also wrote The Secret History.
Donna Tartt also wrote The Secret History series. Have you read it?
Donna Tartt also wrote The Little Friend. Have you read that one?
Sure, Michael Bay starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
I don't have any more popular movies from Bay, but if you like action movies, you might also enjoy X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Yes, Dwayne Johnson starred in the movie Pain & Gain. Have you seen it?
Thx is a great movie. Do you like action movies?
Isn't he a cricket player for the Mumbai Indians?
I don't know much about cricket, but I do know he is a cricket player.
I don't really follow football, but I like American Football.
I don't know much about the commercials, but I do know that Wayne Rooney won the Super Bowl this year.
Lea Thompson starred in The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby. Have you seen those?
Yes, she was in Adventures in Babysitting. Have you seen it?
She was also in The Little Rascals which is a comedy. Have you seen it?
No, I haven't seen it yet.
Audrey Niffenegger is a great author. She wrote The Great Gatsby. Have you read it?
It's a thriller.
Stanlee was written by Audrey Niffenegger
Sure, Jorja Fox starred in The Incredible Hulk and The Incredible Hulk. Have you seen those?
Sure, Memento was written by Jorja Fox. It was released in 2005.
Yes, he also wrote X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Sure, add Batman Begins to your watch list.
I don't know much about them, but I know they are owned by Tom Brady. Do you like them?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like them?
I don't have that information but I do know the Kansas City Chiefs are owned by the Dallas Cowboys.
I don't know, but I do know the Cowboys are owned by the Dallas Cowboys and the Cowboys.
Sure, Victor Hugo wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of the Living Dead. Have you read those?
The Hunchback of Notre Dame is a great one. You might also enjoy The Last Crusade.
Yes, you might also enjoy Les Miserables by Victor Hugo. It's a great book.
Deadpool is a great superhero movie. Do you like superhero movies?
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy stars Robert Downey Jr.
Deadpool was released in 2014. It's a great movie. It's a superhero movie.
You're very welcome!
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Isn't he a midfielder for the Belgium national football team?
I like football. I'm more of a football fan.
I don't know much about football, but I do know that the team is owned by Chelsea.
Yes, she's a great actress. She's also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Yes, he was in Men in Black 3. Did you know Selena Gomez starred in Men in Black 3.
No, I haven't seen it. I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Step Brothers is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, John C.Reilly is hilarious. Did you know he also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past?
Slapstick comedy was released in 2010.
The Tragedy of Macbeth was written by William shakespeare and released in 1606
The Tragedy of King Richard The Third was written by John Jowett.
The Tragedy of King Richard The Third is a Romance novel.
Yes, he was influenced by William Shakespeare. Did you know he also starred in a movie?
Sure, Tom Hooper directed The Last Stand and The Last Stand. Have you seen those?
The Kings Speech was rated PG and PG. It was released in 2005.
The Zero Effect was released in 2005.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by the Denver Broncos.
I don't know much about the Panthers, but I did know that he was a quarterback for the New England Patriots.
Yes, he did. He was also a coach for the Denver Broncos.
Face/Off is starring Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks. Do you like thrillers?
Do you like Rihanna because it's a thriller?
Battleship with Taylor Kitsch also starred Robert Downey Jr..
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Isn't he a singer-songwriter?
He is a musician and a musician. He is also a musician.
Yes, he is a great singer. He is also a musician and a musician.
No, I haven't seen it. Is it a crime fiction movie?
Yes, he was in it. He was also in the movie X-Men 2. Have you seen it?
No, I haven't seen that one. Did you know Olivia Munn also starred in The Pirates of the Caribbean?
I hope you enjoy it!
Harry Potter and the Philosophers' Stone is written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like books written by J.K Rowling?
Sure, I Love You was written by Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Have you read it?
Juraissic is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Sure, you might also enjoy The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Beedle.
Yes, Burt Reynolds starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine
Ryan Reynolds also starred in X-Men Origins.
You might also enjoy the movie X-Men 2
Yes, he also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past
Sure, Dave McKean wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of the Living Dead. Have you read those?
Yes, it was co-written by Stephen King. It was released in 2005.
The Stand is a great book. It was released in 1997.
You're very welcome!
Yes, Forrest Gump is starring Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks.
I don't know much about them, but I do know that they are owned by Tom Hanks.
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like them?
Mike Evans plays for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers
Yes they are going to make the playoffs
I don't know much about her, but I do know she has starred in Leeds.
Yes, she is a great singer and songwriter. Did you know she also starred in a movie?
Yes, they are both mixed up.
Yes, I do. He's a great singer, songwriter, and songwriter. Have you heard any of his music?
yes he was in Desperado. do you like his music?
Taylor Swift is a great singer. her latest album is Vivica A. Fox.
Charlotte Bront is a great author. She wrote The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby.
Jane Eyre is a young-adult fiction novel written by Charlotte Bront. It's part of a series of books.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it was written by Robin Buss and released in 1844. Have you read it?
Robin Buss wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo, which is a fiction book.
The Boy Who Came Back from Heaven was written by Robin Buss.
Station Eleven was written by Emily St. John Mandel and released in 2014. Do you like her work?
Emily St. John Mandel also wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of a Woman. Have you read those?
Last Night in Montreal is a Thriller. It was released in 2014.
You're very welcome!
I haven't read it, but I know it was written by John Scalzi. Do you like his work?
Yes, Rick Yancey wrote The Last Star and The Infinite Sea. Have you read it?
That's a good one. Robert Graves also wrote The Last Star and The Infinite Sea.
Robert Jackson also wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you read it?
King Richard II was written by Robert Jackson
I don't have that information
Do you like the Notebook because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Yea, The Notebook is a Romance movie. Do you like Romance movies?
Yes, Water for Elephants is starring Tom Hanks. It's a great movie.
Of course! Enjoy!
I haven't seen it, but I do enjoy it. It was written by John Scalzi.
Yes, he did write Songs of Willow Frost. Have you read it?
Yes, it is in the United States of America.
Yes, he did write that one.
Batman Begins is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Morgan Freeman is a great actor. He also starred in X-Men 2. Have you seen it?
Morgan Freeman also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Sure! Do you like Time to Kill because it is a thriller?
Then you might also enjoy The Last Stand or The Last Crusade. Have you read those?
James Patterson wrote The Crow Road and The Tears of the Giraffe. Have you read those?
Margaret R. Higonnet wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
Yes, he did. He also wrote a book called The Expendables. Have you read that one?
Thomas Hardy also wrote a book called The Expendables. Have you read that one?
Robert Galbraith wrote The Silkworm and The Cuckoo's Calling.
She also wrote The Silkworm and The Cuckoo's Calling
You're welcome
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by J.K. Rowling. Would you like to read it?
The goonies is a fantasy book
You might also like Harry Potter and the Titans
The Goonies is a book
You are welcome
The Catcher in the Rye is a novel written by J.R. Tolkien. Do you like books written by him?
Yes, it was written by Simmons.
Yes, Dan Simmons also wrote a book called The Secret Life of the Lambs.
Yes, Michael Bay is a great actor. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
He's also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Yes, he also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past which is a comedy.
Young Frankenstein is a great movie. Have you seen it? It's a comedy.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about him, but I know he is a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks.
I haven't heard much about him, but he's a great basketball player.
He's a midfielder for the Seattle Seahawks.
Sure, The Catcher in the Rye is a book written by J.R. Tolkien. Do you like books written by him?
Sure. You might also like The Catcher in the Rye by J.D. Salinger. Have you read it?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are a great band. They are a great band.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
That's a good one. Shakira is a great singer. She's a great singer. She's also a musician.
The Poisonwood Bible is a science fiction book. Do you like science fiction?
The Poisonwood Bible was released in 2001.
Yes, it is a great book. It was released in 2005.
That's a great one. You might also enjoy The Last Stand, which is a good one.
You're very welcome!
Looper is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
yes he did. anything else i can answer for you today?
you are welcome
Do you like A Beautiful Mind because it's a thriller?
Yes, he also directed A Beautiful Mind. Have you seen it?
You're very welcome!
The Devil in the White City: Murder, Magic, and Madness at the Fair that Changed America was written by William Shakespeare.
Tony Goldwyn also wrote The Devil in the White City: Murder, Magic, and Madness at the Fair that Changed America
It's a drama
You're welcome
Catcher in the Rye is written by John Scalzi. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he wrote Nine Stories. Have you read it?
You're welcome.
I don't know much about him, but I know he plays for the Argentina national football team.
A Clockwork Orange was released in 2001.
Afraid of Virginia Woolf was starred in Afraid of Virginia Woolf
Sure, A Clockwork Orange was released in 1962. It's a drama.
Sure! Fiona Stafford wrote Emma which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure! Philippa Gregory wrote The Secret Life and The Life and Life of Pi. Have you read either of those?
Wideacre is a science fiction book. Do you like science fiction books?
Yes, The White Queen is in the same genre as Wideacre
You're welcome!
It's a sports team. It's a team in the AFC West.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Tom Brady. They're owned by Tom Brady.
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like them?
Yes, Wally Lamb is a great writer. He wrote The Great Gatsby. Have you read it?
Yes, I Know This Much Is True was written by Wally Lamb. Have you read it?
Yes, it's a great book. It's a great book.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about Miami Dolphins, but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver.
I don't watch much football but I do like the Patriots. Do you like the Patriots?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like them?
Sure! Do you like the movie because it's a thriller?
Part III is starring Robert Downey Jr. as well.
I don't have that information, but I do know it was released in 2011.
You're very welcome!
Yes, she is a great singer. Did you know she also starred in a movie called The Virgin Suicides?
Yes, Victoria Justice is a great sitcom. She also starred in the Children's Television series.
Yes, Zoey 101 also starred Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks.
Yes, Jamie Lynn Spears was a great actress. She also starred in the Children's Television series.
Downfall is written by John Scalzi and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure! Windtalkers is a war film starring Bruno Ganz and Christian Berkel. Do you like war films?
You're welcome!
The Catchter in the Rye is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure, you might enjoy The Catchter in the Rye. It's a great book.
Sure, I'll add it to your list.
You're welcome!
Big Hero 6 is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes it is a sci-fi movie.
Yes,Did Mindy Kaling Stars in Despicable Me is a Sci-Fi movie.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it was written by Rick Riordan.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about Miami Dolphins but I do know they are owned by the Miami Dolphins.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by the Dallas Cowboys.
Tony Romo is a great quarterback for the New England Patriots.
Sure, Wes Anderson wrote The Last Stand and The Last Stand. Have you seen any of those?
Owen Wilson starred in The Royal Tenenbaums, The Royal Tenenbaums, and Moonrise Kingdom.
Yes, he's a great actor. He also starred in The Royal Tenenbaums which is a comedy.
Justin Rose is an athlete that plays golf. He was born in London.
I don't know much about him, but he's a professional golfer from England.
Yes, he's a great golfer from England.
Yes, Virginia Woolf is an author who wrote The Virgin Suicides and The Virgin Suicides. Have you read those?
She was a writer and a writer. She was also a writer. She was born in Virginia. She was born in Virginia.
To The Lighthouse was released in 2005.
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a basketball player. He plays point guard for the Seattle Seahawks.
He is currently playing for the Seattle Seahawks.
Yes, I am a huge fan of the Denver Nuggets. I like the Denver Nuggets and the Brooklyn Nets.
Sure! Shelly Duvall starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Time Bandits is a drama. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome.
Sure, Michael Mann directed a lot of movies. He also directed X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Yes, he directed Public Enemies, and Channing Tatum. Have you seen those?
Collateral is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
She's a great actress. She's a great actress. Did you know she starred in a movie called The Princess Diaries?
She also wrote Under the Tuscan Sun, which was made into a movie.
I hope you enjoy it!
She's a great singer. Did you know she starred in a movie called The Secret Life of Bees?
Yes, she is a great singer. Did you know she is also a singer?
That's a good one. She's a great actress
I don't know much about Pittsburgh Steelers, but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver.
I don't know much about Roethlisberger, but I do know that Tomlin and Tomlin both played for the Steelers and the Steelers.
Alyson Noel wrote Night Star and Dark Flame. Have you read either of those?
Shadowland is a fantasy novel. She also wrote The Last Jedi and The Last Jedi. Have you read those?
I'm not sure. Evermore was released in 2009, but it's a fantasy book.
You're very welcome!
Yes, James Rodrguez is a soccer player who plays for FC Bayern Munich. Do you like soccer?
Do you like American football?
I like Radamel Falcao. He's a great athlete. He's a great athlete.
Yes, Dead Poets Society is written by John Scalzi and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Dead Poets Society is a crime fiction movie.
Tom Schulman also wrote Dead Poets Society. Have you seen it?
Yes, Drama is a great movie starring Robin Williams. Have you seen it?
You're very welcome!
Yes, John Tiffany is a writer and a screenwriter. He wrote and starred in a lot of movies. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did write Parts One and Two. Have you read them?
Yes, it was made into a movie.
Sure! Milan Kundera is a writer and a writer. He wrote The Last Samurai. Have you read it?
Smné Lásky is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're very welcome!
Sure, The Bourne Identity is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Bourne Identity is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Bourne Legacy has a genre of Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Sure! Laura Hillenbrand wrote The Secret Life and The Life and Life of Pi. Have you read those?
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit which is a fiction book. Have you read it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information at this time.
Yes, James Mangold directed The Last Stand and The Last Stand. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, she was in that movie. Do you like her movies?
Yes, it won a Pulitzer Prize for Drama and Drama.
Sure, you might also enjoy The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
You're very welcome!
The Great Gatsby is a great book. Do you like it because it is a Romance novel?
Yes, To Kill a Mockingbird is written by John Scalzi. Do you like his work?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Jason Cope starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Spud is a thriller
Yes, he also starred in X-Men 2
Jason Cope also starred in a romance movie
Yes, Irvin Kershner directed The Last Stand and The Last Stand. Have you seen those?
It was released in 2005 and stars Tom Hanks.
You're welcome!
Yes, Rob Riggle starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
The Other Guys is starring Robert Downey Jr.
The Other Guys was released in 2005
You're welcome
Sure, Morgan Freeman starred in The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby. Have you seen those?
The Shawshank Redemption is a great movie. Ned Bellamy also starred in The Shawshank Redemption.
Yes, Jonathan Hyde is in that movie as well. He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
You're very welcome!
Blood Diamond is a Thriller. It is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It's a great movie. It was written by John Scalzi. Do you like him?
Leonardo DiCaprio starred in The Aviator, which is a biographical film.
That's a great movie! It also stars George Clooney and Matt Ross. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. He also starred in a great movie called The Incredibles. Have you seen that one?
You're very welcome!
50/50 is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure, 50/50 is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, Vanessa Fertilio starred in a few of her movies. She also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
You're very welcome!
Yes, they are a basketball team in the National Basketball League.
Yes, the Washington Wizards are owned by the Washington Red Sox.
No, I haven't seen Nanking, but I haven't seen Nanking. It was produced by Stephen Dorff.
Yes, Laura Ingalls Wilder is a writer and a writer. She was born in New York City. Do you like her work?
Sure. It was released in 2005. It's a fiction book.
She also wrote These Happy Golden Years which is a historical fiction.
Sure. You might also enjoy The Little House Collection.
Sure, he wrote The Last Samurai. Have you read that one?
You might also enjoy The Last Stand or The Great Gatsby.
Sure, you might also like The Crucible. It was written by Christopher Bigsby.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
One childs Courage to Survive was directed by Richard Bront.
It was written by Richard Bront and was released in 1988.
Brad Garrett starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, and X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen those?
Yes, Jim Belushi and Jay Leno also starred in The Pacifier.
The Pacifier was released in 2005.
You're very welcome!
The Devil Wears Prada is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The main character in the movie is Robert Downey Jr.
Sure, you might enjoy The Devil Wears Prada. It is a Romance Film, it is a romance movie.
Robert Downey Jr. directed the movie.
Water for Elephants was released in 2005
You're welcome!
Sure! Jennifer lopez starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
James Rodrguez is an actor and a director. He starred in a lot of movies. He was also a director. Do you like his movies?
Yes, they are in the National Football League.
I don't know, but he is a midfielder for the Colombia national team.
I don't have that information but I do know that Radamel Falcao is from Columbia.
I, Robot is starring Robert Downey Jr., and Kevin Spacey. Do you like Sci-Fi?
Sure! As Good as It Gets is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Terms of Endearment was directed by James L. Brooks and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It was released in 2005
You're welcome
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver.
I think Tyron Brackenridge is the owner of the Jacksonville Jaguars.
I'm more of a fan of the Seattle Seahawks, but I don't know much about them.
Saina Nehwal plays for the Mumbai Indians.
Yes, she did. She was also in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
I like swimming and Relay in the summer olympics.
He's from the United States of America and is from the United States.
You're very welcome!
Sure, Nicholas Sparks wrote The Secret History of a Young-adult fiction book called The Little Prince. Have you read that one?
Two by Two was released in the English language and was written in English.
He was also a writer and a director. He was also a director. He was also a director.
Yes, he was also a screenwriter and producer.
Yes, he was a comedian and a comedian. He was also a comedian.
You're very welcome!
Pulp Fiction was directed by Steven Spielberg. Do you like him?
Yes, there's a sequel to Kill Bill.
Yes, Uma Thurman is in that movie. She also starred in X-Men Origins.
You're very welcome!
Yes, it is a great movie. Did you know it was written by John Scalzi?
Sin City is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Robert Rodriguez starred in it as well as Robert Rodriguez.
You're welcome!
The Kite Runner is written by Christopher Nolan and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Khaled Hosseini starred in The Kite Runner.
Khaled Hosseini also starred in The Kite Runner.
You're very welcome!
Christina Lamb is a singer-songwriter. Do you like her music?
Yes, Paulo Coelho wrote Veronika and Morrer.
Yes, Paulo Coelho also wrote The Alchemist and The Pilgrimage.
Sure, J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan. Have you read it?
Peter Pan is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, The Great Gatsby is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
The Great Gatsby was released in 2004.
Yes, you might enjoy The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald. It was released in 1925.
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald and is a drama.
I'm not sure, but it was released in 1925.
Sure, The Fighter is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Jane Eyre is written by Jane Eyre. It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Charlotte Bronte also wrote Jane Eyre which was released in 1847.
Villette is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're very welcome!
Just Listen is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Sarah Dessen wrote Just Listen. It's a Young-adult fiction. Would you like to read it?
This Lullaby,The Truth About Forever is a Young-adult fiction book.
Do you like him because he's a writer?
Yes, Steve Kloves wrote The Amazing Spider-Man and 500 Days of Summer.
Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is starring Robert Downey Jr.
You're very welcome!
Isn't he a singer-songwriter?
AB de Villiers is a cricket player from South Africa.
I don't follow cricket, but I do follow the Indian national cricket team. Do you like them?
Sure, Baz Luhrmann directed The Last Stand and The Last Stand. Have you seen any of those?
Robert Downey Jr. starred in this movie
You're welcome!
You're welcome.
Yes, it is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a romance movie?
The Princess Diaries is a great movie. You might also like The Princess Diaries, which is a comedy.
Yes, it's a great fairy tale. It's a great movie.
That's a great one. It's a great movie. It's a great movie.
The Call of the Wild is written by John Scalzi and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Jack London also wrote The Call of the Wild which is a fiction book. Have you read it?
To Build a Fire is written in the English language and is in the English language.
Yes, Beautiful Disaster is written by Jamie Mcguire and released in 2011. Have you read it?
Yes, he did write Walking Disaster. Have you read it?
Beautiful Sacrifice is a great book. I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Sure! Jennifer Lawrence starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Robert De Niro was in Silver Linings Playbook
Yes, Meet the Parents is a comedy. Do you like comedy?
You're welcome!
I like the Arizona Cardinals, but I don't know much about them. I think they are a good team.
The Bears are owned by Bill Bidwell and Bill Bidwell.
I don't know much about the Cowboys, but I do know they are owned by Bill Bidwell.
Do you like Beloved because it's a thriller or because it's a thriller?
Do you like Tombstone because it's a thriller?
Billy Bob Thornton starred in Love Actually. It's a great movie.
I love her music. She's a great singer. She's a great singer. Do you like her music?
Liam Hensworth is a musician and a musician. He was born in New York City.
Yes, Nicolas Sparks also wrote The Last Song. Have you seen it?
Sure, The Lucky One is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Nicholas Sparks wrote The Lucky One, which is a speculative fiction book.
He also wrote The Notebook which is a thriller. Have you read that one?
You're very welcome!
Sure, Jean-Marc Vallée is a writer and a writer. He wrote and starred in a lot of movies. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but Jean-Marc Vallée starred in a few of his movies, but he also starred in X-Men 2.
Yes, it is about the Queen.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information, but it is a drama.
Emily Blunt and Rupert Friend both star in Young Victoria
She also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Sure, I'll send it now.
The Fast and the Furious is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, there is a sequel called The Fast and the Furious. Have you seen it yet?
Robert Downey Jr. starred in this movie
You're welcome
Sure! Do you like World War Z because it is a war film?
Zombie is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a crime fiction?
Yes, it is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
Yes, he also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Sure, he also starred in Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
Cat's Cradle is written by J.R. Tolkien
Kurt Vonnegut Jr. wrote Cat's Cradle and Cat's Cradle. Have you read those?
I don't have any autobiographies. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're very welcome!
Isn't he a basketball player? I don't know much about him.
Yes, Doc Rivers was a point guard as well as a point guard.
Yes, he was a point guard for the LA Clippers.
Isn't he a singer?
Yes, Sam Smith is a great singer. He also starred in a lot of movies. Have you seen it?
Yes, she is a screenwriter and playwright.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver.
I didn't know that, but I did know that The Madison Square Garden is owned by the New York Knicks. Do you like them?
The Philadelphia Eagles are a great team.
Yes, he's a great actor. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
Chris Weitz starred in American Pie. He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Yes, it is produced by Warren Zide.
The Day After Tomorrow is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, I did. It's a great movie. Do you like it because it is a thriller?
Yes, I like him. He was also in X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
Yes, he also starred in The Avengers. Have you seen it?
I don't know much about them, but I think they are a good team. Do you like them?
I'm not a huge fan of the Philadelphia 76ers, but I'm a fan of the Philadelphia Eagles.
The Men in Black is a great movie. Did you know it was released in 2005?
Yes, he produced The Men in Black with Kevin James.
Madame Bovary was written by Charles Dickens. Do you like his work?
Yes, it was released in the 1800s.
Yes, you might also like the book Xenocide which was released in 1856.
You're welcome.
Sure! Ara Celi starred in American Beauty and also starred in American Beauty.
American Beauty was written by Steven Spielberg. He also starred in X-Men 2.
Kevin Spacey also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
I don't know much about Maria Sharapova, but she is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Yes, she's a great tennis player. I think she's a great athlete.
That's right! She's a great actress. She's also starred in X-Men 2.
Yes, Ridley Scott directed The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it?
Alien : Covenant was directed by Ridley Scott
Sure, All the Money in the World is a Sci-Fi movie released in 2005
He has also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
You're welcome!
Yes, Shakira has released a new album. She's a great singer. She's also a musician.
Shakira starred in the movie. She also starred in a romance film called Xenocide.
Shakira won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and the Pulitzer Prize
Coraline is a great movie. It's a great movie. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it is a drama.
I'm not sure, but I do know that it was directed by Neil Gaiman. It's a thriller.
Wicked City is a Thriller. It is a Thriller. It was released in 2005.
Sure, Margaret Atwood wrote The Great Gatsby. Have you read it?
Wilson Rawls wrote Where the Red Fern Grows and Where the Red Fern Grows.
Wilson Rawls also wrote the children's book Where the Red Fern Grows
The Summer of Monkeys was released in 2005
You're welcome
You're welcome
Do you like the Notebook because it is a thriller or because it's a thriller?
Yes, Nicolas Sparks also wrote The Notebook. Have you read it?
Sure, Nicolas Sparks wrote The Choice, and Safe Haven. Have you read those?
You're very welcome!
Sure, Tom Quirk wrote Moby Dick, The Whale, and Moby Dick. Have you seen those?
Yes, it was released in 1851.
You're very welcome!
P.D. Eastman wrote Go, Dog Go! and Go, Dog Go!
Yes, A Fish Out of Water is considered Children's Literature.
Yes, he did. Go, Dog, Go! is a children's literature.
Bob Peck is a writer and a director. He wrote The Secret Life and Life of Pi. Have you heard of those?
Sure, Surviving Picasso is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you he also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Sure, Mario Puzo wrote The Last Stand and The Last Stand. Have you read any of those?
Yes, The Godfather is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
You're welcome
Danny Boyle is a great director. He also directed X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Yes, he was in Trance and Trainspotting. Do you like his movies?
127 Hours is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Brad Pitt starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Brad Pitt is also in X-Men: Days of Future Past
He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past
Brad Pitt also starred in X-Men 2
You are welcome
Sure! Do you like the movie because it's a thriller?
Chris Evans also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
You're very welcome!
Isn't he a soccer player from the United States of America?
Oldboy is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Do you like Philip Pullman because he is a writer?
Robin Jarvis has written a number of books, including The Secret Life and The Secret Life of the Living Dead. Have you read those?
You're welcome!
Stanley Corngold wrote Die Verwandlung and Die Verwandlung. Have you read those?
Die Verwandlung is a novel written by Stanley Corngold. It was released in 1915.
Yes, Zero Dark Thirty is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Mike Colter starred in Take Chance. Have you seen it?
Yes, Linus Roache starred in The Psychological Thriller.
Yes, Dougray Scott also starred in The Ten Commandments. Have you seen it?
Great, hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Casino Royale is written by John Scalzi. Do you like his work?
Robert Wade starred in the movie. It's a thriller.
I'm not sure, but it was released in 2011.
Yes, it was released in 2006.
You're welcome.
Cloud Atlas is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Tom Tykwer also directed X-Men 2 and X-Men 2
Charlize Theron also starred in Aeon Flux
You're welcome!
You're welcome.
Taxi Driver is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're very welcome!
Sure, there's a couple of movies that you might enjoy. You might also enjoy The Last Jedi or The Last Jedi. Have you seen those?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
The Pillars of the Earth is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
Ken Follett wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Day of the Jackal is a thriller. It was released in 1999.
Yes, she is a great author. She wrote The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby.
Yes, you might enjoy The Diary of a Young Girl. It was released in 2001.
The Bell Jar was written by Anne Frank. It's a speculative fiction.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Do you like Sci-Fi movies because it's a Sci-Fi movie?
A Time to Kill is starring Robert Downey Jr. who also starred in the movie.
Matthew McConaughey also starred in X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Chris Buck directed The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it?
Then you might also enjoy The Last Samurai. It's a comedy.
You're very welcome!
Sure, Dan Brown wrote The Secret History of a Young-adult fiction book called The Great Gatsby.
McG is directed by McG and it is a thriller.
Yes, it is about football. Do you like football?
Angelo Pizzo is the author of The Game of Their Lives.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Tom Brady. Do you like them?
I don't know too much about them, but Lovie Smith is a linebacker for the Chicago Bears.
You're very welcome!
Yes, he is one of the most well-known players in the U.S. Superbowl.
I'm a huge fan of soccer. I'm more of a basketball fan, but I don't know much about soccer, but I do know that Alex Morgan is a great player.
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
Sure, Scream is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, Jamie Kennedy starred in Scream 2, which is a drama. Do you like drama?
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Do you like the Matrix movies because it's a Sci-Fi movie?
V for Vendetta stars Robert Downey Jr. and Robert Downey Jr.
V for Vendetta is a Sci-Fi movie.
Sure! Do you like cornelia Funke because it was written by Cornelia Funke or because it was written by Cornelia Funke?
Anthea Bell also wrote Xenocide. Have you read that one?
Cinderella is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
King Kong was written by Stephen King. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Naomi Watts also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
The Painted Veil was written by Ron Nyswaner.
You're very welcome!
Gary Chapman is a writer and a film director. He wrote The Secret Life and Life of Pi. Have you seen any of those?
The Five Love Languages: How to Express Heartfelt Commitment to Your Mate is a Thriller. Do you like those genres?
I don't know much about her but I do know he is a singer and songwriter. He is also a musician.
Gary Chapman starred in The Five Love Languages: How to Express Heartfelt Commitment to Your Mate.
Frank Capra is a great actor. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Frank Capra is a great actor. He also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Frank Capra wrote It's a Wonderful Life
Yes, he produced it too.
She has starred in Un di Velt Hot Geshvign and Un di Velt Hot Geshvign
Un di Velt Hot Geshvign is written in English
Marion Wiesel wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign
yes, it was translated into English
yes it is a Digital version
Yes, American Hustle is a drama. Do you like dramas?
American Hustle is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Jennifer Lawrence is the author of The Girl with a Dragon Tattoo.
Woody Herman wrote The Girl with a Dragon Tattoo and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by the Washington Redskins. Do you like them?
I like the Oakland Raiders. Do you like them?
I don't know much about tennis, but I do know the Oakland Raiders is coached by Mike Shanahan.
Sure! Do you like comedy because it is a comedy?
Easy was written by Tammara Webber and released in 2012. Do you like her work?
It was released in 2012 and was written by Tammara Webber. It was released in 2012.
Tammara Webber wrote Where You Are, Breakable, and Breakable.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Sure, Steven Soderbergh directed X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Steven Soderbergh starred in The Good German, which is a thriller.
He also starred in The Good German. Have you seen it?
You're very welcome!
Alan Moore starred in Xenocide which is a thriller. Have you seen it?
V for Vendetta was released in 2005.
You're welcome.
Richard J. Dunn wrote Wuthering Heights
Wuthering Heights is a speculative fiction novel written by Richard Dunn. It's part of a series of books.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, The Eye of the World is written by John Scalzi. It's a young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Simone Elkeles wrote The Secret History of a Young-adult fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Rules of Attraction was released in 2011. It's a fiction book.
If you like young adult fiction, you might also enjoy The Last Stand or The Last Stand. Have you read those?
You're very welcome!
Spirit Bound is a speculative fiction book written by John Scalzi. Do you like that genre?
Robert Downey Jr. is the author of these books.
Vampire Academy is a Thriller.
You're very welcome!
Charles Dickens wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Bees. Have you read those?
Yes, he did influence the Pickwick Club, Christmas Carol.
Yes, Oliver Twist is a great History of Great Britain. Have you read it?
Yes, it was written by Sarah Vowell. It is a great book.
You're welcome.
Yes, Peter Segal directed a lot of movies. He also directed X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
Yes, Adam Sandler was the executive producer for the Longest Yard. Did you know he also produced the movie The Longest Yard?
Adam Sandler also starred in The Longest Yard and The Longest Yard.
Sure, Albus Dumbledore wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them
J.K. Rowling also starred in a series of movies. Have you seen it?
The Tales of Beedle the Bard falls under the genre Fantasy.
Sure, Newt Scamander wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. Have you read those?
Fantastic Beasts was written by JK Rowlings. It's part of a series of books. It's part of a series.
Yes, it is a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Michael O'Neill starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Traffic and Seabiscuit is a Thriller. It is a Thriller.
If you like crime drama, you might also like The Last Man in the Water. It's a drama.
You're welcome.
Andrés Iniesta is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for the Spain national football team.
I don't know much about him but I know he plays for the Spain national football team.
You're welcome!
Do you like the Hangover Part II because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
The Hangover Part II was released in 2001.
You're very welcome!
Yes, Midnight in Paris is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like dramas?
Yes, Midnight in Paris is a drama. Do you like drama?
Then you might also like The Princess Diaries. It is a Romance Film.
Shutter Island is a great murder mystery. Do you like murder mystery movies?
Do you like Mansfield Park because it is a science fiction book?
Persuasion was written by Robert Downey Jr.
Persuasion was released in 2005.
Yes, Horrible Bosses is written by John Scalzi. It's a Thriller.
Yes, Lindsay Sloane has a role in Horrible Bosses.
Yes, Kevin Spacey also starred in The Accidental Husband. Have you seen it?
Isn't he a tennis player? I don't know much about him. Do you like tennis?
I don't know much about tennis, but I do know that Stan Wawrinka is a tennis player.
I don't know much about tennis, but I do know Stan Wawrinka is an American professional tennis player.
Cornelia Funke wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Beedle. Have you read those?
She also wrote Inkheart, which is a romance novel.
She also wrote The Giving Tree and The Attic. Have you read either of those?
Sure, Gary Paulsen wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of a Woman. Have you read either of those?
The River is a fiction book. Do you like fiction books?
Sure! The River is a great thriller. You might also like The Last Crusade or The Last Crusade.
You're very welcome!
Sure, Shawn Levy directed The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it?
Real Steel starred Evangeline Lilly. It's a Thriller. Do you like dramas?
Yes, it was produced by Shawn Levy. It's a drama.
The Untouchables is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
You might also enjoy The Untouchables. It's a crime fiction movie.
I hope you enjoy it!
You might also enjoy The Last Stand or The Last Crusade.
I think he's a good football player. He's a midfielder for Manchester United F.C.
Yes, they did play in Wembley Stadium.
Do you like Alice Walker because it is a science fiction book?
Benjamin Franklin has written a number of books. He also wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, which is a fiction book.
You're welcome.
Isn't he a soccer player? I don't know much about him.
No, I didn't know he won the award for European Golden Shoe
I don't know much about them, but I do know that he played for the Barcelona National Football team.
Yes, he is a midfielder and a forward.
Yes, it's a great book. It's written by John Scalzi. Do you like his work?
Yes, it's written by Patrick Rothfuss. It's a great book.
The Slow Regard of Silent Things is a book that was released in 2005.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Kiera Cass and released in 2013.
Kiera Cass also wrote The Siren. It was released in 2013.
Kiera Cass also wrote The Siren. Have you seen it?
I don't have that information but Kiera Cass also produced the film.
I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The Social Network is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Jesse Eisenberg also starred in The Social Network. Have you seen it?
The Hummingbird Project was released in 2005.
You're welcome.
Yes, Treasure Island is a great movie. It was written by Steven Spielberg. Do you like his work?
Treasure Island is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
You might also enjoy The Last Man in the Water. It was released in 1882.
Yes. Lucky Number Slevin is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
Danny Aiello also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Yes, he did. He also starred in the movie X-Men 2.
You're welcome.
Sure! Laura Hillenbrand wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Bees. Have you read any of those?
It was released in 2005 and is a fiction book.
Yes, it's a classic.
You're welcome!
Aladdin is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Aladdin is a great Disney movie. Do you like Disney movies? It's a great movie.
The Lion King was released in 2001.
You're very welcome!
The Sun Also Rises was written by Ernest Hemingway. He also wrote The Sun Also Rises.
He also wrote A Farewell to Arms and For Whom the Bell Tolls. Have you read those?
I don't have that information, but I do know The Old Man and the Sea was released in 1999.
You're welcome!
You're very welcome!
Isn't he a quarterback for the Seattle Seahawks?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a quarterback for the Seattle Seahawks.
Yes, he is a great actor. Do you like him because he is a singer?
i love Young Buck. what about you?
Yes, he is a writer and a director. He starred in a lot of movies. Do you like his movies?
White Oleander also starred in Unthinkable and The Soloist. Have you seen those?
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, it was written by C.S. Lewis and released in 1961.
It was released in 2005.
The Weight of Glory is a great book by C.S. Lewis. It was released in 1960.
I'll send it to your reader now.
Yes, Sharlto Copley is a writer and a writer. He wrote The Secret Life and Life of Pi. Are you familiar with those?
I know they are owned by Wayne Weaver. Do you like them?
No, I haven't. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The Hornets are a great team in the NFC West.
Yes, John Berendt wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of the Living Dead. Have you read those?
Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil, The City of Falling Angels was released in 2008.
You're very welcome!
You're very welcome!
It was directed by Alaska. It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
John Green also wrote X-Men: Days of Future Past, X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Fault in our Stars: The Fault in our Stars: The Fault in our Stars: The Fault in our Stars: The Fault in our Stars: The Fault in our Stars: The Fault in our Stars: The Fault in our Stars: The Fault in our Stars: The Fault in our Stars: The Fault in our Stars: The Fault in our Stars: The Fault in our Stars:
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a football player from the United States.
Yes, he has played in Minuch, and weilheim Oberbayern.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he was born in Minuch.
Yes, Wayne Rooney is a great forward player. He's also a forward player.
Gore Verbinski Directed The Incredible Hulk and The Incredible Hulk. Have you seen those?
Sure, he also directed X-Men Origins: Apocalypse Now.
You're welcome.
The Prestige is written by Robert Downey Jr. and is a thriller.
The Prestige is a thriller.
The Prestige is starring Hugh Jackman
Memento stars Robert Downey Jr. and Robert Downey Jr
Thomas Lennon also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men
You're welcome
Sure, L. Frank Baum wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Bees. Have you read those?
Yes, The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
Yes, Voyager is a great book. Do you like children's literature?
Yes, Diana Gabaldon also wrote The Wonderful Wizard of Oz and The Sea of Monsters.
Yes, she was also a writer and a screenwriter. She also wrote The Secret Life of Bees.
You're welcome!
It's a great movie. It's a great movie. It's a great movie.
I don't have that information, but Kate Winslet was in The Holiday which is a Comedy-drama Film.
The Pillars of the Earth is a comedy-drama film.
Thriller is a good one. You might also like The Holiday which is a thriller.
Yes she did. She also starred in the movie The Holiday which is a thriller.
WALLE is a great movie. It was written by John Scalzi. Would you like to know more?
Sure, you might also enjoy X-Men 2 or X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Sure! Wolverine is a Sci-Fi movie starring Tom Hanks. It's a great movie.
Yes, State of the Union is a great movie. It was directed by Brett Ratner.
I'm not sure, but it's a great movie. It's a great movie. It's a great movie.
I'm not sure, but it was released in 2005.
Just Listen was written by J.R. Tolkien. It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure, Will Grayson is written by Sarah Dessen and is in the genre Young-adult fiction. Do you like those genres?
Sure, Nick & Norah is written by Sarah Dessen and is also a part of a series.
Sure, Katherine Paterson wrote The Secret Life and The Life and Life of Pi. Have you read any of these?
Yes, it's a children's book. It's a children's book.
The Witch of Blackbird Pond was written by Katherine Paterson. It's a children's book.
I have not seen Ocean's Twelve. Is it a Sci-Fi movie?
Ocean's Twelve stars George Nolfi. Ocean's Twelve is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Robert Lewandowski is an American professional footballer who plays for the Poland national football team.
I don't know much about football, but I do know that Robert Lewandowski is a soccer player from Borussia Dortmund.
Yes, he is a great player. I think he's a great player.
Paul Sorvino is an American professional footballer who plays for the Manchester United F.C.
Yes, Jack Thorne is a writer and a screenwriter. He wrote and starred in Xenocide. Have you seen it?
It's a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
Yes, Jack Thorne starred in the movie The Cursed Child.
I'll add it to your list.
Sure Lisa See wrote The Secret Life and The Life and Life of Pi. Have you read any of those?
China Dolls was released in 2005 and is a fiction book.
Snow Flower is a young adult fiction book released in 2014. It was released in 2014.
You're very welcome!
Sure! Do you like Pulp Fiction because it's a thriller?
Grindhouse was directed by Rob Zombie. Do you like his movies?
It's a great movie. It was released in 2005. It's a drama.
Flickan som lekte med elden was written by Stieg Larsson and released in 2006.
Sure, Syeig Larsson also wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Bees. Have you read those?
The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo trilogy was released in 2006 and is a fantasy novel.
You're very welcome!
You're very welcome!
Michael Parks is a great actor. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
Wicked is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're very welcome!
Ken Kesey wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest.
Yes, Ken Kesey also wrote Magic Trip. Have you read that one?
I hope you enjoy it!
Isn't he a basketball player for the Seattle Seahawks?
He's a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks. Do you like him?
That's a good one. He's a great actor. He's a great actor. Did you know he also starred in X-Men 2.
Yes, he did. He also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Rob Cohen is a writer and a director. He starred in a lot of movies. He is also a director. Do you like him?
Yes, Vin Diesel also starred in The Boy in the Striped Striped Striped Striped.
Yes, he starred in A Man Apart. He also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
You're welcome!
He also wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Bees. Have you read those?
Yes, Joe Morton is a great actor. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he did a great job in that film
Yes, it is a great movie. It is a drama and comedy.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by the New York Giants.
I don't know much about the Patriots, but Eli Manning is a great player.
That's a good one. I'll have to watch it now. I'll watch it now.
Yes, The Paris Wife is written by Paula McLain and released in 2011. Do you like fiction?
Circling the Sun is a book written by Paula McLain. It's a fiction book.
You're welcome!
You're very welcome!
Mulholland Drive is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Eraserhead has genre Thriller. what else can i do for you today?
it is a thriller. what else can i do for you today?
anything else i can do for you?
Yes, Josh Boone directed The Incredible Hulk. Have you seen it?
Yes, Josh Boone starred in The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen it?
It's a drama. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome!
Do you like it because it's a crime fiction movie?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that it was written by John Scalzi.
Yes, We Were Soldiers is a war movie. It was written by John Scalzi.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Tammara Webber wrote Where You Are and Breakable. Have you read either of those?
It was released in 2005.
2011 was the year that was released. She also released Sense and Sensibility
The Phantom Tollbooth was written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King?
Sure, Peter Cushing starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Peter Cushing also starred in the movie The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Pi. Would you like to know more?
The Revenge of Frankenstein was written by John Scalzi.
I hope you enjoy it!
Peter Gallagher starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
The O.C. is starring Robert Downey Jr..
Collateral Damage was written by John Scalzi.
You're very welcome!
Yes, Yaphet Kotto is a great actor. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is a action film
Vin Diesel also starred in X-Men
You're welcome!
Hush Hush is written by John Scalzi and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Becca Fitzpatrick also wrote Sense and Sensibility. Have you read those?
You're very welcome!
I hope you enjoy it!
The Glass Castle was written by Jeannette Walls and released in 2005.
Jeannette Walls also wrote The Glass Castle. Have you read it?
It was released in 2005
You're welcome
Yes, John Carpenter directed The Last Stand. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he did. He also starred in X-Men: Apocalyptic fiction.
Yes, Kurt Russell also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Rhonda Byrne wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Persuasion. Have you read any of these?
Yes she wrote The Secret which was also turned into a film.
He wrote The Secret which is a fiction book. Have you read it?
Sure, John Ratzenberger starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Sure! It was written by John Ratzenberger. It's a Thriller. It's a Thriller.
Yes, it is a cartoon. Do you like cartoons?
You're welcome!
I haven't read it, but I do enjoy it. It was written by Stephen King.
I haven't seen the movie, but it's a family friendly movie. Do you like family friendly films?
You're very welcome!
Still Alice is a great book. It was written by John Scalzi. Do you like his work?
Love Anthony is a great book. Did you know it was released in 2005?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Mark Haddon starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Yes, it was adapted into a film.
Yes he did. He also produced The Messenger.
You're welcome!
Yes, Frank Coraci is a writer and a director. He starred in Xenocide. Have you seen it?
Kevin James also starred in Grandma's Boy. Have you seen it?
Yes, it's a comedy. It's also a comedy.
Sure! Once Upon a Time in America is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
If you like crime fiction movies, you might also enjoy The Great Gatsby or The Great Gatsby.
Then you might enjoy Then you might enjoy Then You might also enjoy Then You've Got Mail or Then You've Got Mail.
You're very welcome!
Isn't he a tennis player? Is he a tennis player?
The Order was released in 2005
The Order was also starred by Heath Ledger
You're welcome.
Sure, The Blind Side is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. It's a Thriller.
Sure, you might also enjoy the movie X-Men 2. It's a drama.
Sure, Moneyball is written by Michael Lewis and John Lee Hancock. It's a drama/drama movie.
City of Ashes is written by John Scalzi. It is a speculative fiction book.
Have you read City of Ashes? It is written by Cassandra Clare.
Sure, Clockwork Angel was released in 2005. It's a fiction book.
You're welcome!
Alfonso Cuaron directed The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did direct Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Yes, it's a fantasy movie.
You're welcome!
Sure, Mere Christianity was written by John Scalzi and is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
C.S. Lewis also wrote a book called Mere Christianity. Have you read it?
You're welcome.
I think Paul McCartney is a great actor. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
I don't know much about Liverpool, but I do know that Paul McCartney starred in The Beatles.
Yes, he is a great player in Liverpool. Did you know he also played for the Liverpool Red Sox?
I'm not sure, but I do know Paul McCartney is a Beatles fan.
Laurie Halse Anderson is a great writer. She wrote The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby.
Wintergirls is a young adult fiction novel written by Laurie Halse Anderson.
I'll add it now.
Yes, Rihanna is a great singer. Do you like her music?
Yes, she has won a Grammy for Best Song of the Year award. Have you heard it?
It's a drama. Do you like that genre?
Marc Forester is a great actor. He also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Sure, Marc Forester starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Finding Neverland is a Thriller. It is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're very welcome!
Yes, Mockingjay is written by J.R. Tolkien. Do you like his work?
Suzanne Collins also wrote The Great Gatsby which is also a Young-adult fiction.
Yes she did. Gregor Overlander is a great movie.
Jonathan Dayton is a writer and a writer. He wrote The Great Gatsby. Have you heard of it?
Yes, he did. He also starred in Little Miss Sunshine. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was in that. He also starred in Little Miss Sunshine.
She's a great actress. She's been in a lot of movies. She's been in a lot of movies. She's been in a lot of movies. She's been in a lot of movies.
You're very welcome!
A Walk to Remember is written by John Scalzi. It is a young-adult fiction book. Do you like young-adult fiction?
He also wrote A Walk to Remember which is a teen drama.
Yes, it was made into a Drama. Do you like Dramas?
Sure, you might also enjoy The Little Prince or The Little Prince. Have you heard of those?
The Matrix Revolution was produced by Tom Hanks, who also produced The Matrix Reloaded.
Keanu Reeves starred in The Matrix Revolution and The Matrix Reloaded.
He also starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Reloaded. Have you seen those?
Yes, she has starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Reloaded.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Yes, Simon West directed The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it?
Yes he did. He also directed The Expendables 2
Yes he did. He also starred in X-Men 2.
You're welcome
I hope you enjoy it!
M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans and The Light Between Oceans
No, I haven't heard of 2012, but I heard it was a great movie.
Sure, he also produced The Light Between Oceans which was released in 2012.
You're very welcome!
Yes, Daphne du Maurier wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Bees. Have you seen those?
My Cousin Rachel is a Romance film. It was released in 2005.
I don't have that information but I can tell you it was released in 2005.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them, but I know they are owned by Tom Brady. Do you like them?
I don't know much about the stadium, but I do know they play in the Seattle Seahawks. Do you like them?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a quarterback for the Steelers.
I don't know much about the coach, but I do know he was born in Pittsburgh.
I think they will make it to the sueprbowl this year.
Isn't he a singer-songwriter?
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Justin Timberlake also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Yes, she is a great singer. Did you know she starred in X-Men 2?
I haven't seen American Idol, but I haven't seen it. Is it a comedy?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you a lot about Tyra Banks. She's a great actress.
No, I didn't know that. She was also in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Joseph Sikora also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
The Watcher is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, it did star Leonardo Dicaprio.
You're very welcome!
She's a great writer. Did you know she starred in Xenocide or Xenocide?
She is also a poet and a poet. She was born in San Francisco.
You're welcome!
Station Eleven was written by Emily St. John Mandel and released in 2014.
Toni Morrison is an author who wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Pi. Have you read any of those?
The Bluest Eye is a thriller
You might also enjoy The Bluest Eye
Enter's Game was written by Rick Riordan
You're welcome
Downfall is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I'm not sure, but I'm not sure who starred in it.
You're very welcome!
Sure! Andrew Stanton starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Yes, Jeff Garlin also starred in The Walt Disney Company. Have you seen it?
Jeff Garlin was in Toy Story 3 and The Walt Disney Company.
Sure, The Great Gatsby is a book similar to The Great Gatsby. Have you read it?
That's a great one! You might also enjoy The Crucible. It's a drama.
2012 is written by Harald Kloser and Roland Emmerich.
You're very welcome!
Gerard Butler is a great actor. He starred in a lot of movies. He was also a director. He was also a director. Have you seen it?
Playing for Keeps is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It was released in 2010. It's a great movie.
Sure, I will play it for you now.
I haven't seen it, but I know it was written by John Scalzi.
Martin McDonagh starred in the movie. It was released in 2005.
Yes, he did star in Wrath of the Titans and Prince of Egypt.
You're welcome!
Sure, Chris Weitz starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Chris Weitz also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
No, I haven't seen it, but it was directed by Chris Weitz.
Sure, he directed X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Yes, The Nightingale is a book written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like books written by him?
Yes, she wrote The Nightingale and The Nightingale. Have you read them?
Sure, Summer Island, Home Front, Firefly Lane, and Distant Shores are some of her books.
Isn't he a tennis player? I don't know much about him.
Sure, Novak Djokovic starred in The Expendables 2 and The Expendables 2.
You're very welcome!
I haven't seen it, but I do like it. Did you know it was written by Stephen King?
Yes, he did write Hudson Hawk. Have you seen it?
Sure, How about The Grinch Stole Christmas? It was written by Stephen King.
Yes, it was released in 1957 and is a Children's literature.
The Sneetches and Other Stories is a Children's literature and was released in 1957.
You're very welcome!
Yes, Whiplash is a great movie. It was directed by J.K. Simmons and released in 2014.
Yes she did. She also starred in The Longest Ride.
The Longest Ride is a Thriller. Do you like those genres?
Yes, The Longest Ride is a Romance film.
Yes, Faster was directed by George Tillman Jr. and it's a drama.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by the Dallas Cowboys.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he was born in Los Angeles.
I'm not sure, but I think the Lakers will win the next year.
Sure, Larissa Volokhonsky wrote рат овести, and ес. Have you read either?
Eeccbl is written by ес and is a speculative fiction.
You're very welcome!
The Notebook was written by John Scalzi. Would you like to know other books by him?
Then you might enjoy The Notebook. It's a Romance novel. It's part of a series.
Yes, he wrote Tuck Everlasting. It was released in 2005.
You're very welcome!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by the Washington Redskins.
I don't know much about Pete Rozelle, but Pete Rozelle is a coach for the Washington Redskins.
I don't know much about Pete Rozelle, but I do know he was born in Washington DC.
Cheryl Strayed is a writer and a writer. She wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Bees. Have you read those?
You might also enjoy The Secret Life of Love and Life from Dear Sugar. They are both self help books.
You're very welcome!
The Cuckoo's Calling was written by J.K Rowling and released in 2013.
She also wrote The Cuckoo's Calling which was released in 2013.
The Silkworm is a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy books?
You're very welcome!
Yes, Thomas Lennon is a great actor. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
Yes, it's a Comedy Central movie. Do you like Comedy Central because it is a comedy?
Yes, it's a crime fiction. Do you like crime fiction?
Little House on the Prairie is a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy books?
Sure! Do you like books written by the same author or the genre?
Do you like the book because it's a fantasy book?
Isn't she a tennis player? I don't know much about her but I do know she is a tennis player.
I didn't know that but I did know that Serena Williams starred in The Hair Show.
Yes, she lost a match to Victoria Azarenka. She is a great tennis player.
Yes, The Lost Symbol was made into a movie. Do you like movies starring Tom Hanks?
Tom Hanks also produced The Lost Symbol. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did write the Da Vinci Code and The Inferno.
Yes, Dan Brown also produced The Da Vinci Code and The Inferno.
Yes, Bourne Supremacy is a drama. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome!
Yes, X-Men Orgins: Wolverine is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
I'm not sure, but Hugh Jackman also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Sure, you'll enjoy the Avengers, The Avengers and The Avengers. Have you seen those?
Yes, he did star in Iron Man 2 and he also starred in X-Men 2.
Tim Dolin wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented
Tim Dolin wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented
Rick Yancey is a writer and author. Do you like him because he is a writer?
Sutton has written a number of books, including The Assassin's Blade and The Assassin's Blade. Have you heard of those?
You're welcome
No, I haven't seen it. Did you know it was written by Steven Spielberg?
Yes, he was also in The Ten.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Gone with the Wind is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Gone with the Wind is a great historical fiction movie. You might also enjoy The Great Gatsby or The Great Gatsby. Have you seen those?
Sure, The Untouchables is written by John Scalzi. It's part of a series.
You're welcome!
Yes, Last Song is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
He also wrote The Last Song. Have you read it?
Yes, he also wrote The Last Song, have you read it?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are a great band. Is there anything else I can help with?
Sure! Cornelia Funke wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Bees. Have you read any of these?
She also wrote Inkheart. Have you seen that one?
You're very welcome!
Do you like the Hangover Part II because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
School for Scoundrels is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks.
You're welcome!
Albus Dumbledore wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them
Fantastic Beasts is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're very welcome!
Mahendra Singh Dhoni is a cricket player from India. Do you like cricket?
I don't know much about soccer, but I do know he is a cricket player from India.
Robert Duvall starred in a lot of movies. He also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Sure, Tracy Chevalier wrote The Secret History of a Young-adult fiction book called The Great Gatsby. Have you read it?
Yes, The Last Runaway was released in 2001.
You're welcome!
Sure, The BFG is a great book. Do you like it because it is a science fiction?
Yes, it is a children's literature. Do you like children's literature?
Yes, Quentin Blake has a few autobiographies out of the books. He was also a teacher and a teacher.
You're very welcome!
Yes, Manchester City F.C. is a football team. Do you like football?
Yes, I do. He wrote The Great Gatsby. Have you read that one?
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a science fiction movie. Do you like science fiction movies?
Stan Lee also starred in The Incredible Hulk
Iron Man 3 also starred Robert Downey Jr.
You're welcome!
Howls Moving Castle is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Jon Favreau is known for his role in a film starring Tom Hanks. Have you seen it?
Sure, Joe Johnston directed The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it?
Joe Johnston directed Captain America: The First Avenger. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. He also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
You're very welcome!
Sure, Gillian Flynn is similar to Sharp Objects. Do you like her work?
Sure, Gillian Flynnn also wrote The Last Stand and The Last Stand. Have you read either of those?
Yes, Gone Girl was made into a movie. It was released in 2005.
It was released in 2005.
Yes, Truman Capote is a great author. He wrote a lot of books. He also wrote Xenocide. Have you read that one?
Cold Blood is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Transformers is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
A.I. Artificial Intelligence is starring Robert Downey Jr. and Jennifer Lawrence.
Haley Joel Osment and Robin Williams both directed and directed the movie.
You're very welcome!
Yes, Mark Cotta Vaz wrote The Complete illustrated Movie Companion. Have you read it?
Yes, it is a vampire series. Do you like vampires?
Yes, it was written by Mark Cotta Vaz who also wrote The Twilight series.
You're very welcome!
Sure, Martin McDonagh directed The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it?
Seven Psychopaths is a Thriller directed by Martin McDonagh
You're welcome
Sure, Where the Heart Is is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Gap Creek is a science fiction book that was released in 2001.
You're very welcome!
You're welcome!
Isn't he a golfer from Murrieta?
I don't know much about golf, but I do know he is from Murrieta, and is from Murrieta.
Yes, Julie Bowen also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Connie Nielsen starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
She also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
It's a drama
The 5th Wave is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I don't have that information, but I do know that it was released in 2016.
The Last Star is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
You might also enjoy The Last Star, which is a mystery movie.
You're very welcome!
She's a great singer. She's a great singer. Did you know she starred in a movie called The Secret Life of Bees?
She's a great singer. Did you know she also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Yes, she was hilarious in that movie. Did you know she also starred in a movie called X-Men?
Isn't he a great actor. He starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
No, I haven't seen it. I haven't seen it. Is it a sci-fi movie?
Yes, Ryan Reynolds is a great actor. He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Justin Bieber is a great actor. He starred in a lot of movies. Did you know he also starred in X-Men 2?
Justin Bieber is a great singer. He also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Yes, he is a very talented young man. Do you like him?
Sure! Do you like Sci-Fi movies because it's a Sci-Fi movie?
Yes, Nolan Gerard Funk starred in it as well. Do you like his movies?
Nolan Gerard Funk also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2
Do you like the movie because it's a thriller?
Grown Up was directed by Steven Spielberg
Yes he did, he also directed and produced the movie. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Victor Hugo is a great actor. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
The Hunchback of Notre Dame was released in 2001
Yes, it is a Gothic Fiction book.
Then you might also like The Great Gatsby or The Great Gatsby.
You're very welcome!
Paul Thomas Anderson is a writer and a politician. He starred in a lot of movies. Do you like his movies?
Yes, I like Sia Furler's music. She's a great singer. Did you know she starred in X-Men?
Yes, he has a lot of songs. He has a lot of genres. He has a lot of genres. Is that something you'd like to hear?
Yea, he's also a composer and a musician.
Anthony Hopkins starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Bobby and in Peter and Paul is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Peter and Paul also starred Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks.
You're very welcome!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver.
I think they have a good season, I think they are doing well this year.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like them?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he plays for the Seattle Seahawks.
Yes, he is with the Denver Nuggets.
Space Jam is a classic. I think you'll enjoy it.
The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet is written by William Shakespeare.
The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet was released in 1953
You're very welcome
Simona Halep is a tennis player. She is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I don't know much about Serena Williams, but I do know that she is a tennis player.
Yes, she lost a couple of matches with Maria Sharapova. She's a great tennis player.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Tom Brady. Do you like them?
I don't know, but Jim Caldwell is also a coach for the Detroit Lions.
I'm not sure, but Jim Caldwell coached the Indianapolis Colts as well.
Yes, Mervyn Peake is a writer and a writer. He wrote The Last Crusade. Have you read it?
Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was released in 2001.
Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was released in 1886.
Sure, you might also enjoy The Last Stand or The Last Crusade.
Twilight Eyes is starring Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks.
Sure, I'll send it right now.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was written by J.K. Rowling. Would you like to read it?
Chris Columbus wrote and directed the movie Where the Wild Things Are. Have you seen it?
Kenneth H. Blanchard wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement. Have you read it?
Who Moved My Cheese is written by Kenneth H. Blanchard
Sure, You Can Win was released in 1998. It is a Thriller/Drama.
You're welcome!
The Fountainhead was written by John Scalzi. Would you like to know more about it?
She also wrote The Fountainhead. Have you heard of it?
You're very welcome!
Do you like Bram Stoker because it was written by David J. Skal or because it was a thriller?
Bram Stoker wrote The Last Crusade which is a horror book.
The Girl Next Door was written by Robert Downey Jr.
Sure, Jack Ketchum wrote The Girl Next Door which is a horror book
Sure, Frances Mayes wrote The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby. Have you read those?
Under the Tuscan Sun is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
You're very welcome!
Do you like the movie because it's a thriller?
Yes, Harper Lee wrote Go Set a Watchman
You are welcome
Harper Lee also wrote Go Set a Watchman
Yes, it is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
No, I haven't seen it, but I haven't seen it yet.
Yes, he did write Beyond the Sea. Have you seen it?
He also starred in The Godfather: Part II which is a drama. Have you seen it?
Michael Byrne also starred in Vampyres and Tomorrow Never Dies
You're welcome!
Seamus Heaney is a writer and a writer. He wrote The Last Crusade. Have you heard of it?
Beowulf is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
It's written in English. It's a fantasy movie.
Sure, Brian Thompson starred in The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby. Have you seen those?
Brian Thompson starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Lionheart is a crime fiction film starring Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks. It was released in 2005.
Harrison Pelikan also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Harrison Page also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
You're very welcome!
Sure, Martin McDonagh directed The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it?
Seven Psychopaths was written by Martin McDonagh, who also wrote The Last Crusade. It's a thriller.
Seven Psychopaths is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
He's a great basketball player. He's also a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks. Do you like basketball?
I'm not a basketball fan, but I do know he's a point guard for the Houston Rockets.
That's right. He's also a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks.
Do you like the Wise Man's Fear because it is a Romance novel?
Alien is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, he did. He also produced the movie X-Men 2.
Yes, he also produced X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
You're very welcome!
The Rosie Project was written by Graeme Simsion and released in 2013.
Yes, Graeme Simsion wrote The Rosie Project and The Rosie Effect.
Yes, we are Called to Rise was released in 2014.
Sure, Antoine Fuqua starred in Xenocide which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Olympus Has Fallen also starred Robert Downey Jr. and John Scalzi.
Danny Lerner also produced a film called X-Men: Days of Future Past which is a thriller.
War Inc was written by John Cusack.
Isn't he a singer-songwriter?
That's a great movie. Did you know Justin Timberlake also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
I'm not sure if he is friends with Will Smith, but he's also a celebrity friend with Will Smith.
The Catcher in the Rye is a book written by J.R. Tolkien. Do you like his work?
To Kill a Mockingbird was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald.
Harper Lee also wrote To Kill a Mockingbird.
You're welcome!
Clockwork Angel was written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King books?
Yes, the Shadowhunter's Codex was released in 2010.
You're very welcome!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by the Boston Red Sox. Do you like them?
I don't know much about baseball but I do know that they are owned by George Steinbrenner and owned by George Steinbrenner
I don't have that information but I do know they are owned by George Steinbrenner and they are owned by George Steinbrenner
Yes, Michael Jackson and Brittany Murphy both died in a heart attack.
That's a good one. I think he's a great artist.
Isn't she a tennis player? I don't know much about her.
I didn't watch the 2012 Summer Olympics, but I did watch the 2012 Summer Olympics.
I don't know much about Western Europe, but I do know that Saina Nehwal was in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Yes, Last Sacrifice is written by John Scalzi. Do you like his work?
The Amazing Spider-Man is written by Steven Spielberg. It's a sci-fi movie.
Steve Kloves wrote The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and The Amazing Spider-Man 2.
Yes, it was a fantasy adventure film
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Gillian Flynnn wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Bees. Have you read those?
Sharp Objects is a science fiction book
There are a couple of mystery books that you might enjoy. It is a great book.
You're welcome
Sure, Frank Herbert wrote The Great Gatsby. Have you read it?
That's a great Psychological Thriller. Do you like Psychological Thrillers?
I don't have that information, but I do know it was released in 2001.
You're very welcome!
Do you like Madagascar because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Then you might also like the movie X-Men Origins. It is a comedy.
You're very welcome!
Yes, The Eye of the World is written by John Scalzi and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Wizard of Oz is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, it's a great movie. It's a great movie.
You're very welcome!
Little Miss Sunshine is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure, it was released in 2005. It's a comedy. It's a comedy.
You're very welcome!
I haven't read it, but I do enjoy it. It was written by John Scalzi.
Yes, I have read At Water's Edge. Have you read it?
No, I haven't heard of Ape House. It was written by Sara Guen.
I'll add it to your list.
You're very welcome!
You're welcome.
Beautiful Disaster was written by Jamie Mcguire and released in 2011. It was released in 2011.
Jamie McGuire also wrote Beautiful Disaster. Have you read it?
You're very welcome!
Pulp Fiction is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like his acting?
John Travolta also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Sandra Ellis Lafferty starred in The Hunger Games: Catching Fire. Have you seen it?
Sandra Ellis Lafferty starred in Walk the Line. She also starred in X-Men 2.
Sandra Ellis Lafferty was also in Walk the Line.
Joseph Heller is a writer and a writer. He wrote The Great Gatsby. Have you read that one?
I don't know much about them, but I do know that they are owned by the Manchester United F.C.
I'm not a big fan of the Nets, but I'm a big fan of the Patriots.
The Lakers are a great team. The Lakers are a few of my favorites.
Sure, Jake Gyllenhaal is a writer and a director. He wrote The Secret Life of Pi and The Secret Life of Pi. Have you read those?
Zodiac was released in 1999.
Jake Gyllenhaal also starred in Zodiac, which is a crime movie.
David Harbour also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, and X-Men: First Class.
Norton Juster wrote The Phantom Tollbooth and The Phantom Tollbooth. Have you read those?
He also wrote The Phantom Tollbooth, which was released in 1961.
Yes, it is part of a series.
The Looking Glass Wars was released in 1961.
Marion Zimmer Bradley is a writer and a director. She starred in a lot of movies. She was also a film producer.
The Mists of Avalon is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
Marion Zimmer Bradley is the author of The Looking Glass Wars. It is a fantasy novel.
You're very welcome!
John Ratzenberger starred in The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby. Have you seen any of those?
It also stars Tom Hanks and John Ratzenberger.
It's a drama. Do you like drama?
You're very welcome!
Sure, Jennifer Weiner wrote The Secret Life and The Life Aquatic. Have you read either of those?
It's a comedy-drama. Do you like comedy-drama?
You're very welcome!
Yes, O Brother, Where Art Thou is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a crime fiction?
Joel Coen also wrote O Brother, Where Art Thou. Have you seen it?
Paris was released in 2005.
You're welcome!
Anthony Daniels is a great actor. He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
Sure! Wally Lamb wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of the Living Dead. Have you read those?
Wishin' and Hopin': A Christmas Story was released in 2011.
Yes, it was released in 2009.
Ken Kesey is a writer and a writer. He wrote a lot of books. He was born in New York City. Have you read it?
Yes, Ken Kesey also wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you read that one?
Yes, Alan Cumming was in it as well. He also starred in X-Men 2 which is a comedy.
Do you like the movie because it's a thriller?
Mark Wahlberg also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Sure Kate Winslet is friends with Kate Winslet and he also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Lukas Haas has been in a number of movies, including X-Men, X-Men, and X-Men 2.
Yes, they both starred together in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
You're welcome.
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader was written by J.K. Rowling.
C.S Lewis also wrote The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. It is a fantasy novel.
The Silver Chair is a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy books?
Neill Blomkamp is a director, director and director. He starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Yes, District 9 is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Kyla Pratt also starred in Shark Night.
You're very welcome!
Carly Rae Jepsen is a singer-songwriter and songwriter. Did you know she was a singer-songwriter?
She's a great singer. She's also a singer and songwriter.
You're welcome!
Javier Hernández is a soccer player from Brazil. He plays for FC Bayern Munich.
Javier Hernández is a player on the Mexico national football team. He is also a player on the Colombia national football team.
I don't know, but I know he is from Mexico.
Bobby Farrelly starred in The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby. Have you seen those?
He also starred in X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
Jim Carrey is in Me, Myself, Myself, and Irene. Jim Carrey starred in Me, Myself and Myself.
You're very welcome!
Isn't he a point guard for the Minnesota Timberwolves?
He plays for the Minnesota Timberwolves. Do you like him?
Yeah, I like the Bulls. Do you like them?
Sure, Number Stars is written by John Scalzi. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Lois Lowry wrote Number Stars, and falls in the historical fiction genre.
You're very welcome!
Sure! Quentin Blake wrote The Secret Life and The Life Aquatic. Have you read either of those?
Sure, Quentin Blake wrote The Last Jedi and The Last Jedi. Have you read those?
That is a great fantasy book. I think you will enjoy it!
The movie was released in 2005.
You're very welcome!
Will Grayson is a Speculative fiction book. Do you like those genres?
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars. Have you read it?
You're very welcome!
Do you like the Firm because it's a thriller or because it's a thriller?
The partner is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome!
Sure, Aldous Huxley wrote The Secret History of a Young-adult fiction book called The Great Gatsby. Have you read it?
Yes, The Doors of Perception & Heaven was released in 1956.
Yes, The Last Battle was released in 1956.
You're very welcome!
Yes, he wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
He also wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes. Have you read this one?
He also wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
You're very welcome!
You're welcome.
Mary McDonnell starred in The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby. Have you seen those?
Yes, Robert Redford also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Yes, Scarlett Johansen was in The Horse Whisperer with Scarlett Johansen.
Scoop is a drama/drama.
David Sedaris has written a number of books. He has written a number of books, including The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Pi. Have you read those?
It's a science fiction book. Do you like science fiction books?
Yes, it was released in 2008
You're very welcome!
Yes, I love her music. She's a great singer. Did you know she starred in The Virgin Suicides?
No, I didn't. Did you know she was born in San Francisco?
That's a great one! She's a great singer. Did you know she also starred in X-Men?
Robin Williams starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
I haven't seen it, but it is a comedy. Do you like comedy?
Yes, Leslie Dixon was in that movie as well.
You're very welcome!
The Bourne Identity is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he was in Fair Game. Did you know Fair Game was directed by Stephen King?
Sure, you might also enjoy The Last Crusade or The Last Crusade.
You're very welcome!
Sure, Christopher Bigsby is a writer and a director. He starred in The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it?
Sure, The Crucible is written by Christopher Bigsby, it is a Thriller, it is a Thriller, it is a Thriller.
Sure, you might also enjoy The Last Crusade or The Last Crusade.
The Fall of the House of Usher is written by Christopher Bigsby
You're very welcome!
I think he's a good basketball player. He's a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks. Do you like basketball?
Isn't he a basketball player? I don't know much about him.
I don't know much about basketball but I do know he plays for the Oklahoma City Thunder.
He plays for the Seattle Supersonics.
Sure, Mary Harron directed The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby.
Mary Psycho is a crime fiction film
You're welcome
It was released in 2003
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Do you like Matrix because it is a science fiction book?
Andy Wachowski also wrote V for Vendetta. Have you seen it?
Yes, Robert Schwentke is a writer and a director. He wrote The Secret Life and Life of Pi. Have you read those?
Allegiant stars Robert Schwentke and Robert Schwentke. Are you familiar with them?
Theo James is a great action movie. It's a great action movie.
He wrote The Light Between Oceans and The Light Between Oceans. Have you read those?
The Light Between Oceans is a science fiction book.
Yes, it was starred by Roland Emmerich. It was released in 2012.
You're welcome.
Isn't he a tennis player? Isn't he a singer?
Andy Tennant starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, and X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen those?
Fool's Gold is starring Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks.
Yes, Matthew McConauhey did star in Fool's Gold. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Stephen Dubner is a writer and a screenwriter. He wrote and starred in a lot of movies. Do you like his movies?
Stephen Dubner has written a number of books
You are welcome
I haven't seen Taxi Driver, but I do enjoy it. It's a great movie. Do you like it because it is a thriller?
Yes, Taxi Driver is a crime fiction movie. Do you like those types of movies?
You're very welcome!
Isn't he a midfielder for the Uruguay national football team?
Yes he did play for Liverpool F.C.
Yes, he is a midfielder for the Uruguay national football team.
The New England Patriots are owned by Wayne Weaver. Do you like them?
Yes, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is written by J.K. Rowling. Have you read it?
That's a great book. It was written by Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
The last book was Harry potter and the Deathly Hallows.
O Brother, Where Art Thou is written by John Scalzi. It is a Thriller. Do you like his work?
Joel Coen also starred in the movie Troy and the Odyssey.
Yes, it is written by Joel Coen and is a Thriller.
You're very welcome!
A Streetcar Named Desire is written by John Scalzi. Do you like his work?
That's a good one. Tenessee Williams also wrote The Last Man in the Water. Have you read it?
The Glass Menagerie is a young-adult fiction book that was released in 1999.
I'll add it to your reading list.
Yes, Hayao Miyazaki starred in Apocalypse Now. Have you seen it?
Ponyo has a genre of Fantasy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Yûki Amami and Yuria Nara also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
You're welcome.
Yes, Ma Long is a table tennis player from China. Do you like table tennis?
I don't know, but I do know he was born in China.
I don't know, but I do know that he was born in China.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by the San Francisco Rams.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they won the World Series
I don't know much of the Rangers, but I do know they are owned by the Dallas Cowboys.
Isn't that a soccer team? I don't know much about them.
I don't know much about soccer but I do know that Louis van Gaal is a coach for the Germany national football team.
I don't know much about the team, but I don't know much about soccer. I'm a football fan.
Yes, Horse and His Boy is a great book. It was written by John Scalzi. Do you like that genre?
That's a good one. It's a great children's book. Do you like children's literature?
You're very welcome!
Jennifer Weiner is a great actress. She's starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Yes, she did write the screenplay. She also starred in a movie called The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
Yes, she also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past which is a comedy.
You're very welcome!
She's a great writer! She's also a writer. She's also a writer.
You're very welcome!
Odd THomas is written by Christopher Nolan. Do you like his work?
Yes, Odd Thomas is a thriller. Do you like thrillers? It's a great movie.
I'm not sure who wrote Worth Dying For, but it's a thriller.
Jane Austin wrote Sense and Sensibility, which is a Speculative fiction book.
Pride and Prejudice is a romance novel. It was released in 2005.
Jane Austen starred in Pride and Prejudice, Emma, and Mansfield Park.
You're very welcome!
Sure! Do you like Titanic because it's a science fiction movie?
Then you might also like Titanic because it's a romance film.
Yes, Divergent was adapted from a book written by J.R. Tolkien.
Sure, you might enjoy The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Pi. Have you read those?
She's a great actress. She's a great actress. Did you know she starred in The Princess Diaries? She's a great actress.
Yes, Sandra Bullock also starred in The Proposal. Have you seen it?
The Proposal is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome!
Agatha Christie is a writer and a screenwriter. She wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Bees. Have you read any of those?
They Do it with Mirrors is a fiction book.
She also wrote They Do it with Mirrors and The Secret Adversary.
Isn't Helen McCrory a writer?
Yes, that is a great movie. She also starred in X-Men 2. Have you seen it?
Ralph Fiennes and Mirnanda Richardson both starred in Part II. Have you seen it?
Yes, John Woo directed The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it?
Red Cliff is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Then you might also enjoy the War Film, X-Men: Days of Future Past, and X-Men: First Class.
You're very welcome!
Madonna is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
Yes, Darnell is a director and director. He also directed The Last Samurai. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Sure, Edgar Wright directed The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but I do know that Scott Pilgrim starred in The Worlds End, which is a thriller.
Yes, Shaun of the Dead was directed by Edgar Wright.
I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, he is a great basketball player. Did you know he was born in Oakland?
I don't know much, but I know he is a basketball player from the Seattle Seahawks.
I don't know much about Oklahoma, but he is a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks
A Grief Observed is written by C.S. Lewis and released in 1961.
C. S Lewis also wrote Into the Wild, which is a great book.
You're very welcome!
I think he's a great tennis player. I think he's a great tennis player.
I don't know much about tennis, but he is from London.
No, I didn't know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm not sure, but I do know that he was influenced by Roger Federer.
Eric Schlosser is a writer and a screenwriter. He wrote and starred in a lot of movies. Have you seen it?
Yes, Walt Whitman is a journalist and a journalist. He was also a journalist.
Yes, Leaves of Grass is considered children's literature.
You're welcome!
Sure, Rob Cohen starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
The Fast and the Furious is a great movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, Paul Walker is in both movies. He was also in The Skulls with Hill Harper
I don't know, but I do know he passed in Takers.
Sure, Peter Krause has starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen those?
The Truman Show is a drama. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome.
Isn't he a cricket player from India?
Sure, Fannie Flagg wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Pi. Have you read any of those?
I Still Dream About You is a science fiction book that was released in 2005.
I Still Dream About You is a psychological thriller that was released in 2010
You're welcome!
Toy Story 3 is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a Thriller?
Toy Story 3 was written by John Scalzi. It is a great movie.
Toy Story 3 is written by Tom Hanks and it is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Sure! Do you like Memento because it's a Sci-Fi movie?
Then you might also enjoy The Last Crusade or The Last Crusade.
Robert Downey Jr. starred in Wicker Park.
You're very welcome!
Yes, Jean M Auel is a writer and a writer. He wrote and starred in Apocalypto.
That's a great one. It's a great book. It's a great book. It's part of a series.
Yes, Jean Rhys wrote "Wide Sargasso Sea" and "The Living."
You're very welcome!
The Battle of the Labyrinth is written by John Scalzi. It is a speculative fiction book.
Rick Riordan wrote The Battle of the Labyrinth. It is part of a series.
Yes, he did. The Lost Hero is part of a series.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a German footballer.
I don't know much about him, but I know he plays for the Germany national football team.
Yes, he's a midfielder for the Germany national football team.
I am not a big fan of Alex Morgan, but I do know he is a coach for the New England Patriots. Do you like him?
I don't know much about soccer but I do know that Alex Morgan is a football player.
Rudy is a great movie. Did you see the Titans?
Sara Shepard is a writer and a writer. She wrote The Secret Life and Life of Pi. Have you read either of those?
Yes, she did write Pretty Little Liars which is also a teen drama
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a great book. It was written by John Scalzi. Do you like his work?
Yes, it is a great movie. It was released in 2001.
Yes, she was in Under the Tuscan Sun. Did you know she also starred in The Princess Diaries? It is a Romantic Comedy.
Sure, I will.
You're welcome!
Do you like the Grapes of Wrath because it is a thriller?
The Secret River is a drama. Do you like drama?
It's a novel that was released in 1999. It's a novel.
She's a great tennis player. She's been in a lot of films. She's been in a lot of movies.
I'm not sure, but I do know that Chelsea is a team in the United States.
I don't know much about them, but they are part of the National Football League.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are in the United States.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by the Seattle Seahawks.
Michael Henry Heim wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Pi. Have you read those?
Sure, Brandon Sanderson wrote The Secret History of a Young-adult fiction book called The Little Prince. Have you read it?
Yes he did, he also wrote The Hero of Ages
Yes, it was released in 2008
You're welcome!
Zodiac is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks. It is a Thriller.
Robert Downey Jr. also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Then you'll enjoy Zodiac. It's a great movie!
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Bryan Singer directed a number of movies. He also directed The Last Jedi and The Last Jedi. Have you seen any of those?
Sure, Bryan Singer starred in X-Men 2 and he also starred in X-Men 2. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I haven't seen it, but I'm a big fan of Thrillers. Do you like those types of movies?
You're very welcome!
Yes, Unbreakable is starring Bruce Willis. Do you like his acting?
Yes, Samual Jackson also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
I'll add them to your list now.
You're very welcome!
Sure, Terry Gilliam directed The Last Stand which is a thriller. Have you seen it?
The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus is a science fiction film released in 1999.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
The Lucky One is a fiction book. Do you like fiction books?
Then you might also enjoy The Lucky One. It's a romance novel.
Wedding and the Guardian is a romance novel written by Nicholas Sparks. It was released in 2005.
Yes, Zane Grey is a romance novel. Do you like romance books?
You're welcome.
The Wolf of Wall Street is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure, American Masters is a book that was written by John Scalzi. It is also a film.
You're very welcome!
Do you like The Clan of the Cave Bear because it is a thriller?
Then you might also enjoy The Great Gatsby or The Great Gatsby. Have you read those?
You're very welcome!
Callum Rennie has been in a number of movies, including X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Callum Rennie starred in EXistenZ. It is a comedy. Do you like comedy?
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King books?
It was written by J.R. Tolkien
She also wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Bees. Have you read those?
Gillian Flynnn wrote Dark Places and it's a mystery novel. Do you like mystery?
Sure, The Scar is a novel written by John Scalzi. It's part of a series. It's part of a series.
The Theory of Everything was directed by Christopher Nolan. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Lames Marsh directed The Theory of Everything. Have you seen it?
Sure, it was released in 2005 and stars Tom Hanks.
Total Recall is written by John Scalzi. Do you like his work?
Ronny Cox also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Ronny Cox also starred in The Car and The Beast Within You.
You're welcome.
Do you like Bram Stoker because it was written by David J. Skal or because it was a thriller?
Vanishing Acts is a horror novel. Do you like horror novels?
I don't have that information, but Jodi Picoult wrote Vanishing Acts and The Haunted.
Brave is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Sure, Up is a great movie by the same company as Brave. It was released in 2005.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He's a soccer player from Brazil. He plays for FC Bayern Munich.
Yes, she is from Rio de Janeiro and plays for the Brazil national football team
Yes, she plays with Luis Fabiano
Yes, J. R. Ward is a great actor. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Yes, you might also enjoy The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Bees by J.R. Ward.
That's a great one! It's a drama. It's a great movie. It's a drama.
I'll add that to your watch list.
I don't know much, but I know he is a cricket player from India.
I don't know much about cricket but I do know he plays for the Mumbai Indians.
I don't know much about cricket but I do know that he plays for the Mumbai Indians.
Felicia Bond wrote If You Take a Mouse to the Movies and If You Take a Mouse to the Movies. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it was released in 1985.
I am not sure. If you give a Pig a Pancake was released in 1985.
You're very welcome!
Isn't he a tennis player? Isn't he a tennis player?
Yes they do. She also wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction.
Perfect Chemistry is written by Simone Elkeles. She also wrote Xenocide. Have you read that one?
Harold Ramis also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that?
Harold Ramis is a great actor. He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
Groundhog Day is in the comedy genre
Steve Jobs is a writer and a writer. He wrote The Secret Life and Life of Pi. Have you read any of those?
Sure! Wither was written by Steve Jobs and was released in 2011. You might also like The Last Man in the Air.
Sure! She wrote Sever and Fever. It was released in 2011 and is a drama.
Erin Morgenstern wrote The Night Circus and The Night Circus. Have you read them?
Yes, The Last Song was written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King books?
Yes, Nicholas Sparks also wrote True Believe. Have you read it?
It is a book called The Last Song. It was released in 2011.
At First Sight is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're very welcome!
The cowboys are a great team. They are owned by Tom Hanks. Do you like them?
That's a good one. The Cheerleaders are a great team in the National Football League.
That's a good one. The Cowboys and Cowboys have a lot of talent in the arts.
Yuvraj Singh is a cricket player from India. He is a cricket player.
Yes, he was in Slumdog Millionaire.
Yes, Danny Boyle also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past which is a horror film.
To Kill A Mockingbird is written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King books?
Yes, Go Set a Watchman is written by the same author.
You're welcome.
Isn't she a tennis player? I don't know much about her.
Yes, Zlatan Ibrahimovic is an athlete that plays for the Mumbai Indians. Do you like him?
No, I haven't heard of Serena Williams, but I have heard of Serena Williams. She's a great athlete.
Adam Levine is a great actor. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Yes, she is famous for starring in the movie The Last Crusade.
I don't have that information, but I do know Adam Levine is also a producer and a producer.
Kick Ass is starring Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
Xander Berkeley is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Kick-Ass was directed by Frank Beddor.
Sure, Nicolas Cage also starred in Xander Berkeley which is a comedy film.
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a comedy film.
Nicolas Cage starred in The Sorcerer's Apprentice, Lord of War, and The Sorcerer's Apprentice.
You're very welcome!
Yes, Kendrick Lamar is a singer-songwriter and songwriter. Do you like his music?
I don't know much about Zakir Hussain, but I know he is a musician and a musician.
I don't have that information, but I do know that he won the Padma Shri Award for Best Actress.
Sure! Do you like Inside Man because it's a thriller?
She's been in a lot of movies. She's also starred in X-Men: Apocalypse Now. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is a great movie. It was released in 2005. It is a thriller.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Gangs of New York is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, it is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure, Schindler's List is a Thriller. It's a Thriller.
You're welcome.
Sure, The Great Gatsby is a book similar to The Great Gatsby. Have you read it?
Yes, Monsters of Men is a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy books?
If you like Fiction, you might also enjoy The Last Samurai. It's a great book.
You're welcome.
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer was written by John Scalzi. It is a young-adult fiction book.
Sure, Lucia Graves wrote The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby
El juego del angel is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like those genres?
Yes, it was released in 2008.
You're welcome!
Yes, Lady Gaga is a great song. She was born in New York City. Do you like her music?
I don't have that information, but I do know she was born in March 28, 1986.
Lady Gaga starred in The Muppets
No,I don't have that information but I do know that she is a singer
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver.
I think Lamar Jackson is a quarterback for the Baltimore Ravens. I think Lamar Jackson is a quarterback.
Yes, he is a great player.
Spirit Bound is a speculative fiction book. Do you like those genres?
Sure, you might also enjoy the Young-Adult Fiction novel, Xenocide, and Xenocide.
The Fault in Our Stars was written by Richelle Mead. It's part of a series.
Sure, you might also enjoy Ansel Elgort. It's a great book.
Number Stars was written by John Scalzi. Do you like his work?
Lois Lowry also wrote Xenocide. Have you seen that one?
The Giver is a speculative fiction movie.
Christopher Bigsby is a writer and author. Do you like the author because it's a thriller?
Then you might also enjoy The Last Samurai or The Last Samurai.
Moonrise Kingdom is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Wes Anderson is a great writer. He also wrote Xenocide. Have you heard of it?
I don't have that information, but I do know that Meryl Streep also starred in a movie called X-Men 2.
Sure, I will add it now.
Yes, Pulp Fiction is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
Sure, Pulp Fiction was written by Roger Avary. It's a Thriller. It's a thriller.
Roger Avary also starred in X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
I don't have that information but I do know it was released in 2011.
Yes, I like Alison Doody. She's a great actress. Did you know she starred in X-Men 2?
She also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
You're welcome.
Yes, Lady Gaga is a great song by her. Do you like her music?
That's a great one. She's a great singer. She's a great singer. Did you know she was also a singer?
I don't have that information, but I do know that she is a singer and songwriter.
Sure, Colleen McCullough wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of a Woman. Have you read any of those?
The Thorn Birds was released in 2001 and The First Man in Rome was released in 2011.
The First Man in Rome was written by Colleen McCullough. It's also a drama.
Sure, Alison Doody starred in a lot of movies. She starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade was released in 2011.
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade also starred Robert Downey Jr.
You're welcome
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azk was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like Harry Potter books?
Have you read Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azk? It's a fantasy book.
You're welcome
Sure, Daphne du Maurier wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Beedle. Have you read those?
Rebecca was released in 2005.
Yes she was. She was also a writer.
Yes, Albert Brooks is a great author. He starred in The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it?
Yes, Martin Scorsese starred in Twilight Zone: The Muse. Martin Scorsese also starred in The Muse.
I haven't seen any of his movies, but if you like mobster movies, you might also enjoy The Hunger Games. Have you seen any of those?
You're very welcome!
Despicable Me 2 is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
Steve Carell also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
You're very welcome!
Wilson Rawls is a great author. He wrote The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby.
Susan Meissner wrote a series of books. She also wrote Xenocide and Xenocide. Have you read those?
You're welcome!
You're very welcome!
Sure, The Terminator is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, Jeff Goldblum also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
You're very welcome!
I don't know much about them, but I think they are a good team. Do you like them?
They lost to the Patriots in the XXXXVIII.
That's right! He's been on the Patriots for a while now.
John Lennon is a great actor. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that movie?
John Lennon also starred in X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
Sure, Ant-Man is a great movie. You might also like The Avengers, The Avengers, and The Avengers.
I'm sorry, I don't have any of them. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The Postman is a drama/adventure movie. Do you like that genre?
You're very welcome!
You're welcome!
Pearl Harbor was written by Stephen King. It's a Thriller.
Pearl Harbor is related to Pearl Harbor. Do you like dramas?
Yes, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like the Harry Potter series?
Yes, there is a sequel to Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by J.K. Rowling.
You're very welcome!
Isn't he a basketball player? Isn't he a point guard for the Chicago Bears?
He's a basketball player for the Golden State Warriors. He's a point guard for the Warriors.
Yes, he did star in that movie. He also starred in X-Men 2.
I have not seen Space Jam, but I haven't seen it yet.
Rebecca Skloot wrote The Secret History of a Young-adult fiction novel. Have you read it?
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is a Drama. Do you like Drama?
You're welcome
I don't know much about them, but I know they are owned by Wayne Weaver.
I'm not sure, but I know they are owned by the Denver Broncos. Do you like them?
I'm a huge fan of the Denver Broncos. I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan.
Robert Duvall starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Robert Duvall starred in The Apostle and Broken Trail. Have you seen either of those?
You're very welcome!
Yes, Shaun White is an athlete from the United States of America. Do you like basketball?
I'm not sure if he did, but Shaun White was a great athlete. I think he was a great athlete.
I don't know much about him, but I know he also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Total Recall is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Philip K. Dick also wrote X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Robert Downey Jr. and Robert Downey Jr. star in Adjustment Bureau.
You're very welcome!
Isn't he a quarterback for the Seattle Seahawks?
Yes, he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints.
No, I haven't seen Wildcats, but I haven't seen it yet.
Yes, Last Sacrifice is written by John Scalzi. Do you like his work?
Yes, it is a good one
Yes, she also wrote The Last Sacrifice. Have you read it?
You're welcome
Divergent is a speculative fiction book. Do you like speculative fiction?
The Hunger Games is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure! Do you like the very hungry caterpillar because it is a thriller or a thriller?
Yes he did. He also wrote The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby.
You might also enjoy The Great Gatsby or The Great Gatsby. Have you read those?
Yes. She also wrote Into the Wild which is a good one.
Yes, he also wrote Into the Wild. Have you read that one?
You're welcome.
Bruce Greenwood is a great actor. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Robert Downey Jr. also starred in Wild Orchid.
You're welcome.
Isn't Aaron Rodgers a quarterback for the Green Bay Packers?
I don't know, but he is a quarterback for the Green Bay Packers. Do you like him?
Mike McCarthy also plays for the Green Bay Packers.
Yes, she is a great tennis player. She was born in Sarajevo. Do you like tennis?
The Historian and The Swan Thieves are both written by Elizabeth Kostova.
Emile Zola wrote The Historian and The Swan Thieves. Have you read either of those?
You're welcome.
A Little Princess was written by John Scalzi. Would you like to know more about this book?
Yes, it was written by John Updike and is a children's literature.
Yes, Rabbit at Rest is the next in the Rabbit at Rest series.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about them, but I do know that they are owned by Wayne Weaver.
Jason Kidd's last team is the Dallas Cowboys. He's a great player.
I'm not a huge fan of Greek Freak, but I think it's a pretty good team.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by J.K. Rowling.
Yes he did. Wonder Boys was written by Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Yes, Linkin Park is a Thriller. Do you like those genres?
Sure, The Road is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Do you like Sci-Fi or Science Fiction?
Zoe's Tale was written by J.R. Tolkien.
He is a writer and a writer. He wrote a lot of science fiction books. He also wrote Apocalyptic fiction.
Yes, he does. He also wrote Xenocide which is a science fiction.
You're very welcome!
Yes, The Terminal is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
That Thing You Do is a great movie. Did you know Larry Crowne also stars Tom Hanks?
Yes, the Green Mile is similar to Larry Crowne.
You're very welcome!
Yes, she is a great actress. She starred in a lot of movies. She's also a writer and actress. Do you like her movies?
That's a good one. Did you know she was also a musician?
I haven't seen it, but I haven't seen it yet. It's a satire show.
Yes, it's a satire show. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it's a satire show. It's a satire.
Yes, he's a great athlete. He's a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks. Do you like him?
He's also a football player. He's also a player for the New England Patriots.
Yes, he was a woman. She was born in New York City.
She's a great singer. She's a great singer. Did you know she's also a singer?
Yes, she is a great singer. Did you know she was born in San Francisco?
Yes, I like Yellow Submarine. Did you know he was born in New York City? I like Yellow Submarine.
Go Ask Alice is written by Beatrice Sparks. Do you like her work?
Yes, it was released in the early 1070's.
Yes, it was released in 1971.
You're very welcome!
Ray Bradbury is a writer and a writer. Do you like his work?
Yes, The Illustrated Man is speculative fiction.
Yes, they are by Ray Bradbury. They're also speculative fiction.
You're very welcome!
You're welcome!
Sure, Seth Gordon directed The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it?
Freakonomics is starring Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks.
Yes, he plays for the Manchester United F.C.
I don't know much about soccer, but I know he plays for the Germany national football team.
Yes, she's married to the Spice Girl. She was born in Victoria.
Total Recall is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Sure, Arnold Schwarzenegger also starred in The Last Man and The Manchurian Candidate.
Robert Downey Jr. is also in True Lies.
Ella Enchanted is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like dramas?
Ella Enchanted is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. It is a drama.
Ella Enchanted is a Thriller
You're welcome
Sure, Irvin Kershner starred in The Secret Life of Beedle. Have you seen it?
The Return of a Man Called Horse is starring Robert Downey Jr.
William Lucking also starred in The Return of a Man Called Horse.
He also wrote Madame Bovary. Have you read it?
It was released in 2005.
Zoe's Tale was released in 2005.
Zoe's Tale is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
Law Abiding Citizen is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
Yes, he was in American Gangster
No, I haven't seen Love Ranch. Did you see it?
Heart of Darkness is written by John Scalzi. It's a speculative fiction novel.
Sure. The Portable Atheist was written by John Scalzi, who also wrote The Secret Agent. Would you like to know more?
Yes, it is in the audiobooks.
J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan. Have you read it?
The Boy Who Would Never Grow Up was released in 1904
The play was written by J.M. Barrie.
It was written in English. It was released in 1904.
You're welcome.
Sure! Emily Bronte wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Bees. Have you read any of those?
Wuthering Heights is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
I'll add them to your reading list.
Jeremy Tambling wrote David Copperfield and David Copperfield. Have you read them?
Charles Dickens also wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of the Living Dead. Have you read any of those?
You're very welcome!
Blood Promise is a Thriller. It was written by Stephen King. Do you like him?
Yes, it was written by John Scalzi and is a thriller.
Blood Promise is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, you might also enjoy The Last Man in the Water. It's a great book.
Stan Wawrinka is a tennis player that plays for the Germany national football team.
I don't know much about Venus Williams, but I do enjoy watching Venus Williams in the Olympics.
That's a great place to visit. It's a great place to visit.
Blake Griffin is a basketball player. He is a point guard for the Denver Broncos.
Yes, he plays for the Detroit Pistons.
I don't know much about him, but I know he is a basketball player.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like books by the same author?
The Magicians by Lev Grossman is a fantasy movie
You're welcome.
Yes, The Help was written by Rick Riordan. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, she won the Academy Award for Best Actress of the Year Award.
Viola Davis also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Sure, Joseph Kosinski directed The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Bees. Have you seen those?
Yes, he did direct State Fair. It's a great movie.
Yes, he did. He's a great actor. Did you know he was born in New York City?
You're very welcome!
Pat Conroy is a writer and author. Do you like his work because it's science fiction?
Yes. Pat Conroy wrote The Great Santini. Have you read it?
Flannery O'Conner wrote The Great Santini. It's a great book.
Wise Blood is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
You're welcome.
Yes, Carrie Henn starred in Aliens. Are you a fan?
Bill Paxton also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Tombstone also starred Tombstone. It's a great movie.
You're very welcome!
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Do you like her work?
Jane Austen wrote Pride and Prejudice. what else can i do for you today?
You're welcome
Simon Elkeles is a writer. He wrote The Last Crusade. Have you read it?
Simon Elkeles has written a number of books. She has written a number of books. She has written a number of books. She also wrote a number of books, including a series of books. Have you read any of them?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Paul Verhoeven is a writer and a director. He starred in Xenocide. Have you seen it?
Paul Verhoeven starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Total Recall was released in 2005 and is based on a novel.
You're very welcome!
Snow White and the Huntsman was written by John Scalzi. It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Kristen Stewart also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
Undertow is a Thriller. It was released in 2005.
Pat Healy and Robert Longstreet also star in the Twilight series. Have you seen it?
Yes, Shiri Appleby also starred in The Thirteenth Floor.
The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
The Golden Compass was written by Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
You're very welcome!
You're very welcome!
Collateral was directed by John Scalzi. Do you like his work?
Yes, he did write Public Enemies. Have you seen it?
Yes, I would recommend X-Men: Days of Future Past.
You're very welcome!
Total Recall is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Prometheus starred in Prometheus. Would you like to know more about this movie?
Sean Harris starred in Prometheus, which is a drama.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about them, but I do know that they are owned by Wayne Weaver.
That's a great year for them. They were in the World Series a while ago.
I like the Oakland A's myself. I like the Oakland A's.
The Equalizer is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
Chole Grace Moretz also starred in The Last Stand, The Last Crusade, and The Hunger Games.
I'm not sure, but I do know The Eye was released in 2005.
You're very welcome!
Yes, Ma Long is an American professional table tennis player from China. Do you like table tennis?
Yes, he is from China. He plays table tennis.
Yes, it does star Zhang Ziyi. Do you like him?
Guy Cardwell wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. Have you read those?
The Adventures of Tom Sawyer was written by Tom Sawyer. Would you like to know more about this book?
Mark Twain wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn. Would you like to read it?
Andy Hunt wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, which is a fiction book.
You're welcome!
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Do you like books written by Jane Austen?
Jane Austen is the most popular book in the world. She also wrote Pride and Prejudice. Have you read it?
Persuasion is a Romance novel.
Hunt for Red October is a Thriller. Do you like those genres?
Patriot Games has a genre of Thriller and Drama.
You're very welcome!
Ben Stiller starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Yes, Owen Wilson is hilarious in Zoolander. Did you know he also starred in X-Men 2?
Yes, he was in that movie as well.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Britney Spears is a great singer. Did you know she also starred in a movie called X-Men?
I didn't know that. I didn't know Kevin Federline was married to Kevin Federline.
Yes, I like Black Snake Moan. Have you seen it?
Sure, The Terminal is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Catch Me If You Can is written by Liisa Gargardner and released in 2012.
Yes, they are both funny and funny. The Terminal is a comedy.
You're welcome!
Sure, Steve McQueen directed X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
The Great Escape was released in 2001.
The Towering Inferno was directed by Steve McQueen. It was released in 1963.
You're very welcome!
Heart of Darkness is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Robert Downey Jr. is the author of that book.
Sure, I would recommend a few of his other books. Is there anything I can help you with?
Sure, do you like the movie because it's a drama or a drama?
I don't know, but I do know it was released in 2001.
Robert Downey Jr. wrote the movie
Yes, it was in the Adventure Genre
I hope you enjoy it!
Isn't he a midfielder for the Spain national football team?
Yes, he's a great player. He's also a teacher.
Yes, he's a great coach. I think he's a great coach.
Yes, Tom Hanks is the lead actor in The Fugitive. Have you seen it?
Tom Hanks also starred in The Fugitive. Have you seen it?
Sure, added to queue for tonight.
Stephen Chbosky directed a lot of movies. He also directed X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
The Perks of Being a Walflower was written by Stephen Chbosky.
Yes, Emma Watson was in that movie as well.
Yes, he also directed The Perks of Being a Walflower.
You're welcome.
Yes, Interview with the Vampire was written by Steven Spielberg. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Tom Cruise also starred in The Vampire Diary. Have you seen this one?
Andres Iniesta is a young-adult fiction novel written by Ernest Hemingway. Are you familiar with his work?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Tom Brady. Do you like them?
I don't know much about them, but they are owned by the Dallas Cowboys.
Yes, that was the year they won the World Series.
I'm not a huge fan of the world series. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Do you like The Devil Wears Prada because it is a Romance novel?
Aline Brosh McKenna is a great writer. She also wrote The Last Man and The Manchurian Candidate.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Patrick McGoohan starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Yes, that was a great movie. Did you know he starred in the movie?
The Legend of Zorro stars Robert Downey Jr. and John Scalzi.
Sure, William Friedkin directed The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, which is a thriller.
You're very welcome!
Yes, Pearl S Buck is a writer and a writer. She wrote The Great Gatsby. Have you read it?
Yes, it is a Romance. Do you like Romance?
Yes, it is in Black-and-White
You're welcome.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Tom Hanks.
I'm more of a basketball fan. I'm more of a basketball fan.
I'm not a huge fan of tennis, but I do enjoy watching the Olympics.
Jonathan Dayton is a director, director and director. Do you like him because it is a thriller?
He also directed Little Miss Sunshine. Have you seen it?
Yes, it stars Robert Downey Jr., and Robert Downey Jr.
Alan Arkin is a great movie. He also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Yes, Maria Sharapova is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Her current ranking is No. 1 in the WTA tour.
You're welcome!
David Oliver Relin is a writer and a writer. He wrote a lot of books. He was influenced by William Shakespeare. Have you read it?
Sure, Ralph Steadman is an American writer who wrote The Last Crusade. Have you read it?
Ralph Steadman also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
You're very welcome!
Ella Enchanted is a book written by Ella Enchanted. Do you like books written by her?
She also wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Bees. Have you read those?
Yes, it is a fantasy novel.
Tombs of Atuan was released in 2001 and is a fantasy novel.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Tom Brady. Do you like them?
I don't know much about him, but he did coach the Denver Broncos. Do you like them?
Yes, he was drafted by the Denver Broncos.
Isn't he a midfielder for the Uruguay national football team?
I don't know, but he's a forward for the Argentina national football team.
I don't know much about Manchester City F.C., but he's a great player.
Sure, do you like the author Jeff Kinney or the genre of the book?
Yes, The Ugly Truth is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedy?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Apocalypto is written by John Scalzi. It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Mel Gibson also wrote Apocalypto 2, which is a thriller.
It's a great movie. It was released in 2005. It's a Thriller and Drama.
You're very welcome!
Divergent is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Veronica Roth wrote Divergent. Would you like to know more about Divergent?
You're welcome.
Yes, she did. Allegiant is a Thriller.
PS, I Love You was written by John Scalzi. Do you like his work?
She also wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you read that one?
It's a romance novel.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
Yes, Golden Compass was written by Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Philip Pullman wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Have you seen it?
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Renny Harlin directed The Secret Life Aquatic. It was released in 1999.
Yes, Yvonne Zima starred in The Long Kiss Goodnight. Have you seen it?
Yes, Shane Black also starred in The Long Kiss Goodnight. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Isn't she a singer? I like Sia Furler.
Shakira is a great singer. She's a great singer. Do you like her?
That's a good one. Did you know that Ricky Martin also starred in a movie called X-Men?
Do you like Me Before You because it is a science fiction book?
Me Before You is a science fiction book. Do you like science fiction books?
Stand on Zabzibar is starring Robert Downey Jr.
Isn't she a tennis player? Isn't she a tennis player?
Yes, she is a great tennis player. I think she is a great athlete.
Yes, they are both amazing. I think they are both talented.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver.
Yes, he was a midfielder.
Yes, he was great in that movie. I think he was a great actor
Isn't he a football player?
I don't watch much football, but I do know he plays for Manchester United F.C.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Pat Conroy wrote The Secret History of a Young-adult fiction book called The Great Gatsby. Have you read it?
The Water is Wide is Science Fiction
Pat Conroy also wrote The Water's Edge
I hope you enjoy it
Sure, The Battle of the Labyrinth is a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy books?
Fear Nothing was written by John Scalzi. Would you like to read it?
It's a horror book. Do you like horror books?
You're very welcome!
Yes, I like it. It was written by John Scalzi. Do you like him?
Once Upon a Time in the West is written by John Scalzi. It's a great book.
Yes, it's a classic Spaghetti Western. It's a great movie. It's a great movie.
City of God is a Thriller starring Robert Downey Jr.. It's a Thriller.
Sure, you might enjoy The Princess Diaries. It's a drama.
The Manchurian Candidate is a Thriller. It was released in 1999.
Yes, the older version was released in 2005.
Do you like the movie because it's a thriller?
Yes, he is a singer-songwriter. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a DJ. He is a DJ.
I don't know much about Andy Murray's chances of being back at peak performance, but I do know he's a tennis player.
I like tennis but I don't know much about tennis but I do know he is a professional tennis player.
Victoria Azarenka is a great tennis player. She's a great tennis player.
Sure, Sylvia Day wrote The Secret Life and The Life and Life of Pi. Have you read those?
Seven Years to Sin is a fiction book
You are welcome
Rob Riggle starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen them?
Yes, she sings a lot of songs. She's a great singer. She's a great singer. She's also a singer.
She's from the UK. She's a great singer. She's also from the UK.
I like Sia Furler and Shakira. She's a great singer. Do you like her?
Yes, she did. She's a great Lyricist as well.
I don't know much about him, but I know he is a cricket player from India.
I don't know much about cricket, but I know he plays for the Mumbai Indians.
Yes, Hayden Panettiere was in that movie as well.
Bob Peck starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Bill Paxton also starred in Sense of Snow. Have you seen it?
No, I haven't seen that movie, but Kevin Costner starred in it as well.
Yes, it was released in 1989.
Do you like the Hobbitt: An Unexpected Journey because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
The Hobbitt: An Unexpected Journey is a fantasy movie. Would you like to hear about other fantasy movies?
Sure, The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones is a Thriller/Drama. It was released in 2005.
Yes, Kevin Zegers was in Zoom. It's a science fiction movie.
You're welcome.
Can You Keep a Secret was written by Sophie Kinsella and released in 2003.
Sophie Kinsella also wrote a book called Into the Wild. It was released in 2005
She is a great writer. She also wrote a book called Into the Wild. Have you read it?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
You're very welcome!
Isn't he a cricket player from India?
I don't know much about cricket, but I do know he plays for the India national cricket team.
I'm not much of a cricket fan, but I'm more of a cricket fan. I'm a big fan of the Patriots.
Sure, Gillian Flynnn wrote Sharp Objects and it was released in 2006 and is a mystery. Do you like that genre?
Gillian Flynn's other books include The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it is a new book.
Sure! Dominic Cooper starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Yes, it is a musical. Do you like musicals?
I'm not sure who else starred in Warcraft, but Meryl Streep starred in it.
You're welcome!
Yes, Anne-Marie is a singer. She is a singer. Do you like her music?
I don't know much about them, but I know they are owned by Tom Brady. Do you like them?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by the Chicago Cubs. They are owned by the Chicago Cubs.
No, I haven't, but I did enjoy the game at Candlestick Park.
I like Aaron Rodgers. He's a great quarterback.
I don't have that information, but I do know that it was released in 1999.
Louis Sachar is a writer and a film director. He wrote and starred in a lot of movies. Do you like his movies?
Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School novels, have you heard of them?
I don't have that information, but I do know Wayside School is in the genre of children's literature.
I don't know much about Phil Mickelson, but I think he is a great golfer. Do you like golf?
I don't know much about golf but Phil Mickelson is a great golfer. He won the 2010 Masters Tournament.
I'm not sure, but I heard it was a great movie.
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
H.G Wells wrote The Time Machine and The Invisible Man. Have you read those?
The Time Machine was released in 2005 and is a sci-fi book.
No, I have not seen Caddyshack, I haven't seen it yet, but it was released in 1968.
You're very welcome!
A Space Odyssey is starring Robert Downey Jr. and James Carey.
Yes, James Harden is a great actor. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks.
That's a good one. I'll have to check it out.
I don't know much about them, but I think they are a good team. Do you like the Yankees?
I don't know much about the team, but I do know they are owned by the Boston Red Sox and the Boston Red Sox
I don't have any information on baseball, but I do know that the Yankees are a team in the AFC West.
Psycho is written by John Scalzi. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Robert Bloch and Joseph Stefano starred in Psycho. Do you like thrillers?
Janet Leigh has been in a number of movies. He was also in The Last Man in the Water, which is a drama.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver. Do you like them?
I'm not sure, but Malcolm Glazer also owns the Tampa Bay Buccaneers
I'm not sure, but I do know that Lovie Smith and Greg Schiano both own the Buccaneers.
Rocky is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Sylvester Stallone also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
It's a Thriller. It's a Thriller.
You're very welcome!
Sure, Michael Crichton wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of the Living Dead. Have you read any of those?
The Great Train Robbery is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome!
I don't know, but I do know that Orlando Bloom is a great actor. He also starred in X-Men 2. Have you seen it?
Orlando Bloom also starred in a thriller called The Great Gatsby
He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past
Yes, Northanger Abbey is written by John Scalzi. Do you like his work?
Jane Austen is a young-adult fiction book. Do you like fiction books?
Sure, you might enjoy The Princess Diaries. It's a great book.
The Time Machine and The Invisible Man was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to read it?
Yes, Colin Trevorrow directed The Last Stand. Have you seen it?
Jurrasic World is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Cloverfield is a thriller starring Omar Sy. Do you like thrillers?
You're very welcome!
Eric Stoltz is a great actor. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
That's a great movie! It's a great movie. It's a great movie.
Yes, it is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by the Dallas Cowboys.
Jerry Jones also owns the Dallas Cowboys and the Dallas Cowboys.
I don't know much about them, but they are owned by Jerry Jones and Jerry Jones.
Irvin Kershner also directed X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
Yes, Sean Connery starred in Never Say Never Again. Have you seen it?
Yes, it was written by Gillian Flynn and released in 2009
Gillian Flynnn also wrote Mysteries. Have you read it?
Gillian Flynn is a great author. He also wrote The Last Stand and The Last Stand. Have you read those?
Yes, China Miéville is a great writer. He also wrote Xenocide. Have you read it?
Yes, she also wrote The Scar and Embassytown. Have you read it?
You're welcome.
Ravichandran Ashwin is a cricket player from India. Do you like cricket?
I don't know much about him, but he's a cricket player from India.
Yes, he's a great cricket player. He's from India.
No, I haven't seen a game live, but I've heard it's a great sport.
I'm more of a cricket fan. I'm a big fan of the Dallas Cowboys.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Tom Brady.
Looper is a comedy. Do you like dramas?
Warlock is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
Yes, it's a zombie movie. If you like zombie movies, you might also enjoy The Walking Dead.
That's a great movie. It's a great movie. If you like zombie films, you might also enjoy The Walking Dead.
The Great Gatsby is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Short Stories of F. Scott Fitzgerald is a great book. You might also like The Short Stories of F. Scott Fitzgerald.
Sure! Erich Maria Remarque wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of the Living Dead. Have you read those?
I'm Western nichts Neues was released in 2005 and is in English.
I'm not sure, but I'm Western nichts Neues is written in English.
You're very welcome!
I think she's a good tennis player. I think she's a great tennis player.
She's a tennis player. She's also won the World No. 1 in the World No. 1 in the world.
I don't know much about Williams sisters, but I do know that she is a tennis player from the United States of America.
I haven't heard much about it, but I haven't heard much about it. I'm a tennis fan.
That's a good one. I'm a huge fan of fashion. I'm a huge fan of hers.
I haven't seen it, but I haven't seen it. Is it a crime fiction movie?
Tennessee Williams starred in A Streetcar Named Desire.
Yes, he also wrote A Streetcar Named Desire. Have you seen it?
You're welcome
Sure, In the Woods is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Novel genre is Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
David Ayer is a writer and a writer. He wrote The Secret Life of Ayer. Have you read it?
David Ayer has been involved in a lot of films. He was also a producer and director. He was also a director. He was also a director.
Sure, Harsh Times is starring Tom Hanks and David Ayer.
Sure, he also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
You're welcome
I don't know much about them, but I know they are owned by Tom Brady. Do you like them?
The Vikings are 2nd in the NFC North. The Vikings are 2nd in the NFC North.
I don't know much about the Chiefs, but I do know they are owned by the Dallas Cowboys.
Andrew Garfield has starred in a number of movies. He was also in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Andrew Garfield starred in The Social Network and The Other Boleyn Girl
The Social Network is a drama/drama.
The Social Network was released in 2011.
The Social Network is a drama/drama film.
2010 was written by Andrew Garfield. It's a drama.
You're welcome!
Sure, Ang Lee directed X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Yes, she did. She also starred in The Ice Storm. Have you seen this movie?
Rick Moody also wrote The Ice Storm, which is a thriller.
Brisingr is written by J.R. Tolkien. It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, it is a Young-adult fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
You're very welcome!
Throne of Glass was written by Sarah J Maas. Do you like her work?
Yes, The Assassin's Blade was released in 2011.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion.
Yes, she did write Persuasion, which was released in 1817.
No, I haven't read that one, but I think it was released in 1817.
I know that Saina Nehwal is a tennis player from India.
I don't know any other players like Saina Nehwal, but she played in the 2010 Commonwealth Games.
I don't have that information, but I do know that Saina Nehwal was from India.
Sure, Blink: The Power of Thinking Without Thinking is a book similar to Blink: The Power of Thinking Without Thinking.
Martin McDonagh is a director, director and director. He also directed The Last Stand. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was a scientist and a scientist. Do you like science fiction?
Yes, he did. He also directed the movie X-Men 2.
Robin Williams starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
You might also enjoy The Princess Diaries. Have you seen that one?
We Bought A Zoo is starring Robert Downey Jr., who also starred in the movie.
Sure, add it to your watch list.
Yes, Homer is written by John Scalzi. Do you like his work?
The Iliad and The Odyssey are both great examples of Epic Poetry. Do you like those genres?
Yes, they are both great works. Do you like them?
I like the Seattle Seahawks, but I don't know much about them. Do you like the Seahawks?
I don't know much about the Giants, but I do know they are owned by the Seattle Seahawks.
I'm not sure, but they did win the Super Bowl XLVII.
The Proposal was written by John Scalzi. It's a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sandra Bullock starred in The Proposal and The Proposal.
Oceans 8, The Blind Side and Gravity are a couple of her most popular movies.
Sure, Tom Clancy wrote The Secret History of a Young-adult fiction book called The Little Prince. Have you read that one yet?
Dead or Alive is a new book released in 2011.
That's right. Tom Clancy also wrote Dead and Alive.
They're owned by Wayne Weaver. They are owned by Wayne Weaver. Do you like them?
Mike Woodson owns the New York Knicks
They are part of the New York Knicks.
You're welcome
In Bruges is starring Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks. Do you like thrillers?
Sure! Colin Farrell starred in a few of his movies. He also starred in The Expendables. Have you seen that one?
Seven Psychopaths is a great one. You might also enjoy The Last Stand or The Last Stand. Both are great movies!
You're very welcome!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by the Denver Broncos.
John Fox is one of the main players in the American Football Conference West division.
Yes, Fast Five is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
Yes, I like Triller. Did you know he also starred in X-Men 2?
Matt Schulza is a great actor. Did you know he also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past?
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Have you seen The Hunger Games? It was written by Michael Grant
Yes, it is based on the book.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
You're very welcome!
Yes, Jordan Spieth is a golfer from Dallas, Texas.
Yes, he is from Dallas. He was born in Dallas.
Yes, it's a Major League Soccer team in Dallas.
Yes, she's a great actress. She's been in a lot of movies. She's been in a lot of movies. She's also starred in a lot of movies. She's a great actress.
Yea, she's a great poet. She's also a writer. She's also a writer.
Yea, I didn't know when it came out. It's a great book.
Of course! I hope you enjoy them!
Henry Gifford wrote на и мир. Have you read it?
James Franco is a great actor. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
This is the End is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like dramas?
This is the End is a drama/drama film.
You're very welcome!
You're welcome.
Isn't he a soccer player? I don't know much about him.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a midfielder for the Chile national football team.
I haven't seen that movie, but I think it's a good movie.
That's a great movie. Did you know he also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past?
The Sea of Monsters was written by Steven Spielberg. It is a speculative fiction book.
Rick Riordan also wrote Vespers Rising. Have you read it?
Yes, Titan's Curse is Young Adult
Sure, Mary Ann Shaffer starred in Xenocide which is a drama. Have you seen it?
Denie Juliet is a book written by Mary Ann Shaffer
Mary Ann Shaffer wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society
Isn't he a basketball player? He's a point guard for the Miami Heat.
Sure, Ray Bradbury wrote The Secret History of a Young-adult fiction book called The Little Prince. Have you read it?
Yes, Fahrenheit 451 is written by Ray Bradbury
The Bradbury Chronicles was released in 2005
You're welcome
Isn't he a midfielder for the Chile national football team?
Yes, Jordan Spieth is a golfer from Dallas. Do you like golf?
Happy Gilmore is a great movie. Did you know he also starred in X-Men Origins?
I like Rob Schneider in Grown Ups. He also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Yes, she was in Frida.
Joe Morton is a great actor. He starred in a lot of movies. He also starred in X-Men: Apocalyptic fiction.
Sure, you might also like The Last Man in the Water. It's a great movie.
Total Recall is a great action movie. Do you like action movies?
You're very welcome!
I know that Saina Nehwal is a tennis player from India.
Yes, he did compete in the 2012 Olympics.
Yes, he is from Hisar.
Sure, do you like Thor because it's a thriller?
Iron Man is a sci-fi movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, Robert Downey Jr. is a great actor. He starred in The Avengers and The Avengers. Have you seen those?
If you like adventure movies, you might also enjoy The Avengers, The Avengers, The Avengers, and The Avengers.
Eric Brees is a writer and a writer. He wrote a lot of books. He was influenced by John Scalzi. Have you read it?
Yes, The Butterfly Effect is a thriller and The Final Destination 2 is a thriller.
The Butterfly Effect is a thriller film directed by Eric Brees. It was released in 2005.
Sure, he also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Yes, October Sky is a Thriller. It is a Thriller/Drama.
You're very welcome!
Yes, I like Britney Spears. She's a great singer. Did you know she was born in New York City?
Pauly Shore is Dead also starred Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks.
You're very welcome!
Sure, Frank Miller directed The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it?
Pencil 300 is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure, 300 stars Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks. It's a great movie.
Sure, 300 starred Vincent Regan and Michael Fassbender. It's a fantasy film.
Yes, I do. Kill Bill is a great Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Robert Downey Jr. and Robert Downey Jr. star in it.
Sure, Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion. Have you read it?
Yes, Jane Austen also wrote Persuasion.
Yes, it's a great movie. It's a great movie.
Yes, Clockwork Angel is written by Christopher Nolan and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Cassandra Clare has written a number of books. She also wrote Xenocide and Xenocide.
Mortal Instruments is a science fiction movie.
Robert Downey Jr. starred in Mission: Impossible - Rogue Nation.
Yes, he was in Days of Thunder.
Tom Cruise also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
You're very welcome!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by the Dallas Cowboys.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like them?
I'm a Niners fan. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. What about you?
Sure! Do you like books written by J.K. Rowling?
Jodi Picoult also wrote Where There's Smoke. Have you read it?
Yes, it's a great book. I think you might enjoy it if you like Crime Fiction.
Yes, he plays for the Germany national football team. Do you like soccer?
I don't know much about soccer but I do know he plays for the Germany national football team.
That's a great one. I think it's a great family movie.
Libba Bray is a writer and a writer. She wrote The Secret Life and Life of Pi. Have you heard of those?
The Sweet Far Thing has genre Young-adult fiction. Do you like those genres?
Sure! The Sweet Far Thing is part of a series of fantasy books. The Diviners is part of a series of books in the fantasy genre.
Isn't he a soccer player from Milan Kundera?
I don't know, but Milan Kundera is a writer and playwright.
You're welcome.
Isn't he a quarterback for the Seattle Seahawks?
Drew Brees is also a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints.
You're very welcome!
Yes, she is a professional golfer from Honolulu. She was born in Honolulu.
Michelle Sung is an American professional golfer from Honolulu. She is from Honolulu.
Yes, she won the U.S. Women's Open in 2005.
Yes, Mike Starr starred in the movie The Last Crusade. Have you seen it?
The Bodyguard also starred Robert Downey Jr.
I don't have that information, but it was released in 2005.
You're very welcome!
Isn't he a singer-songwriter?
Yes, he won the MTV Music Award for Best Choreography.
I don't know, but I do know he is married to Justin Timberlake.
Monsters Inc is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Then you might also enjoy the Walt Disney movie, X-Men 2 or The Last Jedi.
You might also enjoy The Princess Diaries. It's a fantasy movie.
Yes, Jojo Moyes wrote The Secret History of a Young-adult fiction book. Have you read it?
The Ship of Brides is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're very welcome!
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
No, I haven't read that one. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'll add it to your reading list.
Isn't Rafael Nadal a tennis player?
Roger Federer is a great tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Yes, he did lose against Marat Safin.
You're welcome!
Sure, Arthur Conan Doyle wrote The Secret History of a Young-adult fiction book called The Little Prince. Have you read it?
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was released in 1999.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Philip Pullman is a great author. Do you like his work because it is a science fiction?
Then you might also enjoy The Secret Life of Beedle starring Robert Downey Jr..
You're welcome.
I haven't read it, but I do know it was written by Christopher Nolan.
She also wrote The Insurgent. Have you read it?
Free Four: Tobias Tells Tells the Son Son is a novel released in 2001.
You're welcome.
Yes, I love her music. She's a great singer. She's a great singer. She's a great singer. Do you like her music?
She's a great singer. She's been in a lot of songs. She's been in a lot of movies. She's a lot of songs. She's a lot of songs. She's a lot of songs. She's a lot of songs. She's a lot of songs. She's a lot of songs. She's a lot of songs.
Yes she did. She also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Thor is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi?
Sure, Chris Hemsworth also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
You're very welcome!
Sure, Jodi Picoult wrote The Secret Life of Pioult. Have you read that one?
Jodi Picoult also wrote Where There's Smoke. Would you like to know more?
It is a Fictional novel. Do you like Fictional novels?
Isn't he a soccer player from Brazil?
Yes, I like the Premier League. Do you like soccer?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like them?
I don't know much about the Cleveland Browns but I do know they are owned by Tom Brady. Do you like them?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a coach for the New England Patriots.
Yes, he is a good coach for the Cleveland Browns. I think he's a good coach.
Sure, Peter Weir directed The Last Stand which is a thriller. Have you seen it?
Yes, Peter Weir starred in Witness. It is a Thriller.
Isn't she a singer-songwriter?
Yes, she is a great singer.
Yes, it's a great book. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, there is a movie called Xenocide which is also a drama.
Yes, Xenocide is written by Lois Lowry and is a Speculative fiction.
You're very welcome!
You're very welcome!
Yes, Rosemary Wells is a writer and a writer. She wrote The Secret Life and Life of Pi. Do you like her work?
Yes, it was. It was released in 2005.
You're welcome!
Bradly Cooper starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
He also starred in the X-Men series. Have you seen that one?
Sure, Submarine is a Thriller, starring Bradly Cooper. It's a comedy.
Harrison Ford also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
You're very welcome!
Sure! Do you like books by the same author or do you like books by the same author?
Douglas Adams has written many great books. He also wrote The Secret History of a Thousand Splendid Suns and The Secret Life of a Thousand Splendid Suns.
The Restaurant at the End of the Universe is a novel written by Douglas Adams. It's part of a series.
The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul is a science fiction book that was released in 1980.
You're very welcome!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are a great band. They are a great band.
Yes, they are very popular bands in the K-pop genre. Do you like them?
I'm not a big fan of the band, but I have a lot of friends. I'm a big fan of theirs.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Tom Brady. Do you like them?
Yes, he was a linebacker for the Baltimore Ravens. Did you know Ray Lewis was born in Baltimore?
I don't follow sports, but I'm a big fan of the Dallas Cowboys. What about you?
Sure! Do you like TRON because it's a thriller?
TRON: Legacy is a sci-fi action film. Do you like sci-fi movies?
You're very welcome!
Sure! L.A. Confidential is a science fiction movie written by J.R. Tolkien. Do you like science fiction movies?
Sure, you might also like the movie X-Men Origins: Apocalypse.
You're very welcome!
Yes, Taxi Driver is starring Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks. Are you a fan?
Yes, he is a great actor. He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
The Manchurian Candidate is starring Denzel Washington and Denzel Washington.
You're very welcome!
Djimon Hounsou starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Yes, it is starring Rufus Sewell. He also starred in X-Men 2.
Yes, I love Emilia Fox too. She also starred in The Last Man and The Manchurian Candidate.
Yes, The Pianist is a great movie starring Emilia Fox
You're welcome.
Isn't she a tennis player? I don't know much about her. Is she a tennis player?
No, I didn't know that, but I did know that Serena Williams is a tennis player.
Yes, she was in American Gangster and Smokin' Aces.
I don't know much about Palm Beach, but I do know she was born in Palm Beach.
Yes, Neil Burger directed The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it?
Interview With Assassin is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Illusionist and Interview With the Assassin are both directed by Neil Burger. Do you like suspense films?
You're very welcome!
Yes, The Fault in Our Stars is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
Do you like Sci-Fi or Drama?
It was written by Rick Riordan. It's a great book.
Can I help you with anything else?
Sure, do you like her work because it was written by Becca Fitzpatrick or because it was a musical composition?
Broken Silence was released in 2011.
You're very welcome!
Pandemonium was written by Lauren Oliver and released in 2012 and is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Pandemonium is a speculative fiction. Do you like those genres?
The Monkey House was written by J.K. Rowling.
You're very welcome!
Yes, I love her music. She's a great singer. Do you like her music?
That's right. She's been in a lot of movies. She's been in a lot of movies. She's been in a lot of movies. She's been in a lot of movies. She's been in a lot of movies.
Yes she did. She also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
She's a great actress. She's also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Yes, that was a great movie. It's a great movie. Did you see it?
Burn After Reading is starring Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, it was released in 2011.
You're very welcome!
It was written by Henning Koch and released in 2012
Yes, it is in English.
Henning Koch also wrote a book called The Manchurian Candidate, which was released in 2012.
Sure, James Patterson has written a number of crime fiction books. Do you like those genres?
Zoo is a crime fiction book written by James Patterson. Do you like crime fiction?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on anything from Agatha Christie.
Do you like Forrest Gump because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Tom Hanks also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Robert Downey Jr. directed Cast Away. Have you seen it?
You're very welcome!
Sure, Darren Aronofsky directed The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it?
The Wrestler stars Evan Rachel Wood and Evan Rachel Wood
Requiem of a Dreams also starred Mickey Rourke
Francis Ford Coppola directed The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby. Have you seen those?
Apocalypse Now stars Robert Downey Jr. and Robert Downey Jr..
Sure, Apocalypse Now has a genre of Comedy, Comedy, and Comedy.
Mr and Mrs. Smith is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It's a drama. Do you like dramas?
Then you might also like the movie X-Men: Days of Future Past, X-Men: Apocalyptic fiction.
You're very welcome!
Yes, Hayley Atwell is a writer and a writer. She wrote The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby.
Eddie Redmayne also starred in The Pillars of the Earth. Have you seen it?
The Pillars of the Earth is a drama. Do you like drama?
I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver.
I don't know much about the Patriots, but I do know they are owned by Tom Brady. Do you like them?
Yes, he's a great coach. I think he's a good coach.
Mad Max Fury is starring Robert Downey Jr.
Yes, he also starred in The Brave One. Have you seen it?
Yes, Aquaman is from the United States of America.
Yes, Zoe Kravitz also starred in The Brave One which is a drama.
You're welcome.
Sure, E Lockhart wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Bees. Have you read those?
It was released in 2005.
Yes, you might also like The Last Man in the Woods and The Manchurian Candidate.
You're very welcome!
Seven Pounds is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure! Do you like books written by J.R. Tolkien?
Yes, it's a thriller. Didier Van Cauwelaert also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Yes, it's a foreign film. It's also a thriller.
Ok, I'll add it now. Enjoy!
Isn't he a football player?
Yes, he's a Midfielder. He's also a forward.
Yes, he is from Wales.
Sia Furler is a singer-songwriter and songwriter. She starred in a lot of movies. Do you like her work?
I love her music. She's a great singer. She's a great singer. She's been in a lot of movies.
She's a great singer. She's a great singer. She's a great singer.
Yes, Misery is written by J.R. Tolkien. It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
No, I haven't seen it, but I haven't seen it yet. It's a great movie.
Yes, I like Anthony Hopkins. He also starred in X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
Emily Griffin is a writer and a writer. She was born in New York City. Do you like her work?
Where we Belong was released in 2012.
Joe Cocker starred in Where we Belong and Something Borrowed. Joe Cocker also starred in it.
You're welcome!
Kazuo Ishiguro has written a number of books. He has written a number of books, including The Last Crusade and The Last Crusade. Have you read those?
Kazuo Ishiguro also wrote When We Were Orphans.
Yes, Zoe's Tale is similar to Zoe's Tale.
You're very welcome!
Robert Lewandowski is a soccer player. He plays for the Poland national football team.
Robert Lewandowski plays for Poland national football team
Mr. Robert Lewandowski was born in Poland
Kiera Cass wrote The Secret History of a Young-adult fiction novel. Have you read it?
Sure, The Selection is a book written by Kiera Cass. It was released in 2001. It's a great book.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
You're very welcome!
Do you like X-Men because it's a Sci-Fi movie?
If you like Action movies, you might also enjoy The Avengers or The Avengers. Have you seen those?
XXX is starring Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks.
Yes, XXX is a great movie. It was released in 2011.
Sure, Gone Girl is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, she did write "Sharp Objects" and "Rogues".
You're very welcome!
Do you like it because it's a thriller?
Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil is written by John Scalzi. It's part of a series.
Yes, Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil is Fiction.
The Tipping Point is a speculative fiction book written by Stephen King. It is a speculative fiction book.
Malcolm Gladwell also wrote Blink: The Power of Thinking Without Thinking, which is a self-help book.
Yes, Malcolm Gladwell also has a series of books. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're very welcome!
Sure, Doug Liman directed The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it?
Fair Game is a Sci-Fi movie.
Wilde is a great action film
Fair Game is written by Valerie Plame
He directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest and Man on the Moon. Have you seen those?
Yes, Danny DeVito also directed Amadeus
Sure, adding it to your list.
Sure! Do you like the book because it was written by C.S. Lewis or because it is a drama?
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader was written by John Scalzi and is a fantasy novel.
The Silver Chair was released in 2005 and is a fantasy novel.
You're very welcome!
I don't know much about him, but I know he is a cricket player from India. Do you like cricket?
I don't know much about cricket, but I know he plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
No, I haven't heard of him. I think he's a great cricket player.
Adam Levine is a singer-songwriter and songwriter. He was born in New York City. Do you like him?
Yes, he has starred in a lot of movies. He also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
He has starred in a lot of movies. He was born in Los Angeles, California. Have you seen any of his movies?
A Million Little Pieces was written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King books?
Sure, James Frey also wrote A Million Little Pieces. It's a fiction book.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Michael Crichton is a writer. He wrote a book called The Great Gatsby. Have you read it?
Andrew Hunt has written a number of books. He has written a lot of books. He also wrote Xenocide and Xenocide
Andrew Hunt wrote A Killing in Zion
You're welcome!
Isn't he a soccer player? I don't know much about him.
I'm a huge fan of football, but I don't know much about soccer. I'm more of a football fan.
I'm not a big fan of basketball, but I do enjoy basketball.
Ken Kesey wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Pi. Have you read any of those?
Ken Kesey wrote "Go Further" with a cast including Woody Harrelson.
Sometimes a Great Notion is written by Ken Kesey. Ken Kesey is also a writer.
Sure, I'll add it now.
Paulo Coelho is a writer. He wrote The Last Samurai. Do you like his work?
El Aleph is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like those genres?
It's a science fiction book.
You're very welcome!
Yes, G.O.T Tom Brady is an American professional footballer who plays for the New England Patriots. Do you like football?
Stuck on You also starred Tom Brady, who is a great actor. Do you like him?
Eva Mendes also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
American Sniper is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Bradley Cooper is a great actor. He also starred in X-Men: Apocalyptic War.
Yes, it's a drama. Do you like dramas?
You're very welcome!
Yes, Martin Scorsese is a great actor. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
Yes, I like Gangs of New York. Did you know it was written by Robert De Niro?
Yes, Step Brothers is a great movie. Have you seen it? It's a great movie.
You might also like The Funny Side. It's a comedy.
It's a comedy. It's a comedy. It's also a comedy.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it is a comedy.
You're welcome.
Yes, Toy Story 2 is written by John Scalzi. Do you like his work?
Yes, Tom Hanks is a great actor. He also starred in Toy Story 2. Have you seen it?
Tom Hanks has produced a number of comedies. He also produced a film called The Last Stand. Have you seen it?
Larry Crowne is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like Romantic Comedy?
Yes, it is a great comedy. You should check it out! It's a great movie.
You're very welcome!
Do you like Star Wars: Episode I - The Phantom Menace because it is a sci-fi movie?
Liam Neeson also starred in Star Wars: Episode I - The Phantom Menace starring Liam Neeson. Have you seen it?
The Lord of the Rings is starring Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks.
I hope you enjoy it!
I don't know much about the Cleveland Browns but I do know they are owned by the Dallas Cowboys.
I don't know much of their head coach, but I do know they won the NFL Championship in 1964.
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like them?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by the Boston Red Sox. Do you like them?
Yes, he is from Monmouth Beach.
I'm not much of a fan of New Jersey. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I didn't see her in The Doors. She's a great actress.
John Seelye wrote A Princess of Mars and A Princess of Mars.
Yes, Mark Twain did write both books.
You're very welcome!
Do you like it because it's a Sci-Fi movie?
Do you like the movie because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
You're welcome!
Do you like Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone because it's a thriller?
Stephen Spielberg starred in Goonies. Do you like his movies?
I think Nicki Minaj is one of the best rappers of all time.
Yes, she did. She was also a singer and songwriter.
No, I didn't know that. She was also a singer and songwriter.
Yes, The Namesake is written by John Scalzi. Do you like his work?
Yes, Unaccustomed Earth is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
Yes, I like thrillers. Do you like thrillers?
Do you like Dr. Seuss because it is a science fiction book?
Theodore Lesieg wrote Theodore Lesieg and Theodore Lesieg.
I don't have that information
The Lorax is a great book. Have you read it?
Sure, enjoy!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver.
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. What about you?
Have you read Never Let Me Go? It's a book written by John Scalzi.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he has made a movie called When We Were Orphans and The Buried Giant.
You're very welcome!
Ruben Fleischer wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Bees. Have you heard of those?
It was released in 2005
I'm not sure, but I can tell you it was released in 2006
You're welcome
Yes, Luftslottet som sprängdes was written by Stieg Larsson and released in 2007.
Stieg Larsson wrote Män som hatar kvinnor. Have you read it?
I'm not sure, but I do know he also wrote Luftslottet som slottet som sprangdes.
Sure, Akira Kurosawa directed The Secret Life of Akira Kurosawa. Have you seen it?
Yojimbo is a sci-fi film. It was directed by Akira Kurosawa
Toshiro Mifuni is a great movie. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're very welcome!
Do you like Oldboy because it's a crime fiction?
Confessions is a Thriller. what else can i do for you today?
Confessions is a comedy film. Anything else I can help you with?
you are welcome
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Tom Brady. Do you like them?
I like the Dallas Cowboys and the Dallas Cowboys.
That's a great team. I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan.
Yes, Michael Jackson is a great singer. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he was in Men in Black II. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was also in a movie called X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
Scream is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Great! Max Brooks also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
Brad Pitt is a great actor. Brad Pitt also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by the Boston Red Sox.
I'm not a fan of the Baltimore Orioles. I'm a Red Sox fan myself.
They have a lot of players in the AFC West. They have a good season.
Sure, Timur Bekmambetov directed The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby. Have you seen those?
Sure, it was directed by Timur Bekmambetov. It is a Thriller. Do you like those genres?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Bryan Singer directed The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it?
Yes, Hugh Jackman starred in the X-Men 2 and the X-Men 2
Yes, he wrote Van Helsing. Have you seen it?
Sure, Douglas Adams is a writer and a politician. He starred in a lot of movies. He was also a writer and a politician.
Sure, it was released in 1986.
Sure, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Series was released in 2005.
You're welcome!
Sure, The Godfather is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Francis Ford Coppola also wrote The Godfather. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Marlon Brando starred in Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Marlon Brando starred in Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that one?
That's a great movie! Did you know that Marlon Brando was also in The Godfather II?
Have you seen Apocalypse Now? It's a classic.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Tom Brady. Do you like them?
I don't know much about Jim Thorpe, but I do know he is a quarterback for the Packers.
I don't know too much about Pittsburgh, but I do know he was born in Pittsburgh.
I don't know much about them, but I think they are doing good this year. Do you like the Bears?
I'm not sure, but I think they are doing good this year.
I don't know much about college, but I do like college football.
Sure! 500 Days of Summer is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Thrillers?
Beautiful Creatures is a romantic drama. Do you like romantic dramas?
Sure! You Again or Yesterday was a Lie was written by John Scalzi. It's a great movie.
The Namesake is written by John Scalzi. Do you like his work?
The Namesake is a book similar to The Namesake. Would you like to read it?
Sure, Xenocide was written by John Scalzi. It's a fantasy novel.
Yes, I'll add it now.
Sure, Thomas F. Wilson starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Robert Downey Jr. starred in Born to Be Wild. Have you seen it?
You're very welcome!
I don't know much about Blake Shelton, but I know he is a singer and songwriter. Do you like him?
I don't know, but I know he was born in Nashville and is a singer.
I don't know, but I do know he was born in Nashville.
Sure, Sara Shepard wrote The Secret Life and The Life Aquatic. Have you read either of those?
Yes, there was a TV series called Pretty Little Liars, which was also made to a movie.
I don't have that information, but I do have a series of horror,comedy,animation, and mystery genre.
You're very welcome!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver. Do you like them?
I don't know much about American football, but I'm a big fan of the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
I don't know much about college football, but I do know that it's a pretty good team.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver.
I think Mike Tomlin is the coach for the Pittsburgh Steelers. He's a great coach.
I don't know much about them, but I do know that they are owned by the Dallas Cowboys.
Yes, Ridley Scott is a writer and a writer. He wrote and starred in a lot of movies. Are you familiar with his work?
Robert Downey Jr. starred in that movie as well.
I hope you enjoy it!
You're very welcome!
Laura Esquivel is a writer and a writer. She wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Pi. Have you read those?
Yes, it was released in 1989
Mary Higgins Clark did a great job in that movie.
You're welcome!
The Memory Keeper's Daughter is written by Kim Edwards and released in 2005.
Kim Edwards is an author who wrote The Memory Keeper's Daughter. Have you read it?
You're welcome.
William Landay wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Pi. Have you read any of those?
Yes, it's a great movie.
2012 is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Agatha Christie is a writer and author. Are you familiar with her work?
It was released in 2005
You're welcome
Yes, Romeo and Juliet is a Romance novel written by William Shakespeare. Do you like Romance novels?
Sure, it was written by William Shakespeare. It's a fantasy novel. It's part of a series of books.
You're very welcome!
He directed The Imitation Game and Headhunters. Have you seen those?
Imitation Game is starring Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks
You're very welcome!
Sure, it was written by Khaled Hosseini and released in 2012.
Khaled Hosseini also wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of the Lambs.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Damien Chazelle is a basketball player. He's a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks.
He is a great actor. He starred in the movie X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it was released in 2005 and is a thriller.
You're welcome.
Great, I hope you enjoy it
Yes, Connie Nielsen starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
It's a drama/drama. It was released in 2005.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
Shaun White is a writer and a politician. He was born in New York City. He was also a politician.
Friends with Benefits was written by Shaun White. It's a comedy.
Yes, Mila Kunis also starred in That 70s show
I haven't read it, but I haven't read it. Is it a science fiction book?
Monkey House is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
To Kill A Mockingbird is written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King books?
To Kill a Mockingbird is a drama. Do you like dramas?
You're very welcome!
Sure! Last Lecture was written by John Scalzi and is a Speculative fiction book.
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Last Lecture.
I'll add it now.
Sure, Jonathan Levine directed The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it?
Wackness is a drama. Do you like dramas?
The Wackness is starring Robert Downey Jr. as well.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Treasure Island is written by Steven Spielberg. Do you like his work?
Robert Louis Stevenson also wrote Treasure Island. Have you read that one?
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was released in 1882.
Treasure Island was released in 1882. Would you like to read it?
Sure! Roman Polanski directed a lot of movies. He also directed X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Sure! Roman Polanski starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Chinatown was released in 2005
Sure, The Hunger Games series is a series of books similar to The Hunger Games series. Do you like books by the same author?
Jack London starred in The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby. Have you seen those?
Yes, White Fang was made into a movie. It's a great movie.
You're welcome.
Yes, Donnie Darko is a great movie. Do you like it because it is a thriller?
Seth Rogan also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Yes, he was in that as well. He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Judd Apatow also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Shadow and Lies was released in 2011.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley wrote Frankenstein, The Modern Prometheus, and Frankenstein.
Frankenstein is a Romance novel.
I'm not sure, but it's a Romance novel. Do you like Romance?
You're very welcome!
Fight Club is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Robert Downey Jr. starred in Fight Club.
You're very welcome!
A.W. Wheen wrote Im Westen nichts Neues and Im Westen nichts Neues.
Erich Maria Remarque was a translator and a translator. He was also a translator.
You're welcome.
Yes, Edward Zwick directed the movie The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. Denzel Washington also starred in The Siege.
He also starred in The Last Samurai. Have you seen it?
Yes, Snoop Dogg was also in the Preacher's WIfe.
Yes, he was in Volcano High.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver.
I don't know much about baseball, but I do know that Fred Wilpon is from Brooklyn.
I'm not a huge fan of baseball but I like the Dodgers and the Dodgers.
Sure, Stephen J. Dubner wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Bees. Have you read those?
Patriotic Prostitutes was released in 2005, and it was released in 2005.
I don't have that information but I can tell you it was written by Stephen J. Dubner.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sergio Leone is a Brazilian professional footballer. He was born in Santo Leone.
Yes he did. Eli Wallach also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
Yes, he also starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
Yes, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly are both in the genre of A Few Dollars.
Sure, I'll add it to your list.
You're very welcome!
Yes, Kurt Vonnegut Jr. wrote The Secret Life and Life of Pi. Have you read any of those?
I don't know any other books, but I do know that Kurt Vonnegut Jr. wrote The Monkey House
I'm sorry, I don't have any other books in that genre.
Sure, Clint Eastwood has directed a number of movies. He also directed X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Million Dollar Baby was starred by Clint Eastwood. Do you like dramas?
Yes, Morgan Freeman also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Do you like Djimon Hounsou because it is a thriller?
I'm not sure, but I do know it was released in 2005.
The movie starred Robert Downey Jr., and the movie was released in 2011.
Brad Garrett starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Underdog is a science fiction film starring Brad Garrett. It was released in 2005.
Jay Leno also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
I think the Philadelphia Eagles are a good team. Do you like them?
I don't know much about Philadelphia Eagles, but I do know that they are owned by John Green.
I like the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like them?
I like the Patriots and the Patriots.
Sure! Ara Celi starred in American Beauty. Have you seen it?
Sam Mendes also starred in American Beauty, which is a drama film.
Yes, it is a drama film.
The Incredible Hulk is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
The Incredible Hulk is a great Sci-Fi movie. You might also like The Incredible Hulk. It's a Sci-Fi movie.
Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea was released in 2005.
You're very welcome!
Sure! Do you like Die Hard because it's a thriller?
Yes, it is a thriller. Do you like those types of movies?
Sure! Do you like World War Z because it is a war film?
Brad Pitt also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
You're welcome!
Yes, Peter Krause starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Yes, she was in We Don't Live Here Anymore. She also starred in The Truman Show and The Truman Show.
She also starred in The Truman Show and The Truman Show. Have you seen those?
Yes, X-Men Origins is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
Yes, Ryan Reynolds also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. It is a thriller.
Ryan Reynolds is starring in The Change-Up which is a Thriller. It is a great movie.
You're very welcome!
Louis Leterrier directed The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it?
Transporter is starring Robert Downey Jr. and Chris Hemsworth.
He also starred in A Girl Cut in Two and The Incredible Hulk.
Good Will Hunting is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Buffy the Vampire Slayer is starring Robert Downey Jr. as well.
Yes, it is written by Ben Affleck.
Yes, The Town is a horror movie.
You're very welcome!
Sure, it was written by Robert Downey Jr. and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Madame Bovary is a speculative fiction novel. It was released in 2005.
It was released in 1856.
I don't have that information, but it was released in 1856.
Sure. You might also enjoy Xenocide, Xenocide, and Xenocide.
You're welcome.
Collateral is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like his acting?
Sure, Eyes Wide Shut is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Tom Cruise starred in a lot of movies. He also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Days of Thunder was released in 1999.
You're welcome!
Bruce Willis is a great actor. Do you like Bruce Willis because it's a thriller?
Bruce Willis is a great actor. He also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Sure, if you like action movies, you might also enjoy The Great Gatsby. Have you seen that one?
I hope you enjoy it!
I know he is a singer-songwriter and a musician. He was born in New York City.
Yes, he is a composer and composer
I don't know much about Panic, but I do know he is a composer from the United States.
Sure! Leonard Nimoy starred in The Last Stand and The Last Crusade. Have you seen those?
Yes, Leonard Nimoy starred in Star Trek III. He also starred in X-Men 2.
Sure, Siddhartha is written by Stephen King. It's a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Sure, Hilda Rosner also wrote Xenocide which is a speculative fiction.
Journey to the East was released in 1922.
You're very welcome!
Yes, Reginald VelJohnson is a great actor. Did you know he starred in the movie X-Men 2?
Jamie Lee Curtis is a great actor. He also starred in You Again. Have you seen it?
Great, hope you enjoy it!
Isn't he a tennis player? Isn't he a point guard for the Mumbai Indians?
Yes, you might also enjoy the Adventure Adventure Adventure Adventure Adventure Adventure movie, The Last Man in the Woods.
Yes, it was written by Michelle Paver. It's a great book.
Yes, it's a great fantasy movie. It's a great movie.
Strange Case of dr. Hyde was written by J.R. Tolkien. Do you like his work?
It was written by J.R. Tolkien
You're welcome.
Vladimir Nabokov also wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of the Lambs.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a coach for the Rockets.
Sure, he was born in Winston-Salem, NC
Yes, he is a point guard for the Warriors
Sure, Frank McCourt wrote The Secret History of a Young-adult fiction book called The Last Crusade. Have you read that one?
he wrote Teacher Man. have you read that one yet?
You're very welcome.
Silence of the Lambs is written by J.K. Rowling. It's a great book.
Thomas Harris also wrote the book Silence of the Lambs. Have you read it?
I'm not sure. It was released in 2005.
You're very welcome!
I don't know much about them, but I know they are coached by Jose Mourinho.
I don't know much about soccer, but I know he is an athlete.
Yes, he plays for Real Madrid.
Sure, Jack London wrote The Great Gatsby. Have you read that one?
White Fang is a fiction book written by Jack London. You might also enjoy The Secret Life of Beedle if you liked it.
I haven't seen Million Dollar Baby, but I haven't seen it yet. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
Yes, he did star in Amelia with Richard Gere.
That's a good one. Did you know she also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past?
That's a great movie. Did you know that Peter Jason also starred in a movie called X-Men?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Do you like comedies because it's a thriller?
Cinder was released in 2005.
Yes, he wrote Fanstatic Beasts. It's a great movie. Have you seen it?
Yes, Maurice Hindle is a writer and a writer. He was born in New York City and is a writer.
Yes, he was a great writer and a writer. He was also a writer and a writer.
I'm not sure, but if you like young-adult fiction, you might also enjoy The Great Gatsby. Have you read that one?
The Divergent Series is a fantasy novel written by J.K Rowling
You're very welcome!
Yes, he starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
Sure, he also wrote The Last Samurai. Have you seen that one?
I don't know much about them, but I think they are a good team. Do you like them?
I haven't been to a lot of games, but I haven't been to a lot of games.
Yes, Minute Maid is a great movie. It's a great movie.
Sure, Thomas Lennon starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Yes, it is a television series. It is also a TV series.
I love Chealsea. She's a great actress. She's a great actress. She's a great actress. Do you like her music?
I'm not a big soccer fan, but I'm a huge fan of the Seattle Seahawks.
I'm not a huge fan of American Football, but I'm more of a soccer fan myself.
King Kong is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks. It was released in 2001.
Thomas Kretschmann is a writer and a film director. He also wrote The Last Crusade. Have you seen it?
It was released in 2005
I don't know much about them, but I do like the Denver Broncos. Do you like them?
Yes, I like the Panthers. I like the Panthers.
Yes, Jerry Richardson is the owner of the Panthers. He is a great player.
I'm not sure if that's a drama, but if you like drama movies, you might also enjoy The Golden Compass. Have you seen it?
You're very welcome!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver.
I don't know much about MBA, but I do know they are owned by John Green.
That's a good one. Do you like sports movies?
Isn't he a basketball player? I don't know much about him.
I like LeBron James and Kevin Durant. He's a great basketball player.
No, I haven't seen Kevin Durant, but he is a great actor
Men in Black is written by John Scalzi and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, you might also enjoy The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Beedle.
Yes, Men in Black III is a great movie. It was released in 2005.
You're very welcome!
Batman Begins is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like it because it is a thriller?
Yes, The Dark Knight has a sequel called Batman Begins
You're welcome!
Robin Hobb is a writer and author. He also wrote The Secret History of a Thousand Splendid Suns. Have you read it?
The Mad Ship was released in 2005.
Sure, Kurt Vonnegut Jr. wrote The Secret History of a Thousand Splendid Suns. Have you read that one?
The Monkey House is a Romance novel.
I would recommend Xenocide, Xenocide
Do you like American History X because it is a science fiction movie?
Tony Kaye starred in Lake of Fire. Have you seen it?
Lake of Fire is a Thriller directed by Tony Kaye and directed by Tony Kaye
You're welcome!
E.V. Rieu wrote
E.V. Rieu wrote  which is a speculative fiction book.
He wrote The Flattered Flying Fish and Other Poems in 1962
Cheryl Strayed is a writer and author. She wrote The Secret History of a Young-adult fiction book. Have you read that one?
Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail is a science fiction book.
You're welcome.
If You Give a Mouse a Cookie is written by Laura Joffe Numeroff and was released in 1985.
Yes. If You Take a Mouse to the Movies is written by John Scalzi and is a children's book.
You're very welcome!
Yes, Eyes Wide Shut is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You might also enjoy the movie Eyes Wide Shut. It's a thriller.
I haven't seen that one. It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're very welcome!
Sure, Charles Duhigg wrote The Secret History of a Thousand Splendid Suns. Have you read that one?
The Power of Habit is a book written by Charles Duhigg
Sure, added to your reading list.
Sure, The Godfather is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
He's a great basketball player. Did you know he won the NBA Finals?
Yes, he's also a member of the Boston Celtics. He's a great player.
I don't know much about them, but I think they are a good team. Do you like them?
The Bulls are a few of their top players in the National Basketball Association.
Yes, they will make the playoffs this year
You're welcome
Dear John is written by John Scalzi. It's a young-adult fiction book. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Jamie Linden also wrote True Believer. Have you read it?
You're very welcome!
Crescendo is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Northanger Abbey is a Speculative fiction book. Do you like those genres?
Sense and Sensibility is a romance novel written by Jane Austen. Would you like to hear about other romance novels?
Sure. Persuasion is a novel written by Jane Austen. It is part of a series.
You're very welcome!
Yes, Linkin Park is a Thriller film. Do you like those genres?
Yes, Warner Bros. Records went to Warner Bros. Records and Warner Bros.
Sure! Andrew Stanton directed The Last Stand, which is a crime fiction movie.
Sure! It was written by Andrew Stanton. It's a Thriller. It's a Thriller.
Yes, Ellen DeGeneres did star in it as well. She also starred in WALL-E.
You're welcome!
Phil LaMarr starred in The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby. Have you seen those?
Yes, it's a great movie. Jennifer Hale also starred in X-Men 2. Have you seen it?
The Powerpuff Girls is a great family movie. You might also like The Last Crusade. It's a great movie.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yuvraj Singh is a cricket player from India. He is a cricket player.
Yes, he was a great bowler. He was also a cricket player for the Mumbai Indians.
Yes, Simon Beaufoy wrote Hunger Game: Catching Fire.
Yes, he is a point guard for the Portland Trailblazers.
Yes, he owns the Seattle Seahawks.
I don't know much about the Seattle Seahawks, but he is a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks.
Yes, The King's Speech was written by Stephen King. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, she also starred in The King's Speech. Have you seen it?
Yes, that's a great movie. Did you know it was released in 2005?
Isn't she a singer? I love her music.
Yes, I like Sia Furler too. She has a great voice. She has a great voice.
Yes she is. She has a great voice. She has a great voice.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Tom Brady. Do you like them?
I don't know much about the Cowboys, but I know he's a quarterback for the Chicago Bears.
That's a great one! I'll have to check it out.
I think he's a great basketball player. He's a point guard for the Denver Broncos.
I don't know, but I know he is a basketball player from Oklahoma City.
Yes, he does. He was born in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma City.
Hayley Atwell starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Sure, The Pillars of the Earth is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Pillars of the Earth is a Thriller. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Yes, Brokeback Mountain is starring Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks.
Yes, she also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
I don't know much about them, but I think they are a good team. Do you like them?
I don't know much, but I do know that Lovie Smith is a coach for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
I don't know much about football but I do like the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like them?
Do you like Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire because it is a fantasy?
J.K. Rowling also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Have you read those?
That's a good one. She's also been in the Harry Potter series, and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
I hope you enjoy them!
Sure, Woody Allen wrote The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby. Have you seen either of those?
Robert Downey Jr. is in To Rome With Love. It's a great movie.
You're very welcome!
Sure, do you like his movies because it is a drama or a drama?
Yes, Scream of the Banshee is a good one. Do you like Japanese cartoons?
Sure, I'll add it to your watch list.
You're very welcome!
Yes, Jeffrey Eugenides wrote The Secret Life and The Life Aquatic. Have you read those?
The Virgin Suicides is a science fiction book.
The Virgin Suicides was released in 2005.
You're very welcome!
Pineapple Express is a great movie. Do you like action movies?
Seth Rogen starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Yes, Mindy Kaling starred in this movie as well.
You're very welcome!
Yes, Tom Hardy wrote The Great Gatsby. Have you read it?
Sure, Miranda Richardson starred in Gideon's Daughter. She also starred in The Virgin Suicides.
Yes, Phantom of the Opera is a thriller.
You're very welcome!
I haven't heard much of Adele's music but I do know she is a singer-songwriter.
I haven't heard any of her songs, but I do know she is a singer and songwriter.
Yes, it's a great song. Did you know that Simon Koneckl starred in it?
Inception was directed by J.R. Tolkien
Yes, Christopher Nolan directed The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
Yes, he did produce The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises. Have you seen them?
You might also enjoy The Dark Knight Rises, which is a Sci-Fi film.
Waterworld is a drama. Do you like dramas?
You're very welcome!
Dani Alves is a soccer player from Brazil. He plays for the Brazil national football team.
Yes, he is a Brazilian professional football player from Paris Saint-Germain.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by the Dallas Cowboys.
I don't know much about them, but they are doing good this year.
I think they are doing well this year. I think they will be doing well this year.
Sure! Do you like the genre of the movie because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Charles Dickens wrote Great Expectations and the Working Class in the 1860's.
Empire Falls is a novel by Charles Dickens. Do you like his work?
Great Expectations is a novel by Charles Dickens. It was released in 1818.
It's written in English. It was released in 1818.
You're welcome!
Kierra Cass is a great actress. She starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Kierra Cass wrote The Siren. It's a young-adult fiction.
Sure, The Siren is a young-adult fiction novel written by Kierra Cass. It was released in 2001.
You're very welcome!
Sure! Do you like it because it's a Sci-Fi movie?
Yes, it is action packed. Do you like action packed movies?
Yes, you might also enjoy the movie X-Men Origins: Apocalypse.
You're very welcome!
Nineteen Eighty-Four is a fiction book. Do you like fiction books?
Animal Farm was written by George Orwell. It was released in 1949. Would you like to read it?
You're welcome!
Yes, Gabriel Garcia Marquez wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of the Living Dead.
Ralph Steadman is a writer and a writer. He wrote The Great Gatsby. Have you read it?
It was written by Ralph Steadman. It's a great book.
Sure, you might also like the book Xenocide. Have you read that one?
You're welcome.
Adam Brown starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen those?
The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey was released in 2011.
You're very welcome!
Sure, Bradley Cooper starred in The Last Stand and The Last Stand. Have you seen any of those?
Sure! The Woods was written by Bradley Cooper. It's a Thriller/Drama film.
The Words is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure, The Hobbit was written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King books?
Think and Grow Rich is a thriller. what else can i do for you today?
yes it was written by Napoleon Hill. anything else i can answer for you today?
you are welcome
Sure, Edgar Allan Poe wrote The Secret History of a Young-adult fiction book called The Last Crusade.
Raven was released in 1937. It is a fiction book.
You're welcome.
Cesc Fàbregas is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for the Spain national football team.
I don't know if that is the FC Barcelona team, but I do know that he was born in Barcelona.
It is located in Santiago Bernabeu.
Aladdin is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, Lion King is a great movie that you might enjoy
Great, I hope you enjoy it
Neil Jordan directed The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby
The Good Thief also starred Ralph Fiennes. Do you like dramas?
Yes, he did. He also directed The End of the Affair.
You're very welcome!
Quentin Tarantino directed a lot of movies. He also directed X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Yes, he was in Grindhouse.
Rob Zombie has also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
You're welcome.
Downfall is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Baader Meinhof Complex is starring Robert Downey Jr.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information, but I can tell you it was written by Bernd Eichinger and starred Alexandra Maria Lara.
You're welcome.
Isn't Jason Derulo a singer-songwriter?
I'm not a huge fan of her music, but I know he's a great singer. He's a great singer.
That's a great song! She's a great singer. She's a great singer.
It was written by Cassandra Clare and released in 2014.
Cassandra Clare also wrote City of Bones and City of Bones
The Mortal Instruments is a series
You're welcome!
Sure! Dress Your Family in Corduroy and Denim was written by William Shakespeare. It's a young-adult fiction book. Do you like him?
Yes, it's a comedy. Do you like comedy books?
You're very welcome!
Fred Willard is a great actor. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
Youth in Revolt is a thriller.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Blood Diamond is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Djimon Hounsou is a great actor. Do you like him?
The Lord of War was released in 2001.
Yes, CCH Pounder starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and X-Men: First Class.
He also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Yes, he starred in The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones
The Devil Wears Prada is starring Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks.
Meryl Streep also starred in The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen it?
Yes, she was in The Iron Lady.
I hope you enjoy it!
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was released in 1999.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was released in 1997.
Louis Sachar is a writer and a writer. He wrote The Secret Life and Life of Pi. Have you read any of those?
Sure, Louis Sachar is a writer and a writer. He wrote a lot of books. He also wrote Young Adult Fiction. Have you read that one?
You're very welcome!
Sure, Dan Gilroy starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
The Bourne Legacy is starring Tom Hanks and Dan Gilroy. Do you like them?
The Bourne Identity is a great action movie. You might also like The Bourne Legacy, which is a thriller.
Yes, Hayao Miyazaki directed The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it?
Ponyo is a thriller, do you like thrillers?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information, but I do know Hayao Miyazaki starred in Ponyo.
Yes, Ponyo is an animated film. It's also a drama.
Yes, Paul Thomas Anderson directed The Last Stand. Have you seen it?
There Will Be Blood is starring Tom Hanks and Paul Thomas Anderson.
You're very welcome!
Sure, Paula Hawkins wrote The Great Gatsby. Have you read it?
Sure, The Girl on the Train is written by Paula Hawkins. It is a speculative fiction book.
You're welcome!
You're very welcome!
Sure, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is a good one. Have you read it?
You're very welcome!
It's a great book. It's part of a series. It's part of a series. It's part of a series.
I'll add them to your library now.
Yes, he wrote Violets Are Blue and it's a mystery book.
You're very welcome!
Do you like Vladimir Naokov because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
Pinn is a writer. He wrote a lot of books. He also wrote Xenocide and Xenocide. Have you read those?
Yes, he did write Pinn
Pinn is a fantasy novel
you are welcome
Memoirs of a Geisha was written by John Scalzi. It is a speculative fiction book.
Memoirs of a Geisha is written by John Scalzi
He also wrote Memoirs of a Geisha
You're welcome
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a boxer and boxer.
Yes, it was written by Kevin Williamson. Did you know he starred in Scream 4?
Yes, they were in Slasher. It's a great movie.
That's right! She's a great actress! She's a great actress. She's also been in The Company.
Green Eggs and Ham is written by J.K. Rowling.
Wocket in my Pocket is a great book. It was written by John Scalzi. Would you like to read it?
Yes, it was released in 1958.
Kung Fu Panda is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. It's a great movie.
He also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Yes, he was in Superbad with Emma Stone.
You're welcome!
Yes, E.B. White wrote The Elements of Style. Have you read it?
Sure, Safe Haven is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Kevin Spacey is one of the actors.
I don't have that information, but I do know it was released in 2005.
Yes, this movie is about a family with 12 kids. Would you like to watch it?
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, The Terminator stars Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks. Would you like to know more?
Yes, Paul Winfield was also in The Women of Brewster Place.
Paul Winfrey was in The Women of Brewster Place. He was also in The Women of Brewster Place.
Sure, add it to your watch list.
Natascha McElhone is a writer and actress. She starred in a lot of movies. Do you like her movies?
The Truman Show was released in 2005.
Deception Point was written by Christopher Nolan. It is a speculative fiction book.
Deception Point is a fiction book
Maurice Sendak is a great author. He wrote The Last Crusade. Have you read that one?
Little Bear is a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome, enjoy!
I hope you enjoy it!
David Lynch directed a lot of movies. He also directed X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
Inland Empire is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Idiocracy is starring Robert Downey Jr..
Sorry, I don't have that information.
Sure, add it to your list.
You're very welcome!
Gone with the Wind is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Gone with the Wind is a great movie. Have you seen it? It's a thriller.
The Sound of Music is starring Robert Downey Jr..
You're welcome.
Ellen Burstyn starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Isn't Rafael Nadal a tennis player that plays for the Spain national football team?
Yes, Serena and Venus are probably the most popular female players of all time.
Yes, Tom Garfinkel is in the Miami Dolphins.
Do you like To Kill a Mockingbird because it is a thriller?
To Kill a Mockingbird is a drama movie. Do you like drama movies?
You're welcome!
I love her music. She's a great singer. She's a great singer. Did you know she starred in the movie Thriller?
Yes, I like her music. She's a great singer. She's also a singer and songwriter.
No, I didn't know that. She's a great actress. She's a great actress.
Yes, Peter Gallagher wrote The Last Stand. Have you seen it?
Yes, Sandra Bullock also starred in The O. C. and While You Were Sleeping.
Sure, Peter Gallagher also starred in The O. C. and While You Were Sleeping.
You're welcome!
Sure, Martin Gardner wrote The Secret History of a Young-adult fiction film called The Last Crusade. Have you seen it?
The Portable Atheist is a science fiction book
Yes, he also wrote The Portable Atheist and Alice Adventures in Wonderland
You're welcome
Isn't he a midfielder for the Colombia national football team?
Yes, he also played on the Colombia National Football team. Do you like him?
Yes he was also on FC Porto.
I don't know much about Venus Williams, but I do know she is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Yes, Brett Ratner is a great actor. He also starred in X-Men 2.
Yes, she was in Scarface with Michelle Pfeiffer as well.
Sure, The Glass Castle was written by Jeannette Walls and released in 2005. Do you like memoirs?
Three Cups of Tea was written by J.R. Tolkien.
Alice Sebold has written a number of books. She has written a number of books, including The Secret Life and The Secret Life of the Lambs. Have you read those?
Lovely Bones was released in 2002 and is fiction.
Yes, it was released in 2002 and is a fiction novel
Yes, it was written by Jack London
You're welcome.
Isn't she a tennis player from Sania Mirza?
I don't know much about them, but I know he is a tennis player.
I don't know much about Hantuchova, but I do know he was born in Sania.
Yes. Usain Bolt was also in the 2012 Olympics.
Thor: The Dark World is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Then you might also enjoy The Dark Knight Rises. It's a fantasy movie.
Chris Weitz starred in The Golden Compass. It's a fantasy movie.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Whiplash was directed by Damien Chazelle and released in 2014.
Yes, Troy Garity also stars in The Good Doctor. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did star in Elizabethtown.
Breakfast of Champions is written by John Scalzi. Do you like books written by him?
Yes, he did write Welcome to the Monkey House and Timequake.
Yes, it was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr. and it's a great book.
Yes, Mark Waters directed The Last Stand and The Last Stand. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, John Sayles wrote The Spider-Man and Mr. Popper's Penguins. Have you seen them?
I'm not sure, but The Spider-Man Chronicles is a fantasy film.
I like Phil Mickelson. He's a great golfer. Do you like golf?
I don't know much about Phil Mickelson, but he won the 2010 Masters Tournament
Yes, it is a great movie.
Truman Capote is a writer and a writer. He wrote The Great Gatsby. Have you read it?
Yes, Mickey Rooney did star in that movie. He also starred in The Princess Diaries.
Yes, you might also like the movie X-Men Origins.
Sure, Kenneth H. Blanchard wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement
Yes, it's a book for entrepreneurs.
That's a great one! Spencer Johnson also wrote The One Minute Manager. Have you read it?
Yes, Sam Taylor-Johnson starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Fifty Shades of Grey is starring Sam Taylor-Johnson. Would you like to see it?
Nowhere Boy is a Sci-Fi movie. Would you like to watch it?
Sure! Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he did write Hell's Angels. Have you seen it?
V for Vendetta is a political thriller. It's a great movie.
She's a great actress. She's been in a lot of movies. She's starred in a lot of movies. Do you like her movies?
The Last Runaway is a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy books?
Yes, she did write Girl With a Pearl Earring.
You're very welcome!
Yes, Frank Darabont is a great actor. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Yes, The Mist is starring Chris Owen and Cherami Leigh. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he also starred in The Mist. Have you seen it?
She's All That is a great movie. She's All That was written by Woody Allen and is a great movie.
Isn't he a football player? Isn't he a player?
The Bourne Legacy is starring Tom Hanks
Bourne Legacy is a Thriller
Matt Damon also starred in X-Men 2
Matt Damon also starred in The Bourne Legacy
You're welcome
Sure, Where the Sidewalk Ends is written by John Scalzi. Do you like his work?
Shel Silverstein also wrote A Light in the Attic
Shel Silverstein wrote The Giving Tree, The Missing Piece, and The Giving Tree.
You're welcome!
I know he is a singer-songwriter and a singer-songwriter. Do you like him?
I don't know any of her songs but I do know Taylor Swift is a singer-songwriter and songwriter.
Yes, I agree. She is a great singer.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Bees. Have you read those?
Sure, it was released in 2005 and is a Speculative fiction book.
You're very welcome!
Sure, Oliver Stone directed The Last Stand which is a crime fiction film.
The Doors stars Robert Downey Jr. and Kevin Spacey. Do you like them?
Yes, The Doors is a Thriller. Do you like them?
You're very welcome!
Patrick Rothfuss is a great actor. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
Yes, it's a great book. It's a speculative fiction novel.
You're very welcome!
Do you like Divergent because it's a thriller?
Yes, it's a Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Yes, he is a football player. He plays for Manchester United F.C.
Wayne Rooney is an athlete that plays for Manchester United F.C.
Thiago Silva is an athlete who plays for the Brazil national football team.
I don't know much about the Minnesota Vikings, but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver.
Yes, I am a fan of the Seattle Seahawks. Do you like them?
Yes, they were runner-ups in Super Bowl XIX and XIX.
Sure! Do you like the movie because it's a thriller?
Anna Kendrick also starred in X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
She also starred in The Last Five Years, The Last Five Years, and The Last Five Years.
Yes, she's also starred in The Last Five Years, The Last Five Years, and The Last Five Years.
The Last Five Years is a great Musical theatre movie. You might also like The Last Five Years, or The Last Five Years.
You're welcome.
Yes, E.H. Gormbrich is a writer and a screenwriter. He wrote and starred in a lot of movies. Have you seen it?
Suresh Raina is an athlete who plays cricket for the Mumbai Indians.
I don't know much about cricket, but I do know he is a cricket player from India.
Yes, he is a cricket player.
Sure, Scott Westerfeld wrote The Secret History of a Young-adult fiction book called The Little Prince. Have you read that one?
The Uglies Trilogy is written by Scott Westerfeld and is part of a series.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Isn't he a soccer player? I don't know much about him.
Yes, he plays for the Spain national football team.
Yes, Louis van Gaal is a coach for the Barcelona team.
Yes, Louis van Gaal was a coach for the Netherlands national football team.
Sure, Joseph Heller wrote The Secret History of a Young-adult fiction book called The Little Prince. Have you read it?
He wrote Catch-22, a war novel. It's part of a series of books.
Fifty Shades of Grey is a book similar to Fifty Shades of Grey.
I haven't read Fifty Shades of Grey and Fifty Shades of Grey.
Bared to You is written by E.L. James
Yes, it was released in 2005
I hope you enjoy it
Isn't Franz Kafka a German writer?
In der Strafkolonie is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome!
Sure, Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival is a book similar to Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival and Redemption. Have you read either of those?
You're very welcome!
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Patrick McGoohan is the author of Braveheart.
Yes, he did direct Braveheart
Yes, he also wrote Xenocide which is a drama
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Martin Gardener wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of the Lambs. Have you read those?
The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer was released in 2008.
Wreck This Journal was written by Martin Gardener. It was released in 2007.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by the Washington Redskins. Do you like them?
Yes, he did coach the Oakland Raiders and Denver Broncos
Yes, he is still playing for the Denver Broncos.
Girl with a Pearl Earring is a book similar to Girl with a Pearl Earring.
Yes, The Messenger is a sci-fi novel. Do you like sci-fi?
Snow Crash was written by J.R. Tolkien
Do you like Tropic Thunder because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Ben Stiller also starred in The Cable guy.
He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past
Yes, Diana Gabaldon wrote The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby.
Yes, it was released in the year 2014.
Zero to One is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome!
Renny Harlin directed a series of movies starring Tom Hanks. Have you seen it?
Robert Downey Jr. starred in that movie.
Yes, it was released in 2005
You're welcome.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by the Dallas Cowboys.
I don't think they would perform better than they were in the AFC.
That's a good one. I think they'll be doing better this year.
Sure, Doug Liman directed The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it?
Yes, it was part of the Cannes Film Festival. Do you like dramas?
I don't have that information, but it was written by John-Henry and Jez Butterworth.
I don't have that information, but I do know it was written by John Powell. It's a great movie.
Yes, John Henry Butterworth is an author who wrote Fair Game.
Isn't he a point guard for the Washington Red Sox?
Yes, he's married to Gabrielle Union. She's also a singer-songwriter.
Yes, it was written by Steve Harvey. Do you like his movies?
Yes, Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a great movie. Do you like it because it is a science fiction movie?
Gary Oldman also starred in X-Men Origins: Apocalypse Now.
I'm sorry, I don't have any examples of sci-fi. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I hope you enjoy it!
Noam Murro directed 300: Rise of an Empire and 300: Rise of an Empire.
300: Rise of Empire stars Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks. Do you like them?
Yes, it was released in 2014.
Yes, War is a fantasy movie. Do you like Fantasy movies?
Yes, Eva Green is a great actress. She also starred in X-Men Origins.
Eva Green was born in New York City. She also starred in a movie called The Princess Diaries.
You're very welcome!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver. Do you like them?
Yes, Magic Johnson is a great basketball player. He was born in Los Angeles, California.
That's a good one. I'm not a huge fan of basketball, but I think he's a great athlete.
Sure, Mervyn Peake wrote The Great Gatsby. Have you read it?
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is starring Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks.
Yes, it was released in 2008 and is a Thriller.
No, I don't have that information. Is there anything I can help you with?
You're very welcome!
Sure! Their Eyes Were Watching God was written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King books?
The Sword of Shannara is written by John Scalzi. It's a great book.
She also wrote The Sword of Shannara.
Paul Pogba-do is an American professional footballer who plays for Manchester United F.C.
I don't know much about Wayne Rooney, but I do know he plays for Manchester United.
I don't know much about Alabama, but I do know the Alabama team is owned by Wayne Rooney.
I'm not much of a fan of American Football, but I'm more of an American Football fan myself.
Patrick Suskind is a writer and a film director. He wrote and starred in a lot of movies. Do you like his movies?
Sure, The Grapes of Wrath is written by John Scalzi. Would you like to know other books written by him?
Tropic of Cancer is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Then you might also like The Grapes of Wrath. It's a fiction novel.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
The Night Watch was written by John Steinbeck. Would you like to know more?
You're very welcome!
In Bruges is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Tom Waits did star in Seven Psychopaths.
Yes, she also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
You're very welcome!
Sure, O Brother, Where Art Thou is starring Robert Downey Jr., and Robert Downey Jr.
Sure Holly Hunter also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
She also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
You're welcome!
Sure, The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks was written by John Scalzi and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks was written by John Scalzi.
I'm not sure, but it was released in 2010 and is a drama.
Yes, he also wrote The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
Yes, it was written by Henning Koch and released in 2012.
2012 was a great book. It was released in 2012 and it is a thriller.
Sure! Do you like the movie because it's a thriller?
Sure, A New Hope has a genre of Action and Fantasy. Do you like action movies?
If you like space sci-fi, you might also enjoy The Golden Compass. Have you seen it?
Interstellar is starring Robert Downey Jr.
You're welcome
The Hungers Games is written by Stephen King. It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Chris Weitz starred in a lot of movies. He also directed X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Chris Weitz starred in American Pie. It also stars Tom Hanks and Chris Weitz.
She has also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about Andy Murray, but I do know he is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
No, I haven't watched a match before. I'm more of a tennis fan, but I'm more of a tennis fan.
I'm not a huge fan of playing but I've heard of it. It's more fun to watch.
Melina Karakosta wrote Le Petit Prince.
Yes, Melina Karakosta also wrote Le Petit Prince.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry is a young-adult fiction novel.
Sure! Do you like superhero movies because it's a thriller?
Sure, The Last Stand is a superhero movie. Do you like superhero movies?
Logan is a Thriller, starring Tom Hanks. It's a great movie.
You're welcome!
Isn't he a great actor. He starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Yes, Rian Johnson directed The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it?
I like Romance Films like Looper and The Brothers Bloom. Have you seen those?
You're welcome!
Sure, Peter Bart wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Pi. Have you read any of those?
Peter Bart also wrote The Godfather.
The Godfather was released in 2001
Green Mile is written by John Scalzi. Do you like books written by John Scalzi?
Stephen King also wrote The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby. Have you read those?
Yes. The Dead Zone is adapted into a movie starring Tom Hanks.
You're welcome.
You're welcome!
Sure, Christina Baker Kline wrote The Orphan Train. Have you read it?
Christina Baker Kline also wrote Xenocide. Have you read it?
Yes. The Way Life Should Be is a fiction book.
I Am Legend is starring Robert Downey Jr. and is a thriller.
Yes, he also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Yes, he also starred in I, Robot which is a Sci-Fi action movie.
Yes, I like Hot Fuzz. It's a great movie. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
Yes, Hot Fuzz is a great adventure film. Do you like adventure films?
Yes, it is an adventure movie.
Yes, he is a great singer. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
I like Justin Timberlake more when it comes to pop. Do you like his music?
I don't know much about Elton John, but I do know he is a composer and songwriter.
To Kill a Mockingbird was written by Stephen King.
Yes, it was written by Stephen King
Sure, Les Miserables is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure. You might also enjoy the movie X-Men: Days of Future Past, X-Men: Apocalyptic fiction.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information, but I can tell you more.
Yes, The Deer Hunter is a Thriller. It is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Deer Hunter was directed by Quinn K. Redeker
Meryl Streep is a great actor
The River Wild is starring Tom Hanks
I'm not a big fan of the Denver Broncos, but I think they are a good team. I think they're a good team.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Rick Riordan.
Yes, Cold Mountain is written by Rick Riordan. Do you like it because it is a thriller?
Yes, he did. He also starred in X-Men: Apocalypse.
Cold Mountain is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
Yes, J.K Simmons is a writer and a screenwriter. He was born in New York City. He was also a director.
He has starred in a lot of thriller films. He has also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, and X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen those?
Robert Downey Jr. is also in The Good Doctor.
Public Enemies is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
He also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
He has been down a lot of dramas. He also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
I'll add it to your watch list.
The Fugitive is starring Robert Downey Jr. and Robert Duvall.
The Fugitive was released in 2011.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Harrison Ford also starred in The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was also in The Fugitive.
You're very welcome!
Sure, J.M. Barrie wrote The Secret History of a Young-adult fiction book called The Little Prince. Have you read it?
Peter Pan was written by J.M. Barrie. Do you like books written by him?
The Little White Bird is a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy books?
You're very welcome!
Isn't he a soccer player? I don't know much about him. Is he a soccer player?
Karim Benzema plays for Manchester United F.C.
You're welcome.
Yes, Fast Five is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
He also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
You're very welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
Isn't Joh Favreau a writer and a politician?
Yes he did, he also starred in a movie called X-Men 2. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was in Weekend at Bernies II. Have you seen it?
Yes, they did star Kevin Nealon and Kevin Nealon.
Yes, he did star in The Gazebo
Yes, The Gazebo is a great movie.
Sure, Seth MacFarlane wrote and directed and directed the movie, The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it?
Family Guy is written by Seth MacFarlane and directed by Seth MacFarlane
Animated Sitcom Comedy is a good one
Skyfall is starring Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks.
Yes, Rory Kinnear has also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Robert Downey Jr. produced it. It's a thriller.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, it's a great adventure film. It's a great movie.
You're very welcome!
Yes, Dead to the World is written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King books?
She's a great actress. She's also a writer and a writer. She's also a writer.
He also wrote Dead to the World: A Time to the Rescue and The Last Stand. Have you read those?
You're very welcome!
Yes, David O. Russell is a director and director. He directed a lot of movies. He also directed X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Jamie Kennedy starred in it as well.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Paper Towns is a great book written by John Scalzi. Do you like his work?
I don't have that information, but I do know that he also wrote a series of books. Have you read it?
The Fault in Our Stars was released in 2008.
Sure! Max Brooks is a writer and a director. He wrote The Secret Life and Life of Pi. Have you seen those?
The Zombie Survival Guide was released in 2011.
Sure. I hope you enjoy it!
You're very welcome!
Ryan Reynolds starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Great, I think you'll enjoy it.
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
He wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Have you read it?
Do you like the movie because it's a thriller or because it's a thriller?
Orlando Bloom is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
Yes, it was written by Michael Ende.
Mission: Impossible is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Tom Cruise also starred in The Last Crusade. Have you seen that one?
You're very welcome!
You're very welcome!
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Isn't he a singer-songwriter?
Yes, Holden Scott wrote The Social Network
Yes, I like dramas. Do you like dramas?
Yes, it was written by John Scalzi and it is a drama. Do you like drama?
True Lies is a great movie. You might also enjoy The Secret Life of the Lambs. It's a great movie.
Yes, Sneakers is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he is a soccer player. He plays for the Uruguay national football team.
I don't know much about soccer, but I do know he is a coach for the Manchester United F.C.
You're welcome.
Sure, do you like the book because it was written by Paulo Coelho or because it was a drama?
He wrote Diario de um Mago and Adulterio
Yes, he wrote Onze minutos.
Jeffrey DeMunn is a writer and a director. He starred in a lot of movies. Do you like his movies?
Yes, it did star Lauren Holly. She also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
You're very welcome!
Isn't he a midfielder for FC Bayern Munich?
They are owned by Wayne Weaver. Do you like them?
I like football. I like to watch a lot of football. I'm a big fan of the Dallas Cowboys.
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like them?
Yes, The invention of wings is a movie. It's a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
The Last Samurai is starring Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks
Yes, he also starred in The Pink Panther 2 which is a drama.
Andy Garcia also starred in The Last Samurai. Have you seen it?
Andy Garcia also starred in The Last Samurai. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by the Dallas Cowboys.
No, I haven't seen that movie, but I haven't seen it. I think it was a great movie.
No, I haven't seen Jerry Maguire. Did you know he also starred in The New England Patriots?
I'll add that one to your watch list.
Sure, Peter Berg directed The Last Stand and The Last Stand. Have you seen any of those?
Battleship starring Liam Neeson is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're very welcome!
Wonder was written by R.J Palacio and released in 2012.
Sure, The Julian chapter was written by R.J. Palacio and released in 2014.
Yes, it was released in 2014
I don't have any other books released in 2014 but he did write The Julian chapter.
you are welcome.
Bill Murray is a great actor. He also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
The Man Who Knew Too Little also stars Billy Murray
She wrote The Scarlet Letter and The Scarlet Letter
Yes, she wrote The Scarlet Letter. She also wrote The Scarlet Letter.
Scarlet Letter is a romance novel.
I don't have that information, but I do know it was released in 2001.
Sure, Young Adult Fiction is a good one. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen and released in 1817.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to read it?
Then you might also like Pride and Prejudice, which is a romance novel.
You're very welcome!
Sure, Judd Hirsch starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Tower Heist is a Thriller/Drama film. It was released in 2005.
Tower Heist is a Sci-Fi movie. It was released in 2005.
If you like crime movies, you might also enjoy The Incredible Hulk or The Incredible Hulk.
Louise Maude wrote ннкресение and оскресение.
Yes, he also wrote Tolstoy's War and Peace into English.
You're very welcome!
Yes, it is a great movie. Do you like it because it is a fantasy movie?
He's a great actor. He was also in X-Men: Apocalyptic fiction.
Yes, it was written by Kim Edwards and released in 2005.
You might enjoy The Memory Keeper's Daughter. It's a great book.
She won the Whiting Writes Award for Best Novel of the Year.
Snow Crash is written by John Scalzi. It is a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Sure, Chris Evans starred in a lot of movies. He also starred in X-Men: Apocalyptic fiction. Have you seen it?
Chris Evans starred in The Perfect Score, The Nanny Diaries, and The Nanny Diaries.
I'm not sure, but I know it was released in 2011.
You're welcome!
Sure, The Great Gatsby is a great book. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
Yes, he wrote The Great Gatsby. Have you read it?
You're welcome.
You're welcome. Anything else I can help you with?
Isn't he a tennis player? Isn't he a tennis player?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he was in the 2012 Olympics.
Tommy Haas has been in a number of games. He was also in the 2012 Olympics.
Running with Scissors was written by John Scalzi. Would you like to know more about this book?
A Wolf at the Table is a science fiction book that was released in 2005.
Yes, it is a sequel to that book.
You're very welcome!
Sure! Do you like jared Diamond because it was written by Jared Diamond?
It's a Thriller. Do you like those genres?
It was written by J.K. Rowling.
Sure, Wes Craven is a writer and a writer. Do you like his work?
He's also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Yes, he did. He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
You're very welcome!
Sure, Anne Rice wrote The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby. Have you read those?
Yes, she did. She also wrote The Vampire Revisited.
Yes, she wrote The Mummy, Queen of Damned and Tales of the Vampires.
The Graveyard Book was written by John Scalzi. Would you like to know more about this book?
Neil Gaiman also wrote The Hobbit series. Have you read that one yet?
You're very welcome!
Lois Lowry is a writer and a writer. He wrote a lot of books. He also wrote The Great Gatsby. Have you read that one?
'Messenger' is a speculative fiction book.
I'm not sure, but I'm sure it was released in 2011.
Great Gatsby is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, Duncan Jones starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
Yes, he starred in Moon. He also starred in Apocalypto.
It's a science fiction movie.
I don't know much about the Minnesota Vikings, but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver.
I think the Seahawks are going to the Super Bowl XII.
I don't know much about the Cowboys, but I do know the Cowboys are owned by Tom Hanks.
I haven't watched a game live in person. Do you like Pete Carroll?
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Robert Downey Jr. directed it
He also directed The Last Crusade which is a drama.
I haven't seen it, but I haven't seen it. Is it a Romance film?
Yes, he was in The Bourne Legacy. Have you seen it?
Haha, I haven't seen it yet. It's a great movie. I think you'll enjoy it.
Do you like the Hobbit because it's a fantasy book?
Yes, it was written by J.R.R. Tolkien.
Snow White and the Seven dwarfs is a good one. Do you like fairy tales?
Sure. Grimm's Fairy Tales starred Robert Downey Jr., and Emma Stone. Do you like her movies?
Matt Damon also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
You're welcome.
Sure, The Lightning Thief is a book written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King books?
The Percy Jackson series have you read the Percy Jackson series?
It's a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy books?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Sara Dessen is a great actress. She starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Sarah Dressen wrote a series of books adapted into movies. She also starred in a series of movies. Have you seen it?
Sarah Dressen starred in That Summer and Someone Like You. She also starred in X-Men 2.
Inception is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, The Prestige is written by Christopher Nolan. Do you like thrillers?
Sure, For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King books?
Yes, he also wrote The Thriller and The Expendables. Have you read those?
You're welcome.
Sure, Stefan Kapicic starred in Deadpool. Have you seen it?
Deadpool is starring Robert Downey Jr.
Deadpool is a drama
Lebron James is a great actor. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but he's a spokesperson for the New York Jets.
Yes, he's a spokesperson for the Colombia national football team.
The Fault in Our Stars is a science fiction book. Do you like science fiction books?
The book is based on a book written by J.R. Tolkien. Do you like his work?
Then you might also enjoy The Fault in Our Stars, which is a drama book.
This book was written by John Scalzi, who also wrote The Last Crusade.
You're welcome!
Sure, he starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Sure, Whatever It Takes is starring James Franco and James Franco. It's a drama.
I don't have that information, but Nick Cannon also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
You're very welcome!
Yes, she's a great actress. She's been in a lot of movies. She's starred in a lot of movies. Did you know she was also a director?
The Hundred Secret Senses is a fiction book. Do you like fiction books?
Yes, Wuthering Heights is a great book. She also wrote The Hundred Secret Senses.
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
Robert Duvall also starred in The Apostle. Have you seen it?
Robert Duvall also starred in The Apostle. Have you seen it?
Farrah Fawcett also starred in The Apostle.
You're welcome.
Yes, Mark Waters directed The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it?
Tod Fennell also starred in The Spider-Man 2 and The Spider-Man 2.
I'm not sure, but I do know that Tod Fennell starred in The Spider-Man 2 and The Spider-Man 2.
You're welcome!
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Do you like books written by Jane Austen?
Jane Austen wrote Pride and Prejudice and Pride and Prejudice. Have you read those?
Janet Fitch wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Bees. Have you read those?
Paint It Black was released in 2004 and is a Thriller.
You're very welcome!
Akira Kurosawa is a great actor. He starred in X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
Well, if you like adventure movies, you might also enjoy The Secret Life of Akira Kurosawa. Have you seen it?
Seven Samurai is starring Samurai. It's a great movie.
Sure, I'll send it now.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was directed by J.K. Rowling.
Yes, he wrote Les Miserables. Have you read it?
Yes, it was released in 1862.
Yes, he did write Muc.
That's a great one. It was released in 1862.
Sure! Once Upon a Time in the West is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Shane was written by Edgar Buchanan and released in 1988
You're welcome!
Sure, Jodi Picoult wrote The Secret Life of Pioult. Have you read it?
Sure, you might enjoy The Storyteller and The Pact. Have you read them?
You're very welcome!
Yes, Charles Dickens is a great author. He wrote and starred in a lot of movies. Have you seen it?
Oliver Twist was written by Charles Dickens. He also wrote The Old Curiosity Shop. Have you read it?
Yes, he did. He also wrote A Tale of Two Cities.
Yes, it was released in 1859 and is a play.
You're very welcome!
Russell Westbrook is a basketball player. He is a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks. Do you like basketball?
I don't watch much basketball but I do like to watch it.
I'm more of a basketball fan. I'm more of a basketball fan. What about you?
No, I haven't seen them play this year. I haven't seen them.
Yes, Hellboy is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
Guillermo Del Toro is a great movie. He also directed The Last Crusade. Have you seen that one?
Yes, they are comic movies like Pan's Labyrinth and Hellboy 2.
Yes, Atlas Shrugged is a book written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King books?
Yes, Ayn Rand did write We Are Living
We are the Living was released in 1957
If I Stay is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
You might also enjoy the Young-adult fiction series, The Young-adult fiction series, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you read those?
You're very welcome!
You're very welcome!
Sure, Mark Osborne starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, and X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen those?
Yes, Seth Rogan was in Kung Fu Panda. He also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Yes, he also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Superbad is a great movie! Enjoy!
Do you like the book because it was written by james patterson or because it was a thriller?
Sure, Katherine Paterson wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of a Woman. Have you read either of those?
Yes, The Great Gilly Hopkins is a great book. You might also enjoy The Great Gatsby. It was released in 1978.
You're very welcome!
I don't know much about them, but I think they are a good team. Do you like them?
I don't know much about basketball, but I do know that Steve Kerr is a coach for the Seattle Seahawks.
I don't know much about basketball, but I do know that Steve Kerr is a great player.
I'm a Dallas Cowbot fan. I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan.
Isn't he a cricket player from India?
Yes, Tom Brady plays for the New England Patriots. Do you like football?
Yes, he was in Ugly. I think he was a great actor.
Sure, John Boyne wrote The Great Gatsby. Have you read that one?
The Boy in the Striped Pajamas is a Romance novel.
The Boy in the Striped Pajamas was released in 2001.
You're very welcome!
The Devil's Advocate was directed by Rick Riordan. Do you like his work?
Taylor Hackford starred in Blood In, Blood Out. Do you like dramas?
I don't have that information.
You're welcome!
Divergent is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
The Hunger Games is a young adult film. Do you like young adult films?
Sure, she wrote The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which was released in 2007.
Yes, she did write Boomerang.
Yes she did. She also wrote Xenocide which was released in 2009.
You're welcome.
Anna Sewell wrote Black Beauty which is a great book.
Anna Sewell is from the United States of America. She was born in New York City.
You're very welcome!
I haven't heard any of them, but I have heard some of them. Do you like them?
I don't know, but Adam Levine also starred in a movie called X-Men 2.
Yes, it is a great show.
Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline and released in 2013.
Yes, it is a historical novel. Do you like historical novels?
Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline. Do you like her work?
You're very welcome!
Do you like the movie because it's a thriller?
Kevin Spacey starred in Street Kings and Rampart.
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome.
Yes, J.J. Cohen starred in Back to the Future. Have you seen it?
Sure. He was also in The Last Crusade. Have you seen that?
Yes, CCH Pounder is a writer and a politician. Do you like his work?
Yes, Kevin Zegers also stared in the movie City of Bones.
Yes, it is a mystery and horror movie.
Yes, Zodiak is a Mystery film. Do you like Mystery films?
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him, but I know he is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
Yes he plays for the Seattle Seahawks.
I'm not a big fan of the Patriots. I'm a big fan of the Patriots.
Yes, Hayao Miyazaki directed The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it?
Ponyo is starring Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks. It was released in 2005.
Princess Mononoke was released in 2001 and is a fantasy film.
You're very welcome!
Do you like Matt Damon because he wrote The Bourne Identity?
The Bourne Identity is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, it's a great movie! It's a great movie!
Haha! Haha! Haha! Haha! Haha! Haha! Haha! Haha! It's a great movie. It's a thriller. It's a thriller.
Yes, it's a great movie! Enjoy!
Isn't he a quarterback for the Seattle Seahawks?
I don't know if he played for the Saints, but he is a quarterback for the New England Patriots.
I'm not sure, but I'm sure they will win the Super Bowl XLIII.
Sure, Bruce Willis starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Bruce Willis has starred in many movies. He also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Bruce Willis also starred in the movie X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Yes, it is a action movie.
Sure, I'll add it now.
You're very welcome!
Gran Torino is a great movie. Did you know it was written by John Scalzi?
Warm Bodies is starring Tom Hardy and Clint Eastwood. Do you like them?
In the Day also starred Tom Hanks
You're welcome.
Sure, Brandon Sanderson wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Bees. Have you read any of those?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Warbreaker was released in 2001.
You're welcome.
Sure! Do you like Tangled because it's a thriller?
Yes, there are many Disney movies that you might enjoy. You might also enjoy The Princess Diaries. It's a great Disney movie.
Molly Shannon also starred in The Santa Clause. She's a great actress.
Ender's Game was written by Steven Spielberg. Do you like his work?
Yes, Orson Scott Card is a great author. Do you like science fiction?
That is a great one. You might also like The Last Samurai. It is a science fiction book.
You're very welcome.
Sure, David O. Russell directed The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, it did star George Clooney
You're welcome.
Anthony Daniels is a great actor. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
He also starred in X-Men: Apocalypse Now. Have you seen it?
You're very welcome!
You're very welcome!
Do you like Forrest Gump because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Winston Groom is a great movie with a similar genre
You are welcome
I like A Christmas Carol. It's a great movie. Do you like it because it's a drama?
Mickey's Christmas Carol is a great movie. Have you seen it?
The Black Cat is a Gothic Fiction movie. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it was written in the 19th century.
You're very welcome!
I don't know much about them, but I think they are a good team. Do you like them?
Yes, Ryan Moats and John Madden were drafted to the Seattle Seahawks.
John Madden was also drafted by the Philadelphia Eagles.
I didn't know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Watership Down was written by John Scalzi and is a Speculative fiction book. Do you like those genres?
Yes, The Lord of the Rings is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, The Two Towers is a children's literature.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver.
The Tennessee Titans were runner ups in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
I haven't seen it but I think it was a great year for them.
Brad Pitt is a great actor. He starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Troy is a great historical fiction film. You might also like Xenocide, Xenocide, and Xenocide.
It's a great movie. It's a great movie. It's a great movie.
Sure, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, it is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
I'm not sure, but it's a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
Aeon Flux is starring Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, 50/50 is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he was in 3rd Rock from the Sun. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but Joseph Gordon Levitt also starred in the movie, The Last Stand, which is a comedy.
Do you like A Walk to Remember because it's a Romance novel?
Last Song was written by John Scalzi. It is a Thriller.
Yes, The Last Song was written for the general populace, and was released in 2014.
I think Tom Brady is a great quarterback for the New England Patriots.
That's a great movie. Did you know he was also in X-Men Origins?
Yes, he was in Couples Retreat. Have you seen it?
Do you like Aliens because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
The Transformer series is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Tommy Lee Jones is a great actor. He also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Yes, he was in Dante's Peak.
You're very welcome!
The Butterfly Effect is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
William Lee Scott also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2
The Go-Getter is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Leonard Nimoy is a writer and a director. He starred in Xenocide. Have you seen it?
The Voyage Home is a Sci-Fi movie. Walter Koeing also starred in The Voyage Home.
The Voyage Home stars Robert Downey Jr. and Robert Downey Jr.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Do you like Inside Man because it is a thriller or because it is a thriller?
The Big Hit is a great thriller movie. Do you like thriller movies?
You're welcome!
Cesc Fabregas is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for the Spain national football team.
That's a great sport. It's a great sport.
I don't know much about Rafael Nadal, but I know he is a tennis player from the United States.
I don't know much about them, but I think they are a good team. Do you like them?
Yes he did, he is a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks.
Yes, he did coach the Milwaukee Bucks.
Yes, Memento is a great movie. It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, The Prestige is starring Robert Downey Jr. and John Scalzi.
Yes, I have seen Wild at Heart and Transformers.
Calvin Harris is a singer-songwriter, songwriter and songwriter. He was born in New York City. Do you like his work?
Rita Ora is a singer-songwriter. Do you like her music?
You're welcome.
Yes, Adam Brown starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
Yes, Adam Brown starred in The Hobbit. Have you seen it?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
You're very welcome!
Great, enjoy!
Yes, James Harden is a writer and a film producer. He wrote and directed The Secret Life Aquatic. Have you seen it?
Yes, he is a good basketball player. Do you like basketball?
Yes, he plays for the Los Angeles Rams and the Lakers.
Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull stars Robert Downey Jr.
Yes, he also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Transformers is a Sci-Fi movie starring Tom Hanks
You are welcome
Crescendo is written by John Scalzi and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Becca Fitzpatrick also wrote a book called The Great Gatsby. Have you read it?
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
Do you like the Maze Runner because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
The Scortch Trails is starring Robert Downey Jr.
You're very welcome!
Sure, Jake Gyllenhaal starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Yes, The Prince of Persia is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he has starred in The Day After Tomorrow which is a drama. Have you seen it?
Sure, Will Gluck directed The Last Stand and The Last Stand. Have you seen any of those?
Annie stars Robert Downey Jr. and Robert Downey Jr.
Jamie Foxx also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
The Notebook is a speculative fiction book. Do you like speculative fiction?
Yes, Nicholas Sparks wrote Message in a Bottle.
Yes, Nicholas Sparks is the author of both The Notebook and the Message in a Bottle.
Yes, Nicholas Sparks is the author of both The Notebook and the Message in a Bottle.
Yes, he wrote Prince of Tide. Have you read it?
You're very welcome!
Yes, Twilight: The Complete Illustrated Movie Companion was written by Stephen King. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, it was written by Mark Cotta Vaz. It is a Thriller.
You're very welcome!
Good in Bed is a Speculative fiction book. Do you like those genres?
Chris Bigsby is a great writer. He wrote The Great Gatsby. Have you read it?
Yes, he also wrote The Crucible. Have you read it?
Chris Bigsby also wrote The Crucible. Have you read it?
Yes, he wrote All My Sons which was released in 1947. Have you read it?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by the Denver Broncos.
Yes, they are in the National Football League.
They are looking good this year. They are hoping they will win the Super Bowl.
Lolita is a speculative fiction book. Do you like those genres?
Pale Fire is a novel written by Vladimir Vladimirovich Nabokov
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
You're very welcome!
I haven't heard it, but I do know he is a singer-songwriter. Do you like him?
Yes, he did. He also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
No, I haven't seen that one. Did you know it was written by Justin Timberlake?
Parts One and Two is written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like books written by J.K. Rowling?
You might also enjoy Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Sure! The Silkworm is written by J.K. Rowling. It's part of a series of books. It's part of a series.
Sure! Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas is a book similar to Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas. Have you read it?
Sure, Night was released in 2005 and is part of a series of autobiographies. Do you like autobiographies?
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child was written by J.K. Rowling.
J.K. Rowling also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Yes, it was written in English.
Yes, it is in English.
Yes, he wrote The Silkworm, which was released in 2014.
You're very welcome!
Total Recall is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
I don't know much about him, but I know he plays for Manchester United F.C.
Yes, I like James Harden, he is a great player.
No, I haven't seen that show. Is there anything else I can help you with?
No, I don't watch American shows, but I did see a lot of American shows. Is there anything else I can help with?
I haven't seen any of his shows, but I haven't seen any of his shows. Is there anything I can help you with?
Inception is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he also starred in The Virgin Queen. Have you seen it?
Yup, it is a Thriller/Drama. It was released in 2005.
Ok, I will add it now.
Rob Reiner is an actor and a screenwriter. He was born in New York City.
Sure, Rob Reiner also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Rob Reiner produced the movie When Harry Met Sally. He also produced the movie X-Men 2. Have you seen it?
You're welcome.
Jamie Ford has written a lot of books. He has written a lot of books. He also wrote Xenocide. Have you read that one?
They were released in 2005 and are fiction.
You're very welcome!
I don't know much about her, but she's a great singer. Did you know she starred in X-Men 2?
She's a great actress. She's been in a lot of movies. She's been in a lot of movies. She's been in a lot of movies. She's been in a lot of movies. She's been a lot of time.
She's a great actress. She's a great actress. She's been in a lot of movies. She's been in a lot of movies.
Michael Parks starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Yes, they did win the World Series.
I am not a baseball fan but I do know that the Red Sox won the World Series this year
The Boston Red Sox won the World Series this year. The Red Sox won the World Series this year.
I don't know much about Tiger Woods, but I do know he is a basketball player from the United States.
I don't have that information, but I do know that Tiger Woods is an American professional golfer who won the 2012 PGA Championship.
Yes, he lost to Phil Mickelson.
Sure, Hurt Locker starred in The Hurt Locker. It is a Sci-Fi movie.
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Hurt Locker. Have you seen it?
The Heart Is Deceitful Above All Things is a Sci-Fi movie starring Tom Hanks and Kevin Spacey.
Sure, add them to your watch list.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by the Dallas Cowboys.
Yes they moved to Arizona from New York City.
I don't know much about college, but I do know they are in the National Football League.
Isn't he a midfielder for the Brazil national football team?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he's a midfielder for Manchester City.
I like soccer. I'm more of a soccer fan, but I don't know much about soccer.
It is written by Gabriel Garcia Marquez and released in 1985.
Sure, Debora Smith also wrote . . .
Yes, it is written in English.
Sure! Along Came a Spider was written by John Scalzi. Do you like his work?
Yes, The 9th Judgment is a suspense / thriller.
The 9th Judgment was written by J.K. Rowling. Would you like to read it?
You're very welcome!
Yes, Atonement is a Thriller. It was written by Robert Downey Jr. and is a thriller.
Sure, you might also enjoy The Last Man in the Water, which is also a Romance Film.
Yes, it was written by Ernest Hemingway. It's a Romance Film.
Bob Peck is a writer and a politician. He was born in New York City. Do you like his work?
He also starred in the movie The Fault in Our Stars, which is a horror film.
Bob Peck starred in the movie The Fault in Our Stars, which is a horror film.
You're very welcome!
Snow Flower and the Secret Fan is a book written by the same author as Snow Flower and the Secret Fan. Have you read it?
The Lady in the Lake is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
Great, I think you'll enjoy it!
Isn't he a cricket player from India?
Yes, she was in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet is written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
Yes, Romeo and Juliet is a great book. Have you read it?
Yes, she did. She was also a writer and a screenwriter.
Sure, Sense and Sensibility is a book similar to Sense and Sensibility. Would you like to read it?
Yes, Jane Austen wrote Sense and Sensibility. Have you read it?
Isn't he a soccer player?
Yes, Anna Kournikova is a great actress. Did you know she also starred in Apocalypto?
Yes, he is a great singer. Do you like his music? I think you'll enjoy it.
The Aviator is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like thrillers?
Leonardo DiCaprio also starred in The Aviator.
Yes he did. He also starred in The Aviator.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Spike Lee directed The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it?
Jennifer Esposito is in Summer of Sam. Jennifer Esposito also starred in the movie. Have you seen it?
You're very welcome!
Elizabeth Kostova wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of a Woman. Have you read either of those?
The Swan Thieves is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
The Historian is a drama and was released in 2010
Sure, I will send it to you.
Justin Rose is an athlete that plays golf. He was born in London.
i don't know much about golf, but I do know he is an athlete. do you like him?
i don't know much about her, but she is a great tennis player. do you like tennis?
I don't know much about baseball, but I do know that he is a tennis player.
i have never been to a boxing event. what about you?
Aaron Rodgers is a great boxer.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver.
Georgia Dome is the main player for the Atlanta Falcons.
I like the Patriots and the Patriots. Do you like them?
Marion Wiesel wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign and Un di Velt Hot Geshvign
Sure, Un di Velt Hot Geshvign was written by Marion Wiesel. It is a speculative fiction novel.
That's a great book. Did you know it was released in 1958?
Ethan Suplee is a great actor. He starred in a lot of movies. He also starred in X-Men: Apocalyptic fiction.
Vulgar is a Thriller. Do you like his acting?
Yes, William Lee Scott starred in The Butterfly Effect. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
They are a great band. Do you like them because they are a rock band?
Yes, Gwyneth Paltrow is still with Gwyneth Paltrow.
I'm not sure if it's touring but if you haven't heard it, I would recommend it.
You're very welcome!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Tom Brady.
Yes, they won the NFL Offensive Player of the Year Award.
Yes, they are playing the Red Skins today. I think they are doing well this year.
I don't know much about Walter Payton, but I do know he won the award for Best Player of the Year award
Terry George directed The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it?
Terry George also starred in X-Men: Apocalyptic fiction.
It's a drama. Do you like drama?
You're welcome!
Sure! Beatrix Potter wrote The Secret History of a Thousand Splendid Suns. Have you read that one?
I don't have that information, but I do know it was released in 2001.
I'm not sure, but I do know that Beatrix potter is a writer and a writer.
You're welcome!
X-Men Origins: Wolverine was written by William Shakespeare. Do you like him?
He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen it?
Turbo is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help with?
I don't have that information. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Alice in Wonderland was written by Robert Downey Jr.
Lewis Carroll wrote Alice in Wonderland. What else can I do for you today?
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
You're very welcome!
Sure! Do you like the Incredibles because it's a thriller?
The Incredibles is a great family friendly movie. Do you like children's movies?
John Ratzenberger also starred in The Incredibles. Have you seen it?
Isn't he a basketball player for the Seattle Seahawks?
I don't know much about Cricket, but I don't know much about it. I'm more of a baseball fan myself.
I'm not a big fan of the Patriots. I'm a big fan of the Patriots.
I'm more of a baseball fan. I like the Dallas Cowboys. I'm more of a Patriots fan.
I'm not a baseball fan, but I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm a big fan of the Patriots.
Yes, Fight Club is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
Yes, she is a great singer. Did you know she starred in X-Men 2?
That's a great song. Did you know she was also a singer and songwriter?
Yes, she has a great voice. She has a great voice.
That's a good one. I'm more of a rock fan myself, but I prefer rock.
Sure, Hot Fuzz is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Thrillers?
Do you like Shooter because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
If you like thrillers, you might also enjoy The Last Crusade. Have you seen that one?
Sure, The Rum Diary is starring Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks.
You're very welcome!
Isn't he a golfer from Dallas?
Yes, he's a great golfer. He was born in Dallas.
No, I haven't. I'm a huge fan of golf. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Serenity is starring Robert Downey Jr., and Tom Hanks.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Yes, Cloverfield is a Sci-Fi movie. It's a great action film.
You're very welcome!
Sure, he is a writer and a director. He starred in Xenocide. Have you seen it?
Yes, Quinton Aaron was in that movie as well as Quinton Aaron.
Isn't Maroon 5 a basketball team?
Do you like them because they are a great team?
That's a great song. Did you know Maroon 5 was influenced by Maroon 5?
Yes, he's a great actor. He was born in New York City. He was also a musician.
I don't know much about Diana Ross, but I do know he was in The Wiz and The Wiz.
That's a good one. I'll have to check it out.
Sergio Agüero plays for the Manchester United F.C.
I don't know much about Manchester City, but I do know that he plays for the Manchester City team.
Yes, I like Manuel Pellegrini and Mark Hughes. He is a great player.
Shrek is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Do you like the movie because it's a thriller?
Day After Tomorrow is starring Robert Downey Jr., who also starred in X-Men 2.
You're welcome.
Sure, Lea Thompson starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
The Wild Life is starring Tom Hanks and Lea Thompson.
Randy Quaid starred in The Wild Life and The Little Rascals.
Becca Fitzpatrick is a writer and author. She wrote a book called The Great Gatsby. Have you read it?
She also wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Dr. Seuss.
Hush Hush has genre Young adult fiction
You're welcome
It was directed by Stephen King. Do you like his movies?
David Silverman also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
I'm not sure who starred in Monsters Inc. It was directed by David Silverman.
You're welcome!
Yes, Gore Verbinski starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Rango is a Thriller. It was released in 2005.
Yes, Rango is an action film. Do you like action films?
You're very welcome!
Sure, do you like 21 Jump Street because it's a thriller?
Ride along is starring Tom Hanks. It's a great movie.
You're very welcome!
Sure, you might also enjoy The Incredible Hulk or The Incredible Hulk.
Yes, Nancy Bond wrote A Little Princess and A Little Princess. Have you read them?
The Tale of the Body Thief is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Vampire Chronicles is a great one! It's a great book.
Sure, The Hunger Games was written by John Scalzi. Would you like to know more about this book?
The Passage was released in 2001.
You're very welcome!
She wrote Mansfield Park and Mansfield Park.
Mansfield Park is a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy?
Yes, it's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
I'm not sure, but I think you might enjoy the book Mansfield Park.
I haven't seen it, but I think it's a great movie.
Victor Hugo is a writer and a politician. He wrote The Last Crusade. Have you read it?
The Hunchback of Notre Dame is a fantasy novel.
You're very welcome!
Sure, Isabelle Nanty starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie. Have you seen those?
Sure, Amelie is a sci-fi movie. It was released in 2001.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Luke Bryan is a great singer. He has a lot of songs. He has a lot of songs. Is he a singer, songwriter, and songwriter?
Yes, he is from Leesburg. He was born in Leesburg.
I don't know, but I do know he is a singer and songwriter.
Marlon Brando is a great actor. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
He's a great actor. He was also in The Young Lions, The Young Lions, and The Wild One.
The Young Lions is a drama. He also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Isn't he a basketball player? Isn't he a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks?
I don't know much about basketball but I do know he is a basketball player. Do you like him?
Yes he did win the NBA All-Rookie Team
Yes, he won the NBA All-Rookie Award
Mervryn Peake is a writer and a writer. He wrote The Secret Life and Life of Pi. Have you read any of those?
Yes, it was. It was released in 2001.
Vladimir Nabokov also wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
Sure, Luigi Pistilli has starred in a lot of movies. He was also a director for the movie The Last Jedi. Have you seen it?
Robert Downey Jr. also starred in Machine Gun McCain.
Yes, she was also in The Notebook
You're welcome!
Sure! Do you like it because it's a comedy or because it's a comedy?
Yes, Zoe Kravitz starred in Yelling to the Sky, which is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Marc John Jefferies also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Yes, it was sent to you now.
Yes, Gabourey Sidibe also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Sure! Do you like the Dark Knight because it's a thriller?
Sure, you might also like The Dark Knight Rises, The Dark Knight Rises and The Dark Knight.
Thrillers are a couple of the most popular ones in the genre.
Starsky & Hutch is a blockbuster and it won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, L.M Montgomery wrote The Secret History of a Young-adult fiction book called The Little Prince. Have you read it?
The Blue Castle was released in 2001.
That was a great one. It was released in 1926.
Sure, Christopher Meloni starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Then you might also enjoy The Last Samurai. It's a romance film.
Robert Downey Jr. is in that movie as well.
You're very welcome!
The Shawshank Redemption was written by Stephen King. Do you like him?
Yes, he did write King Kong with Peter Jackson. Have you seen it?
King Kong is a horror movie. You might also like The Hunger Games. It's a horror movie.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
David Guetta is a singer-songwriter and a musician. He was born in New York City.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a musician and songwriter. He is a great artist.
David Guetta is a great artist. He is also a musician and songwriter.
Micheal Jackson is a great singer and songwriter. He is a great singer.
Sure, The Interview is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Alone With Her is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Do you like Knocked Up because it's a thriller?
Funny People was released in 2005.
Funny People is starring Eminem and Ray Romano. It's a comedy.
You're very welcome!
Paul Pogba is a midfielder for the New England Patriots. Do you like him?
Yes, they were the runner ups in the 1976 FA Cup.
I like American Football. Is there anything I can help with?
I don't know much about Ryan Griggs, but I do know he is a coach for the Seattle Seahawks.
Isn't he a singer-songwriter?
She Hate Me is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he did direct that movie. He also directed X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Sue Monk Kidd is a writer. She wrote a book called The Great Gatsby. Have you heard of it?
I don't know, but Carl Jung is a writer and a politician.
Yes, he is from the United States.
Barbara Kingsolver starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
The Poisonwood Bible is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Zoe's Tale is a drama. It was released in 2001 and is a drama.
You're very welcome!
I don't know much about her music but I do know she is a singer-songwriter.
Yes, he did star in Larry Crowne with Tom Hanks.
Yes, Ashton Kutcher and Tommy Chong also starred in That 70's Show.
Dead to the World is a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy books?
Yes, Dead to the World is a mystery book. Do you like that genre?
It's a Speculative fiction. It was released in 2005.
You're very welcome!
Quantum of Solace is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Skyfall is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Skyfall is starring Tom Hanks and Kevin Spacey
Great, enjoy!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they won the Super Bowl XLIII.
I think Mike Zimmer is doing a good job with the Minnesota Vikings.
Yes, they were in the Super Bowl XXXXVIII and XXXVIII
Yes, The Usual Suspects is written by John Scalzi. Do you like his work?
I haven't seen it, but I do like thrillers. Do you like thrillers?
I haven't seen Unfinished Business, but I haven't seen it yet.
I haven't seen it but I haven't seen it yet.
I like a lot of rock bands, but I like a lot of different genres. I'm more of a rock band.
Yes, Zipper was released in 2015. Do you like rock?
Yes, it was written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King books?
Yes, The King of Attolia is a Young-adult fiction book. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
The original TRON Legacy was written by Rick Riordan. Do you like his work?
Olivia Wilde also starred in Year One.
Working Girl is a great movie. Did you know it was written by John Scalzi?
You're welcome!
Frank McCourt is a writer and a director. He was born in New York City. Do you like his work?
I don't know much about the team, but Angela's Ashes is also a businessman.
That's a good one. I'll have to check it out.
You're very welcome!
Sure, do you like it because it's a crime fiction?
Channing Tatum also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
21 Jump Street was released in 2001.
You're very welcome!
Yes, it's a great movie. Do you like it because it's a fantasy movie?
Yes, she has a great voice. Did you know she also starred in X-Men Origins?
Yes she did. She also starred in Zoolander. Have you seen that one?
Yes, she is a great actress. She also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Yes, Mac Miller is a great actress. She was also in the TV show The Princess Diaries
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
The Hobbit: There and Back Again was released in 2001.
The next book is The Hobbit: The Hobbit: There and Back Again: The Hobbit: The Hobbit: The Hobbit: The Hobbit: The Hobbit: The Hobbit: The Hobbit: The Hobbit: The Hobbit: The Hobbit: The Hobbit: The Hobbit: The Hobbit: The Hobbit: The Hobbit: The Hobbit: The Hobbit: The Hobbit: The Hobbit: The Hobbit: The Hobbit: The Hobbit: The Hobbit: The Hobbit:
Sure, The Rock was directed by Michael Bay and released in 1996. Have you seen it?
Shark Night is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, that was a great movie. David Moore also starred in The House Bunny. Have you seen it?
Yes, he is a basketball player from the United States of America. Do you like basketball?
Yes, I am a huge fan of the Seattle Seahawks.
Yes, he plays for the Colombia national football team
The Matrix is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Matrix Revisited is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
You're welcome!
Sure! Harold Ramis directed The Last Stand which is a thriller. Have you seen it?
Groundhog Day is starring Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks. It is a comedy.
Yes, Groundhog Day is a romantic comedy film. Do you like romantic comedies?
Sure, Chiaki Kuriyama starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
The Sky Crawlers was released in 2005.
The Sky Crawlers is starring Robert Downey Jr. and Kuriyama.
The Great Yokai War also starred Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks.
Sure, I'll play it for you now.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz was written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
W.W. Denlow also wrote The Wonderful Wizard of Oz, which is a fantasy film.
You're very welcome!
I haven't heard any of her songs, but I have heard some of her songs. She's a great singer. Do you like her?
No, I haven't heard it, but I do enjoy her music.
Yes, she's from Nashville. She's a great singer.
Truman Capote's In Cold Blood was written by John Scalzi. Do you like his work?
Breakfast at Tiffany's is starring Robert Downey Jr.
Audrey Hepburn starred in Breakfast at Tiffany's, have you seen it?
Yes, Steve Jobs grew up in the United States of America. He was a writer and a politician.
SteveJobs starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past, and X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen those?
It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're very welcome!
I hope you enjoy it!
Guy Kawasaki also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
He also wrote The Art of the Start. Have you seen this movie?
Jeff Kinney is a writer and a director. He wrote The Secret Life and Life of Pi. Have you heard of those?
Jeff Kinney also wrote The Ugly Truth Now.
The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary was released in 2005
You're welcome
I don't know much about him, but I know he is a basketball player from the United States.
I don't know any other point guards, but he is a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks.
I don't know much about them, but I know Larry Bird is a point guard for the NBA.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver.
I don't know much about baseball, but I do know they are owned by Terry Collins.
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. What about you?
I don't know much about him, but I know he is a soccer player.
Yes, he's a forward for the Mexico national football team. I think he's good.
That's a great movie. I'm a huge fan of his. I'm a huge fan of his.
Sure, Stephen Sommers directed The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it?
The Mummy Returns is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Mummy Returns was directed by Stephen Sommers. It's a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy?
Well, The Hills Have Eyes is a fantasy movie. It's also a fantasy movie.
You're very welcome!
Sure, Trainspotting is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
That is a great movie! Shirley Henderson also starred in Indies. Have you seen it?
Yes, Memento is a great movie. You might also enjoy The Invisible Man or The Invisible Man. Have you seen those?
Yes, it's a great movie. It was written by Robert Downey Jr. and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Last Samurai is a great action movie. If you like action movies, you might also enjoy The Last Samurai. Have you seen it?
Pound of Flesh is starring Tom Cruise and Tom Cruise. Do you like action movies?
You're welcome!
Sure, P.C. Cast wrote The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby. Have you read those?
Tempted is a young adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes, Wicked Lovely is in the first three in the series.
Yes, Wicked Lovely is part of a series of books in the series. Have you read them?
You're very welcome!
Sure, For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King books?
Islands in the Stream is a Romance novel.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information but I can tell you it was written by Ernest Hemingway
You're very welcome!
I don't know much about them, but I know they are owned by Tom Brady. Do you like them?
I don't think they will play in Super Bowl XLIII.
I don't know much about his wife's name, but he was born in New England. He was born in New England.
The Town is a great movie. Do you like it because it is a thriller?
Peter Craig also starred in The Town
Eli Craig directed The Town
I hope you enjoy it!
Do you like WALL-E because it's a thriller?
X-Men 2 and X-Men 2 are good ones.
War of the Worlds is starring Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks.
Steven Spielberg also directed X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
I think Katy Perry is a great singer-songwriter. She starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
Yes, she was in Get Him to the Greek. Did you know Katy Perry was also in X-Men?
Yes, Russel Brand is in Get Him to the Greek. He also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Yes, we're Millers is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
No, I haven't seen that movie. Did you know he also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past?
Yes, he was in Magic Mike. Have you seen that one?
Yes, The Devil Wears Prada was written by John Scalzi and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure, The Devil Wears Prada is a comedy film starring Robert Downey Jr.
Yes, it is a great movie. I highly recommend it.
You're very welcome!
Sure, he starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
X-Men: Days of Future Past is a science fiction film.
X-Men: Days of Future Past is a fantasy movie. The Station Agent is a fantasy movie. Have you seen it?
The main lead in Aah Hunger Games is Robert Downey Jr. as the main lead.
You're very welcome!
Yes, Thomas E Connolly starred in Xenocide which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, the Scarlet Letter was written by Thomas E Connolly. It's part of a series.
You're very welcome!
Yes, it's a great movie. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Sean Penn was a writer and a screenwriter. He was also a writer.
You're very welcome!
Yes, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
Yes, Johnny Depp also starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
You're very welcome!
Robin Hobb is a writer and author. Do you like the author because he is a writer?
Robin Hobb is a writer and a writer. He also wrote The Last Jedi and The Last Jedi. Have you read either of those?
Sure! Ship of Magic is a fantasy book. Do you like Fantasy books?
You're very welcome!
Yes, Oscar Wilde wrote The Great Gatsby. Have you seen it?
Yes, it's a historical fiction novel. Do you like historical fiction novels?
Wideacre was released in 2004 and is a fantasy novel.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Throne of Glass is written by Sarah J Maas and released in 2012.
Yes, it was directed by Sarah J Maas. Do you like science fiction?
Sarah J Maas also wrote Throne of Glass which is a science fiction movie
You're welcome!
Sure! Jennifer Ehle starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Yes, it was written by Mark Boal.
Yes, Jessica Chastain is a great actress. She also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Isn't he a soccer player? I don't know much about him. Do you like soccer?
I don't know much about him, but I know he is a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
Shakira is from Columbia. Do you like her?
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, it is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
You're very welcome!
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like the Broncos?
I'm more of a baseball fan. I'm more of a fan of the Dallas Cowboys. What about you?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by the Dallas Cowboys.
I don't follow soccer much, but I do know he is a soccer player from the United States.
I like American Football, but I don't know much about soccer but I do know that Paul Pogba plays for the United F.C. and the United F.C.
Yes, he was a midfielder for the Seattle Seahawks.
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People is a science fiction book. Do you like science fiction books?
Stephen R. Covery also wrote The Seven Habits of Highly Effective People
I don't have anything else released that year.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, Pacific Rim is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
Charlie and the Choocolate Factory is a great family movie. Do you like family movies?
Yes, he was in Pirates of the Caribbean: At the World's End. Have you seen it?
Yes he did. He also starred in X-Men: Apocalypse Now.
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest was written by Robert Downey Jr.
Milo Forman also directed Man on the Moon which is a drama. Have you seen it?
You might also enjoy The Last Crusade or The Last Crusade. Have you seen those?
You might also enjoy The Great Gatsby or The Great Gatsby. Have you seen those?
You're very welcome!
Yes, Lauren Oliver is an author who wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Pi. Have you read any of those?
Vanishing Girls is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Isn't he a singer? I like him. He was in X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Yes, he did play the Tambourine. It was released in 1999.
Yes, he is also a member of the Velvet Underground.
Kyrie Irving is a basketball player for the Seattle Seahawks.
Yes, he won the NBA All-Star Game of the Year award.
Yes, he was born in New York City.
Do you like The Island because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Well, if you like sci-fi, you might also enjoy X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Moby Dick is a great movie. It stars Robert Downey Jr., and Robert Downey Jr.
You're very welcome!
Christian Bale is a great actor. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was also in a thriller called The Assassin's Blade.
The Prestige was released in 2006 and is a Thriller.
You're welcome!
Yes, The Red Pyramid was written by John Scalzi and it's a thriller.
The Looking Glass Wars is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
You are very welcome
Sergio Aguero is a midfielder for the Uruguay national football team. Do you like him?
I don't know much about American football but I do know that Sergio Aguero plays for the Argentina national football team.
I like the Dallas Cowboys and the Dallas Cowboys.
Sure, Sean Barrett wrote The Secret History of a Young-adult fiction book called The Little Prince. Have you read that one?
Yes, it is in English.
Yes, Waiting for the Barbarians was written by Sean Barrett and was released in 1980.
Haaaa! Haaaaa is a great book. It was released in 1980.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by the Dallas Cowboys.
I like basketball. I'm more of a basketball fan. I'm more of a basketball fan.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by the New York Knicks.
Sure, Voltaire has written a number of books, including The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Pi. Have you heard of those?
I don't have that information but I do know it was released in 2005.
Do you like the genre musical theater?
You're welcome!
Winnie the Pooh is a classic children's book. Do you like children's books?
Yes, he also wrote The House at Pooh Corner and The Tao of Pooh.
You're very welcome!
Isn't he a soccer player for Manchester United F.C.
Yes, he is a soccer player for Liverpool
Is there anything else I can help with?
Real Madrid C.F. is a soccer team owned by Jose Mourinho. Do you like soccer?
Real Madrid C.F. is a soccer team in Spain.
I'm not a big fan of football, but I do enjoy watching the game.
Divergent is a speculative fiction book. Do you like those genres?
Then you might also enjoy The Last Samurai. It's a fantasy book.
You're very welcome!
Pulp Fiction is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
John Travolta also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Sure, I'll add it now. Enjoy!
Yes, Carlos Ruiz Zafón is a Brazilian professional soccer player who plays for FC Barcelona.
Marina is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
Yes, he also wrote Xenocide. Have you read it?
I don't have that information but I can tell you it was written in Spanish.
Yes, it does have a English version.
You're welcome.
I don't know much about baseball, but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are a good team in the AFC West.
I don't know much, but I do know that Fred Wilpon is a coach for the New York Mets.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver.
Yes, I like the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like them?
I don't know much about him, but I know he is a quarterback for the Seattle Seahawks
Tuesdays with Morrie is a thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Patricia Cornwell is a great actress. She starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
Cops is a fiction book. Do you like fiction books?
Yes, Gone, Baby, Gone is a great movie.
Yes, Dennis Lahane is also a writer and a writer.
Sure! Do you like Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented?
Thomas Hardy is a writer and a writer. He wrote a lot of books. He also wrote The Thrillers of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully.
The Woodlanders was released in 1891, and it was released in 1891.
The Return of the Native was released in 1891. It was released in 1891.
Sure, Jamel Debbouze starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Jamel also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
You're very welcome!
Sure, Isabelle Nanty starred in Les Visiteurs and Amélie. Have you seen those?
I don't have that information, but Isabelle Nanty also starred in Les Visiteurs. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is an English film.
I'll add it now.
Yes, he's a great golfer. He's a great player. He's a great player. He's a great player.
No, I haven't, but I do know he is from Ireland.
Yes, he's from Northern Ireland. He's also from the United Kingdom.
Sure, Tron: Legacy is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
The Island of Dr. Moreau is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
The Island of Dr. Moreau is also a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Great, enjoy the movie!
District 9 is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Then you might like The Spanish Prisoner or The Neon Demo. Both are thrillers.
The Spanish Prisoner is a thriller. The Neon Demo is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're very welcome!
Isn't she a singer? I like her music. Is she a singer?
Yes, Jar of Hearts won the BNC Award for Best Album of the Year award.
I'm more of a rock fan. My favorite song is Rhythm and Blues. Have you heard it?
I'm not sure, but I do know they were released in 2011.
Yes, Dragonfly in Amber is written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
Sure! She also wrote Xenocide which is a speculative fiction.
Yes, Edward Jones also wrote The Expendables and The Expendables. Have you read those?
You're very welcome!
Sure! Todd Phillips wrote The Last Stand and The Last Stand. Have you read either of those?
Todd Phillips also wrote The Hangover Part II
Old School is a comedy. I hope you enjoy it.
Kyrie Ivring is a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
Yes, Nightingale is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
It's a great book! It's a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Yes, she did. I hope you enjoy it!
You're very welcome!
Benjamin Martinez wrote II Principe. Have you read it?
Yes he did. He also wrote Xenocide
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Have a great day
Sure, Up is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. It is a Thriller.
Brenda Chapman wrote Up. Have you seen it?
Brave is a Thriller.
Brave is a family movie starring Craig Ferguson. You might also like X-Men 2.
You're very welcome!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Tom Brady. Do you like them?
I don't know who was the runner up for that year
Hardaway was drafted by the New York Knicks
Yes, he is a better player
The Gunslinger was written by Stephen King and released in 1982. Do you like Stephen King books?
Mr. Mercedes was released in 2005.
You're very welcome!
Do you like Fight Club because it's a thriller?
Zodiac is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Zodiac was produced by Steven Spielberg. Do you like his work?
I don't know much about the Cleveland Browns but I do know they are owned by Tom Brady.
I'm not a big fan of the Dallas Cowboys, but I do like the Dallas Cowboys.
Yes, he owns the Seattle Seahawks. Do you like them?
That's right. I'm a huge fan of the Browns. I'm not too familiar with them.
Jay Rubin starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
He also wrote X-Men: Days of Future Past
I don't have that information, but I do know he also wrote X-Men 2
Yes, he also wrote Xenocide
You're welcome
Sure, Tuesdays with Morrie was written by Jane Austen and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Tuesdays with Morrie is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure! Saulius Dagys wrote Tuesdays with Morrie, which is a Speculative fiction book.
You're very welcome!
Transformers: Dark of the Moon is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Predators is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Captain America: The Winter Soldier is a Sci-Fi movie, have you seen it?
Insurgent is a sci-fi movie starring Tom Hanks. It's a great movie.
You're very welcome!
I haven't read it, but I know it was written by John Scalzi. Do you like his books?
Sure. You might also like The Last Man in the Woods.
Christopher Bigsby also wrote The Crucible. Have you read it?
You're very welcome.
Nathan Lane starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
That's a great movie! Topher Grace also starred in The Nutcracker in 3D.
Yes, she was in Too Big to Fail.
Yes, he was in Too Big to Fail.
William Hurt also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Yes, F. Murray Abraham is a great actor. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that movie?
Scarface and Last Action Hero are both crime genres. Do you like those genres?
Sure! Do you like science fiction?
Avengers: Age of Ultron is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes, it is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
You're welcome.
Isn't he a basketball player? Isn't he a point guard for the Chicago Bears?
I don't know much about soccer, but I do know he is a basketball player and he plays for the New England Patriots.
I don't know much about the NFL, but I like the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like them?
I don't know much, but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver.
I don't know much about the Seahawks, but I do know they are owned by the Seattle Seahawks.
I like the Patriots, but I don't know much about them.
Yes, Outlander is written by John Scalzi. It is a speculative fiction book.
Diana Gabaldon wrote Outlander and it is a sci-fi action story. Do you like sci-fi?
Sure! If you like Sci-Fi, you might also enjoy The Last Stand or The Last Crusade.
You're very welcome!
Yes, I have read To Kill a Mockingbird. It was written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King?
Yes, To Kill a Mockingbird is written by John Scalzi. It is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
You might also enjoy The Last Stand or The Great Gatsby
You're welcome.
I don't know much about them but I know they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like them?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by Louis van Gaal.
Terry Venables also played for the Manchester United F.C. team.
Sure! One for the Money was written by John Scalzi. Would you like to know more about this book?
Princess Diaries was written by John Scalzi.
Yes, it was written by Meg Cabot
Yes, it is part of the series
You're welcome
Sure, Inside Out is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. It was released in 1999.
She also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
This is the End is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I hope you enjoy it!
Great, enjoy!
Jeff Garlin starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
Yes, Sarah Silverman has starred in a television show called The Last Stand, which is a TV show.
She has starred in a lot of movies. She has been in a lot of movies. She has been in a lot of movies. She also starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
Ron Howard starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Ron Howard directed a series of action movies. He also directed X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
Well, if you like that one, you might also enjoy X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Yes, Robin Hood was directed by Ron Howard. Would you like to know more about his movies?
Mr. & Mrs Smith is a great movie. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
Brad Pitt also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Donnie Darko is a Thriller. Donnie Darko is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he did write Box. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure, you might also enjoy the movie X-Men Origins: Apocalypse.
You're very welcome!
Throne of Glass is a great book. Do you like books written by Stephen King?
Tower of Dawn is a Thriller. Do you like those genres?
You might also enjoy The Throne of Glass which is a great book.
Sure, do you like it because it's a crime fiction movie?
Gothika is a crime fiction movie starring Robert Downey Jr.. It was released in 2001. It's a thriller.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, she wrote Go Ask Alice and Go Ask Alice.
Yes, it is a drama. Do you like dramas?
You're very welcome!
Sure! Do you like the Proposal because it's a thriller?
Sandra Bullock also starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
It's a drama. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome!
I haven't read it, but I know it was written by Stephen King. Are you a fan?
John Green also wrote Paper Towns which is a young adult fiction book.
It's a young adult fiction book. It's part of a series.
You're welcome!
Sure, Outlander is a speculative fiction book. Do you like speculative fiction?
Brave New World was released in 2005.
Brave New World is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
Eleanor & Park was written by Rainbow Rowell and released in 2013.
Stephanie Parkins wrote My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories and Landline.
These books are fiction and fiction
You're welcome!
Yes, Rich Moore is a writer and a director. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen it?
Yes, John C.Reilly starred in Wreck-it Ralph. Have you seen it?
He also starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Isn't she a tennis player? Isn't she a tennis player?
I like Serena. She's a great tennis player. She's a great tennis player.
I'm not sure, but I do know that Serena is a tennis player from the United States.
Sure, Zach Snyder starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Sure, Zach Snyder starred in the thriller Sucker Punch. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Watchmen is a comedy. Do you like comedy movies?
Sure, Watchmen is a great movie. You might also like The Thriller or The Assassin's Blade.
Libba Bray is a writer and a writer. She wrote The Secret Life and The Secret Life of Bees. Have you read those?
Then you might also enjoy The Last Samurai. It's a fantasy book.
Yes, The Sweet Far Thing series is a series. Do you like children's literature?
Yes, I would recommend Xenocide, Xenocide, and Xenocide. Have you read those?
You're very welcome!
Rebecca was written by J.R. Tolkien
My Cousin Rachel is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
I don't have that information, but I do know Daphne du Maurier starred in the movie.
You're very welcome!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by the Denver Broncos.
Case Keenum is an American professional footballer who was born in Denver, Colorado.
I don't know much about their coach, but I don't know much about their coach.
I like basketball. I'm a basketball fan.
He's a great basketball player. He's a great player.
Andrés Iniesta is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for the Spain national football team.
Andrés Iniesta is a player on the Spain national football team. He plays for the Spain national football team.
Yes, Santiago Bernabéu Stadium is their home stadium.
Sure, Wrinkle in Time is written by J.R. Tolkien. Do you like it because it's science fiction?
A Wind in the Door is a science fiction book that is similar to Wrinkle in Time.
That's a great one. Then you might also like A Wind in the Door, which is a science fiction book.
Yes it was written by Robert O'Brien.
Yes, he is a great singer. Do you like his music?
He is a great singer and songwriter. Do you like his music?
No, I haven't heard that one yet. Did you know he also starred in X-Men?
Sure, Jules Feiffer wrote The Great Gatsby. Have you read it?
The Phantom Tollbooth is a Thriller. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome!
You're very welcome!
I know he is a quarterback and he is a quarterback. Do you like him?
I don't know much about the Wildcats, but I do know they are owned by Wayne Weaver. Do you like them?
Yes, Woody Harrelson is a great actor. He also starred in X-Men Origins.
Yes, Jean-Pierre Jeunet wrote The Virgin Suicides and The Virgin Suicides. Have you read those?
Micmacs is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Zulu is starring Robert Downey Jr. and John Scalzi.
You're very welcome!
Thirteen Reasons is written by Jay Asher and released in 2007
Jay Asher also wrote Thirteen Reasons. Have you read that one?
I haven't read any of his books but I think he will enjoy them both.
It was released in 2007.
Sure, it was written by Emma Stone. It's a young-adult fiction book.
Jane Austen also wrote 'Emma' which is a romance novel. Have you read it?
I'm not sure, but I do know she was born in London.
You're very welcome!
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Michael Clayton is a mystery movie. Do you like mystery movies?
Sure, The Red Violin was released in 1999 and stars Tom Hanks.
Sure, added to watch list.
