Sure, do you like action movies?
It was, I enjoyed it, as well as a few other action movies like The Jungle Book 2 and Aftermath Sense.
Do you like Death Wish because it's a psychological thriller?
The Hitman's Bodyguard is a historical period drama. Do you like action movies?
I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, M.L Stedman has written many books including The Light Between Oceans and The Light Between Oceans.
She wrote The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian. Do you want a list of what she has written?
It was released in 2012 and the genre is cartoonist
You're welcome
There's Something About Mary stars Robin Williams and was written by Tommy Lee Jones. It's a great movie.
She has been in a number of films including There's Something About Mary, There's Something About Mary, and There's Something About Mary.
Did you know she also starred in The Women of Brewster Place.
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her books?
no, she also wrote What Happened to the Sun. have you read it?
that is correct. do you like her?
you are welcome. Hope you enjoy them.
Don Cheadle starred in The Guard. Have you seen it?
It's Crime Fiction. Do you like Crime Fiction?
It stars Don Cheadle, Don Cheadle, Liam Neeson, and Don Cheadle. It's a comedy as well as Don Cheadle.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
He plays cricket and was born in Chennai
He plays for the Mumbai Indians and is a midfielder.
I believe he plays for the Mumbai Indians, but I don't know any other players
Mike Newell directed Pushing Tin and Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time.
Pushing Tin is written by Robert A. Heinlein, and was released in 1988.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Okay, enjoy!
I think he is a good basketball player but he's from San Francisco. Are you a fan of him?
No, I don't know him. Is he a basketball player?
Yeah, I heard he is a good player. I don't really follow football. What sport do you like?
Oh wow. I guess he is a good player. I'm not a huge sports fan but if I had to pick a match from time to time. He's a great player.
I like victoria azarenka. She has a lot of good players.
Hot Fuzz is a black comedy starring Jim Carrey.
Yes, you are correct! He also starred in Hot Fuzz. Have you seen that one?
It was released in 2004 and is a film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Frank Finlay starred in Count Dracula and Count Dracula.
You might enjoy Beautiful Creatures by J.R.R Tolkien or Under the Never Sky.
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
The Game is a thriller and stars Morgan Freeman. Do you like thrillers?
I love thrillers. If you like thrillers, you should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
Will do. Enjoy!
Added.
If you like that Mc directed, you should check out We Are Married.
It was written by Meg Cabot. Would you like to hear more?
Robert De Niro is starring in this movie.
Here is a few recommendations for you.
Yes, it is a Horror film as well as Thriller and Mystery.
You're welcome
Sure, it was written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
It was also released in 1989. Have a wonderful day.
You're welcome.
He directed The Hunt for Red October which is starring Tommy Lee Jones. Have you seen it?
The Hunted is a Romance film. Do you like Romance films?
The Devil and Father Amorth is a horror film produced and directed by Roland Emmerich.
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like to know more about the book?
Then you might love Z for Zachariah. It was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald.
The Surgeon was written by Simon McBurney and is a science fiction. Do you like that genre?
The clockwork princess is written by Cassandra Clare. Are you looking for more by her?
She has. She also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
Enjoy!
I sure do. Unforgiven is starring Clint Eastwood. Do you like Clint Eastwood movies?
I'm not sure, but Morgan Freeman was influenced by Freddie Highmore.
Those are my favorites, I think you'll enjoy it!
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Hunger Games. It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Hunger Games which is a Young-adult fiction
You're welcome, enjoy!
Madonna was an actress. She starred in a lot of movies. Would you like to hear some of them?
It's a sci-fi film. It was released in 1996. It's a very newer film.
Yes, he did. He also starred in Snoop Dogg, which is a really funny movie.
I think he plays cricket. Is he a good player?
Yes, and he also play for the Mumbai Indians.
You are welcome
Amy Poehler wrote Yes Please. Did you know she was born in New York City?
have you read some of the suspense books?
Lorne Michaels starred in Mean Girls. what else can i do for you today?
Tina Fey has written Tina Fey. what else can i do for you today?
Are you talking about the soccer team?
I know that they play in the San Francisco 49er's, but I don't follow them.
I'm always happy to help!
Jonathan Levine directed The Wackness starring Mary Kate Olsen. It's a romantic comedy
It also stars Eddie Redmayne and Alonzo Mourning.
Yes, it was released in 2005.
You're welcome
Sure! He starred in Taken 2 and Taken 2. Have you seen those?
Taken 3 is starring Liam Megaton. He also starred in Taken 3.
Yes, Taken 3 stars Liam Megaton and Taken 3. Taken 3 stars Liam Megaton.
Enjoy!
I don't really follow football much so I do not really follow football much. I do know that they are having a good season.
I think Mike McCarthy just fired he's overrated if he did. He had a rematch.
They have a good season as well as a team
Iron Man is a Thriller starring Robert Downey Jr. and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he starred in the movie The Truman Show. Have you seen it?
Yes, did you know that he also starred in Girl with a Pearl Earring?
George Clooney also wrote A.I. Artificial Intelligence. Have you seen that one?
I hope you enjoy it.
Sure! Do you like Odd Thomas because it's a thriller?
Trunk Music is written by David Koepp. Would you like to know more about his work?
Sure. He also wrote The Witch of Blackbird Pond, which is a novel.
The Man in the High Castle is a similar movie
Have you read The Man in the High Castle or The Man in the High Castle?
Certainly!
I like him. He's a great tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I don't know much about her music, but I do know that she is married to Natalie Portman
Have you heard of Reddol and Reddair?
Of course. Something Borrowed is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, it was. 2012 was the year the book was released.
I like thrillers. You should check out Shark Night is a thriller.
You're welcome!
Judd Apatow wrote the comedy film This is 40 as well as the romance film
Groundhog Day was produced by Shel Silverstein. It's a comedy and was released in 1988.
Yes, he did. He was also in Groundhog Day. Have you seen that one?
Not that I know of, sorry! That's all I know about him.
Sure, it's a great movie. It stars Susan Sarandon
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
You're welcome!
He's a composer and lyricist. do you like him?
The Disco is a Rhythm and Blues genre
Yes, do you like them?
I like Ryan Ross, he was a great singer
There's Something About Mary is written by Bobby Farrelly and is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
They are both great movies. Did you know that Matt Dillion starred in Zoolander 2?
It is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes! How about Guernsey Literary or Potato Peel Pie Society? They are both Historical Fiction genre.
Both were released in 1974. It's a historical fiction novel. Do you like historical fiction?
You're very welcome!
Great! Have a great day!
George Orwell wrote it, and released it in 1945. Have you read it?
He also wrote the book Nineteen Eighty-Four. Have you read that one?
Yes, she is a great actress! Did you know she starred in The Color Purple?
Temple of My Familiar was released in 1989
Temple of My Familiar is a drama
Your welcome
Oldboy is a comedy/mystery movie. Would you like to know more?
Have you seen X-Men 2 or World War Z?
Aside from Oldboy, she is a star-studded actress, she was also in a thriller called Lady Vengeance.
She is a great actress. She also starred in I, Robot, which is a thriller.
You're welcome!
The Ice Storm is a great one from Ang Lee. Have you read it?
Ang Lee starred in Hollywood Chinese and Ice Storm. Have you seen either of these?
He also starred in a number of films, including X-Men: First Class, X-Men: Apocalypse Now. Have you seen it?
It is a Crime Fiction novel. It was released in 1994. It was a film that was released in 1994.
It is a Crime Fiction. Do you like Crime Fiction?
Sure, it was written by Steven Cummings, do you like sci-fi movies?
Yes there was! It was directed by Peter Buchman as well as directed by Steven Spielberg.
Yes, he directed Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom.
Rickie plays golf right?
He also plays for the Germany national football team.
I am not familiar with that movie, I know it stars Adam Sandler and Ben Stiller.
Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien?
Then you might like Catch-22 by Arthur C. Clarke. It's also fantasy.
Yes, you're right. The Silmarillion was released in 1953.
Wes Craven wrote My Soul to Take which starred Jessica Hecht.
Yes, it was a horror movie. Scream 4 is starring Joel Coen, who also starred in The Shaggy Dog.
Yes he starred in that movie, and he also starred in a movie called No Strings Attached.
The Lost World: Jurassic Park is starring Tom Cruise. Would you like to know more?
Then you might like Zombieland, Yesterday Was a Lie, and Zombieland.
If you like sci-fi, you might like Zombieland X-Men movies.
Sure. He starred in Jurassic Park III and Surviving Picasso.
Surviving Picasso is a French nationality. He also starred in X-Men 2.
Joss Ackland is a science fiction film. Do you like science fiction movies?
The Little Prince is a historical period drama.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Hes great and has a wonderful wife in Gisele
Yes, he was. He was also in that movie as well.
He was in that movie as well. It was a romantic comedy.
Die hard with a Vengeance is a crime fiction do you like this genre?
Me too! Have you seen Hudson Hawk? It's written by Robert C. O'Brien?
Yes he did. Roderick Thorp also wrote Die Hard with a Vengeance.
Yes they are! I hope you enjoy them!
Alien is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like movies starring Tom Hanks?
The first in a series of horror movies is Never Let Me Go. It's a good one. It's the first in a series of movies.
Bats was released in 2009 and stars Xander Berkeley and Liam Neeson. It's considered a vampire.
You're welcome!
He directed the science fiction film Eraserhead.
You might like Zombieland, Yesterday Was a Lie, or World War Z.
Yes, she does! She also starred in Saw III, which was released in 1983.
Certainly! Enjoy!
Braga is in the genre of Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Repo Men is starring Kevin Zegers. Kevin Zegers is a good actor
Eric Garcia is a great writer. He also wrote The Mexican if you like that movie.
Brett Helquist wrote The Vile Village, The Slippery Slope, The Reptile Room and The Vile Village. Have you read any of these?
The End has a genre of Speculative fiction and fiction
I'm sorry I don't know much about his work but I do know he is a poet
Yes, I do. Did you know he was married to Cameron Diaz?
Yes he does, and he is also a musician.
I have not, but I know it was a great movie. It was directed by Justin Timberlake.
I hope you enjoy!
Yes, he starred in Windtalkers, Tumbleweeds, and Tumbleweed.
Windtalkers is a drama. Warrior is also a drama. Have you seen it?
Windtalkers stars Michael Fassbender and Gerard Butler. It's a war film.
Glad to help. Enjoy!
He's one of the best soccer players in the world and plays for a Argentina national football team.
I don't play much football, I prefer American football. How about you?
Yes, he was a great player. The only thing I really know about him is the New York Yankees
Harry Potter and the cursed child is written by JK Rowling. It was released in 1988.
To Kill a Mockingbird and The cursed child is a fantasy movie. Both are great movies.
I'm not much of a football fan, but the Kansas City Chiefs are owned by Mike Shanahan.
I'm not sure about the colors. I'm not sure who colors are White, but the colors are White and blue.
They're in the AFC West this season. Is football your favorite team?
Sure! Eoin Colfer wrote The Phantom Tollbooth. It is a speculative fiction novel.
Yes, that's correct.
Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I think he is one of the best of my generation. Did you know he is friends with Selena Gomez?
What genres do you like?
Of course, I think you'll enjoy The Muppets and Snoop Dogg, to name a few.
You're welcome!
Kyrie Irving is a professional basketball player. He plays as a point guard for Boston.
I don't know much about basketball, but I do know they are part of the NBA.
Khaled Hosseini was the final. I'm not sure.
Yes, Christopher Nolan wrote The Dark Knight and the sequel The Dark Knight Rises.
He is a Russian author. His novel "Crime and Punishment" has genre Speculative fiction. Does that interest you?
Yes, .  was written by .
Yes. It is. It was released in 1866, which is the same year that was released.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the series The Oz books.
It's a fantasy novel, so I'd recommend The Looking Glass Wars. It's written by Frank Beddor.
I would recommend The Golden Compass. It's part of the series.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he plays for the Germany national football team.
He is a soccer player from Germany. He is a midfielder.
Yes, he is. He also played for the Mumbai Indians and the Mumbai Indians.
Yes, it was written by Francis Ford Coppola and starred Robert Duvall and is a Thriller.
Sure! A Corn of Thorns and Roses is a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy?
She wrote a book called A Corn of Thorns and Roses, which is a fantasy book.
I would recommend The Assassin and the Desert. She also wrote A Corn of Thor.
You're welcome!
He directed True Lies as well as Avatar.
That's correct. It also stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet.
Titanic was released in 2006.
You are welcome
Madame Bovary is a classic! It was written by Gustave Flaubert.
You might enjoy Welcome to Temptation, Where Rainbows End or Under the Never Sky.
It is, it's considered a romance.
She wrote The Hunger Games and Mockingjay.
I like Venus better than Venus Williams. Do you like tennis?
Did you know he was born in Sao Paulo?
Haha. Is she a good female player as well?
She is a Korean professional golfer. Do you like golf?
I believe so. Did you know she was born in Honolulu?
I agree! He's amazing. He's also a musician.
Sure, Sylvia Day wrote The One Minute Manager. Have you heard of it?
Reflected in You is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, similar novels include Seven Years to Sin and Reflected in You, have you read these?
She wrote The Year of the Flood, The Robber Bride, The Penelopiad, The Hear Goes to name a few.
The Handmaid Tale is a Speculative fiction. Do you like speculative fiction?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I do! He is a good athlete. He has starred in a lot of movies. Have you seen him in a movie?
The move Carlos is a thriller and is directed by Clint Eastwood. Do you enjoy his movies?
You're welcome. It was released in Uruguay and is a very popular film.
Sure. Do you like the book because it is a fantasy or speculative fiction?
Tahereh Mafi wrote The speculative fiction book
Yes, Zoe's Tale was also released that year.
It was written by Carolyn Kepnes and was released in 2016. It's considered a utopian fiction.
The Golden Compass and The Looking Glass Wars are both fantasy novels. Have you read those?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Wally Lamb wrote several books such as She's Come Undone and The Hour I First Believed. Do you like Fiction?
It was released in 2004. Do you like speculative fiction?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure. He directed Finding Neverland, Finding Neverland, Finding Neverland, and Finding Neverland.
They are both romance and crime fiction.
Robert De Niro is starring in Neverland.
It was released in 1994
Sure. Enjoy
you are welcome
Yes I do! He wrote A Separate Peace which is a young adult fiction novel.
It's a Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, do you like Un Lun Dun because it is a speculative fiction
Your welcome
The Waves is a good one. Have you read it?
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility.
I would suggest Witches Abroad and Witches Abroad.
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility.
Sure, do you like Young-adult fiction or Young-adult fiction?
If you like young adult fiction, you might enjoy Wildwood Dancing and Wicked Lovely.
You're welcome.
Did you enjoy Fight Club becuase it is a Thriller?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix actually has a sequel called Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince. Another title in the same genre is Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince.
Have you seen Mary Shelley's Frankenstein? It is a fantasy movie.
You're welcome.
Mindy Kaling has written a lot of books. One of them being being a writer and a television producer. Have you read that one?
It is a crime fiction novel that was released in 2005. It is the third in a trilogy. Have you read it?
It is crime fiction. Do you like those types of books?
Enjoy!
Sure. Aylmer wrote мерт  вана ли вана ли вана ли вана ли вана ли вана ли вана ли вана ли вана ли вана л  мерт
Anna Karenina is also a teacher in her language. Have you read her books?
You're welcome.
Sure! Cathereine Hardwicke wrote The Titan's Curse and The Last Colony.
That starred Mike White, Gary Oldman, and Jason Bateman.
I don't know what else she directed, but I do know that she did star in the film Snatch.
Yes, he is a soccer player from England.
He played for Manchester United F.C. and is from Orange County.
Yes, he is. I don't know much about the other players.
I liked it a lot. I think he is a good athlete. I like basketball though. How about you?
Yes, he was. He was also in the English Patient. Would you like to hear more about the movie?
I'm glad I was able to help!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure. It's written by Maria Semple. She also wrote Where'd You Go, Bernadette
She is a great actress. Did you know she also wrote That Thing You Do?
Certainly! Hope you enjoy!
Sure! Lauren Kate wrote Passion and Rapture. Have you read either of those?
Torment was released in 2010. It's a young adult fiction novel. It's considered speculative fiction.
It's a great book. Enjoy!
Lewis Carroll starred in Cars 2. He is also a musician and a model.
Yes, it's a movie starring Johnny Depp. I haven't seen any of his movies, but I do know he was in Into the Wild.
The Rum Diary is a children's movie, too. If you haven't seen it, you should check out The Rum Diary. It's hilarious.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Well, you're welcome. I'm glad I could help!
I know they are coached by David Platt. Do you like them?
David Platt, David Platt, David Platt
You're welcome, have a great day!
Lauren Oliver has written a number of books. You might enjoy A Beautiful Mind, A Beautiful Mind, and A Piece of the World.
You should read it. Then you will like Gone Baby Gone
It's a Speculative fiction, and it's a romance.
You're welcome.
Sure! He directed The Simpson's movie, The Simpson's Movie, and The Simpson's Movie. Have you seen those?
Tim Long and Matt Selman wrote The Simpsons movie.
Yes, they are. He also wrote a lot of TV shows like The Simpsons Movie and Pet Sematary.
You're welcome!
He is a cricket player and plays for the Delhi Daredevils. Do you like him?
Not really. I am more of a football fan.
He is! He wrote the book The Art of Asking.
The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King stars Orlando Bloom. Do you like him?
I highly recommend The Good Doctor, The Dark Knight Rises, Wilde and Zulu. X-Men 2 starring Orlando Bloom
Great, hope you enjoy it!
Yes I do it is a Sci-Fi novel by James Dashner.
It was written by Mary Doria Russell
It is. If you Reach Me is another young adult fiction you might enjoy.
Nicola Kraus wrote The Nanny Diaries.
She also wrote Night at the Museum. It's a great book.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like fantasy books?
I'm not sure, but Daniel Radcliffe starred in a tv film called The Boy in the Striped Pajamas.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information for that.
Yes, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen them?
Sure! Do you like Horror movies? You might enjoy Reservoir Dogs.
Have you seen Grindhouse or Death Proof?
It's about a man who lives in the United States.
It is a great movie. Enjoy!
I think Katy Perry is a great actress. Did you know she was in The Smurfs and Smurfs?
John Carpenter wrote Escape from New York, which is starring George Clooney. Have you seen that?
Yes, he did. Ernest Borgnine also starred in The Hangover Part II. Have you seen that one?
Emma Stone was also in The Dirty Dozen. It was written by John Carpenter.
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom and Billy Boyd.
I would also recommend The Good Doctor. It's a thriller too.
Yes, it's a great movie. Enjoy!
I think Serena Williams is one of the the best female athletes of all time.
I agree. I think Serena is the best female athlete of all time.
Yes, she is. I laughed over the Dolphins as well.
Radamel Falcao plays for the Colombia national football team.
I don't think so, he is a forward.
I prefer American Football. My favorite team is the Redskins.
I would! It was written by John Hughes and is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
If you like comedy you would like to know about Home Alone. It was released in 1994 and the sequel it was produced by Walter Hill. Do you like comedies?
Sorry, I do not have that info
You are welcome
I do! He's a good singer. Do you like him?
If you like his music I think he's a good one. I'm not sure if he has done any music but he did write a lot of his songs.
Yes. Isn't he married to a girl named Jordin Sparks?
Do you like Shawshank Redemption because it was written by Stephen King?
He also wrote the Mist and the Lawnmower Man
You're welcome!
Do you like Fantasy or Adventures in Wonderland because it was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald?
It's a young adult fiction.
Ursula K. Le Guin is a fiction book.
Yes! He starred in Deadpool and The Transporter Refueled. Are you familiar with those?
Yes, Radivoje Bukvic is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
It's a crime drama. Do you like those kinds of movies?
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore.
It's a crime drama, do you like those?
You're welcome.
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade is written by Philip Kaufman.
Journey To The Center Of The Earth is a good one.
what else can i do for you?
Rohit Sharma is a cricket player from India. Do you like cricket?
He plays cricket and plays for the Mumbai Indians.
Yes, he is another player.
Yes, Rohit Sharma is from Nagpur.
Sure! He wrote Island and Brave New World. Are you familiar with either of those?
The Doors of Perception was released in 1988 and is in the genre of Speculative fiction.
Yes, he did. I'm more of a fan of his music.
Yes I do. Atonement is written by Ian McEwan and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Christopher Hampton also wrote The Nightingale, Inheritance, The Inheritance of a Mind. Have you read any of these?
The Quiet American is a Crime Fiction and Drama. Do you like Crime Fiction?
It is called Without Remorse, released in 2014. Thriller is more of a thriller and suspense genre.
Glad I could help. Enjoy the movie!
2012 was written by Roland Emmerich and Harald Kloser and directed by Emmerich. Do you like Emmerich movies?
The Thirteenth Floor has genre Drama
Matt Damon starred in Thirteenth Floor. He also starred in The Crime Fiction
It was written by JK Rowling. Do you like Harry Potter or the Philosopher's Stone?
Did you like The Help because it stars Tate Donovan, or because it was a Romance film?
Yes, he was. I'm not sure. I know she was in Men in Black 3 and I like it too.
Yes! He was one of the actors in The Croods. I think you'd enjoy it too.
She starred in The Muppets. Have you seen that movie?
I haven't seen it, but I've heard good things about it. Bradley Cooper has written, directed, and produced, and starred in it.
Yes,It was written by John Grisham and it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Client is a Drama, do you like Drama?
The Pelican Brief is also a very popular thriller, have you read it?
You're welcome.
He is a football player, but he plays for the Argentina national football team.
He is a soccer player, do you like soccer?
I enjoy basketball and football
Who is the star of the team?
American football so i do not know
They are a good team, David Platt is a good coach
I am more of a soccer fan. Are they any good?
I'm not sure. Is that another team?
Did you like the Time Traveler's Wife because it was written by Bruce Joel Rubin?
It's a mystery but it's more of a suspense.
You're welcome.
Your welcome.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. A similar book is Emma.
Yes it was written by Jane Austen
That book was written by Virginia Woolf who also wrote To The Lighthouse.
Have you read The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York, Mariner?
It's a romance novel, do you like fiction?
You're welcome.
She was a great singer. Did you know that she also sang a song called Call Me Maybe?
No, I didn't know that, but I do know that she was influenced by Rachel Ticotin
Oh, I didn't know she was a songwriter as well, didn't she star in the movie?
Sure, he directed The Silence of the Lambs. Are you familiar with that film?
The Others stars Nicole Kidman and Liam Neeson.
No problem, I hope you enjoy it!
Well, he wrote Madame Bovary. Are you into Literary realism?
It's a romance and was released in 1856.
Another romance novel by the same author is The Return of the Native. Have you read that one?
He also wrote The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
It's a romance novel released in 1856. Would you like to know more?
It's a romance novel.
If you like fiction, you'll like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
I hope you enjoy them!
Have you seen The Sum of All Fears or The Hunt for Red October?
Yes, he wrote The Secret Agent: A Simple Tale.
Yes it is. It was released in 1931. It's a great book.
It was released in 1926
He wrote The Road to El Dorado. Are you a fan of Cormac McCarthy?
I have no idea. What else can I do for you?
Your Heart Belongs to Me is written by Cormac McCarthy
It was released in 1988.
Glad to help!
Jane Eyre is a novel written by Michael Mason. Do you like him?
He also wrote Jane Eyre. Have you read that one?
No, she is indeed. She is also a model. Have you seen her?
You're welcome.
It was written by Malala Yousafzai
The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban is another book by Paulo Coelho.
Veronika, The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban is a drama.
He also wrote The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
I think he is playing for the Boston Celtics.
I like basketball. My favorite team is the Dodgers. Do you have a favorite team?
Yes, I like the Lakers as well!
O Alquimista was written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988. In English it's called The Alchemist. Have you read this book?
Paulo Coelho also wrote The Alchemist. Have you read that one?
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Divine Secrets of the Ya=Ya Sisterhood is a novel written by Rebecca Wells. Do you like her work?
Rebecca Wells also wrote Ya-Yas in Bloom, have you read that ?
You are welcome, Enjoy!
Sure! Kami Garcia wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Redemption. Have you read either of these yet?
Dream Dark is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome.
She wrote Throne of Glass and The Assassin's Blade.
The Throne of Glass was released 2012 and she also wrote The Assassin's Blade.
Glad to be of help
Glad to help
Sure! Dawn of the Planet of the Planet of the Apes is a Sci-Fi film. Do you like these genres?
Kodi also starred in Slow west with Ben Mendlesohn.
It is, it is a crime fiction. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome.
Yes. The movie Artificial Intelligence is starring Steven Spielberg. Would you like to know more about this movie?
Have you seen White Oleander? It is a really good Drama movie
You are welcome have a great night
This is the End is a romantic comedy. Do you like this genre?
I agree, both movies are Psychological Thriller and Comedy.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that.
Do you like Cold Mountain because it's a war film?
He also wrote Thirteen Moons and The Cold Mountain. Are you a fan of these?
Thirteen Moons has genre Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I hope you enjoy it!
They are ok. Didn't they win Super Bowl XXXVIII?
He was in the movie Jerry Jones called the Cowboys. Did you know that he also starred in the movie Jerry Jones movie?
I'm not sure about Zach Galifianakis, but he was in the Washington Redskins movie, have you seen that?
Bruce Almighty was written and directed by Steve Oedekerk he also directed Ace Ventura: Pet Detective.
It also stars Steve Carell and Steve Carell. It was released in 2001. Have you seen it?
It has a genre of Thriller, Drama, and Comedy. It was released in 2008.
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Hunger Games. It's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It's a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
She starred in The Kids Are All Right, which is a really good movie.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
You're welcome!
Do you like Pulp Fiction because it's a drama?
He also wrote The Incredibles and Gone with the Wind.
You're welcome!
You're welcome
Sure. Tina Fey wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight, The Long Kiss Goodnight, and The Long Kiss Goodnight. Do those sound interesting?
Yes, he was the Kite Runner. Do you like his movies?
Sure, he directed The Help, starring Emma Stone. Do you like her movies?
Yes! The Help and Get on the Help. It stars Cicely Tyson.
She did star in The Women of Brewster Place, which is a historical period drama.
Sure! Enjoy!
Sure, do you like Christopher Nolan movies?
Christopher Nolan
Star Wars was directed by George Lucas. Are you interested in Sci-Fi or Science Fiction?
Indiana Jones is starring Shia LaBeouf, who also starred in Indiana Jones.
Indiana Jones is a great actor. He also starred in the movie A Bug's Life.
The Paris Wife was written by Paula McLain who also wrote Circling the Sun. Have you heard of this one?
She also wrote Circling the Sun which is another one she wrote. Have you heard of that one?
Circling the Sun has genre Historical fiction, do you like that genre?
It's a fiction novel, but it was released in 2013.
No problem, enjoy!
She starred in the movie The Wild Life. Have you seen that movie?
She is a Speculative fiction as well as children's films. Have you seen any of these?
That's great. If you like Red Dawn, you'll like Back to the Future Part II.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on anything else he wrote.
Great! I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, it was a great movie. Did you know that Francis Ford Coppola starred in it?
Yes, he starred in Apocalypse Now.
Yes, he did. That was directed by Francis Ford Coppola.
He wrote Where the Wild Things Are. Have you read that?
You should try The Return of the Native by Gustave Falubert. It is also a romance novel.
Yes! It was released in 2004, I think you'll enjoy it.
Sure! added to your reading list.
I know he plays for the Germany national football team.
Sure. She wrote many good books including Graceling, Fire, Bitterblue, and Bitterblue. Do you like Romace?
Yes, she also wrote many romance novels including Bitterblue, Fire, and Bitterblue. Do you like romance?
There is also The Velveteen Rabbit, written by William Nicholson.
The Velveteen Rabbit has genre Speculative fiction, do you like Speculative fiction?
The Giver is written by Lois Lowry, would you like it to read?
He's a quarterback for the Green Bay Packers right?
I like to watch football. My favorite team is the Redskins. How about you?
I haven't but I heard he's a good quarterback. I've never been to a football game.
Yea, I'm gonna watch it again tonight. Thanks.
Yes! The Lost Hero is written by Rick Riordan. It is in the genre of speculative fiction and fantasy.
The Lost Hero is speculative fiction
Yes,It is written by Rick Riordon
You are welcome
Monsters University Movie
Tobey McGuire, Kevin Spacey, and Dan Scanlon both star in Monsters University. Do you like them?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, he has written a number of books, including The Half-Blood Prince and The Titan's Curse.
The Prince is in the genera genera speculative fiction.
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People is a self help book.
Yes, he's a great singer and song writer. Have you heard of him?
Yes, his music is very popular and has a lot of hits as well.
I love his music! Have you heard of the song Into the Wild?
Sure! Do you like books written by Truman Capote?
You might enjoy Water for Elephants or We Were Watching God. Those are both crime fiction.
You're welcome! Enjoy.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is an excellent book about cancer.
It was written by Rebecca Steadman and is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
Sure! It was written by William Shakespeare and released in 1996. It's a great book.
I think she is a very talented person. I think she's a very good artist though.
I was not a fan of hers, but I also like her song Love Story.
I didn't know she was influenced by a lot of people.
Sure! She starred in The Princess Diaries. It is a family film. Do you like family movies?
White Squall stars Jeff Bridges and Jason Marsden. Do you like Jason?
Coming of Age is a drama film. Are you looking for similar?
That's correct. I'm sorry. I don't have any information on Whale Rider.
You as well!
Charles Dickens wrote The Old Curiosity Shop, The Old Curiosity Shop, and Oliver Twist. Have you read any of these?
Sure! Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club was released in 1995. It's a short story about a man who is his own person. Would you like to know more?
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on any of his books.
I hope you enjoy them!
Sure, John Grogan wrote Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog.
Marley & me was released in 2005. what else can i do for you?
Scream is a Horror movie. Do you like Horror movies?
Yes, I am. I like horror. Is that a movie with Leonard DiCaprio?
Sure, A Nightmare on Elm Street is a horror movie also starring Johnny Depp. It was released in 1994.
Sylvester Stallone wrote The Expendables and The Assassination of Jesse James.
Yes, he was. Do you like him? Sylvester Stallone was also in The Exendables.
I'm sorry, I don't have anymore information on that movie.
It was written by Cassandra Clare who also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex. Have you read that?
The genre is Speculative fiction and fantasy. Cassandra Clare is a writer as well as a writer.
It's a fantasy too. Cassandra Clare wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Sum of All Fears which also falls into the fantasy genre.
Sure, do you like Pulp Fiction because it's a drama?
Royal Kill stars Tika Sumpter and Robert De Niro.
He is a good Athlete. Did you know he plays for the China national football team?
That's cool. Did he play on the 2012 Summer Olympics?
I like him. He is a good swimmer. How about you?
You're very welcome
Bobby Farrelly starred in Stuck on You and Stuck on You?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
That's a great movie. Matt Damon starred on Deck the Hall of Fame. Have you seen it?
He directed The Skulls along with Paul Walker. Have you seen it?
The Skulls also starred Paul Walker, Paul Walker, and Paul Walker. Would you like to know more?
You're welcome.
I know they are a soccer team, do you like soccer?
It's soccer, do you like soccer?
Yes, Thomas van Gaal is also a soccer player
I think he is a good singer
He plays for the Delhi Daredevils.
Million Dollar Baby was directed by him. He also starred in it.
Tommy Lee Jones is starring in Million Dollar Baby
It's a great movie. Enjoy
Florian Hensmarck directed The Lives of Others, The Tourist, The Tourist, and The Tourist. He also directed The Tourist.
The Tourist is a psychological thriller film. Do you like those types of films?
Florian Florian also directed The Tourist. He also directed the film The Tourist.
It was released in 2005. I hope you enjoy it!
I'm not sure who wrote the book but The Tourist was written by Veronica Roth.
I hope you enjoy it!
I think coaches Steve Kerr. Is he a basketball player?
Did you know he won the NBA All Rookie Team?
Yeah, he's good! He's a basketball player too.
Pride and Prejudice is a great book by Jane Eyre.
Michael Mason also wrote The Fountainhead, The Sign of the Wind, and Persuasion.
Some romantic novels like The Time Machine are Where the Heart Is, When You Reach Me, and The Color Purple.
He is a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics.
I like football and baseball. What about you?
No I didn't.
He wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read that?
The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas was released in 1961.
You're welcome.
It was written by James Frey and a Speculative fiction. Do you enjoy that genre?
It has genre Speculative fiction and was released in 1991. There is a book about a boy with a frog.
Yes, he has directed A Million Little Pieces. A Million Little Pieces is a speculative fiction that was released in 1994.
He wrote The tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark. Did you know that he wrote The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark?
1600. Have you read The Winter's tale
Yes. Shakespear's comedy is a series. Do you like comedy?
Sure. I will add it to your list.
I know he plays for the Germany national football team.
Yes, Thomas Muller also plays as a midfielder and defender as well.
Not really but I know a bit about soccer. My favorite team is the Redskins. Do you follow any sports?
Isn't he a tennis player?
I'm not sure, but I know he's a tennis player from Basel.
Is she the Call Me Maybe girl?
No I didn't know she won that award.
Yes, she does. She is also a musician and a model.
Sure, do you like jaws because it is written by Steven Spielberg or because it was starring Tom Hanks?
Yes, he was. Keith Gordon also wrote the suspense movie Jaws 2.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy!
Sure! She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie. Have you seen either of those?
It was written by Frances Mayes. It is a romance film.
Amelie is a romance film. Do you like romance films?
Yes, he starred in a lot of movies. including The Fast and the Furious and The Fast and the Furious.
The skulls is a drama and crime fiction movie. Do you like this genre?
It was written by Steven Cummings, and it has genre Psychological Thriller
You should watch Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt
i am not sure but i can tell you he is starring in Tootsie as well
You're welcome
I don't know much about football, but I do know that they're coached by Lovie Smith
Well, I'm not a huge football fan but if I had to choose, I guess the Bucs are coached by Lovie Smith. What do you think?
I love football. My favorite team is the San Francisco 49ers, but I'm not a big fan of football.
Not so bad, heard they sung the song One Step Closer. Do you like them?
You know, Somewhere I Belong is a popular book. Is that something you'd like?
They are popular too. Is that a band you like?
Yes, I enjoy football. My favorite team is the Redskins
That's too bad, they had a good season. They were the runner ups to Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Wow, I didn't know that! I'm more of a Cowboys fan.
It was written by Truman Capote. Are you interested in Crime Fiction or Crime Fiction?
Sure, how about The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner or The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner?
Yes, it was based on a true story.
It stars Tom Skerrit, Tom Skerrit, Seth MacFarlane and Tom Skerrit. It is fantasy, do you like fantasy?
Yes it is. It's a good one, along with a lot of action movies like White House Down.
You might enjoy Wag the Dog. Have you seen that one?
They are owned by Jason Kidd and owned by Jay-Z.
I like basketball. My favorite team is the Lakers. But, I'm a fan of theirs.
I like football and soccer. How about you?
Yea, I think it is a hilarious movie. The Book of Eli is in the genre of sci-fi. Do you like sci-fi?
She was also in the movie The Devil Wears Prada. She was also in the movie This Is The End.
Ted also starred Seth MacFarlane and Emily Blunt. It was released in 2010.
Glad to help! Enjoy!
He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen that?
Yes, and it's a Historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
Yes, I do recall that movie, it was released in 1969.
Yes, I do. I like the Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End.
Yes. He was. He was also in The Good Doctor. I highly recommend it!
I highly recommend The Good Doctor. It's a thriller as well.
Do you like X-Men Origins because it stars Ryan Reynolds or because it is a sci-fi movie?
Sure, he also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Origins: Wolverine, and the X-Men: First Class.
I am not sure, but I know Ryan Reynolds was in the movie, Waiting.
You are very welcome, enjoy!
Sure, do you like it because it's a family movie?
He has been in a lot of movies. He was in The People Speak, Push, and Push, Nevada. Push, and Inside Job.
He was in both The People Speak, The People Speak, and Push, Nevada. Push, Nevada.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it was directed by Leo Tolstoy.
He also directed Snatch, We Bought a Zoo and Waking Life. Have you seen either of those?
Confused was released in 1995. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Enjoy!
In the movie The King Kong is a horror film, do you like horror movies?
It's categorized as Thriller, Drama, and Speculative fiction.
Then you might like Zoe's Tale, X-Men 2 or World War Z.
I think it's both a science fiction film, but it's also considered a science fiction film.
They are a football team. Do you like football?
They're ok. They're a good team. They're coached by Mike Shanahan.
That's pretty cool. Didn't they win Super Bowl XXVIII?
This Is the End, The Interview
It starred James Franco, it is a really good movie.
Yes, Channing Tatum starred in The End. He also starred in Pineapple Express.
He is a great actor! He also starred in Pineapple Express and The White House Down.
Definitely, it is a great movie! It stars Mindy Kaling, Mindy Kaling, Mindy Kaling, Mindy Kaling, Mindy Kaling, Mindy Kaling and James Franco. It is a fantasy movie.
You're welcome!
Sure! The Silence of the Lambs is a Psychological thriller. Are you looking for something in that genre?
Ralph Fiennes is a great actor! He also starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Absolutely!
Schindler's List has genre Drama. what else can i do for you?
The Lion King is one movie she was in. Have you seen it?
If you like basketball, you might enjoy Catch-22. It's a classic.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, the movie written by Vince Gilligan, starring Will Smith.
He also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness and The Pursuit of Happyness.
I believe it is a drama, I am not sure of the name of the movie.
Sure, now playing.
Yes! He is a football player. Do you like him?
Neither oh ok, but I heard Fabrio Capello used to coach for a while.
I follow basketball some. My favorite team is the Redskins. Do you?
Steve McQueen directed The way of the Gun. It also starred John Ratzenberger. Have you seen it?
I like contemporary R & B but I like their K-pop boy band. Do you like them?
They are both from South Korea and they have a boy band called The Boys.
Yes, they were originally from Seoul in Seoul. They also started their career in South Korea in 2012.
Yes, Jason Flemyng starred in Wild Bill, Welcome to the Punch, Viy, The Social Network, The Social Network and many others. Do you have a certain genre in mind?
Vivica A Fox and David Carradine were both in Welcome to the Punch.
I hope you like it!
You're welcome!
I sure can! She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Elie Wiesel. That's a mouthful!
It's a non-fiction book. Do you like non-fiction books?
I hope you enjoy it!
Hellboy is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Hugh Jackman starred in this movie. He also starred in X-Men 2. Have you seen it?
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, he is a famous author. He wrote the books   and  .
He was influenced by Michael Fassbender.
No, I don't know a lot about his films. But, I know he starred in a couple of movies. Have you seen The Godfather series?
Charlie Hunnam and Charlie Hunnam. Have you heard of them?
She starred in Terminator 2: Judgement Day with Dennis Lehane. Have you seen that?
It is a science fiction film. Do you like science fiction?
She also starred in Slipstream, She's Gotta Have It, and Random Hearts.
Steven D. Levitt wrote SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling
That's correct. Steven D. Levitt also wrote SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling
I have not read any of his books from Duanesburg. I do not have any information on his books.
You should! Steven D. Dubner is the author of this book. He also wrote SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling
Edgar Wright wrote The Stand and The Invisible Man. Have you read either of those?
Yes, it is science fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he is. I like his movies too. Do you like his movies?
Coldplay is a band with Chris Martin as the lead vocal. Do you like their music?
The Escapist is starring Kevin Spacey
Yes I can. I also like the song Everybody Loved is a popular one
She wrote Dreams of Gods & Monsters, which is speculative fiction.
Dreams of Gods & Monsters was released 2011. It's a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 2014.
You're very welcome!
I think he is. He's a basketball player and plays for the Portland Trail Blazers.
That's right. Do you know if he was a good player?
I have seen him play on TV. I'm more of a basketball fan. Have you ever seen him play?
He starred in the thriller Grindhouse. Have you seen it?
It was written by Rhonda Byrne and released in 2011. It is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure. He also starred in Horton Hears a Who!, which is a Biographical film.
Do you like Big Fish because it was written by John August, or because it stars Tom Cruise?
Kenny Ortega was a screenwriter for The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Yes, would you like to know about other romantic movies?
You are welcome.
Phil LaMarr starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse Now. Have you seen those?
It has a great cast like Rosanna Arquette, Natalie Portman, Robert De Niro, Angelina Jolie, Robert De Niro and Sharon Lechter to name a few.
It is a Crime Fiction, do you like those genres?
You're welcome, enjoy!
They are a basketball team. The Brooklyn Nets is a basketball team. Do you like basketball?
That is a great movie. Are you a fan of sci-fi movies like those?
If you like action movies you should check out Man on a Wire or Man on Wire.
It is a sci-fi movie and it was released in 1998. If you like sci-fi you might also enjoy X-Men 2 as well.
Sure! Do you like Romance Novels?
Do you like Voyager because it is a romance novel?
yes, it is a romance novel
You are welcome, enjoy!
I believe she is a tennis player. I do not follow tennis much but I do know she is from India.
Not really, but I know that Serena is a female athlete from Mumbai.
She sure is! They are very successful in that movie as well!
He starred in Looking for Richard also starring Kevin Spacey.
The genre is Thriller and Drama.
If you like thrillers, you should watch Shark Night.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like another book by her?
It was written by Paula Hawkins
She also wrote Persuasion and Lady Susan.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, she is a singer. Do you like her song A Thousand Years?
I don't know of any song. But, I know she is a dance pop artist.
I'm not sure about that. I know it was released in 2010
You're welcome
I do! Edgar Ramirez starred in a lot of movies. Do you like him?
I love crime fiction. I would recommend The Hurt Locker and The Pillars of the Earth. They are both great.
No, Mark Boal starred in it but The Hurt Locker also starred in The Hurt Locker.
Awesome. I hope you enjoy it.
He starred in Unaccompanied Minor, The Hangover, The Other Guys and The Hangover. Have you seen any of those?
Sure. Unaccompanied Minors is a Animated film starring Jessica Walter, who also starred in Minors, which is a comedy.
Sure. How about The Silence of the Lambs? It's a teen film.
Certainly. I hope you enjoy it!
Will do.
Yes, he is the author of the popular children's book The Golden Compass. Have you read it?
It's a romance starring Sara Gruen. Would you like to see it?
Me, too! He's very funny. I hope you enjoy it!
It was written by John Boyne and starred Tom Hanks.
Yes, Leo Tolstoy was the writer for Boyhood.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on anything else.
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
Twilight is written by stephanie meyer. Anything else I can recommend?
She is a good writer. She also wrote The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner
You are welcome
Sure. The Social Network stars Justin Timberlake. It is a Biographical film and stars Justin Timberlake.
Tom Everett starred in The Social Network.
Rashida Jones also starred in the movie The Social Network. The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is a popular movie
You're welcome
Sure, he is an author who wrote the biography David Copperfield. Are you a fan?
Jeremy Tambling has written a few books. One of them is Snatch. Have you read it?
Yes, Zadie Smith is a great writer. I can't think of any of his books, but if you like Zadie Smith's other writings, I would recommend A Midsummer Night's Dream.
He directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13. Do any of these sound interesting?
It is a science fiction film that was produced by John Carpenter. The Fog was released in 1981.
I'll add that one to your watch list. Enjoy!
Escape from New York is a Sci-Fi/Action movie.
Sure, do you like the book Lord of the Rings because it's a Fiction novel?
Women in Love was written by J.R.R Tolkien
He also wrote Lord of the Rings and Lord of the Rings
The Matrix was produced and directed by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
The Matrix was produced and directed by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
Tom Berenger, Christopher Nolan
A Wrinkle in Time is a science fiction piece written by Madeleine L'Engle. Are you interested in young adult fiction?
You might enjoy the Witch of Blackbird Pond by Elizabeth George Speare. It is a Fantasy novel.
Yes, it is. Would you like to know more about the book?
You might enjoy the Witch of Blackbird Pond by Elizabeth George Speare. It's part of a series.
I'm not sure. Jeff Lindsay was the author of Dexter in the Dark. He also wrote Catching Fire.
Anytime.
That's a great movie. Ayush Mahesh Khedkar starred in Slumdog Millionaire.
Slumdog Millionaire is a romance film.
It was released in 2013.
You're welcome.
I know he starred in The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies.
Aidan Turner also starred in the book 'Thirteen Ghosts
The genre is fiction.
The Golden Compass starring Philip Pullman is another fantasy movie
Chris Weitz directed the movie
Do you like the author Roald Dahl?
Zoe's tale is a great book! Would you like to know more about this?
Yes, it is. Would you prefer more speculative fiction or more?
I do. I know that Donna Tartt wrote it and that it was released in 2013.
I am not certain, but she has won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. Would you like to know more about her?
Yes she did. She also wrote The Little Friend and the Goldfinch.
She was born in Los Angeles, United States of America.
you're welcome
Me Before You was written by Jojo Moyes. Do you like the author Jojo Moyes?
It was released in 2012, have you read it?
Did you know that The Girl You Left Behind was released in 2005?
Yes, it was written by John Green. Are you interested in other books by him?
That's a great book. Did you know that John Green also wrote Paper Towns?
I'm not sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
If you like Young-adult fiction, you'll like Without Fail and When You Reach Me. They are also young-adult fiction.
F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Great Gatsby.
It's a good one. It was released in 2010. It was considered a fiction and fantasy.
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy!
He wrote the movie Deadpool. Are you familiar with that movie?
Black Hat is a great movie , it was released in 1985
Black Hat is a sequel Black Hat , if you like the Goon I recommend you see Black Hat
you are welcome
Sure! Pan's Labyrinth is written by Guillermo del Toro and is a Speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure, but Pan's Labyrinth has a genre of Thriller.
I'm not sure. I do believe it is a Spanish.
Have you seen The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars?
I hope you enjoy it!
He wrote The Water is Wide, The Prince of Tides and The Water is Wide
That's good to know. Did you know he also starred in a movie called Tides?
Yes Michael York also wrote a book called The Vampire Chronicles
Yes, I like fredéric Mugler. He wrote  which was released in 750 A.D. very old writer. Have you read it?
I haven't seen it but I heard it was a great movie. Do you like it?
I like dramas. Do you have a favorite genre?
Yes, he was a great actor as well as a writer.
Sean Penn wrote the book into the Wild.
Yes, Sean Penn wrote the book Into the Wild which was released in 2007.
Into the Wild is written by Sean Penn. Shark Night is another adventure movie he was in.
I like him, he's a great tennis player. You like tennis?
Tom Hooper directed The King's Speech, The Damned United, and The King's Speech.
He also starred in the movie The King's Speech, have you heard of that one?
Have a great day!
I think he is a very talented singer. I like his song Marry You. Do you like him?
I'm sure he's a great singer. Did you know she was born in London?
I'm also a huge fan of her music. I'm also a huge fan of hers. How about you?
Sure! I'm glad.
The coach is Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
The coach is Louis van Gaal.
They did. They were the runner ups to the 2009 UEFA Team.
The Maze Runner is a young adult fiction book. Do you like fiction books?
The Scorch Trials is written by James Dashner
You're welcome.
Sure, a great book I can recommend is The God of Small Things. Have you read it?
It's a drama, do you like drama?
Yes it was, the movie was made into a movie
You're welcome
That was written by Sue Monk Kidd and is in the fiction genre. Are you into fiction?
It was written by Sue Monk Kidd and is a fiction
i dont know much about the movie but i know it was adapted into a film
She wrote Dracula. Have you read that one?
Nina Auerbach also wrote The Invisible Man.
You may want to check out The Invisible Man. It was released in 1897.
You're welcome.
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Would you like to know more about him?
It was written by J.R.R Tolkien. Do you like fantasy movies?
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
They're coached by Gary Kubiak. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan.
Yeah, I'm a fan of the Seattle Seahawks but I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan.
Yeah, he owns the Houston Texans. Do you like football?
Julian Glover starred in Troy, which is a historical period drama. Do you like these genres?
Emily Bronte was also in it! It's a great movie, have you seen it?
It came out in 1988. It's considered a drama/mystery.
It's a historical movie, released in 1847. It's a historical period drama, too.
Pearl S Buck wrote The Good Earth. Did you know she was born in London?
It was released in 1946 but is a Romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
I'm glad I could help.
You're welcome!
Yeah, she is a very talented tennis player. Did you know she lost to Serena Williams?
Yes, she is a tennis player and also a musician.
What sport do you watch?
Wow, I didn't know that. Is he a cricket player?
Como agua para chocolate is written by Thomas Christen do you like this author?
I am not sure. However, I can tell you that in English and is a great book.
You're welcome. Anything else I can help you with?
Great, Enjoy!
Sure, do you like this movie because it stars Scarlett Johansson?
Yes it is written by Zak Penn
Incident at Loch Ness was released in 2010
Glad to be of help
Sure, how about Crazy, Stupid, Love?
A couple of the movies that are in that genre are Beautiful Creatures and Break-Up. Have you seen either of those?
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help with?
Sure! He wrote Cycle of the Werewolf. Have you read that?
That's a great question. The book was released in 1947 and is in the English language.
The Dead Zone has genre Speculative fiction
I'm sorry, I don't have access to that information.
Forrest Gump was written by Winston Groom.Do you like Winston Groom movies?
Tom Hanks also starred in the movie Forrest Gump. Would you like to know more?
I'm not sure, but Larry Crowne was probably the most popular of the movies that he starred in.
Glad to help!
I'm glad to help!
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets written by J.K. Rowling?
Yes, it's in the genre of both Fiction and Fantasy.
Yes it does. It stars Steve Kloves and Sandra Bullock. It was released in 2013.
I don't really know much about Pete Carroll, but I do enjoy Pete Carroll's coach.
It's up with the Seahawks, but the Seahawks are having a rough season.
Yes, their stadium is too loud. Do you like football?
It was written by Jerry Spinelli who also wrote Milkweed and Maniac Magee.
He also wrote Milkweed and Maniac Magee and Maniac Magee.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I think he is a very good tennis player but he loses a lot of matches.
That's right. I think Rafael Nadal was one of the best tennis players of all time.
I like Federer's better than Rafael Nadal. I think Federer has had a number of titles.
Mary GrandPre is a Speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
That is correct. Mark Boal is the author of those books.
Sure, do you like Liane Moriarty's work?
Yes, she did. That book was released in 2014. She also wrote Three Wishes and The Last Anniversary.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Dallas Cowboys are a team in the AFC East division of the Dallas Cowboys. Did you know that they are owned by John Fox?
My favorite team is the Redskins, but my favorite team is the Redskins
They seem to be having a good season but they haven't doing too well this year
Honestly I don't think so. He was a quarterback for the San Francisco 49ers. But he did coach the team.
Yes, he wrote X-Men 2. Have you seen that ?
X-Men 2 has genre Science Fiction. Do you like science fiction movies?
The Incredible Hulk stars William Hurt and Ty Burrell.
Sure! She wrote The Hiding Place, God's Smuggler, and God's Smuggler. Have you read either of those?
The Hiding Place has a genre Non-Fiction and Autobiography.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Noah Emmerich starred in Windtalkers. what else can i do for you?
You might enjoy The Golden Compass starring Katharine McPhee. Have you seen that?
Ok, have a good day.
Great, glad I could help.
Phil Lord directed 22 Jump Street. Would you like to know more about Phil Lord?
Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard starred in 22 Jump Street.
I'm not sure, but he was in White House Down, which is a comedy.
You're welcome.
Definitely, it was written by Sean Penn! It was a great movie.
Great, I'm glad I could help!
Yes, she is. She's also in No Strings Attached.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Well, James Frain who is in it is also in Transit (Crime Fiction).
Then you might enjoy World War Z if you like Sci-Fi movies
Zombieland is starring Rhett Reese, Robert De Niro, John Turturro, and Max Brooks, have you seen it?
I'm not sure but I do know he was in X-Men 2.
She wrote The Red Tent, The Last Days pf Dogtown, and The Boston Girl.
Sure! Do you like fiction books? I would recommend The Last Days of Dogtown.
You're very welcome!
That was written by Little Lord Fauntleroy and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
That's a great book. It was written by William Shakespeare, who also wrote Little Altars Everywhere.
I would recommend Witches Abroad and Wolf Brother.
That book was written by Ernest Hemingway. He also wrote To Have and Have Not.
You might like Zoe's Tale, Xenocide, and Wyrd Sisters
To Have and Have Not is a romance novel by Ernest Hemingway. It was released in 1960.
Groundhog Day is a war film. Do you like War movies?
Charlie Sheen is one of the actors that starred in Year One.
Yes he was in Ghostbusters
your welcome
Not so bad, heard they sung the song One Step Closer. Do you like them?
That is a sci-fi movie, do you like sci-fi movies?
The Dark Knight is also a sci-fi movie. Would you like to know more?
Yes, it is. X-Men: First Class is considered a sci-fi action movie.
Yes, she was in it. She also starred in the movie.
Sure, Jean-piert wrote, directed, and starred in The Boyfriend List. Have you seen this movie yet?
Micmacs is starring he also directed The Boy in the Striped Pajamas.
He was born in Alexandria, Connecticut. He is a comedian.
You're Welcome
The Ocean at the End of the Lane is written by Neil Gaiman who also wrote The Ocean at the End of the Lane
It was written by Neil Gaiman and was released in 2013.
You are very welcome.
Joel Coen is starring in No Country for Old Men.
He was also in the suspense film The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
Natural Born Killers was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Do you like the Dictator because it is a thriller?
It's a romantic comedy about a man who lives in a desert.
It is. You may want to check out Zombieland if you like speculative fiction.
You're welcome.
Me Before You was written by Jojo Moyes. Jojo Moyes wrote it.
Jojo Moyes also wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
You are welcome.
He's a great! He's known for Robin Hood, The Apostle, and The Three Musketeers.
Yes, he was the author of the book The Count of Monte Cristo.
Well, The Third Musketeers was released in 1844, the same year as The Sun Also Rises.
You are very welcome!
Sure! He wrote The Little Friend. It was made into a movie. Have you read it?
Yes it is starring Tom Cruise. Do you like because Tom Cruise is in it or because it is a Action/ Adventure movie?
I have not seen that one, I will have to check it out. Did you know that Peter Capaldi starred in Someone Like You?
You are very welcome!
Sure! Katherine Paterson wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. Have you read either of those?
Yes, she also wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins which is Speculative fiction and Children's literature. Do you like children's literature?
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy!
The Hunger Games has genre Young-adult fiction. Have you seen that one?
You might like Shark Night. It stars Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore.
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore.
I know he wrote Walking Disaster, have you read it?
Walking Disaster has a genre of Biography. Do you like biographies?
I'm sorry, I don't have any recommendations.
You are welcome!
Sure, do you like the Matrix Reloaded because it is sci-fi or because it stars Keanu Reeves or because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
Me too! Have you watch Tune in tomorrow ?
The Matrix Reloaded is starring Keanu Reeves, who also starred in Youngblood.
You're welcome, enjoy!
She's a lyricist
Yes she did, she also won the MTV Video Music Award for Video Music Award for Video of The Year.
She is on the bucket list as well, and she is on the bucket list as well!
Lana Wachowski starred in The Matrix Revolutions and in The Matrix Revolutions.
I like romance a little bit. You should check out The Incredibles and The Avengers. They are both Family Family Films.
I'm not sure, but it was directed by Lana Wachowski. She also directed Pulp Fiction. Have you seen that?
Blood Promise is a young adult fiction book. Do you like that genre?
She also wrote a series of books called the Vampire Academy series, have you read any of those ?
It was also written by Richelle Mead and has a genre of Young-adult fiction, have you read those types of books?
Yes, Leigh Dragoon did write that as well
Did you enjoy Mission Impossible because it starred Tom Cruise?
Do you like it because it's a romance or because it's a fantasy?
Are you interested in the movie starring Will Ferrell? He also starred in X-Men 2 or World War Z.
Yes, he's a very popular actor. He's in a number of movies like, Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Tom Skerritt starred in Ted, which is a romantic comedy.
Ted Danson is a drama. Do you like drama?
You're welcome, enjoy!
It's a romance novel. You might also enjoy The Princess and the Frog.
Yes! The Modern Prometheus was also written by Percy Bysshe Shelley, who also wrote The Last Hero.
Yes they are. The Modern Prometheus is in English.
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
It was released in 1856, but I haven't read any of his books. He also wrote the romance book Memento.
Yes, she did. It was released in 1856
I know they are part of the NFC South. They are owned by John Fox
The Dallas Cowboys are a professional American football team based in the Dallas Cowboys, Pennsylvania.
Me either really, I like basketball as well. My favorite team is the Redskins.
Yes, there is a sequel to Toy story and Toy Story 2. Toy story is starring Tom Hanks.
Toy Story 2 and Tom Hanks are starring too. Would you like to know more?
It's a great movie! It's a very animated movie!
Sure! Sending it now.
Blake Griffin is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Do you like basketball?
I'm not sure, but I know he plays for the Houston Rockets
I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
Blade Runner is a science fiction film written by Michael Fassbender. Are you familiar with his work?
William Sanderson has been in a lot of films. He's also a director, producer, and film producer. He's been in a number of films including Outsiders of the Sun and Forever After. Have you seen those?
I'm not sure, but I have heard of it. It was released in 2008 and directed by the way.
Bood Diamond starred Susan Sarandon and Danny DeVito. It is a speculative fiction.
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy The Two Towers or The Silence of the Lambs.
Yes, he starred in "The Wolf of Wall Street" and "The Moth Diary."
He starred in Match Point. Have you seen that?
It's a romance film.
The Way is a drama.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Law Abiding Citizen is starring F. Gary Gary who directed The Italian Job. You like his movies?
Kurt Wimmer starred in Law Abiding Citizen and Richard Portnow. Would you like to know more?
You might like Catch-22 by Roger Bart. It's a psychological thriller.
The fifth element is a sci-fi. Would you like something similar?
Then you might enjoy Wrath of the Titans then.
You're welcome
Yes, she is an amazing artist. I love her music. She's also an actress and a model.
I'm not sure about any of her songs, but I know she has starred in a lot of TV shows. She starred in a romantic comedy called Valentine's Day.
I like her too. Did you know she was in the movie The Muppets?
Sure. He wrote The Prophet of Yonwood. Do you like paranormal romance?
It's a children's book. It was released in 2000.
Yes. I do not know. I can tell you it was released in Spanish.
Anita Diamant wrote The Red Tent, The Last Days pf Dogtown, and The Boston Girl.
It is fiction.
She wrote both fiction books and fiction
You're welcome
Sure! The Untouchables is starring Sean Connery who also starred in The Windtalkers.
It was released in 2010. The Mafia movie is an Action/Adventure film.
Capone was written by J.J Abrams and is a Thriller.
It's a great movie, one of the main actors was Justin Timberlake.
You're welcome
No, but it was written by Preston and directed by Roland Emmerich
It is a thriller, do you like that genre?
Yes, The Score is a great Drama movie , have you seen it ?
Vivica A Fox is the lead in the movie
You're welcome
Margaret Stohl wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Creatures.
It's a romance novel, similar to Beautiful Darkness.
I'm not sure about that. I believe it was a film.
Glad to be of service!
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time is a Fantasy. Do you like Fantasy movies?
You might like The Looking Glass Wars, or The Golden Compass. Those are both fantasy movies.
It had Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire. It was also directed by J.K. Rowling.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, that was written by Sophie Kinsella who also wrote Wedding Night and Twenties Girl.
She also wrote Wedding Night, Twenties Girl and The Undomestic Goddess.
Wedding Night is a romance novel, do you like romance?
You're welcome!
She wrote many good books; Graceling, Fire, and Bitterblue. Do you like Romace?
Yes, she is a romance novel
I'm sorry I don't have that information
No problem
She wrote A Tree Grows In Brooklyn, which was released in 1943. Have you read that book?
The year it was released
Yes it was
I like football, too! He's a good player.
I didn't know that. What team does he play for?
I am more of a fan of the New York Mets. How about you?
I am more of a Steelers fan. How about you?
Yes, he's an actor who starred in many movies. Did you know he also starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo?
No, I haven't seen it, but I know he also starred in X-Men 2.
Yes, he starred on Pretty Little Liars, which is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Yes i do one of them is Shackleton.
Kevin McNally, Kenneth Branagh also stars in Shackleton.
It was released in 2010
He wrote Lord of the Flies. Have you heard of that book?
He writes in the genre of children's literature.
If you are looking for more of his books, he wrote a book called The Golden Compass.
You're welcome.
Sure, she has written a number of books. She's written a number of classics, including X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse Now. Have you read either of those?
I would say they're very good. It's a drama that was released in 2011 and is a romance film.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Emma Stone is in it. Did you know Emma Stone is also in it?
Yes he is. Emma Stone is also a director.
Yes, Rashida Jones is starring in that movie as well as Andrew Garfield.
You're welcome!
He wrote the book, Things Fall Apart. Would you like to know more about this book?
The Witch of Blackbird Pond is a fiction fiction and it has a genre of suspense
No, I haven't seen it.
You are welcome have a good day
Sure, do you like Pulp Fiction because it's a crime fiction?
Yes. He was in that movie.
Your welcome
Sure, Mitch Alborn wrote Tuesdays with Morrie. Have you read this book yet?
It's a Non-fiction
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre Speculative fiction and fiction
The Matrix is Sci-Fi. Do you like that genre?
It stars Keanu Reeves and Jada Pinkett Smith.
The weekend is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
You're right! Do you like Echoes of Silence?
Did you know that Echoes of Silence was one of them too?
I do! It is a mystery/suspense book by John Grisham. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, he wrote the thriller The Pelican Brief and The Firm. Would you like to know more about those?
The Brethren was released in 1986 and is a drama. It was also considered a Thriller.
I would recommend The Rum Diary by Jeffery Deaver. It is a thriller.
Yes. It was written by John Grisham and is in English.
You're welcome.
Definitely! Green Eggs and Ham is a children's literature book written by Dr. Seuss. He also wrote The Cat in the Hat.
The Cat in the Hat is another popular one that was released in 1960.
The Witch of Blackbird Pond is another option. Have you read that?
You're welcome! Anything else?
I love Adam Levine. Maroon 5 is one of my favorite songs.
I do as well. Do you know Adam Levine starred in his music?
I'm not sure. I do like X Factor because it's a romance movie. Do you like romance?
He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
I am not sure but it is a sci-fi film.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
The Tragedy of Othello, The Moor of Venice is written by William Shakespeare.
He also wrote Romeo and Juliet, A Midsummer Night's Dream, and Twelfth Night. Have you read any of these?
You might like The Looking Glass Wars. It's written by Frank Beddor.
You're welcome
Anthony Hopkins starred in both Bobby and Bobby, a psychological thriller. Do you like those genres?
Yes, Anthony Hopkins also starred in Bobbye and Snow White
I do not know when it was released
Anthony Hopkins starred in a lot of movies. He also starred in a movie called No Strings Attached.
your welcome
Dave McKean wrote Wizard and Glass and The Graveyard Book.
Yes, that's right, and he also wrote The Absolute Sandman Volume One.
He was influenced by Dave McKean, and is a really good actor.
Yes, it's children's literature in speculative fiction and fantasy.
You're very welcome!
It stars Scarlett Johansson and Matt Letscher.
She stars in the movie We Bought a Zoo, and The Prestige.
Great! Anything else I can help you with?
Alright, Scarlett Johansson also stars in the movie We Bought a Zoo.
I'm sorry, I don't have any more information on the film.
You're welcome!
Vivica A. Fox is a good actor. You like Thriller movies?
Vivica A. Fox starred in V for Vendetta and Yes. She starred in Vol. 1 and 2. Do you like her?
Yes, he is. He also starred in Pulp Fiction as well.
I think the Tennessee Titans is a pretty good team. Do you like football?
I'm not sure, I don't follow football much, do you know who Bud Adams is ?
I don't think so, I do know that he was a musician.
Robert Duvall starred in The Apostle. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, he also wrote the Apostle. It's a great movie.
Of course, have you seen White House Down, Srek Forever After or Return to the Blues?
Christina Perri is a singer-songwriter and a musician.
no I didn't know that. he is a good songwriter though.
Wayman : Musical Genre: Musical Genre: Soul music
i do not know much about basketball but i do know Wayman : He is a basketball player
I think he is a really good artist. Do you like him?
Have you heard anything from him?
Did you know he recently starred in Friends with Benefits?
Yes, the book is based on the book. The Fellowship of the Ring is the first book.
I am not sure, but there is another movie he starred in called The Good Doctor.
Christopher Lee starred in any of the Lord of the Rings movies. Would you like to know more?
The Battle of Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. He also wrote The Titan's Curse and The Son of Neptune.
Yes, The Titan's Curse is a young adult fiction book. Do you like fantasy?
Well, Then you might like The Blood of Olympus. It's a great Speculative fiction.
You're very welcome!
He directed The Simpson's movie. Have you seen that one?
He also directed Toy Story 3. You might enjoy that.
Great! He also directed Toy Story starring Paul Mazursky. It's also Animation.
Enjoy!
Jennifer L. Armentrout wrote Wicked which was released in 2014.
Yes, Wicked was also a play.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information about that.
You're welcome.
Yes, he wrote The Miracle of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories.
Braveheart also stars Mel Gibson. Do you like his work?
It was released in 1994.
You're welcome.
I think he wrote the book called Cloud Atlas, where you aware of that.
It is written in English. Did you know that Stephen King also wrote The Bone Clocks.
It was written by Stephen King. Are you into Stephen King's work?
No problem
Sure, he directed Super. He also directed Super. Have you seen that movie?
Slither is starring Bruce Willis, Eddie Redmayne, and Leonard DiCaprio.
He also directed and starred in the movie "Slither."
I hope you enjoy.
Paul Werstine wrote The Merchant of Venice and Much a do About Nothing.
Yes, that's right. The Tragedie of Antony was also written by Paul Werstine.
I'm sorry. I don't have that information right now.
Elysium is a thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like thrillers?
The movie is not a movie, but it is science fiction/Drama. Do you like that genre?
He's been in a lot of movies. He was in the movie The People Speak, which is a science fiction movie.
I'll have to check that out, thanks.
I hope you like it!
I am not sure about his last album. I do not know what song he was in.
Yes it was. I'm not sure if that was a popular one. I'm not sure if it was a popular one.
I like him too. He's a great singer. I also like his song Whatcha say.
I like them too. I'm more of a rock fan. How about you?
Yes, I do. Have you read рестуление и накаание и накаание и накаание и накаание и накаание и накаание и накаание и накаание и накаание и накаание и накаание накаание и he wrote рестуление и
It was released in рестуление и накаание
Its a fiction book
I think he is a Brazilian jiu-jitsu champion?
He also plays for the Brazilian national team.
I'm not sure, but I know she's from Brazil.
He wrote A Brief History of Time: From The Big Bang to Black Holes which was released in 1987.
He also wrote The Taming of the Big Bang to Black Holes which was released in 1971.
It has a great cast. Judy Greer and John Lennon are a few of the main actors.
Enjoy!
I like his song New Perspective. What about you?
That was written by Frances Mayes. Would you like more books by this author?
Under the Tuscan Sun was released in 1999.
Under Magnolia was released in 2001.
Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier is one of my favorite movies
The Pacifier is a genre Thriller and crime. Do you like those genres?
Underdog is a genre Thriller and Drama.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
City of God is a crime movie. Do you like because it is a crime movie?
The Escapist is starring Seu Jorge. It is a thriller.
Yes. He starred in The Escapist. Steven Mackintosh also starred in The House of God.
He wrote Thirteen Reasons Why and The Future of Us. Have you read either of those?
You can try Fifty Shades of Grey by John Lee Hancock. It is also a young adult fiction.
Sure. Witches Abroad and When the Wind Blows are another one you might enjoy.
It was released in 1981. Would you like to read it?
Hope you enjoy it.
City of Lost souls is written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
Yes, she did. The Mortal Instruments was released in 2001.
My apologies. I do not have that information.
You're very welcome.
The Historian is a book written by Elizabeth Kostova. It's a suspense thriller starring Sandra Bullock.
If you like suspense, you'll like Without Fail and Without Fail.
I'm not sure. I do not have the information about Thriller. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Messenger is a good one
Did you like it because it was starring Tate Donovan?
Yes, he did. He also starred in Welcome to Sarajevo.
It's a romance film and it's a drama.
You're welcome!
Sure. Didn't that movie star Robert Downey Jr.?
The Ghost is a Game of Thrones. Do you like Game of Thrones?
Yes, he is. Val Kilmer starred in the movie The Shadows.
You are welcome!
Sure! He directed Snow White and the Huntsman. Have you seen that?
Yes she did, she was the main star
He also wrote Toy Story, have you heard of that?
You're welcome!
Rick Riordan wrote that book. His book is based on Greek mythology.
It was a good one. If you like Rick Riordan, you might also enjoy The Lightning Thief.
You're welcome.
I think that he's a very good songwriter. Did you know that he composed the music for The Weeknd?
The Muppets! She also starred in Spring Breakers and Ramona and Beezus
I liked that movie too, Zach Galifianakis was also in the movie What Happens in Vegas, did you know that?
I love her! Did you know she was in Men in Black 3?
Yes, I like Will Smith, I know he starred in this movie with Will Smith.
Yes, he did, he was also in it. It's a romantic comedy. I highly recommend it!
Sure, he wrote Terms of Endearment.
Certainly, if you like adventure you'd like X-Men you'd like X-Men 2 or Wonder Boys.
I think you'd like a good movie, The Girl Wanted is a good one.
He directed This Is the End and The Interview.
Great, Emma is a great actress!
Yes, This is the End, it has a genre of Fantasy.
You are welcome enjoy
Yes, John G. Avildsen wrote The Guernsey Literary and the Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you read that?
Yes. The Karate Kid is in the genre of The Karate Kid. Another movie in that genre is Slither.
The Last Dragon stars Keanu Reeves, Josh Brolin, and J. K. Rowling.
Yes, she is starring in the Cosby Show.
You're welcome!
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix actually has a sequel called Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince. Another title in the same genre is The Hunger Games.
The Queen of Attolia is Historical fiction
Do you like the movie because of its Fantasy or Adventure?
There are 3 parts in this series, only 5 parts
Yes, it is directed by JK Rowling
You are welcome
Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Fear.
Have you read The Clan of the Cave Bear? I highly recommend it.
Sure! The Shelters of Stone is a historical novel that was released in 1993. It is a historical novel, and is the first of a trilogy.
Zoe's Tale is a great book. It was written by John Scalzi and released in 2008.
You're very welcome!
Derek Jacobi starred in a lot of movies. I like his acting in Unforgivable Blackness and Underworld:Evolution. Are those appealing to you?
Unforgivable Blackness also stars Mike Colter and Reese Witherspoon
He sure does, he also starred in the movie The People Speak, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade
Yes, he did. He is a great actor.
He is an athlete. He plays cricket for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
I'm more of a football fan. I'm more of a football fan. What about you?
I do. She's a tennis player from the United States of America.
Wow, I see. Is he a good athlete?
I think he is a really good basketball player but I like his team the Denver Broncos. Do you like basketball?
Yes, they are great. I like Space Jam too. Have you seen it?
I love him! He directed Mystic River, I think you'll really enjoy it!
Probably so, however their coach John Fox seems very effective.
Sure, The Sea of Monsters was written by Rick Riordan. Are you a fan of young adult fiction?
It is speculative fiction
The Looking Glass Wars written by Frank Beddor is Fantasy
F. Scott Fitzgerald is a great author. Have you read The Curious Case of Benjamin Button or The Great Gatsby?
It was released in 2001. Have you read it?
He has written a lot of books including The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Great Gatsby. Have you read those?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Michael Crichton wrote a book called Disclosure that he also wrote a book called Disclosure.
Crichton is related to Crichton. He also wrote a book called Disclosure.
It has a genre drama and was released in 1995.
You're welcome.
A couple of my favorites are The Incredibles and Ratatouille. Both great movies!
Yes! Jason Lee is a great actor. He also starred in Oldboy.
You're very welcome!
Great Expectations: Pip's Name and Going Astray: Dickens and London.
It is a speculative fiction, do you like that genre?
Jeremy Tambling has also written Four Wishes and Xenocide
Have you heard You Need Me, I Don't Need You?
Yes, it was
Sure, he wrote Better Luck Tomorrow, he's a Teen genre.
It's a Satirical Science Fiction novel written by Kurt Vonnegut. Would you like to know more about the book?
Siddhartha was written by Hilda Rosner and Hermann Hesse. Would you like more books by her?
The Thief of Always was written by Charlaine Harris. It's a Young-adult fiction novel.
He also wrote a book called Temptation of Chris.
You're welcome!
Yes, it's a great movie. I also like Fantasy genre. Do you like Fantasy movies?
Then you might enjoy The Return of the King starring Billy Boyd.
I'm not sure. I haven't seen that one. I just know he is an athlete.
Definitely! The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes is part of a series. The next in the series is The Complete Novels and Stories. Have you read it?
Great! He has written The Complete Novels of Sherlock Holmes. Would you like to know more about Arthur Conan Doyle?
It appears to be a Speculative fiction.
It is a Detective fiction, so if you like mystery you'll like The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes.
The Girl on the Train was directed by Paula Hawkins
The Girl on the Train was written by Rebecca Wells.
I'm not sure if there are any other films filmed in Mexico, but The Girl on the Train was filmed in New York.
Yes I love Sam Smith's music! I like his old music but I like his old music a lot. I like his new stuff like The Pursuit of Happyness. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure, but I heard she was a good actress
I do! She's a great actress. She is also a model.
I do! He's a great director. Did you know he directed The Cool World.
Yes, Nora Dunn starred in it. She also starred in Three Kings
If you like movies with David O. Russell, you might also like The Rings of Fire.
You're welcome, enjoy
Sure, Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995. Do you like the book because of its story line?
Yes, Billie Letts also wrote The Crucible.
Yes, it is a drama. Do you like drama?
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
You're welcome!
Mark Margolis starred in The Wackness, The Girl Next Door, The Secret of My Success, The Secret of My Success, The Secret of My Success, The Secret of My Success, and The Virgin's Lover. Have you seen any of these films?
Yes, Marisa Tomei starred in The Wrestler.
She starred in The Wrestler with Marisa Tomei.
Yes, it is a great movie, have you seen it?
You are very welcome! Enjoy!
He directed Legend of Tarzan and Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.
He also directed The Legend of Tarzan and The Order of the Phoenix, which is considered a historical period drama.
You're very welcome!
Sure, he wrote The Notebook and The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
The Sun Also Rises is another Historical fiction piece
You're welcome!
Sure, Stefan Kapicic starred in Deadpool and Deadpool. Do you like Deadpool?
It also stars Stefan Kapicic, Ryan Reynolds, and Tom Everett. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
It has a genre of Thriller, Sci-Fi, Adventure and Action.
Sure. Do you like JK Rowling's work?
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is also a good one
Sure, he wrote We Were Liars, The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks, and the Boyfriend List. Would you like to know more?
It is. It's in the English language. Did you know that she also wrote the book The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks?
Enjoy reading it.
Interstellar starred Matthew McConaughey. Do you like movies starring Matthew McConaughey?
X-Men: First Class is a Sci-Fi movie. Have you seen that?
Another great Sci-Fi movie is X-Men: First Class. Have you seen that one?
It stars Robert Pattinson, Josh Brolin, and he also starred in X-Men 2.
If you like sci-fi, you might also enjoy X-Men: First Class.
I know he is a country singer, do you like country?
It's a pop rock. Do you like this type of music?
It's a pop rock film.
He directed Equilibrium 3 and Equilibrium.
You might want to check out Terminator 2: Judgement Day also directed by Kurt Wimmer.
She was also in the science fiction film called Artificial Intelligence
No problem
He is a scientist and he is the director of The Verdict. Are you a fan of science fiction?
He also wrote How the Grinch Stole Christmas is a popular one
It is crime fiction
Sure, do you like The Selection because it is written by Kiera Cass or because it is a Young-adult fiction?
Sure, she also wrote The Siren, The Prince, The Siren, and The Prince. Have you read any of these?
Sure, hope you enjoy!
Have a great day
He directed Waking Life. Waking Life. what else can i do for you?
It is, so you might like Dazed and Confused.
You are welcome.
Sure, he directed Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
It was written by John Green. Do you like that book?
Yes, John Green wrote Paper Towns, Looking for Alaska, and Looking for Alaska.
How about Paper Towns?
I hope you enjoy Paper Towns!
Good Will Hunting was directed by Matt Damon. Do you like dramas?
He did. He also directed Restless, which is an Indie film.
Yes! He was also in The Pelican Brief and The Pelican Brief. Are you familiar with those films?
I hope so! Have a great day.
He wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames and When You Are Engulfed in Flames. Have you read either of those?
He's written a lot of things. He also wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames and SantaLand Diaries.
They are both fiction books. Do you like fiction books?
It was written by E. Lockhart in 2014.
E. Lockhart also wrote The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks. It was released in 2008.
It's about a film if you'd like to know about it. It's about a boy with facial differences attending elementary for the first time.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Charles Frazier starred in Thirteen Moons and Cold Mountain. Are you a fan?
Thirteen Moons has a genre of Historical novel.
Thirteen Moons was written by Charles Frazier.
You're welcome
I have never heard of them, are they a pop music boy band?
I'm not sure. I know he's a boy band. I'm more of a fan of their music.
Scott O'Dell starred in Island of the Blue Dolphins which was released in 1960
He wrote Island of the Blue Dolphins which was released in 1960.
Yes, he did. He also wrote a book called The Black Pearl.
He is a table tennis player from China. Are you a fan?
Yes, he participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
No problem. Can I help you with anything else?
Het Achterhuis: Dagboekbrieven 14 juni 1942 - 1 augustus 1944.
Yes, it was released in English
I don't know a anything by Eleanor Roosevelt, but I do know she was born in England.
You're welcome
That was written by Nicholas Pileggi and Martin Scorsese. It stars Vincent Pastore. Do you like movies with actors like Leonardo DiCaprio?
Robert De Niro starred in The Black Dahlia. Have you seen that?
Have you seen The Black Dahlia? It is a good one.
what Just Happened is starring Vincent Pastore and Rebecca Hall.
Yes. What Just Happened is also written by Art Linno.
you are welcome.
Do you like this because it is a crime movie?
Robert De Niro is a star in What Lies Beneath.
1998
You're welcome.
The Boston Celtics are a professional basketball team based in Boston, Massachusetts.
I do. I like to watch football. My favorite team is the Redskins. Do you watch football?
I like the Lakers. My favorite team is the Lakers. How about you?
I'm not sure about him, but he's a good player.
Yes, he starred in the Pianist.
Yes Jason Statham also starred in the movie Gone Baby Gone
Yes I will have to look it up.
She wrote Tuck Everlasting, which is a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy?
Yes, Tuck Everlasting is a romance. Do you like children's literature?
Yes, Voyager is a romance novel. It is published in 2011.
You're welcome.
Sure, do you like the movie because it is a comedy?
Roland Emmerich produced The Perks of Being a Wallflower. Would you like to know more?
Yes, it does star Tom McCarthy
You're welcome
I know that he starred in Gravity
It was released in 1994. Would you like more information about Gravity?
It was released in 2013 and was directed by Ridley Scott.
Zombies of Mass Destruction is also a Sci-Fi film
You're very welcome!
I think they are doing so far good this time. Did you know that Las Vegas is owned by Wayne Weaver?
I didn't know that. Is he a good owner?
Exactly. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan myself. Did you watch Super Bowl XLVIII?
Sure! The prestige is written by Jonathan Nolan
Yes, The Prestige is starring Scarlett Johansson and Michael Caine
Rebecca Hall starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
You are welcome
It's a war novel and is a war novel. Do you like that genre?
It is a war novel. Do you like that genre?
Catch 22 was written by Joseph Heller. He also wrote The War of the Worlds.
You are welcome.
P.C Cast wrote Tempted, Tempted, and Revealed.
It was released in 2012 and is considered a romance novel.
You're welcome.
Yes it's a good book. It was written by Charles Dickens. Have you read any of his novels?
It sure is. Did you know it was written by John Grisham?
Yes, she is. Did you know that Zadie Smith wrote White Teeth?
You're welcome.
John Lasseter wrote, directed, and starred in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade.
Cars 2 was released in 1998. It's a Romance film. Do you like Romance films?
Peter Jacobson has a voiceover voiced a voiceover as well as a voiceover.
You're welcome!
Not a whole lot but I do know he's married to Hayden Panettiere. Did you know he starred in Ocean Eleven?
She's married to Hayden Panetti. She starred in Ocean's Eleven. Did you see that film?
Yes, and Denzel Washington also produced and starred in the movie A Bug's Life. Did you know he also starred in this movie?
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football franchise based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
My favorite team is the Redskins, do you have a favorite team?
I am as well as the Seattle Seahawks. My favorite team is the Redskins
Was this the book written by Terry Pratchett? Or Neil Gaiman?
Terry Pratchett also wrote Wyrd Sisters
I recommend Witches Abroad and Witches Abroad
He is on the Golden State Warriors. Are you a basketball fan?
I think he is 41 years old
Yes, and he is the point guard
No problem
Do you like him because he stars in films like The Silence of the Lambs or The Silence of the Lambs?
Ted Tally wrote The Silence of the Lambs as well as The Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen either of those?
I would also recommend The Silence of the Lambs, as well as The Silence of the Lambs.
You are very welcome!
I haven't seen that one but heard it's a great action movie. Have you seen all of the Transformers?
Shia Lebouf also starred in The Shawshank Redemption. Have you seen that one?
I like revenge too. If you like revenge you might also enjoy The Boy in the Striped Pajamas.
I'm not familiar with him but I know he's a basketball player from the United States of America.
I am not a basketball fan but if I had to choose, I would say I am a fan of the Miami Heat.
I believe so. It was a basketball game as well.
I don't know about Hush Hush but I can recommend you movies like Unfinished Tales of Nmenor and Middle-Earth
It is a series
It is a romance novel and it was written by William Shakespeare
You're welcome, enjoy!
thank you
He is a golfer from England. Do you like golf?
I'm not a big fan of golf but I do know he was in the 2010 PGA as well.
I've seen Happy Gilmore. I know he was in the movie
The Miami Dolphins are a great team. Didn't they win Super Bowl XLVIII?
I'm not much of a football fan either. I'm more of a Cowboys fan myself.
They were actually doing too! They were runner up for Super Bowl XXXII, though.
Yes, he wrote Rayuela
It was released in English and released in 1963. Are you a fan of English literature?
You're welcome.
Anne-Marie is a singer. Is that who you mean?
Yes. She was in a science fiction movie called The Giver. Did you know she is also a model?
I'm glad I was able to help. Did you know the book was based on Taylor Swift?
Are you talking about the book Looking for Alaska written by John Green?
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars, Paper Towns, and Looking for Alaska.
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars, Paper Towns, and Looking for Alaska.
No problem. Enjoy
He starred in both The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
In Cold Blood was written by Truman Capote. Have you seen Murder by Death?
I haven't seen it but I've heard it was good. I'm not sure if it came out, but I do know it was written by Truman Capote.
Yes, he starred in a lot of movies. I like his acting in Mystic River as well as Taken 2. Have you seen those?
It's a great movie! Mandy Moore and Kevin Dillion were also in it. It's a family film.
You should check out Yours, Mine and Ours and Zoom. They are both Animation films.
Yes, he was. I like Tim Allen too. He's a great actor!
Yes, he was. Larry Crowne was also written by John Ratzenberger.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes it is a great movie! It's a great movie. Do you like it because it's a science fiction?
If you like Sci-Fi movies you may enjoy X-Men: First Class and X-Men: A.E. Hinton.
E.T. was released in 1999 and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Great movie! It stars Russell Crowe, Paul Bettany, Michael Abbott, Jr., and Judd Hirsch.
You're welcome. He also starred in Funny Games.
He also starred in Zombieland and Yesterday Was a Lie.
You're welcome. Enjoy
Al Pacino, Marlon Brando, is starring in The Godfather Part III.
Sergio Leone is the director.
Yes, he is! He's also an actor.
He has starred in many films, including Horton Hears a Who! and The Scent of a Woman.
Witless Protection is a Crime Fiction film that was released in 1989.
Sure! Witless Protections is a thriller, so you might like it!
It also stars Jennifer Lopez and Liam Neeson.
You're welcome!
Anne-Marie is a singer. Is that who you mean?
Anne-Marie is a singer like Paul McCartney. You like music?
Anne-Marie is a singer like Paul McCartney. You like music?
Yes, I am a huge fan of Oldboy. I like some of the songs from them.
I personally enjoy their music! I am a huge fan of Linkin Park fan. They are very talented!
I'm partial to acoustic music genre. I listen to it all day. I'm a huge fan of their music.
How about movies he's starred in? I'm not showing anything on acting projects.
He also starred in the movie The Incredibles. Have you seen it?
He also starred in How to Train Your Dragon 2 and The Incredibles!
Yes, Tyrone Giordano was in the movie. He also starred in The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer, and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
She was also in the movie The Voyage of the Dawn Treader.
You're very welcome! Enjoy!
Sure, Sylvia Plath wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath. Have you read it?
The Journals of Sylvia Plath is a literary book, have you heard of it?
Apparently, she did write Poems of Sylvia Plath.
I'm not sure but I do know he starred in a lot of movies. He was in The Wiz and Billie Jean.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Ah yes, it's a whale. It was written by John Lennon and released in 1995.
Yes, he directed Deadpool. Have you seen that movie?
Deadpool is a superhero movie. Do you like superhero movies?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Glad to be of help
He wrote II Principe.
Il Principe was also written by Niccolo Machiavelli. He was also a musician!
Il Principe was also written by Niccolo Machiavelli. He also wrote Il Principe.
Il Principe was also written by Niccolo Machiavelli. He was also a musician.
Yes, he wrote The Captain America movies and The Civil War. Do you like football?
It was released in 1946.
It is! I'm sure you will enjoy it!
She has written many good books. including The Color Purple which was also a play. Do you enjoy books by female authors?
The Color Purple is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
Yes, i dont think so
Memento is written by Christoper Nolan
Angus Macfadyen starred in the movie The Dark Knight
you are welcome
Karim Benzema plays for the France national football team
Wow, I didn't know that. Do you know Karim Benzema play for Real Madrid?
I like them too! They have a lot of good players like, but not a fan of them.
The Scarlet Letter has genre historical period drama. Would you like recommendations based on this genre?
He wrote The World According to Garp, The Cider House Rules.
The World According to Garp is a Crime Fiction.
It was released in 1978.
You're welcome!
F. Gary Gray wrote Untamed: A House of Night Novel and The Art of Asking.
She's a great actress. She also starred in, Do you like her?
It was produced by Ron Clements and released in 2006. It is a science fiction film. Are you into science fiction?
Sure! I hope you enjoy!
Have you seen Ocean's Thirteen? Ocean's Thirteen is starring Brad Pitt?
Sure. The Fight Club is a drama film directed by Matt Damon. It stars Ocean's Thirteen.
I don't think so, but I do see that it is a comedy.
If you like Brad Pitt, you might like The Goonies.
You're welcome
It's a romance novel written by Kurt Wimmer. Do you like romance novels?
Simon McBurney also stars in Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, which is a romance film. He also starred in Willie Garson.
It is! It is considered a Romantic film.
Is he an actor or an athelete
You should check out Soccer. It stars Steve Buscemi and Ben Stiller.
That's interesting to know about a lot of people in India.
I think they are a great team. They are coached by Mike D'Antoni and Mike Brown. Do you like them?
He is a good coach. Do you know if he is a good  coach?
Yes it was written by Louis Sachar. It was released in 1892.
He also wrote Unfinished Tales of Nmenor and Middle-Earth. He was influenced by Louis Sachar.
Yes, Holes is a great book! It was written by Louis Sachar. I hope you enjoy it!
I know he plays basketball. He plays both positions shooting guard and shooting guard.
I'm not sure but I do know he won a NBA Rookie of the Year award too.
They are basketball movies actually. The Warriors are coached by Steve Kerr.
You're welcome!
Ethan Suplee is an actor and director. He starred in Vulgar
I am not sure, but I know he is a producer and a film producer. Kevin Smith produced the film
Sure. I hope you enjoy it.
Kevin Smith is a writer, director, and producer. He wrote, directed, and starred in the movie A Bug's Life.
You're very welcome! I hope you enjoy it.
I know that they are a soccer team, do you like soccer?
Not much, I know he played for Manchester United F.C. and the Brazil national football team
It was written by Terry Goodkind and is considered High Fantasy. It was released in 1994.
Sure, list are; The Pillars of the Earth, The Sparrow, and The Pillars of the Earth.
It falls under the genre Drama and Speculative fiction
Yes. Nineteen Eighty-Four is written by George Orwell. It's a Utopian fiction. Do you like fiction?
It is speculative fiction do you like that genre?
I don't know of any fiction novels by him. But he did write The Hangover Part II.
It is a Historical novel do you like that genre?
Great hope you enjoy it.
It is a fiction and historical fiction genre.
You are welcome.
You are welcome.
I know he plays football, but I don't know much about him.
Wes Welker is a great team! Did you know their team won the NBA All Rookie Team?
I like Stephen Gostkowski, he's on the New England Patriot's. He's a great quarterback though. He's he's from Seattle. I'm not sure if he's on his team.
I don't really know much about him. I know he is an infamous boxer for many years.
Yeah, he's probably one of the greatest boxers of all time. Do you like boxing?
Yes, he is married to Snoop Dogg.
The Time Machine was written by H.G. Wells who also wrote The War of the Worlds. Have you heard of it?
It was written by Cassandra Clare. Do you like her work?
The genre is crime fiction
Twilight is written by stephanie meyer. Anything else I can recommend?
Then you'll love The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and The Frog. Both are romances.
Sure, it stars Steve Buscemi and Steve Buscemi. It's a sci-fi movie.
Great! Anything else I can help you with?
Andrew Garfield starred in Finding Forrester and The Social Network.
The Amazing Spider-Man is a science fiction film starring Andrew Garfield. Do you like science fiction movies?
Yes, she did. She also won the MTV Video Music Award for Video of The Amazing Spider-Man.
Sure. A similar book is The Happiness Project.
One of my favorites is How to Win Friends and Influence People. Have you read it?
He also wrote How to Win Friends and Influence People.
You're welcome.
Do you like the New York Yankees?
Jack Reacher stars Tom Cruise, Robert Duvall and David Oyelowo. It's a great sci-fi thriller.
Other thrillers in the same genre include Shark Night, Zodiac, and X-Men: First Class.
Katharine McPhee, Joshua Leonard, and Joshua Leonard also star in Shark Night.
I like him! He's a songwriter too.
Yes, he is a lyricist as well as a musician. do you like him?
some of his songs are Once Upon a Time in the West and Watching God.
Are you a fan of animated films? If so I would recommend The Incredibles.
Ratatouille is a great movie. It was released in 2010. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Se7en is a great movie. The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is another great movie
I would suggest The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. It's a crime Thriller. It's similar to The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
It stars Johnny Depp and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Hope you like them!
It was written by Paula McLain and released in 2011.
I have not, but I have heard of her. She wrote Circling the Sun. Have you heard of it?
I'm not sure, but it was released in 2012!
Yes, it was!
I think he is a really good singer. Did you know he won American Idol?
I love Stronger. Do you know if she is a singer or a model?
She has a long list of celebrity fans. I know she is a musician, do you like her?
i love reality television! idol. Have you seen it?
City of Fallen Angels is a great book written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
City of Fallen Angels was written by Cassandra Clare. Would you like more fantasy?
Sure, he wrote The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones, Circling the Sun, The Shadowhunter's Codex, The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass, and The Shadowhunter's Codex.
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, he directed Hotel Rwanada. Have you seen that?
It is a historical drama.
The Other Boleyn girl starred Robin Williams, Dr. Dre, and Dr. Dre.
The Other Boleyn Girl is a Biographical Film
The Other Boleyn Girl is a Biographical Film
The Other Boleyn Girl has a genre of Historical period drama. The Other Boleyn Girl is a Biographical Film
Sure. Franz Kafka wrote The Castle as well as Amerika
The Castle was released in 2003. It's a romance novel that was published in 2003. I'm not sure if you'd like it.
It's a fiction book. Do you like fiction? You may also like Der Zauberberg.
You're very welcome.
He directed the Goonies, starring Steve Antin and Richard Donner. Have you seen it?
It has a great cast. Catch Me If You Can has Nathalie Fray. It is a romantic comedy, do you like that genre?
Paula Hawkins is an American novelist, essayist, and writer. She wrote Inheritance and The Two Towers.
Yes, Paula Hawkins released a book in 2015
Glad to help
Sure, Kiera Cass wrote The Siren, The Prince, and The Prince. Have you read any of these?
The Siren is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
The Siren is a good one! It's similar to The Siren. It's similar to The Siren.
It was written by Percy Bysshe Shelley and is a speculative fiction. Do you like those genres?
It was released in 1818 and has a genre of Speculative fiction. Are you interested in any of these genres?
He also starred in The Percy Bysshe Shelley's Frankenstein. Have you seen that?
Yes, she also starred in You've Been Warned as well.
Yes, Paper Towns was written by John Green and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Are you referring to The Fault in Our Stars which was written by John Green?
I think he is a basketball player. Do you follow the sport?
Yes he was, do you know what team he plays?
Yes, they have become a point guard
The Scorch Trials is written by James Dashner. It's a young adult fiction film. Do you like that genre?
I hope you enjoy Way Station!
I have heard of that one. Would you like me to add it to your reading list?
Sure, do you like X-Men because it stars Ralph Fiennes or because it's a sci-fi movie?
Rosanna Arquette and Laurence Fishburne starred in this movie. She also starred in X-Men: First Class.
Volcano is starring X-Men. It was released in 2011. It stars Tom Cruise and Kevin Corrigan.
I have not seen it, but I know it was written by both Craig Pearce and Baz Luhrmann.
Yes! Missy Eliot was in a film that also starred in a lot of movies. It's a biography.
It had the male lead, but I'm not sure who was in it, though.
You're welcome
Cristiano Ronaldo plays for the Real Madrid C.F. a Portugal national football team
Not so much. I prefer American football. My favorite team is the Redskins. Do you like soccer?
I do like basketball. My favorite team is the Redskins.
Then I do, I love american football. How about you?
My favorite team is the Redskins, who is your favorite team?
Oh, I hope they do. They're a good team, who do you think?
Alan Rickman starred in The Wildest Dream.
Sure, Scarface is starring Al Pacino. Do you like Al Pacino?
You might like War of The Worlds. It's a classic.
Yes, you're right. She also starred in the movie The Sorcerer's Apprentice.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Jonathan Dayton has written a lot of books. He wrote Little Miss Sunshine starring Jennifer Lawrence.
Did you know that Steve Careel also wrote Little Miss Sunshine?
That one was released in 1997. It's a great movie.
You're welcome.
Yes, he is a singer, songwriter and a dancer
I'm not a big fan, but I know he is a lyricist
I'm not sure but I do know she has a lot of records in a career
Sure! What Alice Forgot is written by Liane Moriarty and was released in 2009. Are you interested in her work?
It was released in 2014. It's considered a drama. It was also made into a movie.
The Farthest Shore is a similar fiction piece.
Speakers of the Dead would be Speculative fiction
It is written by Sylvia Plath and it is a Science Fiction
you are welcome
Sure, do you like Aladdin because it's a sci-fi movie?
The Princess and the Frog is directed by Ron Clements
You're welcome
She is a great actress. Did you know she was in Men in Black 3?
She starred in the old version of The Edge of Glory. Would you like to see it?
She was in the Muppets too, I think I've heard that!
Do you like Coldplay because it was a band with Chris Martin?
Yeah, Yellow is a great song. I'm not sure if you haven't heard Yellow in a while. It was a recent release.
Yes! That was a great place. I'm not sure if they did.
He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen that?
He also starred in the movie The Road to El Dorado. It's a romantic comedy.
Yes she is. She also starred in a movie called Pledge.
No problem.
Kahil Gilbran wrote The Good, The Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that?
The genre is Speculative fiction. what else can i answer?
The Prophet was released 2003 what else can i do for you today?
you are welcome
Yes, he is a romantic actor. Do you like romantic movies?
Sure, he starred in Friends with Benefits, a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
It's a pop genre. Do you like pop music?
Yes, he is a great actor. Did you know he starred in The New York Times Best Seller?
The genre is speculative fiction
It was released in 2008
Is there anything else I can help you with
The Wolverine is a thriller, so you might like The Life Before Her Eyes and Captain America: Civil War.
It's a drama
He also wrote Return of the Mandy Moore
You are welcome
The movie Red stars Leonardo DiCaprio and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Mike Starr has starred in The Bodyguard, The Black Dahlia, and The Black Dahlia.
Sure, he also starred in the movie A Bug's Life. Have you seen that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have any more information about that.
Great choice, he directed Shooter starred Tate Donovan, and was released in 2013.
Robert De Niro and Rob Zombie are a big names you may recognize.
Yes, Tate did. Is there anything else I can help with?
I hope you like it!
The Godfather is written by Francis Ford Coppola, who also directed The Apocalypse Now
You might also enjoy The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and Gone, Baby, Gone.
I am not sure who stars in it, but it is directed by David Ayer.
Of course, Maleficent stars Olivia Wilde, Stephanie Sigman, James Franco and Sam Shepard.
Sure. She also starred in the movie A Bug's Life. Have you seen that one?
Yes! She was in it too. She also starred in it.
Yes and he also starred in it. Do you like Owen Wilson movies?
Did you know that Owen Wilson starred in a lot of movies? But he was in Zoolander 2?
He plays for the Germany national football team
He plays the Midfielder, and he is the Midfielder.
He also plays on the Germany national football team, which is a midfielder and a midfielder.
Cristiano Ronaldo plays for the Real Madrid C.F. a Portugal national football team.
It is a soccer player from the United States. Do you like soccer?
Yes, he is the captain of the team.
Sure, do you like Fantasy or Adventure movies?
Yes, he stars in Edge of Tomorrow. Did you know that he also wrote The Secret Life of Bees?
Then you might be interested in another film starring John Travolta called The Last Stand or The Avengers.
Yes she is in that movie as well, do you like her movies?
Ok great. i hope you enjoy it.
That's a good movie. Did you know that it stars Zooey Deschanel?
I like comedy, but I also like Johnny Depp. Do you like comedy?
They are both murder mystery. If you like murder mystery, you should check out Zooey Deschanel if you like murder.
I haven't seen Pacifier, is it a Thriller?
Margaret Stohl wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Creatures.
Sure. She wrote a couple of romance books. Two of those are What Looks Like Crazy on an Ordinary Day. Have you read either of those?
I'm not sure about that, but I do know she was influenced by Stephenie Meyer.
I like the Yankees, but I'm not a fan of the Yankees. I do like the Yankees.
He was born in New York, New York City, United States.
It was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald, do you like his movies?
I do not have that information, is there anything else I can help with?
I do not know what else he has done
I'm not sure but I do know that it was produced by Tom Hardy
I do not have that information. I do not have that information.
Yes he did star in that movie as well!
Yes, Good Will Hunting was written by Matt Damon. Do you like dramas?
Yes, Matt Damon also starred in Wreck-It Ralph
Yes, I have heard of them
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, they are owned by M Denise Debartolo York and a family ownership.
Yes, he was a great player. My favorite team is the San Francisco 49ers. Is he your favorite team?
Yeah, the Steelers had a good season this year
Do you like the Thorn Birds because it is a fantasy movie?
The Women of Brewster Place was written by Philip Pullman.
The Women of Brewster Place is starring Gloria Naylor.
She also starred in A Mighty Wind.
You should. The Color Purple is a popular one.
Dark Lover is speculative fiction novel written by J.R. Ward. It has a vampire them. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he was. I like fiction too. You like that genre?
The Mist was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Witches Abroad and Wizard's First Rule.
You might like Zoe's Tale, Xenocide, Xenocide, Xenocide and Wyrd Sisters. Xenocide is a sci-fi book.
You're welcome!
Shelley Duvall starred in Time Bandits. Do you like comedies?
Sure, it was produced by Steven Spielberg and is a horror film.
I think you would enjoy it.
You're welcome.
Oliver Hirschbiegel wrote The Invasion and Downfall.
The Invasion stars Anne Hathaway. It's a great comedy!
She also starred in the suspense film X-Men 2. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I know he's a basketball player. He plays for the Miami Heat. Do you like basketball?
She also stared in the movie The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
Yes, she has a talented voice. She's a voice actor, but she's also a actress and a actress. She starred in Snoop Dogg.
I haven't seen it, but I've heard it's amazing! Bradley Cooper was in one of my favorite movies, Who's the Boss?
The Muppets also had Men in Black since it was a very good movie. I think you'll like it.
Martin Gardner starred in The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
Essential readings for the Non-believer. It was released in 1865. It's a short story. Have you read it?
I'm sorry. I don't have any more information on any of his books.
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like Fantasy or Adventure movies?
He starred in the movie Troy, Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales
He starred in Zulu, did you know he also starred in Troy, another crime fiction movie
You're welcome
I like Sylvia Plath, she is a writer. Have you read any of her work?
He's a professional golfer. Do you play golf?
Yes, I love those movies! I also like Caddyshack. Did you know Adam Sandler was in that movie?
So did I. Did you see Hot Tub Time Machine?
Eric Bress directed the popular movie The Butterfly Effect.
It's considered a psychological thriller and science fiction.
You're welcome.
Sure the movie Now You See Me is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Pelican Brief was released in 1993. It is a drama directed by Roland Emmerich.
Yes, The Pelican Brief and The Pledge are also very good.
Sure, do you like Juno because it is a romance movie?
You might enjoy The Witch of Blackbird Pond. It is also part of a series.
It is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Bradley Cooper is a great actor. He also starred in X-Men 2. Have you seen that?
Bradley Cooper has been in a number of movies. He has starred in The Making of Star Wars, The Civil War, and The Pillars of the Earth.
Bradley Cooper has been in a lot of comedy movies. He also starred in The Hangover Part II, which is also a comedy
Yes, M.L Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans which was released 2012.
Yes, it was released in 2012, and it is a science fiction thriller
You should check out Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like another book from her?
Lullaby was written by Jean-Marc Natel.
He also wrote Insomnia and The House of Mirth.
Yes, its a great movie starring Vivica A. Fox and David Carradine and was released in 2013.
It is a good movie, have you seen it?
He also starred in You, Me, and Dupree, have you seen those?
Another one of my favorites is You've Got Mail. Have you seen it yet?
Sure, do you like Rocky because it stars Tom Cruise or because it is a drama film?
You might enjoy The House of Mirth, Lolita, or Catch-22. Have you seen any of these?
It's a martial arts film.
You're welcome.
Water for Elephants is written by Sara Gruen. Do you like her work?
Then you might like War of The Worlds. It's a historical period drama.
It was written by Rebecca Stead. It's a good one.
You're welcome.
I didn't know he was in the 2012 Olympics. Who was he?
I am not a huge basketball fan. Are there any basketball teams you follow?
I'm not sure, but I do know that he's married to Tana French!
Wow he must be good then! Wow he must be really good then!
Sure! The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time by Mark Haddon has genre Mystery.
He wrote The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time, which is a mystery. Have you read it?
The Godfather is written by Francis Ford Coppola, who also directed The Apocalypse Now
Yes it is a very similar movie. It was released in 1998 and starred by Tom Hanks.
The Godfather Part II is a Sci-Fi movie. Apocalypse Now is a good one.
Apocalypse Now was written by Francis Ford Coppola and starred Scarlett Johansson.
I do! She is a very talented actress.
Sure , if you like Prisoner of Shark Island you might also enjoy The Brothers Grimm
I do not know. I'm sorry
Definitely a Drama movie. It's a very good movie.
You're welcome
Sure, Meg Cabot wrote The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and White Oleander.
Underworld & fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
I don't know any other books by her, but she also wrote Underworld: Evolution and Underworld: Evolution.
You're welcome.
Do you like the actors in Insomnia, or are you interested in romance films?
Mark Wahlberg stars in War, The Perfect Storm, and The Amityville horror. Would you like to know more about the actors?
I'm not sure about the release date. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
Craig Ferguson starred in movies like Winnie the Pooh and Vampire Bats. Have you seen either?
Yes Craig Ferguson starred in Brave, Rio 2, and The Ugly Truth.
I'm not sure. I know it was released in 1979.
Yes, she is a tennis player. She is the current world No. 1 on the WTA Tour.
Shailene Woodley is a tennis player. Shes from Constanta, Romania and has also played in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Oh i didn't know much about tennis but she's from Belarus.
Yes, they are owned by M Denise Debartolo York and a family ownership.
Yea, he was a famous author. Did you know that the team is owned by John York?
It's a book, but I don't know if the title is the title.
127 hours is a Thriller similar to 127 Hours.
Those are great movies. If you like James Franco, you might also enjoy You, Me and Dupree.
Yes. He was also in a rom-com called X-Men.
The Wrestler is written by Vince Vaughn and stars Ernest Hemingway.
It's a romantic drama
your welcome
Yes, he is a cricket player from Dehli. Do you like cricket?
It's a soccer movie. Do you like soccer?
I'm not sure. I know a lot about basketball, but there's a film called soccer called soccer.
Yes, it is written by C.S. Lewis and is a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy?
He also wrote The Silver Chair and The Lion, The Witch and the Wardrobe. Have you read either of those?
It's considered Speculative fiction.
Glad to be of help
Sure. J.M. Barrie wrote Peter pan. He also wrote Where The Wild Things Are.
Yes, do you like the genre of this book because of it's author J.M. Barrie?
Yes, you may also enjoy The Boy in the Striped Pajamas written by Peter Pan.
Sure, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! The Sea Wolf is a science fiction novel.
It was written by Jane Austen and is a young adult fiction.
Yes, he wrote Paccka which was released in 1938.
Eecbl was written by Richard Pevear. It's a science fiction novel.
I'm not finding that information but I do know Eecbl is a Psychological Thriller.
The Cabin in the Woods is written by Drew Goddard.
I do not have that information right now. I can tell you that Kristen Connolly wrote The Cabin in the Woods.
I do not have that information but I can tell you that Kristen Connolly starred in Warcraft.
Sure. I hope you enjoy it!
Do you like it because it's a Sci-Fi movie or because it's an adventure movie?
Did you like the movie because it starred Henry Cavill or because it was a Sci-Fi movie?
Yes he also directed the popular Transformers series The Green Mile
Armageddon is also a Sci-Fi movie
That's right. Would you like me to play it for you?
The Blind Side is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, I recommend The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul. It is also a Biographical film.
It's about a historical period drama that was released in 1981. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome, enjoy!
She is a great tennis player. I like her sister Serena better.
I follow Serena Williams as well as Venus and her sister Serena
I am not sure, but I do know that Serena is also a tennis player.
Yes it is a great movie. It stars Ryan Reynolds and Chris Hemsworth. Do you like Superhero movies?
I haven't seen Woman in Gold, but I see The Proposal has genre Thriller. Are you a fan of thrillers?
I've seen The Other Boleyn Girl, but I haven't seen it yet. Is it good?
Do you like it because it is a Mystery or Drama?
It was directed by Ang Lee. Would you like to know more about movies starring Ang Lee?
Vivica A Fox, David Carradine and David Carradine starred in it.
It was released in 2004.
I haven't seen Superman Returns, what is it starring Tom Hanks?
It's a comedy. Do you like comedies?
You've Got Mail has Nicole Kidman in it.
Yes he was, he was a great actor.
I'll add that to your list.
youre welcome
The Deception Point was written by Dan Brown. The genre is Thriller, do you like thrillers?
you are i'm sorry what else can i do for you?
the good. have a great day
It was released in 2005. Have you seen Marley & Me: Life and Love?
No, but you are welcome. Enjoy!
The Wide Window is a romantic comedy, with a lot of actors in it.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
Yes, that's correct. Daniel Handle was a screenwriter for the movie.
You're welcome
Enjoy the movie!
Yes, Outlander is written by Charles Dickens. Do you like his work?
She also wrote The Scottish Prisoner and The Fiery Cross. Are you familiar with either of these?
She also wrote In Her Shoes , I am not sure if that is the case.
My Own Heart's Blood is the second book of the Outlander series.
He's a great soccer player, do you like soccer?
I don't follow football too closely, do you know who he plays for the Brazil national football team?
Yes Ryan Gosling was great in that movie. He also played for Real Madrid C.F. and the Brazil national team.
Roland Emmerich directed The Day After Tomorrow and Independence Day. Have you seen those?
That movie is a romantic film. Do you like romantic comedies?
He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine. Have you seen that?
Peter Kosminsky directed that movie. Would you like me to add it to your queue?
Madonna that dated Guy Ritchie and Sean Penn?
I like Tim Blake Nelson. He's a great songwriter. What about you?
Thriller is Shark Night. Shark Night is a thriller. What is your favorite song?
They're a good football team. Didn't they win Super Bowl XXXVIII?
I have heard of the Jets, but I'm not a big fan of football. What sport do they play?
I believe the New York Jets made a lot of money in their contract.
He wrote Snatch which stars Stephen Graham. Are you a fan of him?
It was released in 1998 and is in the genre of Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Certainly! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I know he is a south korean boy band
They are very popular in the K-pop generation. Have you heard of them?
All I know is that they released a book about the topic of music.
Stefan Kapicic has starred in Deadpool, Deadpool and Deadpool. Are you interested in movies like Deadpool?
Yes, he is! Do you like Sci-Fi movies like that one?
He's friends with Snoop Dogg. They are both rappers. Have you heard of him?
Yes, he is! I like Timbaland too, he's a great artist. Did you know he starred in Snoop Dogg, a comedy film.
Yes, he did! It's considered a thriller, do you like thrillers?
You're welcome!
She starred in Time Bandits. Do you like comedies?
Time Bandits was produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and produced by Jerry Bruckheimer. It was released in 2001.
It's a Thriller and was released in 2001. It's a very popular film.
She was also in Star Trek. Do you like her?
Donna Tartt wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read either of these?
It's a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
Donna Tartt wrote The Little Friend and The Goldfinch. They are both fiction books.
Yes, it's a fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Sure, he starred in a lot of action movies. Do you like Thrillers like that one?
I'm not sure, but you might like to check out Man on a Wire or State of the Union.
That correct. Do you like Dwayne Johnson?
I'm glad I could help!
Yes, he is a cricket player and plays for the Mumbai Indians.
I've heard a little about him. Is he from India?
Yes. He plays on the New England Patriots.
Well I hope the Eagles win again that's another team that I like. What do you think?
Sure, she starred in The Wild Life and The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you seen those movies?
She was! She was also in the X-Men series as well. Have you seen those?
If you like adventure, you should check out Zoolander 2 if you haven't seen that.
I'm sure you do. I'm sure you will love it!
Audrey Niffenegger wrote The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you read that?
It's a Thriller.
Stanlee was written by J.K. Rowling
Sure, she starred in both "Memento" and "Skin Trade."
It was written by Robert C. O'Brien and stars Thomas Lennon and Jorja Fox
He wrote The Dark Knight, which is a Mystery. He also wrote The Dark Knight Rises
Added to the watch list
I am not a huge football fan but if I had to choose, they were runner ups in Super Bowl XXXII. You like them?
My favorite team is the Redskins but my favorite team is the Washington Redskins.
They were ok. They were runner ups for Super Bowl XXXVIII.
I don't know much about the Cowboys. They are a team in the NFC East.
Yes, he wrote Les Miserables. Are you a fan of his work?
I'm sure I haven't read any of his work, but I do like Fantasy. You like Fantasy?
I'm sorry, I don't have any similar books, but there's a tv film called Unforgivable.
I recommend Superman Returns if you like superhero movies.
Robert De Niro is one actor in this movie.
Deadpool was released 2008 and is a superhero film.
I hope you like it!
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
I think he is a good football player. He plays for the Belgium national football team.
Soccer is the most popular sport in Europe.
Thanks. I'm glad I was able to help.
Yes she is. She starred in Spring Breakers. Have you seen that movie?
I don't remember seeing him in that movie. I do like Men in Black 3.
No, I haven't seen it, but I'll check it out. Enjoy it!
Step Brothers is a comedy film starring Al Pacino. Do you like comedies?
John C. O'Reilly both starred in Sex and the City.
It was released in 1997, and it's hilarious!
Sure! The Tragedy of Macbeth was written by William Shakespeare and released in 1606. What else can i do for you?
The Tragedy of King Richard the Third is written by William Shakespeare.
It's genre is speculative fiction.
It looks like he is.
Sure, he directed The King's Speech, The Damned United, and The King's Speech.
The King's Speech has genre Historical period drama. Do you like history movies?
The Zero Effect was released in 1995.
The Denver Broncos are ok. I like their coach John Fox. Do you like them?
I think he was a defensive back then. He was a good player though.
That's right. I think he also coachedcoached the Patriots.
Nicolas Cage starred in Face/Off. Would you like to know more?
I am a big fan of You Da One and Watch N' Learn. Did you watch that movie?
It was a good movie. Do you know who also starred in it?
I think you should. It is a good movie. It is a historical period drama.
Yes, he is a singer-songwriter. Do you like him?
It is a pop rock film. Do you like that type of music?
I do as well!
No I haven't seen it but it was written by Johnny Depp. Do you like Johnny Depp?
Yes he was, he also starred in it as well. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, I have seen it. It is also written by Hunter S. Thompson and starred Holly Hunter.
I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
Are you looking for something in the same genre or by the same author, J.K. Rowlings?
Then you might enjoy Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them or Under the Never Sky.
Juraissic has a genre of Historical period drama. Are you interested in films that have been made into films?
Z for Zachariah is a good one.
Yes, he was in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, and Starship Troopers
Starship Troopers is starring Angelina Jolie, Robert Duvall and Ray Winstone
Some other adventure movies are Zombieland, Wolverine and the X-Men
I'm not sure but he did star in X-Men: First Class
He wrote Wizard and Glass, The Graveyard Book and The Sandmand: Endless Nights.
Yes, it was co-written by him. It was released in 1977.
Yes, he's also a great writer as well. He has written a couple of books including The Stand, which is a fiction book.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, I do. Forrest Gump starring Tom Hanks is an animated film.
I don't know much about football, but I do know the team is owned by Lovie Smith
My favorite player is Adrian Peterson
he play midfielder
They are going to make the playoffs
I'm not a huge fan of her, but I do like her song Tina. Are you a fan of hers?
She has starred in a lot of movies. Would you like to know about any of those?
Yes, Liam Neeson was a good actor
He's a great artist! Have you heard of his song I Like It?
yes he was in Desperado. he was also in Rio de Janeiro.
I'm not sure what is her latest album but i did like the song Enrique.
Do you like historical fiction genre?
It's a very popular novel. It was released in 1853. Have you read it?
If you liked the book Charlotte Bronte if you liked it. Have you read it?
Robin Buss also wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo released in 1844.
The author of Le Comte de Monte-Cristo is Robin Buss. Have you read it?
It was written by Robin Buss, and it's a speculative fiction.
Station Eleven was written by Emily St. John Mandel in 2014. What else can I do for you?
Of course, she wrote The Giver, Last Night at Chateau Marmont, and This Is the End.
It's a Psychological Fiction, and was released in 2015.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes,It was written by Rick Yancey. Are you a fan of his work?
Yes, I do. He also wrote The Last Star and The Infinite Sea.
Yes, he does. He also wrote The Last Star and The Infinite Sea. Do you like him?
Sure, he wrote Company Man. It is a Thriller. Do you like Horror?
It was written by Robert Jackson. He also wrote Time (Drama Film).
It was released 1867
Sure, do you like the book because it's romance or because it's romance?
If you like historical period dramas, you should enjoy A Walk to Remember. Have you seen it?
The film stars Robert Pattinson, Reese Witherspoon, and Margaret Atwood. It's a very good movie.
Sure. Enjoy the movie!
Yes Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet is written by Jamie Ford Do you like Historical fiction?
You're right. Songs of Willow Frost was released in 1997.
I think it is somewhere in the United States of America.
That's correct. I haven't read that one. I've heard of it.
Batman Begins is Sci-Fi. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Okay, have you seen The Civil War? It stars Morgan Freeman.
The Running Man and The Civil War. Have you seen them?
Are you looking for other books by Josh Grisham?
You might also enjoy Into the Wild. It was written by John Grisham. Have you read that?
Anything else I can help you with?
Margaret R. Higonnet wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
Tim Dolin also wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray, which was released in 1891
He also wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray, which was released in 1891
Robert Galbraith also wrote Silkworm. Are you into crime fiction?
She also wrote The Silkworm.
You are very welcome. Please enjoy
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is in the genre of Fantasy. Do you like Fantasy?
It is young adult fiction
The Looking Glass Wars written by Frank Beddor
The genre is adventure fiction
your welcome
Do you like books by J.D Salinger? He also wrote Franny and Zooey
The Catcher in the Rye was written by J.D Salinger.
The Swordfish is another good one
I do, he starred in a lot of action movies. Have you seen those?
I'm not sure, but he was also in he was in a movie called The Lord of the Rings
It's a comedy. Do you like comedies?
You're welcome. Anything else I can help with?
Great, hope you enjoy it!
I think he is from Oakland. Did you know that he's a basketball player?
My favorite player is Lebron James. He is a basketball player.
He is a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks, but he is a point guard.
Sure, do you like books by J.D Salinger? He also wrote Raise High the Roof Beam
You might like Raise High the Roof Beam, Carpenters. It's a biography.
I know they are a K-Pop boy band. Do you like them?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm not really into Pink. Is she a singer?
It is a great book. It is written by Iain Cassandra Clare.
It was released in 1991. The Poisonwood Bible is also considered a historical novel.
I would try World Without End, it is a very good book.
Great! You should try The Night Watch, it's a very good one.
You're very welcome!
Yes. Looper stars Bruce Willis. It's a great Sci-Fi movie. Have you seen it?
yes that is true. anything else i can answer?
have a good day
A Beautiful Mind is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Sure, he directed the movie A Beautiful Mind, which is a psychological thriller.
You're welcome
That book is written by Tony Gilroy and Erik Larson and was released in 1996.
He also starred in Someone Like You and also in Someone Like You. Would you like to know more about those?
It is a comedy.
You're very welcome
Catcher in the Rye is a novel written by J.D Salinger.
Fifty Shades of Grey is a good one.
You are welcome
I don't know much about football, but I do know he's from Argentina
It was released in 1994. Do you like the book because of the story line?
Virginia Woolf starred Will Smith, Rachel Weisz, Robin Williams, and Rupert Graves.
It's classified as a drama as well as a comedy. I think you'd enjoy it.
Sure, Fiona Stafford wrote Emma. It's a romance novel. Are you into that genre?
Philippa Gregory wrote Wideacre. Do you like her work?
It is a Historical novel, so you may also like The Virgin's Lover and The Other Boleyn Girl
Yes, she is, she also wrote The White Queen.
You're welcome!
Sure, Arsenal is a sports team. It is a sports team.
They play in the NFC North. They're a good team. Did you know their coach is Mike McCarthy?
I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. Are you a Dallas Cowboys fan?
Yes, Wally Lamb is a great actress. Are you a fan of hers?
This Much Is True is indeed a fiction novel. Is that something you'd like?
I haven't read it, should I check it out?
I will welcome
The Miami Dolphins are a great team. Didn't they win Super Bowl XLVIII?
Not much of a football fan. My team is the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
I've been a Denver Broncos fan since they were the runner ups.
Do you like the movie because it is a crime fiction?
It stars Jennifer Lawrence, Josh Hutcherson, and Larenz Tate. It was directed by Steven Spielberg.
It was released in 1990 and was directed by Steven Spielberg.
You're welcome!
I agree! She is very talented! She starred in a lot of movies. Did you know that she starred in a lot of TV shows?
Yes, she is. She was also in a tv show on Dancing with the Stars. Have you heard of it?
Zoey 101 is starring Liam Neeson, Thank Me Later
You're right! She has a lot of support.
It was written by several people including Taudl Junge. It is a war film.
Windtalkers was directed by Roland Emmerich. He also directed Independence Day, which is a war film
Certainly! Enjoy!
The Catchter in the Rye has a genre of Thriller and crime fiction.
I would recommend Witches Abroad, Witches Abroad and Witches Abroad.
You got it! I hope you enjoy!
You're welcome, enjoy!
It's a great movie. It stars Daniel Henney, Damon Wayans Jr and Abraham Benrubi.
Yes! Ralphander is a sci-fi movie. Have you seen it?
Yes. That's a great movie. Did you know that Maurice Sendak starred in it as well?
Mindy Kaling was a writer and actor as well as a producer.
You're welcome!
The Miami Dolphins are a professional American football franchise based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
I like them too! Who is your favorite team?
Tony Romo is a football player from the United States.
Have you seen the Royal Tenenbaums?
Owen Wilson was in the film called Owen Wilson. He was also in The Royal Tenenbaums. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, it has a minor role, but I'm not sure about anything.
Justin Rose is a golfer. Do you like golf?
I don't know a lot about him, but I do know he's a professional golfer from England.
I don't know a lot about golf but I do know he's from England.
Sure! Virginia Woolf wrote To The Lighthouse and The Waves.
Yes, she wrote The Things We Do For Love, The Magician's Nephew, and The Spirit.
It was released in 1931. Would you like to read it?
Sure! I hope you enjoy!
He is an American professional basketball player for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association. Are you interested in Basketball?
He currently plays for the Seattle Seahawks, is a basketball team?
Yes, I like the Denver Nuggets
Shelly Duvall starred in a lot of movies. Do you like comedies?
It's a Historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
You're very welcome.
Yes, he directed X-Men 2. Have you seen that yet?
Yes. He directed Public Enemies, which is a romance film. He also directed Public Enemies.
It's a drama, do you like those types of movies?
Frances Mayes is a great tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I'm not sure. However, she also wrote Under the Tuscan Sun, which was made into a movie.
I hope you enjoy it!
I do, she's very talented. Aside from being a writer, she's also a model and a actor.
Do you know if she is related to Taylor Swift?
She is also in the movie Man on Wire.
I don't know much about football, but I do know the team is owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
I like Roethlisberger. He's a screenwriter though.
She wrote Dark Star and Night Star. Have you read either of those?
I don't know any other books by her, but you might enjoy Shadowland, speculative fiction
You're right. Do you know anything about Evermore?
You're welcome
I know he plays for the Colombia national football team. Do you like football?
Yes he plays for the Colombia national football team.
Radamel Falcao is a Midfielder and Forward.
Yes it is a great movie. It is a teen film and drama. Do you like it because it is a drama?
It's a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he also wrote The Great Diary of a Young Girl.
There's Dead Poets Society written by Tom Hanks as well. It is a Drama.
No problem.
Yes, he wrote Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. Do you like Harry Potter?
Yes, he did. J.K Rowling wrote both The Casual Vacancy and Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, The Silkworm was made into a movie and it has a genre of Mystery.
Yes, Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
I'm not sure but Milan Kundera was influenced by Zora Neale Hurston, but Milan Kundera was influenced by William Shakespeare.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum wrote Witness. what else can i do for you?
The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum starred in The Bourne Legacy. what else can i do for you?
The Bourne Supremacy is starring Matt Damon and is a great actor. Do you like action movies?
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit one of my favorite books. If you haven't read it I highly recommend it.
She also wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption. Have you read any of these?
The book was released in 1998. Seabiscuit is also a book released in 1998.
He directed Walk the Line, a biography. He also directed Girl Interrupted, and Kate & Leopold.
Yes, she was. If you like Johnny Cash, then you'll like her in Sex and the City.
She won the MTV Video Music Award for Video of The Year in 2001.
She also wrote Beautiful Creatures that was released in 1997. Have you seen that one?
No problem, enjoy!
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like books by F. Scott Fitzgerald?
World Without End is another book written by Harper Lee
Okay, if you like to read it then you'll like The Sun Always Rises.
Jason Cope starred in District 9 and Dredd. Do you like Thrillers?
Spud is a Thriller
He also stars in the movie Serena
It stars John Travolta
He directed Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. Great movie!
The Return of a Man Called Horse is a 1986 American science fiction thriller film
You're welcome.
He starred in Unaccompanied Minor, The Other Guys, The Hangover Part II and The Other Guys.
Yes, he stars in the Other Guys as well as Jodi Foster and Chris Hemsworth
It was released in 1995
You're welcome
Sure. He starred in Cutthroat Island, The Long Kiss Goodnight, The Long Kiss Goodnight, The Long Kiss Goodnight, The Long Kiss Goodnight, The Long Kiss Goodnight, The Long Kiss Goodnight, All About Evil.
You're right. Ned Bellamy was in The Shawshank Redemption. Are you looking for a romantic comedy?
Yes he is. He was also in The Colditz Story and The Dark Knight.
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
Blood Diamond is a romance film and was directed by James Cameron.
Do you like the New York Yankees?
Yeah, he's great! He also starred in The Aviator, The Aviator, and The Aviator.
Inception is a great movie! It was written by Christopher Nolan, who also directed The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
Yes, he did. He also starred in Avatar and True Lies as well.
Sure, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, 50/50 is in the Romance genre. Do you like those types of movies?
Okay, one actor who starred in the movie is Jennifer's Body. Have you heard of that movie?
Sure, Vanessa Fertilio starred in a lot of movies, including Unforgivable Blackness, and Underworld:Evolution.
You're welcome
Yes. The Brooklyn Nets is a basketball team. Do you like basketball?
Yes, they are. The Washington Wizards are a basketball team too.
I haven't seen Nanking. Didn't Stephen Dorff direct the movie?
Yes! She is a wonderful author. Have you read The Little House Collection?
These Long Winter is a novel and was released in 1953. It is a romance novel.
If you like historical fiction, you should check out These Happy Golden Years. It is also a historical novel.
Sure thing. I'm sure you'll enjoy this book.
Sure, he wrote Thunderstruck. Have you read that book?
I haven't seen a drama, but I've heard it's a good drama. I'm hoping for a good start.
Sure! Do you like dramas? If so, you might also enjoy The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
It's Afraid of Desire has a great cast. It was released in 1920 and is considered a play.
It was written by Dave Pelzer
It is written by Dave Pelzer
Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier is one of my favorite movies
Jim Belushi also starred in No Strings Attached, which is a really good movie.
It was released in 2004.
You're very welcome.
The Devil Wears Prada is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Tobey Maguire starred in this movie
The Devil's Friend is a romance movie
It was directed by Quentin Tarantino
It was released in 2004
Your welcome
Sure, do you like movies she's starred in? She's starred in a lot of movies. She's also in The Longest Yard and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
James Rodriguez is a football/soccer player. He plays for the Colombia national football team.
Yes, they are very good. Rodrguez was also a midfielder as well.
I don't know, but I do know that Falcao is a Midfielder.
Robert De Niro is also known for his roles in Colombia.
Will Smith, Will Smith, and Will Smith all starred in that movie.
That was a great movie starring Yeardley Smith and produced by James Patterson, would you like to see more of his movies?
It stars Jack Nicholson and Jack Nicholson, and is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
It was released in 1999 and is an action film.
Your welcome
They are owned by Wayne Weaver. Do you like football?
The team is owned by Lebron James.
Yes, I do like football. How about you?
It looks like she plays badminton, I believe. Did you know she was born in New Delhi?
Yes, she did! That's where she played. She was actually born.
My favorite swimming team is the Washington Redskins. How about you?
He was from India.
You're welcome!
Sure. He wrote Two By Two, True Believer, Three Weeks with My Brother, The Notebook and many others.
It was released in 2014 and is in English.
He also wrote The Notebook and A Walk to Remember.
Yes, he was and it's a film producer.
Tony Hendra was a comedian and an actor as well as a writer
Thank you
Pulp Fiction was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Yes, you're right. It's a sequel. It's called Reservoir Dogs. Do you like Pulp Fiction?
Yes she is. She was also in Pulp Fiction as well.
Your welcome. Hope you enjoy it!
Sin City is a great movie. Did you know that it was directed by Robert Louis Stevenson?
Sin City is a crime fiction film, do you like those?
Emile Zola is starring in Gentlemen Broncos
No problem!
Sure do you like Khaled Hosseini?
Yes, it was edited by David Benioff.
Yes, there is a similar book, The Kite Runner and The Kite Runner.
Sure, enjoy!
Christina Lamb was influenced by George Orwell. Do you like fiction?
Yes, he did. Veronika is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure about that, but I do know he directed The Alchemist.
Sure! J.M. Barrie wrote Peter pan and Peter Pan. Are you a fan of speculative fiction?
I'm sorry but I do not have that information.
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like to know more?
It was released in 1997, and is considered a drama.
You might enjoy Gone with the Wind, which is a drama. It's also a drama.
It's written by Benjamin Button and is a thriller.
It was released in 1925. Would you like to know anything else?
If you like Thriller, you should watch Shark Night. It stars Kyla Pratt.
Jane Eyre is a novel written by Michael Mason. Do you like him?
She also wrote The Professor, Shirley and Villette. Have you read either of those?
It's a Villette is in the genre of Gothic Fiction and Social Criticism.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen. Do you like her work?
Sarah Dessen also wrote What Happened to the People? and It's a Young-adult fiction.
This Lullaby is considered children's literature.
Me too! Marc Webb directed The Amazing Spider-Man 2. Have you seen that?
Yes, Steve Kloves also wrote The Amazing Spider-Man. Is there anything else I can help with?
Emma Stone is a great actress. Did you know she also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man?
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
I think he is a good singer
AB de Villiers played cricket too. He's a great player.
Not so much. I am more of a football fan.
Baz Luhrmann directed The Great Gatsby and Moulin Rouge!
It starred Robert Pattinson, Jodi Foster, and Meryl Streep.
You're welcome
You're welcome
Yes it is a great movie. It was written by Meg Cabot. Did you know it was released in 1920?
Some good Disney movie is The Good Dinosaur.
The Princess and the Frog is an animated movie. Do you like animated movies?
That is a great movie, it was written by John Lennon, he has a great cast.
Sure! The Call of the Wild is written by Jack London. It's a Historical novel. Do you like Historical Fiction?
You might like The Sea Wolf. It was also written by John Green.
It's a book by Robert C. O'Brien and is a fiction book. Is that something you'd like?
I have not, but I know it was released in 2011
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on that author. I do not have that information.
I hope you enjoy it! Have a great day!
You're welcome, enjoy!
i hope you enjoy.
She starred in X-Men: First Class. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, Robert De Niro starred in Silver Linings Playbook
Meet the Parents has genre comedy. It was released in 1995.
Sure, enjoy
The Arizona Cardinals are owned by Bill Bidwill. They are part of the NFC West.
The Bears are looking good this year. I am not a team based in Chicago. Do you follow football?
I don't really follow football as much so I don't know much about football. Are they having a good season?
That was written by Toni Morrison. Other books by the Beloved are The Handmaid's Tale and The Red Tent.
You might enjoy The Maze Runner or The Devil's Advocate. Both are historical fiction books.
Actually he is starring a lot of different actors. Would you like me to recommend some other action/fantasy movies?
Ariana Grande is a great performer. Do you know if she acted or not?
Yes it is. I am not sure if Liam Hensworth is a good songwriter though.
I'm glad I was able to help. I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! The Lucky One is a romantic drama written by Will Fetters and Nicholas Sparks, are you a fan of this author?
He also wrote One. Both are a romantic comedy. Do you like romance?
The Notebook was made into a movie. It's a romantic comedy. I think you'd enjoy it.
You're welcome.
Sure, Jean-Marc Vallée starred in The Sixth Sense which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It's a Thriller and Drama. Do you like those types of movies?
Yep, it's about a boy with facial differences attending elementary for the years.
Matthew Macfadyen plays young Victoria.
It's a historical period drama. Would you like to watch it?
She also starred in Wild at Heart.
Sure. Sending it now.
Fast and the Furious is starring Vin Diesel. Paul Walker starred in Fast and the Furious.
I recommend Fast and Furious 2 and Fast and Furious.
I am not sure who stars in Fast and Furious, but it is rated R.
Your welcome
Do you like the movie because it's a war movie?
World War Z was written by Max Brooks. Do you like him?
I have not watched that movie. I heard it was good. I am a fan of its creator, Frank Miller.
Sure, he also starred in X-Men Apocalypse and Winter's Bone.
Steve Jobs also starred in the movie Reign of Fire. Have you seen this movie?
You're welcome.
Cat's Cradle is written by Kurt Vonnegut. Would you like to know more about the author?
He also wrote The Sirens of Titan. Have you heard of that?
I'm not so sure about that. Kurt Vonnegut also wrote The Sirens of Titan.
You as well!
The basketball player who plays point guard yes he is okay
He's a point guard for sure. Did you know he won the NBA All Rookie Team?
Wow, I didn't know that.
Yes I do I like his voice he's a great singer song writer. Do you like him?
I do not know any other of Sam Smith's song but he was influenced by Rachel Ticotin
yes it is. and he is both a screenwriter and playwright.
I like them I think Mike Woodson does a good job with them
Yes, I did, Did you know that he owns the Madison Square Garden Company?
That is true, do you know how the 76ers are doing?
Yes, he wrote the comedy American Pie. Have you seen it?
It also starred Chris Weitz. Do you like his acting?
Yes, you're right. Warren Zide produced it as well. Have you seen it?
The Day After Tomorrow is a fun movie to watch. I recommend it for you.
I haven't seen it. I don't know much about it. Is it a thriller?
I don't know if he was in that movie, but he was in Zodiac. Did you see him in the movie?
All I know is that he was in. Did you know he was also in The Scarlet Letter?
They are a pretty good basketball team, I think Steve Kerr is the coach. Are you a fan?
That's pretty cool. I haven't followed Philadelphia 76ers, but my favorite team is the Washington Redskins.
I didn't realize that! I'm not sure if he was in it, but I did recognize he's from Philadelphia.
Oh, I didn't realize that! That's hilarious! I didn't know he produced it, right?
Madame Bovary was written by Gustave Flaubert. It was released in 1856.
Yes, it was. It was released in 1856.
Perhaps you'd like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
You're welcome.
Ara Celi has starred in American Beauty, alongside Peter Gallagher, alongside Peter Gallagher
It was written by Paula Hawkins and also starred Liam Neeson.
Sure, he starred in No Strings Attached, The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie
Yeah she is. She lost to Serena Williams and Rafael Nadal. Do you like tennis?
Yes, she is a great tennis player.
I'm glad you asked that. I think she's from Mumbai.
Yes, he directed The Storm and Thelma & Louise
he also directed The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo
All The Money in the World is a sci-fi movie starring Ron Clements
He also wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
You are welcome
I'm not sure if Shakira has a new album but I do know she was born in Mumbai.
Jennifer Donnelly, she is one of the actors.
Shakira is the only one I know from her
I love Coraline! It was written by P. Craig Russell. It's a children's film.
I do not have that information. However, I can tell you that he directed a film called Coraline. Have you seen it?
If you like horror, you might also enjoy Stardust or Zodiac, have you seen those?
Sure! It is written by Jerry Spinelli, and is a very good film. It's a speculative fiction, so you might like it.
She wrote The Year of the Flood. Have you read that?
Sure! He wrote Where the Red Fern Grows. Have you read it?
Yes he has, he also wrote Temptation
It was released in 1955
Your welcome
You're welcome
Sure, do you like the book because it's romance?
I'm sorry, I don't have any other romance novels by the same author, but Nicolas Sparks also wrote The Wedding.
I'm sorry, I don't have any more recommendations.
You're welcome!
Sure, he wrote Moby Dick which was released in 1851.
That's right. It was released in 1851.
Glad I could help.
Sure, he wrote several children's books, including Go, Dog Go! Are You My Mother?, A Fish Out of Water, A Fish Out of Water to name a few.
Yes, it is a children's literature book. If you like children's literature you should read The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
Yes! Dr. Suess also wrote Go, Dog, Go. Did you read it?
Bob Peck starred in Jurassic Park III and Jurassic Park.
Surviving Picasso is a comedy film
Some of the actors starred in Surviving Picasso include Vincente de Mendoza vs. Jason Leigh and Liam Neeson
Sure! He wrote The Sicilian, and The Last Don. Have you read either of those?
I'm not sure. I do know that he was influenced by Percy Byrne.
Sure. Please enjoy
Danny Boyle wrote, directed, and starred in Young Frankenstein. Have you seen that?
I don't believe so, but he did star in a romantic comedy, The Hangover Part II, a romantic comedy.
I'm not sure but I can tell you that he also starred in a romantic comedy called X-Men 2.
Brad Pitt starred in the epic film Troy. Did you see that?
He is in the movie Troy
Sorry there are no information about that
Rosanna Arquette
your welcome
Sure, do you like Fantastic 4: Rise of the Silver Surfer because it's a Sci-Fi movie?
He starred in Warriors, Incendiary, and Batman & Robin.
I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, he is. Do you like soccer?
Well it was written by Ernest Hemingway, would you like to know more about him?
He wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke. Do either of those sound interesting?
That's the only book I know by Robin Jarvis.
You are welcome.
Sure, he wrote Die Verwandlung
Die Verwandlung is genre fiction. Do you like fiction?
I haven't seen it but I do know that it's a war film. Do you like war movies?
Mike Colter starred in Take Chance. He also starred in Forest Gump.
Yes, Linus Roache is starring in the Psychological Thriller. Did you know that?
Yeah, he was, along with Anne Hathaway.
Glad to be of help
Casino Royale is a spy and action film. It was written by Ian Fleming.
Winona Ryder and Robert Wade starred in it.
It was released in 1996. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, it was. It was directed by Robert Wade.
You're welcome.
Sure! Did you like it because it was written by John Green or because it was starring Tom Hanks?
The Running Man and The Improbable Adventures of Sherlock Holmes are both Sci-Fi films.
Charlize Theron has been in a number of films including Batman & Robin
You're welcome.
You're very welcome.
Taxi Driver is starring Tom Hanks. Would you like more movies starring Tom Hanks?
I'm not sure, but you may also enjoy Tom Cruise & Rob Zombie
You may also enjoy the Crime Fiction film, X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, that's a great movie. It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is a historical drama. Do you like that genre?
It's about a murder which was released in 1981. It's about a woman.
Yes, isn't she an actress who starred in The Diary of a Young Girl?
Perhaps you could try The Diary of a Young Girl, which was released in 1817.
The Diary of The Bell Jar is released in 1856. It's about Anne Frank's life of Anne Frank.
Ok, hope you enjoy it!
That was a great movie! Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith was released in 2006.
Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith is starring Natalie Portman and Tom Cruise.
He starred in I Am Wrath of the Titans and Transformers. Have you seen those?
I hope you enjoy it!
Chris Buck directed Surf's Up, a really cute Animated film.
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy What's Up, it's a fantasy movie. Have you seen it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! Dan Brown wrote Angels & Demons, which is a very popular book.
It is directed by M. Night Shyamalan. Have you seen it?
It is. It's a romantic comedy about football. Do you like those?
It was written by Alyson Noel. He also directed Young Sherlock Holmes.
The Tampa Bay Bucs are a football team in the National Football League.
That's right! He also used to coach the Chicago Bears.
Have a great day!
I agree! She is one of the most popular players of all time. She's a highly rated athlete.
I like football and baseball. What about you?
The New York Red Sox are my support
Sure, Scream is a Horror, do you like Horror movies?
Yes and he also starred in Scream 3.
No problem. Can I help you with anything else?
You're welcome.
The Matrix was produced and directed by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
It stars Stephen Rea, Rupert Graves, and Rupert Graves.
It's a romantic comedy. It's a romance.
Yes, its written by Cornelia Funke and she also wrote Zooey and Tintenblut. Do you like her work?
Anthea Bell also wrote Tintenherz. Would you like to know more?
Anthea Bell is a Poets Society.
King Kong was written by Kong and starred Scarlett Johansson. It's a sci-fi adventure film.
Naomi Watts has starred in X-Men 2 and World War Z. Have you seen those?
It is a historical period drama that also falls into the genre of historical period drama.
You're welcome.
He wrote The Five Love Languages of Children. He is a singer-songwriter.
They are songs from the genre of music. Gary Chapman also wrote Something Borrowed. Have you read that?
Yes, she wrote a book called We Found Love.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information on him.
Frank Capra wrote The Apostle. It's a Wonderful Life. Have you read it?
He also wrote The Emperor's New Groove
He also wrote It's a Wonderful Life
It was released in 1946
She's a great actress! She was also in Un di Velt Hot Geshvign. Have you seen that?
It is written in English and was released in 1958
It is in English and was released in 1958
Yes I do, would you like to know what she translated?
It is a audio book
It's a crime drama and stars Christian Bale. Do you like crime movies?
It's a crime movie and it's a comedy. Do you like those?
The author is J.K. Rowling.
He wrote the book The Girl with a Dragon Tattoo. Have you read it?
You're welcome
Washington Redskins sucks. did you know Dwight Schar owned it?
Do you like football?
I know more about tennis, do you like any other sports?
Sure! Do you like movies in the genre comedy? You might enjoy The Incredibles.
Sure Easy was written by Tammara Webb and released in 2012, She also wrote Where You, and Breakable.
Between the Lines is a drama that was released in 2012. If you like dramas you might also like Where You Are.
Sure. She also wrote Where You Are and Breakable.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Great. Have a nice day.
Steven Soderbergh directed Ocean's Eleven. Have you seen it?
Keanu Reeves starred in The Good German, he also starred in Ocean's Eleven.
He has been in so many films, including Tombstone, The White Countess, The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie, and The Other Boleyn Girl.
You're welcome!
Sure! He wrote Watchers. He also wrote Watchers.
V for Vendetta was released in 1991. It's a science fiction novel.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, Richard J. Dunn wrote the book Wuthering Heights. Did you know it was released in 1847?
It's related to a book called Unfinished Tales of Nmenor and Middle-Earth
It's very good! Hope you enjoy it!
It was written by Robert Jordan and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Simone Elkeles is an author. He wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction.
It was released in 2001 and the genre is romance.
You might enjoy Wildwood Dancing and When the Wind Blows. They are both great books.
You're welcome.
Spirit Bound was written by Richelle Mead. Do you like Richelle Mead?
Twilight is written by Rick Riordan
Vampire Academy is a series of books.
You're welcome
Charles Dickens wrote Oliver Twist and The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club. Have you read either of those?
Yes, Leo wrote it and he also wrote The Wolves of the Calla.
It was, have you read The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club?
I'm not sure about that, but I do know she was influenced by William Shakespeare
Great, enjoy!
He directed The Longest Yard, Nutty Professor II: The Klumps, Naked Gun 33 1/3: The Final Insult, The Longest Yard, and The Longest Yard. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, he was! He was the producer for The Longest Yard. Are you familiar with his work?
Adam Sandler starred in Happy Gilmore. He also starred in a biographical film called The Longest Yard.
He was a fictional character in JK Rowling's Harry Potter series.
Have you read Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban?
It falls into the genre of Fantasy and Children's Literature.
Newt Scamander appeared in the Fictional Universe Harry Potter by J. K. Rowling. He wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them are both Fictions. It's a movie that was released in 2001.
Yes. Where to Find Them is speculative fiction book. Is that something you're interested in?
Michael O'Neill starred in Transformers
Both are crime fiction and drama. Do you like those genres?
Have you seen Police Academy? It is a crime drama?
You're welcome.
He is a soccer player from the Spain national football team.
I am more of a fan of the Brazil national football team. How about you?
It looks like he was the owner of the Spain national football team
Another movie similar to The Hangover Part II is Meet the Parents.
It was released in 2004. Would you like to know more about the movie?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Woody Allen, who also starred in Midnight in Paris
It's a comedy. Do you like comedies?
I like murder mystery too. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I am not sure, but it could be a murder mystery as well.
Mansfield Park is written by Tony Tanner, do you like his books or do you like him?
Persuasion is written by Michael Connell. Would you like other books by him?
Persuasion was released in 1817.
Yes, Horrible Bosses is written by Michael Mark Kamen and stars Samuel L. Jackson.
I'm not sure about that, but I know she starred in a film called Insidious.
Yes, he was a great actor. He also starred in The Accidental Husband.
He is a tennis player. He played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
I only watch a match from time to time. I only watch tennis during the Olympics. Who is your favorite player?
I am not a fan, but I have heard a little about Stan Wawrinka
Sure! Cornelia Funke wrote Inkheart which is a Fantasy book. Do you like Fantasy?
The Sword in the Stone and The Looking Glass Wars are other good family novels
I haven't read any of her books, but I have heard of A Light in the Attic.
I sure can! Gary Paulsen wrote the book Twilight. It is a speculative fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
The River is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
I would recommend War of The Worlds. It is also Science Fiction. Have you seen it?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Absolutely! Shawn Levy directed Night at the Museum and Real Steel. Have you seen either of those?
Tom Wilkinson and Christian Bale starred in that movie. Do you like either of those actors?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Did you like the Untouchables because it was written by John Grisham?
If you like Crime Fiction you should check out You, Me, and Dupree and You've Got Mail.
Happy to do it
Certainly. Watchers is another great genre movie you might enjoy.
Isn't he a soccer player?
Yes he does
Well Alice Walker was influenced by Quentin Tarantino. Are you a fan of hers?
He has written many books. including The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer, and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
You're welcome
He's one of the best soccer players in the world and plays for a Argentina national football team.
No I didn't know that. Is he a football player?
They have a lot of players on the team, did you know he was from Barcelona?
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is a tennis player too
The Wise Man's Fear is a great book written by Patrick Rothfuss.
The Wise Man's Fear is a horror novel. Do you like fiction?
It's a fantasy novel
Your welcome
Sure, it was written by Kiera Cass. It was released in 2013. Are you familiar with her work?
The Siren has genre Thriller. Are you into Thrillers?
Kierra Cass also wrote The Siren, The Prince, and The Guard.
I'm sorry, I don't have access to that information.
His genre is Rhythm and blues.
Sure, do you prefer Biographical movies or just Dramas in general?
Jesse Eisenberg also wrote The Social Network and The Other Boleyn Girl. Do those sound interesting?
It was released in 2004. It's a good one for sure.
You're welcome.
Yes, it is a great movie. It was written by Roberto Orci
It is a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
Great. Enjoy!
Sure. A great book I can recommend is You've Been Warned. It is also a film.
I haven't seen it, but I haven't seen it. It was written by Nicholas Sparks and he was good in it!
He has been in so many great movies. Have you seen X-Men 2 or World War Z?
Yes, he is a great actor.
You're welcome
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit one of my favorite movies. If you haven't seen it I highly recommend it.
Laura Hillenbrand also wrote Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Adventure, and Battleship
It is. It was released in 2013.
Enjoy!
Sure, do you like Aladdin because it stars Tom Cruise or because it's a family movie?
Aladdin was written by Ron Clements and he also wrote The Princess and the Frog.
The Lion King was released in 1988. It's a Fantasy movie.
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote To Have and Have Not, The Sun Also Rises, The Sun Also Rises.
The Passage and Pride and Prejudice were also written by Hemingway.
Old Man and the Sea was released in 1936.
You're welcome!
You're welcome.
Yes, he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints.
Well, I mean, he's a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you have a favorite team?
Yeah, I like him too. I'm also a huge fan of his
Yeah, I like Young Buck. what about you?
Yes, he wrote White Oleander. Have you read that book?
Yes, Robert Kosminsky also starred in White Oleander. Do you like books he wrote?
It's a Historical novel, do you like those genres?
Sure! It is written by C.S. Lewis and it was released in 1961.
It was released in 1945 and is fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
The Weight of Glory is a fantasy book. Do you like that genre?
Will do!
Sure! He is an actor who has starred in such films as The A-Team and Maleficent. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, he played in Madison Square Garden.
Oh yes, been there?
Oh really, I grew up watching the Hornets a lot so I grew up watching them from time to time
He wrote Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil.
Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil was released in 1997.
You're welcome!
Enjoy!
Ernest Hemingway directed the movie.
He also wrote The Fault in Our Stars, which was produced by John Green.
He sure did! He also wrote Paper Towns, which is a great suspense film.
You're welcome.
I think he is a good football player, but I don't know much about him.
I think he also played for a German national football team.
I'm not sure about that, but I do know he is from Germany.
I agree! He has a decent record as well!
Gore Verbinski directed the movie Rango.
Well, Rango is a western starring Tom Hanks. Would you like to know more?
You're welcome.
The Prestige is written by Christopher Nolan
The genre is Thriller
Nolan was the writer for the movie The Prestige.
It stars Christian Bale as Memento
Thomas Lennon has starred in such films as The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
Enjoy!
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a popular one by L. Frank Baum.
Yes, it is considered speculative fiction.
You may want to check out Zoe's Tale and Xenocide if that is more speculative fiction.
Yes, she did. She also wrote Witches Abroad and Wizard of Oz.
I'm not sure if that's the only one I know of, would you like to know?
You're welcome, enjoy!
i think it is the latest one, but i'm not sure which one is the movie.
The Holiday was released in 1996. Would you like to know more?
I'm not sure, but it is a historical period drama.
i recommend The Golden Compass which is a thriller.
yes she does. She is also in The Wedding Date.
WALLE is a great children's book! It was written by Alden Ehrenreich.
Z for Zachariah is a good one. It's a sci-fi movie.
Sure- X-Men is a sci-fi film. It stars Jennifer Lawrence.
Yes- State of the Union is a sci-fi adventure film starring Jim Carrey.
Aside from Brett Ratner, he also starred in X-Men: First Class.
That was released in 2010.
It was written by Sarah Dessen and is young adult fiction genre.
You might also enjoy the book When You Reach Me written by Sarah Dessen. It's also a young adult fiction and was released in 2008.
Sure, you'll like These Happy Golden Years and The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul.
Katherine Paterson wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. Have you read either of those?
It's considered children's literature so I would say it is more of a children's literature.
It was written by Katherine Paterson. It's a young-adult fiction as well as children's literature.
I have not seen Ocean's Twelve but I know it stars Ocean's Twelve. Have you seen it?
Ocean's Twelve stars George Nolfi and Ocean's Twelve. Ocean's Twelve is starring Ocean's Twelve. Ocean's Twelve is a suspense thriller movie.
Good, enjoy!
Robert Lewandowski plays for the Poland national football team. He plays for the Poland national football team.
I like football. My favorite team is the Redskins. How about you?
I would have to say that I am more of a football fan. What team do you like?
Paul Sorvino has starred in movies like The Rocketeer and The Rocketeer.
Yes, he is a screenwriter who wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
It is a fiction, do you like fiction?
Yes, he is a film actor. He was also in The Casual Vacancy.
Certainly, Enjoy and have a great day!
Have you read Snow Flower and the Secret Fan?
China Dolls is a Drama and Speculative Fiction.
I'm not sure about Snow Flower but I can tell you that it was released in 2014 and is an adventure film.
You're very welcome.
Do you like Pulp Fiction because it's a crime fiction?
You probably heard of Grindhouse! It was directed by Rob Zombie, who also directed Death Proof.
It is a Crime Fiction film that also stars Robert De Niro and was released in 1994.
It is written by Stieg Larsson and was released in 2006.
Sure, Syeig Larsson wrote The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban.
The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo is a mystery/fantasy book released in 2009.
You are welcome.
OK, enjoy!
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in a lot of movies. I like his acting in Unforgivable Blackness and The Big Lebowski.
Wicked is a Thriller and is a Drama.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Great. Have a wonderful day!
Certainly, Ken Kesey wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, and One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest.
Did you know that he wrote the book The Art of Asking?
I hope you enjoy it!
I think he is a good basketball player. How about you?
I don't know anything about Michael Jordan, but I know he was in Space Jam. Do you like him?
Yea, he was. Ghostbusters was a great movie. Did you know he starred in it as well?
Yes, he did. He wrote the Ghostbusters.
Sure, Rob Cohen starred in the movie The Skulls written by John Grisham. Have you seen it?
Yes, Vin Diesel stars in The Fast and the Furious and The Fast and the Furious.
He has been in such films as A Man Apart and The Fast and Furious.
You're welcome!
He also wrote Travels with Charley: In Search of America and The Winter of our Discontent.
He is a great writer. He wrote the book What Lies Beneath which was released in 2002. Have you read it?
Yes he did
Yes, i would say it is a good one as well. You should definitely watch it.
I do too! They are owned by Steve Tisch and John Mara.
I'm not sure, but I do know he's from New York City and is a basketball team. Do you watch football?
I agree. If you have a favorite, you might like Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt.
That book is written by Paula McLain and released in 2011. She also wrote Circling the Sun.
She's an amazing author! Circling the Sun is an amazing book. It was released in 2013.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
Sure, do you like thrillers?
Eraserhead has genre Thriller. what else can i answer for you?
Eraserhead is a thriller. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
The Fault in Our Stars is a popular one he directed.
The Fault in Our Stars is starring Shailene Woodley. Have you seen it?
It's a drama.
You're welcome!
Hotel Rwanda is a Thriller starring Kevin Spacey, do you enjoy Thrillers?
It was written by Roland Emmerich and was released in 1994.
We Were Soldiers is a war movie. Do you like war movies?
It is a great movie. Enjoy!
Tammara Webber wrote both Where You Are and Easy. She also wrote Where You Are.
It was released in 2011
Are you looking for a specific genre?
Sure, it was written by Norton Juster. Are you familiar with his work?
Peter Cushing starred in Twins of Evil. anything else i can do for you?
Top Secret was written by J.R.R Tolkien, would you like to know more about him?
Rick Riordan wrote that book. Would you like to know more about the film?
Is there anything else I can help with?
Peter Gallagher starred in Zero Dark Thirty, Taking Chance, Salt and Million Dollar Baby? Have you seen any of those?
While You Were Sleeping stars Sandra Bullock and Bill Pullman.
It was written by Roland Emmerich. He's also a writer and a film producer.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yaphet Kotto starred in The Thomas Crown Affair and The Running Man.
The Running Man is a genre of action. Do you like action movies?
XXX is a great Action movie. Do you like Action movies?
You are welcome, goodbye
Hush is written by J.J Abrams and has a genre of Thriller.
Becca Fitzpatrick also wrote Silence of the Lambs, a young adult novel. Have you read it?
You are very welcome, please let me know if there is anything else I can do
You are very welcome! Enjoy!
It was written by Jeannette Wells and was released in 2005.
She also wrote The Glass Castle. It is a memoir
It is a memoir
Your welcome.
Yes, John Carpenter directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13. Do any of these sound interesting?
Yes, you're correct. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm not sure about that, but I do know he produced it. Were you aware that he produced it?
Yes! Do you like self-help books?
I'm sorry I don't have any similar books but I do know he was influenced by Sean Byrne.
He also wrote a book called Macbeth which was released in 2008.
He starred in Taken 2 and Monsters, Inc. Have you seen those?
Your Friend the Rat is a romance film that was released in 2007. Would you like to know more about it?
It's a book and a film released in 2007. Would you like me to add it to your list?
You're welcome
I've never read it, but I know it was written by Maurice Sendak.
The BFG is a good one. It's family friendly.
You're very welcome!
Still Alice is a fantasy movie. It was released in 2001. Have you seen it?
You're welcome. Anything else I can help you with?
Great, hope you enjoy!
Yes, you're very welcome!
Sure! Mark Haddon is an American film director. He wrote The Little Friend. Have you seen it?
Yes! The Red House was adapted into a film. Have you heard of it?
Yes he did, he produced The Messenger and it has drama in it.
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote Here Comes the Boom and Zookeeper. Would you like to know more about either of those books?
Kevin James did. Kevin James also starred in Zookeeper. That was a romantic comedy.
I'm not sure, but it was directed by Kevin James. Kevin James also directed Zoolander.
Well it was written by Sergio Leone who also wrote The Good the Bad and the Ugly. You might like that.
Wizard's First Rule and Witches Abroad are two good ones.
Vivica A. Fox and David Carradine were both in Nightcrawler.
You're welcome.
I know he's a good basketball player but he's a defender. Are you a fan of him?
It was released in 1985
I'm not sure, but I know two people starred in the movie.
You're welcome.
Yes, The Blind Side is a 1995 film directed by Roland Emmerich. It stars Tom Hanks and Tim Allen.
I can tell you that The Blind Side is also a drama. Have you seen it?
Yes. Money Ball is written by Michael Lewis and is a comedy film. It stars Johnny Depp and Jack Nicholson.
City of ashed is a young adult fiction book written by Cassandra Clare.
Cassandra Clare also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Ashes; City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Ashes; City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Ashes; City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Ashes; City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Ashesandra Clare also wrote The Shadowhunter
Clockwork Angel was released in 2001 and the shadowhunter's codex was released in 2013.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he directed The Little Friend and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen those?
Yes, and he also directed Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.
Yes, he did. It's a fantasy and speculative fiction.
You're welcome!
Mere Christianity the genre is a Christian literature written by C.S. Lewis. Do you like this book?
He also wrote Till We Have Faces, The Magician's Nephew and The Horse and His Boy. Are you a fan of fiction novels?
You're welcome.
Paul McCartney and John Lennon wrote Yellow Submarine.
I don't know much about him, but I do know he is from Liverpool.
Yes, he is very talented, he also plays for the Liverpool National Football team.
I do not know of Paul McCartney, but I know he is from the United States
She's a great tennis player. She has also written Wintergirls and Twisted.
It's a Fiction novel that was released in 2014. Wintergirls is a romance novel.
Sure, downloading now.
Yes, I do. Are you a fan of Seth Rogan?
Yeah, she has a lot of good songs. She's also a songwriter and a musician. Do you like her?
It is a historical period drama.
Marc Forester starred in Expendables 2 and Monsters, Inc. Have you seen those?
He also starred in Salt and Mr & Mrs. Smith. Do you like adventure movies?
It is a romantic comedy, do you like this genre?
I hope you enjoy them!
It was written by Suzanne Collins and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like this genre?
Well, for example, you'll like When the Wind Blows by James Patterson. It was released in 1980.
Yes, that is correct.
Jonathan Dayton starred in Little Miss Sunshine. He also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
Yes, he did. Jonathan Dalton also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
You probably know it's called The Shape of My Early Life. It was also a historical period drama.
She is a very talented actress. You should check her out Little Miss Sunshine if you like her.
You're welcome.
It's a book written by Nicholas Sparks and is a mystery. Do you like books by Sparks?
He also wrote When You Reach Me, which is a drama.
Yes, it was made into a movie. It is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Yes, I recommend To Kill a Mockingbird, To Kill a Mockingbird, and The Manchurian Candidate. A Walk to Remember is a good one.
The Matrix Reloaded was produced by Lana Wachowski
Yes, Keanu Reeves starred in The Matrix Revolutions and The Matrix Reloaded.
The Man of Steel is one of my favorite movies he was in.
I'm not sure, but I do know he starred in The Manchurian Candidate, The Manchurian Candidate, The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate.
Tim Robbins directed Mystic River, he also directed Mystic River.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He directed The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that?
Did you know that Paul West directed The Mechanic
He hasn't seen any other thriller movies
You are welcome
I hope you enjoy it!
She also wrote The Light Between Oceans which is a book.
No, I haven't seen that one but I know it was released in that year.
Sure, he also directed The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which was released in 1962. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome.
Yes, she wrote Rebecca, My Cousin Rachel, and Jamaica Inn. Have you read either of those?
My Cousin Rachel is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
It was released in 1938.
Your welcome.
The Green Bay Packers are a professional American football franchise based in Green Bay, California.
Yes, they did play in Pittsburgh too! My husband played in Wrigley Field. I haven't been there yet.
i like the Bears, but have you ever played for the Seattle Seahawks?
he is a good coach. do you like football?
Yea, I think they're doing a good job.
I am! He's married to Cameron Diaz. Do you enjoy him?
It's a romantic comedy, do you like that genre?
Justin Timberlake, Jesse Blanchett and Meryl Streep are also in it. Do you like him?
I think he is a really good singer. Do you like him?
American Idol has been a long time. Do you have a favorite song from him?
I'm sorry. I don't have that information.
Yes, she was the producer for the book The Boy in the Striped Pajamas.
Rudy is a Sci-Fi Thriller. Do you like Joseph Sikora because it starred in?
Sure. Similar to The Watcher is Zombieland, which is a Thriller.
Yes, he did. Leonardo Dicaprio starred in the Thriller, which is a thriller.
You're welcome!
Frances Mayes is a great author. She wrote Under the Tuscan Sun. Have you read that?
You might like The Glass Castle, it is in the same place.
You're welcome.
Station Eleven is written by Emily St. John Mandel in 2014. What else can i do for you?
Sure, he wrote The Bluest Eye and Sula
Drama
You should check out Z for Zachariah
It was written by Terry Pratchett
You are very welcome
Downfall is a War film. Do you like War movies?
It starred Dennis Quaid, Jake Gyllenhaal, and was released in 2010.
You're welcome
Andrew Stanton directed The Godfather, The Avengers, and King's Speech.
He also starred in the movie A Bug's Life.
Terry Gilliam wrote the Toy Story 3. He was also in the Toy Story 3.
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like more books by F. Scott Fitzgerald?
Well, "The Crucible" is written by F. Scott Fitzgerald, who also wrote The Painted Veil, and The Painted Veil.
Well, it's a drama that was released in 2012 and is also a play written by Harald Kloser, would you like to know more about him?
You're welcome, enjoy!
He is a great writer. He wrote Playing for Keeps. Have you read it?
It's a Romance film. Do you like romance?
It was released in 1999. Playing for Keeps was written by Johnston.
Sure! Playing for Keeps! Enjoy!
I know it was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Ralph Fiennes and Colin Farrell.
It also stars Anna Kendrick and Eddie Izzard. It was released in 2004.
Yes, he did, along with Jodie Foster and King's Speech.
You're welcome.
Sure, he wrote American Pie and The Golden Compass. Have you seen either of those?
He also directed the movie American Pie. Have you seen it?
No, I haven't seen it. Chris Weitz also directed it. He also directed American Pie as well.
Sure, he directed The Silence of the Lambs. Have you seen that one?
Sure! The Nightingale is written by Paula Hawkins and is a Speculative fiction book. Do you like this genre?
Yes, she wrote The Nightingale, which is a Mystery. She also wrote Winter's Tale, a mystery.
I don't know anything more about her, but I do know that Kristin Hannah wrote Summer Island and She's also a producer.
I think he's a good tennis player but I don't know much about him.
It's a very good movie. Do you like comedies?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Die hard with a Vengeance is a crime fiction do you like this genre?
Yes, he also wrote A Good Day to Die Hard.
How the Grinch Stole Christmas is a Romance movie. Do you like Fiction?
I am not sure about that, but The Lorax has genre Fiction.
I am not sure about that, but The Sneetches and Other Stories is a Children's literature as well.
You're welcome!
I do! It was released in 2014 starring J.K. Simmons and J.K. Simmons. It is a drama. Do you like the actors?
She also starred in The Longest Ride along side Sarah Michelle Gellar.
Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, it is a romantic film, so yes it is a romance film
Yes, I have seen Faster. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome.
I do like the Lakers. Did you know they are owned by Mark D'Antoni?
Oh he was. I never heard of him, what about you?
Yeah, he did. They were the runner ups to many Super Bowls.
Larissa wrote асска и карама и овести, ес .
I do not have that information right now. but he wrote ес .
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, do you like the book because it's romance or because it's romance?
Have you read Post-Apocalyptic fiction?
Yes, it's written by the same author, but also similar to Xenocide. Have you read that?
I hope you like it!
I don't know much about them. Are they owned by Mike Shanahan?
I don't know much about Pete Rozelle, but I do know that he's a good player though.
That's right! I didn't know he died in a brain tumor. He was a brain tumor. Do you know what he played?
Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
The Secret of Joy is another one you might like. Have you read it?
You're welcome.
Sure! The Cuckoo's Calling is written by Robert Galbraith and was released in 2013.
She also wrote The Cuckoo's Calling. I highly recommend it!
It's a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes he starred in Taken 2 and Kung Fu Panda 3. Have you seen those?
Yes. Reno 911 is on the show and he also starred in the comedy film True Romance. Have you seen it?
Yes! I haven't seen it, I've heard it was a good one. I'd like to see it. I've seen it once. I've seen it and seen it. I've seen the first one. I like it!
The Little House on the Prairie is written by Jean-Marc Vallée. Do you like fiction books?
You may be interested in other books in the series, such as Little House on the Prairie
I dont have that information but Little House on the Prairie is a book like Little House on the Prairie
Sure, she is a great tennis player. She and her sister Serena are very talented.
No, I didn't know that. Did you know that she is from New York?
I didn't know that. Is she a tennis player?
The Lost Symbol is written by Dan Brown. Would you like to know more about the genre?
Yes, he has worked with them too. Would you like to know about any of the movies he has worked on?
Yes, Dan Brown wrote The Da Vinci Code and The Inferno, have you read either of them?
He wrote Angels & Demons and Inferno.
Sure, have you watch The Da Vinci Code or The Lost Symbol?
You're welcome
I do! Have you seen the movie True Grit or The Wolverine?
It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure, let me know if you need anymore movies written by Ryan Reynolds.
Yes, I do! Robert Downey Jr. is a great actor!
Tim Dolin is famous for writing Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
It's a Feminist perspective
He also wrote A Pure Woman Faithfully in 1891
Rick Yancey is similar to Rick Yancey. He also wrote The Monstrumologist.
He has written The Road to El Dorado, The Infinite Sea, The Long Kiss Goodnight and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
You're welcome
Starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn, what do you like about it?
Thomas Lennon was also in Paper Towns. It is a comedy too. Do you like comedies?
Yes, I will. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Gone with the Wind was written by Margaret Mitchell. Do you like her work?
Okay, then you'll like What's Up, Witches Abroad and Night at the Museum.
The Untouchables was written by Jerry Bruckheimer and stars Johnny Depp.
You're welcome.
That's a great song. Did you know that it was written by Nicholas Sparks?
Two by Two is The Wedding. Are you looking for something he's written?
Well, It is a Young-adult fiction. Have you read that one?
They are a K-pop boy band. Are you a fan of them?
Sure! Cornelia Funke wrote Inkheart which is a Fantasy book. Do you enjoy Fantasy?
The Sword in the Stone and The Looking Glass Wars are both fantasy movies.
You're welcome.
Did you like the Hangover Part II because it stars Tom Hanks?
Its a science fiction movie, written and directed by Walter Hill.
You're welcome
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them are very good books by him.
It's a Fiction and Speculative fiction. Do you like those types of books?
You're very welcome!
I know he was in Hook Ya Crook. Are you familiar with his work?
That's funny. I remember watching a match from time to time. What sport do you like?
Robert Duvall starred in Hook Ya Crook. Have you seen it?
Sure, Tracy Chevalier wrote The Virgin Blue, The Last Runaway, and The Lady and the Unicorn.
The Last Runaway was released in 1996.
You're welcome.
The BFG was written by Roald Dahl. He also wrote Lord of the Flies
Yes, Going Solo is a Children's literature novel and is a Speculative fiction.
Yes, he did. He wrote The Twits, The Witch of Blackbird Pond and The BFG.
You're very welcome!
Yes, they are. They are coached by David Platt. Do you like football?
I love his writing! He wrote The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes. Do you like books he wrote?
Sure, do you like this because it is a Sci-Fi movie or because it stars Johnny Depp?
Sure, he also starred in The Incredible Hulk and The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner
Yes, Stan Lee also starred in Iron Man 3 and he was also in The Incredible Hulk as well as many other movies
You're very welcome, please if there is anything else I can do
Howls Moving Castle is starring Christian Bale and it is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Jon Favreau is known for starring in Madeleine L'Engle. Have you seen that movie?
He directed The Wolfman and Jurassic Park III. Do those sound interesting?
They are great. Then you might also like Zombieland, Yesterday Was a Lie, or World War Z.
Yes, he was. He was also in The Apostle. He was also in it too.
I hope you like it!
Sure, did you like Sharp Objects because it was written by Gillian Flynnn, or because it was a Suspense/Mystery movie?
She also wrote Sharp Objects, Dark Places, and Dark Places.
Yes, it was. It was released in 2014.
It was released in 2014.
Yes, he is a great author. He wrote The One Minute Manager and The One Minute Manager.
Cold Blood is a Drama. Do you like Drama?
Sure, do you like it because it's a sci-fi movie or because it's an action movie?
A.I. It's a great movie! It stars Jennifer Lawrence, Josh Hutcherson, and William Hurt.
A.I. Artificial Intelligence is directed by Steven Spielberg.
You're welcome!
Sure, Mark Cotta Vaz wrote The Boy in the Striped Pajamas. Have you read that?
It's a vampire, but it's more of a Thriller, similar to The Twilight series. Have you read any of those?
You're right, she wrote the Twilight series. Do you like books by Stephanie Meyer?
You're very welcome!
Sure, he directed Seven Psychopaths
It is a Psychopaths starring Tom Hanks
No problem
Sure, do you like the book because it is a fiction book?
It was written by Lauren Oliver, and it is a drama.
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome
He's a golfer. Do you play golf?
I'm not much into Golf, but I know he was in a relationship with Steve Zissou, he was also a musician
I'm not sure if she starred, but I've seen her in a lot of movies.
Sure, she also starred in Wonder Women, The Ice Harvest and The Hunt for Red October.
Keanu Reeves, Sandra Bullock, and Jenna Boyd also starred in the movie
It's a Drama/Fantasy
The 5th Wave is a speculative fiction.
The name of the movie was Zodiac, which was released in 2016.
I also like speculative fiction.
You may want to check out The Last Star, it has genre Speculative fiction as well.
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy!
She's a bit poppy for me. Wasn't she in Valentine's Day?
She also started her in the movie, Shake the Dog. Have you heard of that one?
Yeah, she was, did you know she was also in The Lorax?
Yes, he's a great actor. He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine. Have you seen that?
Yes. I haven't seen it but I've heard it's a good one. Is it a science fiction movie?
Ted is a good choice. Would you like me to add it to your watchlist?
Is there anything else I can help with?
Me too, he's a good singer. Do you like him?
I like his song Everybody Love you?
Yes, he is very talented too. I like his music a lot
That was a great movie! Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith was released in 2006.
Yes he was
He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine
Sure, Click was written by Adam Sandler who also wrote Click
It was directed by Steven Cummings
Yes he did and Dennis Dugan was the producer
your welcome
He has written a lot of books, including Unstoppable, and The Titan's Curse. Are you looking for any particular genre?
It was released in 1595. Have you heard of it?
I'm not sure, but it was. I highly recommend it.
Great, hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome. Enjoy
Paul Thomas Anderson is an American writer, poet, and film director. He wrote There Will be Blood and The Master.
I don't know a lot about her. But I do like her song - Like Water for Elephants.
Do you know he composed the music for the song We Found Love?
No, if you like Coldplay, you might check him out. he was influenced by some of the actors.
Anthony Hopkins starred in both Bobby and The Edge.
Bobby is a comedy genre. Do you like comedy?
Paul also starred in King's Speech which also stars Anthony Hopkins.
I hope you enjoy it!
I know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt and owned by Bud Adams. Do you watch football?
They're doing good. Do you know who owns the Tennessee Titans?
I'm not familiar who they play at the Superbowl. Are they a football team?
I think he is a very good basketball player. How about you?
Yeah, I'm with the Denver Nuggets. What team do he play for?
Space Jam was a classic! I haven't seen it once. I'll check Space Jam out.
It was written by Shakespeare. Have you read anything by William Shakespeare?
Shakespeare was influenced by William Shakespeare
Great glad i could help
She is a tennis player. She is the current world No. 1 on the WTA Tour.
I am not sure about Serena Williams, but I do know Venus is a female tennis player as well.
I'm not sure. I know she is a big tennis fan, but Serena is also a model.
I think they are a pretty good team, they were runners up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
He also coached the Detroit Lions. He was also a Quarterback of the Year.
It was in 2011 and the same year as the Baltimore Ravens
Yes, Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
It was released in 1886, would you like me to add it to your reading list?
That book was also released in 1886, and is a thriller.
You might enjoy the psychological thriller The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, it was released in 1886.
It stars Sophie Okonedo, Robert Pattinson, J.K. Simmons and Jessalyn Gilsig.
Sure, ordering Twilight Eyes now.
Yes, the movie is based on Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone.
It was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
Yes, he wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
Who Moved My Cheese is a book that was released in 1981.
It was released in 1981.
No problem.
The Fountainhead is written by Vince Flynn. Are you a fan of Vince Flynn?
She also wrote Ayn Rand, have you read that one?
You're very welcome!
Are you looking for more books written by Nina Auerbach in 1897?
The Invisible Man was written by Bram Stoker in 1897. It is a horror novel.
It was written by Stephen King. Would you like to hear more about Stephen King's books?
He also wrote Never Let Me Go starring in that movie.
Frances Mayes is an author. She wrote Under the Tuscan Sun. Have you read that one?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information, but it was released in 1998 and is a romance novel.
You're very welcome, enjoy!
A good movie to kill a Mockingbird is a classic. Would you like recommendations for similar movies?
Yes she did
You are welcome
She also wrote Go Set A Watchman.
Yes, it is a great movie starring Al Pacino. Do you like Al Pacino?
Yes, I have seen it. It stars Al Pacino and Robert De Niro, have you seen it?
Yes, he also starred in it. I like him too. Have you seen it?
Michael Byrne also starred in a science fiction film, The Power of Six.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on Vampyres here, but there's a film starring Al Pacino as well.
I hope you enjoy!
Seamus Heaney wrote Beowulf.
Beowulf is considered a fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
I'm not sure, but it is in English.
He starred in The Terminator, The Order, and The Order. Have you seen any of these?
He was also in The Order of the Phoenix, The Terminator, and The Order.
Sure! Lionheart is written by Jodi Picoult and is a Fantasy movie. Do you like Fantasy movies?
Liam Neeson, John Lennon, John Lennon, David O'Brien, Patrick McGoohan
You're welcome
you're welcome
He directed Seven Psychopaths
Six Shooter is starring Jason Statham and Liam Neeson. Would you like to know more?
It's Crime Fiction and Psychological Thriller.
I think he is. He's a great shooting guard, but he's won the NBA All Rookie of the Year Award.
I watch it most often. I like to watch basketball. My favorite team is the Lakers. Do you have a favorite player?
You're right! I meant to say he's a good player though.
Would you wish me to recommend something in relation to Heroic Fantasy?
Alien is apart of the series Aliens. Aliens is written by Ronald Shusett. Have you seen other movies by him?
Yes he does! He's a great actor. He's also a director. If you like his movies, you might like Zombieland, X-Men 2.
He has a lot of Horror genre films, including X-Men, World War Z, and White House Down.
You're very welcome! Enjoy!
It was written by Graeme Simsion and released in 2013.
The Rosie Project is written by Graeme Simsion and was released in 2014. She also wrote The Last Hero.
It is written by Graeme Simsion and was released in 2014.
Antoine Fuqua directed Olympus Has Fallen stars Robert Forster.
Frances Conroy starred in Olympus Has Fallen. He also starred in Conan the Destroyer.
He also Produced the film, The Colditz Story.
I'm sorry I don't have that information.
Yes, he's a really good actor. Did you know he was married to Cameron Diaz?
Yes, she was in Vanilla Sky. He was also in another movie with him called No Strings Attached.
Yes, he's a celebrity friend to a couple of people. I like Will Smith's daughter, I like her.
Sure, do you like books by J.D Salinger? He also wrote Raise High the Roof Beam and Nine Stories.
F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote To Kill a Mockingbird and it was released in 1925.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other books by her, but To Kill a Mockingbird was released in 1960
You're very welcome!
Clockwork Angel is written by Cassandra Clare. Do you like her books?
No, The Shadowhunter's Codex was written by her. What else can I help you with?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
It's a great baseball team, but I'm not a fan of the Yankees.
The Yankees lost their home venue, the Yankees. It was their home venue.
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now
I'm not sure about that. Did you know he died from an accident?
Yes, I know he recorded a record producer on the radio for a while
I think she is a good athlete, did you know that she was born in Hisar (Indian district)?
Oh, I didn't watch badminton but he was a good athlete. I think he was a musician as well.
Ok, I'll have to check that out. Thanks for the information.
I'm not sure, but I know that it is a paranormal romance film. Do you like that genre?
Emma Stone is in it. It was written by Stan Lee. Do you like her work?
The Amazing Spider-Man and The Incredible Hulk are written by Steve Kloves
Yes, it is. Anything else I can help with?
ok
Yes, Gillian Flynn wrote What Do You Do
It is a Young-adult fiction
You can try Without Fail, Without Fail, The Throne of Fire
You're welcome
He wrote Heretics of Dune and Heretics of Dune.
For Psychological Thrillers there's Where the Wild Things Are, Wilde, and Why Suicide Bombers Should Buy Life.
It was released in 1980. Would you like to read it?
Sure, enjoy the book!
Did you like the movie because it was a romantic comedy?
Then you might like You've Got Mail, You've Got Mail, and You've Got Mail.
Great, enjoy!
It was written by Robert Jordan and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It was written by Terry Goodkind. If you liked that one, you might also enjoy The Incredible Hulk or The Avengers.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy!
You're very welcome! Enjoy!
Little Miss Sunshine is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Sure! It was released in 1996. It is a historical period drama. It was written by Ralph Steadman.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I haven't read it, but I heard it was written by Sara Gruen. Have you read it?
No, I haven't. Do you like romance novels?
No, I haven't. What is it about?
I will. Is there anything else I can help with?
Have a good day
OK, have a great day.
Beautiful Disaster is a novel written by Jamie McGuire and released in 2011
I don't know anything on his work but I do know he was influenced by Jamie McGuire. Do you like him?
You're welcome!
Pulp Fiction was written by Quentin Tarantino and stars Samuel L. Jackson.
John Travolta also starred in Zombieland
She was in Walk the Line and Self/less. Do those sound interesting?
Sean Connery was also in Walk the Line too.
She was also in the movie Walk the Line with Natasha Richardson
Yes, he is. He wrote The Shining, The Postal Service, and The Sun Also Rises. Have you read any of those?
Are you talking about the soccer team? I don't know much about them.
Not really. I am more of a fan of the Buffalo Bills. How about you?
I am more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. Are you a Lakers fan?
Sure. Jake Gyllenhaal is a director. He directed The Good Dinosaur. Have you seen it?
Zodiac was released in 1991, and is an action film.
It's a great movie. Jake Gyllenhaal was also in it, and he had a big role in it as well.
You're welcome.
Norton Juster wrote The Phantom Tollbooth. It's a good book.
You may enjoy The Looking Glass Wars, written by Frank Beddor, it is fantasy.
Yes, it is. It was released in 1961.
It was released in 1961.
I know that she wrote The Mists of Avalon which was released in 1943.
It is a fantasy novel, would you like to know more about Marion Zimmer Bradley's wife?
The author is Marion Zimmer Bradley. She also wrote The Shadows of Avalon, have you tried it?
You're welcome!
He wrote The Avengers. Are you a fan of animated films?
That's a great movie. It was released in 1998 and is considered a comedy. Do you like comedies?
It's a romantic drama. Do you like those types of movies?
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, he wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
The Next Best Thing is a comedy-drama.
You're welcome!
I did enjoy O Brother, Where Art Thou because it starred Tom Cruise, but I haven't seen it.
Sure, he also wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight and The Big Year.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome.
He was in Star Wars as well. Do you like science fiction movies?
Wally Lamb wrote The Hour I First Believed. It's a drama. Do you like comedies?
Did you know that it was released in 1876?
Yes, it is. Wicked Appetite was also released that year, which is also by Janet Evanovich.
Yes, he wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Yes, another book by Ken Kesey that is a Speculative fiction. Have you read that?
Yes, he was! He was also in that movie as well. He was also in The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
Leo dicary is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Mark Wahlberg has been in lots of films. He was in The Dark Knight Rises, The Invisible Man, and The Big Leo.
Yes, he starred in The Shape of My Early Life, The Nightingale, The House of Mirth and Rear Window.
I'm not sure, but I know he starred in The Picture of Dorian Gray.
Whalberg was written by J.K. Simmons, and he has written a lot of movies.
You're welcome
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is a fantasy book. It was released in 1926.
He also wrote The Horse Whisperer's Sword, The Silver Chair, and The Lion, The Witch and the Wardrobe.
The Silver Chair is a fantasy and The Wardrobe is a fantasy.
Yes, he directed The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and District 9 which is a drama. Do either of those sound interesting?
Yes, it is. District 9 is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, she was. She was also in Sex and the City.
You're welcome, enjoy!
She is a singer-songwriter. Do you like her music?
I like the song I Don't Want This Night to End. Do you know that one?
You're welcome.
Yes, he is a football player who plays for Manchester United F.C. and Manchester United F.C.
Javier Hernández is a forward and he plays for the Mexico national football team.
I believe he is from Mexico, United States.
Bobby Farrelly wrote Stuck on You. Stuck on You is directed by Peter Farrelly.
If you like comedies then you might enjoy That's What My Mother Doesn't Know. It was a good movie.
Jim Carrey starred in the movie I, Robot. It was released in 1998.
Glad to help!
Yes, he is a point guard for the Minnesota Timberwolves.
I think he plays for the Minnesota Timberwolves.
Who is your favorite basketball player?
Sure! Number the Stars is written by Lois Lowry and the genre is Speculative fiction.
Lois Lowry wrote; Anastasia Krupnik. She also wrote; Anastasia Krupnik.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he wrote The Twits, The Witches and The BFG.
He wrote The Twits, The Witches and The BFG.
Yes indeed. Would you like to know more about this book?
It was released in 1998 and is a fantasy.
You're welcome
Will Grayson was written by John Green and is young adult fiction. Do you like this author or genre?
The Fault in Our Stars is a young adult fiction. He also wrote Paper Towns.
You're welcome!
The Firm is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers or Drama movies?
It's an action film. Do you like those genres?
You're very welcome!
Sure, he wrote Island and The Doors of Perception
Yes, as was The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell, and Hell was released in 1956. Would you like to know more?
Yes, The Last Battle was released in 1956. It's a great book. Would you like me to add it to your list?
You're very welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
He wrote A Brief History of Time: From The Big Bang to Black Holes which was released in 1987.
Yes, A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes is a book he wrote. Have you read it?
Yes, Stephen Hawking is a very well known author. He also wrote The Universe in a Nutshell.
You're very welcome!
You're welcome!
Mary McDonnell starred in Sneakers, Passion Fish and Mumford.
You also starred in the movie Sneakers. That's a great movie!
Yes, she was. She was also in The Windtalkers with Thomas Lennon, I think you would enjoy that movie.
Scoop has a genre of Thriller and Drama.
He wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames and When You Are Engulfed in Flames.
It's a Non-Fiction and was released in 2008. Would you like to know more about the genre?
Yes, it was! Would you like to know more about the book?
You're welcome
Yes, I do! She is very talented! Aside from being a great singer, she's also a musician and a model.
I'm not sure about that, but I can tell you that she is in a relationship with Taylor Swift, I think.
Yes, she's a Woman is a Woman, she's also a musician.
He starred in the movie The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Did you know that he produced and starred in the movie Mrs. Doubtfire? It is considered a comedy.
Yes, she was, did you know she was in the romantic comedy film?
No problem, enjoy!
The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum wrote The Bourne Identity. what else can i do for you?
Yes, that's correct. Do you know he directed that movie?
Sure, you might like Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, he wrote The Crucible. Have you read that?
It was released in 1953, the same year as Christopher Bigsby.
Sure, how about To Kill a Mockingbird, it's more of an Action and Adventure movie. Have you seen it?
Yes, that is a good one. It was written by J.R.R Tolkien
You're very welcome.
I think he is a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics.
I don't know much about him, but I know he's a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks.
There are a lot of basketball teams for the Golden State Warriors. If you like basketball, you might like Space Jam.
He played point guard.
Yes. Mary Harron directed American Psycho. Have you seen that?
Mary is a Psychological thriller
your welcome
It was released in 2011
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Billy Boyd. Do you like Fantasy movies?
He also wrote The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Reloaded.
He wrote the Matrix Reloaded, which was directed by him.
He directed The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen it?
Allegiant stars Nick Cassavetes and Xander Berkeley.
It's a sci-fi adventure film, so you might like it.
He also wrote The Light Between Oceans which was released in 1960.
The Light Between Oceans has genre Drama. Are you into dramas?
Yes, he did. It was directed by Roland Emmerich. I am not sure who starred in it.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, he is an actor who has starred in such films as The Bounty Hunter and Sweet Home Alabama. Do you like him?
You know he produced the movie Fool's Gold starring Andy Tennant.
Fool's Gold is written by David Ywphy. It stars Jason Statham and Matt Damon.
Yes he did! He was also in Fool's Gold. He was also in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
You're welcome!
He wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
He also wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything
you are welcome
Yes, it is a good movie starring Tom Hanks and Robert De Niro.
Taxi Driver is a psychological thriller starring Paul Schrader. Paul Schrader also directed and produced the movie 'The Warrior'
You're welcome!
Luis Alberto Suarez is an athlete that plays for the Uruguay national football team.
Yes, and he also played for Manchester United F.C.
Yes he is. Do you follow any other sports ?
Tom Brady and Owner Robert Kraft starred in the movie The Patriots.
Prince was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like his work?
Yes it was. I'm glad I could help.
I'm not sure about that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
O Brother, Where Art Thou was written by William Shakespeare.
The Odyssey stars Ricky Gervais. Do you like his work?
Are there any other questions I can help you with?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Did you enjoy it because it was written by Tennessee Williams or because it was a drama?
It was considered a historical period drama. Does that interest you?
It was released in 1947. It's about a man who lives on a hot Tin Roof.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote The Silence of the Lambs. Are you a fan of hers?
Hayao Miyazaki also starred in the movie Ponyo.
Yes, he also starred in Xenocide and The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
You're welcome.
He is a table tennis player from China. Are you a fan?
I am not sure about that, do you like table tennis?
I do not know where the 2004 Olympics.
Didn't they win the National Football League?
Yes, I am a huge fan of the San Francisco Giants. Did you know they play in the World Series?
I do not know much about football, I don't know much about football, I do know they are coached by Jim Caldwell
I don't know much about soccer, but I do know they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
Not so much. I prefer American football. My favorite team is the Redskins.
I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. What sports do you like?
Horse and His Boy is a good movie. It was written by John Lennon.
Do you like children's literature? I do not know how they are doing.
You're welcome
Sure, she wrote In Her Shoes. I love her work. Have you read it?
Jennifer is also a film producer. Susannah Grant wrote The Order which was released in 1995.
I think you would like that one. She also wrote In Her Shoes. I really like that one.
Me, too!
She's also a film producer. I hope you enjoy it.
You're very welcome!
The author of Odd THomas is Dean Koontz.
Dean Koontz also wrote Watchers of the Moon and Watchers. Have you read either of those?
Worth Dying For is written by Terry Pratchett, and it's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen.
Pride and Prejudice is a historical period drama.
Certainly! It was produced by Jane Austen, and was released in 1847. Would you like to read it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, do you like the author James Cameron?
You might enjoy The Voyage of the Dawn Treader or The Chronicles of Narnia.
Yes, it was adapted from the book and is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You may enjoy Under the Never Sky and The Time Traveler's Wife.
Me, too! She starred in The Proposal and Step Up. Have you seen either of those films?
Yes, she also starred in The Proposal.
The Proposal has genre Romance
You're welcome
Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors and The Nanny Diaries.
They Do it with Mirrors has a genre of Speculative fiction and fiction.
They Do it with Mirrors has a genre of Speculative fiction. Is that of interest?
Yes, I love her! She starred in The Special Relationship and The Queen. Have you seen either of them?
Yes. The sequel to Skyfall is The Son of Neptune. I'm sure you'll like it.
Both Ralph Fiennes and Mirnanda Richardson starred in both The Good Doctor and The Casual Vacancy.
He directed Red Cliff, Windtalkers, and Labyrinth.
The genre is Thriller and Drama.
You might enjoy the War film starring Tom Cruise, it is also a war film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Madagascar is a Sci-Fi movie starring Al Pacino. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
He has produced a number of movies like, Wide Sargasso Sea, The Long Kiss Goodnight, and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
You're welcome.
The Stand is a popular one he directed. Have you seen it?
Yes, they are different. If you like Scott Pilgrim's work you should check out The Worlds End.
Yes! Shaun of the Dead is starring Zoe Heller. It was released in 1985.
Enjoy
Yes, he is! He's a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks.
Yes, he is a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks.
That's correct, I'm not sure but I know he is drafted by the Seattle Seahawks
Sure! A Grief observed is a book written by C.S. Lewis.
He also wrote The Witch of Blackbird Pond, which was released in 1961.
You're very welcome!
Andy Murray is an excellent tennis player who also plays tennis.
I'm not sure, but I know he is from the United States of America
I did not know that, would you like me to find some facts about the tennis player?
Yes, they did win a lot of games. Did you know that Roger Federer and Roger Federer used to play tennis?
He's a writer and he wrote Fast Food Nation : The Dark Side of the All-American Meal.
Yes, Walt Whitman is the writer of Fast Food Nation. Did you know he also wrote The Big Year?
It is considered children's literature. You should check it out if you like childrens literature.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure. He starred in The Skulls along with Paul Walker and also in The Fast and the Furious.
Me too. Skulls with Hill Harper is one of my favorite movies.
Yes he is in both of those movies. Paul Walker was also in The Fast and Furious.
I do not know, but I do know he was in X-Men 2.
He starred in Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. Would you like to know more about him?
It's a Romance film. Are you into Romance films?
You're welcome. I hope you like it!
Yes he is an athlete. He plays cricket for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
Fannie Flagg wrote The Black Dahlia. Have you read that?
It was released in 2012 and is a romance novel
I Still Dream about You is another psychological thriller. I recommend it
You're welcome
Toy Story 3 is starring Tom Hanks. Would you like to know more about this movie?
Kind of, Andy is a young adult fiction movie. It is about a boy born into an animal.
Sorry, I don't have that information right now
Absolutely! Do you like Memento because it's written by Jonathan Nolan?
Into the Wild is a psychological thriller. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure who starred in it, but it's a good psychological thriller.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he wrote The valley of hoarse which is genre fantasy. Have you read it?
Yes, it's a great book. If you liked that one, you might also enjoy The Clan of the Cave Bear.
Yes, he did. He also wrote "It's a Watership" and "The Long Kiss Goodnight".
You're very welcome!
The Battle of the Labyrinth is a young adult fiction book written by Rick Riordan. Are you familiar with his work?
Sure! He wrote the novel The Son of Neptune. It is a young-adult fiction.
Yes, The Lost Hero is a young-adult fiction as well as speculative fiction.
I don't know much about him. I do not follow soccer much but I do know he plays for the Germany national football team.
I'm not familiar with soccer, but I know he's from Germany.
I'm not sure, but I know he is a midfielder.
i like Alex Morgan too. who is he?
i'm not familiar with soccer. are he on the New England Patriots?
Those are great! I liked them when Tony Dungy was also in that movie.
She wrote Pretty Little Liar the genre is Speculative fiction. Have you read it?
Yes, she is. She also wrote Pretty Little Liars which is a comedy as well
You're very welcome!
I do! It was written by George Orwell. It was a speculative fiction.
Yes that is a great movie. Did you know William Hurt starred in The Family Man?
Yes that's a great movie. I recommend it for you.
I'll add it now.
Enjoy!
The Grapes of Wrath is a novel written by John Steinbeck. Do you like John Steinbeck ?
It's a Fiction. Do you like Fiction?
The Secret River is a Historical fiction novel and Drama. It was released in 1991. Is there anything else I can help with?
She is an author who has written many books including The Swank Redemption and The West Side Story.
No, I don't know much about the football team. I do not play soccer. Is that a sport you enjoy?
No, I'm not sure. I do not know much about football, but I do know that the team is based in London.
I'm not sure, but I know they play in the United States.
I'm not a big football fan but I do know they are coached by Pete Carroll. Do you like football?
Michael Heim wrote Der Tod in Venedig.
Yes, he wrote both Radiance and Warbreaker.
Yes, he did and also wrote The Hero of Radiance and The Hero of Ages.
Yes, and he also wrote The Hero of Ages.
You are welcome, enjoy!
It is a Thriller starring Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal
If you like Robert Downey Jr., he also starred in Zodiac. It's a crime thriller.
If you like action films, you'll enjoy X-Men, X-Men, X-Men 2 and World War Z are a couple of my favorites.
Excellent choice! Gothika is a hit movie. I hope you enjoy it!
Yes! Bryan Singer directed the movie Superman Returns. Have you seen it?
Vivica A Fox and David Carradine were both in X-Men 2.
Yes, it is a Thriller starring Hugh Jackman.
I like Thrillers like Shark Night, X-Men 2 and X-Men: First Class.
You're welcome, have a nice day.
Unbreakable is a thriller. It was produced by David Ayer. Do you like his movies?
Yes, he also produced a number of movies like The Wizard of Oz, The Sound and the Fury and the Avengers.
Those are great movies! Hope you enjoy!
Glad to help, enjoy!
Sure Terry Gilliam wrote The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus which has genre in Adventure.
TheImaginarium of Doctor Parnassus is an adventure film starring William Shakespeare.
You're welcome
You're welcome
The Lucky One is a romantic drama written by Will Fetters and Nicholas Sparks, would you like another recommendation?
Have you read The Notebook or The Time Traveler's Wife?
The Wedding was released in 2012 and it is a drama.
Yes, Zane Grey is a Historical novel. I'm not sure about that.
You're welcome.
The Wolf of Wall Street stars Leonardo DiCaprio and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Mastering the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of the Art of French was released in 1963. It was written by Leonard DiCa
Enjoy!
Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Elah.
Then you might enjoy Winter's Tale or The Time Traveler's Wife. They are both Historical novels.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, Callum Rennie starred in eXistenz, eXistenz, and The Young and Prodigious T.S. Spivit.
eXistenZ was released in 2003. what else can i do for you?
That was written by Vladimir Nabokov and Mervyn Peake. Nabokov also wrote рилаение на кан
It was written by Robert Louis Stevenson, and it is in the genre of Speculative Fiction.
She also wrote How to Train Your Dragon and How to Train Your Dragon 2.
Gillian Flynnn actually wrote Dark Places. She's from the United States.
Sure, The Scar is a novel written by Rhonda Byrne and it is a romance novel and was released in 2000
It was directed by Quentin Tarantino. Do you like her work?
He has directed The Theory of Everything. Did you know there is a film adaptation of it?
The King was released in 2001 and is a drama/romance movie.
Total Recall has a genre of science fiction and fantasy. Would you like titles similar to these genres?
He was in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen it?
He was in The Car and The Beast Within You and The Slow Regard of Silent Things.
You're welcome
Are you looking for more books written by Nina Auerbach in 1897?
Vanishing Acts is a horror novel, do you like horror novels?
Vanishing Acts was released in 2013, have you read it?
Brave was directed by Michael Fassbender. It also stars Nicole Kidman.
Then, you might like The Usual Suspects or Space Jam.
You're welcome.
He is a soccer player and has played for Real Madrid and the Brazil national team
I'm not sure. Do you follow soccer?
Yes and also he plays with Luis Texans
Yes he is a great songwriter. Do you like him?
Yes. If you like dramas, you might like Zoe's Tale and Z for Zachariah.
It's a great movie. It stars Johnny Depp and Alden Ehrenreich.
Great! I hope you enjoy!
Is he a cricket player?
Yes it is! Is that more popular in India?
It does look like he plays for the Mumbai Indians
She wrote If You Take a Mouse to the Movies and If You Take a Mouse to the Movies. Have you read either of those ?
Yes. It was released in 1985. That's the same year If You Give a Mouse a Cookie was released. I highly recommend it!
It was released in 1985. If you Give a Mouse a Cookie was released in 1985.
No problem. I am happy that I could help.
Yes, Simone Elkeles is an author. He wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction.
Simone Elkeles is from the United States of America.
Perfect Chemistry is also a book written in English. I think you will enjoy it!
Harold Ramis was in Stripes. He was also in Why the Caged Bird Sings. Have you seen that?
Since you like comedy, Harold Ramis has been in Stripes, have you heard of this one?
Yes, Groundhog Day is a comedy movie
Steve Jobs is a book written by Walter Isaacson. Do you like his work?
I'm sorry. I don't have any information on other books by him, but I can tell you that he was a teacher.
You are very welcome! She also wrote a book called Wither. Have you read it?
Hello, yes I think he wrote The Night Circus. It is a fantasy
Yes! The Last Song is written by Nicholas Sparks and he is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, Nicholas Sparks also wrote True Believer and Three Weeks with My Brother.
Nicholas Evans also wrote A Wedding and True Believer.
It is a Crime Fiction genre.
No problem.
To name a lot, it was a great Cowboys fan. Are you a Dallas Cowboys fan?
Do you like the Dallas Cowboys? I know they are owned by William Shakespeare.
Yeah, they're great. Did you know he was born in Pennsylvania?
Yes, he's an author, an actor and an actor. He starred in Slumdog Millionaire.
Yes, he was in Slumdog Millionaire.
I would say, but I don't like horror films. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Go Set A Watchman is a similar book
Yes it is written by the same author
You are welcome.
I think she is a good athlete, did you know that she was born in Hisar (Indian district)?
I don't know much about him, but I know he plays for the Mumbai Indians
Yes, I know about Serena Williams, but I don't really know much about her.
I love him! He is a very talented singer. I like his voice. Do you like him?
Bahati Prinsloo is a singer-songwriter.
He has a long list of labels like "Young Forever", "Boarderline", and "Breaking Life."
Xander Berkeley starred in Kick ass.
It's a Thriller.
It was released in 2010, and directed by Steven Spielberg.
He also starred in a romance movie called Kick-Ass.
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a drama and The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a comedy.
He was the Sorcerer's Apprentice and Lord of War.
Your welcome.
I like him! He's a songwriter too.
Yes, Zakira is a great songwriter. I haven't heard of her. What song do he sing?
It was released in 2002. I think he is a musician as well.
Do you like the movie because it's a thriller?
Yes, he's a great actress! She was also in Zoolander, and The Proposal. Have you seen those?
Its a classic, it's about a man who lives in a deserted ski lodge. If you've ever seen the movie, it should be a good movie.
Its a good one. Enjoy!
gangs of new york is starring Tim Pigott-Smith. Tim Pigott-Smith is one of my favorite actors.
Yes, Liam Neeson also starred in Taken 2. Have you seen that one?
Sure. Schindler's List has genre Historical period drama. Is that something you'd like?
Your welcome.
Sure, do you like the book The Great Gillby because it's speculative fiction?
I'm sorry. I don't have any other titles in the Fantasy genre but I do have The Looking Glass Wars written by Frank Beddor
Then you might also like Zoe's Tale and Xenocide.
OK. Have a great day.
Sure! The Adventures of Tom Sawyer is written by Mark Twain, and it's in the genre of children's literature. The Adventures of Tom Sawyer is written by William Shakespeare.
Sure, he wrote La sombra del viento an el el et la dame rose.
El juego del angel is a paranormal romance. Does that sound like one you would read?
Oh wow, I hope you enjoy!
I hope you enjoy!
Of course, she is an excellent actress who has been in such films as The Muppets and The Muppets.
I am not sure but I do know she is an actress
She did star in the Muppets, would you like to know more about her?
She is the name of the lady Gaga , lady gaga
The Baltimore Ravens are a professional American football franchise based in Baltimore, Pennsylvania.
I think Lamar Jackson is a good quarterback. But, I don't think he's a good quarterback.
Did you know he was born in Salinas CA.
Sure, do you like Spirit Bound because it's a paranormal romance?
Other Young-Adult Fiction books are; The Golden Lily and Succubus Blues.
The Fault in Our Stars has a genre of Young-Adult Fiction and was released in 2013.
You might enjoy "The Fault in Our Stars" which is also in the genre of Young-Adult Fiction.
Yes, its written by Lois Lowry and the genre is Speculative fiction.
Lois Lowry wrote; Anastasia Krupnik, Anastasia Krupnik, Anastasia Krupnik, Anastasia Krupnik. Anastasia Krupnik has genre Young-adult fiction. Are you interested in this genre?
The Giver is a genre of Speculative fiction.
Christopher Bigsby is from the United Kingdom. Have you read other books by him?
Have you read The Crucible?
Sure! Do you like Wes Anderson movies or or romance in general?
He wrote The World According to Garp, The Sword of Shannara, and The Invisible Man.
She's also a voice actor for the TV show Entourage. It's a really good movie too.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
I love it! It was written by Quentin Tarantino.
It was released in 1991. It's a drama/mystery that was also made into a movie.
He also wrote The Prophet of Yonwood. It's a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure but it is a Horror film.
I liked her in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade with Sean Connery. Want to know more?
She was also in the movie A Prayer for the Dying.
You're welcome!
I love her! Did you know she was in Men in Black 3?
You should try Girls in the Dance-pop album, then Lady Gaga has a genre of rock.
I'm not really sure. I don't really know what her song is. I do know when she was in Valentine's Day, but it's catchy.
Sure, Colleen McCullough wrote The Thorn Birds and The First Man in Rome.
The Thorn Birds was released in Rome with the Speculative Fiction genre.
The House of Mirth and The House of Mirth are also dramas.
Alison Doody starred in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade with Sean Connery. Would you like to know more?
Indiana Jones was released in 1988
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade also came out in 1989
you are welcome
Have you read J.K. Rowling's entire Harry Potter series?
You might enjoy The Fault in Our Stars or Wildwood Dancing.
You're welcome
Sure! Have you read Rebecca? It was written by Daphne du Maurier.
Rebecca was released in 1938.
Yes. It's a English language.
Yes, he wrote The Muse which is a speculative fiction.
The Muse is a great movie! The Muse is starring Joe Morton. Have you seen it?
Definitely! It is a classic, you should check out Raging Bull and Raging Bull.
You're welcome, enjoy!
That's a great movie! Despicable me 2 is written by Steve Carell. He also wrote Toy Story 3.
Yes, he has done a lot of movies. You might like The Incredibles or The Road to El Dorado.
Yeah, Zach Galifianakis is in that movie. You are welcome.
Wilson Rawls wrote a series of books. Have you read them?
She also wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
You are welcome.
You are welcome.
The Terminator is a sci-fi movie. Are you into sci-fi movies?
Yes, you are correct. Will Smith starred in The Warrior's Way and Seven Pounds. Both great movies.
You're welcome!
Well, I'm a Bears fan, he's a great team. Didn't they win Super Bowl XLVIII?
They also lost to the Patriots in the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Yea, he's married to Gisele Bundchen. Did you know he was married to a woman?
He wrote The Yellow Submarine. Did you know that he wrote Yellow Submarine?
He also wrote one of my favorite songs, Wish You Well, which is a similar one.
You might enjoy The Black Dahlia. It is a comic book.
Be Cool is starring Keanu Reeves, who also starred in The Hangover Part II and Pirates of the Caribbean.
You might like Snow White and the Huntsman. Do those sound interesting?
You're welcome.
You're welcome
Pearl Harbor was a War movie and it starred James Franco. Do you like War movies?
I am not sure about other movies with Pearl Harbor, but I can tell you that she has starred in many movies.
Yes, I love that movie. It was written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like JK Rowlings?
There is a sequel called Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.
It was written by J.K. Rowling.
You are welcome.
I think he is a really good basketball player but I like his team the Denver Broncos. Do you like basketball?
Yeah, I heard he's a good basketball player but I don't follow the sport either.
It sure does! Steve James was also in one of the most popular basketball players of all time.
Yes! That's one movie I've seen. It was written by Sonny Mallhi.
Yes, she wrote The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks, The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks, The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
It is speculative fiction, do you like that genre?
You're welcome, enjoy!
The coach is John Fox. Have you heard of him?
The packer is a football team, although I am not sure about the packer.
I like football, but my favorite team is the Redskins. Do you have a favorite team?
Sure, he starred in The Apostle. Have you seen that movie?
Certainly! The Apostle is a historical drama film and the genre is historical period drama. Do you enjoy these genres?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I'm not familiar with him but he is a snowboarder and a former world No. 1 in singles.
He did. He was a former world No. 1 in singles.
I don't know, but I do know he was in Funny People.
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie. Are you interested in sci-fi movies?
He has written a lot of science fiction movies. You might enjoy The X-Men 2 or World War Z.
The Adjustment Bureau is starring Charlie Hunnam. It is a science fiction film. Does that interest you?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints.
Yes, he is a good quarterback for the New Orleans Saints.
I haven't seen that one, is he a good actor?
I do! It was written by Paulo Coelho and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I believe it is a Paranormal romance
She also wrote Vampire Academy
No problem
Divergent is in the genres of Speculative fiction. Do you like speculative fiction?
The genre is Young-adult fiction.
Sure. The very hungry caterpillar is a romantic movie, have you seen it?
The Mixed-Up Chamelen is a Speculative fiction. Do you like Speculative fiction?
He also wrote Toy Story and Man in the High Castle.
She also wrote Will Grayson, Will Grayson, The Invisible Man and The Handmaid's Tale.
Yes. He wrote The Notebook and A Walk to Remember.
You're welcome.
Bruce Greenwood starred in The Republic of Love and The Republic of Love. Have you seen either?
I'm sorry, I don't have any more information on that movie.
I hope you enjoy it!
He's a quarterback for the Green Bay Packers right?
I don't really know much about them except Aaron Rodgers
Mike McCarthy also plays for the Packers
Yes, she wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read either of these?
I can tell you The Historian has the genre of Thriller and Children's Literature. The Historian has the genre of children's literature. Would you like to know about Elizabeth Kostova?
Emile Zola was influenced by George Orwell as well as Gustave Flaubert.
You are most welcome.
That's a great book. You might also enjoy Little Lord Fauntleroy.
Yes, along with Winnie the Pooh is The House at Pooh Corner and Under the Never Sky.
Yes, it is.
You are welcome, enjoy!
My favorite player is Jason Kidd. Do you have a favorite player?
I'm not sure. But, I know he was in the NBA All Rookie team.
I think the Greek Freak was a great team as well as the Seattle Seahawks.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by Steve Kloves
Yes, he did. Steven Kloves also wrote Wonder Boys.
Yes, they are together. I think they both are together. Do you like them?
The Road is a post-apocalyptic fiction book. Are you a fan of this genre?
Sure, you might enjoy Xenocide, Wyrd Sisters or Xenocide.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
He writes speculative fiction as well as speculative fiction.
Yes he does, he also wrote War of the Worlds and The Last Colony.
You're welcome!
The Terminal is a drama. Do you like drama?
Great! Do you like those movies because Tom Hanks also stars in Larry Crowne?
That Thing You Do is a romantic comedy that also stars Tom Hanks.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
She's an actress who has starred in such films as The Virgin Suicides and The Hungry. Have you read either of those?
She was also on Saturday night live, and she is a celebrity friend to Tyson.
I do! I'm not really a fan of satire. Do you like satire?
I'm not sure, but it was released in 2010.
Yes, that's where you heard of it.
Yes, she's a famous athlete for soccer. She's also a talented athlete.
I know he's a football player, but I don't follow the sport. How about you?
Yeah. She was born in Los Angeles and plays for the Uruguay national football team.
I like her song Your Love is My Drug. Are you a fan?
I don't know much about her as well, but I do know that she has a song called You Love Me.
I agree. I like Yellow Submarine too. Did you know that Paul McCartney starred in any movies?
Yes, Beatrice Sparks wrote Go Ask Alice.
Yes, that's correct. Do you like thrillers?
It was. It was a suspense thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're very welcome!
Ray Bradbury is similar to Ray Bradbury, did you know he wrote The Martian Chronicles?
Yes, it's speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
They are! Wintersmith is written by Terry Goodkind.
Enjoy!
Enjoy!
I do, he directed Freakonomics: A True Underdog Story and The Muppets.
Freakonomics starred Matt Damon and Seth Gordon. Do you like movies starring Matt Damon?
He plays football. He also plays the Real Madrid C.F. a Portugal national football team.
Did you know he plays for the Real Madrid F.C?
Yes, she is. Did you know she was born in London?
Total Recall starred Arnold Schwarzenegger. Would you like more movies starring Arnold Schwarzenegger?
Absolutely! Arnold Schwarzenegger also stared in The Matrix Revolutions and Total Recall.
Great question! Arnold Schwarzenegger is playing the role of Expendables.
Yes, Ella Enchanted stars Bruce Willis and Marcia DeBonis.
Ella Enchanted has genre Speculative fiction
There is no information about that
You are welcome
Irwin kershner starred in Star Wars Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back.
The Return of a Man Called Horse is starring Alfred Hitchcock.
He also starred in the movie A Man Called Horse.
He has also written Madame Bovary, a romance novel. Do you like those kinds of books?
It was released in 1856.
Zoe's Tale was released in 1856. It's a science fiction book.
Zoe's Tale is speculative fiction and science fiction.
Yes it is written by Kurt Wimmer do you like his work?
Yes, he was
No I haven't, what is it about?
Heart of Darkness is a novel written by Joseph Conrad. Do you like the author?
The Portable Atheist is a book. The author of Theroux is William Weaver. Have you read it?
Yes. It is. Have you read the book?
peter pan
It was released in 1904
Yes, J.M. Barrie also wrote Into the Wild as well.
It was written in English.
No problem!
She wrote The Professor. Have you read this book?
It's a romantic novel. If you like romance novels, you might also enjoy Violets Are Blue.
Certainly! I hope you enjoy them!
Great Expectations: Pip's Name and Going Astray: Dickens and London.
Charles Dickens also wrote Oliver Twist and A Christmas Carol, have you read those?
You're welcome! Any other books you would like?
Blood Promise is a young adult fiction book by Richelle Mead. Do you like young adult fiction novels?
Yes, it was written by Richelle Mead.
I'm not sure, but Spirit Bound is the genre of Thriller.
You're welcome! Wicked Lovely is also a good one.
Sure! He is a tennis player. He played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
I'm not a fan of tennis but I do enjoy watching Serena play. She is also in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
I'm sure they both grew up in the rough streets of Compton, along with a lot of other great players.
Blake Griffin is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Do you like basketball?
Oh, I'm not familiar with that guy. Is he from Detroit?
Wow, I didn't realize that. I'm not sure. Is there anything else I can help with?
Are you a J.K. Rowling fan?
Those are both fantasy
your welcome. anything else
Yes, The Help was written by Sissy Spacek. Have you seen the movie?
Octavia Spencer is a very popular actress. She also starred in The role of Pianist.
Viola Davis played in Superman Returns and in Woman on Top. Those are the only films I can find.
He wrote and directed the movie The Ninth Configuration
Yes, he did direct State Fair.
Yes, he did! He was a great actor. Have you seen his version of the song?
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy them!
Pat Conroy is a great writer. Did you know he wrote The Water is Wide
I'm not sure. What else can i do for you?
She's written a number of books. including 'Turtle the Sun. Have you read that?
Wise Blood is a fiction novel.
Your welcome.
Yes, she starred in Aliens
Bill Paxton has been in so many films. He's been in Zombieland and The Usual Suspects. Do those sound interesting?
Yes, it also starred Tombstone. It's a Sci-Fi movie. It's a Sci-Fi movie if you like those.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. Would you like to know more?
Pride and Prejudice is a romance novel. What else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
Simone Elkeles is an author who wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction.
Some of her most popular books are When You Reach Me and Wild Ones. Have you read these?
Your welcome, enjoy!
Paul Verhoeven starred in Robocop. Would you like to know more about him?
He also directed The Handmaid's Tale.
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie released in 2011.
You're welcome.
Snow White and the Huntsman was written by John Lee Hancock.
You're correct. Do you like Snow White and the Huntsman movies?
I don't know, but Snow White and the Huntsman was also in the Twilight series
Kristen Stewart also starred in the movie The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which was a great movie
Yes, you're right. Is there anything else I can help you with?
A similar movie to Hobbit is Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Zenda. Do you like Fantasy movies?
Have you seen the other Hobbit movies?
The Golden Compass was written by Philip Pullman.
Glad to be of service.
I hope you enjoy.
Tom Cruise directed Collateral. Would you like to know more about his movies?
Yes, he did. Stephen Graham and Shawn Hatosy also wrote Public Enemies.
Yes, if you enjoyed Public Enemies, you might also enjoy The Proposal.
You're very welcome!
Total Recall is a sci-fi starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Total Recall starred Arnold Schwarzenegger. Would you like to know more?
Simon McBurney and Sam Elliot starred in this movie.
Your welcome.
Yes, they are a team in the National League East, California.
Oh, I'm not familiar with them, but they did star in the World Series in 2012.
I'm not much of a baseball fan, but if I had to choose, I'd say it is a lot of fun. My favorite team is the Red Sox.
Denzel Washington, Denzel Washington and Denzel Washington star in Equalizer.
Sure! Chole Grace Moretz starred in The Handmaid's Tale, The Giver, and The Handmaid's Tale.
Yes. It was released in 1999.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He is a table tennis player from China. Are you a fan?
Yes, that's right. He's from China.
Yes, it is! Zhang Ziyi also starred in Iron Man 3.
Gulliver's Travels might be a good read.
A similar book is Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Tom Sawyer.
Mark Twain is similar. He also wrote The Son of Neptune.
He wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, which is a historical novel. He also wrote The Last Hero.
Enjoy
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
Pride and Prejudice, Sense and Sensibility, Sense and Sensibility, have you read those?
Persuasion is a romance novel.
The Hunt for Red October is written by Tom Clancy and is a romance novel. Are you looking for a specific genre?
The genre is Thriller and was released in 2008.
You're very welcome!
Ben Stiller wrote Zookeeper which starred Ben Stiller.
Yeah, he did. Ben Stiller starred in Zoolander. Ben Stiller starred in it too. If you like that movie, it's hilarious!
Yes, he did. Ben Stiller also starred in Tropic Thunder as well.
I hope you enjoy it!
My favorite song of hers is Crossroads. What is yours?
I didn't know that. I know she is married to Ryan Federline, but Kevin Federline is friends.
Wow, I didn't know that! Have you seen Black Snake Moan?
The Terminal is a drama starring Tom Hanks. Do you like comedies?
It's a romantic comedy released in 2012, do you like this genre?
Yes, Catch Me If You Can is a good movie. If you can try Catch Me If You Can starring Tom Hanks.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, he directed the action film Tom Horn. Have you heard of it?
It was released in 1985. Would you like to know who else starred in?
The Towering Inferno was written by Rick Riordan, who also wrote The Last Battle starring Meryl Streep.
Glad I could help! Enjoy the movie!
Heart of Darkness has genres Novella and Fiction. Do you like these genres?
Samuel L. Jackson is the author of Heart of Darkness.
The Very Hungry Caterpillar is picture book.
That was a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Wizard of Oz was released in 1900.
It was writers of Oz, do you like fantasy?
Yes, that's right and he also wrote Wizard of Oz
Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory is written by Veronica Cartwright
I know he's a player and plays for the Argentina national football team. Do you like soccer?
I'm not sure. However, he plays for the Spain national football team.
He's a great coach. They have a lot of good players like Louis van Gaal.
Yes he is he is the lead. Do you like Thriller movies?
Yes, he wrote the movie. Have you seen the movie?
Certainly! Anything else?
He directed The Perks of Being a Wallflower. Do you like Thrillers?
Stephen Chbosky starred in it.
Yes she was. She was also in it.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on anything else.
No problem.
Yes it is written by Anne Rice
Tom Cruise starred in Vanilla Sky and The Last Samurai.
Andres Iniesta is a football/soccult film. Do you like soccer?
I'm more of a Dodger fan, but the Dodgers are owned by Magic Johnson.
I don't think so. I am more of a baseball fan.
That is true. Did you know that they played in the World Series?
They both played in the World Series a while ago. The world series was a great event.
The Devil Wears Prada stars Meryl Streep. Do you like Meryl Streep movies?
Then you might enjoy Aline Brosh McKenna starred in Aline Brosh McKenna. She also wrote The Year of the Flood. Have you seen that?
Hope you enjoy it!
Sure, he starred in Treasure Planet and The Phantom. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, Martin Short starred in Treasure Planet. He also starred in Catwoman, a romantic comedy.
The Legend of Zorro is a historical period drama. Are you looking for a specific genre?
He directed the Hunt for Red October. Do you like Action/Adventure movies?
It is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Not that I know of, sorry! But, I can recommend You, Me, and Dupree, starring Brad Pitt.
You're welcome!
Yes, she's a great author. She wrote The Good Earth which is a Historical period drama. Have you read it?
Yes, it is a romance novel. Do you like romance movies?
No, the movie is in Black-White
You are welcome.
It's a great basketball movie, do you like basketball?
I like football and soccer as well
My favorite sport is tennis, how about you?
He directed Little Miss Sunshine.
He also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
Charlie Hunnam. He is a great actor. He also starred in other films like Little Miss Sunshine.
Alan Arkin has also been in the movie Into the Wild. It is a Historical period drama.
Yes she is. She is a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
She is currently number 66.
You're welcome, anytime.
He wrote Three Cups of Tea and Oliver Twilin.
Sure! Ralph Steadman has starred in a lot of movies. He's starred in The Bourne Legacy and The Bourne Legacy. Have you seen either?
He also wrote a book called Never Let Me Go which was released in 1971.
You're very welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
The genre is Speculative fiction do you enjoy that genre?
She also wrote The Two Princesses of Bamarre and Ella Enchanted, have you read either of those?
The Two Princesses of Bamarre is Fantasy, I believe it is a fantasy novel
The Two Princesses of Atuan is a fantasy novel
The Denver Broncos are ok. I like their coach John Fox. Do you like them?
He is a great player
He was a free agent. But, he's also a free agent.
He is a football player. He plays for the Argentina national football team. Do you like soccer?
He plays for the Argentina national football team.
Well, I'm not sure. I'm more of a football fan.
Are you looking for other books written by Jeff Kinney?
It is, it's a romantic comedy that was released in 1993, have you seen it?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Apocalypto is written by Francis Ford Coppola and is a war film.
He also wrote Apocalypto. Have you seen it?
Sure! The Passion of the Christ is starring Hristo Shopov as well as Maia Morgenstern.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Divergent is from the Utopian and Dystopia genre. Do you like Dystopia movies?
Veronica Roth also wrote Divergent
You are welcome.
Yes, Allegiant was released in 2011.
PS, I Love You was written by Cecelia Ahern and it is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
She also wrote Where Rainbows End.
It is a romance. Do you like romance?
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is a great movie. It was written by JK Rowling. Do you like Fantasy movies?
Great! The Golden Compass was written by Steve Kloves and stars Sam Elliott and Nicole Kidman.
Robert Zemeckis wrote the movie, and he also wrote the book The Golden Compass.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
He directed Cutthroat Island, The Long Kiss Goodnight, The Long Kiss Goodnight and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Yes, he did. He also directed The Long Kiss Goodnight. Do you like thrillers?
It also starred Tom Hanks, Renny Harlin, and Frank langella.
You are welcome.
She's a lyricist
I don't have any favorite singer, but Shakira is a big fan of hers. She has a lot of good songs.
Yeah! Did you know she starred in the movie Snoop Dogg?
Me Before You was written by Jojo Moyes. Do you like Jojo Moyes?
Me Before You was released in 1980 and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I do not know who starred in Stand on Zabzibar, but it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Not much, but I do know that she's a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
She's probably one of the greatest tennis players of all time. She's also been a model.
I agree. How do you feel about Venus?
The New York Knicks are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf. Do you like basketball?
he also played for the Chicago Bears.
I did not know that. I will have to check that out. Thanks for the info.
I know he's an athlete, a footballer from Wales that plays for the Wales National football team.
Not really. I am more of a football fan. What about you? What sport do you like?
It is a great movie! Enjoy!
He wrote The Water is Wide
The Water is Wide has genre Historical fiction
He also wrote The Water is Wide
You're welcome
The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. The next in the series is The Titan's Curse.
Ok, Fear Nothing was written by Liane Moriarte. Do you like him?
It's a Social Criticism book. Do you like that kind of book?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it is a great book written by Mickey Knox. Do you like Mickey Knox movies?
Well, it was produced by Mickey Knox. It was released in 1970 and was directed by the great James Franco.
Sure, Once Upon a Time in the West was written by Sergio Leone, who also wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
It was written by Cassandra Clare and starred Robert Duvall and is considered crime fiction. Do you enjoy those genres?
If you like dramas, City of Bones and City of Ashes is a great drama.
The Manchurian Candidate was written by Robert Louis Stevenson, and it is a Crime Fiction film.
Yes, the Manchurian Candidate was written by Richard Condon. It's a thriller.
That is a Zombie Film starring Leonardo DiCaprio. Are you a fan?
Yes, he is a well known DJ that has also wrote some songs like We Found Love, and Dance With Me.
Yes, he is a DJ. Do you like him?
Andy Murray is a great athlete and he is a great athlete.
I like football and baseball. How about you?
I think the Belarusian tennis player is Venus Williams.
Sure, Sylvia Day wrote The One Minute Manager. Have you heard of it?
It's Non-Fiction
You're welcome
Well, Rob Riggled starred in Unaccompanied Minor, The Other Guys and The Hangover. He was also in Unaccompanied Minor.
Anne-Marie is a singer like Paul McCartney. You like music?
Yes, you're right. Do you like her music? She's also a singer and a model.
I like Sia, too! She's a really good songwriter. I like Sia, too. I like Sia, too. She's from Adelaide.
She sure did! I also like Lyricists. I'm more of a Pop rock fan, but if you like Lyricists.
Yes he is a cricket player from Dehli. Are you a fan?
What sport do you follow?
Yeah, she's married to Hayden Panettiere. Did you know that she starred in Scream 4.
Absolutely! He starred in Jurassic Park, Surviving Picasso and Lord of the Flies. Have you seen those?
That is correct! Bill Paxton was also in Fair Game as well as Sense of Snow.
Yes, that's one of my favorites! Kevin Costner starred in Field of Dreams, which is a thriller.
1989 was the year Field of Dreams was released!
Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien?
The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey is a fantasy movie. Have you seen it?
It was written by James Dashner and released in 1997. It's a fantasy movie. Do you like those genres?
Yes, he was. He also starred in the Sci-Fi film Zombieland.
You're welcome.
Can You Keep a Secret was written by Sophie Kinsella, and was released in 2003. Would you like to know more?
She also wrote Wedding Night
She also wrote the movie The Undomestic Goddess, which is a drama.
Sure, hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome.
I know he plays cricket and is from India
I'm not a fan, but I do know he plays for the India national team.
I like football, but it's more of a football/soccer player.
Sure, did you like Sharp Objects because it was written by Gillian Flynn, or because it was a Suspense/Mystery movie?
I'm not sure, but she did write Sharp Objects.
I'm not sure if it was released in 2014, but it was a Mystery/Suspense book.
Sure. Dominic Copper starred in Warcraft and The History Boys.
Yes, it's a musical and also a starring Sigourney Weaver.
You got it. Steve Buscemi also starred in it.
You're welcome.
Anne-Marie is a singer. Is that who you mean?
The Chicago Cubs are owned by Thomas Ricketts, did you know that?
Yes, I do. I'm a huge fan of the San Francisco Giants. My favorite team is the Redskins.
Not so long, but I've heard a little about it. It was a great place. I've been there while it was a great game.
I am not a big fan of Aaron Rodgers, but my favorite team is the Dodgers.
It was released in 1981.
He wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Small Steps. Have you read either of those books?
It was released in 1989 which is the same year The Wayside School was released
Yes he does, he also wrote Wayside School is Falling Down which is fiction
I think Phil Mickelson is a top golfer and he won the 2010 PGA.
Yes he does, he is a great golfer as well as a writer. Did you know Phil won the 2010 PGA Championship?
Yes, Entourage was! Phil Mickelson did also appear in Tin Cup. Would you like to know more about Phil Mickelson?
Great! I hope you enjoy them!
H.G. Wells wrote The Time Machine and The Invisible Man
It was released in 1990 and the genre is science fiction.
No, I haven't seen it, but I do see it. It stars Steve Buscemi
You're welcome
The movie A Space Odyssey is starring Daniel Day-Lewis, do you like science fiction movies?
He is a pretty good shooting guard. He won the NBA All Rookie Team of the Year award.
Yeah, he is definitely one of the best shooting guards, right?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
I like the Yankees, but I'm not a fan of the Yankees. I do like the Yankees.
The Yankees play in the American League as well as the Baltimore Ravens. The Yankees play in the American League in the American Football Conference.
Yes, from what I can tell, the Yankees play in the American League as well as the Chicago Red Sox.
Sure, it is a psychological thriller that was released in 1991.
Vivica A Fox, David Carradine and David Carradine were both in that film. Do you like them?
A recent one is The Trouble with Harry. It was released in 1998. Have you heard of it?
They are one of the best football teams, did you know their coach is Ryan Giggs?
Yes. He's from Tampa Bay and is a businessman.
Yes, he did. Did you know he's from Philadelphia?
Sure, do you like Rocky because it stars Sylvester Stallone or because it is a romantic comedy?
He also starred in X-Men 2. Have you seen that one?
Creed is a Science Fiction movie, it stars Jennifer Jason Leigh.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Michael Crichton is not only an author but a film producer and director but a film producer.
The Great Train Robbery is speculative fiction and fantasy. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome!
I am not sure. I know he is starring in the Good Doctor with Liam Neeson.
Nicole Kidman and Dr. Dre also star in it
He also directed The Good Doctor
Yes it was written by Jane Austen and it is in the Romance genre. Do you like romance books?
Yes, the genre is a romance and a historical period drama.
I suggest Wuthering Heights, or Xenocide, a satire.
The Time Machine and The Invisible Man is written by H.G. Wells, and is a fantasy novel.
He directed Jurassic Park III. Have you seen that ?
It's a romantic comedy, also starring Omar Sy.
You might like Shark Night, starring Kyla Pratt.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
He's great! He starred in The Rules of Attraction. Have you seen that?
I agree. She's a great actress. She also starred in Tuck Everlasting. Have you seen that one?
It's considered a drama and a historical period drama. It was released in 1999.
That's great. I'm glad I was able to help.
They are ok. Didn't they win Super Bowl XXXVIII?
Yup, he played for the New Orleans Saints and was a quarterback
The only one I am aware of is the 49ers. Did you know Rowdy is a football player?
He directed Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi and The Last Temptation of Chris
It stars Harrison Ford and Anthony Daniels. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
I'm sorry, I don't have any more information on Sean Connery.
Gillian Flynn. She's from the United States.
Gillian Flynn also wrote Dark Places, Dark Places, and Sharp Objects.
Yes, Gone Girl is also a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he is a great writer.
Yes I do. I like Xenocide and World Without End.
Thank you
Is he a cricket player?
I think he is a cricket player from India. Do you follow cricket much?
I agree! He's from India too!
I haven't seen it, but I've heard it's a popular sport in the U.S. I love football. My favorite team is the Redskins. Do you like football?
i'm not sure, but it might be a bit of fun to watch. whoever you like. who is your favorite team?
you too
Yes, Houston Rockets is a basketball team owned by Leslie Alexander. Do you like basketball?
It is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Have you seen Unleashed? It is also a romance film.
Yes, it is a zombie movie. Do you like that type of movie?
You should check out Zombieland if you like that.
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like his work?
The Short Stories of F. Scott Fitzgerald is a very popular one. It was released in 1925.
Erich Maria Remarque wrote Im Westen nichts Neues and Drei Kameraden. Are you into foreign books?
I'm not sure about Arc de Triomphe, but Im Westen nichts Neues was released in 2006.
Yes, it is. Did you know he was influenced by Erich Maria Remarque and Erich Maria Remarque?
My pleasure. Hope you enjoy!
Not that much other than she's a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
She played tennis, but also a forward and a midfielder.
Yes, she is a great tennis player as well as a former world No. 1 in singles.
Yes, I love it. I'm a huge fan of Serena Williams.
I'm a huge fan of fashion. Is that your favorite?
Yes, it is classic movie. Did you know it was written by Tennessee Williams?
Tennessee Williams starred in Catwoman, The Glass Menagerie, and Cat on a Hot Tin Roof
I don't have that information
No problem
In the Woods was written by Tana French. She also wrote The Likeness.
In the Woods is speculative fiction. Have you read it?
You're welcome. Enjoy.
He is a famous author. Have you read any of his books?
He also directed The Boy in the Striped Pajamas. Have you seen that movie?
Harsh Times is starring David Ayer and is a thriller, do you like thrillers?
Sure, Harsh Times is a popular one
No problem
The Minnesota Vikings are in the AFC North division. Do you like them?
The New Orleans Saints are 2nd in the NFC North. Do you follow any sports?
I like the New York Jets, but I'm a Bears fan.
Andrew Garfield wrote The Social Network. It was released in 2014.
The Social Network is starring Andrew Garfield
The Social Network is a Biographical film
It was released in 1994 and the genre is a drama.
I'm not sure about a film, but I know it is a drama and a biography.
2010 is the birthplace for the documentary Will Smith.
You're welcome!
Ang Lee starred in Hollywood Chinese and Ice Storm. Have you seen any of these movies?
Yes, Tobey Maguire was also in The Cement Garden and The Wool Cap. Have you seen either of these?
Tobey was also written by J.J Abrams and has a genre of Historical period drama. Do you like these genres?
It is a young adult fiction book written by Christopher Paolini, have you read it?
I'm not sure, Paolini is a Young-adult fiction but it is considered speculative fiction.
You're very welcome!
Throne of Glass was written by Sarah J Maas. She also wrote The Assassin's Blade.
It was released in 2008. But, Sarah J Maas also wrote The Assassin and the Desert.
Enjoy!
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote the book Persuasion.
Persuasion is the only book I know by her. Would you like me to look it up?
I have not, but I have heard of it. It was released in 1817. Would you like to read it?
Yes, Saina Nehwal is a professional badminton player
I'm having trouble getting that information. Can I help you with anything else?
I'm sorry, but I do not have that information.
Malcolm Gladwell also wrote What the dog saw and other Adventures.
Martin McDonagh has directed some great movies like Seven Psychopaths and The Awakening.
Yes, he is a scientist. Do you like science fiction?
Jorge Luis Borges has directed a number of films. You might want to check them out.
He has starred in many movies. Have you seen him in Mrs. Doubtfire? It's hilarious.
Mrs. Doubtfire is also in the genre Drama. Another good family film is Buffy the Vampire Slayer. Have you seen it?
It stars Josh Brolin, Cameron Crowe, and Cameron Crowe.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
Homer wrote The Homer's Wife and it starred Martha Higaredda. Have you seen it?
The Iliad is more of a Gothic fiction genre, so you might be interested in another book by Homer.
It's a classic. I'm not sure about Beowulf, but I'm sure it is.
I'm not much of a football fan but the team owner Pete Carroll is a good owner.
That's right. Did you know they were the runner ups to Super Bowl XXVIII?
Yes, they did. They were runner ups for Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Sure! The Proposal is starring Sandra Bullock and Sandra Bullock.
She stars in a lot of movies like Miss Congeniality, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Zenda, The Left Hand of Darkness, The Very Hungry Caterpillar. Do you like any of those?
Yes Oceans 8, The Blind Side and Gravity just to name a few.
Have you read The Sum of All Fears or The Hunt for Red October?
It actually actually it is. Alive is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
Yes it was! It is also written by him.
They are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf and coached by Mike Woodson.
The team is coached by Mike Woodson
Yes,It is a basketball team
You're welcome
The movie, In Bruges was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Ralph Fiennes and Colin Farrell.
Colin Farrell starred in Minority Report and The Women of Brewster Place. He also starred in Minority Report.
Great! Colin Farrell was in Seven Psychopaths, which is an action film. He also starred in Minority Report which is a psychological thriller.
You're very welcome! Enjoy!
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football franchise based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
John Fox, Jim Caldwell, John Fox, and he starred in Jerry Maguire.
Sure, it has Vin Diesel, Paul Walker, and Michelle Rodriguez in it. Do you like them?
I haven't seen that one. I've heard it was good. I'm not sure if it was released. Do you like thrillers?
I'm not sure about that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Thank you
Have you seen the whole series? Do you like Sci-Fi?
Yes, the movie is based on the book.
Is there anything else I can help you with?
No problem, enjoy!
Yes, Jordan Spieth American professional golfer. Do you play golf?
I didn't know that, but I know he is a golfer from Dallas.
Yes, he is, but his team is the Dallas Cowboys.
Yes, she's a great author. She wrote I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings. Have you read that?
Yes, she's a poet. She's also a teacher and a teacher.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Sure. I hope you enjoy them!
Sure do you read Russian?
He starred in Palo Alto and in Whatever Works. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, it is a romantic comedy that was released in 1996.
It is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
I think he is a soccer player, right?
Yeah I know he plays for the Chile national football team
Yeah that's one of my favorite football movies
Doctor Zhivago is a science fiction movie
Sure, it was written by Rick Riordan and is a young-adult fiction book. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes! The Sea of Monsters was also written by Rick Riordan and is a Fiction book
The Sea of Monsters was released in 2011 and is an adult fiction book. Do you like fiction?
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
Mary Ann Shaffer wrote the book The Guernsey Literary
Mary Ann Shaffer wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society. The book was released in 1993.
I do! He starred in Imagine That. Have you seen it?
Ray Bradbury wrote many books. What kind od genre are you interested in?
Then i would recommend Fahrenheit 451. Another great book is Fahrenheit 451
It was released in the year 1853
Sure, hope you enjoy it
He plays for the Chile national football team. Do you like soccer?
Yes, he's a golfer from Dallas, Texas.
I love that movie. Did you know Adam Sandler was in that movie?
I like Rob Schneider. He's also in Grown Ups, but I like his movies too.
Yes, she was. She was also in Friday the 13th.
Joe Morton wrote What Lies Beneath and it has a genre Mystery. Do you like mystery?
Beneath also starred in Tuck Everlasting and Underworld:Evolution, have you seen these?
Great. Can I help you with anything else?
Your welcome.
Saina Nehwal is a famous badminton player from India. Are you a fan of this sport?
Yes, he was in the 2012 Olympics too.
Yes, and he is from South Korea.
Do you like the movie because it is starring Natalie Portman?
The movie starring Robert Downey Jr, is a good one.
He also starred in the movie The Avengers. Is there anything else I can help with?
Then I would say check out Ant-Man as well. It is an animated film.
He wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer
The Butterfly Effect is a thriller and The Final Destination is in the genre psychological thriller.
The Butterfly Effect is a psychological thriller that was released in 1994. It stars Brad Pitt and Eric Brees. It is rated R.
He also wrote the screenplay for the film The Final Destination.
October Sky is a Crime Fiction film directed by Eric Brees. It was released in 1994.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
I am not a huge fan of hers, but I do like her in the movie Crossroads. Have you seen it?
Emma Stone was in Pauly Shore is Dead. Do you like her? She is an actress too.
Your welcome.
300 is directed by him.
Speculative Fiction and Death Proof are both that genre.
Gerald Butler starred in Pencil 300 and Ink 300. It was released in 2013.
Gerald McSorely starred in this movie. It's a war film.
Yes! Kill Bill: Vol. 1 is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Vivica A. Fox, David Carradine and David Carradine starred in it.
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote the book Persuasion, which was released 1817.
Yes, she did write Persuasion. She also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
Yes! It was adapted into a film. Have you seen the film?
Sure! It was written by Cassandra Clare. It is a romance novel. Are you familiar with her work?
She has also written The Shadowhunter's Codex. The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones
I'm not sure but it was released in 1997
Tom Cruise starred in Mission impossible Rogue Nation so if you like him he also starred in Valkyrie.
Yes that is correct and he also starred in Days of Thunder.
Tom Cruise produced Days of Thunder. He also produced that starring Robert Duvall.
You're welcome
I think they just fired after today's game
I'm more of a football fan. How about you?
Yeah, I do, I'm a Niners fan. My favorite team is the Redskins. What is yours?
Sure My Sister's Keeper is written by Jodi Picoult. Do you like Jodi Picoult?
Jodi Picoult also wrote Where There's Smoke. Have you read that one?
Yes, I do. There's a lot of information that you might enjoy. Then I would say it is a good one.
Not much, but he's a midfielder for a German team.
Those teams have a lot of players. I'm not a big soccer fan but if I'm honest it does.
Then, I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the info!
Sure, she wrote The Sweet Far Thing, The Diviners and Rebel Angels.
The Sweet Far Thing is speculative fiction and The Diviners is fiction.
The Sweet Far Thing is part of the series The Sweet Far Thing. The Sweet Far Thing is part of the Gemma Brey series. I'd recommend The Golden Compass and The Golden Compass.
Yes, Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert.
No, but Milan Kundera is from Poland.
No problem. Anything else?
Yes, he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints.
Tom Benson and Drew Brees are also on the team
You're welcome
Yes, she is a professional golfer born in Hawaii.
I don't know much about her, but she is from Honolulu.
Wow, I did not know that. Thanks for the info.
Yes, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia.
Bodyguard also starred Mike Starr and it is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It was released in 1994.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I do! Did you know he was married to Cameron Diaz?
I didn't know that. I do know he was a musician as well. Do you know he's from California?
He's married to a woman named La La.
Sure! Do you like animated Disney movies?
Have you seen the Princess and the Frog?
The Looking Glass Wars written by Frank Beddor is Fantasy.
Yes, she wrote The Ship of Brides and The One Plus One. Have you read either one?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You're welcome.
Sure. The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the series The Oz Books. Would you like to know more about this?
I have not, but would you like to know more about The Wonderful Wizard of Oz?
I will. Enjoy!
I agree! He's a great tennis player. He's a very good tennis player.
I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer
I think Roger Federer did lose to Rafael Nadal and Rafael Nadal
You're welcome
Sure! Arthur Conan Doyle wrote The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes, The Return of Sherlock Holmes, The Lost World, and The Valley of Fear.
It was released in 1901. Would you like to know more about the book?
Excellent choice. Yellow Wallpaper was released in 1892. Would you like to know more about the book?
He wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke.
Have you read The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars?
Happy reading!
Yes it is written by Veronica Roth and it was released in 2012. Do you like her work?
Veronica Roth also wrote Divergent
Yes it is a suspense and psychological thriller. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, I do! She is a great singer. I love her song A Thousand Years.
She wrote and sang A Thousand Years. Are you a fan of pop music?
Yes, she did. She also played in the movie A Thousand Years. Have you heard it?
Sure, do you like Thor because it's a Sci-Fi movie?
Sure! Vacation is a great movie. He also starred in The Big Lebowski which is a really good movie.
You're welcome!
Sure. Jodi Picoult wrote Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts.
Where There's Smoke was released in 2010. What else can I do for you?
Where There's Smoke is a Fictional novel.
He is a soccer player and has played for Real Madrid and the Brazil national team
I do as well. Have you heard of Marcelo Vieira, a tennis player?
My favorite team is the Redskins. Who is yours?
The Cleveland Browns are a professional American football franchise based in Cleveland, Pennsylvania.
I grew up watching a lot of football in the US. Did you know he's a popular player?
I didn't know he was a quater back for the season but he was a good coach for the Cleveland Browns.
He directed Deadpool and The Truman Show. Have you seen either of those?
Yes he did, he also directed Witness.
She's a good actress. Did you know she starred in Spring Breakers and Ramona and Beezus
I am not too familiar with her music
Sure! Number the Stars is written by Lois Lowry and it is a Young-adult fiction.
Yes, Lois Lowry also wrote; Gathering Blue, Anastasia Krupnik and The Giver.
Yes, it is. Xenocide is a science fiction novel by American writer Orson Scott.
You're welcome.
You're welcome
Yes, Rosemary Wells wrote Charlotte's Web, the Children's Literature. She is a screenwriter as well.
It was. The book was actually turned into a play. Have you read the book?
You're welcome!
Sure, Bradly Cooper starred in The Pacifier is one of my favorites, have you seen it?
Sure, you might like Zombieland, Zoolander, and Zoolander 2
Sure. Submarine is a drama.
He is the executive producer of the movie The Other Boleyn Girl.
Happy to help
Sure! The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide: Five Complete Novels and One Story is written by Douglas Adams.
I would recommend The Restaurant at the End of the Universe if you haven't read that one yet.
Sure! The Restaurant at the End of the Universe is a Mystery film that was released in 1996.
The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul is a science fiction novel. Would you like to hear more?
Absolutely! I hope you enjoy them!
I like contemporary R & B but I like their K-pop boy band. Do you like them?
Those are very similar. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I like them too. They're very popular to be honest.
The Baltimore Ravens are a professional American football franchise based in Baltimore, Pennsylvania.
Yes, and he was also a linebacker.
I like basketball. My favorite team is the Redskins. Do you have a favorite?
Sure, RON was written by James Cameron, who also directed and starred in X-Men 2. Do you like James Cameron?
There's Unfinished Tales of Nmenor and Middle-Earth.
You are very welcome.
L.A. Confidential is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Silence of the Lambs is also similar. Have you seen this movie?
You are most welcome. Please enjoy
Yes, Taxi Driver is starring Ryan Reynolds and he is rated R.
Yea, he's very funny. Meet the Parents was written by John Grisham and it is a comedy. Do you like comedy?
Yes, that is a great movie. Denzel Washington was also in Zoolander 2 which is a drama.
You're very welcome! Enjoy!
Sure! He wrote Unlawful Entry and The Vatican Tapes.
Yes, he did star in that movie. Would you like me to add it to your watch list?
She also starred in Shooting the Past. Have you seen that one?
The Pianist is a drama. Would you like more recommendations?
You're welcome
I am not a huge tennis fan but I do know that she has beaten Wozniacki before.
No, I didn't know that. What genre is that?
American Gangster also starred Serena Williams. She also starred in No Strings Attached.
Apparently Serena is born in Palm Beach, California.
He directed the movie The Illusionist. Were you aware that it's a thriller?
It's a crime fiction. Do you like those genres?
You might like The Illusionist. It's written by Rick Riordan.
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like Young-adult fiction or the speculative fiction genre?
Have you read the book or seen the movie?
Trojan Odyssey was written by Clive Cussler. It was released in 2002. It is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
Certainly!
Sure, another book like Silence would be Broken Silence.
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! Did you like Pandemonium because it is speculative fiction?
Pandemonium was released in 1991. Another speculative fiction book in that genre is Zoe's Tale.
It was written by Paul Auster and is in the genre of speculative fiction.
You're welcome. Anything else I can help you with?
Yes, I love her music! Did you know she starred in a lot of movies? She starred in Who's That Girl.
Yes, it is. It's similar to Madonna's relationship.
Yes, he has a relationship with Madonna. I am not sure if he has a relationship with him.
Yeah, she did. She was also in The People I've Slaughterhouse-Five, which is a romantic comedy.
Yeah, you're right. I think I'll watch it now.
Sure! That was written by Joel Coen, who also wrote The Big Lebowski which is a classic@
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome.
It was written by Henning Koch and released in 2012.
It is in English.
Have you read The Maggot People? It is also written by him.
Sure. He wrote Zoo and You've Been Warned as well as zoo and of course many others.
He has written The Manchurian Candidate, The Manchurian Candidate, The Manchurian Candidate, The House of Mirth and many others.
You're welcome. Anything else I can help with?
Tom Hanks wrote Forrest Gump. Would you like to watch that?
Tom Hanks also wrote Larry Crowne which starred Tom Hanks.
It was directed by Richard Montoya and Larry Crowne.
You're welcome!
Sure! He directed a lot of great movies including Requiem for a Dream.
It is a drama released in 2012
Requiem of a Dreams also starring Darren Aronofsky
He directed Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that?
Apocalypse Now stars Vince Vaughn, William Devane, and Jared Leto. Are you aware of any of these actors?
It's a Romance, Fantasy, Thriller, Drama, and Thriller.
Sure, do you like it because it is a romance movie or because it is a romance movie?
It is a thriller, do you like thrillers?
Well, if you like thrillers, you might enjoy Shark Night. It stars Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore.
You're very welcome!
Yes, she wrote The Pillars of the Earth. Do you like her work?
Eddie Redmayne also starred in The Wedding Date. Have you seen that movie?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Baltimore Ravens are a professional American football franchise based in Baltimore, Pennsylvania.
Did you know they play in Baltimore? I'm a patriots fan.
He sure did. He was a great coach.
Robert De Niro is starring in it. Do you like that movie?
Yes, he did and it has a genre of Thriller and is a Historical period drama.
Yes, she is from Orange County, California.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
ok
E. Lockhart wrote the book We Were Liars. Have you read it?
It was released in 1929
Another book by E. Lockhart released in 2014 is The Fairly Truth. Have you read that one?
You're welcome
It's a Pounds. Seven Pounds is starring Will Smith. Will Smith starred in it?
Sure! It's a great book. It was written by Stephen King. Do you like him?
Yes, it does. It's a film, one of my favorite thrillers.
It appears to be a foreign film. Would you like me to add it to your watchlist?
Certainly! Enjoy!
I know he's an athlete, a footballer from Wales that plays for the Wales National football team.
Yes, he's a Midfielder.
Yes, I believe he is from Wales
She is a musician, lyracist, and composer. Would you like to know what she is?
I love her music. Did you know she's also an actress and a musician?
She's a great songwriter. I really like her song What's Your Number.
I have not, but it is written by Veronica Roth. Do you like her work?
I have not, but I have seen The Silence of the Lambs. I think it is a good one. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. Anthony Hopkins starred in The Silence of the Lambs as well as the sequel The Silence of the Lambs. Do you like thrillers?
Emily Griffin is a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
It was released in 2012 and is in the English language.
It's a movie with a lot of actors like Robert De Niro, Kate Winslet, Nick Cassavetes and Jim Broadbent.
You're welcome.
Kazuo Ishiguro wrote "Never Let Me Go".
He also wrote the book When We Were Very Young. Have you read it?
Zoe's Tale is speculative fiction.
Your welcome.
He plays for the Poland national football team.
He plays midfielder
Robert Lewandowski was born in Poland
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren, The Prince, and The Prince. Are you a fan of poetry?
The Selection is a fantasy novel by Kiera Cass' writter of the Queen's author, Kiera Cass. It was released in 2011.
You are welcome! I hope you enjoy them!
You are very welcome!
Did you like the movie because it's a Thriller or because it's a sci-fi movie?
If you like Action, X-Men you might enjoy The Running Man or The Dead Zone.
The second one is X-Men: Apocalypse Now. X-Men: First Class was released 2011.
I didn't know that. Is there anything else I can help with?
Sure, Gone Girl was written by Gillian Flynn, who also wrote What Do You Do
Yes, Gone Girl is a science fiction novel. Is that something you'd like?
You're welcome!
The Incredibles was a great movie. Do you like adventure movies?
It was written by J.J Abrams and stars William Weaver. It's an adventure film.
It is Fiction. Do you like fiction?
Yes, The Tipping Point book is a Speculative Fiction.
You might be interested in How the Grinch Stole Christmas was written by Malcolm Gladwell.
I'm not sure. I do know he was influenced by Malcolm Gladwell
You're welcome.
Sure! Doug Liman directed both Fair Game and Swingers. He also directed Fair Game as well as The Bourne Legacy.
It is a drama. Do you like those types of movies?
The Golden Compass is another great action film
your welcome
He directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, and Amadeus. Would you like to know more?
Yes, he also directed the movie Amadeus Mozart
Sure. Enjoy the movie.
C.S Lewis wrote it and released it in 1953.
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader was released in 1951. It's a fantasy book that is the first of a series. The next in the series is The Titan's Curse.
Sure! The Silver Chair was released in 1953. It is a fantasy novel. Would you like another recommendation?
You're very welcome!
He is a cricket player. He plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
I don't really know much about cricket, but I do know he plays for the Delhi Daredevils. Do you like cricket?
No, I never heard of him. Is he a cricket player?
I love Adam Levine. Maroon 5 is one of my favorite bands.
I am not sure about Adam Levine. I do not know if he acted in any movies
I dont know a couple. I do not know a couple. I know he starred in The Voice. Did you see that?
It was written by James Frey. Do you enjoy speculative fiction?
Sure. He wrote A Million Little Pieces, The Invisible Man, and The Big Year. Have you read any of those?
You're welcome.
ok
Sure, similar authors to Michael Crichton are Michael Crichton and Michael Crichton.
he also wrote the book Tuesdays with Morrie
it is a fiction book
you are welcome
I think he is a talented footballer, do you follow soccer?
I am not a huge football fan but I do know he plays for the Germany national football team.
Then you'll love American football. The coach is John Lennon.
Sure, Ken Kesey wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest and One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest.
Yes he is! He wrote "Go Further" which was released in 1981.
It was released in 1981. It's a book about life of young girl.
Sure! Hope you enjoy it!
Paulo Coelho is a co-author who wrote The Good, The Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that?
He also wrote The Grapes of Wrath. Have you read that?
It's young adult fiction.
You're welcome.
Yes, G.O. Tom Brady is an American professional football player who plays for the New England Patriots
It also starred Jason Statham and Frank langella
Eva Mendes has also starred in Forest Gump, The House of Mirth and Lolita
Sure. It was written by Steven Millhauser and stars Thomas Lennon and Ben Stiller. It is a war film. Do you like war movies?
Bradley Cooper is one of my favorite actors. He was in American Sniper. He was also in American Sniper.
It's a drama. It's definitely a movie if it's a comedy.
You're welcome
Martin Scorsese wrote The Book of Eli which stars Martin Scorsese.
Yes. Gangs of New York is a great movie. It stars Ralph Fiennes.
Step Brothers is a great movie. It is a Sci-Fi movie. Is that your favorite?
Step Brothers is a comedy. I think you'll enjoy it.
Sure. The movie was released in 1998. It's a romantic comedy that also stars Robert De Niro. If you like romance then you'll like This Side of Everything.
It is a historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
Toy Story 2 is starring Tom Hanks. Would you like to know more?
Tom Hanks wrote the movie Larry Crowne. It's a Romance movie.
Tom Hanks produced the movie Larry Crowne, which is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedies?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like those types of movies?
My Big Fat Greek Wedding is a great movie, I think you would like it.
You're very welcome!
Yes I can! I highly recommend Kingdom of Heaven and Star Wars: Episode II - The Phantom Menace.
Yes I can! The Golden Compass is also a fantasy movie starring Neeson.
The Lord of the Rings was produced by J.R.R. Tolkien.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about Cleveland, but I do know that they are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
Wow! I am a Dallas Cowboys fan. They are my team!
I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan. They just lost their head coach for the season.
I think they are a pretty good baseball team. Did you know that Tom Werner is the owner too?
Yes, he is
I'm not a fan of New York, but I do like the New York Giants.
I did not see that, Did you know that he also starred in Toy Story?
He wrote The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, A Princess of Mars and A Princess of Mars.
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson.
You're very welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
Would you like recommendations for movies starring Kate Winslet?
Then you might like The Hunger Games. It was directed by Veronica Roth.
you're welcome
It was written by JK Rowling. Do you like Harry Potter or the Philosopher's Stone?
Goonies stars Tika Sumpter, Robert De Niro, and Robert De Niro.
I think Nicki Minaj is a celebrity friend to Tyga. Did you know Nicki Minaj is friends with Tyga?
Yeah, you're right. I think he's also a musician as well.
I'm not sure, but I know she is a pop artist.
Are you talking about the book The Namesake is written by Jhumpa Lahiri
It's a fiction. Do you like that genre?
I do like thrillers. You should check out Without Remorse if you liked it.
Dr. Seuss wrote The Lorax and The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss. Are you familiar with these?
Theodore is a cartoon book
The Lorax was released in 1946
Would you like a book by the same author?
Certainly.
The Kansas City Chiefs are a AFC West National Footbal league team. Do you follow the AFC West team?
My favorite team is the Washington Redskins. What is yours?
It was written by Kazuo Ishiguro and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
He also wrote the book. It is a science fiction as well.
He sure is! He has made a movie, but the book was adapted into a film and film as well.
Enjoy!
He starred in Gangster Squad which is a horror film. Do you like horror films?
It was released in 2000
It is crime fiction
Your welcome
Luftslottet som sprängdes was written by Stieg Larsson and Reg Keeland.
You might also enjoy The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you read that one?
Yes, he wrote Winnie the Pooh and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you read those?
Sure, he directed Yojimbo and Ran. Have you seen those?
It's a great movie. Akira Kurosawa is one of the main actors.
Zakhm is another great movie you might enjoy.
You're very welcome!
Oldboy is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Confessions starred Rhonda Byrne. what else can i do for you?
You can try Modern Romance . What else can i do for you?
you are welcome
They're ok. Didn't they win Super Bowl XXXVIII?
I like the New England Patriots, but my favorite team is the Redskins.
Me too! Have the Cowboys drafted Rudy Gay?
Yes, I love Michael Jackson. He wrote a book called Sex and the City.
Yes, I did see Men in Black II. He also starred in it.
Yes, he was also in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
Scream has a genre of Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You might enjoy Shark Night starring Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore.
Brad Pitt also starred in Troy, I think you would like that as well.
I do! My favorite team is the Red Sox. Do you like them?
They're ok. I prefer the Baltimore Orioles. My favorite team is the Orioles, though.
I'm not sure. I'm more of a fan of the Baltimore Sox, but I know they have a lot of players in the National Football League as well.
Timur Bekmambetov is best known for his movie Nightwatch. Have you seen it?
Sure. Night Watch is a 1998 American crime drama film directed by Roland Emmerich. It stars Michael Fassbender.
Great. I hope you enjoy it!
Yes! He directed X-Men 2. Have you seen that one yet?
Yes! Hugh Jackman starred in the movie X-Men 2. Have you seen that movie?
That's correct. Stephen Sommers also wrote Van Helsing.
He's a great author! He wrote The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide and The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul.
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy series was released in 1996
Sure, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy series was released this year, and it is a fiction novel.
Glad to be of help
The Godfather is written by Francis Ford Coppola, who also produced The Apocalypse Now
Ok, he wrote The Godfather Part II and Apocalypse Now.
Marlon Brando starred in a romance film called Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that one?
Great! It stars Marlon Brando and is a fantasy movie.
He was also in Apocalypse Now. I haven't seen that one. Can I help you with anything else?
Those are great dramas! Apocalypse Now was directed by Francis Ford Coppola.
The Green Bay Packers are a National Football League coached by Mike McCarthy
That's right. Did you know he founded the New England Patriots?
That's awesome! He's from Pittsburgh too. He's a great place. Did you know he was from there?
I'm not a huge football fan but I haven't been following them much so I do not have a good season. Who is their coach?
Yeah, I'm a Bears fan, I'm actually a Bears fan. Are Dolphins a good team?
I like baseball too. My favorite team is the Dodgers. What about you?
Yes, this movie stars Zooey Deschanel
Yes, Pruitt Vince was also in Beautiful Darkness, which is a film. Do you like her?
Sure, You Again was a Lie and it is a comedy, and was released in 1996. It's a great movie.
The Namesake is a novel by Jhumpa Lahiri
Have you read The Hero of Titans? It was released in 2001.
Xenocide is written by Orson Scott Card and has a genre Science Fiction
Yes, will do.
Thomas F. Wilson starred in Zoom. Have you seen that?
Thomas F. Wilson also starred in The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie. Have you seen it?
Enjoy!
He is a country singer, do you like country?
He has a record of a lot of songs. If you like that one, you should listen to it.
He started in Nashville, however he has a record label with Record producer producer and Record producer.
She wrote Pretty Little Liar the genre is teen drama. Do you like teen drama?
Yes! It was a TV series called Pretty Little Liars, which was released in 1994.
Sure! The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner was released in 2004. It's a great series.
You're welcome!
They are one of the best football teams, did you know they play in the Premier League?
I love football! My favorite team is the Redskins, what is yours?
Do you know if he had a good season this year ?
I don't know much about football, but I do know the Steelers are coached by Mike Shanahan
I think Mike Tomlin is the coach for the Pittsburgh Steelers. He's a midfielder as well.
Oh, I didn't know that! I'm a fan of football, but I do remember when he was a sa quarterback.
Yes, he starred in a lot of movies. Did you know that he is a director?
Sean Penn and Zach Galifianakis were in it. Did you see it?
Certainly! I hope you enjoy.
You're welcome
Laura Esquivel wrote Como agua para chocolate and she is also a teacher.
Me was released in 1989
Yes she is a great writer
You're welcome
The Memory Keeper's daughter is an author, Kim Edwards.
Kim Edwards' writter is the author of the book The Memory Keeper's Daughter.
You're welcome
Yes, he wrote Defending Jacob in 2012.
Defending Jacob is a movie released in 2012
It's more of a thriller, but similar to Defending Jacob are thrillers
Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors and The Naked Sun. Have you read either of those?
It was released in 1867
No problem
Sure, he wrote The Tempest, The Merchant of Venice and The Chronicles of Narnia. Have you read any of these?
What You Will is a fantasy book that was released in 1838.
You're very welcome!
He directed The Imitation Game. Have you seen that?
It stars Rory Kinnear and Benedict Cumberbatch
You're welcome, enjoy!
It was written by Khaled Hosseini. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, he has. He wrote The Kite Runner, The Kite Runner, and The Kite Runner.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
I'm not sure, but he's a former world No. 1 in singles.
Sure, he wrote The Silence of the Lambs, The Left Hand of Darkness, The Order of the Phoenix, The Invisible Man and The Book of Mormon. Have you heard of any of these?
La La La Land has a genre of historical period drama, do you like movies with those genres?
You're welcome
You're welcome.
She starred in The Situation and in The Ice Harvest. Would you like more information about her?
Sure, it was released in 2014 and was also a thriller and was directed by Chris Weitz.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
He wrote Friends with Benefits and starred in Friends with Benefits.
It was written by Zoe Heller
I guess she was on that show as well! I loved her in Friends with Benefits.
Yes, it was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It's speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Do you like Fiction or Speculative fiction?
Then you might enjoy The House of Mirth or The Godfather Part II.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! The Last Lecture was written by Randy Pausch. Would you like to know more about him?
Yes, he did. He starred in Star Trek.
Sure, adding now. Hope you enjoy!
Jonathan Levine directed The Wackness starring Mary Kate Olsen. It's a romantic comedy
The Wackness is a drama. Do you like drama?
The actors of Wackness are Eddie Redmayne, Audrey Wells, Kate Walsh, and Ed Shepard.
You are welcome, enjoy!
Yes, it was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Do you like his work?
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Of course. The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is a book that was released in 1882.
I'll add it to your reading list.
He directed a lot of action movies like The Ghost Writer, The Ghost Writer, and The Ghost Writer. Have you seen any of those ?
He also wrote the Horror film, The Ghost Writer
2008
Writter Suzanne Collins also wrote Gregor the Overlander and Mockinjay
Jack London wrote To Rome with Love. To Rome with Love is a great movie.
Yes, they did, and the movie was adapted into a film. Have you seen The Call of the Wild?
No problem, enjoy.
Yes, I love it. It was written by Richard Kelly and stars Seth Rogen. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Seth Rogan starred in the movie The Gathering Storm and Dear John. Would you like to know more?
Yes, James Franco also starred in Seth Rogen. Would you like to know more about him?
He also starred in Horton Hears a Who! and The Muppets.
I'm not sure what year Shadows and Lies was released, but I know it was written by James Patterson.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley wrote Frankenstein,The Modern Prometheus. Are you interested in any of this?
Frankenstein is in the genre of speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It is, but its similar to The Modern Prometheus.
You're very welcome!
It is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Shailene Woodley, Jeffrey DeMunn and Edward Norton starred in Fight Club.
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote Im Westen nichts Neues.
She wrote Im Westen nichts Neues, and Drei Kameraden. Would you like to know more?
You're welcome. Have a good day.
Edward Zwick directed The Siege.
Yes, Denzel Washington was in The Siege. He was also in The Last Samurai.
Yes, The Siege was also directed by Edward Zwick. The Last Samurai is a crime fiction film.
Yes, he was.
Yes, he was. Volcano High was directed by Chris Rock.
You're welcome!
They are my favorite team. They are owned by Fred Wilpon and owned by Fred Wilpon.
I see. I'm more of a baseball fan. There are a lot of players in that area like the Dodgers.
I like them too. They have been to the World Series a while since they were runner ups.
Sure, he wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
It was released in 1991
It stars Stephen J. Dubner, Stephen J. Dubner, and Stephen J. Dubner
Added to your movie list. Enjoy!
He wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read that?
Yes, he did. Eli Wallach starred in The Bad and the Ugly.
Yes he also wrote Once Upon a Time in the West and The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
Yes, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and A Fistful of Dollars are also in that genre.
Sure, if you like action movies you'd like The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
No problem, enjoy!
He wrote the book Welcome to the Monkey House and Timequake. You may be interested in those.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr also wrote Welcome to the Monkey House, have you read that?
Kurt Vonnegut Jr wrote Welcome to the Monkey House and Were you aware of this?
He has directed a lot of movies. One of them is American Gangster. Have you seen that one?
Million Dollar Baby stars Hilary Swank and Clint Eastwood, do you like them?
Yes, Morgan Freeman also starred in The Civil War. It's a great movie.
He starred in Unlawful Entry and The Vatican Tapes
It was released in 1988. It also stars Carmen Argenziano.
It also stars Carmen Argenziano.
Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier is one of my favorite movies
The film is a comedy about a father dealing with the accusation that is a murderer.
Yes, he has been in a lot of movies including The Rocketeer, The Matrix, and The Rocketeer.
I'm not a big fan of football but I do know they are owned by Jeffrey Lurie.
Philadelphia Eagles owns the Philadelphia Eagles, but I don't know who owns the Philadelphia Eagles.
I love football! My favorite team is the Redskins.
I'm more of a Cowboys fan.
Ara Celi has most notably starred in American Beauty, alongside Peter Gallagher, it's a Drama and is really good!
American Beauty also stars Jodie Foster and Alden Ehrenreich.
Yes, it is. Should I add it to your watch list?
That's a great movie! It stars William Hurt and Ty Burrell. It's a great movie.
You might enjoy Zombieland, Yesterday Was a Lie, or World War Z.
Sure. It was released in 2010. It was directed by Stan Lee.
You're very welcome. I hope you enjoy!
Die Hard has genre Thriller. what else can i do for you?
Then you might like Die Hard 2. It stars Bruce Willis
Did you enjoy World War Z because it starred Brad Pitt or because it was a War movie?
Sure, Brad Pitt also starred in X-Men 2. Have you seen that one?
You're very welcome. Hope you enjoy them.
Yes, Peter Krause starred in The Truman Show. Would you like to know more about this movie?
Yes, she was. She also starred in Fast Times at Ridgemont High which was released in 2011.
Naomi Watts has also starred in Fast Times at Ridgemont High and The Things We Do For Love.
Yes, it stars Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman.
Yes, He has starred in X-Men: First Class, X-Men: Apocalypse Now, X-Men: Apocalypse Now. Have you seen any of those?
It is a romance movie, Ryan Reynolds was in it too. You should check it out. It's very good!
You're welcome, enjoy!
Louis Leterrier directed The Incredible Hulk and Now You See Me.
Transporter stars Jason Statham and Ian McKellen. Would you like to know more about Jason Statham?
He was also in The Incredible Hulk, which is a romantic film.
Good Will Hunting was written by Matt Damon. Do you like dramas?
Vampire Slayer is starring Sean Connery, Goodwill Hunting. Would you like to know more about the actors?
Yes, he did. Ben Affleck also wrote Good Will Hunting.
I am not sure, but I do know that it is a horror movie.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, I do. I know he wrote a book called Sex and the City. Have you read those?
It's a romance that was released in 1856. It's a very good read.
It was released in 1856. Would you like to know more?
It is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novel?
Sure. The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy was also released in 1856.
You're welcome.
Collateral stars Tom Cruise .Do you like movies starring Tom Cruise?
Well, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick and he also directed Stanley Kubrick. Do you like dramas?
Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder, Angels & Demons, Without a Trace, Without a Trace, Without a Paddle are some of his movies.
It was released in 2002. Would you like to know more?
Enjoy!
Bruce Willis also starred in Hudson Hawk. It's a great film.
You have Bruce Willis in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen that?
The Best of Me was also released in 2004. Have you seen it?
Great. Do you need any other information?
I know he was a songwriter. Do you like him?
Yes that is correct he is a composer
I don't know much about her music
Sure! Leonard Nimoy starred in Star Wars: Episode VI - Attack of the Clones. Are you looking for a specific genre?
Yes, he was in Star Trek movies
It was written by Hilda Rosner and Hermann Hesse. It was released in 1922. Would you like to know more?
Sure! You may enjoy The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants or Winter's Tale.
Journey to the East was released in 1936.
Your welcome.
Yes! Reginald VelJohnson starred in You Again, Wolfen, and Turner & Hooch. Have you seen any of these?
Jamie Lee Curtis also starred in You Again, which is a romance film. He also starred in That Thing You Do!
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote Life of Pi. Have you read that one ?
I'm not sure, but I would recommend World Without End, Wolf Brother or Wyrd Sisters.
Yes, she did. In fact, she also wrote Girl with a Pearl Earring.
It was, I'm going to check it out.
That was written by Vladimir Nabokov and Mervyn Peake.
It is written by Robert Louis Stevenson, and the genre is a mystery
You are welcome.
Sure. He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde,
I know he is a basketball player, do you know who he is?
Sure, he played for the Warriors in the NBA. He's a point guard for the Warriors.
Yes, he is a basketball player. Do you like basketball?
Sure, one of my favorites is Teacher Man. Have you read that one?
What of Teacher Man was released in 2001?
you are welcome
I think it is a great book. It is a speculative fiction.
Thomas Harris also wrote The Silence of the Lambs. It is a Psychological thriller. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 1997. It is also a great suspense thriller.
You are very welcome!
They are a soccer team, do you like soccer?
Real Madrid C.F is an athlete. Do you follow soccer?
I believe their coach Jose Mourinho
Jack London wrote To Rome with Love. To Rome with Love is a good book.
The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell is another fiction book by the same author.
Million Dollar Baby stars Hilary Swank and is a boxer. Do you like Hilary Swank?
Yes. I haven't seen it yet. Is it a romance?
Yes, you'll like it. Did you know that she starred in X-Men 2?
Yes. It's a good boxing film. Did you know that Peter Jason also starred in it?
You're very welcome.
Have you seen the comedy-drama starring Will Smith?
It was released in 2009, and is a romance film.
Yes, I like her too. J.K Rowling is the writer of the book The Casual Vacancy.
I know he wrote The Casual Vacancy
You should check out The Great Diary if you like that genre.
There's a great one called The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul, which is also a very popular novel.
Yes, it is a young-adult fiction that was released in 2004.
You're welcome
Andrew Adamson wrote all three Shreks
Shrek 2 is written by Mike Myers.
The New York Mets' stadium is the birth place of the New York Mets.
The only one I know of, but the New York Mets' stadium is the second in the division of the New York Yankees.
Minute Maid is an American professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for the New York Yankees.
Thomas Lennon starred in Zoom, The Pacifier, and The Human Stain. Do any of these sound interesting?
I'm not sure, but it was produced by Simon Beaufoy. It is a television series.
I think he is a good athlete. Are you a football fan?
the best team is the Red Sox. I love football, too. My favorite team is the Redskins.
Agreed!
It was written by Kong and starred Scarlett Johansson, and was released in 2013.
Yes, he wrote and directed the movie King Kong.
I am not sure about the release date
The Denver Broncos are ok. I like their coach John Fox. Do you like them?
Yea, I'm a fan of the Denver Broncos. I remember when they were runner ups.
Yea, he played football as well. I'm not sure if he was a good coach, though.
Yeah he's great. I'm sure you will enjoy that one too.
You're very welcome!
I am not a fan of the Mets. I do like their owner Fred Wilpon. Do you like them?
I do. The New York Mets are runner ups for that game.
I love that movie. Did you know Field of Dreams was produced by Jerry Siegel?
I think he's a good basketball player but has had some unfortunate injuries through his career. Are you a fan?
I do know he's a basketball player
No I haven't but I know he plays for the Houston Rockets
It's a great movie! It was written by John Wolverine, have you seen it?
There's a sci-fi movie, as well as X-Men: First Class.
Yes, it was. There was a sequel, if you like action, you should check it out.
You're welcome.
Do you like the Batman Begins because it's a sci-fi movie?
Yes, the sequel Inception is Batman Begins. The Dark Knight is Batman Returns.
Happy to help
He also wrote The Mad Ship, The Golden Fool, and The Dragon Keeper.
The Mad Ship was released in 2005. The Golden Fool was released in 2005.
Sure, he wrote Timequake and Welcome to the Monkey House. Have you heard of those?
It's a drama
Z for Zachariah is speculative fiction too
If you like Crime Fiction, X-Men, X-Men, X-Men, X-Men 2 and World War Z is a great one.
Robert Pattinson starred in the film. Do you like him?
It's a Crime Fiction film, with a little bit of drama
You're welcome.
E.V. Rieu wrote
E.V. Rieu wrote
He wrote The Flattered Poems and The Other Boleyn Girl
Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
I don't have any information on that author but I do know that it was released in 2013
Your welcome. Hope you enjoy.
If you Give a Mouse a Cookie was written by Felicia Bond and was released in 1985. She also wrote If You Take a Mouse to the Movies.
Yes. If you like children's literature, you should check out If You Take a Mouse to the Movies.
Great, hope he enjoys them!
Sure, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick and he also directed Stanley Kubrick. Do you like Fantasy movies?
The Golden Compass is a good one. Have you seen it?
The movie is directed by Stanley Kubrick.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
Charles Duhigg wrote The Power of Habit. what else can i do for you?
The Power of Habit is a fiction book
Absolutely, hope you enjoy
The Godfather is written by Francis Ford Coppola, who also directed The Apocalypse Now
He's a great player. Did you know that he won the NBA All Rookie Team?
Yes he is. He was the coach for the Chicago Bears.
I think Jerry Reinsdorf has done a great job turning the franchise around.
Chicago Bulls : Team Owned by Jerry Reinsdorf. Do you know anything about basketball?
I do not think so, he's doing a good job. They're coached by Steve Kerr
You're welcome
Dear John is written by Nicholas Sparks and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yeah, it was a good one, it was released in 2011. It has a genre of Thriller. Are you into Thriller?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Crescendo is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Did you like it because it was a romance novel?
Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion is another great read.
Persuasion is a historical period drama.
You're welcome!
Yes I do! They are a couple of my favorite bands. I like their song Waiting for the End. Do you like them?
Oh. I remember that. I am a fan of his music. I like baseball too. I like baseball too. Who is your favorite player?
Andrew Stanton directed Finding Forrester, starring Natasha Richardson.
It was released in 1982. It is an animated children's movie.
Yes! Ellen DeGeneres does star in it as well as Finding Nemo. It is a family/ animation film.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Phil LaMarr has done a lot of movies. He starred in Zambezia and Zambezia. Have you seen either of those?
Jennifer Hale also stars in X-Men: First Class. Are you a fan of that movie?
I'm having trouble coming up with Family movies. Would you like to watch that?
You're welcome.
Yes, he's an author, an actor and an actor. He starred in Slumdog Millionaire.
He is a famous bowler as well as a musician.
Yes, he wrote it along with Steven Spielberg
Yes he is a basketball player and he plays for the Portland Trail Blazers.
Yes he does. Paul Allen is the owner of the Portland Trail Blazers.
Apparently he plays for the Seattle Seahawks. I'm not much of a basketball fan so I do not watch it.
Yes! The King's Speech is written by Iain Canning and stars Thomas Lennon and was released in 2014.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you she was in King's Speech, which is a drama
Yes, would you like me to add it to your watchlist?
I like her song La Tortura. Did you hear this song?
I like Sia. She has a lot of popular songs.
She has a lot of talent aside from being a writer
The Chicago Bears are a pretty good team. Didn't they win Super Bowl XLI?
Oh, I like the Bears, too! They're a lot of rivals. They're part of the NFC East.
Yes, I hope they are doing well. They're a lot of fun!
I think he is a good basketball player. Do you like basketball?
I'm not sure, but I do know that he is a point guard.
Yes, he does. He is a good player.
Hayley Atwell starred in The Sweeney and The Pillars of the Earth. Are you interested in thrillers?
Yes, she starred in The Pillars of the Earth which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure, you might like The Pillars of the Earth and You've Got Mail.
You're welcome. Anything else?
Yes, that is a great movie! Brokeback Mountain stars Jason Statham and Danny DeVito.
She also starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class.
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional American football franchise based in Tampa, Florida.
I believe Lovie Smith is a former coach.
I like football, what about you?
It was written by J.K. Rowling. He also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
I recommend Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. It's also in the fantasy genre.
Agreed! Anything else I can help you with?
Great! Anything else I can help you with?
Sure, he starred in a lot of movies. Have you seen To Rome with Love?
It stars Ralph Fiennes and Liam Neeson. Have you seen it?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Spirited Away was written by Hayao Miyazaki. Hayao Miyazaki also wrote The Shining.
That's a great one! I also recommend the Girl with the Dragon Tattoo if you haven't seen it.
Then you might enjoy Yours, Mine and Ours is another great one with Hayao Miyazaki.
You're welcome!
He wrote The Virgin Suicides and The Picture of Dorian Gray. Have you read either?
It was released in 1993. It's a Fiction Novel.
It was released in 1993. It's a pretty good book too.
Your welcome
Sure, do you like it because it's a comedy or because it's a comedy?
Seth Rogen starred in X-Men 2 and Funny People. Have you seen those?
Yes, Mindy Kaling is a great actress. He also starred in Pineapple Express and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he wrote The Virgin Suicides and The Return of the Native
Yes, Miranda Richardson also starred in Gideon's Daughter.
Yes, Phantom of the Opera is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
Absolutely! Sending it now.
Yes, I do. I love her music. Did you know that she is from Eureka?
Oh yes, I love her song Till the World Ends
It sure is, if you like that one I recommend you listen to it.
Inception was directed by Christopher Nolan. He also directed Inception.
He directed The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
Yes, Christopher Nolan wrote The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
You may like Zombieland, Zoolander, and The Prestige.
Waterworld is a Sci-Fi film
Enjoy.
He plays for the Brazil national football team
Wow, I had no idea. Is he a soccer player?
The Chicago Bears are doing good but they haven't won a Super Bowl. They're a good team.
I don't follow football much, I don't follow football too closely. I do know the team is owned by John Fox.
Oh, I didn't know that! What team do you think?
Well, would you like to know more about the actors, or the genre?
It is influenced by Charles Dickens. He also wrote The Old Curiosity Shop and Ernest Hemingway.
That's a great book. It was written in 1838.
It is written by Charles Dickens. It was released in 1851.
Great Expectations is a book by Charles Dickens.
Happy reading!
Kierra Cass is a great author. She wrote The Siren, The Prince. Have you read that?
Yes, she wrote The Siren. It was released in 2008. She also wrote The Siren.
It's a young-adult fiction. It was released in 2011. It's about the life of a young woman.
You're welcome.
Do you like because Tom Cruise starred in Mission Impossible - Ghost Protocol?
It is, they are both action packed.
Yes, you might enjoy The Last Samurai starring Tom Cruise.
No problem, hope you enjoy it!
Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell. He also wrote Animal Farm.
Animal Farm is a Biographical novel. It was published in 1949. Does that interest you?
You're welcome.
He wrote Relato de un naufrago
He wrote a lot of short stories. Is there a specific genre you're interested in?
It was written by Terry Pratchett, who also wrote the book Into the Wild.
Well, if you're looking for more of a cartoonist or more, you might enjoy the book Into the Wild.
You're welcome.
Adam Brown starred in the Hobbit series. Do you like fantasy genre movies?
It was released in 1998.
You're welcome!
Bradley Cooper starred in The Words, The Time Traveler's Wife, and Limitless. Have you seen any of these movies?
Sure, it was released in 1997 and is a romance film.
It is a romance film and it was directed by Roland Emmerich.
Have you read the Lord of the Rings?
The genre is young adult fiction. what else can i do for you?
yes it was. what else can i do for you?
you are welcome
The Tell Tale Heart, The Black Cat and Hop Frog are some of his work. Are you interested in poems?
Raven was released in 1843.
You're welcome
I know he plays for the Spain national football team.
No, I don't think that's all that I know about.
It's located in the United States of America.
Aladdin is starring Keanu Reeves. Would you like a recommendation?
The Witch of Blackbird Pond is another great one
You should try the movie starring Aladdin
He directed The Good Thief starring Paul Walker. Have you seen that?
It also stars Ralph Fiennes, but I do not know who else starred in it. I do know it was written by Neil Jordan.
Yes, he did. He also directed The End of the Affair.
Glad I could help!
Quentin Tarantino directed the movie Grindhouse and the indie film Death Proof.
Yes, you are right. He is in Grindhouse. Did you know he was also in No Strings Attached is in it?
He also wrote House of Night, which is a good one.
No problem!
Downfalls in the genre of War. Do you like War films?
Matt Damon and Josh Brolin are in it, do you like any of them?
Angelina Jolie is another star in it, have you seen it?
you are welcome
I do! He's a good singer. Do you like him?
I know he's a contemporary songwriter. Do you like his music?
Did you know that he dated Jordin Sparks?
It was written by Cassandra Clare and released 2014. Have you read it?
Yes, she also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Sum of All Fears
Yes, The Mortal Instruments is a series
You're welcome
Sure, Dress Your Family in Corduroy is written by David Sedaris and was released in 1969. Have you read it?
Me Talk Pretty One Day is actually a comedy, written by Sedaris, and by David Sedaris. Would you like to know more about the comedy?
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy it!
Sure. Fred Willard starred in Youth in Revolt and Roxanne. Are you into romantic comedies?
Young in Revolt has the genre War and Thriller
Your welcome. Hope you enjoy.
Great! Have a great day!
Enjoy the movie!
Yes, do you like Blood Diamond because it stars Tom Cruise or because it is a crime fiction?
Jaime Anjelica Humphrey
It was released in 2004
CCH Pounder starred in The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones
He also acted in Unstoppable and The Witch of Blackbird Pond.
Yes, he is Kevin Zegers starring in RoboCop 3.
The Devil Wears Prada stars Anne Hathaway and Meryl Streep. Do you like romance films?
She has starred in so many great films, including The Thin Red Line, The Mists of Avalon, and The Devil's Advocate.
Yes, she was. She's also in The Iron Lady.
I hope you enjoy it!
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was released in 2001.
Boomerang and Witches of East End was also released in 1997.
Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and Wayside School is Falling Down.
Okay, if you like fiction you'll enjoy The Golden Compass and The Looking Glass Wars.
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Dan Gilroy wrote Angels & Demons, starring Tom Hanks.
The Last Colony and The Bourne Legacy are both fantasy movies. Do you like Fantasy movies?
The Bourne Legacy is considered a action movie. Do you like movies starring Tony Gilroy?
Sure, he directed The Silence of the Lambs. Are you a fan of thrillers?
It is a romance film, Hayao Miyazaki was a former world No. 1 in singles
Yes, Hayao Miyazaki also starred in the movie Ponyo, have you seen it?
Yes, yûki Amami is a film starring Tom Cruise, he has also starred in a popular fantasy film, have you seen it?
Paul Thomas Anderson wrote There Will Be Blood starring Paul F. Tompkins.
There's a great movie that stars Robin Williams, Will Be Blood is a historical drama. Do you like history?
You're welcome
Sure! Paula Hawkins wrote Requiem for a Dream which is a fiction book. Have you read it?
The Girl on the Train is a post-apocalyptic fiction book, have you read it?
You're welcome
Sure, have a great day
Sure, I recommend To Kill a Mockingbird, To Kill a Mockingbird and The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate.
You're welcome, enjoy!
I believe it is a mystery
I added to your library because it was a mystery book.
Yes he wrote it too. It was released in 1958.
You're welcome.
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Yes,It is written by Vladimir Naokov
It is speculative fiction
Your welcome
Memoirs of a Geisha was written by Robin Swicord and Robin Swicord.
The author is JK Tolkien
He wrote Memoirs of a Geisha, have you read it?
You are welcome
Not a whole lot but I do know he's married to Hayden Panettiere. Did you know he starred in Ocean Eleven?
Yes, he wrote Scream 4.
They're both good. I know he starred in Ocean's Eleven.
That's great! Sitcom, she was also in Friends with Benefits, which was a comedy.
Green Eggs and Ham was written by Dr. Seuss.
There's a Wocket in the Pocket that was released in 1971. What else can I do for you?
That's correct! Have you heard of Wocket in the Woods?
Funny! Kung Fu Panda is starring Seth Rogen, who also starred in Monster's vs. Aliens.
He also starred in When a Man Loves a Woman with Andy Wachowski.
Yes, she was. Emma Stone was also in Sung Fu Panda 2.
No problem!
Yes, E.B. White wrote The Trumpet of the Swan.
Sure. Safe Haven was written by Nicholas Sparks. He also wrote Three Weeks with my Brother. Do you like romantic comedies?
Charlie Sheen is the star of the movie. Would you like to know more?
It was released in 2003, do you like his movies?
Yes, he does have a trailers. Would you like to know more?
Sure, do you need any other help
It stars Christian Bale as well as Christian Bale. Are you a fan of the cast?
Yes, she was. Would you like to know more about her?
I don't know, but I do know that he starred in The Women of Brewster Place.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
Natascha McElhone is the producer of The Truman Show. Have you seen it?
The Truman Show has a genre of Historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
Sure! It was written by Dan Brown, and it is a thriller. It was released in 2001. Would you like to know more about the genre?
It is speculative fiction
He illustrated the book The Art of Asking. Have you read that?
Little Bear is speculative fiction, do you like that genre?
You should also try Fifty Shades of Grey, have you seen them?
Happy to help!
You're right, you'll enjoy it!
He directed the science fiction film Eraserhead.
Inland Empire is a Sci-Fi movie
Idiocracy is starring Matt Damon and Rosario Dawson. It is a science fiction movie
It was released in 1988. It is a science fiction movie.
Sure. I hope you enjoy it.
ok
Gone with the Wind is written by Margaret Mitchell. Do you like historical period dramas?
Have you seen the Titan's Curse? It's a drama.
I'm not sure about that one, but I know it was written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
Your welcome.
Ellen starred in The Stone Angel and The Spitfire Grill. Have you seen either?
Yes, he's a tennis player who was in the 2008 summer Olympics. Do you like tennis?
Yes, I agree. I like Serena too. She's a great tennis player as well.
Wow. I didn't know he's a celebrity.
Go Set A Watchman is a similar book.
To Kill a Mockingbird is a drama. Would you like to know more about it?
You're welcome
I love her music. My favorite is I'm Not Dead by Pink. What is yours?
She's a very talented singer. I like dancer, too. I like her music. How about you?
Wow, I didn't know that. She's married to a woman named La La La.
Yes, he starred in The Truman Show. Have you seen it?
Yes, do you like Sandra Bullock because it is a romantic comedy?
Yes he also starred in The O.C. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome.
Martin Gardner wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland.
The Portable Atheist is a fantasy and children's literature.
The Portable Atheist has genre Fiction. Do you like fiction?
Your welcome
Yes, he plays for the Colombia national football team.
He played on the Colombia national football team. I don't know much about him.
I'm not sure. What sport do you like?
I only know that she is a pro tennis player. I love her sister Serena too.
I'm not sure. Brett Ratner was in a relationship with Brett Ratner, but he was also in Hair Show.
I'm not sure. I'm more of a fan of thrillers. Would you like to know more about her?
It was written by Jeannette Wells, who also wrote Half Broke Horses: A True Life Novel.
Roald Dahl is the author.
She's a great actress. She's been in a lot of films. She's written The Beautiful Mind, The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus and The Beautiful Mind.
It is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
That's a great example of fiction. The Witch of Blackbird Pond is another example of a fiction novel
Yes. Jack London wrote the book.
You are welcome.
I think she is a good tennis player.
You know, I don't follow tennis much, but I do know that she is married to Shoaib Malik
I am not sure. I do know that he is a tennis player.
Yes. He was. He was a good athlete.
Thor: The Dark World was written by Christopher Nolan. He also wrote Insomnia and Inception.
Then you might like Zombieland starring Chris Hemsworth.
The Golden Compass stars Sam Elliott, Nicole Kidman, and Sam Elliott.
I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
It starred J.K. Simmons and Melissa Benoist. JK won an Oscar for his role.
Yes, do you know if I can help with anything else?
Yes, he did
Breakfast of Champions is written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr.. Do you enjoy that author?
You're welcome. He also wrote Welcome to the Monkey House and Timequake.
I'm not sure if that's the case. Would you like to know more about the book?
He directed Into the Wild and Into the Wild. Have you seen those?
Yes, John Sayles wrote The Spiderwick Chronicles. Did you know he also wrote Zombieland?
It's considered a historical drama.
I think he is a great golfer. Did you know he also starred in Tin Cup?
Phil Mickelson was a former world No. 1 in singles.
It is. I think he's also a musician as well as a musician.
He wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Murder by Death. Would you like more information about him?
Yes! Mickey Rooney starred in Breakfast at Tiffany's. He also starred in Truly Madly Madly Guilty.
A similar movie to this movie is The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
It's a self help book. If you like Entrepreneurs, you should try It's All About Love.
That's correct. Did you know that Spencer Johnson wrote The One Minute Manager?
Sam Taylor-Johnson wrote Nowhere Boy and Fifty Shades of Grey.
Nowhere Boy starred Nowhere Boy and Fifty Shades of Grey, and Fifty Shades of Grey.
Nowhere Boy is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas is a film starring Johnny Depp. Do you like Johnny Depp movies?
Yes, he did. He also wrote the Dark Knight Rises. Do you like action films?
It's a political Thriller, but is also classified as an Action Thriller.
Yes she wrote The Virgin Blue, The Last Runaway, and The Lady and the Unicorn.
It's young adult fiction and was released in 1997. Do you like that genre of books?
I don't know much about Girl With a Pearl Earring, but I do know that it was directed by Tracy Chevalier and was released in 1996. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he is a good actor. He starred in The Mist and The Green Mile. Have you seen either of those?
It is a classic. Do you like Chris Owen? He also wrote Frank Darabont.
Those are great movies. Dorm Daze is a great actor. Have you seen him in The Mist?
Great, do you know if you like Annie Hall?
Yes, he wrote Dan Gilroy. Did you know he wrote The Water is Wide
Matt Damon has the lead role
Genre
X-Men 2 hes great
ok great spooky
your welcome
Where the Sidewalk Ends is considered poetry. Do you like poetry?
Shel Silverstein also wrote Where the Sidewalk Ends and Summer of the Night.
Shel Silverstein also wrote The Giving Tree and The Missing Piece.
You're very welcome!
I know he is a country singer, do you like country?
I don't know any song of her, but I do know she starred in movie Star Wars: Episode VI - Attack.
I do, do you know if he is a songwriter too?
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit one of my favorite movies. It was released in 2013.
Seabiscuit is a story about a race horse. It was released in 2004.
You're very welcome!
Oliver Stone directed The Doors. Did you know that he also wrote The Doors?
The Doors stars Bruce Willis, Willie Garson, and Liam Neeson.
Yes, the Doors is a musical theater. Do you like musicals?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy them!
Patrick Rothfuss is an author who wrote The Wise Man's Fear
William Shakespeare is a great writer. Have you read his work?
You're very welcome.
Divergent is a Young-adult fiction. Are you into Young-adult fiction?
Another book in the same genre is When We Were Very Young. Have you read that one?
Yes! He is a soccer player from England. He plays the forward position.
Yes, Wayne Rooney from England
I know that he is from Brazil
The Minnesota Vikings are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
Not really. I'm more of a fan of the Patriots. How about you?
Yeah, they were. Is he your favorite team?
pitch perfect is a sci-fi movie. Are you into sci-fi movies?
She also starred in White Oleander. Would you like to watch that?
Yes. The Last Five Years is also a film that was released in 2011. It is a drama/mystery.
I'm sure you can enjoy "It" or "Wild Wild West."
I'm sorry. I don't have any information on any of them.
You are welcome.
Yes, he's a good actor. He starred in We Bought a Zoo. Have you seen that movie?
Suresh Rainia is an athlete. He plays cricket for the India national cricket team.
I know a lot about it, but I prefer American football. How about you?
Yes, he is, and he is also a midfielder. You like him?
He wrote Uglies and Touching Darkness.
It's a science fiction novel released in 1987
Yes, another great book released in 2011 is Pretties
You're welcome, enjoy!
I don't know much about him. I know he plays for the Spain national football team.
I think I will have to check that out. Thanks for the info.
Yes, he does. He also played for Manchester United F.C. I think.
Yes, and he also played for Manchester United F.C. I think.
Yes, he wrote The Notebook and The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you read those?
He is an American novelist, essayist, essayist, and essayist. He was influenced by Isaac Asimov and William Weaver.
Sure. Fifty Shades Freed was written by E.L James and it's a Speculative fiction. Do you like this genre?
Yes, E.L. James wrote The Sweet Far Thing and In the Garden of Eden. Do those sound interesting?
Bared to You is written by E.L James
Bared to You was released in 2012
You are very welcome, please enjoy
Yes, he is the author of The Castle and Amerika. Are you a fan of fiction novels like those?
It's a fiction novel. Do you like those types of books?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
It was written by Laura Hillenbrand, would you like me to tell you more about this book?
Laura Hillenbrand also wrote Seabiscuit: A World War II Story of Survival, Adventure, and Adventure.
You're welcome, enjoy!
He is a great basketball player. He plays for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like basketball?
Yes. Patrick McGoohan is the author of Braveheart. Do you like his work?
No. He did. He also directed Braveheart
I know he wrote the book Braveheart :)
Its a great movie. Enjoy!
He wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer
It was released in 1974. Do you like non-fiction?
It's a fiction book. Do you like fiction? If so you'd like to know more about it.
No problem. Anything else?
Washington Redskins sucks. did you know Dwight Schar owned it?
That's right! He also coached the Oakland Raiders.
Yes, he is. He used to play for the Oakland Raiders, but now he is the owner of the Redskins.
Sure, Girl with a Pearl Earring is Speculative fiction and fantasy. Do you like this genre?
Yes, it is. It's a great example of sci-fi novel. Is that something you'd like?
I'm sorry. I don't have any information on that author.
Tropic Thunder was produced by Ben Stiller who also directed Tropic Thunder. Ben Stiller starred in that movie.
Ben Stiller also wrote Tropic Thunder. Ben Stiller also wrote Tropic Thunder.
Sure! He also starred in Funny People, which is a comedy-dramas.
Yes! Diana Gabaldon wrote Never Let Me Go starring Natasha Richardson.
I'm not sure about that, but I found it interesting that Diana Gabaldon was influenced by Freddie Mercury.
It's considered a Speculative fiction.
Anytime!
He directed Cutthroat Island and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Rufus Sewell, Renny Harlin starred in Cutthroat Island
It was released in 1995, and starred Denzel Washington.
Your Welcome
Probably so, I'm not a Bears fan. I'm not a Bears fan. I'm a Bears fan.
I think they did as well as the Dallas Cowboys
I'm not much of a fan of football, but I do know the team is owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
Sure! Doug Liam directed Fair Game and Swingers. He also produced Fair Game as well as The Bourne Legacy.
Yes, it was. It was released in 1999. Would you like to know more about the actors?
Vivica A. Fox, David Carradine and Ben Stiller did the music for Fair Game.
Alicia Vikander starred in Fair Game. She also starred in Minority Report and Dwayne Johnson.
Yes, he does. He also starred in Wreck-It Ralph.
Yes, he is an American professional basketball player for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association.
She is married to Gabrielle Union. She wrote The Memoirs of Being a Wallflower. Have you read that?
Yes, he did. It's a romantic comedy. Did you know that Gloria Foster also starred in it?
Yes, I love it! It stars Chris Hemsworth, do you like this because it is a Sci-Fi movie?
It's a sci-fi, like X-Men 2 and X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
If you like sci-fi, you might also enjoy X-Men 2 or World War Z.
You're welcome. Enjoy.
He directed 300: Rise of an Empire. Have you seen it?
300: Rise on an Empire is starring Sullivan Stapleton, Peter Mensah and Sullivan Stapleton.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
I don't know any Fantasy, but if you like Fantasy you might like The Looking Glass Wars.
I'm not sure about Eva Green the author, but I can tell you she starred in Battleship!
Eva Green was born in Mumbai,India. She also starred in the film I am Not sure.
You're welcome!
I'm not much of a fan of the Dodgers, but I know they are owned by Magic Johnson. Are you a Dodger fan?
It is. It was released in 1981. I'm not sure if Magic Johnson was a player.
I'm glad I was able to help, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Vladimir Nabokov and Mervyn Peake. Jeremy Renner starred in this movie.
Yes, the original was in 2008 and the movie was written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
I'm not sure. I do not have any other movies that was made into a movie yet.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, would you like to hear about other books by Zora Neale Hurston?
The Sword of Shannara is a novel written by J.R.R Tolkien.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on anything else she wrote, but if you'd like another book by him, she wrote Zodiac
Paul Pogba-do is a soccer player from Brazil. Do you like soccer?
Yes, he's from England and plays for Everton FC. He's a forward.
Yes, I like Alabama. How about you?
Wow, I didn't know that. I do know he is a football player.
Patrick Suskind is an American novelist, essayist, essayist, and screenwriter. He was born in J.K. Simmons.
The Grapes of Wrath is a novel written by John Steinbeck. Do you like this author?
Tropic of Cancer has a genre of Historical novel do you like those types of books?
You should check out The Pillars of the Earth if you like fiction novels.
I do not know. But you might like The Witch of Blackbird Pond and The Invisible Man. They are good.
I believe it was Anne Tyler. She also wrote The Champion of the World.
You are welcome. Happy reading!
Did you like the Bruges because it was written by Martin McDonagh, or because it was starring Tom Cruise?
Yes, it does. Tom Waits also starred in Seven Psychopaths.
She also starred in Minority Report which is a Crime Fiction film.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Do you like O Brother, Where Art Thou because it starred Tom Cruise?
She also starred in the movie Thirteen.
She also starred in the movie The Brother, Where Art Thou.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Skloot and released in 2010.
Stephen C. O'Brien wrote The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
It is a fiction film
He also wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
It is a great book written by Fredrik Backman. Are you into children's literature?
2012 was the year Wild Seed was released. Have you heard of it?
Sure! Did you enjoy the movie because it stars Tom Hardy?
Then you might enjoy Wild Bill or Welcome to the Punch, Action/Adventure Film.
Yes. The Golden Compass was written by Philip Pullman and is a fantasy movie. Do you like that genre?
Interstellar stars Stephen Fry and Rip Torn. It was released in 2013.
Welcome
It's a young adult fiction book. It was written by Suzanne Collins. Have you read it?
He directed American Pie. Have you seen that?
It also starred Chris Weitz and Zach Galifianakis.
She also starred in What's Eating Gilbert Grape and The Golden Compass
You're welcome
I think he is a very good tennis player but he lost to Rafael Nadal. Do you like tennis?
I had never watched a match. I was not a fan. I have never been to a match.
It's really fun to play. I'm not too sure if you play it, but it does.
Sure! Melink Karakosta wrote Le Petit Le Prince.
Melink Karakosta also wrote Le Petit Prince.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry is a children's literature. Do you like childrens literature?
Did you like the movie because it's a Thriller or because its a superhero movie?
The Last Stand has a genre of Thriller, do you like Thrillers?
Logan is a sci-fi film starring Ryan Reynolds and Chris Hemsworth and was released in 2011.
Certainly, enjoy!
Yes, he is a great actor. Have you seen his movies?
He directed the movie Superman Returns. Have you heard of it?
I like dramas, too! Have you seen To Rome with Love? It is a good one.
Your welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
Sure, Peter Bart wrote The Godfather. The Godfather has genre Drama. Do you like drama?
The Godfather is also written by Marlon Brando
The Godfather was released in 1998
Green Mile is written by Stephen King. He also wrote The Shawshank Redemption. Have you read that one?
Stephen King also wrote The Shawshank Redemption, have you read that?
Yes The Dead Zone is adapted from The Dead Zone. The Dead Zone has genre Horror.
You're welcome
You're welcome
She wrote one book called The Orphan Train which was released in 2013. Are you familiar with that book?
She also wrote A Piece of the World.
Yes. The Way Life Should Be is a romantic comedy. Do you like Fiction?
Will Smith starred in I Am Legend.
I am not sure, but Will Smith starred in The Pursuit of Happyness which is a thriller.
He was also in I, Robot, which is a Sci-Fi movie. Have you seen this movie yet?
Hot Fuzz is a black comedy. Are you a fan of that genre?
If you like adventure films you'd like X-Men 2 or World War Z.
Yes it is a adventure movie. You should check it out.
Yes, he is a lyricist
I like him, he's also a lyricist
I do, he is a great artist.
It was written in 1960. Would you like to know more about the book?
Yes it was, The Incredible Journey was also released in 1960
Sure, it was written by Claude-Marc Vallee and stars Steve Buscemi and Anne Hathaway.
You might enjoy The River Why, it's a musical theater movie.
I'm sorry, I don't have any other recommendations for those movies.
Yes, it was written by Quentin Tarantino and stars Tom Hanks and Patrick Muldoon.
The Deer Hunter is directed by Christopher Nolan
Yes, Meryl Streep also wrote Silence
Rosanna Arquette and Dana Delany both star in this movie
The Denver Broncos are ok. I prefer the New England Patriots. Did you know that they were runner ups in Super Bowl XXXVIII?
They are both released in 2017 and they have a lot of good players on the team, including King's Cage and Murder on the Orient Express. I'm also a fan of the Redskins.
Cold Mountain starring Chris Hemsworth. Do you like his movies?
I did watch this movie. I think Renee Zellweger starred in Shark Tale and Monsters vs. Aliens.
Do you like this movie because it is a thriller?
J.K Simmons is an American professional basketball player who plays as a point guard for the Mumbai Indians.
He has done a lot of thrillers. He was in a movie called Shark Night, starring Kyla Pratt.
J.K. Simmons starred in it. He also starred in Girl with a Pearl Earring
Ronan Bennett starred in Public Enemies.
The Rum Diary is another movie he was in. Have you seen it?
He also starred in the comedy The Rum Diary.
Okay, can I help you with anything else?
The Fugitive stars Bruce Willis and Sela Ward. It's a Thriller
It was released in 1987.
Ah, yes. It was a good movie.
He also starred in Star Wars: Episode II - Attack of the Clones
Yes, he was in that movie as well.
You're very welcome!
Yes. J.M. Barrie wrote The Little Prince.
Sure, do you like Peter Pan because it is a romance novel?
It's children's literature. Do you like those types of books?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
The same Karim Benzema of France national football team
Karim Benzema plays for the France national football team.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Gary Scott Thompson and stars Paul Walker. It is a Thriller, do you like Thrillers?
VIn Diesel is a sci-fi movie. He was also in Fast Five. Do you like sci-fi?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, he wrote The Jungle Book. Have you read that book?
Yes it did star Jonathan Silverman and Faizon Love
That's right. Weekend at Bernies II is a Reality TV starring Tom Cruise. Do you like him?
Yes, and Kevin Nealon also starred in That Thing You Do
Yes that's correct. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I'm not sure if it was a good one but it was a really good Drama Film
Sure, Seth MacFarlane wrote and directed This Is the End, a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Sure. Family Guy is a comedy and was released in 1996. It's a comedy about a father dealing with the accusation that his father is a murderer.
Yes, Seth MacFarlane wrote and directed and starred in the movie This Is the End
Skyfall is a sci-fi thriller. Would you like to know more about the actors?
He has also starred in The Shawshank Redemption and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
It was produced by J.K. Simmons. He also produced The Youngest Dream and The Long Walk.
It is a thriller as well as romance.
I think it is a fantasy movie. I'm not sure about Adventure.
Thank you.
It is written by Charlaine Harris and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Oh yes! She is a great actress. She also has a film called Dead to the World. I like her as well.
I'm afraid I don't know any other books by him but I do know he has a series of books about adulthood.
No problem, enjoy!
He's a great director. Did you know he directed The Rocky Horror Picture Show?
It is considered a fantasy and adventure film. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes it is. You should check it out.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Sure, it was written by John Green and is a young adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
I think he has produced a film called The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen that one?
That was released in 2007 and is a young adult fiction.
Max Brooks is an author of the Winnie-the-Pooh series. Have you read this book?
2004. Would you like to know more about the book?
Sure thing! I hope you enjoy it!
No problem.
He starred in X-Men Origins:Wolverine, Woman in Gold and Waiting. Have you seen any of those?
You should watch it. It's a thriller too. Ryan Reynolds starred in it as well as X-Men.
I hope you like them.
Sure, I love Rufus Beck. He wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
The Hobbit is the first one, do you like adventure movies?
Have you seen The Good Doctor or The Dark Knight?
Yes, he did. He also wrote the Harry Potter series.
Did you enjoy Mission Impossible because it was a Action/Adventure movie?
Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder with Jerry Maguire. Have you seen that one?
Your welcome.
My pleasure.
I hope you like it!
Yes, he's married to Cameron Diaz. Do you like him?
Yes I have and he also wrote Justin Timberlake
I do like dramas and crime fiction, do you like that genre?
It was written by Ian Fleming and Ian Fleming. It was a spy film.
If you like True Lies, you might also enjoy X-Men: First Class.
Yes, it is. It's also a film, as well as a comedy.
He plays for the Mexico national football team.
Yes, the team is coached by Jose Mourinho. Are you a soccer fan?
You're welcome.
O Alquimista was written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988. He also wrote The Dark Knight.
Paulo Coelho wrote The Alchemist. Have you read that?
Yes. Onze minutos was released in 1844. It's a popular book.
He starred in movies like Turbulence, The Shawshank Redemption, The Mist and The Green Mile. Have you heard of these movies?
Yes, she did! She also starred in The Mists of Avalon, The Green Mile and The Lawnmower Man.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he plays for the Germany national football team.
The Kansas City Chiefs are a AFC West National Footbal league team. Are you a fan?
I like to watch football. My favorite team is the Redskins, what about you?
Yes, the Redskins is a great team. I love football! My favorite team is the Redskins, so I am a Redskins fan!
Yes, The invention of wings is a book and it was released in 1946.
Sure, Tom Cruise starred in The Last Samurai and it was written by Marshall Herskovitz.
I don't think so, but he starred in The Pink Panther 2 which is a historical period drama.
He also starred in No Strings Attached, The Shining, The Other Boleyn Girl, The Running Man, and The Running Man.
Another movie with the same genre is No Country for Old Men.
You're welcome!
They are ok. Didn't they win Super Bowl XXXVIII?
I have not, but I've been meaning to see that one for years. That's a good one!
Yes! I have seen Jerry Maguire, is he a celebrity friend to Ty Burrell?
I'm not really sure. But, I'm more of a Cowboys fan.
He directed the War Film, Battleship. Have you seen it?
It is a fantasy adventure film. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome.
It was written by R.J Palacio. Are you familiar with this author?
R.J Palacio also wrote The Julian chapter.
Yes, he wrote that
I am not sure. What else can i do for you?
your welcome
Bill Murray starred in Zombieland and The Goodbye Girl. Are you into comedy movies?
Yes, Bill Murray starred in Wild Things. He also starred in Zombieland
She wrote the Scarlet Letter. Have you read it?
She wrote The Scarlet Letter, which was released in 1850, and is a Historical novel.
It is a historical novel.
It was written in 1850.
I would recommend The Giver, The Handmaid's Tale, and When You Reach Me. Have you read any of those?
Persuasion is written by Jane Austen and was released in 1817.
Persuasion is a romance novel. Do you like Jane Austen? She also wrote Mansfield Park.
Persuasion is in the genre of Sense and Sensibility, you might enjoy Persuasion.
You're welcome.
Sure, do you like speculative fiction movies like this one?
It's a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Tower Heist is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
You should check out Taxi Driver if you like crime movies.
She wrote оскресение and нна аренина.
Yes, if you're interested in Russian, you could try The Handmaid's Tale.
Glad to be of service
Yes, it's a great movie. It stars Orlando Bloom and Billy Boyd. Do you like Fantasy movies?
Oh yeah! He starred in Troy, which is a fantasy movie.
The Memory Keeper's daughter original language is English
The Memory Keeper's Daughter is another good one. It was released in 1991. Have you read it?
Me, too. Do you like Fiction? You should read Lake of Dreams.
Snow Crash is a speculative fiction book written by Neal Stephenson. Do you like his work?
Sure! Chris Evans has starred in What's Your Number?, The Perfect Score, and The Nanny Diaries.
Yes, Natalie Portman and Natasha Richardson also starred in this movie.
I don't have that information, but I know Tika Sumpter starred in The Nanny Diaries.
I hope you enjoy
The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Would you like to know more about the book?
Yes, Ernest Hemingway also wrote The Great Gatsby.
You're welcome
You're welcome
Sure! He is a tennis player. He played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
I know of Stan Wawrinka is from Switzerland but he plays tennis as well as the London 2012 Summer Olympics
Yes, he has played in the Olympics
Running with Scissors has a genre of Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
A Wolf at the Table is a memoir about a father dealing with his personal life. It was released in 1982.
It is a sequel to A Wolf at the Table. I am not sure about A Wolf at the Table.
Enjoy!
Are you interested in the author Jared Diamond?
It's a Psychological Thriller. It's similar to To Kill a Mockingbird.
It was written by Jerry Bruckheimer, and it is a fiction novel.
He wrote My Soul to Take which starred Jessica Hecht. Have you seen it?
He also directed My Soul to Take, which is a horror film.
Yes he does, he also starred in The Shaggy Dog and The Bone Collector.
Glad to help!
Of course. Anne Rice wrote Vittorio the Vampire and Violin.
Yes, she did write Frankenstein the book was released in 1818.
Yes, she did. She also wrote The Titan's Curse and The King's Speech
Sure, have you read The Absolute Sandman, Volume One?
The Graveyard Book is also in the Fantasy genre as well as children's literature. Do you enjoy those?
Happy to help!
Lois Lowry wrote the book When You Reach Me. It is a romance novel. Are you into romance?
It's a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 1995.
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio and is a drama. Do you like movies with Leonardo DiCaprio?
Sure, he directed the movie, Moon, Warcraft. Have you seen it?
It starred Mike Colter, Laurence Fishburne, and Rip Torrens.
It's considered a Warcraft drama.
The Minnesota Vikings are coached by Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
I think the Seattle Seahawks have a chance, How do you think?
i wish the Cowboys are doing better. who is your fav player?
I watched a live game live in person.
It was written by George Lucas. Are you interested in more movies starring George Lucas?
George R. R. Martin
I am not sure, but I know he directed Star Wars: Episode VI - Attack of the Clones
The Bourne Legacy is a thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like thrillers?
He is. He also starred in The Mist and the Lawnmower Man. Have you seen those?
I haven't seen it but I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the info.
Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien? He also wrote Unfinished Tales of Nmenor and Middle-Earth
Yes, J.R.R. Tolkien also wrote Unfinished Tales of Nmenor and Middle-Earth
Have you ever seen Snow White and the Huntsman?
Matt Damon starred in Snow White and the Huntsman. Do you like dramas?
He was also in Green Zone which is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome.
The Lightning Thief is a young-adult fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Yes! The Son of Sobek was released in 1922, which is the same year The Red Pony was released.
It's Speculative fiction, do you like that genre?
I hope you enjoy it!
Sara Dessen starred in a lot of movies. She's also a voice actor. She starred in Tangled. Would you like to know more about her?
Sure, she wrote "I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With", which also stars Sara Dessen. Are you a fan of hers?
That movie is starring Joely Richardson, Jamie Foxx, and Liam Neeson.
The Prestige was produced by Christopher Nolan who also directed Inception.
Yes, have you read The Prestige?
Sure! For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway.
He wrote To Have and Have Not, The Sun Also Rises, The Sun Also Rises, The Sun Also Rises and many others.
Absolutely, enjoy and have a great evening!
Stefan Kapicic starred in Deadpool and Deadpool. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Deadpool also stars Stefan Kapicic, Stefan Kapicic, and Stefan Kapicic
Deadpool has genre Fantasy
He is a Writer
Yes, he is. I'm a big fan of speculative fiction.
Yeah, he was a musician as well as a musician.
The Fault in our Stars is written by John Green. Other books in the genre young-adult fiction are; Elixir. Divergent, and Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
The Fault in Our Stars is a young adult fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Have you read the book?
It was written by Margaret Mitchell, who also wrote Paper Towns and Looking for Alaska
Happy reading!
Sure! He starred in Palo Alto and in Whatever Works. Have you seen either of those?
The movie is based on a romantic comedy and was produced by Jodi Picoult, it stars Johnny Depp and was released in 2010.
It was released in 2010.
Hope you enjoy it!
Yes, she was born in London. She wrote The Bone Collector. Have you read that book?
Yes, it's a fiction novel, do you like fiction?
Yes, that's correct. Would you like more information about Wuthering Heights?
Yes, he's one of my favorite actors. Have you seen him in The Apostle?
It starred Miranda Richardson and Farrah Fawcett. Have you seen it?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You're welcome.
Yes, Mark Waters directed The Incredibles.
Tod Fennell, Chester Bennington, and Gene Tierney all starred in the film.
It's a Historical period drama.
Glad to be of service
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion.
She wrote White Oleander as well as Paint it Black. Have you read those?
Paint It Black was released in 2004 and is a dystopian novel.
You're welcome.
He directed the Japanese film Yojimbo. Do you like Yojimbo?
He starred in Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales. Have you seen that?
It was written by Kojimbo and starred Kojimbo as well.
I'll send it right now.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was directed by Steve Kloves
he wrote Les Miserables didn't he?
Yes,and 1862 was a great play written!
That's right! It was released in 1862.
Did you know that Will Ferrell is the writer of that film?
Well it was written by Sergio Leone who also wrote The Good the Bad and the Ugly. You might like that.
Sure, Shane is a comedy crime fiction staring Jack Palance
You are welcome, enjoy
Sure, he wrote Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts. Have you read those books?
Sure, you might like The Looking Glass Wars. It's a fantasy novel.
You're welcome.
Yes, I like Charles Dickens. He wrote The Posthumous Paper of the Pickwick Club, Oliver Twist and Oliver Twist.
Charles Dickens also wrote A Christmas Carol, Oliver Twist, The Old Curiosity Shop and Oliver Twist.
Yes, he did! It was released in 1843. Have you read A Tale of Two Cities?
That's correct! Is there anything else I can help you with?
Enjoy!
He is a basketball player who plays point guard for the Seattle Supersonics.
Yes, I do. I like to watch basketball
I like to watch football
I haven't. I'm not sure. I'm more of a fan of Notre Dame.
Yes, it is a great movie. Do you like it because it is a drama or because it is a comedy?
Sure, he also directed The Scorch Trials. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Hellboy's Labyrinth is considered a historical period drama. Does that interest you?
Atlas Shrugged is a science fiction book written by Ayn Rand. Are you interested in science fiction?
Yes, he did and Ayn Rand also wrote the book Ayn Rand.
It was released in 1957, would you like to know more about Ayn Rand?
If I Stay was written by Gayle Forman, who also wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight.
You can try When You Reach Me or Wicked Lovely.
You're Welcome.
You're welcome.
Mark Osborne starred in the action film Kung Fu Panda 2. Have you seen that?
Yes, Seth Rogan starred in The Things We Do for Love and The People Speak. Did you know that Seth Rogan also starred in This Is the End?
He's been in a lot of films. He's also been in a tv film called Monsters, Inc. Have you seen any of those?
Great! I hope you enjoy them!
It was written by james Patterson and released in 2001. Would you like more books by him?
Sure, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and Jacob Have I Loved. She wrote others as well.
Yes, It is! It was released in 1961 and is considered a fiction book. You should give it a try.
You are very welcome. Enjoy!
They are a pretty good basketball team, I think Steve Kerr is the coach. Are you a fan?
I'm not sure. I'm more of a basketball fan. Are you a basketball fan?
I do. I'm not a huge fan of basketball but I have heard a lot about it. I like the San Francisco 49ers.
I like football too. My favorite team is the Redskins
Yes, he is an Indian international cricketer. Do you like cricket?
Yes. He plays for the New England Patriots.
That's right. He's married to Giselle. Did you know she starred in the comedy Hair Show?
Sure, John Boyne wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read that?
The Boy in the Striped Pajamas is a tragicomedy
It was released in 1973. It's a tragicomedy.
Glad I could help. Enjoy!
It was directed by Ridley Scott. Do you like Thrillers?
Tobey Maguire starred in Blood In, Blood Out.
It was released in 1999.
No problem!
Divergent is from the Utopian and Dystopia genre. Do you like Dystopia movies?
Then you might like Young Adult films like The Hunger Games: Catching Fire.
Sure! Elles'appelait Sarah is written by Tatiana de Rosnay. It was released in 2007.
Yes, she did. Boomerang was released in 2014.
She also wrote Tatiana de Rosnay.
You're welcome.
She wrote the Childrens novel Black Beauty
Anna Sewell was from the United States of America. She was born in London.
You're welcome.
I haven't heard any of them, but if you like them, you should listen to some. They're very good!
If I'm not sure he does, he also play the guitar.
I'm not sure if it is, but it has a lot of popular shows like The Voice. Would you like me to listen to these types of music?
Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline and was released in 2013.
Orphan Train is considered historical fiction. Do you like those genres?
Orphan Train was released in 2013. She also wrote the book A Piece of the World.
Glad to be of help
Do you mean the movie starring L.A. Confidential?
Street Kings was starring Kevin Spacey. Did you know he also starred in Beyond the Sea?
I'm not sure but there's no information about that.
You're welcome.
Yes I do. J.J Cohen starred in Back to the Future, which also stars Thomas F. Wilson.
If you like Adventure and Sci-Fi movies you'll like Welcome to the Monkey House and Space Jam.
Yes, CCH Pounder is an author. He wrote The Jungle. It is a great book.
Yes, he did, and he also starred in it.
Yes, he was a great actor. Would you like to know more about his movies?
Yes, Zodiac was, and it's a crime fiction film.
Certainly, added them to playlist.
I like Russel Wilson, he is a great golfer. Do you like football?
Yes, he does
Not much of a football fan. But, I'm a Dallas Cowboys fan.
Sure, he directed The Silence of the Lambs. Are you a fan of comedy films?
Ponyo stars in a lot of films. It was released in 2010. It's also a Fantasy/Comedy.
It's a Princess Mononoke and was released in 2005. It's a historical period drama that also stars Martijn Lakemeier
You're welcome.
The Bourne Identity : Film Executive Produced: Robert Ludlum. Robert Ludlum wrote The People Speak
I'm sorry, I don't have that information right now.
LOL! It's a great adventure movie.
It's a psychological thriller, with a lot of action. Do you like those types of movies?
Of course! Enjoy!
Yes, I do. He's a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints.
He sure did. He also played for the Seattle Seahawks.
Haha, I hope they do.
Do you like comedies? Have you seen him in Hudson Hawk?
Then you might enjoy Hudson Hawk. Have you seen it?
Aside from him, he also starred in A Good Day to Die Hard. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure about that, but I do know it was released in 2004.
Sure! I hope you enjoy!
I hope you enjoy!
Gran Torino is starring Clint Eastwood. Do you like Clint Eastwood films?
Warm Bodies has Cory Hardrict starring Cory Hardrict and Clint Eastwood. It's a romantic comedy do you like this genre?
Nicole Kidman starred in this movie as well. Do you like her?
You're welcome
Brandon Sanderson wrote Radiance and Warbreaker, have you read either of those?
It's a historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 2004.
You're welcome.
Do you like animated Disney movies?
Certainly! One of my favorites is The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen that one?
Yes, she is. She was also in The Sneetches and The Nightmare.
The next in the series is Speaker for the Dead. Do you like science fiction?
Yes, he wrote Xenocide which is also Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Have you read The Witch of Blackbird Pond? It is a good one.
Great, enjoy!
Sure, he directed the classics called Things Fall Apart. Do you enjoy comedies?
Yes, he did. He was also in Three Kings.
You're welcome
Anthony Daniels is an actor who starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back. Have you seen it?
He has been in a lot of films. He was in the 1980s called the Beatles. Are you a fan of Anthony Daniels?
You're welcome, enjoy!
You're welcome!
Did you like Forrest Gump because it stars Tom Hanks?
Tom Hanks starred in Cast Away
your welcome
That's a great book! It was written by Charles Dickens. Have you read any of his books?
He also starred in Transformers. Have you seen that?
Yes, The Black Cat is a great movie. Would you like to know more about the story?
Yes. I do not know.
You are very welcome.
They are ok. Didn't they win Super Bowl XLVIII?
Yes they weredrafted to the National Football League. Are you a soccer fan?
John Madden was the draft of the New England Patriots.
no I did not know that. I will have to look it up.
I do. The author of Watership Down is Richard Adams. Have you read it?
Yes, it is. The Lord of the Rings is considered speculative fiction.
Yes, The Two Towers is considered Children's literature and Speculative fiction.
I know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt and owned by Bud Adams. Do you watch football?
They played again in Manchester United F.C.
Maybe because I had a chance to go to Tennessee. They were runner ups for Super Bowl XXXII, though.
Brad Pitt is known for writing the action film Troy. It is in the genre comedy. Do you like comedies?
Troy is considered a historical film. If you are into historical films, you might like The Incredibles or The Avengers.
It is starring Dennis Quaid and Laurence Fishburne, who is a great actor.
Sure. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, I do! It is a great Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
If you like sci-fi, you might like Zombieland, X-Men 2 or World War Z.
Aeon Flux stars Charlize Theron, Jennifer Love Hewitt and Jason Leigh. It's a great animated movie!
You're very welcome! I hope you like it!
Yes, it's a great movie. It's a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Yes, he was in that thriller movie as well. It is a biographical film.
I'm sorry, I don't have anymore information about that show.
Are you looking for more books by Nicholas Sparks or more books written by Nicholas Sparks?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes, it is. It's a young adult fiction book. Do you like those types of books?
Hes great and has a wonderful wife in Gisele
ok. I like Wildcats too. Rudy was my favorite.
Couples Retreat was written by Vince Vaughn. Would you like to know more about the movie?
Sure. Are you in to sci-fi movies? Aliens is a sci-fi movie.
Volcano was also released in 1984 and the same year as the Titanic. Have you seen that one?
It is a sci-fi movie, as well as X-Men 2. Have you seen those?
Yes, you're right. He was in Dante's Peak too.
Enjoy!
I do. The Butterfly Effect is a psychological thriller and horror movie. Do you like those types of movies?
He has starred in Foul Play, Murder on the Orient Express & O Lucky Man.
I would recommend The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and Gone, Baby, Gone.
Sure! Leonard Nimoy starred in Star Wars: Episode VI - Attack of the Clones
Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home is a Sci-Fi movie. Would you like to know more about that?
The Voyage Home starred Walter Koett and Brendan Fraser. It is a Science fiction movie.
You're welcome.
ok
The Hugo Cabret is a thriller. Have you seen that movie?
Then you might enjoy Wrath of the Titans if you like thrillers.
You're welcome.
Cesc Fabregas plays for the Spain national football team.
Oh, that's very interesting. It's a soccer team like Washington Redskins, Washington Redskins, and Washington Redskins.
He was born in Spain and plays for the Williams National Football team.
I don't really know much about them, I'm more of a fan of their coach, Jason Kidd.
Yes, he was a point guard for the Brooklyn Nets.
Yes, and the team is owned by Jerry Reinsdorf
Yes it is starring Thomas Lennon and Jora Fox and its a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
William Morgan Sheppard and Christopher Nolan also starred in The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
Yes, I have seen Wild at Heart and Transcendence. Do you like thrillers?
Yes he is a singer-songwriter. Do you like him?
Rita Ora is a dance pop artist. Do you like dance music?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
Adam Brown starred in the Hobbit series of movies. Are you interested in fantasy genre films?
Adam Brown also starred in the Lord of the Rings. Have you seen that one?
Great. Is there anything I can help you with?
Added to the movies. Enjoy
OK.
He is a shooting guard for the Denver Nuggets. Have you seen him play?
Yes, he's pretty good. I'm not sure if he is a good player but I do know he's won the NBA All Rookie of the Year award
Yes, and he also play for the Lakers.
Steven Spielberg starred in Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull.
Sure. He starred in the popular Transformers series, The Big Lebowski
X-Men 2 and World War Z are similar
your welcome
Crescendo is written by John Grisham and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
She also wrote Silence and Hush & Hush and Crescendo.
She has written a number of books like, Silence and Hush is a movie. Have you read either of those?
Sure, do you like The Maze Runner because it is a thriller?
The Scorch Trails is starring Rosa Salazar, Lili Taylor, and Ki Hong. Do you like Young Adult Fiction movies?
You're welcome.
Have you seen The Good Dinosaur? It is a Romantic Comedy
Perhaps you would like What My Mother Doesn't Know, which also stars him as well, is a romance film.
Yes, would you like to know about any of his movies?
Yes, he directed friends with Benefits. Justin Timberlake starred in it.
Annie stars Tracie Thoms , Joaquin Phoenix ,Julia Roberts
He also starred in Shaun of the Dead, a crime fiction film
The Notebook was written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like Sparks?
Yes, he was. He was influenced by Nicholas Sparks. Have you read Message in a Bottle?
The author is Nicholas Sparks, but he was born in Anchorage, in India.
Rick Riordan wrote the Message in the bottle.
He also wrote A Walk in the Woods, which was released in 1962.
You're very welcome!
Yes, Twilight: The Complete Illustrated Movie Companion is written by Rick Yancey
It's a novel. Would you like to read it?
You're welcome!
Are you looking for more books by the same author, James Dashner?
He wrote The Crucible. Have you read that?
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Crucible. Have you read it?
He also wrote The Crucible, The Invisible Man, The Book of Mormon and The House of Mirth.
You're very welcome!
The Denver Broncos are ok. I like their coach John Fox. Do you like them?
They're actually a football team but not so much of a fan of their coach, Jim Caldwell. Are you a football fan?
They seem to have averaging 3.8 shots per game. They're averaging 3.8 shots per game.
Lolita wrote The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner. Have you read that one?
It was released in 2012 and written in English
great. I hope you enjoy it.
you are welcome. enjoy
Yes, I have heard of him. Did you know he also starred in Friends with Benefits?
Yes, he spouse, Jessica Biel also.
No, I haven't seen it. I know it was written by Ben Stiller. Do you like Ben Stiller?
Both were written by J.K. Rowling. They were released in 2016. She also wrote a book called The Silkworm.
You might enjoy The Casual Vacancy or The Silkworm.
It was released in 2014 and is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
Of course, do you like Autobiography or something that is similar?
Of course, it was released in 1961 and is a book that was released in 1961. Would you like to read it?
Both were written by J.K. Rowling. They were released in 2016.
Another book by J.K. Rowling is The Casual Vacancy.
I'm not sure, but there's some other books released in 2014, like The Silkworm.
I'm not sure if it is in English.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome.
Total Recall is a sci-fi starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Karim Benzema plays for the France national football team.
I like Basketball too. Who is your favorite player?
I never heard of Beckham! Is it a comedy?
I'll have to watch that one. I'm not sure about the name of the show.
Yes. Gordon Ramsey was a great actor. I'm not sure about any of his other shows but I do know he was a teacher.
Inception starred Tom Berenger, Michael Gaston, and Christopher Nolan
Yup, she was also in it. Anne-Marie Duff also starred in The Son of Neptune.
It was released in 2012 and is a drama/fantasy film. It was directed by Roland Emmerich
Added to your watch list.
Rob Reiner is an actor starring in This is Spinal Tap.
He also directed the movie This is Spinal Tap.
Harry Met Sally produced When Harry Met Sally, which was produced by Rob Reiner.
Your welcome.
Jamie Ford has written Songs of Willow Frost and Songs of Willow Frost.
They are fiction. Is that something you'd like?
Your welcome. I hope you enjoy them!
I like the movie Spring Breakers. Did you know she starred in this movie?
I'm sorry, I don't know who starred in that movie.
It's a really good one. You should give it a try. It's a nice movie.
Do you like Michael Parks because it stars a lot of actors?
Yes, they did. The team was runner ups for Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Yes, I am a baseball fan. My favorite team is the Dodgers. How about you?
It's a great team. Our team is the Red Sox, Red Sox, and broncos. Do you have a favorite team?
I think he is a great golfer, do you follow golf?
No, he hasn't won the 2012 PGA Championship, 2006, and 2000,
That's interesting. Phil Mickelson has a lot of celebrity players. Do you like him?
Sure, do you like action movies?
Yes he did, he also starred in Thor as well.
Sure. The Heart Is Deceitful Above All Things is starring Evangeline Lilly and is a thriller.
Of course, added to your watch list.
I know that the Arizona Cardinals are part of the NFC West.
they moved to Arizona from Arizona
I do. I like college football. what about you?
I don't know a lot about him. Is he a soccer player?
I didn't know that, but I do know they are coached by Jose Mourinho.
I like football, but I'm not a big fan of the sport
Unfortunately i do not have that information, but Gabriel Garcia Marquez wrote El amor en los tiempos del cólera
Have you heard of the book   by Deborah Smith?
Yes, it is written in English.
Sure. Do you like books by James Patterson or the genre?
Yes, along Came a Spider is also a thriller.
It was written by James Dashner and the genre is speculative fiction.
Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, I do. It was written by Ian McEwan and stars Thomas Lennon and Christopher Waltz.
Definitely a Romance Film, if you'd like to check it out. Beautiful Creatures is another Romance Film in the War genre.
The Time Traveler's Wife is more of a Tragical movie. I would suggest The Desolation of Smog, which is another tragedy.
Sure! Bob Peck is an author. He wrote Jurassic Park.
Ok, if you like horror, you might enjoy Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee, and Joshua Leonard.
Sure, Brad Pitt, Angelina Jolie, and Natasha Richardson all starred in the film.
Enjoy, and enjoy!
Snow Flower and the Secret Fan is a novel written by Lisa See and it was released in 2005. Have you read it?
The Lady in the Lake is a historical fiction novel. Do you like those types of books?
It sure is! Have you heard of Snow Flower and the Secret Fan, or if you haven't read those?
Yes, Saina Nehwal is a famous badminton player. He plays badminton but he's from Mumbai Indians.
Yes, she was. She also participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Yes it is. The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet is also the same book.
My favorite is The Tragicall Historie of Romeo and Juliet. Is that a movie you like?
She is a play. I am not sure if she is a well known play.
Sense and Sensibility was written by Tony Tanner. He also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Persuasion.
I think he's a great artist. Did you know he dated Anna Kournikova?
Did you know that Anna Kournikova is also a musician?
Did you know that he was influenced by Roderick Thorp?
The Aviator stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Frances Conroy. Are you a fan?
It also stars Leonardo DiCaprio and was directed by Martin Scorsese.
He was also in Angels & Demons, which is a thriller. What else can I do for you?
Ok. I will do that!
He directed the drama called Oldboy. Have you seen it?
Yes, she is in that movie, she was also in the movie Caddyshack.
You're welcome.
She wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read either of these?
It's in the genre of Speculative Fiction and Children's literature
The Swan Thieves is a Drama and Thriller
Yes, sending it now
He is a golfer from England. Do you like golf?
no i dont. what sports do you like?
that's sure she is. who is your fav tennis player?
i really like football. what about you?
i hope they are good. who is your fav player
i love football. what is your fav football team ?
I think they are a pretty good team. Do you like them?
Georgia Dome is a midfielder and a midfielder.
Who owns the Atlanta Falcons?
She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign with Elie Wiesel. That might be a good read.
It is a non-fiction novel released in 1958. It is written by Marion Wiesel as well.
Great! That was the year The Man in Havana was released too. Have you read it?
Ethan Suplee wrote Vulgar
I'm not sure, but Ethan Suplee also starred in X-Men 2. Have you seen that?
Yes. He was the screenwriter for the film. He also directed the movie The Butterfly Effect.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure! Band Coldplay is a rock band. Some of the actors include Chris Martin and Nicole Kidman.
I believe so. Gwyneth Paltrow is their current daughter.
Yes, Coldplay is actually a film.
You're welcome.
They are ok. I like their coach Tom Brady but don't know much about them.
Yes, along with a lot of other players.
Oh, I guess they're playing the Red Skins today.
Oh wow, thanks for all the information!
Terry George has directed Hotel Rwanda, starring Sophie Okonedo and Robert Duvall.
He also directed Hotel Rwanda.
Hotel Rwanda is a historical drama.
Your welcome.
Certainly! Beatrix Potter wrote The Tale of Peter Rabbit.
It was released in 2011. It has a genre of Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It actually has a profession. It's considered speculative fiction, fantasy, and children's literature.
You're welcome.
X-Men Origins was written by John Turturro and Michel Gondry.
He has also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
The Proposal has genre Thriller and Drama. Are you into Thriller movies?
It's a romantic comedy. I hope you like it!
It is a romantic comedy. You're right!
Alice in Wonderland was written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Are you familiar with his work?
The Witch of Blackbird Pond. What else can i do for you?
Hope you enjoy! Anything else I can do for you?
You are welcome.
The Incredibles is written by Brad Bird. Brad Bird starred in Ratatouille. what else can i do for you?
Then you might like The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer or The Tree of Life.
Ratatouille also starred Jessica Hecht. It was produced by John Ratzenberger.
Yes, he is an American professional basketball player for the Denver Nuggets of the National Basketball Association.
I don't know much about it, I'm not much of a fan, what sports do you like?
I do, NFL is my favorite team!
I like basketball and football as well.
I think the New York Jets are the most popular team in the world.
Fight Club is a Thriller starring Jim Carrey. Do you like thrillers?
I think he is a really good singer. Do you like him?
Did you know she is married to Kelly Clarkson?
I'm not a fan of the music genre, but I know she is from the United States of America.
I like heavy metal and metal. I prefer some rock.
Hot Fuzz is a black comedy starring Jim Carrey
A movie similar to Shooter is Nothing to Lose.
Sure, perhaps you'd like Catch-22, starring Joseph Gordon- Levitt, or written by him.
Sure, Denzel Washington starred in the Rum Diary
You're welcome
He's a pretty good golfer from Dallas. Do you play golf?
Did you know he's from Dallas, Texas and is a golfer?
I haven't played any golf that year, but I haven't watched many games. I do enjoy golf.
Serenity is starring Jodie Foster and Natalie Portman.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
You're welcome.
It is actually both a Sci-Fi and Action Film. It's also a Thriller, which is also a Mystery.
You're welcome
Sure, he starred in Unbound Captives and The Sorcerer's Apprentice.
Be Kind Remind starred Roger Allam and was released in 1996.
Maroon 5 is a group of singers. PJ Morton, Mickey Madden, and Matt Flynn are some members.
I like their song Almost the World is one
Okay, I'll have to check them out, thanks for the recommendation.
I'm not a fan of his. But I do know he has a talented voice. Did you know he was in The Wiz?
I didn't know that, but I do know he was a teacher.
I'll have to watch it again.
He plays for the Argentina national football team
How do you know if he plays for the Argentina national football team?
I do not follow soccer, but I know he was born in Argentina.
Shrek stars Mike Myers and Rupert Graves. Do you like animated movies?
28 days later is a thriller staring Noah Huntley. Do you like thriller movies?
28 Days After Tomorrow is starring Brendan Fraser, Josh Hutcherson, and Dax Flame.
You're welcome.
Sure, he starred in The Wild Life. Have you seen that one?
It's a great movie. The main character is Lea Thompson. Would you like to know more about her?
Randy Quaid was in Wild Life. He was also in National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation. Have you seen that movie?
Becca Fitzpatrick wrote Hush Hush and Silence. Do those sound interesting?
Some other books she wrote include Silence and Hush hush
These books fall under the genre of Thriller
You're welcome
I'm not sure who directed it, but the movie was directed by Steve Hill.
He also wrote, directed, and starred in many movies.
Zoe Kravitz starred in that movie.
You are very welcome!
Gore Verbinski wrote/directed the Family film Rango starring Johnny Depp.
It is a crime fiction film, released in 2002. It is rated R.
Yes, Rango is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You're welcome!
21 Jump Street is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like this genre?
Ride along is a Thriller.
You're welcome.
I'm not sure about any new blockbuster comedy movies, but I can recommend Ride Along2.
I do! She wrote A Little Princess, which is a fantasy novel. Have you read it?
The Tale of the Body Thief is a young adult fiction novel. You should read it!
I'm going to suggest reading The Vampire Chronicles! It's a great book!
The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins, who also wrote Gregor the Overlander and Mockinjay.
It was released in 2009.
You're very welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
She wrote Mansfield Park. Have you heard of it?
Mansfield Park is a historical period drama. Do you like those genres?
Mansfield Park is considered a romance. Do you like romance books?
I love murder mystery! I highly recommend it.
Definitely! Did you know that he was in a relationship with Kevin Spacey?
He wrote Les Miserables. Are you into Romance films?
This book is in the genre of speculative fiction and science fiction.
You're very welcome. Enjoy!
Les visiteurs and Amelie are good ones. Have you seen these?
Sure. It was released in French and is a romance film. Would you like to know more?
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?
I do! I love his song Someone Else Calling You Baby. Are you a fan of him?
Yes, he is from Leesburg. Do you like his work?
I'm not sure but he has had a long career.
Great choice, Marlon Brando has been in a number of films. including The Young Lions and The Wild One. Have you seen those?
He's a great actor! Viva Zapata has been in so many great films. Viva Zapata has done a lot of movies. A recent one is The Young Lions. He was also in Viva Zapata. Have you seen her in?
Viva Zapata is a drama. Do you like dramas?
I do! He's a great player. He plays basketball right?
Yes I am a basketball fan
Yes, he did win the NBA All-Rookie Team
Yes, he won the NBA All-Rookie Team
Mervryn Peake is a screenwriter and author.
Yes, The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was the original tale.
He was also a writer for the TV show Murder on the Orient Express.
Sure, he has starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that movie?
Armin Mueller-Stahl starred in Machine Gun McCain with Luigi Pistilli.
Yes she was
Enjoy!
Yes, there is a movie called Friends with Benefits, it was released in 2011.
I don't know much about that, but I do know it was written by Tim Blake Nelson.
He also starred in the movie The Boy in the Striped Pajamas.
Ok great. Sending it to you.
I do not know. Gabourey Sidibe starred in X-Men 2. Is there anything else I can help with?
Do you like The Dark Knight because it's a crime fiction?
Then you might like Catch-22. It's a fantasy. It's a crime movie.
The Sword in the Stone and The Looking Glass Wars are both adventure movies.
i dont know if it is a movie or i'm sure you will like it.
i hope you like it.
L.M Montgomery wrote The Blue Castle, Rilla of Ingleside, and The Blue Castle. Have you read any of these?
It was released in 1876.
The Blue Castle was also released in 1926, have you seen it?
Sure, he starred in We Bought a Zoo and The Thin Red Line.
You might enjoy The Wackness starring Christopher Meloni. Have you seen it?
It's also a good movie, have you seen it? It's also a comedy.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Shawshank Redemption is written by Stephen King. It was released in 1994.
Yes, he did. He also directed The Mist.
How about The Mist? It was also written by Peter Jackson.
You're very welcome!
He is a musician who composed the songs Night of Your Life and Love is Gone. Have you heard those?
I do like his music. Did you know he is from France?
I like Young Jeezy Yolanda Williams is one of my favorites. What about you?
Yes, he is a great singer. I like his music too.
The Interview stared James Franco and it is a psychological thriller. Do you like these genres?
yes it is a psychological thriller do you like those?
you are very welcome have a good day
you're very welcome
It's a great comedy! Do you like comedies?
Funny people was released in 2004.
yes, that is correct. Ray Romano has a lot of responsibilities and was influenced by Steven Spielberg.
You're welcome.
Paul Pogba is playing for the Brazil national football team.
Yes that's correct. Is he a good player?
I do like American football. What is your favorite team?
I don't know a lot about Ryan Griggs, but I do know he is a writer.
Yes, he's a good athlete. He plays for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like him?
It's a romance film
Yes, Spike Lee directed the film
Sue Monk Kidd is an author. Do you like her work?
Carl Jung was influenced by George Reeves, have you heard of him?
Yes, he is from the United States.
Barbara Kingsolver starred in The Poisonwood Bible and The Lacuna.
It is a Historical fiction but also a great Speculative fiction.
Zoe's Tale is a Sci-Fi novel written by John Scalzi and released in 2008.
You're welcome.
I think she is a very talented singer. I like her music but she's also a little too dramatic for me.
Yes, he did. Did you know that Tom Hanks starred in Larry Crowne?
Tommy Chong is a great actor. I haven't seen any of those shows but I've heard they're very popular.
It was written by Charlaine Harris and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Then I recommend Dead to the World. Definitely Speculative fiction.
Sure! It was written by Mike Mills and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre too?
You're very welcome!
Sure! Quantum of Solace is a romance film. Is that what interests you?
Skyfall is a historical drama
It stars Xander Berkeley, Michael Fassbender, and Marcia DeBonis
Its a great movie. Please enjoy
I don't follow football much but I do know they were the runner ups to many Super Bowls.
Wow, I didn't know that. Is he a good coach?
They were the runners up in Super Bowl XXXII, though.
The Usual Suspects is an Adapted form of Hoodwinked.
I do like thrillers. Shark Night is also a thriller.
Yes I have seen that movie. It is directed by Terry Gilliam.
I do like hip hop. Did you know that Tom Wong is in it?
I like rock as well. I like some rock. How about you?
I am not sure about Zipper, but I have heard of that movie.
Yes, it was written by John Green and is a young adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
It is, similar to Wildwood Dancing and Wicked Lovely.
You are welcome.
Well, I know that he is a scientist and a chemist. Are you a fan of that genre?
Olivia Wilde also starred in Year One
Working Girl is a romance film starring Robin Williams
You're welcome
Sure! He directed Teacher Man. Have you seen it?
It's a sports drama. Do you like those types of movies?
I didn't know that. I think he's a great artist.
No problem!
21 Jump Street stars Channing Tatum. Do you like him?
Channing Tatum also starred in Magic Mike.
It was released in 2013
Your welcome.
Are you referring to The Wonderful Wizard of Oz because it was written by Baum?
She has a great voice. Did you know she was born in Rio de Janeiro?
Yes, she was a great actress. She also starred in Catwoman, have you seen that one?
She also appeared in a movie called Appleseed
Yes, she passed. She was a very recent singer
Great. Hope you enjoy.
The Hobbit was released in 2003.
The next book in the series is Lord of the Rings.
The Rock is a Adventure movie. If you like that genre, you might enjoy Shark Night.
Shark Night is starring Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore. Do you like Kyla Pratt movies?
Yes, that's right. Would you like me to add it to your watchlist?
Yes, he plays for the Colombia national football team. He is a midfielder and forward.
Yes, I am a fan. My favorite team is the Redskins.
He plays midfielder
The Matrix is written by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
The Golden Compass is a fantasy movie. It is also a sci-fi movie.
You are welcome.
Harold Ramis wrote Groundhog Day which stars Bill Murray.
It stars Nathaniel Haas and Michael Shannon. Are you a fan of any of them?
It's a romantic comedy, just like Groundhog Day. Harold Ramis wrote and directed it, along with Bill Murray.
I sure can, she starred in quite a few films including Kill Bill Vol 2. Have you seen that?
The Sky Crawlers was released in 1991. Do you like horror films?
I'm not showing any information on that, but I can tell you The Sky Crawlers.
I'm not showing any other actors in the movie, but I can tell you The Great Yokai War.
Sure, playing it now.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the series The Oz Books. Would you be interested in the next in the series?
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a fantasy. The Golden Compass is also in that genre.
No problem. I hope you enjoy it!
I love her song called Tik Tok. Are you a fan?
I haven't heard much of her music, but I do enjoy electronic dance music. She's a great artist though.
She's from Nashville, isn't she a slapstick dance music artist?
He also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Truman Capote's In Cold Blood.
Breakfast at Tiffany's stars Johnny Depp, Jack Nicholson, and Dwayne Johnson, also starred in it.
Breakfast at Tiffany's has a big cast, including David Schwimmer, Danny DeVito and Jack Black
Steve Jobs is an author and he wrote the book The Social Network. Have you heard of it?
Yes, I can. SteveJobs is a writer, director, and producer. He wrote, directed, and starred in the movie, A Bug's Life. Have you seen that one?
It is a drama. Do you like drama?
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
He also starred in the movie A Bug's Life. Have you seen this movie?
I'm sorry, I do not have that information right now.
He wrote The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary and The Ugly Truth.
The Ugly Truth is also a book written by Jeff Kinney
1926
your welcome
I think he's a good player but if I'm not mistaken he's a basketball player and he's from Chicago too.
I don't know, but I heard he plays for the Golden State Warriors. I don't follow basketball too closely.
I'm glad I was able to find that. I'm more of a basketball fan.
I am not a fan of the Mets. I do like their owner Fred Wilpon. Do you like them?
Do you know if that is their home venue for the Mets?
I like the Red Sox. What is your favorite team?
He is a soccer player for the Mexico national football team. Do you like soccer?
Yes, he's also a forward for the Mexico national football team.
Oh, I'm not a big fan of him, but I do know he's from Miami.
Stephen Sommers wrote Van Helsing a thriller. Would you like to know more about the movie?
It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Mummy, you might also like The Scorpion King. It's also a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
It's considered a fantasy, but if you like that genre, you might also like Zombieland.
Glad to be of help!
Trainspotting is a English language book. Are you a fan?
Have you tried, Through the Looking Glass, or We Bought a Zoo?
It's a great one! Enjoy!
I do! It is a great movie. It was released in 2006. Would you like to know more about the movie?
You might enjoy White House Down if you like that.
Pound of Flesh is a great movie. It was released in 2012. It's a very good movie.
You're welcome.
Sure, he wrote Untamed: A House of Night Novel and Redeemed.
I'm not sure, but if you like young adult fiction, you might enjoy Tempted.
I'm not sure, but it is a part of a series. The first part is Wicked Lovely.
Sure! You may enjoy Tempted, Revealed, and Wicked Lovely. I think you'll enjoy those too.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure! For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway. Would you like more books he wrote?
It's a drama. Do you like drama?
To Kill a Mockingbird is a romance book that was released in 1962. Another book in this year is To Have and Have Not.
I hope you enjoy them!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Tom Brady and coached by Tom Brady.
They're currently playing for the Seattle Seahawks. They're a good team. They're a good team. They're currently playing for the Seattle Seahawks.
He's married to Gisele Bundchen. She was married to a New England Patriots fan.
The Town was written by Ben Affleck. Ben Affleck also wrote Gone Baby Gone which is a great movie.
It was a great movie. Did you know that Peter Craig also wrote Fifty Shades of Grey?
It was directed by Peter Craig
Sounds good. Have a good night
Sure, WALL-E is a great movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
i also like Transformers and Traffic. have you seen these?
it stars Ralph Fiennes and Jack Nicholson.
he also directed the movie A.I Artificial Intelligence.
I think Katy Perry is a great artist. Did you know he starred in The Muppets a crime fiction film?
Oh, I didn't know that! That was a great movie! Did you know that Sandra Bullock starred in it?
Yes, I do like him. I'm not sure if he was in it, but I'm confident that he's a good actor. I'm not sure if he is in it.
Starring Thomas Lennon and Molly C. Quinn, what about you?
Thomas Lennon also starred in Tuck Everlasting, which is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
I agree! Did you know that Magic Mike starred Mike Scully?
Oh yes! It's a great movie. It stars Meryl Streep, Emily Blunt and Meryl Streep. Do you like dramas?
Sure, do you like romantic comedies or drama movies?
I do. It was really good. It's a Romance film starring Anne Hathaway, is that something you're looking for?
You're welcome, enjoy!
peter starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
It's a sci-fi, comedy, and action film.
You might enjoy The Looking Glass Wars, or The Golden Compass.
The main lead in The Wolverine is Nicole Kidman and Jennifer Lawrence.
You're welcome.
Thomas E Connolly wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer, The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer, and The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
Thomas E. Connolly wrote The Scarlet Letter, it is a historical novel.
You're welcome.
The movie Into the Wild is written by Sean Penn.
Yes, he is. He's also an author and an Actor. He's also a film producer.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, it is a great movie. It stars Johnny Depp and David Kelly. Do you like family movies?
Yes, if you like children's literature, you might enjoy The Rum Diary or Oldboy.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy!
Yes, Robin Hobb wrote The Mad Ship, The Golden Fool, and The Dragon Keeper. Have you read any of these?
You might enjoy The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars.
Sure! Ship of Magic is a Fiction and Fantasy novel, have you read it?
You are welcome.
Yes, he wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Importance of Being Earnest.
Yes, you are correct. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 1988.
Great, enjoy
Throne of Glass is written by Sarah J Maas. She also wrote The Assassin's Blade.
Yes, Throne of Glass was released in 2014.
The Assassin's Blade was also released that year.
You're welcome!
Sure, Jennifer Ehle starred X-Men: First Class and X-Men: Apocalypse. Have you seen those?
Yes, Mark Boal also wrote The Hurt Locker.
I agree, she is a good actress!
I think he is one of the best football players of all time. He plays for the Colombia national football team.
I don't know much about him except that he plays for the Colombia national football team.
Oh, I'm not much into football, but I know she is from Columbia. Is she any good?
Certainly, do you like the starring Roald Dahl?
He also wrote Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, which is fantasy.
You're welcome!
My favorite team is the Redskins. Do you have a favorite team?
I'm a huge football fan. My favorite team is the Redskins.
They are a football team in the NFC south.
I'm not a fan of soccer, but I do enjoy watching Paul Pogba play. He plays for the France national football team.
I like football and football, but I'm more into football. What about you?
Yes, he was, and he was a great coach.
Stephen R. Covey wrote The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People and it is a self help book. Do you like self-help books?
He also wrote SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling
The Magic of Thinking Big was also released in 1989
ok great i hope you enjoy
Sure! It's a good adventure film starring Jim Carrey. Are you a fan of Sci-Fi fan?
You are welcome, The Chooskiller is a good family movie
Yes, he is a great actor. Have you seen the other Pirates of the Caribbean movies?
He also starred in the movie The Rum Diary have you seen it?
Yes, it was written by Lawrence Hauben starring Scatman Crothers. Would you like to know more about this film?
That was a great movie! Milo Forman was also a great movie. Have you seen Under the Never Sky or Return to the Moon?
Great, I would suggest watching Prefontainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetainetaine
Well, if you liked that one, you might enjoy The Yearling also starring Tom Cruise.
You're very welcome!
Yes, he wrote The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus and Inheritance.
It's a young adult fiction. It's considered a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
No problem. Enjoy!
Paul McCartney and John Lennon wrote Yellow Submarine.
That's what I heard about. Did you know the Tambourine was an actor?
Yes, he is. He is also a musician.
He plays for the Boston Celtics.
He also won the NBA All-Rookie of the Year award.
No, but he was from New York City.
The Island was directed by Christopher Nolan. He also directed Pulp Fiction. Have you seen that one?
Sure, if you like sci-fi you might like Zombieland, X-Men 2 or World War Z.
It stars Jason Bateman, Jason Bateman, and Gwyneth Paltrow. Would you like more information about this movie?
Glad to be of service
Christian Bale is a great actor. He starred in Harsh Times. What is your favorite movie of his?
Thriller and Horror
The prestige was also released in 2006
Your welcome.
Yes, it was written by Rick Riordan and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure, The Throne of Fire and The Serpent's Shadow are both fantasy novels
you are welcome
He is a football player and plays for the Argentina national football team.
I know he is from Argentina and plays for the Argentina national football team.
I like the Dallas Cowboys, do you know who is your favorite team?
Yes, Sean Barrett wrote You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger and has a genre of Speculative fiction.
Yes, it is in English.
Waiting for the Barbarians is a great book too.
thank you
I think they are a good team, did you know Leslie Alexander is the owner of it?
I like basketball and football. What about your favorite team?
I do not follow them that much but i know they are coached by Steve Kerr
I see he wrote Candide.
It is in the genre of musical theater and was released in 2004.
I highly recommend The Book of Eli which is a satire.
You're welcome!
How about The Tao of Pooh? It's one of my favorites.
He also wrote the book The Tao of Pooh. Have you read that one?
You're very welcome!
I do like him. He's a great footballer. Did you know he's from Liverpool?
Yes, Colleen Rooney is from Liverpool.
Yes thats where the stadium is.
They have a coach named Jose Mourinho.
Real Madrid C.F. is a soccer team. Do you like soccer?
I like football. Especially football movies like Remember the Titans.
Do you like the book because it's young adult fiction?
You might enjoy The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Pulp Fiction is a Thriller. Would you like a recommendation based on genre?
Yes, you can try Freddy vs. Jason or Reese Witherspoon
Okay, bringing it up now. Enjoy!
Yes, he is a soccer player from Argentina. Do you like soccer?
It is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
Not that I can. But, he wrote The Sirens of Titan.
I'm not sure.
Ok, I'm not sure.
No problem
Yes, I am a baseball fan. My favorite team is the Red Sox. How about you?
They did! They are a good team. They have a good season. They're one of the best teams in the American League.
Yes, they both play in the National League as well as coached by Ken Whisenhunt.
I think the Tennessee Titans is a pretty good team. Do you like football?
He played for the Seattle Seahawks, but he's a shooting guard. Do you like basketball?
My favorite player is Venus Williams. Do you have a favorite team?
Sure. It was written by Saulius Dagys.
Yes, I do! She wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer.
Trace was released in 1886 and she's also a film producer.
Oh that's a great movie. It was released in 2010 and stars Tom Cruise.
Yes he is, he is a writer and a film producer.
Sure. Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented is written by Tim Dolin. He also wrote Thomas Hardy
Thomas Hardy also wrote the Picture of Dorian Gray, in 1891.
The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-Believer was released in 1891.
It was released in 1891 and is a Fiction. Do you like fiction?
He starred in Animal Kingdom: Let's go Ape.
Hugh Jackman and Jennifer Esposito starred in it.
You are welcome, goodbye.
Les visiteurs and Amelie are good ones. Have you seen these?
Frances Conroy starred in Les Visiteurs. She is also in the film. Have you seen it?
Yes, it is. You're right.
Yes, I hope you enjoy it!
I know he's a golfer from Northern Ireland. He's married to Caroline Wozniacki.
Not as much of a golf fan. I only know that he was from Ireland.
Yep, he's a beautiful country. I'm not sure if they are all from Northern Ireland. I like their music.
Yes, Tom Cruise starred in Tron: Legacy. It's a great adventure film.
It is, similar to Zombieland.
Sure, along with Tom Cruise. It is a sci-fi adventure movie.
Okay, glad to be of help!
District 9 is a Sci-Fi movie written and directed by Neill Blomkamp. He also directed Elysium.
Have you seen X-Men 2 or World War Z? They are both thrillers.
The Neon Demon stars Keanu Reeves and Johnny Depp. Does that sound like something that you would be interested in?
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it!
I do, she starred in a few movies. She starred in a lot of movies. Have you seen any of them?
Wow! I did not know that! Do you know he's from Nashville?
I like a lot of different people. My favorite is X-Men.
I'm not sure if they are.
Sure. That was written by Diana Gabaldon. It is a romance novel. Are you a fan of that genre?
Sure, you'll like Zoe's Tale, Xenocide, and Wyrd Sisters
Sure! He also wrote a series of books called Known World. It's also speculative fiction. Is that something you'd like?
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy!
Todd Phillips wrote The Hangover Part II and Old School, have you read those?
Part II is a comedy. Todd Philipps wrote Old School
Old School has genre Drama. what else can i do for you?
I'm not sure. I know he plays for the Miami Heat. Are you a basketball fan?
Yes it is a great book written by Luc Besson.
It's a romance novel that was also made into a movie. Have you seen it?
Yes, she did. I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Benjamin Martinez wrote Il Principe.
He has written a lot of books in English
Would you like to know more about his books?
There are so many. Is there anything else I can help with?
Sure, Up was written by Pete Docter and it's a great family movie.
He wrote the book Up and the movie The Spirit. Are you interested in more of her movies?
It is a crime drama. Do you like those?
The Witch of Blackbird Pond is a Family Movie.
You're welcome.
The Houston Rockets is owned by Leslie Alexander and coached by Leslie Alexander.
the NBA Finals
He was a shooting guard for the Houston Rockets as well
I like Renaldo Balkman and he also play for the Mumbai Indians
The Gunslinger is written by Stephen King. Do you like Stephen King's work?
It was released in 2008. Would you like to know more about Stephen King?
Your welcome.
Do you like Fight Club because it is a Thriller or because it is a Thriller?
It is a crime fiction film, do you like those types of movies?
The production is Mr. & Mrs. Smith
I think they are one of the worst teams in the AFC North.
I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan but my team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you have a favorite football team?
I'm not sure. Do you know who owns the team?
It looks like he's from New York City.
He starred in X-Men 2. Have you seen that?
He also wrote Insomnia and he wrote a lot
I'm not sure but it was released in the year 2003
I am not sure but he also wrote
You're welcome
It was written by Saulius Dagys.
It's speculative fiction and was released in 1997.
Sure. Saulius Dagys also wrote The Magician's Nephew.
Your welcome.
Sure! Transformers: Dark Moon is a Sci-Fi movie. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Predators has genre Thriller and Sci-Fi. Do those sound interesting?
Avengers: Age of Ultron has a great cast.
Insurgent was written by Veronica Roth and it was released in 2012.
You're welcome
Yes, Where the Heart Is is written by Billie Letts and it is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Anatomy of a murder mystery. He also wrote Where the Heart Is
Yes. He also wrote The Crucible. He also wrote The Godfather
Thank you.
Nathan Lane starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen that?
It is! I hope you enjoy it!
I'm not sure, but it was written by Sex starring Tom Hanks.
Yes, she was! She was also in Too Big to Run, which is a romantic comedy.
William Hurt also starred in X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: First Class.
F. Murray Abraham starred in Finding Forrester, The Grand Budapest Hotel and The Bridge of San Luis Rey.
F. Murray Abraham starred in The Grand Budapest Hotel and The Proposal.
Yes, do you like science fiction movies?
The Avengers is a science fiction movie. Are you into sci-fi movies?
Yes, it is. It was released in 2014. Jeremy Renner is also in it.
Happy to help
I think he is a really good basketball player but I like his team the Denver Broncos. Do you like basketball?
I like football, but I'm more into football. What sports do you like?
My favorite team is the Redskins, what's yours?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they won Super Bowl XXXVIII.
I am not a fan of the Seahawks, but I do know they won the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
I like the New England Patriots. They are my team too.
Yes, Outlander is a science fiction book. Do you like science fiction?
If you like sci-fi, you might also enjoy Xenocide and Winter's Tale.
If you like sci-fi, you might also enjoy Xenocide and the Wyrd Sisters written by Orson Scott Card.
You're welcome.
I have not, but I know it was written by Harper Lee
That's a good deal. It was written by Harper Lee, and released in 1960.
Then you might like To Kill a Mockingbird. The next in the series is Go Set A Watchman.
You're welcome
They are a soccer team, did you know they were coached by Louis van Gaal?
Well, I know he's a great athlete, like Russell Crowe, but I don't know much about him.
He also played for Indian international soccer, but I'm not sure about him.
Sure, do you like this book because it is a Thriller or because it is a crime fiction?
That one was written by Meg Cabot
Yes, Stephenie Meyer also wrote The Chemist
Yes, and she also wrote The Boy in the Striped Pajamas
You are welcome.
Inside Out is a Thriller starring Denzel Washington. Do you like crime fiction movies?
She also starred in Wreck-It Ralph. She also starred in Proof of Life.
It's a comedy. Do you like those?
Great, hope you enjoy it!
Great, enjoy!
Jeff Garlin starred in I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With, which also starred Tom Hanks.
She did, she also starred on a television show called The Long Kiss Goodnight. Have you heard of it?
She's been in a number of movies like The Sarah Silverman Program, The Long Kiss Goodnight, The Long Kiss Goodnight, and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Ron Howard directed The Missing. He also directed A Beautiful Mind. Have you seen that?
Well, he directed The Missing. Have you seen it?
Yeah, he was in the movie The Left Hand: A Beautiful Mind. Would you like to watch it?
Yeah, it was directed by Luc Besson.
Mr & Mrs Smith is written by Simon Kinberg and stars Vince Vaughn and Stephanie March. Are you looking for more movies with those actors?
He also starred in Troy, which is a historical period drama. Have you seen it?
Sure, Donnie Darko is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Yes, he did. The Box is a Science Fiction. Do you like Science Fiction movies?
Yes, The Box is considered a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You might enjoy The Golden Compass starring Ian McKellen. It is also a Fantasy film.
Happy to help!
The Throne of Glass is written by Rick Riordan. If you like thrillers, you might also enjoy The Assassin and the Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales.
The Throne of Dawn is a fantasy and drama.
Have a great day
That was a great movie. Did you like the movie because it was a thriller?
Yes, Gothika is a comedy/ drama that was released in 2001. It also stars Natalie Portman and Natasha Richardson.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
She wrote Go Ask Alice, have you read it?
It's considered a drama. Do you like dramas?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Sure! Do you like The Proposal because it's a romantic comedy?
She was also in X-Men: First Class. Have you seen that one?
All About Steve has a genre of Thriller and Drama.
Your welcome enjoy
Yes, Paper Towns is written by John Green. Do you like young adult fiction?
He wrote The Fault in Our Stars, Paper Towns, and Looking for Alaska. Have you read any of these?
It's considered speculative fiction and fantasy.
You're welcome.
Sure, Outlander was written by Charles Dickens. He also wrote The Little Friend and The Goldfinch.
It was released in 2010.
It's a fantasy. Would you like to know more about the genre?
Eleanor & Park is a great book! You might also enjoy Rainbow Rowell. Have you read that?
Yes, she also wrote the book My True Love Gave to Me.
My True Love Gave to Me is a historical fiction
Your welcome
Yes, he directed the animation film Wreck It Ralph. Do you like animation films?
Yes, he did. He also starred in it. It's a great comedy.
He also starred in the movie "Wreck-it Ralph."
Not much, but I do know that she's a tennis player. Do you like tennis?
I like Serena as well as Venus. I think Serena is both a better player as well.
I'm not sure. I'm not sure what genre it is, but Serena is rated R.
Sure! Zach Snyder wrote, directed, and starred in The Muse. Have you seen that one?
Tom Hanks, Eddie Redmayne, Jeff Bridges and Robin Williams starred in Night Watchmen.
Yes, it is considered a comedy and was released in 2004.
Sure, if you like science fiction you might like The Watchmen, you might like that one.
Sure, she wrote The Sweet Far Thing, The Diviners and Rebel Angels.
Okay, then you'll like The Golden Compass, The Looking Glass Wars, and The Golden Compass.
It's a young adult fiction, so I would say it's a fantasy. It's part of the Gemma Doyle series. It's part of the Gemma Doyle series.
Yes, I recommend The Golden Compass. It's actually a fantasy. I'm not much of a fan of that genre.
Sure, enjoy!
Rebecca was written by Daphne du Maurie, in 1938.
It's a speculative fiction novel. Do you like that genre?
Matt Damon starred in My Cousin Rachel. He also directed My Cousin Rachel.
No problem. I am here for you.
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football franchise based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Case Keenum is the owner of the Denver Broncos, which was the owner of that team. He was the owner of The Broncos, Inc.
The current coach is John Fox, but I don't follow football much.
Who is your favorite basketball player?
He's a great player. He's a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks.
He is a soccer player from the Spain national football team. Do you like soccer?
I'm not sure, but he is a midfielder.
Yes, he is.
Wrinkle in Time is a young adult fiction book. Do you like young adult fiction?
It is also a Speculative Fiction
Then you'll like Zoe's Tale is another science fiction book.
Yes it was written by Robert O'Brien.
I'm not a huge fan of his. I like his song One Time. Do you like his music?
I like Johnny Depp. What is your favorite song of him?
No. I haven't heard that one. What is it about?
Sure! Jules Feiffer wrote The Phantom Tollbooth. It is a speculative fiction novel.
The Phantom Tollbooth is a fantasy novel and was released in 1961.
You're welcome!
You are welcome.
He plays quarterback for the Carolina Panthers. Are you a football fan?
The Wildcats are a football team in the United States.
Do you know if Woody Harrelson starred in a movie called "Woo".
Yes, Jean-Pierre Jeunet wrote Mimacs which was released in 1844.
Micmacs is a French Crime Fiction. He also wrote A Very Long Engagement and A Very Long Engagement.
Zulu is starring Jack Nicholson and Roscoe Lee Browne. It is a great Crime Fiction film.
Your welcome.
It's written by Jay Asher and it's a young adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
Well, he has also written The Future of Us. Would you like to read that one?
I have read them: What My Mother Doesn't Know. It's a Young-adult fiction.
It was released in 2007. Would you like to know more about that?
It is a romance novel written by Emma McLaughlin and released in 1886.
She also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility, have you read those?
It was released in 1817 and is a romance novel.
No problem, enjoy!
I know he wrote Michael Clayton, a romantic comedy. Do you like comedies?
Tilda Swinton was in White Oleander which was also in Tilda Swinton.
The Red Violin is starring Charlize Theron, but it was released in 1994. Would you like to know more about the actors?
Certainly! I hope you enjoy it!
