Sure, do you like action movies?
Well, it's a great movie! It's a great action adventure film.
Yes, The Hitman's Bodyguard is a similar movie, have you seen it?
Yes, The Hitman's Bodyguard and Death Wish is a action movie. Do you like action movies?
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans.
She wrote The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian. Have you heard of it?
I believe it was released in 1970
You're welcome
There's Something About Mary is written by Bobby Farrelly and stars Jim Carrey.
Sarah Silverman has been in a variety of films such as There's Something About Mary, Titanic, and Ocean's Eleven. Have you seen those?
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now. Something else I can help you with?
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen, do you like her work?
no i dont. what else can i answer for you?
yes that is correct. what else can i answer for you?
no problem. do you like any other suggestions?
Don Cheadle starred in The Guard. Have you seen it?
It's a crime drama. Do you like those types of movies?
I don't have that information right now, but it is a comedy crime fiction movie starring Don Cheadle. Have you seen it?
Great, I hope you like it!
Ravichandran Ashwin is an Indian international cricketer. Do you like cricket?
He currently plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders and the India national team.
I don't know any players on the team, but I do know that they play Cricket in India, have you heard of it?
Sure! Mike Newell directed The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which is a drama. Have you seen it?
Yes, it was written by Gary Oldman and is a speculative fiction.
Sure, anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
I think he's a good basketball player but I don't really follow him. How about you?
No, I am not familiar with him. What sport do you like?
Oh ok. I think he's a good coach. What sport do you like?
Oh yea he's good. I think he's from San Francisco 49ers. What sport do you like?
I like the Dallas Cowboys and the Denver Broncos. What about you?
Hot Fuzz is a black comedy starring Jim Carrey. Do you like black comedy?
Yes, he was in Star Trek and Shaun of the Dead
Sorry, I don't have that information right now.
You are welcome
Frank Finlay starred in The Valley of Horses and the Hunted, among others
Well, if you like Romance, you might also like Your Highness or My Highness to name a couple.
You're welcome. Have a good day!
Yes, The Game is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Yes, Thriller is a great movie starring Sean Penn.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Will do.
You're welcome
I do not have any information on that, but I can tell you that McG directed the drama film Welcome to Kill. Have you seen it?
It was written by Oren Moverman.
I am not sure who starred in this movie but it is a Romance film.
Okay, let me know if you need anything else.
Yes, it is a Horror film. Would you like to know more about this?
You're welcome
Sure, it was written by Thomas Christensen and released in 1989.
I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome!
William Directed The Hunted, The Mechanic and The Mechanic.
The Hunted is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
The Devil and Father Amorth is a horror film starring William Friedkin and was released in 1996.
Yes, The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
Great Gatsby is written by F. Scott Fitzgerald who also wrote Tender is the Night. Have you read that one?
The Surgeon was written by Dr. Dreyfuss. Do you like his work?
Sure! Do you like it because it's written by Cassandra Clare or because it's a thriller?
Yes, she wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex. Do you like adventure books?
Of course! I hope you enjoy!
You're welcome!
Sure, it was written by David O Russell and David Koepp. It's a good movie.
Morgan Freeman starred in The Republic of Love which is a Sci-Fi movie.
I've always wanted to go to the Olympics. I've always wanted to go to the Olympics.
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Hunger Games. Have you seen that one?
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Hunger Games Triology: Catching Fire.
You are welcome!
Well, she starred in Who's That Girl and Swept Away. Have you seen either of those?
She's a talented actress. I think she's made some appearances in the TV series, and a TV series, too.
Yes, he did. He starred in Scream 4. It's a great comedy.
I know a little bit about him. He plays cricket in India and plays for the India national cricket team.
Yes he did and he also played for the Pune Warriors in India.
You are welcome
Sure Amy Poehler : Program creator: Upright Citizens Brigade. Upright Citizens Brigade is similar to her.
The Muppets Series. what else can i answer for you?
Lorne Michaels starred in Mean Girls. what else can i answer for you?
Tina Fey has written The Girls Girls. what else can i answer for you?
Arsenal is a sports team. They are a sports team.
Not really, I know that they are owned by Magic Johnson and Frank McCourt.
You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help with?
Jonathan Levine Directed Jonathan Levine. He also wrote Marlon Brando.
It is a Romance starring Jane Adams. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it was released in 2014.
Your welcome
Sure! He starred in Taken 2 and Taken 2. Have you seen those?
Liam Neeson starred in Taken 3 along with Liam Neeson
Yes, it's a thriller and stars Robert De Niro and Olivia Wilde
Great! Enjoy
I am not a Packers fan, but I do know that they are having a good season.
I think it's not overrated, but it's not overrated, but its not overrated.
I agree, Aaron Rodgers is very good.
Well, if you like action films, you might like The Incredible Hulk or The Avengers.
Yes, he starred in The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian. Have you seen it?
Yes, did you know that he also starred in The Shadows Were Sleeping?
George Clooney is a great actor. Did you know he also wrote, directed and starred in the movie?
You're welcome
Sure. Do you like the author Dean Koontz? He wrote the next book in the series, Odd Thomas.
Trunk Music was written by David Koepp. It's a speculative fiction.
Sure. Jonathan Kellerman also wrote Sense and Sensibility, which is a thriller.
Treasure Island was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Do you like his work?
Then I would recommend The Darkest Whispers and The Darkest Whisper. Have you read those?
Your welcome
I think he's a good singer and a musician. Do you like him?
I don't know much about her but I do know that she was influenced by David Guetta. Do you like his music?
Not really, but I do know that David Guetta has a similar voice.
Sure, Something Borrowed was written by Nicholas Sparks and he also wrote Shrek Forgiveness. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, it was. 2012 was the year that released Where We Belong.
I like thrillers like Shark Night, xXx, and xXx.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Judd Apatow wrote the comedy Knocked Up. Have you heard of it?
Groundhog Day was produced by Simon McBurney. He also wrote and produced that film.
Yes he did, he also starred in a movie called No Country for Old Men.
Not that I am aware of. He directed and produced This Is 40. That's 40.
Groundhog Day is a horror/comedy drama. It's a great movie.
He's written a lot of comedy-drama movies.
You're welcome
I think he's a composer and song writer. He's a composer and song writer. Do you like his music?
Yes, he was also in The Disco
Oh yea, he is a good band!
Oh yea he a great singer. he is amazing! Do you have a favorite song by him?
There's Something About Mary is written by Bobby Farrelly and a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Do you like Ben Stiller? He also wrote There's Something About Mary.
It is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
Sure! Both of them were released in 2005 and are considered a historical fiction.
You're welcome!
Great! Have a great day!
Sure! Do you like books written by George Orwell?
He also wrote Sense and Sensibility, which is a Speculative fiction.
Yes! She starred in The Temple of My Familiar and The Temple of My Familiar.
Temple of My Familiar was released in 1960
Temple of My Familiar genre
You are welcome
Oldboy is a comedy/mystery movie. Do you like that genre?
Have you seen A Good Day to Die Hard or A Good Day?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information.
Sorry, I don't have that information.
You're welcome
The Ice Storm is a great movie. Have you seen it?
He wrote, directed, and starred in Hollywood Chinese. He also directed, produced, and produced The Ice Storm.
Sure! Woody Allen wrote, directed, and starred in a lot of films. He also wrote, directed, and starred in the movie A Bug's Life. Have you seen that one?
Zsa Gabor was a German language writer, screenwriter, and screenwriter. It was released in 2010.
Touch of Evil has genre Thriller and Crime Fiction.
Sure, it was written by Steven Spielberg and is a sci-fi. Do you like sci fi?
Yes, there was! Jurassic park is a thriller, do you like thrillers?
Yes, he directed Jurassic World. He also directed Jurassic World 2.
Rickie Fowler is a professional golfer born in Murrieta. Do you like golf?
He also plays golf. Did you know he's from Honolulu?
I love that movie. Did you know Adam Sandler starred in it as well?
Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien? He also wrote Lord of the Rings.
Have you read the Lord of the Rings or the Harry Potter series?
Yes, The Silmarillion is written by J.R.R. Tolkien and is considered a fantasy.
Wes Craven wrote My Soul to Take and starred in it.
He also wrote My Soul to Take, which is a Horror Thriller.
Yes, I think he's a great actor.
The Lost World: Jurassic Park is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like his movies?
Well, if you like sci-fi, I think you might enjoy The Goonies. Have you seen that one?
Zombieland is a great adventure and science fiction film. I think you'd enjoy it.
Bob Peck has starred in Jurassic Park III and Lord of the Rings. Have you seen those?
Surviving Picasso was born in Slaughter, Mexico, United States of America. He is American.
Joss Ackland also stars in the X-Men series Ackland.
The Little Prince is a Historical period drama.
You're welcome.
I think he's a great quarterback and he's married to Gisele.
I didn't know that. I know he's married to Gisele Bundchen. He was in that movie as well.
That is a good one. He also starred in The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that one?
Yes, it is a great movie starring Bruce Willis and Stanley Kubrick. Have you seen it?
Roderick Thorp also wrote Hudson Hawk which is a Comedy.
Yes he did. He also wrote Die Hard with a Vengeance.
Yes they are, and a great movie!
Alien is a Young-adult fiction starring Kevin Spacey. Do you like it?
If you like horror, I would recommend The Darkest Whispers and The Killing Hour. Have you seen those?
I don't have much information on Bats, but I do know that it's part of a series of science fiction movies.
You're welcome
Sure, David Lynch directed The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that one?
You might like Zombieland, X-Men. or X-Men 2.
Yes, he did. That is a great sci-fi thriller.
You're welcome!
Alice Braga starred in The Rite and Repo Men
Repo Men was written by John Lennon.
He is a writer and a screenwriter.
Sure. Brett Helquist is a writer. He wrote The Wide Window
The End was released in 2014 and is a speculative fiction
He is a writer and author as well as a musician and a musician.
Yes, I do. Did you know he dated and dated and dated, Gayle Forman?
Yes he does, he also has a son named Seth Meyers.
No I haven't seen it but I know it was directed by Justin Timberlake right?
Ok! Enjoy!
Yes, he starred in Windtalkers and Tumbleweeds. Have you seen those?
I think you'd like it. It's a drama. It's part of a series.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Something else I can help you with?
Glad to be of help.
I think he's a good football player. Did you know he's from Barcelona?
Yes, I do. Football is my favorite. What is your favorite team?
Yes, that is a good one. I think the only thing that I really know is that he was born in Rio de Janeiro.
Harry Potter and the cursed child is written by Dave Pelzer
Jack Thorne was in the Harry Potter series and Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban
I don't know much about them. I'm more of a fan of the New England Patriots.
He sure does! He's a painter and a paint and a paint.
Well, they are in the AFC West, and aren't they?
Sure! Eoin Colfer wrote The Phantom Tollbooth which is a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, that is correct. Have you read that one?
Yes, The Six Wives of Henry VIII was released in 1989
I do, did you know he's from Nashville?
I like that genre, what about you?
I don't know any of his songs, but I do know he's from Toronto, isn't he?
You're welcome
Sure, Kyrie Irving is a professional basketball player who plays as a point guard for the Houston Rockets.
No, Boston Celtics haven't played in a while, but I know they are coached by Doc Rivers and Brad Stevens.
That was the final score. That was pretty good!
Sure, Christopher Nolan directed The Dark Knight Rises which stars Christopher Nolan.
Yes, he is a Russian author. His novel "Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog". Have you read it?
Yes,  накаание was written by .  by .  by .  by .  by .  by .  by .  by .  by .  by .  by .  by .  by  by .  by .  by  by .  by  by .
Yes, it is. It was written in English and is a good read.
You're welcome, enjoy!
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books. The next book in the series is Ozma of Oz, have you read that one?
Well, if you like fantasy, I recommend The Wonderful Wizard of Oz, or The Golden Compass.
I'd suggest The Wonderful Wizard of Oz. It's a fantasy and also speculative fiction.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes, Marco Reus plays for the Germany national football team. Do you like soccer?
Yes, he is a German soccer player who plays Midfielder and forward. He is a midfielder.
Yes, Yuvan Shankar also played for the Mumbai Indians and was a midfielder as well.
Yes, it is a great movie. Do you like any of the actors in it?
That book was written by Corn of Thorns and is a fantasy. Do you like books by this author?
Sarah J. Maas wrote A Corn of Thorns and Roses, which is speculative fiction.
I would recommend Witches Abroad and Witches Abroad.
No problem!
James Cameron wrote A Clockwork Orange which is a drama. Have you seen it?
That's correct. Kate Winslet was also in Titanic. She's a great actress!
I don't have that information right now, but it is written by James Cameron
Your welcome
Yes, it is a great movie. Did you know that Madame Bovary is a Romance novel?
If you like romance novels, you'll like Welcome to Temptation and Water for Elephants.
Yes, it is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
She wrote The Hunger Games. Have you read that one?
I am not a big tennis fan but I do know that Venus Williams has won a lot of PGA Championships right?
Oh yea that is good. I think he and MartinaNava were both better.
Yes, her sister is very good
Yes, Michelle Wie is an American professional Golfer born in Honolulu.
Yes, she won the U.S. Women's Public Links.
Wow! What do you think of her?
Sylvia Day wrote You Again. Have you read it?
Reflected in You and One With You is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, she also wrote Seven Years to Sin, have you read those?
Sure! Margaret Atwood wrote The Year of the Flood and The Robber Bride. Have you read those?
It's genre is speculative fiction and fantasy. Do you like those genres?
You're welcome!
The Handmaid's Tale was written by Margaret Atwood. Would you like to know more about this book?
I do! He starred in a few good movies like The Count of Monte Cristo. Have you seen those?
The move Carlos is a thriller starring Jason Robards and Kurt Wimmer.
Sorry, I don't have that information. Something else I can help with?
Sure! Do you like the author, Sylvester Stallone or the genre?
Tahereh Mafi wrote The Het Achterhuis: Dagboekbrieven
Yes, 2014 was the year that released You Are Not So Smart, written by Rachel McAdams.
It is a romance novel written by George R.R. Martin and Caroline Kepnes and was released in 2016.
The Shadow Rising is a fantasy novel written by George R.R. Martin as well.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Wally Lamb wrote The Hour I First Believed and The Hour I First Believed.
We Are Water was published in 1936.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy!
Sure. He directed Finding Neverland and Finding Neverland. Have you seen those?
Machine Gun Preacher is a fantasy and Historical fiction.
It starred Robert De Niro, Michael Stahl-David, and Marc Forster.
It was released in 2005.
Of course.
You are welcome
Yes, he has written A Separate Peace which is a Young-adult fiction
It is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is a similar book.
Your welcome
Sure! Do you like the author Emma because it's speculative fiction?
Jane Austen also wrote Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
Yes, Wuthering Heights is a historical drama. Do you like that genre?
Sorry, I don't have any more information on those books.
The Giver was written by Lois Lowry and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Okay, maybe you'd like Wicked Lovely or When the Wind Blows.
You're welcome.
Did you like Fight Club because it was written by Jim Uhls?
I don't have that information right now. Anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome!
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is written by J.K. Rowling who also wrote Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire
Have you seen the whole Harry Potter series?
You're welcome
Mindy Kaling wrote The Secret Life of Bees, which is a speculative fiction.
Sure, it was released in 2005 and is a romance/fantasy book.
No, Everyone Hanging Out Without Me is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome
Sure. He wrote оскресение and оскресение.
Anna Karenina also wrote аренина and it's in English. She also wrote нна аренина.
You're welcome!
Sure! Cathereine Hardwicke wrote The Count of Monte Cristo.
The film starred Robert De Niro and Michael Stahl-David. Do you like them?
I am not sure, but I can tell you that Michael Shanks also starred in Snow White and the Huntsman.
He is a soccer player from England. He plays forward.
He also played for Manchester United F.C. I don't know much about him.
Yes, he is a top tierney and a midfielder as well.
I have not read any of his work, but I do know he starred in This is the End.
Yes he did, he also starred in a few good thrillers like The Patient.
I agree, he's very good with his work. He has been in such films as Where the Wild Things Are and The Secret Life of Bees.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, Where'd You Go, Bernadette is written by Maria Semple.
Yes, that is a good one as well. Did you know she also starred in A Walk in the Woods?
You got it!
Sure! Lauren Kate wrote Passion and Rapture. Have you read those?
Sure. Torment was released in 2010 and is a young-adult fiction. It's considered a classic.
I hope you enjoy it!
Lewis Carroll starred in Cars 2. He also starred in Cars 2. Have you seen it?
Yes, Johnny Depp starred in The Rum Diary. Have you seen that one?
The Rum Diary was released in 2000. The movie starred Johnny Depp. Have you seen it?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy!
Well, let me know if you need any recommendations.
No, I haven't heard of them. Are they coached by David Platt?
Sure, some of their current players are René Meulensteen, Ryan Giggs
You're welcome
She wrote Last Night in Paris, have you read that one?
She also wrote Xenocide which is a thriller
It's a a speculative fiction.
You're welcome
Sure! He directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen that one?
The Simpsons Movie was written by Meg Cabot. Did you know David Silverman starred in it?
Yes, they are. David Mirkin also wrote and starred in The Simpsons Movie.
You too!
I don't really follow cricket, but I know he plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders. Do you like him?
Not really a fan of cricket but I do know he plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
Yeah, he was influenced by Charles Dickens. He was born in Rochester.
Yes, it is a great movie starring Orlando Bloom and Christopher Lee. Do you like adventure movies?
He also starred in The Good Doctor, have you seen that one?
Great, hope you enjoy!
Yes, The Death Cure is a Young-adult fiction that was released in 2011.
Yes, it was written by Philip Pullman
Yes, it's a young-adult fiction as well.
Sure! Nicola Kraus wrote The Nanny Diaries. Have you read it?
Yes, it was written by Emma MdLaughlin and is a Comedy. Do you like that genre?
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like fantasy books?
I don't think he starred in a TV show, but I think he starred in a TV show called The Secret Life of Bees. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he was in a TV episode called The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Yes, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen those?
Sure! Do you like Horror movies?
He also starred in the movie Grindhouse. You might like it.
It's a thriller starring Charlize Theron. She also starred in Death Proof.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I think she's a great singer and actress. What do you like about her?
John Carpenter wrote Escape from New York, have you seen that one?
Yes, he also starred in The Fault in Our Stars, along with John Carpenter. Have you seen that one?
Hugh Jackman starred in that movie. It was directed by John Carpenter as well.
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom
Great! He also starred in The Good Doctor with Orlando Bloom.
Yes, that's a great movie. It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Venus Williams is the best female athlete of all time. Her sister Serena is Venus Williams.
Yes Serena has a good reputation as well. Her sister Serena is quite good as well.
Wow, I didn't know that. I know that she is from Miami, and is married to a woman.
I don't follow soccer, but I know he plays for the Colombia national football team. Do you like soccer?
I don't think so, I think he was captain for the Seattle Seahawks.
I don't follow football, I prefer American Football. What sports do you like?
I would. Home Alone is written by John Hughes and is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Home Alone has genre Young-adult fiction and Home Alone has genre Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Breakfast Club was released in 2003
You are welcome
I do, he's a great singer and songwriter. Do you like his music?
Did you know he is from Honolulu? He also wrote a lot of music.
I haven't heard of that one. I think he's a good friend to Madonna. I think he's a very good person.
Do you like Shawshank Redemption because it is written by Stephen King?
He also wrote the Mist, The Green Mile and The Green Mile
You're welcome
Are you looking for other fantasy books by Alice's Adventures in Wonderland because of the genre Fantasy?
Through the Looking-Glass is the second book by Lewis Carroll.
Yes, he wrote the book Through the Looking-Glass.
Yes! He starred in Deadpool and The Transporter Refueled. Have you seen those?
Yes, he also starred in The Transporter Refueled and Deadpool. Have you seen those?
It's a drama. Do you like those kinds of movies?
You're welcome. I think you'd enjoy it as well.
You're welcome, I think you'll enjoy it.
You're welcome
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade is written by Philip Kaufman.
The Last Crusade is a fantasy drama. what else can i answer for you?
The Last Crusade is written by Philip Kaufman
He plays Cricket for the Mumbai Indians. Are you a cricket fan?
He plays Cricket for the Mumbai Indians and is from India.
Yes, he does. He also plays Cricket for the Mumbai Indians.
Yes, he also plays for the Mumbai Indians.
Aldous Huxley wrote The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell
The first one was published in 1891, the same year The Doors of Perception came out.
Yes, he did. He's a very talented band. I think he's won the Rookie of the Year Award.
Yes, it was written by Ian Fleming and is a Young-adult fiction
I don't have any other books by Christopher Hampton, but I do know he wrote a version of Atonement a suspense book called Atonement.
The film is categorized as a drama and a mystery.
That movie is called Without Remorse, which is a thriller and suspense and crime fiction.
You're welcome!
2012 was written by Roland Emmerich and Harald Kloser and directed by Emmerich. Do you like action movies?
The Thirteenth Floor is a drama
J.K. Simmons starred in the movie
Are you interested in other books by J.K. Rowling, or do you prefer the Fantasy genre?
Did you like it because it was starring Tate Donovan?
Yes, she is. Did you know that she also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man 2?
Yes, he did. He also starred in Help.
I know she starred in The Muppets a musical comedy.
I haven't seen it yet, but I know it's a drama/fantasy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it was written by John Grisham and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It is a thriller, do you like that genre?
The Firm is a thriller, do you like that genre?
You're welcome
He's a great football player, but I don't really follow soccer. Do you?
I don't have that information but I know he plays as a forward
I like basketball and baseball
I like baseball, what about you?
Yes, Packer is a Packer!
I don't follow soccer, but I know they are coached by David Platt. Do you like soccer?
Yes, he was a midfielder as well. Do you know anything about soccer?
Yes, they have a good season. They have a good season.
Sure! Did you like The Time Traveler's Wife because it was written by Bruce Joel Rubin?
Violets Are Blue is a mystery. Do you like mystery novels?
You're welcome
You're welcome
Sure! Do you like books written by Jane Austen or the Romance genre?
I dont have information about that
That book was written by Virginia Woolf who also wrote The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.
Daniel Defoe wrote "The Life and Strange Surprising Adventures of Robinson Crusoe of York, Mariner"
I am not sure but it was released in 1922.
You're welcome
She did! She also wrote and starred in the movie Call Me Maybe, have you seen it?
Yes, she did, she also won the Rookie of the Year Award
Oh yea, that's a great one! I liked her in Call Me Maybe, she's a very talented person!
Sure, he directed both The Godfather and The Messenger. Have you seen those?
The Others stars Nicole Kidman and Liam Aiken. Do you like them?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Well, madame Bovary is similar.
It's a fantasy book. Do you like that genre?
Sure, you might like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy. Have you read it?
Well, he's written a favorite of mine, The Return of the King, which is a classic.
Madame Bovary was written in 1856. It is a romance novel.
It's a romance novel that was released in 1856.
Well, if you like fiction, you might like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Tom Clancy starred in The Sum of All Fears, The Hunted and The Sum of All Fears.
Joseph Conrad wrote Lord of the Flies. Have you read that one?
Yes, it's a book based on a book by Joseph Conrad.
Nostromo: A Simple Tale was released in 2005
He wrote The World According to Garp, and The Crossing. Have you read those?
You should check out The World According to Garp, or The Time Traveler's Wife
Cormac McCarthy wrote the book Your Heart Belongs to Me. It's a very good one.
That one was released in 1971.
You're welcome!
Jane Eyre is a novel written by Charles Dickens and is considered a satire.
He also wrote Sense and Sensibility a romance novel. Have you read that one?
No, it's not, but it's a great book.
Great! Have a great day!
It was written by Malala Yousafzai, who also wrote The Alchemist.
He also wrote The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban.
Veronika Decide Morrer is a speculative fiction and fantasy.
Yes, he was also a teacher and a teacher.
I think he plays for the Boston Red Sox. I don't think he's retiring.
I like basketball. I am a fan of the Dallas Cowboys. What sports do you like?
Yes, I agree. The Lakers are a great team. I think the Lakers moved to LA when it first opened, but the Lakers moved to LA when it first opened.
O Alquimista was written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988. Have you read it?
Paulo Coelho also wrote The Alchemist. Have you read that one?
I sure will.
Sure, Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood is written by Rebecca Wells who also wrote Ya-Ya Sisterhood.
Rebecca Wells wrote Ya-Ya Sisterhood, she also wrote Ya-Ya Sisterhood
You are welcome, Hope you enjoy!
Sure! Kami Garcia wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Redemption. Have you read either of these?
It's a fantasy novel. It was released in 2011. Do you like fantasy novels?
You are welcome. Have a good day.
Sarah J. Maas wrote Throne of Glass and The Assassin's Blade. Have you read either of those?
Throne of Glass by Sarah J. Maas is a horror novel.
Great, hope you enjoy!
You're welcome
Dawn of the Planet of the Apes is a sci-fi adventure film starring Ronan Bennett. Do you like those types of movies?
Kodi also starred in Young-Adult and The Husband. Have you seen those?
Yes, it is a Crime Fiction Drama. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome
A.I. Artificial Intelligence is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Gremlins has some great Dramas , Crime Fiction Dramas have you seen this one?
No problem have a great day
This Is The End stars Evan Goldberg and James Franco. Are you a fan of Evan Goldberg?
Yes, James Franco also starred in The Interview which is a Psychological Thriller and Comedy.
I'm sorry I don't have that information. Something else I can help you with?
Do you like books written by Truman Capote? He also wrote a thriller and a romance film.
He also wrote Thirteen Moons and The Cold Mountain. Have you read those?
Thirteen Moons was released in 2005 and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You got it. Enjoy!
The Dallas Cowboys are a good team. Did you know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt?
Jerry Jones starred in Jerry Jones. He also starred in the movie Jerry Jones.
I think he's a reality show as well.
Sure. Bruce Almighty was written by Steve Oedekerk and stars Jim Carrey. Do you like his movies?
Sure. It was directed by Ivan Reitman and stars Steve Carell as well. It is a Sci-Fi.
It is a drama film, with Evan Almighty as the lead role.
Josh Hutcherson starred in The Hunger Games. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Zathura: A Space Adventure is a drama. Do you like that genre?
She starred in The Kids Are All Right and also in Youth and Comedy.
Yes, it's a romantic comedy.
You're welcome!
Do you like Pulp Fiction because it's a thriller?
He also wrote The Incredible Hulk and Pulp Fiction. Do you like those types of movies?
You are welcome.
You're welcome
Sure Tina Fey wrote The Secret Life of Bees and The Little Friend. Have you read those?
Yes, he was in The Kite Runner.
Sure, Tate Taylor wrote The Help and starred in The Help, a crime drama. Have you seen it?
Yes! Cicely Tyson also starred in Help.
She did star in The Women of Brewster Place, which is a drama film
You're welcome
Inception is written by Christopher Nolan who also wrote The Prestige.
The Dark Knight was directed by Christopher Nolan
Sure! Did you like Star Wars because he wrote, directed, and starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back?
Indiana Jones starred in Indiana Jones. He also starred in the Star Wars Holiday Special.
Yes, it is a Drama, and also a Mystery.
Sure! Did you like it because it was written by Paula McLain or because it is a fiction?
She also wrote Circling the Sun. Have you read that one?
It's a speculative fiction book.
It's a newer book that was released in 2015.
You're welcome
Sure. Lea Thompson starred in The Wild Life and The Wild Life. Have you seen those?
She has starred in Zombieland as well as a few children's films. Have you seen either of those?
That is a good one. Have you seen Back to the Future Part II?
He also wrote Back to the Future Part II, which is a great movie.
Great! I hope you enjoy those!
Yes, it is a great movie starring Marlon Brando and Francis Ford Coppola.
Yes, Sofia Coppola starred in Apocalypse Now, as well as The Godfather Part II.
Yes, he did. He also directed Apocalypse Now.
Gustave Flaubert wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Yes, another good Romance novel by Gustave Flaubert is A Room of One's Own. Have you read that one?
Yes, it was. It was written in 2004 and is a Romance novel. Do you want to read it?
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
I know that he starred in Män som hatar kvinnor
Sure. She wrote Graceling, Fire, Bitterblue. Have you read any of these?
She also wrote Graceling, Fire, and Bitterblue. Have you read those?
Sure, Margery Williams Bianco is known for writing The Velveteen Rabbit.
The Velveteen Rabbit is in the genre of speculative fiction and fantasy.
The Giver is written by Lois Lowry
I think he's a good Quarterback. What's your opinion?
I do, my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
I haven't had a chance to watch football in person, but I have heard of Aaron Rodgers. He's a quarterback for the Green Bay Packers.
That's awesome. Did you know Aaron Rodgers was a quarterback for the Bills?
Yes, The Lost Hero is written by Rick Riordan and is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Lost Hero has genre Thriller
Yes, The Titan's Curse is written by Rick Riordon
You are welcome
Sure! Dan Scanlon wrote Monsters, Inc., and Monsters vs. Aliens.
I do not know, but I know it is written by Dan Scanlon and is starring Tom Hanks.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy!
Yes, he wrote The Messenger and The Book Thief. Have you read those?
The Prince is a Romance novel.
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People is written by Machiavelli.
Yes, I do! He starred in Desperado and Desperado. Have you seen those?
Yes, but I prefer Latin music as well.
Great, I think I'll check out some of his music. Have a good day!
Sure! Do you like books written by Truman Capote and Crime Fiction?
Have you read anything by Truman Capote, he also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's, which is a crime fiction.
You're welcome!
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is written by Rebecca Wells and a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is a very good one. Other biographies you might like are The Best Man, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, and The End of the Affair.
Walk the Line was written by Rebecca Wells and is a speculative fiction.
Sorry, I don't have that information right now.
I think she's a great singer and a great singer. What do you think of her?
I am not a big fan of Taylor Swift, I like the song Valentines Day. Have you heard of it?
I am not a big fan of Shakira, did you know she won the MTV Video Music Award for Video of the Year?
She starred in The Princess Diaries. Have you seen that one?
White Squall stars Jason Statham and Jason Marsden. Do you like these actors?
White Squall is a horror film, do you like this genre?
Sorry, I don't have that information. Something else I can help with?
You're welcome
Sure! Dickens wrote Oliver Twist, The Old Curiosity Shop, and many more. Have you read any of these?
Sure! Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. It's a speculative fiction novel.
Sorry, I don't have that information. Anything else I can help you with?
Glad I could help.
John Grogan wrote Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog.
Sure, Marley & Me was written by John Grogan. Anything else I can help you with?
Scream is a horror. Do you like Horror movies?
Yes, I am. Wes Craven also directed The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Sure, it also stars Johnny Depp. It was directed by Wes Craven and is a Horror film.
Sylvester Stallone wrote The Expendables. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was. Do you like him? He also wrote and directed Rocky IV.
I don't know, but Sylvester Stallone also starred in Redbelt.
Sure! Did you like it because it was written by Cassandra Clare or because it was released in 2014?
Yes, City of Bones is a fantasy and Cassandra Clare wrote City of Bones which is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy books?
Great! Cassandra Clare wrote a book called The Shadow Rising which is a fantasy. Have you read that one?
Sure! Do you like Pulp Fiction because it's written by Roger Avary?
It starred Robert De Niro, Zoe Saldana, and Michael G. Johnson.
Ma Long is a table tennis athlete from China. Are you a fan?
Do you know if he was on the 2012 Olympics? He was a table tennis player too
I like Michael Phelps from the 2012 Olympics. He was also in the 2012 Olympics.
What do you think of him?
Bobby Farrelly starred in Stuck on You
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
I don't know who else starred in it, but it is a Romance film. Do you like Romance?
Rob Cohen directed The Skulls
I don't have that information, but it's a drama starring William Hurt and Ty Burrell.
You're welcome
Yes, it is a German football club based in Munich, coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
It's soccer, but I don't know much about soccer
Yes he did. He is also a midfielder
I think he's a great singer and songwriter. Do you like him?
Yes, he plays for the Delhi Daredevils
Sure, he directed Million Dollar Baby starring Hilary Swank and Clint Eastwood. Have you seen those?
It is a romantic comedy starring Tommy Lee Jones
You are welcome
He directed The Lives of Others, have you seen that one?
The Tourist is a drama and The Lives of Others is a horror film.
The film stars Ulrich Thomsen, Sebastian Koch and Sebastian Koch.
It was released in 2003 and also starred Thomas Lennon and Ulrich Thomsen.
The film was written by Frances Hodgson Burnett and was released in 2003.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I agree, they are the best basketball team in the NBA. They have won a few championships last year.
He sure is! He was shooting guard for the Seattle Seahawks last season.
Oh yea they they won the NBA All-Rookie of the Year Award.
Jane Eyre is a fiction novel written by Charles Dickens. Do you like fiction books?
Michael Mason also wrote Sense and Sensibility
Have you read The Time Machine by Michael Mason
Russel Westbrook is a basketball player. Do you like him?
I like basketball and baseball. What about you?
I didn't know that. I think he's from Queens.
John Boyne wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read it?
It is a tragicomedy.
You are welcome.
It was written by Million Little Pieces by James Frey. It's a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure, it was written by Frey and has genre Speculative fiction.
Sorry, I don't have that information. Something else I can help you with?
Richard Andrews wrote The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark
1600. Have you read Winter's tale?
Yes. Shakespear's Tale is a comedy
Sure. I hope you enjoy!
Yes, he plays for the Germany national football team as a midfielder on the Germany national team.
Yes Thomas Muller plays as a midfielder as a midfielder and a midfielder as a midfielder and forward.
Not really, I am more of a fan of American football, what about you? What sport do you like?
Isn't he a tennis player?
Basel is somewhere in New York City and is a tennis player.
Yes, she is a singer-songwriter and singer. Are you a fan of hers?
Yes, she won the MTV Video Award for Best Video of the Year
I think so. Did you know Call Me Maybe won the Grammy for Best Male Video of the Year?
Sure! Do you like jaws because it is written by Robert Mark Kamen or because it is a Horror?
Yes, he did. Keith Gordon starred in Jaws 2 as well.
You're welcome
She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie
Amelie was written by Gustave Flaubert. He also wrote Frankenweenie.
Amelie is a romantic comedy. It's a romance film.
Yes he starred in the movie The Mechanic. Have you seen it?
It is a drama. Do you like drama?
It was written by Steven Spielberg and is a Psychological Thriller.
He also starred in a lot of thrillers and also in the suspense genres, crime and drama.
Leslie Bibb also starred in Wakko's Wish
You are welcome
I don't know a lot about football, but I do know that they are coached by Lovie Smith.
I don't really follow football, but I do like the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
I like basketball. I like the Denver Broncos. How about you?
I think they are a good band. What do you like about them?
Somewhere I Belong is a pop rock movie. Do you like that genre?
Yes they are very popular and they are very popular
Yes, I do. The Philadelphia Eagles is a great team. Do you like football?
Yes they did! They also won the Super Bowl XXXII, though.
Yes, the Patriots have won quite a few Super Bowl's. They won the Super Bowl XXXVIII and the Super Bowl in 2012.
In Cold Blood was written by Truman Capote who also wrote To Kill a Mockingbird.
Have you read Utterly Cold Blooded by Jonathan Kellerman? He also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's.
Yes, it was based on a true story. I am not sure about Gone, Gone, Gone, Gone, and I believe it was written by Jeffrey Lehane.
Sure! Did you enjoy it because it is a fantasy?
Yes, it is. It also stars Seth Rogen. He also starred in The Social Network.
Sure. Garfield also starred in White House Down. Have you seen that one?
I don't know much about them, but I know they are owned by Jay-Z and owned by Bud Adams.
Yes, I am a fan of basketball. My favorite team is the Redskins. How about you?
Yes, the Nets are a good team and the Packers are the best in the NBA.
Yes, it is a great movie. Did you know it is starring Samuel L. Jackson? He also starred in it.
She starred in The Book of Eli which is a Romance film.
I am not sure who else starred in it, but I know Mila Kunis starred in Witches Abroad and another one of her movies.
You're welcome
Sure, he starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen that one?
Yes, that is correct. He was also in The Birdcage.
Yes, that was the year it was released.
Yes I do, I like the movie Orlando Bloom starring Johnny Depp. Do you like his movies?
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Good Doctor.
If you like thrillers, I would recommend Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee.
Do you like X-Men Origins because it is a sci-fi movie?
He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine and the X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
I am not sure who else starred in Waiting, but I know it also starred Ryan Reynolds.
You're welcome
True Grit is a Thriller starring Matt Damon. Do you like Thriller movies?
He also starred in The People Speak, which is a very good movie.
He was in The People Speak, which is a great action movie.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy!
Boyhood was directed by Quentin Tarantino. He also directed Young Frankenstein.
He also directed and starred in Waking Life. Have you seen that one?
Confused was released in 2005 and is a Drama/Mystery/Mystery/Mysteries.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
It's a drama starring Tom Hanks. Do you like dramas?
It's a drama. Do you like drama?
You might like Zoe's Tale, X-Men or X-Men.
Yes, it was released in 2005, and stars Tom Hanks and Tim Allen.
The Saints are a sports team. I think they are a part of the NFC South division. They play in the NFC South division.
Yes, they are a good team. Do you like any other teams?
Oh yea they won that one! It looks like they have a good season this year!
Sure! Evan Goldberg directed The Interview
The End stars Seth Rogen and James Franco. Are you familiar with these actors?
Yes, he did. He also starred in Pineapple Express.
He also starred in Pineapple Express and Ghostbusters.
The Vow also stars Mindy Kaling, Mindy Kaling, and Channing Tatum.
You're welcome!
Sure! The Silence of the Lambs is a Young-adult fiction. Similar books include The Darkest Whispers and The Darkest Whisper.
Ralph Fiennes has also starred in Red Dragon if you like. Have you seen it?
You're welcome
White Fang is a thriller you might like.
Sure. He starred in The Lion King. Have you seen that?
Have you seen The Lion King? She also starred in that.
You're welcome
Yes, it was written by Vince Flynn and stars Will Smith and Will Arnett.
Will Smith also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness
It is a Thriller. Do you like those types of movies?
Sure, I'll play it for you.
Yes, he plays for the Manchester United F.C. National Football team. Do you like soccer?
i know Fabio Capello was a midfielder as well. he was a midfielder as well. Do you have a favorite team?
Yes, my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who is your favorite team?
Yes, Christmas is a great movie starring Steve McQueen. Are you a fan of his?
They are a great K-pop boy band. Do you like them?
They are both from South Korea and they are a boy band. I love their music.
I'm not sure about that, but I do know that they started with a team in Seoul called K-pop.
Sure Jason Flemyng starred in Wild Bill, Welcome to the Punch, and The Social Network. Have you seen any of those?
Sean Connery and Cameron Diaz starred in Welcome to the Punch.
You're welcome
You're welcome!
Sure! She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign, you might like that one.
It's a non-fiction book. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Sure! Do you like it because it's a drama?
Hugh Jackman starred in Wolverine. The movie starred Hugh Jackman as Wolverine. Do you like his movies?
You're welcome
Alejandro Amenábar is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Barcelona and the Spain national team.
He was influenced by Kurt Vonnegut Jr. and has starred in both of them.
Yes, he starred in a lot of action, crime, drama, and comedy genres.
Hugh Jackman starred in both of them. He also starred in Jumanji.
I sure can! Epatha Merkerson wrote The Secret Life of Bees which is a Psychological Thriller. Do you like that genre?
The Six Wives of Henry Lefay is a fantasy and drama. Do you like that genre?
The Six Wives of Henry Lefay and Terminator 2 are dramas you might enjoy.
Yes, Steven D. Levitt is the author of SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling
Cool! Stephen J. Dubner also wrote SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling
I have not, but I know that Duanesburg is a town in New York.
Yes, Stephen D. Dubner also wrote SuperFreakonomics: Global Cooling, Patriotic Prostitutes, and Why Suicide Bombers Should Buy Life Insurance
Edgar Wright wrote The War of the Worlds. It is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
Yes, it is speculative fiction and science fiction.
Cloverfield is a great Sci-Fi movie. Did you know he also starred in The World's End?
Yes, Coldplay is a band with Justin Timberlake. Do you like their music?
Sure, its a great movie starring Denzel Washington
Yes, I can tell you that there is also 18th thing
Laini Taylor wrote Dreams of Gods & Monsters and Days of Blood & Blood
Yes, it was released in 2014 - the same year Dreams of Gods & Monsters was released. It is a Fantasy/Comedy.
It came out in 2014. I think you will enjoy them.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, he's a good basketball player. He won the NBA All-Rookie of the Year Award.
That's right. I think he won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award.
I have not seen TV, but I heard he is a good basketball player. Do you like basketball?
Yes, he starred in the movies Grindhouse and Death Proof. Have you seen those?
It is a Zombie Film, starring Rob Zombie and is a Thriller.
Sure. He also starred in Grindhouse, which is a Crime Fiction Film.
Sure Big Fish was written by John August and he also wrote Titan A.E.
Yes, he also starred in Windtalkers, Wag the Dog, and Transformers. Any of those sound interesting?
Sure. Have you seen Welcome to Sarajevo or Your Highness? They are both romance films.
You are welcome. Have a Great Day!
Phil LaMarr starred in X-Men Origins: Wolves of the Calla and The Golden Compass.
Sure, Zambezia also starred Reese Witherspoon, Margaret Stohl, and Margaret Stohl to name a few. Do you like those actors?
It is a drama, do you want me to add it to your list?
You're welcome!
Yes, the Nets are a basketball team. The Nets are a professional basketball team based in Chicago, Illinois
That is a sci-fi adventure. Do you like action movies?
He is a great actor. If you like action movies you should check out Toy Story 3.
It also stars Xander Berkeley and Tom Hanks
Sure, I Love You was written by Cecelia Ahern who also wrote This is the End.
Do you like Voyager because it is a romance novel?
Yes, you are correct, it is a Romance novel.
Glad to help out!
Yes she is a tennis player. She was born in Mumbai and plays the Mumbai Indians. Do you like tennis?
I don't follow tennis, but I do know that Serena Williams sisters are from Mumbai.
I have seen her in the movie Hair Show. Did you know she is also a model?
He starred in Looking for Richard
These films are Action and Drama.
Yes, he also starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which is a thriller.
Sure! Do you like books written by Jane Austen or the Romance genre?
Yes, it was written by Stephen King and is a speculative fiction.
Yes, she also wrote Sense and Sensibility a satire
You're welcome!
Yes, she is a singer and songwriter.
I don't know of any of her songs, but A Thousand Years is a popular song by Christina Perri.
That was the year that released You Are Not So Smart
Your welcome
I do, he starred in a lot of action movies. Do you like action movies?
If you like crime fiction, I would recommend The Hurt Locker starring Edgar Ramirez. Have you seen it?
No they were not, but The Bourne Ultimatum was also written by Mark Boal.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Sure! He starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Lorax. Have you seen them?
Sure. Unaccompanied Minors starred Mindy Kaling and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Sure. You might like The Lorax, which is a drama.
Sure. Unaccompanied Minors is added to the watch list.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he is an animation director. Do you like animation films?
It's a Romance film starring Tim Pigott-Smith.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I do. It was written by John Green and stars William Peter Blatty. It is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Leo Tolstoy also wrote and starred in the movie Boyhood.
I'm not sure. However, Leo Tolstoy also starred in Selena Gomez which is a drama.
You're welcome!
Sure! Do you like books written by Stephenie Meyer?
Yes she did. She also wrote The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner.
Your welcome
Sure, it was written by Justin Timberlake and stars Justin Cronin and Justin Timberlake. It is a a Social Network.
Yes, he starred in The Social Network a biographical film
Rashida Jones also starred in The Social Network
Your welcome
Sure, Jeremy Tambling is an author who wrote a famous book called David Copperfield.
Jeremy Tambling has written many good books. My favorite would be Watership Down. Have you read it?
Have you read The Temple of My Familiar? It's similar to Zadie Smith.
John Carpenter directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13.
The Fog stars John Carpenter and is a science fiction film. It was released in 2011.
Yes, she also starred in a tv show called the Apostle.
Escape from New York is a drama. It's directed by John Carpenter.
The Fellowship of the Ring written by J.R.R. Tolkien. He also wrote The Fellowship of the Ring.
It was written by Roald Dahl who also wrote Lord of the Rings
He also wrote Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring
The Matrix was released in 2003 and starred Keanu Reeves who also starred in The Matrix Revisited
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski and stars Keanu Reeves. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
Inception stars Keanu Reeves, Michael Gaston, Michael Gaston
A Wrinkle in Time is a science fiction film written by Madeleine L'Engle and is part of a series. Do you like science fiction?
If you like Young-adult fiction, you might also like The Witching Hour. Have you read that one?
Yes, it is. It was written by Sarah Dessen and is a Young-adult fiction.
The Maze Runner is a children's book. If you like young-adult fiction, I would recommend The Scorch Trials.
I believe it was released in 1974.
You're welcome.
Yes, Ayush Mahesh Khedkar starred in The Armenian Genocide
Slumdog Millionaire has genre Thriller.
Swarup was released in 2008.
You're welcome
Aidan Turner wrote The Hobbit: The Battle of the Ages and The Shadow Rising. Have you read those?
Aidan Turner also starred in the Harry Potter series. Have you seen that one?
The genre is fiction
X-Men: Days of Future Past
Golden compass
Have you read any of his other books by Roald Dahl?
Zoe's Tale is a great book written by John Scalzi and is speculative fiction.
Yes, Zoe's Tale is speculative fiction and so is Zoe's Tale.
The Goldfinch is written by Donna Tartt and released in 2013.
Yes, she won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes she did. She also wrote a fiction book called The Secret History.
Yes, from the United States of America.
You're welcome
Me Before You is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
The Ship of Brides was also written by Jojo Moyes, who also wrote Bridesmaids.
I think you'll enjoy them.
Yes, it was written by John Green and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Yep, he also wrote Paper Towns. Are you interested in either of those?
Yep. Did you know Sam Trammell starred in Paper Towns? He also wrote Looking for Alaska.
Yep, they are both young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure, F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote The Curious Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories.
Yes, it is. It's a speculative fiction novel.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy!
Sure! He starred in Dead Poets Society. Have you seen that one?
Yes, The Goon is a great movie starring Tom Hanks, do you like him?
The Goon is starring Jack Goon he also starred in Black Hat
You are welcome
Pan's Labyrinth was written by Guillermo del Toro
Yes, it does have a English subtitle and it's a Spanish language.
I'm not sure about the movie, but I do know that it was directed by Guillermo del Toro.
Have you seen The Golden Compass or The Darkest Whispers?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, he wrote The Water is Wide and The Prince of Tides. Have you read those?
Did you know that George Carlin starred in Kate Nelligan? He's a great actor.
Yes, Michael York also wrote Sense and Sensibility a Vampire Chronicles.
Yes, I like Frédéric Mugler. He wrote  which was released a while ago.
I haven't seen it a long time ago but I have heard of it. I haven't read it yet, but I heard it's a good movie.
Yes, I do like dramas. Did you know Francis Ford Coppola also produced The Godfather Part II?
Robert Duvall also starred in The Apostle.
Sure, Sean Penn wrote that and it was released in 1999.
Yes, Sean Penn wrote The Thin Red Line, which is a Thriller starring Sean Penn.
I recommend True Blood if you haven't seen it already.
He's a good basketball player. Did you know that he's from San Francisco?
Yes, Tom Hooper directed The Damned United and The Damned United
Sure, one of my favorites is The Invisible Man, have you seen that one?
Have a great day!
I think he's a great singer and songwriter. Do you like him?
I think he's a good singer and songwriter. I think he's married to a woman. Do you like her music?
I agree. I think he's a good singer. I think he's from Honolulu. What's his music?
Yes, I agree. I think he's a great artist.
I don't know much about soccer, but I know that it's a German sports club. Do you like soccer?
They were the coachs of that team. I don't follow soccer closely, but I know that they play in Munich.
Yes, they won the 2009 UEFA Champions League Final and the 2009 PGA Championship.
The Maze Runner series is a young adult fiction. Do you like fiction?
The author is J.K. Rowling
You're welcome
Sure! Arundhati Roy wrote The God of Small Things. Have you read that one?
It's a fantasy novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it was released in 2005 and is a great movie.
You're welcome
The Secret Life of Bees is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It was written by Sue Grafton and is a fiction
what else can i answer for you?
She wrote Dracula. Do you like female authors?
Do you like books by Nina Auerbach? She wrote The Invisible Man.
Well, if you like her, you might like Anna Kournikova. Have you heard of her?
You're welcome
Yes, it is written by J.R.R. Tolkien and is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
It was written by J.R.R. Tolkien, who also wrote The Good Doctor
He sure did. He also starred in The Good Doctor.
I think they're a great team but I prefer the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like them?
Not really. I'm more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan. What about you?
Yup, their owner is Jerry Jones. He also owns the Houston Texans and he owns the Houston Texans.
Julian Glover starred in Troy, have you seen that one?
Emily Bronte, Emily Bronte and Emily Bronte also starred in Wuthering Heights.
It came out in July of this year!
Sure! Wuthering Heights is written by Emily Bronte and stars Emily Bronte and Emily Bronte. It was released in 1847.
Pearl S. Buck wrote The Good Earth which is a Historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 1946 which is a Historical period drama. Do you like that genre?
The Waves was written in English and is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, she is. Did you know she lost to Serena Williams?
I know she is a professional tennis player, but I don't really follow tennis, but I know she starred in Hair Show.
Oh, I agree. What's your favorite team?
Yeah, he is a very good cricketer and he won the 2012 PGA Championship.
Sure, it was written by Thomas Christensen and released in 1989. Are you familiar with this author?
I am not certain, but I can tell you that Thomas Christensen wrote the same year as The Chronicles of Riddick.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy!
You're welcome!
Sure, do you like Fantasy or Action movies?
Yes X-Men 2 is written by Zak Penn
Incident at Loch Ness
Your welcome
Crazy, Stupid Love is written by Dan Fogelman who also wrote Crazy, Stupid Love
Well, Ryan Gosling starred in Crazy, Stupid Love. He also starred in Crazy, Stupid Love.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy them.
Sure! He wrote Cycle of the Werewolf. Have you read that one?
He is American. He also wrote The Stand.
The Dead Zone is a fantasy novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he has starred in both of his movies
Forrest Gump starring Tom Hanks is a Romance film
Tom Hanks starred in The Post which is a Romance Film
I am not sure, but Larry Crowne is a popular Christmas movie starring Tom Hanks.
Great! I hope you enjoy them!
You're welcome!
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets was written by J.K. Rowling who also wrote Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince.
Yes, it's considered a mystery as well.
It does star Pierre Perrier, who also starred in Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
I am not a huge football fan but I do like their coach Pete Carroll. Do you like them?
I don't know much about the Seahawks, but I do know that they are owned by Bud Adams and owned by Bud Adams.
Yes, their stadium is too loud. It has a lot of twists and turns.
Stargirl was written by Jerry Spinelli who also wrote Girl with a Pearl Earring.
Sure! Jerry Spinelli wrote Milkweed and Maniac Magee and was released in 2005.
Sure! Wicked Lovely is a young-adult fiction and was released in 1995.
I think he's a good tennis player but I think he lost to Rafael Nadal in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Yes, he has a record 23 grand slapstick titles in the NBA.
I agree. Who is your favorite tennis player?
Mary GrandPre is a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
J.K. Rowlings wrote those books.
Sure! Do you like books written by Liane Moriarty or other books by her?
Yes, she did. That one was also written by Jonathan Kellerman.
You're welcome!
I think they're a good team but I prefer the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks, my favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks.
They have a good season so far!
I agree. He's a great quarterback though.
Yes, he starred in X-Men: First Class. Have you seen it?
Sure. Stan Lee also wrote X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
The Incredible Hulk stars Robert Downey Jr. and Samuel L. Jackson.
Sure, she wrote The Hiding Place. That was a good read.
The Hiding Place has a Non-fiction, Autobiography and Autobiography.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy!
Noah Emmerich starred in Windtalkers. what else can i answer for you?
You might like The Warrior's Way, starring Noah Emmerich. Have you seen that one?
Okay, enjoy!
Ok, enjoy the movie!
He directed The Lego Movie
I don't know who starred in 22 Jump Street, but Phil Lord wrote and directed that movie.
Yes, he was in White House Down.
You're welcome.
It was written and directed by Sean Penn. Do you like Sean Penn?
Great, I think you will enjoy it!
Yes, she did. She also starred in No Strings Attached.
You're welcome!
Did you like it because it was written by Cameron Diaz or because it was a Science Fiction?
Then you might like World War Z, have you seen that one?
Zombieland is starring Max Brooks, who also starred in The Return of the Living Dead
I don't know when he was released, but he also starred in The Last Samurai
Sure! Anita Diamant wrote The Red Tent, The Last Days of Future Past and The Boston Girl. Have you read those?
Yes! Another good book by Anita Diamant is Insurgent. Have you read that one?
You're welcome!
A Little Princess was written by Nacy Bond and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The King of Attolia was written by William Shakespeare and released in 1843.
Yes, Welcome to the Monkey House, Welcome to the Monkey House, Welcome to the Monkey House and Welcome to the Monkey House.
A Farewell to Arms was written by Ernest Hemingway and is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You might like To Kill a Mockingbird, written by Ernest Hemingway, it is a Fiction Novel.
To Have and Have Not was also written by Ernest Hemingway. It is a Fiction Novel that is similar to A Farewell to Arms.
Groundhog Day was written by Charlize Theron and stars Tom Cruise. Do you like any of these actors?
It had a big cast, including Bill Murray and Rosario Dawson.
Yes he was in Ghostbusters
Your welcome
I think they are a good band. What do you like about them?
Sure, it was written by Stephen King and starring Tom Hanks. Do you like action movies?
Green Lantern is starring Tom Hanks. Tom Hanks also stars in it. Do you like Tom Cruise?
Yes, it is. The movie starred Hugh Jackman as well as Hugh Jackman.
Yes she was in Seven Sons. She also starred in a movie starring Will Smith.
Sure, he directed The Man who also wrote and starred in Zoom which is a drama.
Yes, he also starred in the movie The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
I am not sure when he started. He is a comedy/drama.
You're welcome.
The Ocean at the End of the Lane is written by Neil Gaiman and released in 2013. Are you familiar with Neil Gaiman?
It was written by Neil Gaiman and released in 2013.
You are welcome.
I know it was written by Joel Coen, and he starred in No Country for Old Men.
He was also in The Jungle Book and in The Hunted, among others.
I am not sure who directed it but I do know he is also a director.
Did you like the Dictator because it starred Tom Hanks?
It's a romantic comedy starring Tom Hanks.
Yes, it is a war film and a spy film.
You're welcome
Me Before You was written by Quentin Tarantino.
Jojo Moyes also wrote The Ship of Brides and The One Plus One. Have you read those?
You are welcome.
Alexandre Dumas wrote The Comte de Monte-Cristo
Yes, he was. He also wrote Count of Monte Cristo.
Well, the Count of Monte Cristo would be a good novel if you like romance novels.
You're welcome!
Sure, he wrote Who Moved My Cheese and The Time Traveler's Wife.
Yes, that is a great movie starring Tom Cruise. Do you like Tom Cruise?
I have not, but I know that Peter Capaldi starred in a lot of action movies. Do you like action movies?
Great, I think you will enjoy it!
Sure. She wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and The Great Gilly Hopkins. Have you read those?
Yes, The Great Gilly Hopkins has a sequel called The Great Gilly Hopkins. Do you like children's literature?
You are welcome. Hope you enjoy!
Have you seen the X-Men series?
Ok! Some thrillers in that genre include The Hunger Games: Catching Fire, Catching Fire, and Catching Fire.
Shark Night stars Kyla Pratt and Joel David Moore to name a few.
Yes, Jamie McGuire wrote Wicked Lovely which is a Speculative Fiction.
Walking Disaster has a genre Speculative Fiction and Fantasy.
Yes, Walking Disaster is a Thriller.
You are welcome
The Matrix Reloaded starred Keanu Reeves and Laurence Fishburne. Would you like more information about this movie?
Then you might enjoy The Matrix Reloaded or The Devil's Advocate.
The Matrix Reloaded is starring Keanu Reeves, who also starred in The Matrix Reloaded.
You're welcome!
Yes, she is a lyricist. Do you like him?
Yes she did and she also won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Choreography.
Yes it is, and it is on the bucket list as well.
Lana Wachowski starred in The Matrix Revisited. Have you seen that one?
I have a few good romances like Speed Racer and Bound, have you seen those?
Yes, it is a good Romance film. Do you like that genre?
Blood Promise is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
She also wrote Frostbite: The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian and the Beast
I am not sure who wrote Vampire Academy: The Novel of Richelle Mead, have you read that one?
Yes, he did
Sure! Do you like Mission Impossible because it is a Action/Adventure movie?
Do you like it because it's a Fantasy?
The Lego Movie was released in 2014 and also starred Will Ferrell and Morgan Freeman. Both are very good movies!
Will Ferrell starred in The Lego Movie, which is a Thriller. You might enjoy that one as well.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Tom Skerritt starred in Ted.
Ted Danson is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome
Sure, Maruice Hindle wrote The Sense and Sensibility. Have you read that?
Yes, that is a great book by Maurice Hindle.
Yes they were both written in English, most of the books are written in English.
Gustave Flaubert wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror
It was originally published in 1856, and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, she did. She also wrote the book Madame Bovary.
Yes, she is very talented. My favorite team is the Philadelphia Eagles. Do you like this team?
Well, I don't know much about football, but I know the Dallas Cowboys are owned by Virginia Halas McCaskey.
I love baseball, baseball, and baseball. My favorite team is the Redskins. I like baseball, too.
Yes, there is a Toy story movie starring Tom Hanks.
Toy Story 3 and Tim Allen starred in Toy Story 3.
Yes, it is a great movie!
Yes, will do!
Blake Griffin is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Do you like basketball?
I don't watch sports either. I think he's from Guadalajara. I like basketball movies like Space Jam
I'm more of a baseball fan. What sports do you like?
Sure, it was directed by David Ayer and stars Tom Hanks. It was released in 2012.
William Sanderson also starred in Battlefield Earth which is a science fiction film.
I agree, it's very entertaining! It's more of a thriller and suspense movie. It's more of a thriller.
Bood Diamond starred Scarlett Johansson and Robert Downey Jr.
He is a great actor. He starred in the romantic comedy The Messenger which is a great movie.
I would recommend "The Wolf of Wall Street" if you haven't seen it already.
Sure, James Nesbitt starred in Match Point. Have you seen that one?
It's a romance and drama.
The Way is a drama. It also starred Channing Tatum and Morgan Freeman.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Law Abiding Citizen is written by Kurt Wimmer and a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Well, Roger Bart also starred in The Sworn Sword. Have you heard of that movie?
Then you might like Catch-22 which is a psychological thriller that you might like.
Did you like the fifth element because it was written by Christopher Nolan?
The fifth element is The Gathering Storm
You're welcome
Yes, I love her. My favorite Pink song is What About You. Do you like it?
I am not sure of any of her songs, but I do know that she has a good voice. She has a very good voice.
Did you know that Lady Gaga has a very good voice?
Sure. Carlos Ruiz Zafon wrote The Little Prince. Have you read that one?
It's a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Yes, I believe it was a translated version of the book.
Anita Diamant wrote The Red Tent and The Red Tent. Have you read those?
It is fiction
Anita Diamant wrote The Red Tent, The Last Days of Downtown
Your welcome
Sure! Do you like it because it's a Crime Fiction Film?
Yes, The Untouchables is a mafia movie. Another mafia movie you might like is The World's End.
It's a great movie, have you seen The Godfather 2?
It is starring Robert De Niro and Julia Roberts
You are welcome
Yes, it was written by Preston and directed by Roland Emmerich. Do you like his work?
I am not sure, but it is a drama
The Bourne Identity is a similar Drama movie
It is directed by David Ayer and was released in 2012
You are welcome
Sure, she wrote Dream Dark and Beautiful Redemption. Have you read those?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, it would qualify as Young Adult Fiction as well as Fantasy, as well as romance.
Glad to help!
Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time is a Fantasy/Comedy/drama. Do you like those genres?
The Looking Glass Wars is a great fantasy movie. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure who stars in that movie, but I know it's directed by Chris Rock.
You're welcome
Sure! That book was written by Sophie Kinsella and released in 2005. She also wrote Wedding Night and The Undomestic Goddess.
She wrote Wedding Night, Twenties Girl and The Undomestic Goddess.
It's a romantic comedy.
You're welcome!
Kristin Cashore wrote Graceling, Fire, Bitterblue. Have you read any of these?
Yes,It is a romance novel
Cashore is the author of Voyager
No problem
Yes, I have read The Search.
It was released in 1927
Yes it was
I am not a huge fan of football, but I do know that he plays for the Belgium National Football team.
I don't know much about soccer, I prefer American football, I am more of a soccer fan. What about you?
I like baseball, but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys! What is yours?
Yes, he starred in The Social Network and The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen those?
No, I haven't seen it but I do know that he directed and starred in Full Frontal and that's a great movie.
Yes, he also directed Half Broke Horses: A True Life Novel which is a drama.
Yes i do one of them is Shackleton. Have you seen it?
Kevin McNally, Kenneth Branagh also starred in Shackleton.
It came out in 2004.
William Goldman starred in The Bourne Identity. Have you seen that one?
He wrote speculative fiction and fantasy.
If you like thrillers, you should read Shark Night. It is a drama.
You are welcome.
Sarah Dressen has written a number of famous books including Throne of Glass and The Assassin's Blade. Are you familiar with those?
I'm not sure, but The Truth About Forever is very good read.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Emma Stone and Emma Stone starred in The Amazing Spider-Man.
Yes, he is. He also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man
Yes, Rashida Jones did. He also starred in The Social Network: The Social Network.
You're welcome
Yes, he wrote the book called Things Fall Apart.
Have you read anything by Chinua Achebe?
Yes, I did see that. I really liked Wintersmith. It is a great movie.
You are welcome have a great day!
Sure! Do you like Pulp Fiction because it's a thriller?
Yes! Jamie Foxx starred in that movie.
Your welcome
Sure, Mitch Alborn wrote The Time Traveler's Wife and The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you read those?
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre Thriller
Yes, do you like fiction books? Mitch Alborn is one of my favorites.
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski and stars Keanu Reeves who also starred in V for Vendetta.
Ninja Assassin stars Keanu Reeves and Laurence Fishburne.
I'm not a huge fan of the Weekend but I do like The Weekend. The Weekend stars Vince Vaughn and Bill Murray.
Alright! Isn't Echoes of Silence by John Green?
Yeah, they have great song and they have great songs too!
A Time to Kill is written by John Grisham and is a Thriller. Do you like those genres?
Yes, he wrote a lot of thrillers and also stared in a lot of action genres.
The Bret Moon was released in 2009.
I am not sure about that but I can suggest some other suspense thrillers if you like.
I'm not sure, but The Vanished Man was written in English.
You're welcome
Yes, it was written by Dr Seuss who also wrote The Cat in the Hat, Hop on Pop and Hop on Pop.
The Cat in the Hat, Horton Hears a Who! and The Lorax! Have you read those?
Yes, Yertle the Turtle and There's a Wocket in My Pocket are very good books by Dr. Seuss.
You're welcome!
Yes, I agree. He's a great singer and songwriter. Do you like his music?
I do like Maroon 5. Do you like his music?
I don't watch any of the X Factor movies. I like Adam Levine and Adam Levine. Do you like Adam Levine?
He starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Yes, it's considered a sci-fi.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, it is written by William Shakespeare and is a horror novel. Do you like horror novels?
He also wrote Romeo and Juliet, A Midsummer Night's Dream, and A Midsummer Night's Dream.
You might like Romeo and Juliet by William Shakespeare. He also wrote Romeo and Juliet, which is a Fantasy.
You're welcome.
Yes, Anthony Hopkins starred in The Story of a Happy Marriage. Have you seen that one?
Yes bobby is a drama film
It was released in 2003
Anthony Hopkins starred in the movie called Bobby
You are welcome
He wrote Wizard and Glass and The Graveyard Book.
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Absolute Sandman: The Ender's Game.
He was influenced by Ken Follett and Roger Allam, who also starred in the Harry Potter series.
Yes, he writes children's literature in some genres as well.
You're welcome
It is a romance and stars Scarlett Johansson and Matt Letscher. Do you like romance movies?
Scarlett Johansson starred in The Good Girl and Ghostbusters. Have you seen those?
Great! I hope you enjoy those!
Yes, Scarlett Johansson also stars in The Prestige along with Nathaniel Hawthorn
It's a great movie!
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a very good movie starring Vivica A. Fox and David Carradine. Have you seen it?
Yes, Uma Thurman starred in that movie. Did you know she also starred in Kill Bill: Vol. 1?
Yes, he did. He also starred in Pulp Fiction, have you seen it?
The Tennessee Titans are a professional American football team based in Chicago, Illinois
I don't know much about Bud Adams, I know he was influenced by the Tennessee Titans.
I agree, he was a widower as well. He passed away in 1947.
He starred in The Apostle. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he did. He also wrote the Apostle Apostle.
Sure, if you like Indie and Comedy, you might also like the Apostle Apostle starring Valerie Tian.
Christina Perri is a musician, songwriter, and musician. Some of her songs include a Thousand Years and A Thousand Years.
no i didn't know that. what else do you like?
Wayman : Compossible: A Thousand Years? is a good one.
great prize. do you like any other sports?
I think he's a great singer and songwriter. What do you like about him?
Do you have a favorite song by him?
I haven't heard of that one, but I do like his music. He's a very talented person.
Yes, The Fellowship of the Ring was written by J.R.R. Tolkien.
Yes, he was in The Fellowship of the Ring starring Orlando Bloom
Christopher Lee also starred in The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring
The Battle of Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Ok. The Titan's Curse is written by Rick Riordan. Are you familiar with his work?
Mythology is speculative fiction. What genre do you like?
You're welcome!
He directed The Simpsons Movie. Have you seen that one?
Sure, The Simpsons Movie has genre Comedy. He also directed and starred in it.
Great! He also wrote and starred in Then Came Love. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
Jennifer L. Armentrout has written several books including Wicked and White Hot Kiss.
Yes, you are correct. Wicked was released in 1985 and is a play.
Yes, Jennifer L. Armentrout authored White Hot Kiss. Wicked was co-authored by her.
You're welcome
Yes, Mhari Calvery starred in The Power of Thinking Without Thinking.
Rosanna Arquette starred in Braveheart with Mhari Calvery. She also starred in Apocalypse Now
It was released in 2005.
You're welcome
Yes, he wrote The Bone Clocks and The Lost Symbol. Have you read those?
It was written in English and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Bone Clocks was written by David Mitchell. It's a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
No problem.
Sure, he directed Super. He also directed Super. Have you seen it?
It's a great movie. James Gunn starred in it as well as Eddie Redmayne and Eddie Redmayne.
He also starred in the movie Friends with Benefits, another great one.
Ok great. Hope you enjoy them.
Paul Werstine wrote The Merchant of Venice and The Merchant of Venice. Have you read those?
Yes, that is correct. He also wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream
I don't have access to that information right now. Sorry.
Yes, Elysium is a action thriller starring Matt Damon and was released in 2012.
Yes, it's a great movie. If you like Science Fiction I think you'd like it.
I have seen him in the movie The Truth About Forever, have you seen it?
There's Interstellar, Gravity, and Inception.
Thank you
I am not sure about his last album, but I do know he starred in Friends with Benefits.
The Thrill of It was released in 2016 and the Thrill of It was also released in 2016.
I like him a lot. My favorite artist is American Idol. I like him as well.
I like them. My favorite band is American Idol. I like them. What about you?
He wrote рестуление и накаание.
World War Z
The Genre is fantasy
I think he is a Brazilian jiu-jitsu champion?
He also plays for the Brazilian national team. I think he's from Brazil.
Yes, she is. She also starred in a popular sport called The Mechanic.
He wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes
Stephen Hawking wrote a book called The Universe in a Nutshell. Would you like to know more about this book?
It has a very good cast, including David O'Brien and Chris Hemsworth.
Glad to be of help
I like his song New Perspective. What's your favorite song of his?
Under the Tuscan Sun was written by Frances Mayes. Would you like other books by this author?
Under the Tuscan Sun was released in 1997.
Under Magnolia was released in 1997.
Sure, Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier, The Pacifier, and The Pacifier. Have you seen any of those?
The Pacifier is a Thriller, action and adventure film.
Underdog is a crime drama.
You're welcome!
City of God is a drama. Do you like dramas or crime movies?
The Escapist is a thriller starring Seu Jorge. Seu Jorge starred in The Negotiator.
Yes. He also starred in The House of God.
Sure. He wrote Thirteen Days of Future Past. Have you read that one?
You might like Wildwood Dancing or Wildwood Dancing.
You should check out When the Wind Blows by John Green as well.
The Dead and the Gone was released in 1981.
You're welcome
City of Lost souls is written by Cassandra Clare.
Yes, that was the same year that The Mortal Instruments was released.
The Mortal Instruments was released in 2011. Another good year was The Shadows Rising.
You are so welcome. Have a Great Day!
Sure! The Historian is a great suspense thriller written by Elizabeth George Speare. Do you like her work?
Sure. The second book in the suspense series is The Last Battle
If you like thrillers, you should check out Without Fail by Sean Penn. It is also a thriller.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Did you like it because it's a drama?
Yes, he sure did. He also starred in The Shinning. Have you seen that one?
It's a Romance film.
You're welcome
Sure. Did you like the movie because it was written by Arthur Conan Doyle?
The genre of the movie is crime fiction and drama.
Yes, Val Kilmer starred in that movie along with Tom Cruise.
You are welcome.
Sure! He directed Snow White and the Huntsman. Have you seen that one?
Yes she did, she also starred in that movie
They both wrote and produced Snow White and the Huntsman.
You are welcome
The Son of Neptune is a Greek mythology book written by Rick Riordan.
It's a great book written by Rick Riordan. Did you know that it's part of the series?
You're welcome!
I agree, The Weeknd is boring. Did you know that he's a friend with Selena Gomez?
Oh yea, that's right! The Muppets is a great movie. Did you know she also starred in Princess Protection Program and The Princess Protection Program?
Did you know that he starred in The Muppets with Jim Carrey?
I like her a little bit. Did you know she was in The Muppets?
Yes, I like Will Smith in that movie, have you seen The Pursuit of Happyness?
Yes, he was in that movie as well. He also starred in The Perfect Score. Have you seen it?
Sure. He starred in You, Me, and Dupree. Have you seen either of those?
If you like As Good As It Get, you might also like You've Got Mail or You've Got Mail
Yes Man is a great movie. Do you like it because it's written by James L. Brooks?
Sure! Evan Goldberg is a director and a director. He directed The Interview
Great, I hope you enjoy the film!
Yes, This is the End is a drama and drama, do you like those types of movies?
You are welcome
Yes, John G. Avildsen wrote The Karate Kid and The Golden Compass.
The Karate Kid starred in the Karate Kid. He also starred in The Devil Wears Prada. Have you seen that one?
I am not sure who starred in the Last Dragon, but I know that Sylvester Stallone wrote and starred in it as well.
Yes, she is. She also starred in The Cosby Show.
You are welcome
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
Kind of, Comedy Genre
Apocalypse Now is a similar movie
There are 3 parts in this series including the Harry Potter series
Yes, the director is J.K. Rowling
You are welcome
The Clan of the Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
Have you read anything by Jean M Auel? He also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Valley of Horses.
Sure! The Shelters of Stone is a Fantasy novel written by John Green, and is part of a series.
Zoe's Tale is a great book written by John Scalzi and is part of a series.
You're welcome!
Sure. Derek Jacobi starred in a lot of action movies. Do you like action movies?
I am not sure who else starred in Unforgivable Blackness, but Derek Jacobi also starred in it.
Yes, he did. He also starred in the movie The Rock, a great movie.
Yes, he also starred in a lot of movies.
Yes, I do. He plays for the Kolkata Knight Riders and the Indian National Cricket team. Have you heard of them?
Yes, I like football. What's your favorite team?
No, but I do like tennis. I like tennis better than golf.
Wow, I didn't know that. What sport do you like?
I think he's a good basketball player but I don't really follow him. How about you?
Oh yea, I like Larry Bird too. He's a good actor. He's a great actor.
I haven't seen that one, but I know Ivan Reitman directed and produced it!
I agree. The Denver Broncos are having a good year. Their coach John Fox seems very effective.
Sure. The Sea of Monsters was written by Rick Riordan.
The Lightning Theif is speculative fiction
The Lightning Thief is also written by Rick Riordan
Have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror?
This Side of Paradise was released in 1851, have you read it?
He also wrote The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Great Gatsby. Have you read those?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Michael Crichton is a speculative fiction writer. Do you like that genre?
I'm sorry I don't have anymore writers related to Crichton.
Robin Cook is a speculative fiction written by Stephen King and a thriller.
You're welcome
Well, if he likes it, I think you'd like The Incredibles
Yes he did. Jason Lee also starred in The Incredibles. He's a great actor.
You're welcome
Have you read David Copperfield? It is written by Jeremy Tambling.
Yes, it is a biography.
Sure Jeremy Tambling : Film Executive Produced the biography: David Copperfield
Sure, he's a great composer and songwriter. Do you like any of his music?
Yes, he sang this one
I sure can! He's a very good person and also a good person.
It was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr and is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure! Do you like books written by Hilda Rosner or speculative fiction genres?
The Thief of Always was written by Virginia Woolf and is a young-adult fiction.
He has also written The Thief Of All the Way Down and The Thief of Always.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a great movie starring Orlando Bloom and Billy Boyd. Do you like any of these actors?
Then you might also like The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian by Arthur C. Clarke.
I haven't heard of that one. I think he's an excellent tennis player.
Sure! The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was written by Arthur Conan Doyle who also wrote The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes. Do you like this author?
Great! Have a great day!
It's a Mystery book.
Yes, it is a short story.
The Girl on the Train was written by Paula Hawkins and Paula Hawkins. Do you like Paula Hawkins?
The Perfect Game was written by Paula Hawkins and Paula Hawkins.
I'm not sure, but The Girl on the Train was filmed in Mexico.
I'm not familiar with his music, but I know he's a singer. Do you like his music?
I do like her fathers music. Do you know he was influenced by Sean Connery?
Yes, I do like her. She starred in a lot of people like her music, like Selena Gomez
Yes, I do. He directed The Scorpion King. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Nora Dunn starred in Three Kings, have you seen that one?
You might like The Women of Brewster Place, have you seen that one
You are welcome
Sure, Where the Heart Is was written by Billie Letts and released in 1995.
Yes, Christopher Bigsby also wrote the Crucible, have you read it?
Yes, All My Sons is considered a drama as well
Christopher Bigsby also wrote A Christmas Carol, which is a drama
You're welcome
Sure, he starred in The Girl Next Door, which is a Romantic Comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, she was in that movie as well.
Yes, she was in a movie called Sweet Home Alabama which is a romance film.
Yes, it is a great movie. I think you will enjoy it.
You're welcome!
He directed The Legend of Tarzan and Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
He also starred in Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, which is a very well-known film.
You're welcome!
Joseph Heller starred in The Skulls. Have you seen that?
Another Historical fiction book you might enjoy is The House of Seven Gables
You're welcome
Sure, Stefan Kapicic starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
It has a great cast, including Jada Pinkett Smith, Sam Shepard, and Michael Phelps.
It's a great lead film. Ed Skrein is Thriller, Sci-Fi, Drama.
Yes, do you like books by J.K. Rowling?
One of my favorites is the Harry Potter series
Sure. E. Lockhart wrote We Were Liars and The Disreputable History of Frankie Landaue-Banks
Yes, it is in English. Did you know that it was also made into a movie?
You are welcome
Interstellar is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
If you like sci-fi, you might also like Zombieland, X-Men: The Last Stand.
Yes, another good Sci-Fi movie you might like is Shark Night. Have you seen this one?
It stars Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Great, I would also recommend Zombieland, have you seen this one yet?
I do! He starred in We Rode in Trucks and We Rode in Trucks.
I don't know, but I do like his song We Rode in Trucks.
I don't know, but I don't want this song to end up listening to that kind of music.
Sure, he directed Equilibrium and Equilibrium. Have you seen those?
Do you like Equilibrium? She directed by Kurt Wimmer.
She's great. Did you know that she starred in the movie Equilibrium?
You are welcome
Sure, he starred in The Verdict and The Count of Monte Cristo.
He also wrote Friends with Benefits
Crime Fiction
Do you like The Selection because it is written by Kiera Cass or because it is a Young-adult fiction?
She also wrote The Siren, The Prince, and The Prince. Have you read any of these?
Glad to help out!
You're welcome
Richard Linklater directed Waking Life. Waking Life. what else can i answer for you?
Yes, it is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes Ethan Hawke also starred in Welcome
Rich Moore directed Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
It was written by John Green and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
John Green also wrote Paper Towns.
Are you looking for other books by John Green?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
Good Will Hunting was directed by Matt Damon. Do you like dramas?
Yes, he did. He also directed Pretty Little Liars. Have you seen that one?
Yep! He also starred in My Own Private Idaho. He's a great actor.
Well there was a lot of in that movie, including Good Will Hunting. It's a great Indie Film!
David Sedaris wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames and When You Are Engulfed in Flames. Have you read those?
He is also a scientist and a cartoonist. He wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames and SantaLand Diaries. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes, Dorothy Parker was influenced by David Sedaris. He also wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames
Sure, it was written by E. Lockhart and released in 2014.
Sure. E. Lockhart wrote "The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks" and "The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks."
I am not sure, but I know it was released in 2014 and is a Drama/Fantasy genre.
You're welcome
Charles Frazier is an American filmmaker. He wrote Thirteen Ghosts and The Colditz Story. Have you seen those?
Thirteen Moons has a genre of Speculative Fiction.
It was written by Charles Frazier. He also wrote Thirteen Moons.
You are welcome.
I have never heard of them, are they a pop music band?
Oh yea, that's a good one. They're Rexird, Reese Witherspoon, and a few more.
Scott O'Dell starred in Island of the Blue Dolphins starring Tom Cruise
He wrote Island of the Blue Dolphins which was released in 1960.
Yes, he did. Éric-Emmanuel Schmitt is a writer and author.
Ma Long is a table tennis athlete from China. Are you a fan?
Yes, he was in the 2012 Olympics. He also participated in the 2012 Olympics.
You are welcome
Het Achterhuis: Dagboekbrieven 14 juni 1942 - 1 augustus 1944 - 1 augustus 1944
Yes, it is in English
Eleanor Roosevelt was influenced by a lot of people.
You're welcome
Did you like that movie because it was written by Nicholas Pileggi and Robert De Niro?
Goodfellas is starring Robert DeNiro. Robert DeNiro also starred in The Godfather. Have you seen that one?
Have you seen A Christmas Carol? It is a Romance film.
Oprah Winfrey, Robert DeNiro starred in What Just Happened.
Yes, it is written by Art Linson.
You are welcome!
Do you like 12 Angry Men because it's a drama?
Beneath is a female actress who starred in What Lies Beneath.
Sorry, I do not have that information.
You're welcome!
The Boston Celtics is a professional basketball team based in Chicago, Illinois
Yes I do. I like watching football. What about your favorite team?
I watch basketball from time to time. The Lakers were the best in the NBA Finals today.
Oh he's great! What's your favorite basketball player? I think he's a good player.
Yes, he starred in the Pianist. Have you seen that one?
Yes that is correct he was in that movie
Do you like action movies?
Yes, Natalie Babbitt wrote Tuck Everlasting, which is a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Tuck Everlasting is a children's book. It is a romance. Do you like children's literature?
Yes, Voyager is a romance novel. It is part of a series.
You are welcome.
The Perks of Being a Wallflower is written by Stephen Chbosky. Do you like Stephen Chbosky?
Roland Emmerich wrote The Perks of Being a Wallflower as well as The Day After Tomorrow. Have you seen those?
Yes, he did star in that movie along with Tom McCarthy
You are welcome!
I know that Basher Savage was in Gravity, have you seen it?
It was released in 2009.
Sorry, I don't have that information. Something else I can help you with?
Aeon Flux is a good Sci-Fi movie starring Alfonso Cuarón
You're welcome
I don't like Las Vegas, but I do know that they are coached by Mike Shanahan.
Did you know they moved to Oakland? I didn't realize that. They moved to Oakland, right?
Yes, they were both in the Super Bowl XII as well.
Yes, it was written by Christopher Nolan and is a thriller.
Yes, The Prestige is starring Scarlett Johansson
Rebecca Hall also starred in The Dark Knight Rises
You are welcome
Catch 22 is a war novel written by Joseph Heller and is a war novel. Do you like war books?
Yes, it is a war novel. Have you read it?
I don't know any similar books by Joseph Heller. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome
Yes, P.C. Cast wrote Tempted and Revealed.
It's a young adult fiction novel set in the wilderness.
You're welcome!
I haven't read A Tale of Two Cities. It's written by Richard Maxwell and is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is. It is also a fantasy novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Zadie Smith also wrote A Tale of Two Cities.
You are welcome.
Sure, John Lasseter directed The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus which is a drama. Do you like drama?
Toy Story 2 was released in 2005 and is a Romance film.
Yes, Peter Jacobson also starred in Deep Impact with Morgan Freeman.
You're welcome!
He starred in Ocean's Eleven. Have you seen that movie?
She was married to Hayden Panettiere who starred in Ocean's 8.
Yes, and he also starred in Remember the Titans.
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football franchise based in Denver Broncos, Pennsylvania. They are a professional American football franchise based in Denver, Pennsylvania.
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. What's your favorite team?
I think Alex Smith was the owner of the Redskins this year
That one was written by Terry Pratchett who also wrote The Last Hero. Have you read that one?
Terry Pratchet also wrote Wyrd Sisters
Have you read Witches Abroad or Witches Abroad?
He's on the Golden State Warriors. Do you like basketball?
I think he is 41 years old
Yes, he is very tall
You are welcome
Anthony Heald starred in The Silence of the Lambs. Have you seen that one?
I think so. Ted Tally also wrote and starred in Who's the Boss?
Great, would you like me to add that to your watch list?
You're welcome
Yes, I am a big fan of the action and adventure genre. Do you like action movies?
Yes, Shia Lebouf also starred in Revenge of the Fallen.
Shia Lebouf also starred in the Expendables. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he is an athlete who plays basketball as a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics.
Not really. I am more of a fan of the Lakers. How about you?
Yep, they were all the way back in the 90s.
Hush Hush Hush Hush is a great book. Have you heard of it?
Yes, it is a series
Yes, it is a Romance novel written by Philip Pullman
You're welcome!
Thank you
He is a golfer from London. Do you like golf?
I agree, he is a very good golfer. I think he won the 2007 PGA Championship and a few PGA Championships.
I have seen Happy Gilmore in a long time. I think he is a good actor
Well, I'm not a fan of the Miami Dolphins. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. What about you?
Oh, I've been a fan since I've been a fan since I've been a fan since I've been a fan since I haven't had a chance. Are they your team?
Oh my brother is a fan of theirs! They were the runner-up in Super Bowl XVII right?
Yes, he wrote Rayuela in 1963. Are you familiar with that book?
Rayuela was released in 1963 and is a speculative fiction.
You're welcome.
Anne-Marie is a singer. Is that a singer?
Yes she was in a science fiction movie called The Giver. Are you familiar with that?
That's interesting. Did you know it was based on a book by Jonathan Kellerman?
Are you referring to the book Looking for Alaska written by John Green?
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars.
John Green also wrote The Fault in Our Stars which is a Young adult fiction.
You're welcome
He starred in Breakfast at Tiffany's. Have you seen it?
Yes he did, he also starred in Murder by Death. He also starred in Truman Capote.
I have not seen it, but I know it was written by Justin Cronin and is very popular. I think he is a good writer as well.
Yes, he starred in Nathan Greno which is a drama. Do you like drama?
Mandy Moore was in that movie. He also starred in Mary Shelley's Frankenstein.
I would recommend True Greno if you like Animation.
Yes, he did. He also starred in a lot of other movies such as Tom Hanks and Chris Rock.
Yes, he was in Larry Crowne too! He's one of my favorite actors in that movie.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I have not read Artificial Intelligence, is it written by Philip Pullman and is a science fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Goonies starring Robin Williams is a Sci-Fi movie. Have you seen it?
The third Kind was released in 2006.
A Beautiful Mind starred Russell Crowe and Anthony Hopkins. It was a Thriller.
You're welcome. Have a great day.
He also starred in another great Sci-Fi film called The Mechanic.
You're welcome
The Godfather Part III stars Marlon Brando, Eddie Redmayne, and Al Pacino.
It was directed by Tim Burton and stars Al Pacino. Al Pacino.
No, Joe Mantegna did not direct The Godfather movie. He also directed The Scorpion King.
Yes he starred in The Godfather: Part III and The Son of No One.
Witless Protection is a drama and also a drama.
Sure! Witless Protection is a great Crime film, starring Al Pacino. Al Pacino also starred in it as well.
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is starring Al Pacino. Al Pacino stars in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which is a drama.
You are welcome!
Yes,Ann-Marie is a singer. Is that what you like?
Sure Anne-Marie is a singer like Selena Gomez
I am not sure but I do know she is also a singer.
Not really, I am more of a Linkin Park fan. What's your favorite song by them?
I am a fan of their old music, do you like any of their music?
I like dance music, do you like those kinds of music? I'm a fan of Bandits.
Sure. Craig T. Nelson starred in movies like Winnie-the-Pooh and When the Wind Blows.
Yes he did. He also starred in The Incredibles.
He starred in The Curious Case of Benjamin Button as well.
Tyrone Giordano starred in The Winter Soldier and The Hunted, among others.
I'm not sure, but I can tell you that Diane Keaton was in The Winter Soldier and The Hunted.
You're welcome!
Sylvia Plath wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath. Have you read it?
Yes, Sylvia Plath wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath, The Collected Poems, and The Bell Jar.
I don't have that information, but Sylvia Plath did write The Journals of Sylvia Plath.
I am not familiar with his most popular song, but I do know he was influenced by Michael Jackson.
No, I haven't heard of it. Speaking of Michael Jackson, did you know he also wrote Say, Say, Say, Say
Yep, it's a drama about the whale. It was written by John Lennon. I think he's a very good writer.
Sure, he directed Deadpool. Have you seen that one?
Deadpool is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I'm sorry I don't have access to that information right now.
Ben Stiller is a great actor!
He wrote II Principe
It's a non-fiction. Would you like to know more about it?
Have you read Il Principe by Niccol Machiavelli?
It was written by Niccol Machiavelli and released in 1513.
Sure, he starred in The Colombia national football team. Do you like soccer?
It was released in 2005.
Yes, it is written in English.
Sure! Have you read The Temple of My Familiar or The Temple of My Familiar?
The genre is fiction
Yes, it's a musical, do you like musicals
It was written by Jonathan Nolan and is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I am not sure, but it is written by Christopher Nolan and stars Thomas Lennon
You are welcome
Karim Benzema plays for the France national football team.
I heard he is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Real Madrid and the Spain national team.
I like them better than the England National Football team. They are a very good team.
Sure! Did you like The Scarlet Letter because it's a romantic comedy?
John Irving wrote The World According to Garp and The Cider House Rules.
The World According to Garp is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy?
It was released in 1985.
You are welcome!
Yes, F. Gary Gray wrote Untamed: A Memoir.
Princess Mononoke is a great movie. Did you know she also starred in Friends with Benefits?
It is a War film starring Charlize Theron. It is a Romance film.
You got it! I hope you enjoy!
Sure, do you like action movies or action movies?
Sure! The Fight Club is a drama film directed by David Fincher. It was released in 2004.
I don't know about comics, but he is a squalid house and a squalid house.
Oh yea, Brad Pitt has a great cast. He has starred in The Pursuit of Happyness (Comedy-drama Film) in which he has starred
You're welcome
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Simon McBurney also starred in Zookeeper and Wonder Woman. Have you seen either of those?
It is a Romantic film based on a romance novel by Charles Dickens.
Harbhajan Singh is an athlete that plays cricket.
Do you know a lot about Cricket? I don't really follow sport.
That's a good one. Did you know Harbhajan Singh is from India?
I think they are a good team. They have won the NBA All-Rookie of the Year Award.
I think he is a good coach. Do you know he's from Los Angeles?
Yes, it was written by Louis Sachar. It was released in 1997.
Louis Sachar also wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
Yes, it's a great book written by Louis Sachar. I think you will enjoy it.
Yes, Stephen Curry is a basketball player. He plays point guard right?
I am not sure, but I do know that he won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award.
They are basketball movies. The Golden State Warriors are a basketball movie. Do you like basketball?
You're welcome!
Ethan Suplee starred in Vulgar
Sure. Vulgar is a Crime Fiction Film starring Tom Hanks, Liam Neeson, and Chris Hemsworth. It is a Horror film.
Sure. Vulgar is written by John Grisham and is a drama.
Kevin Smith is a writer, screenwriter, Screenwriter, Screenwriter, Screenwriter, Screenwriter, Screenwriter, Screenwriter, Screenwriter, Screenwriter, Writer, Screenwriter, Screenwriter, Writer, Screenwriter, Screenwriter, Writer, Screenwriter, Screenwriter, Writer, Screenwriter, Screenwriter, Writer, Screenwriter, Screenwriter, Writer, Screenwriter, Screenwriter, Writer, Screenwriter, Writer, Screenwriter, Writer, Screenwriter, Screenwriter, Screenwriter and screen
Glad to help out!
I don't know much about soccer, but I do know that they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
I don't really follow soccer, what sports do you like?
Yes, it was written by Terry Goodkind and is considered a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure, have you read The Wizard's First rule or The Pillars of Creation?
It is speculative fiction and fantasy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George R.R. Martin and is a Speculative fiction. Have you read it?
It is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I am not certain, but he wrote a few fiction novels called The Tales of Beedle the Bard and House Rules.
It is a Fiction novel, do you like that genre?
You are welcome.
The Shadow of the Torturer is a novel.
You are welcome
You're welcome
No, I haven't heard of him. Isn't he a NFL player?
Wes Welker is a great quarterback. Did you know their team won the Bravo Award?
I like Stephen Gostkowski, he's a great quarterback. I think he's from Washington DC. Do you like his movies?
I don't know much about him. I know he starred in Shackleton, have you seen it?
Yes, he was also a good boxer.
I didn't know he was married to Snipley.
The Time Machine was written by H.G. Wells who also wrote The War of the Worlds. Have you read that one?
It was written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
It is a Mystery book.
Yes, Twilight is written by Stephenie Meyer and starring Stephenie Meyer. Do you like him?
Yes, Twilight is a romance, so I think you'd love it. It's a Romance film if you like romance.
Yes, it stars Steve Buscemi and Steve Buscemi. It's a great adventure film.
Great! Anything else I can help you with?
Andrew Garfield starred in The Social Network and The Social Network. Have you seen those?
Sure. The Other Boleyn Girl is starring Andrew Garfield and Andrew Garfield. It is a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
Yes she did. She also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man
Sure, how to Win Friends and Influence People is a self-help book written by Dale carnegie.
Have you read How to Win Friends and Influence People?
He also wrote How to Win Friends and Influence People.
You're welcome
Yes, it is a great movie. Do you like action movies?
Jack Reacher is a mystery/crime/action film starring Tom Cruise. Do you like those types of movies?
You might like Jack Reacher because it is a thriller. It is starring Tom Cruise. Have you seen Jack Reacher?
I am not sure, but I know Joshua Leonard also starred in Days of Thunder, have you seen that?
Yes, he's a very talented pianist. Do you like his music?
Yes, he is a very talented pianist. Do you like any of his music?
He has a lot of popular songs, would you like me to add them to your playlist?
Do you like animated movies? If so, I would recommend The Incredibles.
You might like the movie Ratatouille, it's a Romance and a Drama.
You're welcome!
Se7en is starring Brad Pitt and is a Thriller. Do you like this genre?
If you like Crime Thrillers you should check out Shark Night. It also stars Katharine McPhee.
It stars Robert Downey Jr and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Great. I hope you enjoy them.
It's a fiction novel written by Paula McLain and released in 2011.
No, I haven't, but I have heard of it.
Circling the Sun was released in 2015.
Yes, it is in English, and is in English.
I do, she's a great singer and songwriter. Do you like her?
I like Stronger. What is your favorite song?
I don't know if she does but I do know that she is friends with Shailene Wood. Have you heard of her?
Yes, I do like reality television. My favorite one of my favorites is The Truman Show. Have you seen that one?
Yes, it is a great book written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
It was written by Cassandra Clare and is a Fantasy/Adventure book. Do you enjoy this genre?
The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones, City of Ashes, and City of Ashes to name a few. Have you read any of those?
No problem. Enjoy!
Terry George directed Jurassic Park III. Have you seen that one?
It's a drama. Do you like drama?
I am not sure who starred in The Other Boleyn Girl, but it is a drama.
The Other Boleyn Girl is a drama.
Yes, The Other Boleyn Girl is a history movie. Do you like this genre?
I am not sure who stars in The Other Boleyn Girl, but it is a history movie.
Sure. Franz Kafka wrote The Castle and Amerika
The Castle was released in 2003 and is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
The Castle was written in English, and is considered a speculative fiction.
You're welcome!
I am not sure, but I can tell you that he directed The Goonies.
I am not sure, but I know Tom Hanks starred in Catch Me If You Can. He also starred in Larry Crowne.
Sure. Paula Hawkins wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex, The World According to Garp, and The Half-Blood Prince.
Yes it was, the movie was directed by Paula Hawkins
You're welcome
Sure, she wrote The Siren, The Queen, and The Prince. Have you read those?
The Siren is speculative fiction and fantasy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, The Siren is a great one! It's a fantasy novel by Kiera Cass. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
It was written by Percy Bysshe Shelley and is a speculative fiction. Do you like those genres?
Percy Bysshe Shelley wrote Frankenstein, and he also wrote The Last Man in Rome.
He's done quite a few in the Speculative Genres like The Lord of the Rings and The Lord of the Rings.
Yes, she also starred in Valentine's Day.
Yes, Paper Towns was written by John Green and stars Thomas Lennon and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
No, I haven't heard of them, but I do know that The Fault in Our Stars is written by John Green and is a Young-adult fiction.
I don't know much about him other than he plays basketball. Do you follow him?
Yes he was, Tony Allen was also a point guard
Yes they are, they are a profession.
Yes, it was a great movie starring Chris Hemsworth and Chris Hemsworth
You are welcome! Have a great day!
Yes, I have heard of it.
Sure! Do you like X-Men because it is a sci-fi movie?
The planet of the Apes is starring Wilford Brimley and Jennifer Lawrence. Do you like these actors?
Volcano is starring Tom Hanks and Anthony Hopkins. It's a Thriller.
I have not seen it, but I know it is written by Dan Brown and stars Samuel L. Jackson. Do you like him?
Yes, they both starred in that movie. Do you like that type of movie?
Missy Eliot was the male lead in that film as well as Joss Whedon and J.K. Simmons
Your welcome
I know he is a member of the Portugal national football team, but I don't know much about him.
Not really. I am more of a fan of soccer but I prefer American football. What sports do you like?
I like basketball and baseball. What about you?
Yes, I do. What sports do you like?
Nice, I've been a fan since I've heard of the Redskins. Who is their quarterback?
I hope they do, what do you think about them?
Alan Rickman starred in The Wildest Dream and The Wildest Dream.
Sure, Scarface is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Well, if you like crime/thriller, you might also like Catch-22. It's a great movie with Oliver Stone.
Yes! Did you know that Rodney Dangerfield also starred in The Dangerfielder's Game?
You're welcome!
Sure, he wrote Little Miss Sunshine. Have you read that one?
That's a great movie. Did you know that Abigail Breslin also starred in The Mists of Avalon?
The Incredible Burt Wonderstone was released in 2005.
You're welcome
Yes, Jason Derulo is a singer, songwriter and songwriter. Do you like his music?
I like his music. Do you know if he was in the movie Friends with Benefits?
Yes, she has a few years back and has won many awards including the 2007 UEFA Champions League Final
Sure! What Alice Forgot was written by Liane Moriarty and was released in 2009. Are you interested in more of her work?
It was released in 2009. I think you'd enjoy it.
Sure! Ender's Game has a genre of Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Speakers of the Dead and Speakers of the Dead are also Speculative fiction
Waylander is written by George R. R. Martin.
You are welcome
Sure, do you like Aladdin because it's a Thriller?
J.K. Rowling directed the movie
You're welcome
She starred in The Muppets and The Muppets
The Edge of Glory has a genre of fantasy and drama. Do you like those genres?
Yes, she was in the muppets too. Have you seen that one?
I love Coldplay! Do you like their music?
I love Yellow in the song. My favorite song by this year is Gnomeo and Juliet.
Yes, they did. Amsterdam was a great place. It was a great place.
Sure! He starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen that one?
Yes, he also starred in The House of Seven Gables and The Recruit.
Yes, she is in Trixie.
You are welcome.
Kahil Gilbran wrote My Soul to Take, which is a Fiction book.
Speculative fiction. what else can i answer for you?
The Prophet was released 2011. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
Yes, he's a romantic romantic romantic romantic comedy starring Cameron Diaz. Do you like her movies?
Sure, a few of his songs that are like Justin Timberlake are You Love Me and You Will Meet a Tall Dark Stranger
It's a pop music. Do you like that genre?
Yes, I like him. He starred in The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and is a good film.
Its a fiction book . Do you like fiction
It was released in 2005
Its a great read!
The Wolverine is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Rise of the Guardians is a drama
William Joyce wrote Rise of the Guardians starring Hugh Jackman.
You are welcome
Red stars Morgan Freeman. Do you like action movies?
Yes, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen those?
Mike Starr also starred in The Black Dahlia, have you seen that one?
I don't have any more information on that, but he did write The Last Dragon.
Shooter is starring Scarlett Johansson and David Oyelowo.
Sorry, I don't have that information.
Yes, he did. He also starred in a few TV series called the Lords of the Rings. Have you heard of it?
I hope you like it!
Sure, Godfather was written by Francis Ford Coppola and starred Scarlett Johansson.
Then you might like The Godfather Part II, starring Marlon Brando.
I don't have that information, but it is a crime movie.
Sure. Maleficent stars Sam Neill and Olivia Wilde. Do you like those actors?
Sure Angelina Jolie starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which is a fantasy film. Have you seen it?
Yes, she was in Mr and Mrs Smith. Mr and Mrs Smith was written by Brad Pitt.
Yes and he also starred in that movie with Owen Wilson.
Yes, he was in that movie as well. It's a funny one!
Yes, he plays for the Germany national football team as a midfielder and forward.
Yes, he plays the midfielder position. He is also a midfielder.
Toni Kroos plays for the Germany national football team as a midfielder and a midfielder.
Isn't he a soccer player? I don't really follow soccer, but I know he is from Portugal.
Yes, I believe he is a player on the Portugal national football team.
yes, he is. do you like any other soccer teams?
The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Would you like to know more about him?
Yes, John Travolta starred in Edge of Tomorrow.
Well, I don't have any suggestions for other films like Edge of Tomorrow, but I do know that Tom Cruise acted in such films as War of the Worlds and The Edge of Tomorrow.
Yes that is a great movie. Do you want to know more about Emma Stone?
Great! I hope you enjoy!
It's a great movie! Did you know that it's a movie starring Zooey Deschanel?
I like Thrillers. Do you like that genre?
I like murder mystery too. I think it is a great movie.
I haven't seen Pacifier yet, will i check it out
Yes, she wrote Beautiful Darkness and Beautiful Redemption.
Sure. Some of her most famous works include Where Rainbows End and The Time Traveler's Wife.
Yes, it did. It was adapted into a film starring Margaret Stohl.
I'm not a fan of the Yankees. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
He is from New York City and is married to George Steinbrenner.
It was written by Dan Brown and stars Christian Bale. Are you a fan of his?
I don't know who produced it, but he directed and produced it.
He also wrote, directed and produced that movie. He also produced it as well.
It's a drama. Do you like drama?
Inside Out is a comedy and a comedy. Do you like comedies?
Do you like Bruce Dern? He also starred in Thor.
Good Will Hunting starred Matt Damon and was written by Matt Damon. Do you like dramas?
Yes, Robin Williams also starred in that movie along with Good Will Hunting
No, I haven't heard of them. Is that a Romantic Comedy?
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Bill Neukom.
Yes, Joe Montana was so good! I like the New York Jets and the 49ers when he was on Seahawks, have you been a fan?
Yes, I like the Seahawks and the XL wide receivers. They won Super Bowl XLIII.
Do you like the Thorn Birds because it is written by Colleen McCullough or because it is a fantasy?
The Women of Brewster Place was written by William Shakespeare.
The Women of Brewster Place was written by Gloria Naylor.
Yes. She starred in The Women of Brewster Place and Lady Gaga.
Great. Enjoy
Sure! Dark Lover is speculative fiction novel written by J.R. Ward. It's part of a series. Have you read it?
Yes, Tyrannosaur Canyon was released in 2005. It is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Mist was written by Peter Hyams. He also wrote The Darkest Whispers, an excellent sci-fi thriller.
The Mist has genre Young-adult fiction as well as Speculative fiction. Have you read those?
Certainly! Enjoy!
Shelley Duvall starred in Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you seen it?
It's a great horror film. Stephen King also starred in X-Men: First Class.
I would recommend checking out Lord of the Rings if you like.
You're welcome.
Oliver Hirschbiegel starred in The Invasion and Downfall.
The Invasion stars Robert De Niro and Michael Pena. It's a great movie.
Sorry, I don't have that information. Anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome!
Dwyane Wade is a professional basketball player who plays as a point guard for the Miami Heat NBA.
Yes Cadillac Records starred Vincent Pastore and Johnny Depp.
Lady Gaga is a talented singer. Did you know she is also a model?
No, I haven't seen it, but I know that Bradley Cooper is a talented actor. I think he's best known for his role in American Idol.
The Muppets also stars Will Smith. It's a great movie!
He starred in Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Have you seen that one?
It's a speculative fiction and fantasy. Do you like those types of books?
Yes, Victor J. Stenger also wrote Notes on a Scandal.
You're welcome
Sure, do you like the movie because of the genre or the actors?
You might like The Good Doctor or The Good Doctor
Yes, he was in Zulu, did you know he also starred in Troy, have you seen that one?
Your welcome
I like Sylvia Plath. She wrote The Journals of Sylvia Plath. Have you read it?
He's a great golfer. Do you like golf?
I love Caddyshack. Did you know Adam Sandler was also a producer?
That's a great movie. Did you know Harold Ramis also wrote and starred in Ghostbusters?
He starred in The Butterfly Effect and The Butterfly Effect
The Butterfly Effect is Thriller/Thriller.
You're welcome
Sure! Do you like Now You See Me because it's a Thriller?
The Pelican Brief was written and directed by Roland Emmerich and is a drama. Do you like drama?
Yes, The Pelican Brief was written and directed by Alan Pakula. The film is based on a true story.
Sure. Juno has a genre of Thriller. Do you like those genres?
I would recommend Young Adult Films starring Jim Carrey.
Yes, it is a comedy- drama.
The Perks of Being a Wallflower stars Hilary Swank and Eddie Redmayne
I don't have any recommendations for movies starring Bradley Cooper, but I can recommend some other movies starring John Maldovich
Yes, he also starred in The Hangover as well.
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans.
Yes it was released in 2012, and was written in English
Have you heard of Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee? It is a thriller and drama.
You should check out Without Remorse if you like action movies.
Sure! Do you like books written by Jane Austen?
Lullaby was written by Laura Hillenbrand and was released in 1843.
Chuck Palahniuk wrote Lullaby.
Yes, Shooter is a a Thriller starring Scarlett Johansson.
Well, he also starred in the movie The Jungle Book. Have you seen that one?
Melinda Clarke was also in the a Romantic Comedy called The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Have you seen that one?
He also starred in The Day the Earth Stood Still, have you seen it?
Sure! Rocky is a adventure film. Do you like adventure films?
Well, Sylvester Stallone wrote boxers and starred in Fight Club, have you seen it?
It's a Thriller and Drama.
You're welcome
Do you like Water for Elephants because it is written by Sara Gruen or because it is a romance?
Great. If you like historical period dramas, you should check out Timequake or War of the Worlds.
The Age of Innocence was written by Rebecca Wells.
You're welcome
I didn't know he's a basketball player but I know he won the NBA All-Rookie of the Year Award.
My favorite player is Serena Williams. What about yours?
Yes, he is a great basketball player as well.
Wow, I didn't know that. Who's your favorite player?
Sure, it was written by Mark Haddon and a mystery. It was released in 2003 and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time by Mark Haddon. He also wrote A Time to Kill and The Time Machine
Sure, do you like Marlon Brando? He also wrote The Godfather.
Yes, it is based on the Godfather movie. It also starred Scarlett Johansson.
Yes, Apocalyps Now is written by Francis Ford Coppola and stars Tom Hanks. Apocalyps Now is a drama film.
Apocalypse Now is a great movie. Apocalypse Now is written by Francis Ford Coppola.
Yes, I do. She starred in The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus.
Sure, have you watch any of the other movies?
I really like his music.
No Private Benjamin is a Parody.
You're welcome
Yes, Meg Cabot wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read it?
Underworld is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy books?
She also wrote Little Altars Everywhere
You're welcome
Insomnia is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I don't have that information, but The Perfect Storm is a thriller starring Michael Angarano. Do you like his movies?
It came out in 2012. It's considered a action film.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy!
Do you like him because he starred in movies like Winnie the Pooh and Now You See Me?
Sure, he also starred in Brave New World: The Ugly Truth and Lolita.
It was released in 2003.
Yes, she is a Romanian professional tennis player. Do you like her?
I know very little about tennis but I know very little about Serena Williams and Roger Federer. Do you like them?
Oh I see. I don't know much about Victoria Azarenka but I know she is from Belarus.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Bill Neukom.
Oh yea that's a good one. He was a runner-up in Super Bowl XLVII right?
Yea, that is a book. The title is: The Wintergirls and the Wintergirls
127 hours is a Comedy. Do you like Comedy?
127 Hours is a Romantic Comedy starring James Franco. He also starred in You, Me and Dupree. Have you seen those?
Yes, James Franco was in a rom-com as well. He also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man
Yes, it was written by Roberto Orci and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like any of these actors?
It is a Romance film
Your welcome
Isn't he a cricket player? I know he plays for the India national team. Are you a fan?
Yes, it's a soccer team. Do you like soccer?
Well, William H. Macy, William H. Macy, William H. C. O'Brien and William H. Macy just to name a few
The Chronicles of Narnia is written by C.S. Lewis and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Sure, he wrote The Voyage of the Dawn Treader and The Silver Chair. Have you read any of those?
It's a fantasy novel. Would you like another recommendation?
You're welcome
Sure. J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Peter Pan. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes, you may like The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and The Lord of the Rings
Yes, The Story of a Doctor Dolittle was released in 1904
It's a Fiction book.
Sure! The Sea Wolf is a Fiction novel written by Jane Austen and released in 1904
The Sea Wolf was written by Jane Austen.
He wrote асска овести and ос.
Eecbl is written by Richard Pevear. It is a speculative fiction.
I'm not sure, but Eecbl is in English.
The Cabin in the Woods is written by Ronan Bennett. Do you like Ronan Bennett?
Yes, she wrote it as well. She also wrote it as well. Have you seen it?
Yes it is a thriller and Ty Olsson was also in World War Z. Have you seen that one?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Do you like it because it's a Sci-Fi movie?
Then you might also like The Incredible Hulk or The Incredible Hulk
Yes, he also directed The Shining
Ok well Armageddon has the genre Sci-Fi
Oh yes, 2006 was the year that released You Are Not So Smart was released.
Have you seen The Blind Side? It's a great crime fiction.
I would recommend a book by J.R.R. Tolkien if you like Biographies. It's a good one.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Something else I can help you with?
You are welcome, I hope you enjoy!
She is a good tennis player. I like her sister Serena better.
I follow tennis more than Venus but I do not watch tennis
I believe both Venus and her sister Serena have a doubles partner
Yes, it is a great movie. Do you like it because it is written by Matt Damon?
I haven't seen Woman in Gold but I know it is starring Scarlett Johansson who also starred in The Proposal.
I have seen The Other Boleyn Girl, but I haven't seen it yet. I will check it out.
Sure! Do you like Hugh Jackman? He also starred in Mystery.
It was directed by Katrina Jolie.
It has a great cast, including Robert De Niro, Rachel McAdams, Rachel McAdams and Robert De Niro to name a few.
It was released in 2005.
I have not seen Superman Returns, but I know it was written by Michael Dougherty. Do you like him?
it is a triller
You've Got Mail is a great movie. Do you like action movies?
do you like Tom Hank? He's in We've Got Mail too.
do you like any other action movies?
you're welcome
The Deception Point is a thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like thrillers?
X-Men: First Class is a good one. what else can i answer for you?
Great! Anything else i can help you with?
Do you like Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog?
Nope, it is a book based on the book.
The Wide Window has a genre of Romance and Drama.
Great. Give me a few minutes to watch.
Yes, he did. He also wrote Into the Wild and Into the Wild.
You're welcome
Great. Have a good day!
I have not read Outlander, but I know it is written by Charles Dickens and is speculative fiction.
Yes Diana Gabaldon also wrote Outlander. Are you a fan of science fiction?
I don't know any others but My Own Heart's Blood is a fiction book.
My Own Heart's Blood is the second book of the Outlander series.
He is a Brazilian professional footballer for Real Madrid and Fluminense FC. Do you like soccer?
I don't really follow soccer, but I know he's from Rio de Janeiro. Do you follow soccer?
Yes they were, and Hayden Panettiere was great in that movie. I think he also starred in No Country for Old Men.
Roland Emmerich directed The Day After Tomorrow. Have you seen that one?
It's a sci-fi. Do you like sci-fi?
I don't have any information on him, but I can tell you he also starred in The Day After Tomorrow.
Wyatt Earp was directed by Roland Emmerich.
Madonna starred in Who's That Girl. Have you seen it?
I like Selena Gomez. She's a favorite.
My favorite song by him is Into the Wild.
The New York Jets is a professional American football franchise based in Chicago, Illinois
They apart of the New York Jets, though. I think the Jets are doing well this season. Who's your favorite team?
I believe they also have a lot of other football players. I know that the New York Jets and the New York Jets have a lot of players in the NFL.
He wrote Snatch, Snatch, and Snatch. Have you seen any of those ?
It is a crime fiction starring Robert Downey Jr. and David Oyelowo. It was released in 2016.
I don't have that information, but I do know it was written by Brad Pitt and is a crime film.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, I have heard of them. They are a TS professional football team based in Chicago, Illinois
Yes, I like them too. They are very popular in the K-pop category. I think I have heard of them.
That's a great song! It's a great song about the hype.
Sure he has starred in Deadpool. Are you interested in more of his movies?
Yes, he did. He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
Eminem is a rapper, he starred in 8 Mile. Have you seen it?
Yes he is. Snoop Dogg is friends with Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg. They both starred in The Wash and Snoop Dogg.
Yes, he did! Dj Khaled also wrote and starred in it as well.
You're welcome!
Shelley Duvall starred in Time Bandits. Do you like adventure films?
Time Bandits was released in 2003 and also stars Eddie Redmayne and Eddie Redmayne.
It's a a comedy/drama starring Charlize Theron. It was released in 2002.
She was also in Twilight of the Ice Nymphs. She was also in Dante's Peak.
Sure Donna Tartt wrote The Secret History and The Little Friend. Have you read those?
It's a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
She also wrote The Little Friend and The Secret History: The Little Friend. Have you read those?
It's a fiction book about a murder, but the book was turned into a film as well.
Sure. Michael Bay starred in The Voyage of the Dawn Treader. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Armageddon is a popular movie from Bay, have you seen it?
Yes, Dwayne Johnson also starred in it. He's a great actor.
You should check it out
Yes, he plays Cricket for the Mumbai Indians. Do you like Cricket?
Not really. I think he plays for the Mumbai Indians. Is he a cricket player?
Yes. I like football and baseball. What about you?
I think the commercials will win the Super Bowl this year. What do you think about it?
Sure! She starred in The Wild Life and The Golden Compass. Have you seen those?
Yes she was in that as well as Lea Thompson was in Adventureland. Have you seen that one?
She was also in Little Rascals which is a Romance film.
I don't have that information right now but i know Lea Thompson was also in The Little Rascals.
Audrey Niffenegger wrote The Time Traveler's Wife and The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you read those?
It is a adventure film
Stan Lee is the writer of sci-fi thriller
Sure. Jorja Fox starred in the Revenge film called Memento.
It was written by John Grisham and released in 2001
Yes, he wrote the movie Memento.
Certainly.
I don't really follow them, but I do know that they are owned by Bill Bidwill.
I like the New England Patriots, but my favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks.
I don't have that information right now but my favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks and the San Francisco 49ers.
I don't have that information right now but I do know that they were the runner-up in the Super Bowl XLVIII.
Yes, he has written some great books, would you like to know more about those?
Yes, that's a great book by Victor Hugo. Did you know Victor Hugo also wrote Notre-Dame de Paris?
Well, Victor Hugo wrote Notre Dame de Paris. He also wrote Notre Dame de Paris.
Sure! Do you like Deadpool because it's a superhero film?
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy has a great cast, including Douglas Wick, Scott Bakula, and David O'Brien.
Deadpool has a genre of Fantasy and Action.
You're welcome!
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I don't really follow football, but I know he plays for the Belgium national football team.
I like soccer, but my favorite team is soccer. What about you?
Ok. What other sports do you like?
Yes she is. I like her in Princess Protection Program. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was in Men in Black 3. He is a good actor.
No, I haven't seen it, but I think I'll check it out. Enjoy!
Sure, it is a drama starring Step Brothers. Do you like dramas?
Yes, John C. Reilly is hilarious. Did you know he also starred in Unaccompanied Minors?
It was released in 1997, and a great laugh!
Sure! The Tragedy of Macbeth was written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
The Tragedy of King Richard the Third was written by William Shakespeare.
It's a speculative fiction.
Yes, it is. William Shakespeare is influenced by William Shakespeare. He also wrote Romeo and Juliet.
Sure, Tom Hooper directed The Damned United, The Damned United, and The Damned United
King's Speech was rated PG and PG X - PG & PG PG & PG PG
The Zero Effect was released in 2006.
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football franchise based in Denver Broncos, Pennsylvania. Do you like them?
I didn't know that. I know that their coach is John Fox, I think he's a pretty good team as well.
Wow, I didn't know that. They were coached by John Fox right?
Yes, Nicolas Cage starred in Face/Off as well as many others.
I like her as a singer. Did you know she is a singer?
She was also in Battleship with Taylor Kitsch. Did you know she is a great actor?
I like Liam Neeson in Adventureland. Have you seen that one?
Yes, AB de Villiers is a singer-songwriter. Do you like him?
He is a British professional tennis player. He was born in Mumbai, United States of America and is married to Mirka Federer.
I agree. I enjoy R&B. I think you will enjoy them.
Yes, it's a great movie. Did you know that it's starring Johnny Depp?
Yes, he also starred in The Rum Diary. Have you seen it?
Yes, I have seen both of them. I haven't heard of them.
I hope you enjoy it.
Are you looking for other books by J.K. Rowling?
Have you read Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone?
Sure. Do you like the Romance genre or the actors?
You might like The Polar Express, it is a science fiction
Yes he did
Some of Ryan Reynolds starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, it also starred Hugh Jackman
You might like The Running Man or The Purge
I am not certain, but I do know he starred in Starship Troopers
Dave McKean wrote Wizard and Glass
Yes, it was co-written by Stephen King. It's a fantasy novel.
That is a good one. I think he's a great writer and a great author.
You're welcome!
Yes, I do. Forrest Gump is written by Winston Groom and stars Tom Hanks.
I don't really follow football, but I do know that they are coached by Lovie Smith.
My favorite player is the Rams. What is yours?
He has a tight end position
Yes, they were the runner-up in the Super Bowl
I agree. I think she is a talented singer. I think he's a great singer.
I have not seen her in any movies I know she starred in Titanic, have you seen that one?
I agree, they are very good. I like Liam Neeson who is a good actor?
Enrique Iglesias wrote Desperado. Desperado is a popular one. Have you read it?
yes he was in Desperado. what else can i answer for you?
i'm not sure what her latest single is. what is it about?
Yes, I would. Charlotte Bront wrote Villette and The Professor. Have you read those?
It was released in 1853 and is considered a drama. Do you like dramas?
Great! I think you will enjoy it!
Robin Buss also wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo released in 1844. Have you read it?
Robin Buss also wrote Le Comte de Monte-Cristo, have you read it?
It was written by Robin Buss and is a speculative fiction
It was released in 2014 and written by St. John Mandel. Are you interested in other books released that year?
She also wrote Last Night at Cheteau Marmont High, another good one.
It's a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
Yes I am. The 5th Wave was written by Rick Yancey. Are you a fan of his work?
Yes, I do. He also wrote The Infinite Sea. Are you a fan of that genre?
Yes, The Last Star was written by John Irving, who also wrote The Infinite Sea.
Sure, he wrote a lot of good books, including a lot of thrillers, including Sherlock Holmes and the Philosopher's Stone.
King Richard the Second was written by James Dashner
The second one was released in 1876
Do you like the movie because it's a Romance or a romance?
I think the Notebook has a genre of a historical period drama. Is that what you have in mind?
I don't know who stars in it, but Water for Elephants is written by Sara Gruen.
Certainly!
Yes Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
You are correct. Songs of Willow Frost was released in 2015
I think it is somewhere in the United States of America.
That is a good one.
Batman Begins is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like action movies?
Then you might like The Civil War, or The Civil War.
I'm sorry, I don't have any more information on that movie right now.
Sure! Do you like Time to Kill because it's written by Matthew Vaughn or because it's a thriller?
Then you might also like The Fault in Our Stars written by John Grisham.
Great. Have you read any of his other books by John Grisham's books?
Margaret R. Higonnet wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
Yes he did. He also wrote a book called A Scandal in Bohemia.
He also wrote Sense and Sensibility, which was released in 1891.
Robert Galbraith also wrote the Silkworm
J.K. Rowling also wrote the Silkworm
You are welcome
Are you looking for other books by J.K. Rowling, or do you like the fantasy genre?
speculative fiction
There is The Fault in Our Stars
The goonies is written by Stephen King
Welcome
Sure, do you like books by J.R.R. Tolkien?
No, Simmons wrote the Catcher in the Rye.
Yes, The Rise of Endymion.
Yes, he starred in a lot of action movies. Do you like action movies?
He also starred in a lot of action movies. He also starred in The Mechanic. Have you seen those?
Yes, James Coburn also starred in The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus.
They are both great comedies!
Great, I hope you enjoy them!
I agree! I think he's a good player. He's from Oakland, and he's from Oakland.
I like the Golden State Warriors and the Golden State Warriors. What about you?
He's a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks. I think he's a point guard.
Sure, do you like books by J.R.R. Tolkien? He also wrote Raise High the Roof Beam and Nine Stories.
I don't know of any books similar to Raise High the Roof Beam, it is a literary realism. You might like that one.
I know they are a K-pop boy band. They are a K-pop boy band.
I don't know anything about hip hop, folk music, and folk music. Is that something you'd like?
I do like Pink. I think she's married to a woman named Shakira. I think she's made some appearances of her music. She's quite talented.
It's a great book. It was written by John Green and is a fiction.
The Poisonwood Bible was released in 1997.
I have not read World Without End, but I heard it is a good book.
Great! You should give it a try, it is a very good read!
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Looper is a Thriller starring Jim Carrey. Do you like him?
Yes he did. what else can i answer for you?
have a good day
A Beautiful Mind was written by Margaret Stohl and starred Mindy Kaling. Do you like it because it's a drama?
He also directed A Beautiful Mind. Have you seen that one?
You are welcome
The Devil in the White City: Murder, Magic, and Madness at the Fair that Changed America is written by Tony Goldwyn
He also wrote Sense and Sensibility
It is a romantic comedy
Your welcome
Sure, Catcher in the Rye is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it was released in 1951.
Enjoy!
I don't know much about football but I know he plays for the Argentina National Football team. Do you like soccer?
A Clockwork Orange was released in 2005. Do you like it because it is written by Stanley Kubrick?
Yes they both starred in that movie
Sure, Afraid of Virginia Woolf was released in 1953
Sure. Fiona Stafford wrote Emma. It is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance?
Sure! He wrote Wideacre, The White Queen, and The White Princess. Have you read any of those?
It's a Historical novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes, they are both historical fiction books.
Your welcome
Arsenal is a sports team. It's a European Football team.
They were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLVIII.
My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks. My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks.
Wally Lamb starred in The Hour I First Believed and The Hour I First Believed.
I know This Much Is True is written by Wally Lamb and is considered a Fiction novel.
Did you know that book was turned into a movie?
Have a great day
Well, I'm not a fan of the Miami Dolphins. I'm more of a Dallas Cowboys fan. What about you?
Not really, my favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks. How about the Patriots?
My favorite team in the Dallas Cowboys is the Dallas Cowboys. What is yours?
Inside Out is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
The film starred Robert Downey Jr. and Chris Hemsworth
I don't have that information, but I can tell you it is a good movie.
You're welcome
Yes, I agree. She has a great voice. She's very talented. She's also very talented.
Yes Victoria Justice is a great sitcom as well. Do you like sitcoms?
I am not sure who else starred in Zoey 101 but Ariana was also in Who's the Boss?
I agree. She also starred in What's Up.
Downfall is a war film written and directed by David Ayer. Do you like war films?
Sure! Windtalkers is a war film based on a war film that was produced by Richard Condon. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
The Catchter in the Rye has a genre of Speculative fiction.
No problem. Have you read Welcome to Temptation, Where Rainbows End or Welcome to Temptation?
You got it! I hope you enjoy!
Great! I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, Big Hero 6 is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Wreck-It-Ralph also has sci-fi
Yes! That is a great movie starring Denzel Washington.
Mindy Kaling also starred in the movie Wreck It Ralph
You are welcome!
I like the Miami Dolphins. They are a professional football team based in Chicago, Illinois
I like them a lot and don't follow the NFL much. Who is your favorite team?
Tony Romo has a great voice. Did you know he's from San Francisco? He's a quarterback?
Yes, Wes Anderson starred in The Scream series. Have you seen it?
Owen Wilson is a great actor. He starred in Mr. Fox. He also starred in The Royal Tenenbaums.
I agree. Anything else I can help with?
Justin Rose is a golfer from London.
He's a professional golfer from England. He's from Honolulu.
Yes he's good. Do you like any other sports?
She wrote The Lighthouse and The Waves. Have you read either of those?
Yes, she wrote The Shadows Were Watching Gods, and The Lords of Salem.
To The Lighthouse was released in 1927.
Sure. Enjoy!
Yes, Isaiah Thomas is an American professional basketball player for the Denver Broncos National Basketball Association.
He's on the New Orleans Pelicans. I don't follow basketball.
Yes, I am a fan of the Denver Nuggets. What is your favorite team?
Sure! Shelly Duvall starred in The Apostle, The Apostle, and The Apostle. Have you seen any of those?
It's a War film. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome!
Michael Mann directed The Greatest Show on Earth
Yes, he also directed Snow White and the Huntsman. Have you heard of those?
Yes, it's a great movie. It's a Romance film.
Me, too! She wrote Little Altars Everywhere. Have you read it?
Under the Tuscan Sun was written by Frances Mayes. She also wrote Little Women, a romance novel.
You're welcome
Yes, I do. Did you know she starred in Valentines Day?
Do you like any of her music like Taylor Swift?
Oh yea , i didn't know that. He is a good actor
Yes, I do. The Pittsburgh Steelers are a professional American football franchise based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Do you like football?
Yes, Roethlisberger is an American professional footballer who plays as a point guard for the Seattle Seahawks and the Seattle Seahawks.
He wrote Shadowland and Night Star. Have you read those?
She also wrote Shadowland, which is a fantasy. Have you read it?
It's a Young-adult fiction. Alyson Noel wrote Shadowland and Shadowland.
Your welcome
Yes, James Rodrguez is a Colombian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Colombia National Football Team. Do you like soccer?
Yes I do like football. What's your favorite team?
I agree, Radamel Falcao is a great athlete who plays Midfielder.
Yes, it is a great movie starring Charlize Theron and David O'Brien. Do you like Dead Poets Society?
It's a Romantic Comedy.
You might like Dead Poets Society. It's starring Robin Williams.
Have you heard of Red Dragon? It's a Drama/Comedy.
You're welcome.
Yes, John Tiffany starred in a number of movies. Would you like to know more about that?
Yes, he did and J.K. Rowling starred in both of the Harry Potter books.
I am not sure about that, but I can tell you it was a book that was made into a movie.
Sure! Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zert som sprängdes.
I'm not sure, but Milan Kundera was influenced by Kurt Vonnegut Jr..
You're welcome!
The Bourne Identity starred Matt Damon and Matt Damon. Do you like it because it's a thriller?
The Bourne Identity- The Bourne Identity-Them was written by Tony Gilroy starring Matt Damon. Do you like his work?
The Bourne Identity starred Matt Damon, Matt Damon, Matt Damon and Josh Brolin. What do you like about it?
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit and Seabiscuit. Have you read either of those?
She also wrote Seabiscuit.
Sorry, I do not have that information.
Sure, he directed Walk the Line, which is a drama. He also wrote Kate & Leopold and Kate Winslet. Have you seen those?
Yes, she starred in that movie. She also wrote Walk the Line. Have you seen it?
Yes, it won the MTV Video Music Award for Best Original Score!
I would definitely recommend Walk the Line. It's a great Romance film.
No problem, I am happy to help.
Yes, The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
Another book by Harper Lee is Go Set a Watchman.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Jason Cope starred in District 9 and V for Vendetta. Do you like action movies?
Spud is drama
Yes he stars in the movie Spud
Matt Damon and Annabelle Wallis
Yes, he directed The Last Temptation of Christ and The Return of a Man Called Horse
The Return of a Man Called Horse is a drama. Do you like drama?
You're welcome
He starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Other Guys. Have you seen them?
Yes, he starred in The Other Guys and he starred in The Lorax and Swept Away
The Other Guys was released in 1994
You are welcome
Sure, Freeman starred in The Civil War. Have you seen that one?
You are correct. Ned Bellamy starred in The Majestic which is a crime drama. Do you like that genre?
Yes he is. He also starred in The Green Mile which is a drama
You're welcome
Blood Diamond is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Yes, it is a great movie. Do you like action movies?
Did you know that Leonardo DiCaprio starred in the romantic comedy The Aviator?
That is a great movie! It was written by Christopher Nolan, who also wrote The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
He sure did! He also starred in The Dark Knight Rises if you like James Cameron.
You're welcome
Yes, 50/50 is a Romance/Comedy. Do you like those types of movies?
Well, 50/50 has a genre of Romance and Comedy. Which one is your interest?
Sure. Vanessa Fertilio starred in the movie Shadowboxer. Have you seen it?
You're welcome
Yes, they are a basketball team. Are they your favorite team?
Yes, they are a basketball team. Are they your favorite team?
No, I haven't seen Nanking. Did you know he also starred in a movie?
Yes, she wrote These Happy Golden Years and The Little House Collection. Have you read those?
These Long Winter is a romance novel released in 1943.
These Happy Golden Years is a historical fiction. Do you like that genre? She also wrote These Happy Golden Years.
Sure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Sure, he wrote Thunderstruck. Have you read that one?
Then I would recommend coming of age if you like drama.
If you like The Crucible, you might also like A Christmas Carol written by Christopher Bigsby.
Afraid of Fire is also a play by Virginia Woolf. It was released in 1851.
It was directed by Dave Pelzer. Do you like his work?
It was written by Dave Pelzer and released in 1988
Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier, The Pacifier, and The Pacifier. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, Jim Belushi also starred in The Pacifier. Is that something you like?
The Pacifier was released in 2005 and is a Romance/Comedy.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
It's a drama. Do you like those kinds of movies?
The Devil Wears Prada stars Anne Hathaway and Anne Hathaway
The Dark Knight Rises starring Anne Hathaway
I am not sure who directed it but I do know it was directed by David Ayer
It came out in 2011
You're welcome
Sure, she starred in The Expendables and The Hunted. Have you seen those?
James Rodrguez is a Colombian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Colombia national team.
Yes, they have a good team as well.
I don't know, but I do know that Falcoa is a member of the Colombia national football team.
I don't know who starred in anything, but I do know that Falcoa is from Columbia.
Yes it is starring Will Smith and Chris Hemsworth. Do you like this movie?
As Good as It Gets was directed by Woody Allen who also directed As Good as It Gets.
Sure, it was released in 2005 and is an action/adventure film. Do you like that genre?
Terms of Endearment was released in 1991
Your welcome
I don't know much about the Jaguars, but I know they are owned by Wayne Weaver and Shahid Khan.
Tyron Brackenridge is the owner of the Jacksonville Jaguars.
I am more of a fan of American football, what about your favorite team?
Yes, she plays badminton and was born in Honolulu. She is a great athlete.
Yes, she did! That was a great year for sure. She also won the 2012 Olympics in London.
I like hockey and baseball. What about you?
He's from New York City and was born in Rochester.
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote Two By Two and True Believer
It was released in 2005 and is in English.
Yes, he was in several films including The Notebook and A Time to Kill.
Yes, he was a screenwriter as well.
Yes, he was a comedian as well as a writer and a comedian as well.
You're welcome
It was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
There is! It's a sequel based on Quentin Tarantino's work.
Yes, Uma Thurman has a big role in that film. She was also in Pulp Fiction as well.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy!
Sin City is a great city. Did you know Sin City was influenced by Robert De Niro?
Sin City is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It appears that Robert Rodriguez starred in it as well as directed and produced it.
No, I haven't seen it.
Sure, it was written by Khaled Hosseini and David Benioff. Do you like those kind of books?
Yes, it starred Khaled Hosseini and was directed by David Benioff.
The Kite Runner is a Romance/Comedy.
You're welcome!
Christina Lamb was born in Malala: The Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban
Yes, he did. Veronika is a speculative fiction.
Yes, he directed and produced The Alchemist.
Sure. J.M. Barrie wrote Peter Pan and Peter Pan.
It's a Thriller.
Yes, The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald and is a Speculative fiction.
The Great Gatsby was released in 1922.
The Curious Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is a drama.
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is written by Jonathan Kellerman.
It was released in 1925. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, The Fighter is a great action movie. If you like action movies, I think you should also check out To Kill a Mockingbird. Have you seen that one?
Jane Eyre is a novel written by Charles Dickens and is considered a satire.
She also wrote Villette and Shirley.
Villette is considered a Villette, a speculative fiction novel.
You're welcome!
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Sarah Dessen also wrote What Happened to Goodbye which is a Young-adult fiction.
This Lullaby is a speculative fiction novel.
Do you like him because he wrote movies like The Amazing Spider-Man, The Amazing Spider-Man, and The Incredibles?
Yes, Steve Kloves wrote and starred in The Amazing Spider-Man. Steve Kloves also wrote and starred in The Amazing Spider-Man.
Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince is a great movie.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy!
I think he's a great singer and musician. Do you like him?
Did you know AB de Villiers played for the London 2012 Summer Olympics?
Not really. I am more of a baseball fan myself.
Baz Luhrmann directed The Great Gatsby (Award-Winning Work) and (Award-Winning Work).
I am not sure who starred in this movie but it is a Sci-Fi movie.
You are welcome
You are welcome
I do! It was written by Meg Cabot. Did you know it was also made into a movie?
The Princess Diaries has a genre of Comedy. Do you like that genre?
The Princess and the Frog is a Fantasy/Comedy/fantasy movie.
Yes, that is a good one. It was written by Rick Riordan and is a Fantasy.
The Call of the Wild was written by Jack London. It's a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy novels?
You might like Call of the Wild, it's a fiction book.
To Build a Fire was released in 1932, the same year as The Call of the Wild.
I have not, but I heard it was written by Jamie McGuire. Have you read it?
Walking Disaster is a great one. Did you know Jamie McGuire also wrote Beautiful Oblivion?
I think you'd enjoy it. I think you'll enjoy it.
You are welcome
you're welcome
Sure. Jennifer Lawrence starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class.
Yes he starred in Silver Linings Playbook
Meet the Parents is a comedy.
Your welcome
I don't really follow football, but I do know the Arizona Cardinals are owned by Bill Bidwill
My team is the Dallas Cowboys. What team do you like?
I agree. I think the Saints have won a championship this year.
That book is written by Toni Morrison and is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Did you like Tombstone because it's a Romance film?
I don't know who stars in Love Actually. It's a Romance/Comedy.
I think she's a very talented singer. What's your favorite Ariana song?
Yes Liam Hensworth is a good friend of his. I think he is a good friend of Taylor Swift though.
Didn't Nicolas Sparks also write The Last Song? I haven't seen it yet.
Sure, The Lucky One is a romance novel written by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like romance novels?
The Lucky One is a romance novel by Nicholas Sparks and is part of a series.
The Notebook was made into a movie starring Nicholas Sparks. It's a romantic comedy.
You are welcome
Sure. Jean-Marc Vallée starred in Wild West and The Running Man. Have you seen those?
I'm not sure, but it's primarily a drama.
No, it's about the Queen Queen.
I'm sorry I don't have that information.
Sorry, I don't have that information
I'm sorry I don't have any information on that
Sure. Enjoy!
Fast and the Furious is starring Vin Diesel. Do you like his movies?
Yes, Fast and Furious is the latest
Fast and furious starred both Vin Diesel and Michelle Rodriguez
Your welcome
Sure! Do you like War Z because it's a war film?
Zombie Survival Guide: Complete Protection from the World War Z was a good one.
Yes, its a great movie starring Jim Carrey. Do you like his movies?
Yes, he also starred in a movie called Wedding Night and he wrote and starred in it
Sure, he also starred in The Amazing Spider-Man, and the Incredible Hulk
You're welcome
Cat's Cradle is written by Kurt Wimmer and is a speculative fiction.
Yes, if you like mythology, you might like Welcome to the Monkey House or The Sirens of Titan.
Yes, it was written by Charles Dickens. Have you heard of him?
You as well!
Kyrie Irving is an American professional basketball player
Yeah, he was a point guard as well as a point guard. Did you know he won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award?
I didn't know that. Is he a Clippers owner? I think he's a good guy.
I don't know much about him other than he's a singer. Do you like his music?
I do not know any other works by Sam Smith. I do know that he is a singer, songwriter and songwriter.
yes that is true. what else can i answer for you?
I'm not a huge basketball fan but I like the Dallas Cowboys. Do you like them?
I didn't know that, but I do know that The Madison Square Garden Company owns the Brooklyn Nets and the Brooklyn Nets.
Yes, the 76ers were the 76ers of the Philadelphia 76ers. I love the Philadelphia Bears!
Yes, he wrote American Pie and The Golden Compass. Have you seen either of those?
It's a great movie. Did you know Chris Weitz starred in it?
Yes, it does. Warren Zide also produced and starred in the movie The Golden Compass.
The Day After Tomorrow is a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
I have not seen it, but I know it starred Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal.
Yes, he was in that movie. He was a great actor. He was also in The Shining.
I'm not sure, but Jake Gyllenhaal starred in that movie as well.
I think they are a pretty good basketball team. What do you think of them?
Oh wow! That's pretty cool. I know Philadelphia Heat is a basketball team based in Philadelphia, but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys.
Oh yea, that's awesome! I really liked the Men in Black. The Men in Black was hilarious!
I didn't know that! That is a great movie! I really liked him in Men in Black.
Madame Bovary was written by Madame Bovary. It is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, it was. It was originally published in 1843 by William Shakespeare.
Yes, similar authors might be William Shakespeare, William Golding, William Wordsworth, William Golding, William Wordsworth, William Golding to name a few.
You're welcome
Ara Celi starred in American Beauty, have you seen it?
I don't have that information, but Ara Celi wrote it as well as starred in it as well.
He wrote American Beauty and some of the stars include Yul Vazquez
Yes, she is. Did you know she lost to a lot of famous tennis players?
Yes, she's a great tennis player.
Good Deeds is one of my favorite romantic comedies.
Yes, he directed The Storm. Have you seen that one?
He also wrote Sense and Sensibility
Sure, All the Money in the World was directed by Ridley Scott and was released in 2014
Well, Romain Duris starred in The Interview
Your welcome
Shakira has a new album out that she released in 2015. Is she a fan of hers?
I don't have that information, but Shakira was also a director.
It was the award for best female film
I think it's a great movie. I really like Caddyshack. Have you seen it?
It's a Fantasy. Do you like that genre?
The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate are similar. Have you seen those?
Sure! Wicked City was written by John Hodgman and has a genre of Thriller.
Sure! Margaret Atwood wrote Gone with the Wind and The Robber Bride. Have you read those?
He wrote Where the Red Fern Grows. Have you read that one?
Yes he has. Wilson Rawls also wrote the children's literature
It was released in 2005
Your welcome
Your welcome
Sure! Do you like The Notebook because it's a romantic comedy?
Yes, he also wrote Two By Two and True Believer. Have you read those?
I'm sorry, I don't have any suggestions of other novels by him.
You're welcome!
Sure, Tom Quirk wrote Moby Dick and The Whale. Have you read either of those?
That is correct. It was released in 1851 as well.
You're welcome
Yes, he wrote The Best Nest and Go, Dog, Go!
Yes, it is considered children's literature and children's literature as well.
Yes, he did. Dr. Suess wrote Go, Dog, Go!
Sure, he starred in Jurassic Park III and directed Jurassic Park III.
Surviving Picasso is a drama
Surviving Picasso also starred Robert De Niro, Anne Hathaway
Sure! He wrote The Sicilian and The Last Don. Have you read those?
Yes, it is. Do you like Godfather because he writes historical period dramas?
Sure, adding them now
Danny Boyle starred in Young Frankenstein, have you seen that one?
Yes, he was in 127 Hours, as well as James Franco. He also wrote and starred in A Storm of Swords.
127 Hours with Aron Ralston is a romantic comedy. It's a great movie.
Sure. Brad Pitt starred in all three of his movies. Do you like action movies?
He is in the movie Troy
Sorry there is no other information
Eddie Redmayne
your welcome
Yes, Fantastic 4: Rise of the Silver Surfer is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
Sure! He starred in the movie The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring and also in the Action/Adventure genre. Have you seen these?
You're welcome. Hope you enjoy!
Yes, he won the 2010 UEFA Champions League Final right?
Well, Oldboy is a Thriller, so if you like Thrillers you should watch it.
Philip Pullman wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke.
Robin Jarvis wrote a book called Robin Jarvis.
You're welcome
Sure. Stanley Corngold wrote Die Verwandlung
Die Verwandlung is written by Franz Kafka and released in 1915.
I haven't seen it but I do know that it's a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Taking Chance is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Linus Roache also starred in The Nanny Diaries.
Yeah, he was in that as well, along with Danny DeVito and Bill Murray.
Glad I could help.
Yes, it was written by Ian Fleming and is a spy film. Do you like those genres?
Robert Wade and Oprah Winfrey star in it.
It was released in 2005.
Yes, it was a television series.
You're welcome
Sure! Did you like it because it was written by David Mitchell or because it stars Tom Hanks?
Tom Tykwer starred in The Time Traveler's Wife and The Amazing Spider-Man
Charlize Theron has been in such films as Snow Angels and Theron
You're welcome
Charlize Theron has also been in Ocean's 8.
Sure, Taxi Driver is a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
Yes, one of the most popular thrillers I know is Shark Night
Another good thriller you might enjoy is Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee
Okay great enjoy!
That's a great movie. Do you like it because it's written by Stephen King?
Yes, he wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is a historical drama. Have you read it?
Yes, it was directed by Christopher Bigsby. He also directed Crime Fiction as well.
Yes, she starred in The Diary of a Young Girl. Have you seen that movie?
Sure, you might like The Return of the King or The Diary of Anne Frank. Have you read those?
Well, it's about Anne Frank's life of her lover, Anne Frank. The Diary of Anne Frank, she's also influenced by Anne Frank.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Do you like Star Wars? Episode III - Revenge of the Sith.
A Time to Kill stars Natalie Portman and Chris Hemsworth.
He also starred in The Expendables starring Matthew McConaughey
I hope you enjoy it.
Sure, he directed the movie True Romance. Have you seen it?
If you liked that one, you might also enjoy The Women of Brewster Place. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, Dan Brown wrote Angels & Demons which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he is a writer and director. He directed the drama We Are Kill. Have you seen that one?
Yes, We Are Marshall is a football movie. It has a genre of comedy and drama.
I don't know who wrote Angelo Pizzo, but I do know that it is a Romance film.
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional football team based in Tampa, Florida.
Yes, he did. He also used to coach the Chicago Bears.
Great! Have a great day!
I agree! He is a very good athlete. He has won the 2012 PGA Championship.
I like baseball and baseball. What about you?
I'm a huge fan of the Washington Redskins, and the Washington Redskins.
Scream is a horror. Do you like Horror films?
Yes. Jamie Kennedy starred in Scream 4.
You're welcome
You're welcome
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
It stars Stephen Rea, Stephen Fry, Stephen Fry and Stephen Fry to name a few.
It is a Romance film.
Sure. That was written by Cornelia Funkke and she also wrote Tintenblut. Do you like her work?
Anthea Bell also wrote Tintenblut, have you read that one?
Cinderella has genre Speculative fiction.
King Kong is a horror film. Do you like horror films?
Naomi Watts also starred in The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring.
The Painted Veil has genre Thriller and was directed by Ron Nyswaner.
You're welcome
Gary Chapman starred in The Five Love Languages and The Five Love Languages. Have you seen those?
Not sure, but The Five Love Languages: How to Express Heartfelt Commitment to Your Mate is a romantic comedy.
Yes, he starred in The Five Love Languages of Children , The Five Love Languages of Children, and The Five Love Languages of Children. Have you seen any of those?
He is a singer, songwriter, and songwriter. He was born in Rio de Janeiro. He wrote and starred in the movie The Five Love Languages
Frank Capra wrote It's a Wonderful Life. It's a Wonderful Life. what else can i answer for you?
Yes, he is a great writer , he also wrote Thriller
Yes, he also wrote a Wonderful Life
Did you know that he also wrote This is the End
She has starred in Un di Velt Hot Geshvign, have you seen that one?
It was released in 1958
it was released in 1958
yes, it is
I'm not sure, but it is a TV series
American Hustle is a drama and drama. Do you like that genre?
American Hustle is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It was written and directed by Paula Hawkins.
Woody Herman wrote Into the Wild and Into the Wild. Have you read those?
You're welcome
The Washington Redskins sucks. did you know their coach is John Fox?
Yes, he also coached the Oakland Raiders, did you know that?
Yes, it's a great sport to watch. Do you have a favorite team?
Sure! Do you like movies starring Steve Buscemi? It's a romantic comedy.
Sure Easy was written by Tammara Webber and released in 2012, She also wrote Where are You, and Breakable.
This book is a book that was released in 2012 and is written by Tammara Webber. She also wrote Where You Are.
She also wrote Where You Are and Breakable.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
You're welcome! Have a Great Day!
Steven Soderbergh directed Ocean's Eleven. Have you seen that one?
The Good German stars Sandra Bullock, Eddie Redmayne, and Eddie Redmayne.
He also starred in The Good German, which was written by Steven Soderbergh.
You're welcome!
Alan Moore starred in V for Vendetta. Have you seen it?
It was released in 2004. It's a science fiction thriller.
You're welcome
Richard J. Dunn wrote Wuthering Heights. Have you read that one?
It's considered a Gothic fiction. It was released in 1847. It's about a woman looking for a woman looking for her life.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, The Eye of the World was written by Robert Jordan and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Simone Elkeles wrote Wild Cards, Rules of Attraction, and Wild Cards.
Rules of Attraction was released in 2001 and the genre is fantasy.
You might like Wildwood Dancing or Wildwood Dancing.
You're welcome
Spirit Bound was written by Richelle Mead a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Twilight is written by Stephenie Meyer.
Vampire Academy: The Vampire Academy series
Your welcome
Charles Dickens wrote Oliver Twist, The Old Curiosity Shop, and Oliver Twist. Have you read any of those?
Yes, Leo wrote a lot of interesting work like The Darkest Whispers, The Old Curiosity Shop and The Wild Life.
Yes, it is. It's considered a fiction and a biography.
Yes, that is a great book. Did you know he is also a teacher?
Great, have a great day!
Yes, Peter Segal directed The Longest Yard and The Longest Ride. Have you seen those?
Yes, he did! He also produced and starred in the movie 50 First Dates.
I'm not sure who else stars in that film, but Adam Sandler was also in 50 First Dates.
He wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. Have you seen Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them?
JK Rowling also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
The Tales of Beedle the Bard is considered a fantasy.
Newt Scamander appeared in Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them was written by JK Rowlings. It is a speculative fiction.
Yes. Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban is a good book.
Michael O'Neill starred in Transformers
Traffic and Seabiscuit was produced by Michael O'Neill.
Then you might like Catch-22. It's a crime drama.
No problem.
He plays for the Spain national football team. Do you like soccer?
I am not a fan of soccer, I prefer American football. What sport do you like?
You're welcome. Have a good day.
Do you like it because it's a comedy?
It was released in 2005 and also stars Hugh Jackman.
You're welcome
Yes, Woody Allen directed that movie. Have you seen it?
It's a Romance film. Do you like that genre?
Yes, I like murder mystery too. I think I like it as well.
Yes, Shutter Island is a Crime Fiction Film
Sure, Mansfield Park was written by Tony Goldwyn and a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
Persuasion is written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
Persuasion was released in 1817.
Yes, Horrible Bosses is written by Michael Mark Kamen and is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
I don't think so, but he did have a starring role in that movie.
Oh, he's a great actor. He's a great actor. He's also a writer and a director.
He's a great tennis player. Did you know he's from Switzerland?
Not really, but I think he lost to a lot of famous tennis players. What about you?
I agree, but not a fan of tennis, what sport do you like?
Yes, Cornelia Funke wrote Inkheart and Tintenherz.
Other books by Cornelia Funke include Inkheart and Tinkerbell.
No I haven't read that one, but The Giving Tree is a book by Cornelia Funke. Do you like her books?
Sure! Gary Paulsen wrote The Book Thief and The Hitchhiker's Guide. Have you read those?
The River is a speculative fiction and fantasy book. Do you like that genre?
Have you seen The Devil Wears Prada or The River? Both are excellent thrillers.
You are welcome! Enjoy!
Shawn Levy directed Night at the Museum. Have you seen that one?
It starred Christian Bale and Anthony Hopkins. Do you like either of those actors?
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. But Real Steel was produced by Shawnee Smith.
Did you like it because it's a Crime Fiction?
If you like Crime Fiction, you might also like You've Got Mail or You've Got Served.
Your welcome
The Untouchables is one of my favorite Crime Fiction movies. Have you seen it?
I think he's a great soccer player. Did you know he's from Liverpool?
Yes, they play in Wembley Stadium in London
Are you referring to Alice Walker who wrote The Temple of My Familiar?
He wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer, The Portable Atheist, and The Portable Atheist.
Your welcome
I think he's a good soccer player. Do you like soccer?
Yes he did. He also won the Bravo award.
Bojan Krkic also plays for the Argentina national football team.
Yes, he was a midfielder as well.
Yes, it is a great book written by Patrick Rothfuss. Do you like his books?
The Wise Man's Fear is written by Patrick Rothfuss.
It's a fantasy book
Your welcome
Yes, it was written by Kiera Cass. Are you familiar with her work?
The Siren is a film, she also wrote, directed, and produced and starred in The Siren.
She also wrote, directed, and starred in the film 2012, which is a thriller.
The film was produced by Roland Emmerich and Kiera Cass.
His music is influenced by a lot of different people.
Sure, do you like the movie because it is a biographical film?
Jesse Eisenberg starred in The Ugly Truth and The Green Mile.
The Hummingbird Project was released in 2014.
No problem.
I do. Did you know that he starred in Treasure Island? He also wrote The Man in the Iron Mask.
It's a fiction. Do you like fiction?
Great. I hope you enjoy
If you like Treasure Island, you should also check out Mansfield Park.
I haven't seen it but I know it was written by Robert Mark Kamen and stars Morgan Freeman. Do you like them?
Danny Aiello also starred in The Recruit, have you seen that one?
Yes, he was in the Godfather movies.
You are welcome.
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit. It is a story about a race horse. Do you like horses?
She also wrote Seabiscuit, a story about a race horse.
It was originally published in 2002. Anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome
Sure, do you like Aladdin because it is written by Ron Clements or because it is starring Tom Hanks?
Aladdin is written by Ron Clements and starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Ron Clements?
The Lion King came out in 2015.
You're welcome!
Sure, he wrote To Have and Have Not, The Sun Also Rises, and The Sun Also Rises.
He also wrote A Farewell to Arms and For Whom the Bell Tolls.
That book was released in 1876, so it's a classic!
You're welcome
You're welcome!
Yes, he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints. Do you like football?
Well, I don't really follow football, but I do know he's a quarterback, right?
Yes, he also starred in Shaggy Dog. Have you seen that one?
yea hes good. what do you think about him?
Yes, he is a speculative fiction writer. Do you like that genre?
White Oleander also starred Sylvester Stallone and Morgan Freeman. Do you like them?
White Oleander has genre Science Fiction and Drama. Do you like those genres?
Sure! A Grief Observed is written by C.S. Lewis.
A Grief Observed was released in 1945
The Weight of Glory is a fantasy novel. Do you like that genre?
Done. Enjoy!
Sure, he starred in The A-Team. Have you seen that one?
Yes, they are a professional basketball team based in Chicago, Illinois
No, but the Madison Square Garden is owned by Jerry Bruckheimer
Oh my gosh, I like the Hornets!
Yes, John Berendt wrote The Lady in the Lake and The City of Falling Angels.
The Lady & Sons Savannah Country Cookbook was released in 2005.
You are welcome!
You're welcome!
I'm not sure who directed it, but I do know it was written by Sarah Dessen.
He also wrote The Fault in Our Stars, which was a mini-fiction.
Yes, he did. He also wrote Paper Towns, which was a mini-fiction.
You're welcome!
I don't know much about him other than he's a soccer player. Do you like soccer?
Yes, he also played in Minuch, and Weilheim Oberbayern
I agree. What do you think about Thomas Muller?
Yes, he has a decent stats. He plays for the Germany national football team as well.
Gore Verbinski directed Rango, starring Johnny Depp.
Well, if you like westerns, you might like The Mexican by him, or The Mexican by him.
You're welcome
The prestige was written by Christopher Nolan who also wrote The Dark Knight Rises.
The genre is Thriller
Yes they did and Christopher Nolan also wrote The Dark Knight Rises
It stars Christian Bale and Anthony Hopkins
He also starred in the movie The Dark Knight Rises
Your welcome
L. Frank Baum wrote The WOnderful Wizards of Waverly Place and The Golden Compass.
Yes, it is considered a fantasy as well as a fantasy novel.
Yes, Voyager is a Speculative Fiction as well as Fantasy. Do you like those types of books?
Yes, Diana Gabaldon is the author of Diana Gabaldon.
Sorry, I don't have that information. Anything else I can help you with?
You are welcome
Sorry, I don't have that information right now.
I am not sure, but The Holiday was released in 1996.
It is a Fantasy-drama Film.
yea, Sarah Parish has a lot of great thrillers. you should watch The Holiday which is starring Sarah Parish
yes she starred in that movie
Sure, WALLE is a speculative fiction and science fiction. Do you like those genres?
Sure- The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe and the Wardrobe.
Sure- it's a good one. It's a great sci-fi movie.
Yes, it is! State of the Union is a great movie!
It stars Hugh Jackman, Hugh Jackman, and Tom Hanks.
That one was released in 2008.
Just Listen was written by Sarah Dessen and is Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Sure, you might also like Water for Elephants written by Sarah Dessen and is in the Speculative Fiction genre.
Sure, it's also considered young adult fiction and was released in 2008.
Sure. She wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and The Great Gilly Hopkins. Have you read those?
Yes, it's a children's book. It's considered a children's literature.
The Witch of Blackbird Pond was written by Virginia Woolf and Katherine Paterson.
I have not seen Ocean's Twelve, but Ocean's Twelve is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The one starred George Nolfi. Ocean's Twelve stars George Nolfi and Morgan Freeman.
Great! I hope you like it!
Robert Lewandowski is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Bayern Munich II and the Brazil national team. Do you like soccer?
Yes, I like football. What's your favorite team?
I don't really follow soccer, I know a lot about soccer, but I prefer American football, you?
Paul Sorvino starred in The Stuff and The Rocketeer. Have you seen those?
Yes, Jack Thorne starred in The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus and The Return of the Native
It is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he is a screenwriter and a screenwriter.
Certainly, you got it!
She wrote Snow Flower and The Secret Fan
China Dolls has a genre of Speculative Fiction
It is a fiction novel written by Liam Neeson. Do you like his work?
You're welcome
Do you like Pulp Fiction because it's written by Roger Avary?
Grindhouse was directed by Rob Zombie and he also wrote Death Proof.
It is a drama starring Rob Zombie and Zach Galifianakis. It was released in 2004.
Sure! It was written by Stieg Larsson and was released in 2006.
Syeig Larsson wrote The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo and The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo.
The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo is a fantasy novel released in 2005
You're welcome
You're welcome
Yes, he starred in a lot of action movies. Do you like action movies?
It's a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Yes, Ken Kesey wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest. It's a fantasy novel. Do you like that genre?
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest is a fantasy book. Do you like that genre?
Great, I hope you enjoy!
I think he's a good basketball player. What do you think?
I don't really follow Michael Jordan, I think he's a good actor. I like Space Jam. He's a great actor.
Oh yeah. That's a great movie for kids. It's a family movie. Do you like family movies?
Yes, he did. He also wrote and starred in Ghostbusters 2
Sure, Rob Cohen starred in The Skulls. Have you seen it?
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Fast and the Furious, which is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
That's a great movie. Did you know he also starred in A Man Apart as well?
You're welcome
He also wrote Travels with Charley: In Search of America, Tortilla Flat, and The Winter of the World.
Joe Morton is a great actor. He starred in lots of movies including What Lies Beneath, The Running Man, and The Running Man.
Yes he did, he also starred in that movie
Yes, that is a good one as well.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Bill Neukom.
I'm not a huge football fan but I do watch it regularly. I'm sure it's going to watch it once.
I like action thrillers like Shark Night starring Katharine McPhee.
It's a fiction novel written by Paula McLain and released in 2011. Do you like her work?
Sure! Circling the Sun was released in 2015, the year that released The Paris Wife.
You're welcome! Have a Great Day!
You're welcome!
Do you like Psychological Thrillers?
Eraserhead has genre Thriller. what else can i answer for you?
Eraserhead is a thriller. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
Josh Boone directed The Fault in Our Stars.
The Fault in Our Stars has a genre of young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
It's a young-adult fiction.
You're welcome!
Do you like it because it's a thriller?
It was written by Robert Jordan and directed by Roland Emmerich. Would you like to know more about him?
Yes, it's a war movie. It's based on a book of the same name.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Sure! She wrote Where You Are, Easy, Breakable and Breakable. Have you read those?
Where You Are was released in 2004.
Where You Are was released in 2011 and also the year that released Where You Are
The Phantom Tollbooth was written by Norton Juster.
Sure, Peter Cushing starred in Twins of Evil. what else can i answer for you?
He also starred in Twins of Evil, Torture Garden, and Top Secret.
The Revenge of Frankenstein was written by William Golding and released in 1981.
Is there anything else I can help with?
Peter Gallagher starred in The Truman Show. Have you seen that one?
While You Were Sleeping has a genre of drama, comedy, and drama. Do you like those genres?
Rick Worthy was the author of this film.
Glad I could help.
Yaphet Kotto starred in The Thomas Crown Affair and The Running Man
Yes, The Running Man is a action film
I like him in the Chronicles of Riddick
You are welcome
Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush Hush is a Bollywood film. Have you seen it?
She also wrote Hush, Hush, Hush, Hush, and Crescendo. Have you read any of these?
You are welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Great, I hope you like it!
It was written by Jeannette Wells and released in 2005.
The Glass Castle was written by Jeannette Walls
It was released in 2005
Your welcome
Yes, John Carpenter directed Escape from New York and Assault on Precinct 13.
Yes he did. He also directed Escape from New York.
Yes, he also starred in that movie. He's a great actor.
Rhonda Byrne wrote The Secret, the Power, and the Magic
I am not sure who else wrote The Secret, but The Secret was produced by Sean Byrne.
She wrote The Secret which was released in 2014.
Yes, John Ratzenberger starred in The Truman Show and The Secrets of a Fire King. Have you seen those?
Sure! Your Friend the Rat is a romantic comedy starring Jodi Foster and Morgan Freeman. It was released in 2007.
Yes, it is a Ratatouille and also a Ratatouille.
You're welcome
I have not read it, but I know it is written by Spike Jonze and is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
Have you seen the movie Marlon Brando? It is a family friendly movie.
It sure does! I hope you enjoy it!
Still Alice is a Fantasy film starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Fantasy films?
Did you know that he is also a film producer? He starred in it.
Great! I hope you enjoy!
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Sure! Mark Haddon is an American film director and a director. He starred in a lot of action movies. Have you seen them?
Yes, the Red House adapted into a film starring Danny DeVito and Russell Crowe.
Yes he did, he also produced and starred in it as well.
You're welcome
Yes, he starred in Zookeeper and The Waterboy. Have you seen those?
Kevin James also starred in Zookeeper. That was a romantic comedy.
I don't think so, but it's a comedy.
Yes, Once Upon a Time in America was written by Sergio Leon. Do you like his work?
Well, Once Upon a Time in America is a good Crime Fiction movie starring Sergio Leone. Do you like Crime Fiction movies?
I don't know who stars in Nightcrawler, but he's a great actor.
You're welcome.
I know a little about him. He's a quarterback for the Green Bay Packers. Are you a fan of him?
The Order was released in 1985, the same year The Dark Knight Rises was released
I am not sure who else starred in it, but the movie was directed by Heath Ledger
You're welcome
Yes, it is a very good movie starring Tom Hanks. It's a Thriller. Do you like him?
I'm sorry, I don't have any more information on Drama movies, but Michael Lewis also wrote The Blind Side.
Moneyball is a drama movie starring Michael Lewis and John Lee Hancock. It was released in 2010.
Sure! It was written by Cassandra Clare and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Some other books by Cassandra Clare include The Shadowhunter's Codex and The Mortal Instruments Boxed Set: City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Bones; City of Ashes; City of Glass.
Sure, The Shadowhunter's codex is written by Cassandra Clare and is part of a series.
You're welcome!
Alfonso Cuaron directed The Mexican
Yes, he did. He also directed Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire.
Yes, he did. It's considered a drama and a drama.
You're welcome!
It's a Romance novel written by C.S. Lewis and is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
He also wrote Nowhere Boy and Voyager. Have you read those?
You're welcome
I think he's a great artist. Did you know he wrote Yellow Submarine starring John Lennon?
Yes, he's a great singer. Did you know he's from Liverpool?
Yes, he also plays for the Manchester United F.C. and the Philadelphia Eagles.
Oh yes, he's in my playlist. What's your favorite song by Paul McCartney?
Me, too! Laurie Halse Anderson wrote Wintergirls and Twisted. Have you read those?
Wintergirls was released in 2010 and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Sure, no problem. Enjoy!
Yes, Rihanna is a very talented singer. Do you like her? She is a very talented singer.
Yes, she has a very good voice. Did you know she is from Russia?
It is a romantic comedy.
He starred in The World According to Garp. Have you seen that one?
Sure, Marc Forester starred in The World According to Garp, The Book Thief and The Book Thief.
It's a romantic comedy.
You're welcome
Yes, Mockingjay was written by Suzanne Collins and is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Well, I would recommend The Hunger Games. It is also a War novel.
Yes, that is correct.
Jonathan Dayton starred in Little Miss Sunshine which is a drama. Do you like drama?
Yes. Did you know Jonathan Dayton also starred in Little Miss Sunshine?
He also starred in a version of Elizabeth. He also wrote Little Miss Sunshine.
She's a great actress. She has been in a lot of movies. She's been in The Princess and the Frog, The Lion King, and the Wardrobe.
You're welcome!
A Walk to Remember was written by Nicholas Sparks and is a speculative fiction. Do you like those genres?
The Wedding Date is a teen drama written by Nicholas Sparks. Have you read it?
Yes, it is a drama and also a drama. Do you like those genres?
Two By Two was also written by Nicholas Sparks and is a crime fiction. Do you like those types of books?
The Matrix Revolutions was directed by Lana Wachowski and stars Keanu Reeves and Laurence Fishburne.
Yea, Keanu Reeves starred in The Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Reloaded, and The Matrix Reloaded.
I'm not sure, but I know he directed and produced the movie Man of Steel, which is a drama
Sorry, I don't have that information. Something else I can help you with?
Charlize Theron was the director.
You're welcome!
Yes, Simon West directed The Mechanic. Have you seen it?
Did you know that he also wrote Con Air?
I don't have any recent movies but he did have some action in the thriller genre
You are welcome
I hope you enjoy the movie!
Yes, M.L. Stedman wrote The Light Between Oceans.
Yes, 2012 was the year that released The Light Between Oceans, released in 2014.
Yes, he also directed The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo which was released in 2013.
You're welcome!
Daphne du Maurier wrote Rebecca, My Cousin Rachel and Jamaica Inn.
My Cousin Rachel has a genre of Historical fiction and drama.
It came out in 1946.
You are welcome.
I don't really follow them, but I do know that they are owned by Bill Bidwill.
I haven't been in a long time since they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLVII.
i don't have that information. what else can i do for you?
i hope they have a good coach. what do you think about him?
yea i think so. what else can i answer for you?
Yes, I do. Did you know he dated and dated but a bit of old music?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like romance?
Yes, it also has Justin Timberlake, who also starred in Better Luck Tomorrow and Dear John.
I do, did you know he's a singer/songwriter?
American Idol is a great movie. Do you like any of his other movies?
Yea, that's a great choice. Aiken is a great host of America's Got Talent. Aiken isn't it?
Yes, she did write and starred in that movie as well.
Well Joseph Sikora starred in the X-Men Origins: Wolverine, which is a Thriller.
The Watcher is a Drama. Similar to The Watcher is Shark Night. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he did. Leonardo Dicaprio also starred in a Thriller called No Strings Attached.
You're welcome!
Me, too! She wrote Little Altars Everywhere. Have you read it?
I think you might like some of my favorite poets, Willie Garson, Anne Hathaway and Anne Hathaway
You're welcome
It was written by St. John Mandel and was released in 2014.
Toni Morrison wrote The Bluest Eye and The Bluest Eye. Have you read those?
Its a fiction
The Bluest Eye is a fiction genre
Enter's Game was written by Lois Lowry
You are welcome
Downfall is a War film. Do you like War movies?
I don't know who starred in this movie, but I know it was written by Richard Condon.
You're welcome
Andrew Stanton wrote and starred in a lot of action movies. Do you like action movies?
He also starred in the movie A Bug's Life. Have you seen that one?
I don't know who else wrote Toy Story 3 but he did write and directed that movie.
Yes, The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
Well, it's a drama written by Alyson Noel. Have you read it?
Great Gatsby is a play written by Roland Emmerich, he also wrote "The Great Gatsby".
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
He starred in Playing for Keeps. Have you seen it?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 1997.
Sure. Done. Enjoy!
I have, it was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Ralph Fiennes and Colin Farrell.
It was released in 1994 and was written by Martin McDonagh.
Yes, he did and that was a great movie.
You're welcome
Sure, he directed American Pie and The Golden Compass. Have you seen either of those?
He also directed the movie American Pie. Have you seen it?
No, I haven't seen Lady in the Water, but Chris Weitz starred in that one. It's a drama.
Sure, he directed both The Godfather and The Godfather. Have you seen those?
Yes, The Nightingale is a great children's literature. Do you like children's literature?
I don't know any others by her but if you like short stories you might enjoy The Nightingale.
I don't have any more information on those books, but I can recommend some other short stories if you like.
I think he starred in The Expendables 2 and in The Expendables
It's a very good movie. Did you know he also starred in The Expendables 2.
You're welcome
Yes, it is a great crime fiction movie starring Bruce Willis. Are you a fan of that genre?
Yes he did. He also wrote A Good Day to Die Hard
How the Grinch Stole Christmas is a Romance film written by George R.R. Martin and is a Children's literature. Do you like that genre?
Yes, The Lorax has also a genre Children's Literature and is written by Theodore Lesieg.
Yes, The Sneetches and Other Stories is a Children's literature that also falls under the Children's literature category.
You're welcome!
Whiplash was directed by Damien Chazelle and released in 2014. Have you seen it?
She also starred in The Longest Ride. Have you seen that one?
Tiago Riani also starred in The Longest Ride. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Yes, it is. He also directed and starred in The Longest Ride.
No I haven't seen Faster but I know he directed Faster.
You're welcome
I like the Dallas Cowboys better. Do you have a favorite team?
Oh yea the one with Drew Brees! I loved him on TV when he was on TV, right?
Oh, I agree. They have a good season this year!
Larissa wrote асска арамаовести.
Eeccbl is a speculative fiction.
You're welcome!
Sure! Did you like The Notebook because it was written by Nicholas Sparks?
Have you read Post-Apocalyptic fiction by Joseph Heller?
I am not sure, but I do know it was written by Sarah Dessen.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy!
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Dwight Schar and owned by Bud Adams.
Yeah, he's a pretty good person. I think he's from Guadalajara. Who is your favorite player?
I didn't realize that, but the brain tumor was a brain tumor. Who is your favorite sport?
Cheryl Strayed wrote Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
Have you read anything by Cheryl Strayed or anything else?
You're welcome!
Sure! The Cuckoo's Calling is written by J.K. Rowling and was released in 2013.
She also wrote The Cuckoo's Calling and The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian. Have you read those?
It's a fantasy novel. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome
Yes, he starred in The Pacifier and The Human Stain. Do you like action movies?
Yes, it is. It is a Comedy Central movie starring Thomas Lennon. Do you like him?
I haven't seen it but I know it was produced by Thomas Lennon. I think he also produced and starred in Ghostbusters.
That book was written by Lois Lowry, who also wrote Little House on the Prairie.
Sure! Little House on the Prairie is written by Virginia Woolf who also wrote Little House on the Prairie
Little House on the Prairie is a Children's literature book written by Virginia Woolf. Do you like that author?
Yes, I like her sister Serena better. Do you like her sister Serena?
I didn't know that but I do know that she also starred in the Hair Show.
Wow, I didn't know that. That is a great tennis match. What is your favorite team?
Yes, The Lost Symbol made the best seller list
Yes, he starred in Larry Crown
Yes, he did. Tom Hanks also wrote The Da Vinci Code.
There is The Da Vinci Code starring Tom Hanks. Tom Hanks also starred in Larry Crown
The Da Vinci Code starring Tom Hanks is a Drama
You are welcome
Yes, X-Men Orgins:Wolverine is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a war film.
You might like The Wolves of Mercy Falls if you like action movies.
Yes he did. He also starred in X-Men: First Class. Have you seen that one?
Tim Dolin wrote Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented.
It's a great book.
He also wrote A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented
Rick Yancey wrote The Monstrumologist, The Last Star, and The Infinite Sea.
Sutton has written many great works such as The Dragon Keeper, The Dragon Keeper, and The Dragon Keeper.
Your welcome
Yes, We're The Millers is a great movie starring Tom Hanks. Do you like his movies?
Thomas Lennon also starred in The Ten, which is a drama. He also starred in Sharp Objects.
Yes, I think you'll enjoy them.
Sure, Gone with the Wind was written by Margaret Atwood. Do you like it because it's a drama?
Well, it's similar to Gone with the Wind, which is a Romance film.
The Untouchables was written by John Grisham and is a Crime Fiction Film.
You are welcome.
Did you know that it's a Romance film starring Tom Hanks?
Two By Two is written by Nicholas Sparks. Have you read it?
It is a Young-adult fiction, do you like that genre?
I don't know much about them, but I know they are a K-pop boy band.
Sure! Cornelia Funke wrote Inkheart and Tintenblut. Have you read those?
The book was made into a movie starring Cornelia Funke. Have you seen it?
You are welcome!
Do you like the Hangover Part II because it's a comedy?
It is a science fiction action film directed by David Ayer and written by John Green
You are welcome
He wrote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.
It's a fiction film. It's considered a drama.
You're welcome!
He starred in Hook Ya Crook. Have you seen it?
That's a good sport to watch. What sport do you like?
Robert Duvall starred in Hook Ya Crook. Have you seen it?
Sure! Tracy Chevalier wrote The Virgin Blue, The Last Runaway, and the Lady and the Unicorn. Have you read any of those?
Yes, The Last Runaway was published in 1987.
You're welcome!
The BFG is written by Roald Dahl and is a fantasy. Do you like that author?
Yes, Going Solo is a Children's literature. Other books in that genre include The Fault in Our Stars and The Forest House.
Yes, he also wrote A Clockwork Orange, which is a Autobiography.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, they are coached by David Platt. Do you like football?
Yes, he wrote The Chronicles of Narnia: The Return of Sherlock Holmes and The Lord of the Rings.
Sure, do you like the movie because it's a Fantasy?
Sure, he also wrote and starred in Thor and The Incredible Hulk
Sure, Stan Lee also starred in The Incredible Hulk and he also starred in Thor
You are most welcome
Sure! Howls Moving Castle is starring Diana Wynne Jones, who also starred in Castle.
Jon Favreau wrote Wag the Dog. Have you heard of that one?
Joe Johnston directed The Wolfman. Have you seen that one?
Great! The First Avenger is starring Scarlett Johansson and Chris Evans.
Yes, he was in that movie as well. He also starred in The Dark Knight Rises.
You're welcome
Sure, did you like Sharp Objects because it was written by Gillian Flynn or because it is a Mystery?
She also wrote Sharp Objects.
Yes, Gillian Flynn starred in it.
It was released in 2015.
Yes, he is a great writer. He wrote a lot of popular movies including Breakfast at Tiffany's and Ugly Love.
It is a drama. Do you like those genres?
Sure. Did you like the sci-fi or action aspect of it?
A.I. Artificial Intelligence has a great cast, including Bruce Willis, Philip Reeves and Philip Baker Hall.
I don't have access to that information right now but it is written by Philip K. Dick.
You're welcome
Sure! He also wrote New Moon: The Complete Illustrated Movie companion
Yes, the Twilight series is a Thriller, do you like that genre?
She also wrote the Chemist which was turned into a movie as well.
You're welcome!
Sure, Martin McDonagh starred in the horror film Seven Psychopaths. Do you like those?
Its a Psychological Thriller starring Jason Statham
Your welcome
Sure, Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien? He also wrote The City of Ember.
It's a young adult fiction that also falls into that category. It's a very good book.
You're welcome
No problem!
Rickie Fowler is an American athlete. He plays golf. Do you like golf?
I didn't know that movie, I know Adam Sandler starred in that movie. He was also in a relationship with Ian McKellen.
She starred in a lot of movies. I love Julia Bowen!
Sure! She starred in The Ice Harvest and The Hunted, among others.
I don't have that information. However, Connie Nielsen also starred in The Ice Harvest.
I am not sure, but he was also in The Ice Harvest
The 5th Wave is a Fantasy. Do you like those genres?
Ricky Yancey also released in 2016 has genre Thriller.
He also wrote The Infinite Seas, which is a good one.
The Last Star is a mystery book written by Rick Yancey as well.
You are welcome
Yes, she's a very talented singer. I like her in Valentine's Day, have you seen it?
Yeah, she was in the movie Valentine's Day, as she has a record label with synthpop and synthpop.
Yeah, she was. Did you know she also starred in Shrek Forever After, which was a comedy?
I do! He starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, X-Men: First Class, and X-Men: First Class.
Yes, I have seen Wolverine. Would you like to know more about it?
I like Ted. Did you know he also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine?
I hope you enjoy the movie.
Did you know he starred in Men in Black 3?
My favorite song by him is Rhythm and Blue
Did you know that he used to be in a relationship with Taylor Swift?
Do you like Star Wars? Episode III - Revenge of the Sith.
Nolan Gerard Funk starred in Revenge of the Sith
He was also in the X-Men series
Sure! Do you like it because it's a Romance Film?
Grown up was directed by Steven Spielberg
Yes he did and Dennis Dugan also produced the movie 50 Dates
your welcome
Victor Hugo has starred in movies such as The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
The Hunchback of Notre Dame was released in 1946.
Yes, it's considered a Gothic Fiction book.
Great, I think you will enjoy it!
You're welcome
Paul Thomas Anderson starred in Water for Elephants. Have you seen that?
Yes, I like her. She starred in We Bought a Zoo and The Wild Life. Have you seen those?
Yea, I haven't heard any of his songs, but I have heard he's done a lot and is also a singer.
Yea, he is a lyricist and a lyricist as well.
Anthony Hopkins starred in both Bobby and The Edge. Have you seen those?
They are both action and adventure films.
Sorry, I don't have that information. Something else I can help you with?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I don't know much about them, but I know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt and owned by Bud Adams.
I agree, they have a good season. Do you have a favorite team?
I think they did shot a shot in the Superbowl. I think they did a shot this year.
Yes, Isaiah Thomas was the point guard for the Denver Broncos.
Yes, the Nuggets are with the Denver Nuggets
Yes, it was a great movie. Did you know John Lennon was also in it?
The Tragicall Historie of Hamlet Prince of Denmark is written by William Shakespeare. Have you read that one?
Sorry, I do not have that information
Okay glad i could help
Yes, she is a Romanian professional tennis player. She is from Constanta and has played in the London 2012 Summer Olympics.
I think Serena Williams is a female tennis player as well. I think Serena Williams is very good.
I see. I think she lost to a lot of people like Serena and Roger Federer.
I'm not a fan of the Baltimore Ravens, but I do like their coach Jim Caldwell.
Yes he did, he also coached the San Francisco 49ers.
I believe it was the year that he coached the Colts.
Yes, Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and is a speculative fiction.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was released in 1886.
It's a thriller.
You might like The Return of the King or The Prisoner of Azkaban.
I'm sorry I don't have that information. Something else I can help you with?
Sure, I'll send it to you.
Yes, there was a movie based on Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone.
Yes he also wrote and directed that movie he wrote and produced it.
Kenneth H. Blanchard wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
Kenneth H. Blanchard wrote it. He also wrote A Clockwork Orange and The One Minute Manager. Have you read those?
You Can Win a Non-fiction book released in 1985.
You are welcome.
It was written by James Dashner. Do you like his work?
Yes, she did write that as well. She also wrote The Fountainhead. Have you read that one?
You're welcome
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories ?
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror are horror books from the same time period.
The Girl Next Door was written by Stephanie Meyer. Would you like to read it?
He also wrote a lot of horror books. He is also a film producer.
She wrote Little Lord Fauntleroy, have you read that one?
Yes, it's a romance novel. Do you enjoy romance novels?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Do you like the movie because it's a thriller?
Yes she did and he also wrote Go Set a Watchman
She also wrote Go Set A Watchman
She also wrote Go Set a Watchman
Yes, it is a great movie starring Al Pacino and Sofia Coppola. Do you like Al Pacino?
I have, it is starring Al Pacino and was released in 2005.
He also starred in the movie Apocalypse Now, have you seen it?
I can tell you that Michael Byrne also starred in The Godfather Part II which is a drama.
I'm not sure, but I know Michael Byrne also starred in the Vampyres
No problem!
Seamus Heaney wrote Beowulf.
It is a fantasy novel. Do you like that genre?
It is written in English and released in 1595.
Yes, he starred in The Terminator and The Order. Have you seen those?
He's been in The Terminator, The Order, and The Order.
Lionheart is a fantasy film. It also starred Brian Thompson.
Harrison Page also starred in Battlefield Earth and Skyfall.
Harrison Page also starred in Haunted Boss?
No problem!
Martin McDonagh starred in the Romantic Comedy Zookeeper. Have you seen it?
Seven Psychopaths starred Robert Duvall, David Oyelowo, and David Oyelowo to name a few.
Seven Psychopaths is a Psychological Thriller. Do you like that genre?
I agree! He's a great shooting guard. Did you know he won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award?
I think he's a shooting guard for the Houston Rockets right? I don't watch basketball too. Who's your favorite player?
Wilson Chandler was a great shooting guard too. I think he's a great shooting guard too.
Sure! Do you like the author John Green? He also wrote The Name of the Wind.
Sure. Do you like Alien because it's a sci-fi or action movie?
Yes, he is! He produced the movie Alien. Do you like action movies?
I am not sure if he has directed anything else, but I do know he is a screenwriter as well.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
The Rosie Project was written by Graeme Simsion and was released in 2013.
Yes, The Project Effect was written by Amy Sedaris and is a Science Fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is a great book. Do you like science fiction?
Sure, Antoine Fuqua wrote Olympus Has Fallen, Olympus Has Fallen and Olympus Has Fallen.
Olympus has a great cast consisting of Natalie Portman, Jennifer Love Hewitt , and Antoine Fuqua.
I am not sure but Antoine Fuqua produced Olympus has Fallen.
It was written by John Cusack.
Yes, he's a good actor. Did you know he starred in Friends with Benefits?
Yeah, he was in Ocean's Eleven. Have you seen it?
I am not sure if he is, but he is a celebrity friend to Tyga.
Sure, do you like books by J.R.R. Tolkien? He also wrote Raise High the Roof Beam and Nine Stories.
Harper Lee wrote To Kill a Mockingbird. He also wrote Go Set a Watchman and it was released in 1960.
Yes, he also wrote Go Set a Watchman and the Emperor's New Groove.
You're welcome!
It was written by Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
Yes, The Shadowhunter's Codex was written by her.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I'm not a fan of the Yankees, but I do like the Boston Red Sox. Do you like them?
Well, he owns the Boston Red Sox and owns the Boston Red Sox
I am not sure who else is in it, but the Yankees have a lot of good players like Roger Federer and Roger Federer.
Did Michael Jackson have a deadly heart attack? He died of a heart attack.
Yes, Tiny Tim is a folk rocker and songwriter.
I think she is a good badminton player. What about you?
I didn't watch badminton, but I do know that she also participated in the 2012 Olympics.
Ok, I'll have to check it out. Thanks for the info!
I haven't seen it, but I heard it's a good movie starring Sacrifice. Do you like action movies?
The Amazing Spider-Man is a fantasy novel written by Stan Lee. Do you like fantasy books?
He also wrote The Amazing Spider-Man: The Amazing Spider-Man
Yes, it is a fantasy adventure movie starring Maggie Smith
You are welcome
Gillian Flynn wrote What Do You Do
The genre is fiction
The Fault in Our Stars
You are welcome
He wrote Heretics of Dune and Heretics of Dune.
Okay, have you heard of this book? It's a Psychological Thriller.
I'm not sure of that information, but I can recommend some other Psychological Thrillers if you like.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy!
Sure. Did you like the movie because it was written by Madagascar?
Then you might also like Zombieland, it is a great family comedy.
You are welcome.
Yes, The Eye of the World was written by Robert Jordan and is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
Did you like it because it was written by Wizard of Oz, or because it is a fantasy?
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy!
You're welcome!
Yes, Little Miss Sunshine was written by Louisa May Alcott and she also wrote Little Miss Sunshine.
It's a classic! It's a staple! It's a classic!
You're welcome
Yes, it was written by Sara Gruen and is a Romance novel. Do you like romance books?
No, but I have read At the Water's Edge.
No, I haven't heard of Ape House. Is that a Romance novel?
Yes, I think you will enjoy it
Have a good day
Have a Great Day!
Beautiful Disaster is a novel written by Jamie McGuire and released in 2011. It is considered a drama.
Jamie McGuire also wrote Beautiful Oblivion which was released in 2015
You're welcome!
Pulp Fiction was written by Quentin Tarantino.
John Travolta also starred in The Dharma Bums.
She was in The Hunger Games. Have you seen that one?
Sandra Ellis Lafferty was also in Walk the Line.
OK, thanks.
Sure! Joseph Heller wrote The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe.
I don't know much about football, but I know that they are a sports team.
Not really. I am more of a fan of hockey than football. What sports do you like?
I like the Dallas Cowboys! What's your favorite Lakers fan?
Sure. He is a writer. He wrote The Fault in Our Stars. Have you read that one?
Zodiac was released in 2002, and the movie was directed by David Fincher.
It has a great cast, including David Ayer, David Ayer, David Ayer, David Ayer, David Ayer, David Ayer, David Ayer, and David Ayer.
You're welcome! Have a Great Day!
Norton Juster wrote The Phantom Tollbooth. Have you read it?
You might like The Looking Glass Wars, written by Frank Beddor
Yes, it is. Another book in the series is The Hunger Games.
It was released in 1961.
Marion Zimmer Bradley has written The Mists of Avalon which is a Speculative fiction.
It is a fantasy novel. Do you like that genre?
It was written by Philip Pullman and is considered a fantasy novel.
You're welcome!
Sure! John Ratzenberger starred in The Jungle Book and The Avengers. Have you seen those?
John Ratzenberger also starred in that movie. It was released in 2010.
It is a romantic comedy.
I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote The Chronicles of Riddick which is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is a Comedy-drama.
You're welcome!
Yes, O Brother, Where Art Thou was written by Francis Ford Coppola and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like his movies?
Sure! He also wrote The Big Lebowski which is a Thriller.
It was released in 2005.
You're welcome!
Anthony Daniels starred in Star Wars: Episode V - Return of the Jedi
Wally Lamb wrote The Hour I First Believed and The Hour I First Believed.
Yes, Wishin': A Christmas Story was released in 1997.
Yes, you are correct. Wicked Appetite was released in 2009.
Yes, he wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest and One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest was turned into a film. It's a drama. Do you like drama?
Yes he did, he also starred in the movie. He was a prolific writer.
Sure, do you like dramas or action movies?
He starred in the movie The Incredibles
Sure, have you seen Lady Gaga or The Nightingale?
They have starred in White Fang, Revolutionary Road and The Avengers.
Yes, they both starred in a movie, Conrad Veidt.
You are welcome
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is written by John Green and is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy books?
He also wrote The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian and The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian. Have you read those?
The Silver Chair is a fantasy and The Wardrobe is a fantasy.
Yes, Neill Blomkamp wrote and starred in District 9, have you seen that one?
Yes, it's a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Kyla Pratt was in that movie. She was also in No Strings Attached.
You're welcome
She was a singer and songwriter. I think she recorded Call Me Maybe. Do you like rock?
I have some of her songs. She is very talented. One of my favorites is I Like You, and I Love You. Have you read it?
You're welcome
Yes, he is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Manchester United F.C. and Manchester United F.C. team.
Javier Hernández Balcázar and mier Miasta sounds similar.
I believe he is from Guadalajara, Mexico and he is from Mexico.
Bobby Farrelly starred in Stuck on You
There's Something About Mary, to name a few. Bobby Farrelly also wrote There's Something About Mary, to name a few.
I am not familiar with Jim Carrey, but I know he produced and starred in Out of Sight, which is a comedy.
You're welcome!
Yes he plays basketball as a point guard for the Chicago Bulls.
He also plays for the Chicago Bears and the Chicago Bears.
Yeah, I like basketball. Who's your favorite player?
Sure, it was written by Lois Lowry and is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
Lois Lowry wrote it, and it was released in 1981. Do you like her writing?
You're welcome, I hope you like it!
Sure, he wrote The Twits, which is a Fantasy. Do you like Fantasy?
Quentin Blake wrote The Twits, which is a fantasy book.
It is a Fantasy novel. I think you'll enjoy it.
I am not sure when it was released, but I do know that it is highly recommended!
You're welcome
Will Grayson was written by John Green who also wrote The Fault in Our Stars. Have you read that one?
Yes. John Green also wrote Paper Towns. Have you read that one?
You're welcome!
Sure, it was written by John Grisham and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It's a legal thriller and legal thriller.
You are welcome!
Aldous Huxley wrote The Doors of Perception
Yes, The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell was released in 1956. The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell was released in 1956.
Yes, The Last Battle was released in 1956.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Yes, he also wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
Yes, he also wrote A Brief History of Time: From the Big Bang to Black Holes.
You're welcome!
You are welcome.
Sure Mary McDonnell starred in Zoom, a science fiction film. Have you seen it?
That's a great movie. Did you know Robert Redford also starred in The Shawshank Redford?
That's a great movie. Did you know that she also starred in We Bought a Zoo?
Scoop is a fantasy and drama film.
He wrote When You Are Engulfed in Flames and When You Are Engulfed in Flames. Have you read those?
Yes, it's a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it was the year that released You Are Not So Smart was released
You are welcome
Yes, I love her! She is very talented. She's a very talented singer.
I don't think so, but I do like her in Victorious, did you know that she is also a musician?
Yes, GOD is a Woman is a Woman, I really like her as well.
Sure, Robin Williams starred in the movie The Mechanic. Have you seen that one?
I have not seen it yet, have you seen Mrs. Doubtfire?
Yes, Leslie Dixon also starred in Mrs. Doubtfire.
You're welcome
The Bourne Identity starred Matt Damon and Matt Damon. Do you like action movies?
Yes he did, he also directed that movie. Do you like that genre?
You might enjoy Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee and Joshua Leonard.
You're welcome!
Sure, Christopher Bigsby starred in The Crucible. Have you seen it?
The movie version starred Christopher Bigsby and it was released in 2002.
He also wrote the Crucible, have you read it or seen it?
Yes, it is written by Christopher Bigsby.
You're welcome
I think he's a good basketball player but I don't really follow him. Do you like him?
Yes, I think he is a good basketball player. Do you like him?
You know, I am not a big basketball fan. I don't really follow sports, but I know the Dallas Cowboys are part of the NBA.
He's a point guard. He played point guard.
Mary Harron wrote American Psycho, a Thriller starring J.K. Simmons.
Mary is a drama
Your welcome
Sorry I am not sure
The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring stars Orlando Bloom. Would you like to know more about this movie?
He wrote The Matrix Revisited and The Matrix Revisited.
He wrote the Matrix Reloaded, The Matrix Revolutions, and Speed Racer.
He directed The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen it?
Allegiant stars Denis O'Brien and Amy Smart. Do you like those actors?
Well, she was also in Battlefield Earth which is a action film.
He wrote The Light Between Oceans.
The Light Between Oceans has genre Fiction. Do you like that genre?
I don't have that information, but I do know that Roland Emmerich starred in The Light Between Oceans.
You're welcome.
Yes, Andy Tennant is a professional tennis player from London. He is a professional tennis player. Do you like tennis?
He starred in The World According to Garp, The Social Network, and The Other Boleyn Girl. Have you seen any of those?
Fool's Gold is starring Jason Statham and Anthony Hopkins.
Yes, he did. He was also in Water for Elephants which is a drama.
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
He starred in The Apostle. Have you seen that?
The Lord of the Rings
You are welcome
Taxi Driver is a a Thriller starring Tom Hanks. Do you like that movie?
He also directed Fast Times at Ridgemont High, have you seen that one?
You're welcome
Luis Suarez is a Uruguayan professional footballer who plays as a striker for Spanish club Barcelona and the Uruguay national team.
Yes he did and he also played for Manchester United F.C..
Yes he was and he also plays for the Uruguay national football team.
The Patriots are a professional American football franchise based in New England.
The Half-Blood Prince is written by J.K. Rowling. Have you read it?
Yes, it was. Anything else I can help you with?
That was the third book in the Harry potter series. That was the third book in the Harry Potter series.
Yes, O Brother, Where Art Thou was written by Francis Ford Coppola and is a Speculative Fiction.
Troy stars in the Odyssey and it has a genre of Comedy and Comedy.
You're welcome!
You're welcome. Enjoy!
A Streetcar Named Desire was written by Tennessee Williams and is in the Southern Gothic genre. Do you like this genre?
A Streetcar Named Desire was written by Tennessee Williams and it's a drama.
It's a Romance novel based on a true story.
Great! I hope you enjoy!
Sure. Hayao Miyazaki has starred in The Hobbit: The Lord of the Rings and The Two Towers. Have you seen those?
I don't have that information. However, he starred in a movie titled Into the Wild.
Sure, Yuria Nara starred in The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and The Golden Compass.
You're welcome.
No, I am not familiar with it. I know that Ma Long is a table tennis athlete from China. Are you a fan?
I am not familiar with that. I know that he went to the Olympics in 2012.
Yes, the 2004 Olympics were the year they won the olympics.
I agree. They have a great team. They have a lot of great players. They have been in a while. Who's your favorite player?
Yes, they were the runner up in the 2012 World Series
Not really, I am more of a Dallas Cowboys fan.
I don't know much about soccer, but I know they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
Not really. I am more of a fan of American Football. What sports do you like?
I like the Dallas Cowboys and the Dallas Cowboys. What sports do you like?
Horse and His Boy is a good example of a children's literature. Do you like that genre?
Horse and His Boy is a good example of speculative fiction.
You're welcome
Sure, it's a great book written by Jennifer Crusie. Have you read it?
Did you know that Susannah Grant also wrote Screenplay?
Okay, I think you'd enjoy it. She also wrote Midnight in the Garden of Good in Bed.
Yes, it is!
She sure is! I hope you enjoy it.
Have a good day!
In OddTHomas, it was written by Dean Koontz and is a thriller. Do you like his work?
If you like Odd Thomas, you might also like The Mist or The Lawnmower Man. Have you read those?
I'm not sure who wrote Worth Dying For, but I believe it's a speculative fiction.
Jane Austen wrote Sense and Sensibility, which is a romance novel.
Pride and Prejudice is considered a historical period drama.
It is a film based on a novel by Jane Austen, based on a classic.
You're welcome!
Sure. Do you like the Romance or Fantasy genre?
Then you might like True Romance or The Edge. Have you seen those?
Yes, it was adapted from a book by Veronica Roth. Do you like her work?
You might enjoy The Return of the King or The Lord of the Rings.
Me, too! She starred in The Proposal which is a great movie.
Did you know Sandra Bullock also starred in The Proposal?
Its a romantic comedy
You are welcome
Agatha Christie wrote The Secret Life of Bees and The Golden Compass. Have you read those?
They Do it with Mirrors has a Genre of Comedy. Do you like that genre?
They Do it With Mirrors is a Mystery novel by Agatha Christie.
Yes, I do. She starred in The Special Relationship and The Queen. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, that is a great one.
Do you like Ralph Fiennes because he is a good actor?
John Woo directed The Woo, have you seen it?
Red cliff is a drama. Do you like that genre?
You might like War films, such as The Jungle Book or The Bad Place, to name a few.
Glad to help. Enjoy!
Sure, Madagascar has a genre of Thriller and Drama. Do you like those genres?
He was in Madagascar if you like him. He also produced and starred in Wakko's Wish, have you seen that one?
You're welcome
Edgar Wright wrote and starred in a number of popular films, including The Stand, The Sworn Sword and The Dead Zone. Have you seen those?
It is a Science Fiction Romance starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Science Fiction?
Yes, he did. Shaun of the Dead is starring Zoe Heller.
I hope you enjoy it!
I don't really follow basketball, but I know he's from Oklahoma City and plays for the Seattle Seahawks.
Yes, he is the point guard for the Seattle Seahawks and the Seattle Seahawks.
Yes, he also plays for the Seattle Seahawks and the Seattle Seahawks.
Sure! A Grief Observed was written by C.S. Lewis. Lewis.
He also wrote The Shadows Were Watching God.
You're welcome!
I think he's a great tennis player. What do you think of him?
I don't know anything else, but I do know that he's from London, isn't he married to Emma Stone?
I did not know that, but I do know that he is a famous tennis player, right?
I didn't realize that, I think he did not have a relationship with his sister Serena?
He wrote Fast Food Nation: The Dark Side of the All-American Meal.
Yes, Walt Whitman is a writer and journalist. He wrote and starred in Fast Food Nation: The World Takes Possessed and The Green Mile.
It is a children's literature. Do you like children's literature?
You're welcome!
Sure! He starred in The Skulls. Have you seen that one?
Yes, The Fast and the Furious is a good one.
Yes, Paul Walker starred in Fast and the Furious. He also starred in that movie.
I don't remember when he passed, but he was very sad
He starred in The Truman Show, The Secret Life of Bees, and The Truman Show. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, The Truman Show has genre Comedy. Is that your interest?
You're welcome.
Yes, I think he is an athlete. He plays cricket for the Kolkata Knight Riders.
Sure, Fannie Flagg wrote a children's literature called, and a children's literature. Do you like those types of books?
Sure, it is a romance novel, do you like that genre?
I am not sure of any psychological thrillers, but Welcome to the World is directed by Fannie Flagg
You're welcome
Toy Story 3 was written by Tim Burton and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
Yes, Andy is a grown up and he has grown up with his family. They are both great.
Well, if you want to know more, then you should check out Toy Story and Toy Story 3.
Do you like Memento because it's written by Jonathan Nolan?
Have you seen The Darkest Road starring Christopher Nolan?
I'm not sure who stars in it, but Memento is a psychological thriller if you'd like?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, Jean M Auel wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
You might also like "The Clan of the Cave Bear" or "The Clan of the Cave Bear".
Yes, he also wrote "Wishin': A Story of Triumph and Forgiveness" and "The Silver Chair."
You're welcome!
The Battle of the Labyrinth is a young-adult fiction book written by Rick Riordan. It's a speculative fiction book.
Sure. He also wrote The Titan's Curse and The Titan's Curse. Have you read those?
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Titan's Curse and The Son of Neptune.
I don't really follow soccer, but I think he's a midfielder for FC Bayern Munich II. Do you like soccer?
Didn't he play on the Germany national football team? I've heard he's an excellent player.
I don't know anything else about him. Is he a midfielder?
yes, he is a great athlete. do you like him?
oh ok. what sports do you like?
Then you should check out The Titans. They are very good.
Sure, she wrote Pretty Little Liard. She wrote Pretty Little Liard.
Yes, most of her show shows are known for being influenced by Sara Shepard
You're welcome
I do. Did you know that he also wrote National Treasure. He also wrote The Young Elites.
Yes that is a great one. Did you know that Robert De Niro also starred in it?
Yes that is a great movie also starring Kate Walsh. It is a Romantic Comedy. Have you seen it?
Sure! I hope you enjoy!
You're welcome
Sure! Do you like John Steinbeck? He also wrote The Name of the Wind.
It is a Fiction Romance novel
The novel was published in 2005 and is a Fiction book.
She's an actress who starred in a few movies like Water for Elephants and The Green Hornet.
Yes, they did. It was directed by Sergio Leone. Do you like football?
No, they aren't in London but i do know that its a city in London. I am not sure about any history.
Yes, they play in London as well.
I'm not a fan of the team but I do know they are coached by Pete Carroll. Do you like them?
Michael Higgins wrote Der Steppenwolf. what else can i answer for you?
Sure. Brandon Sanderson wrote Radiance and Warbreaker. Have you read those?
Yes, he did and also wrote a book called The Hero of Ages: The Hero of Ages
Yes, NARUTH was released in 2008.
You are welcome
It's a Thriller starring Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal. Do you like Thriller movies?
Robert Downey Jr. also starred in The Sorcerer's Apprentice. Have you seen that one?
Great! I think you'll enjoy those films! I highly recommend them!
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Sure! Bryan Singer directed the X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Sure, X-Men 2 stars Hugh Jackman, Jennifer Jason Leigh and Liam Aiken to name a few.
Yes, it is a thriller starring Hugh Jackman.
I like thrillers like Shark Night, xXx, and xXx: State of the Union.
You are welcome
Yes, it is a thriller and drama. Do you like that genre?
Yes, a few of my favorites are The Last Airbender and The Dangerous Game. Have you seen those?
Great, I think you'll enjoy them!
You're welcome!
Terry Gilliam wrote The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus which is a fantasy.
It starred Robert Pattinson, who also starred in The Imaginassus.
Your welcome
You're welcome
Sure! Do you like it because it's a romantic comedy or because it is a romance?
You might like The Notebook or The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you read those?
Sure! The Wedding is a romantic comedy that was released in 2012 and is a romance novel.
Yes, Zane Grey is a Romance novel based on a romance novel.
You are welcome.
The Wolf of Wall Street stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like his movies?
Mastering the Art of French Cooking was written by Anne Hathaway and is a non-fiction.
Great! I hope you enjoy!
The Clan of the Cave Bear is written by Jean M. Auel. He also wrote The Valley of Horses and The Shelters of Stone.
You might like The Clan of the Cave Bear. It's a Historical novel based on a true story.
You're welcome!
Yes, Callum Rennie starred in a few movies. Do you like action/adventure films?
eXistenZ is a romantic comedy. what else can i answer for you?
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was written by Vladimir Nabokov. He also wrote Lolita.
It was written by Jane Austen and was released in 1856.
Great! Some other great books from her include Unaccompanied Minors and The Book Thief
Gillian Flynn also wrote Dark Places. She also wrote The Dark Places: The Dark Places.
Sure, The Scar is a mystery book written by Roland Emmerich and is a mystery, do you like these genres?
The Theory of Everything was directed by Kurt Wimmer, do you like his movies?
Yes, he directed The Theory of Everything. Have you seen it?
Sure, The King is a drama and action film. Do you like those types of movies?
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. Do you like sci-fi movies?
I don't have anything else on Ronny Cox, but he is a producer and a director.
Ronny Cox was in the Car and The Beast Within You
You're welcome
Sure, have you read The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories ?
Vanishing Acts is considered a horror novel. Do you like horror novels?
Vanishing Acts was released in 1886, have you read it?
Brave was directed by David Ayer. He also directed Brave.
Brave was produced by Steve Oedekerk, who also produced Brave.
You're welcome!
He is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Real Madrid and Fluminense FC
Yes, he is. He was born in Rio de Janeiro and plays for Real Madrid.
Yes, she is with Luis Fabiano too
Yes, he wrote The Shadows Were Watching and The Darkest Whisper. Have you read those?
Yes, The Shadows is a drama and The Bourne Identity. Have you read it?
It's a drama. It's starring Matt Damon and Olivia Wilde.
Great! I hope you enjoy!
I don't really follow cricket, but I know he plays for the Mumbai Indians.
Yes, the India national cricket team is very popular in India
I do not watch cricket at Wankhede Stadium, but I do know that is where he played for Indians.
Sure! She wrote If You Give a Pig a Party and If You Give a Pig a Party. Have you read those?
Yes, it was. If you Give a Mouse a Cookie was released in 1985.
It was released in 1985. If you Give a Mouse a Cookie was released in 1985.
You're welcome!
Yes, Simon Elkeles wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction.
No, Simone Elkeles wrote a book in German language. Would you like more information about that?
Perfect Chemistry is written in English and has genre Speculative fiction.
Harold Ramis was in Stripes, did you like him? He's a great actor.
Since you like comedies, Harold Ramis is a comedy. He also starred in Why Did I Get Married Too
Sorry, I am not sure if it is comedy
Yes, he wrote the movie Steve Jobs and he starred in The Amazing Spider-Man
Sure! Other books in that genre include The Time Traveler's Wife and The Time Traveler's Wife.
Sure! She also wrote a lot of science fiction books like The Tree of Hands and Fever.
Erin Morgenstern wrote The Night Circus and The Night Circus. Have you read those?
Yes, it was written by Nicholas Sparks and a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, Nicholas Sparks also wrote True Believer.
Yes, Nicholas Evans also wrote True Believer and it was released in 2016. Do you like his books?
It is considered a thriller and a thriller.
No problem!
I like them, but I prefer the Cowboys and Patriots. What about you?
Yes, the Cheerleaders are one of the best teams in the NFL.
Yes, the Cowboys wanted to make a lot of money on the TV shows.
Yes, Yuvraj Singh is an Indian international cricketer.
Yes, he was in Slumdog Millionaire. He also starred in Zombieland.
Yes, I would recommend a great Indie Film, it is a horror film.
Go Set A Watchman is similar to To Kill A Mockingbird.
No, Harper Lee
You are welcome.
I think she is a good badminton player. What about you?
No, I haven't. What sport does he play?
Yes, I heard Serena Williams is a tennis player. What sport do you like?
He's a great singer and songwriter. Do you like his music?
Yes, she is a famous singer and songwriter.
Yes, Sigourney Weaver is also on that label.
Kick Ass is starring Nicolas Cage. Do you like his movies?
It is a drama. Do you like drama?
I don't have that information, but Nicolas Cage produced and starred in it.
Sure Nicolas Cage starred in Lord of War. Have you seen that one?
The Sorcerer's Apprentice is a drama and Lord of War.
He directed Lord of War, which is a drama.
You're welcome
Yes, he's a very talented singer. Do you like his music?
I haven't heard of him. I know he is a songwriter, record producer and songwriter.
I believe he was born in Zakira, California. He is a very talented person!
Inside Man is a thriller. Do you like thrillers
The Manchurian Candidate directed by Jonathan Kellerman. Have you seen that one?
Well, it's a thriller and a mystery, so I think you'd enjoy it.
Great! I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, it's a great movie starring Tim Pigott-Smith. Do you like him?
Yes, Liam Neeson also starred in Taken 2. Have you seen that one?
Sure. Schindler's List is starring Tom Hanks. Tom Cruise starred in Schindler's List.
You are welcome
Sure, do you like the great gatsby because it's speculative fiction?
That is the only book I can find by J.R.R. Tolkien. Have you read it?
Great. If you like fiction, I would recommend The Looking Glass Wars by Frank Beddor.
You're welcome.
Sure! The Adventures of Tom Sawyer was written by Mark Twain and is in the Children's literature genre. Do you like children's literature?
Sure! Lucia Graves wrote La sombra del viento an el juego del angel. Have you read those?
I don't have any additional information on that one, but La sombra del viento was released in 2000.
Yes, that was the year that released Where the Wild Things Are.
No problem!
Sure, she is an actress who has starred in movies like The Muppets and The Muppets.
I do not have that information.
In the Muppets, she also starred in the Muppets
She is married to Gisele Bundchen, her real name is Joe Mantegna
I don't know much about them except that they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLIII.
I think Lamar Jackson is a good quarterback. I like his wife Jada Pinkett Smith.
Yes, he is very good.
Spirit Bound was written by Richelle Mead. Do you like her work?
Yes, you might enjoy Wildwood Dancing or Wildwood Dancing.
The Fault in Our Stars has a young-adult fiction novel written by Richelle Mead. It was released in 2015.
You might like Young-Adult Fiction or Young-Adult Fiction.
Yes, it was written by Lois Lowry and the genre is speculative fiction.
Lois also wrote Hocus Pocus Pocus Pocus Pocus Pocus Pocus Pocus Pocus Pocus Pocus Pocus Pocus Pocus Pocus Pocus Pocus Pocus Pocus Pocus Pocus Pocus Pocus Pocus Pocus Pocus Pocus Pocus Pocus Pocus Pocus Pocus Pocus Pocus Pocus Pocus Pocus also wrote Lois Lowry.
The Giver is speculative fiction and fantasy. Do you like that genre?
Sure, Christopher Bigsby is the author of The Crucible.
You might also like The Crucible by Christopher Bigsby.
Sure! Do you like Moonrise Kingdom because it's written by Wes Anderson or because it's a romance?
Wes Anderson starred in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
It is a film starring Meryl Streep, and J.K. Simmons. It's a romance film.
You got it! I hope you enjoy!
Yes, Pulp Fiction was written by Roger Avary. Are you familiar with his work?
Sure, it was released in 1994 and was written by Roger Avary and starred Roger Avary.
He's also an award winning actor. He's also a writer and a director.
Sorry, I don't have that information. Something else I can help with?
I love her! She starred in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade. Have you seen that one?
She was also in Indiana Jones, have you seen that one?
You're welcome
Yes, I love her. Did you know she starred in The Muppets?
I think so, I think she's a good performer. Do you like Dance?
I'm not sure, but it's kind of a mix of soul and hip hop.
Yes, Colleen McCullough wrote The Thorn Birds and The First Man in Rome
The Thorn Birds was released in Rome, and The First Man in Rome has a genre of Fiction and Drama.
The First Man in Rome has a genre of History and Drama.
Alison Doody starred in A View to a Kill and A Prayer for the Dying. Have you seen those?
The Last Crusade came out in 1988
The Last Crusade also starred Virginia Madsen
Your welcome
Are you looking for other books by J.K. Rowling?
Have you read Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets or The Fault in Our Stars?
You're welcome
Daphne du Maurier wrote Rebecca, My Cousin Rachel and Jamaica Inn.
Rebecca was released in 1938.
No, there's no information about that.
Yes, he wrote The muse which is a speculative fiction.
Yes, The Muse is a great movie starring Martin Scorsese. Martin Scorsese was in The Muse.
I really like Joe Pesci. Debi Mazur is a fan of comedy movies.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Do you like animated films? If so, I would suggest The Incredibles.
Yes, Steve Carell also starred in a lot of action movies. Do you like action movies?
You are welcome, I hope he enjoys it.
Wilson Rawls is a speculative fiction writer. what else can i do for you?
Susan Meissner wrote a series of short stories a long time ago. The fourth book in his Discworld series is Island of the Blue Dolphins .
You are welcome
Great glad to help.
Sure, do you like it because it's a Sci-Fi or because it's directed by James Cameron?
I don't have any information on Jeff Goldblum, but I do know that Will Smith is in a Romance film.
You're welcome
I'm not really a fan of the Philadelphia Eagles, but I do know they are coached by Jim Caldwell.
The Patriots lost to the Patriots in the XXXVIII.
That's great! He was married to Gisele after XXXVIII.
I like John Lennon. Did you know he wrote The Yellow Submarine?
He also wrote Love with the World's Worst Dog.
Sure, you might like The Incredible Hulk or The Avengers.
No, I haven't, but if you like comic books I think you might enjoy The Incredible Hulk or The Avengers.
You may like The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer, or Step Brothers.
You're welcome.
You're welcome
Pearl Harbor was released in 1960 and is a Romance film. Do you like Romance?
Pearl Harbor has genre Crime Fiction. Do you like those genres?
Yes, Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is a great movie. Do you like it because it's written by Chris Columbus?
Yes there is. The Throne of Fire
It was written by J.K. Rowling. He also wrote all the Harry Potter movies.
You're welcome
I think he's a good basketball player but I don't really follow him. How about you?
I don't really follow basketball, but I know he's won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award.
Yes he did. He also starred in the movie Larry Bird. Have you seen that one?
I haven't seen Space Jam, I've heard it's a good movie. I love Space Jam. Have you seen it?
Rebecca Skloot wrote The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is a Journalist as well.
You're welcome!
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football franchise based in Denver Broncos. They are a professional American football franchise based in Denver, Illinois
Yes, the Packer is a Packer. He's also a quarterback.
I like Basketball, but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys.
Sure, he starred in The Apostle. Have you seen that one?
Yes, it's a great movie. Robert Duvall also starred in The Apostle. He also starred in The Apostle.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Yes he is. He starred in Friends with Benefits. Did you know he starred in Friends with Benefits?
Yes he did and he also participated in the film V for Vendetta.
I wonder if he was in Friends with Benefits or did you know he is from San Diego, California?
Total Recall is a sci-fi/adventure film. Do you like sci-fi?
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
The Adjustment Bureau has a genre of Science Fiction and Drama. Philip K. Dick also wrote The Young Elites which is a great movie.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
Yes, he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Pelicans. Do you like him?
I have heard of him, he's a quarterback for the New Orleans Saints.
I have not seen that one, but I know he is a musician and musician.
Yes, I do. I know that it is a paranormal romance, speculative fiction, and speculative fiction. Do you like those types of books?
Yes, it is
Yes, she also wrote The Sacrifice
Your welcome
Sure, it is a young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
It's a Young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
Sure! Do you like the book because it's a drama?
Not that I am aware of but he is a great children's author.
Another great children's book that is similar is The Fault in Our Stars.
Not that I am aware of. Can I help you with anything else?
Yes. He also wrote Cars and Finding Neverland which is a Fiction book.
No problem.
Bruce Greenwood starred in The Republic of Love
I don't have that information, but Jackie Burroughs also starred in The Republic of Love with Jackie Burroughs.
You're welcome
I don't know much about him, but I know he's a quarterback for the Green Bay Packers.
I don't think they have won any championship
Mike McCarthy also plays for the Dallas Cowboys
Yes, she starred in The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you seen either of those?
I don't have any more information on the Historian, but I can tell you that Elizabeth Kostova is a British author who has won many awards for her writting
I don't have any information about that but I can tell you that he was influenced by Ms. Zola.
You're welcome
A Little Princess was written by Shel Silverstein and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, they are all children's literature written by John Updike.
Yes, you are correct.
You're welcome!
Yes I do. My favorite team is the Redskins. Do you have a favorite team?
I'm not sure, but I know he's won the NBA All-Rookie of the Year Award.
I don't know much about the Freak except that they were the runner-up in the 2009 NBA Finals.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is written by Steve Kloves
Yes he did. Wonder Boys is a Fantasy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Linkin Park is Together. Isn't Lilo & Liars? I think so.
The Road was written by John Grisham and is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
You might enjoy The Fault in Our Stars by John Green. Have you read this one?
Zoe's Tale was written by John Scalzi and is a speculative fiction.
I don't know, but he is a professor! He writes a lot of science fiction books as well.
Yes he does, he also wrote Inglourious Basterds, which is a science fiction.
You're welcome!
Yes, The Terminal is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like dramas?
Did you know that Tom Hanks also starred in Larry Crowne and That Thing You Do!
Yes, it is! Tom Hanks also starred in The Shawshank Redemption and That Thing You Do.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, she wrote The Secret Life of Bees and The Little Friend. Have you read those?
I haven't seen Saturday Night Live but i have heard of it. Do you like Saturday Night Live?
Yes, i do. Did you know that he also starred in a few TV shows like Welcome to the Jungle?
Yes, it also has a genre of Mystery and Comedy.
Yes, it is. It also has a genre of Science Fiction.
Yes, she is a football player who plays Forward. Do you like soccer?
Well, he's a German footballer who plays forward, right? I don't really follow soccer, but I know he's from the United Kingdom.
Yeah, she was born in Rio de Janeiro and has a daughter named Yuvraj Singh.
I love her. My favorite song of hers is Your Love is My Drug. What about you?
Yeah, I think she's a pretty good singer and a guitarist. What's your favorite band?
Oh yes, I like Yellow Submarine. What do you think about him?
Beatrice Sparks wrote Go Ask Alice, have you read it?
Yes, you are correct. It was released in 1935.
No, To Your Scattered Bodies Go was released in 1971. It was directed by David Ayer.
You're welcome!
I like Ray Bradbury. He wrote The Martian Chronicles. Are you a fan of science fiction?
Yes, it is. Another example of speculative fiction is The Martian Chronicles.
No, The Illustrated Man was written by Terry Pratchett
You're welcome!
Enjoy!
He directed Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything
I am not sure who starred in Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
Cristiano Ronaldo plays for the Real Madrid C.F. a Portugal national football team.
Yes, he was born in Rio de Janeiro. He is a very famous soccer player.
Yes, she is. I think she's married to Victoria, too. I think she's very good.
Total Recall is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Arnold Schwarzenegger wrote Total Recall. Total Recall is a sci-fi movie. what else can i answer for you?
It's with Arnold Schwarzenegger. He's known for his roles in other films such as John Lennon and John Lasseter.
Ella Enchanted has genre Speculative fiction and fantasy.
Ella Enchanted has genre Speculative fiction
There is no information about that
Your welcome
Sure, have you watch The Return of a Man Called Horse or The Last Temptation of Christ?
The return of a Man Called Horse is starring Rory Kinnear and William H. Macy
William Lucking also starred in The Mummy Returns a Man Called Horse.
He wrote Madame Bovary, a romance novel. Do you like those kinds of books?
It was released in 1856.
Zoe's Tale was released in 1843.
Zoe's Tale is a speculative fiction.
Law Abiding Citizen has a genre of Psychological thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, he did. That was a great movie.
No I haven't seen Love Ranch. Who starred in it?
Heart of Darkness is written by Joseph Conrad and is a young-adult fiction.
Sure. The Portable Atheist is a speculative fiction and science fiction. Do you like those types of books?
Yes, it's a good one.
He wrote peter pan
It was released in 1904 and written by Michael Hague.
J.M. Barrie is the author of the play, J.M. Barrie
It was written in English, would you like me to look it up for you?
You're welcome!
Sure! Do you like fiction? She wrote The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants.
Jane Eyre is considered a dystopian and dystopian fiction. Do you like those genres?
Sure! I hope you enjoy them!
Sure! He wrote a great book called David Copperfield. Have you read that one?
He also wrote Oliver Twist which is a fiction. Do you like fiction?
You're welcome!
Blood Promise was written by Richelle Mead and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Yes, it was written by Richelle Mead.
It is a young adult fiction.
Spirit Bound would be considered young adult fiction as well.
Sure! He is a Swiss professional tennis player. He is a professional tennis player. Do you enjoy watching tennis?
Not really a fan of tennis but I do know that Venus Williams is from Honolulu. Do you like her?
It sure is. Do you have any favorite players?
Blake Griffin is a basketball player from Oklahoma City. Do you like basketball?
Oh he's a good basketball player. Did you know he won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award?
Yes, he is 1st tall in the 90's.
Are you looking for other books by J.K. Rowling?
Sorry there is no information related to that
your welcome
Yes, The Help was a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Octavia Spencer won the Academy Award for Best Novella and the Watch
Viola also starred in Water for Elephants which is a Drama.
Joseph Kosinski directed the suspense thriller The Wolfman. Have you seen that one?
Yes he did it is a great musicals. State Fair is a Thriller.
Yes he did, he also starred in that movie, which is a great movie!
You're welcome, I hope you like them!
Sure. He wrote The Water is Wide, The Prince of Tides and The Lords of Discipline.
Yes, it is. He also wrote The Water is Wide and The Water is Wide
Flannery O'Conner is a writer, screenwriter and screenwriter.
Wise Blood is speculative fiction
Your welcome
Yes, she starred in Aliens
Well, he's been in many great films such as The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring and The Fellowship of the Ring. Have you seen those?
Tombstone also has a great cast. Robert De Niro and Robert De Niro also starred in Weird Science.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen and is a romance novel.
Pride and Prejudice was written by Jane Austen. what else can i answer for you?
You are welcome
Simon Elkeles wrote Wild Cards and Rules of Attraction.
Some of her most famous works include Unstoppable and The Nightingale. Have you read those?
You're welcome
Paul Verhoeven starred in The Truman Show. Have you seen it?
He also wrote the Mists of Avalon which is a good one.
Sure. Total Recall is a sci-fi thriller. Do you like sci-fi?
You're welcome
Snow White and the Huntsman was written by John Lee Hancock.
You're right. I think you'd enjoy Snow White and the Huntsman. Have you seen that one?
Undertow is a romantic comedy and drama. Do you like that genre?
Robert Longstreet is one of my favorite actors of all time.
Yes, that is a great movie.
Have you seen the other Hobbit movies?
You might enjoy The Golden Compass or The Looking Glass Wars. Have you seen those?
The Golden compass was written by Philip Pullman.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Okay, enjoy!
Yes, Collateral directed Collateral, starring Tom Cruise. Do you like his movies?
Yes, he did. That movie stars Ronan Bennett and Johnny Depp. Do you like Stephen King?
Yes, I think that's a great movie. I think you'd enjoy it.
You're welcome!
Total Recall is a sci-fi/adventure film. Do you like sci-fi?
Tom Cruise starred in Prometheus. Would you like more information about Prometheus?
Sean Harris was the lead actor in Prometheus.
You are welcome.
Yes, they are a professional baseball team based in San Francisco, California.
Oh, 2014 is a great year for baseball, as well!
My favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks, my favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks.
Denzel Washington and James Wilcox star in the Equalizer.
Sure. Chole Grace Moretz starred in The Immortals and The Golden Compass.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Chlo Grace Moretz was also in The Blind Side, which is a psychological thriller.
You're welcome.
Ma Long is a table tennis athlete from China. Are you a fan of table tennis?
Yes, he is. He was born in China. He is a table tennis player from China.
Yes, it is. He also starred in a number of famous movies, including X-Men: First Class.
He wrote The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, and The Adventures of Tom Sawyer.
He also wrote The Adventures of Tom Sawyer
Mark Twain is the author of Huckleberry Finn. He also wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn is part of a series.
No problem.
Do you like books written by Jane Austen or the Romance genre?
Sense and Sensibility, Persuasion, and Pride and Prejudice.
Persuasion is a Romance novel, would you like me to list it for you?
Hunt for Red October is written by John Green and he also wrote To Kill a Mockingbird
The genre is speculative fiction and fantasy.
You're welcome!
Ben Stiller wrote Zookeeper which is a romantic comedy and a thriller. Do you like that genre?
Owen Wilson is hilarious in Zoolander. Did you know he also starred in a movie with Ben Stiller?
Yes, he did. He also starred in Tropic Thunder as well.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
I like the ones she sang when she was in a movie called Crossroads.
I think so. I think she was a pretty good singer. What do you think of her?
Oh yea, that is a great one! I really liked her in the movie Friends with Benefits, too. I haven't heard of it before.
Yes, The Terminal is starring Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
It was written by Liisa Garner and released in 2012. It's a drama. Do you like that genre?
Yes, The Terminal is a very funny movie starring Tom Hanks, do you like his movies?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure, he starred in Tom Horn. Have you seen it?
The Great Escape came out in 2014. My personal favorite of his is The Voyage of the Dawn Treader.
The Towering Inferno has a great cast. It was directed by Roland Emmerich and Christopher Walken. Have you seen it?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Heart of Darkness is written by Joseph Conrad. Do you like the author or genre?
Anne Hathaway wrote that one. She also wrote Heart of Darkness.
Have you heard of The Very Hungry Caterpillar?
That one is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
It was released in 1900.
It was written by Judy Garland
Yes, it is in the Adventure Genre
Sure, hope you enjoy!
Yes, Lionel Messi is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for the Argentina national team.
Yes, he plays for the Spain national football team. I was surprised by the fact he was born in Barcelona.
Yes, Louis van Gaal has a wonderful coaching history. I wonder if he's a good team or not as well.
Yes, Tom Hanks is the lead actor. He also starred in Larry Crowne.
Harrison Ford wrote and starred in Larry Crowne. Have you seen that one?
Certainly!
He directed The Perks of Being a Wallflower and The Perks of Being a Wallflower
Robert Pattinson and Stephen Chbosky starred in that movie. Do you like those actors?
Yes she did. She is a great actress.
Yes, she did. She also starred in The Mists of Avalon which is a drama.
No problem.
Yes, it was written by Philip K. Dick and stars Tom Cruise
Tom Cruise also starred in Vanilla Sky and another one called The Last Samurai. Have you seen those?
Andres Iniesta is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a forward for Spanish club Barcelona and the Spain national team.
I don't know much about them, but I do know that they are owned by Magic Johnson.
Yes, they have a goof team in the Astrodome.
Yes they did. The San Francisco Giants won the World Series in 2010.
I like events like the Dodgers and the Astros.
The Devil Wears Prada is a drama starring Meryl Streep. Do you like her movies?
Aline Brosna also wrote Aline Bronna. Have you seen it?
I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, Patrick McGoohan starred in The Phantom. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Martin Short starred in Treasure Planet. He also starred in it.
The Legend of Zorro is starring Hugh Jackman and Judy Greer.
William Directed the Hunted, which is a Thriller.
It is a drama, do you like those types of movies?
Sorry, I don't have that information. Something else I can help you with?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, she wrote The Good Earth which is a Fiction book. Have you read that one?
Yes, it is a romance. Do you like romance novels?
No, but Pearl S. Buck starred in Black-White.
You're welcome
They are a professional basketball team based in Houston, Texas, and is a professional basketball team based in Houston, Texas.
I like Basketball and Football
I love tennis, how about you?
He directed Little Miss Sunshine which is similar to Jonathan Dayton.
He also directed Little Miss Sunshine.
Little Miss Sunshine has a genre of drama and drama. It was released in 2005.
Alan Arkin has been in quite a few such as The Darkest Whispers, The Darkest Whisper, and The Darkest Whisper.
Yes, she is. She lost to Serena Williams and Roger Federer. Do you like tennis?
Her current ranking is WTA Tour and her current ranking is No. 1 in WTA Tour.
You are welcome!
David Oliver Relin starred in The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus which was released in 1960.
Sure! He starred in The Green Mile which is a Science Fiction film.
Absolutely, he was also a writer and a director. He was a director of The Green Mile which was released in 1971.
You're welcome
Ella Enchanted has genre Speculative fiction and fantasy. Do you like those genres?
Yes, she also wrote The Two Princesses of Bamarre and Ella Enchanted
Yes, The Two Princesses of Bamarre is Fantasy, do you like Fantasy?
It was released in 2001, the same year as The Two Princesses of Bamarre, have you read it?
I'm not a fan of the Denver Broncos, but I do like their coach John Fox. Do you like them?
Yes he does and he also coached the Denver Broncos
Yes he also plays for the Denver Broncos.
Yes, He is a football player. He was born in Rio de Janeiro. Do you like soccer?
He plays for the Argentina national football team. I'm not sure.
I agree, they have a good team. They have a strong player who plays for them.
Do you like books written by Jeff Kinney? He also wrote The Long Haul.
The Ugly Truth is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
You are welcome enjoy!
Apocalypto is a war film written by Francis Ford Coppola and is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
He directed and produced Apocalypto. Have you seen it?
Sure! It is a historical period drama starring Christo Jikov and also starring Christo Jikov.
You're welcome!
Divergent is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Sure. Divergent has genre Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction
You are welcome
Yes, Veronica Roth also wrote Carve The Mask.
Yes, it was written by Cecelia Ahern and released in 2005. Do you like Romance Novels?
She also wrote Where Rainbows End. Have you read it?
It is a fiction book. Do you like fiction books?
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is a great movie. Have you seen it?
Did you like the Golden Compass movie because it starred Chris Hemsworth?
Philip Pullman wrote and starred in The Golden Compass.
I hope you enjoy it!
He directed The Long Kiss Goodnight, The Long Kiss Goodnight and The Long Kiss Goodnight
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight.
Shane Black also starred in The Long Kiss Goodnight.
You are welcome.
Yes, she is a lyricist. Do you like him?
I like Shakira more tho. She has a nice voice. She has a nice voice.
Yeah, he's a great singer. Did you know he's from Pasadena?
It was written by Jojo Moyes. Do you like Jojo Moyes? He also wrote Before You.
Me Before You is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I'm not sure who starred in it, but it is a Science Fiction film. Do you like Science Fiction movies?
I don't know much about her other than that she's a Danish tennis player. Do you like her?
I agree. Did you know that Venus Williams is from Honolulu?
Yes they are, and it has a great coaching history.
The New York Knicks is a professional basketball team based in Chicago, Illinois
Yes he also plays for the Chicago Bears and he is a good player
Hoop Dreams is a great movie starring Danny DeVito. It's a good movie too.
I know that he's an athlete on the Wales national football team.
Not really, I prefer American football, what about you? What sports do you like?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
He wrote The Water is Wide, The Prince of Tides and The Lords of Discipline.
This book has genre Historical fiction
He also wrote The Water is Wide
Great glad I could help
The Battle of the Labyrinth was written by Rick Riordan. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
It was written by Rick Riordan, would you like me to send it to you?
The Battle of the Labyrinth is a horror book written in English.
Great, I hope you enjoy!
Yes, it is a great movie written by Mickey Knox. Do you like Mickey Knox?
Well, it's a great adventure film starring Vincent Pastore and Joe Mantegna. It's a great movie.
Well, Once Upon a Time in the West was directed by Sergio Leon. It's a great action movie, starring Vincent Pastore.
It was written by Cassandra Clare and starring Cassandra Clare. Are you familiar with her work?
Well, if you like drama, you might also like Zoe's Tale and X-Men 2.
The Manchurian Candidate was written by Robert Louis Stevenson, who also wrote Go Set A Watchman.
Yes, The Manchurian Candidate was written by Richard Condon.
The Revenant is starring Tom Hardy. Do you like Tom Hardy?
Yes, he is a DJ, he also a DJ, record producer and a DJ
Yeah he is a DJ right?
I think he's a good athlete, but I don't think he's as good as he is. He's a great athlete, but I think he's a good athlete
I like tennis and baseball. What about you?
I like the Dallas Cowboys and the Dallas Cowboys. What do you think about them?
Sylvia Day wrote You Again. Have you read it?
Sylvia Day is a self help book
You are welcome
Rob Riggle starred in Unaccompanied Minors and The Lorax. Are you a fan of his?
I don't have any of her songs, but I do know that she is a singer like Selena Gomez
Yes, a lot of good singers from UK like Taylor Swift and Ashley Judd.
I do like Shakira. I really like Taylor Swift and Taylor Swift.
Yes, she did. I also like Lyricist: The Bluest Eye. Have you heard of that one?
Yes, he is an Indian international cricketer. Are you a fan of cricket?
What sport do you like?
Yes, he was in that movie as well. Did you know he also starred in Friends with Benefits?
Sure. Bob Peck starred in Jurassic Park and Lord of the Rings. Have you seen those?
Yes, Bill Paxton also starred in Jurassic Park as well.
Yes, that is a great movie. Do you like that genre?
1989 was the year that  1.  1 is written by John Grisham.
Sure! Do you like Fantasy movies?
The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey is a fantasy movie. Have you seen it?
It's a great movie starring Christian Bale. Do you like Christian Bale's movies?
Yes Kevin Zegers and J.K. Simmons also starred in Zoom.
Your welcome.
It was written by Sophie Kinsella and was released in 2003. Have you read it?
She also wrote Wedding Night
Yes, she also wrote The Undomestic Goddess, have you heard of it?
Hope you enjoy it!
You are welcome
He plays cricket and was born in Chennai
I am not a fan of cricket, but I do know he plays for Chennai Super Kings and is from India.
Well, from what I've heard, there's quite a few players like Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal and Rafael Nadal.
Sure, did you like Sharp Objects because it was written by Gillian Flynn or because it is a Mystery?
Yes, she wrote Sharp Objects, which is a Mystery book.
It's a newer book that was released in 2014.
Sure! Dominic Cooper starred in a number of popular movies, including The Nightingale, and The Nightingale. Have you seen those?
Yes, it is a musical, and also a horror film.
Great! Tom Hanks starred in Warcraft as well, along with Michael Stahl-David.
You're welcome
Anne-Marie is a singer. Is that a singer?
I think they are a pretty good baseball team. Do you like baseball?
Since you like baseball, I think I'd have to root for the San Francisco Giants since they've won the World Series in 2012.
Not really. It's pretty cool. It's pretty cool. It's a pretty good place to visit Candlestick park.
I think he's a good quarterback. He's a quarterback.
It sure did. It was fired by the Seattle Seahawks and was released in 1981.
Yes, Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down and is a comedy. Do you like comedy?
Louis Sachar also wrote Wayside School is Falling Down which is very popular
Yes he also wrote Falling Down which is a fiction book.
Yes Phil Mickelson is a top golfer. Did you know Phil won the 2005 PGA Championship?
Yes he does, he is a golfer as well. Did you know Phil Mickelson won the 2005 PGA Championship?
Yes, the HBO sitcom is a drama. It also has a bit of dramas. Did you know Phil Mickelson is also a model?
Weeds was a great movie. I think you will enjoy them!
Sure, H.G. Wells wrote The War of the Worlds, The Time Machine and The Invisible Man
The Time Machine was released in 1936
No, I haven't seen it but I do like it. Did you know that it was directed by David Fincher?
You are welcome
The movie A Space Odyssey has a genre of Science Fiction, Comedy, and Adventure. Do you like those genres?
Yes, he is a shooting guard for the Houston Rockets. Do you like basketball?
Yes, he is a great shooting guard. Do you like shooting guards?
You're welcome! Have a good day.
I'm not a fan of the Yankees. I'm more of a baseball fan. What about you?
The Yankees play in the American League East and are owned by Bill Neukom. The team is founded by George Steinbrenner and founded the Boston Red Sox
Sure, one of my favorites is the Red Sox and the Red Sox. Have you heard of either?
Psycho is a Psychological thriller. Are you a fan of that genre?
i do not have that information. what else can i answer for you?
he's done quite a few things. i think he's been around for a while. what do you like?
I don't follow soccer, but I know they are coached by David Platt. Do you like soccer?
Yes, he's. He's a businessperson as well. He's quite a businessperson as well.
Did you know that Lovie Smith also owns the San Francisco 49er's?
Sure! Do you like Rocky because it is written by Sylvester Stallone?
I don't have any information on his movies, but Sylvester Stallone wrote The Expendables
It's a Romance film. Do you like action movies?
You're welcome!
Michael Crichton wrote a book called Disclosure that you might like.
The Lost World was released in 2004 and is a speculative fiction
You're welcome!
I am not sure about his latest movie, but I can tell you that he directed The Good Doctor.
The Good Doctor is starring Xander Berkeley
He also starred in The Good Doctor
Yes, it was written by Jane Austen and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, it is a romance novel.
Well, if you like Gothic fiction, I suggest The Invisible Man. It's a good read.
The Time Machine is written by H.G. Wells and is a satire.
Colin Trevorrow directed Jurassic Park III. Have you seen it?
Jurrasic world is a fantasy adventure film, starring Omar Sy.
You might like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee.
You're welcome!
He starred in Things Behind the Sun and The Wild Life. Have you seen those?
Yes, she also starred in That was a great movie.
It certainly is! It's a drama, and also a drama.
That is a great one! I also loved him in The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.
The Dallas Cowboys are a good team. Did you know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt?
Yup, he was number one on the Dallas Cowboys in the 90's.
There are 4 Super Bowls in Dallas, just 3 Super Bowls.
Irwin kershner directed The Last Temptation of Christ
Sure! Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back was directed by Ken Follett
I am not sure if Sean Connery starred in any of his movies. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Gillian Flynn. She also wrote Dark Places.
Gillian Flynn also wrote Dark Places, Dark Places, and Dark Places.
I don't know any authors similar to Gillian Flynn, but he did write Dark Places.
Yes, it is a good writer and a writer.
Yes I do. I really like speculative fiction and fantasy.
Okay great.
Ravichandran Ashwin is an Indian international cricketer. Do you like cricket?
He is a Cricket player from India. He plays for the Mumbai Indians and is from India.
Yes, he's a very good Cricket player. He's also from India.
I have! I've always wanted to go to Wimbledon and the New Orleans Pelicans to name a few.
I like the Dallas Cowboys, but my favorite sports team is Dallas Cowboys.
You too!
Yes, they are a professional basketball team based in Houston, Texas and is a professional basketball team based in Houston, Texas
Looper is a drama and a drama. Looper is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Do you like Warlock because it's a drama?
Yes, it's a zombie movie. It's a great movie. Have you seen it?
Yes, it's a great movie. Have you seen any of the other two War films?
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like his work?
You might enjoy The Curious Case of Benjamin Button or The Great Gatsby.
Erich Maria Remarque wrote Im Westen nichts Neues and Drei Kameraden, among others.
Yes, these were both in English and Arc de Triomphe. Arc de Triomphe was released 1929.
Yes, they both have written in English.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I don't know much about her but I know she's a Danish tennis player. Do you like her?
She plays tennis, but lost to a lot of other than that.
Yes, the sisters play tennis as well! They are a good team and their coach is John Lennon. Do you follow tennis?
I haven't watched tennis in a long time but I do know it has won a lot of PGA Championships right?
I agree. I love the fashion style of it. Do you like fashion?
Yes, A Streetcar Named Desire was written by Tennessee Williams and is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Williams also starred in Cat on a Hot Tin Roof
He also wrote the Cat on a Hot Tin Roof
Welcome
Sure! Do you like the author Tana French? She also wrote The Likeness.
In the Woods has a genre of Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You are welcome
David Ayer is an author who wrote Into the Wild and Into the Wild. Have you read those?
He has also produced and starred in the movie The Messenger which is a drama.
Yes, it is David Ayer , David Ayer , David Ayer , David Ayer , David Ayer , David Ayer , David Ayer , David Ayer , David Ayer , David Ayer , David Ayer , David Ayer , David Ayer , David Ayer , David Ayer , David Ayer , David Ayer , David Ayer , David Ayer , David Ayer , David Ayer , David Ayer ?
Yes, he starred in Harsh Times
Your welcome
I don't really follow football, but I do know that they are coached by Mike Zimmer.
The Vikings are 1st in the NFC North. The Vikings are 1st in the AFC North division. The Vikings are 1st in the AFC North division.
Yes, the Chiefs are one of the best teams in the NFL. I like the Dallas Cowboys and Patriots.
Andrew Garfield just released in 2014. He directed The Social Network. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Justin Timberlake starred in The Social Network
The Social Network has a genre of Thriller and Drama
The Social Network was released in 1999
It's considered a drama and a comedy.
2010 is the year that  1.  1 is written by Aaron Sorkin
You're welcome
Sure! He starred in Hollywood Chinese with Wayne Wang. Have you seen that one?
Did you know Tobey Maguire starred in The Ice Storm? He also starred in that.
Tobey Maguire starred in The Ice Storm, which is a drama. He also wrote, directed and produced this movie.
Yes, Brisingr is written by Christopher Paolini and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young-adult fiction?
Yes, Paolini is a young-adult fiction novel with a little bit of a little bit of Speculative fiction as well.
You're welcome
Sure! Did you like it because it was written by Sarah J.Maaas or because it was released in 2012?
No, The Assassin's Blade was released in 2005.
Great, I hope you enjoy!
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion, which was released 1817
Yes, she also wrote the book Persuasion, which was released in 1817.
No, I haven't read that one, but I heard it is a good book. Did you read it?
Yes, she is a famous badminton player. I think she plays badminton.
I'm not sure who else like her but the number 1 badminton players like Keira Knightley and Ramon Rodriguez. Do you like any of these players?
Yes, the Commonwealth Games were played in the 90's
Sure! The Power of Thinking Without Thinking was written by Rick Riordan. Are you looking for other books by him?
Martin McDonagh is a director. Some other directors like Martin McDonagh include Tom Hanks and Tim Roth.
Yes, he was a scientist and a scientist.
Yes he did, he also wrote a version of Martin McDonagh, have you heard of that one?
Robin Williams starred in the movie Robin Williams: The Champion of the World. Have you seen it?
Have you seen Mrs. Doubtfire? He also starred in that one with Robin Williams.
Robert Duvall and Cameron Diaz starred in that movie.
I'll add that to your watchlist now.
Homer wrote The Odyssey and The Seabiscuit. Have you read those?
The Iliad was written by Maurice Sendak. He's a very good poet!
Yes, it's a very good one. It's a classic!
I'm more of a Philadelphia Eagles fan myself. How about you?
Wow, I didn't realize that. Who's your favorite Giants fan?
Yes, they have a good season. They have a good season.
It was written by Sandra Bullock and stars Tom Cruise. Have you seen it?
Sure Sandra Bullock starred in X-Men Origins: The Proposal
Yes Oceans 8 is a romantic comedy starring Paul Mazursky
Tom Clancy wrote The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October. Have you read those?
Alive is a 2007 American fantasy novel. Alive is a fantasy novel.
Yes, he wrote the book and he also wrote The Sum of All Fears and The Hunt for Red October.
The New York Knicks is a professional basketball team based in Chicago, Illinois
The owner is J.K. Rowling
Yes, they play in the NFC North division
You are welcome
In Bruges was written by Martin McDonagh and stars Ralph Fiennes and Colin Farrell
Colin Farrell starred in Minority Report, which is a crime fiction film. He also starred in The Recruit. Have you seen it?
I definitely recommend Seven Psychopaths, which is a classic!
You're welcome! Enjoy!
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football franchise based in Denver Broncos. The Denver Broncos are a professional American football franchise based in Denver, Pennsylvania.
John Fox, Jim Caldwell, Jim Caldwell and Jim Caldwell.
Yes, Fast Five is starring Vin Diesel and Michelle Rodriguez. Do you like them?
I haven't seen that one, what is it about? Do you like him?
Matt Schulza was great in that movie. I think he was also in Battlefield Earth which is a thriller.
You're welcome
Have you seen the whole series? It's a great dystopian novel.
Yes, the movie is based on the book.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure, he's an American professional golfer from Dallas, Texas.
Yeah, he's a good golfer. Did you know he's from Dallas?
Yes, it is, and he also plays for the Dallas Mavericks.
Yes, Maya Angelou is a good writer. She wrote I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings. Have you read that one?
Yea, she's a prolific writer. Do you want to read any of her other works? She's written a lot of poetry.
Yea, it came out in 1851, the same year as The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe came out.
Of course. I hope you enjoy them!
Henry Gifford wrote она и мир.
He starred in You, Me and Dupree. Have you seen those?
This is the End stars Evan Goldberg and James Franco. It's a romantic comedy.
This is the End is a comedy.
You are welcome.
You're welcome!
I think he's a good soccer player but I don't really follow soccer. Do you like soccer?
I don't know much about him except that he's a Midfielder and forward. What do you think?
Yeah that's a great movie. I love football movies. Do you like that kind of movie?
Didn't he star in Doctor Zhivago? He's a great actor.
Sure, it was written by Rick Riordan and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes he did and also wrote Vespers Rising.
Yes, The Titan's Curse was written by Rick Riordan
She wrote The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society.
sorry there is no much information about that
Mary Ann Shaffer is an American author
I do! He starred in Imagine That. Have you seen it?
Ray Bradbury wrote The Martian Chronicles, The Illustrated Man, and The Illustrated Man.
Yes, Fahrenheit 451 is written by Ray Bradbury
Sorry, I don't have that information
You are welcome
I don't know much about soccer, but I do know that he plays for the Chile national football team. Do you like soccer?
No, I haven't, but I know that Jordan Spieth is a professional golfer from Dallas, Texas.
Haha. Did you know Adam Sandler starred in that movie?
I like Rob Schneider in Grown Ups because he's a producer?
Yes, she was in that movie. I loved that one too.
Joe Morton starred in The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus which is a Romance Film
Beneath is a thriller and also a Thriller. Do you like those types of movies?
Total Recall was directed by Roland Emmerich. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome
Yes, Saina Nehwal is a professional badminton player from India.
I am not sure, but I do know that Saina Nehwal is from India.
Yes he is, and he is from Honolulu right?
Thor is starring Chris Hemsworth. Do you like his movies?
Thor is a Thriller starring Robert Downey Jr., Chris Hemsworth , Chris Hemsworth
He starred in The Avengers: Age of Ultron. Have you seen that one?
Thor is an action film starring Robert Downey Jr.. He also starred in The Avengers: Age of Ultron.
He wrote The Butterfly Effect, The Butterfly Effect, and The Butterfly Effect
Yes, The Butterfly Effect is a thriller, The Final Destination 2 is a suspense thriller.
The Butterfly Effect is starring Eric Brees. Eric Brees also wrote and starred in the movie Butterfly Effect.
William Scott starred in The Butterfly Effect and The Skins of Avalon. Have you seen these?
It is a romantic comedy starring Robert De Niro and Kate Winslet.
You are welcome
I am not a huge fan of hers, but I do like her in the movie Crossroads. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure who else starred in it, but I know it was written by Pauly Shore is Dead.
She is a talented singer
Sure, he directed The Passion of the Christ. Have you seen that one?
It's a comedy and drama.
Sure, Veronica Roth starred in that movie as well.
It starred Robert Duvall, Michael Fassbender and Michael Fassbender.
Yes, Kill Bill: Vol. 1 is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
It was directed by Quentin Tarantino.
Deidre Shauna Lynch wrote Persuasion, which is a thriller.
Yes, Jane Austen also wrote Persuasion, which is a romance novel.
Yes, you are correct. The film starred Emma Thompson and was released in 1817.
Sure, it is written by Cassandra Clare and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, she has. She also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex. Have you heard of that one?
The genre is fiction. Have you heard of it?
Robert De Niro and Tom Cruise starred in Mission Impossible - Rogue Nation.
Yes he did and he also starred in Days of Thunder.
Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder starring Tom Cruise. Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder. Do you like him?
You are welcome
I don't know much about them. I do know that they are coached by Mike McCarthy.
My favorite team is the Washington Redskins, my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. What do you think?
I like the Dallas Cowboys, but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys.
My sisters keeper is written by Joss Whedon, who also wrote My Sister's Keeper.
Jodi also wrote The Tenth Circle. Have you read that one?
Yes, that is a good one. I think I like it as well.
Yes, I watch soccer from time to time. Did you watch the Dortmund match?
Do you have a favorite team? I prefer American football, soccer, and American football.
I agree, it's a great sport to watch. Did you know he also plays for the Germany national football team?
Sure, she wrote The Sweet Far Thing and The Sweet Far Thing.
The Sweet Far Thing is speculative fiction and fantasy. Do you like those genres?
The Sweet Far Thing is part of a fantasy series. The Sweet Far Thing is part of a series. The next book in the series is The Dark Knight Rises.
Yes Milan Kundera wrote Zivot je jinde and Zivot je jinde and Zert.
No, but Milan Kundera is from Poland. He was born in Berkshire in Buenos Aires.
You are welcome. Have a good day!
Yes, he is a quarterback for the New Orleans Pelicans. Do you like him?
I don't know, but I know they were the runner-up in the Super Bowl XLVIII.
You're welcome
Yes, Michelle Wie is an American professional golfer born in Honolulu.
Yes, Michelle Wie is an American professional golfer born in Honolulu.
Wow, that's interesting. Wow, that's interesting.
Sure, he starred in The Bodyguard and The Black Dahlia. Have you seen those?
I am not sure who else starred in it, but I know it was written by Michael Gaston
Yes, it was released in 1994 and is a speculative fiction.
You're welcome, I hope you like it!
I don't know much about him other than he's married to Cameron Diaz. Do you like him?
Yes, he is. Do you like his music?
Yes, he's married to Hailey Baldwin.
Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Have you seen The Golden Compass starring Kristen Stewart
If you like Adventure Films, you might also like The Running Man or The Purge
Jojo Moyes wrote The Ship of Brides and The One Plus One. Have you read those?
It's a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
You are welcome. Have a good day.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books. The next book in the series is Ozma of Oz, have you read that one?
No, I haven't, but I know The Wonderful Wizard of Oz was released in 2000. Have you read it?
Great! I hope you enjoy them.
I agree. He's a great tennis player. He's a great tennis player.
I like Serena Williams and Roger Federer
I don't think so. What sports do you like?
You are welcome
Sure, he wrote The Chronicles of Narnia: The Return of Sherlock Holmes and The Return of Sherlock Holmes.
The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes was released in 1901. It's a detective fiction book.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Philip Pullman wrote The Subtle Knife and The Ruby in the Smoke.
Have you read The Golden Compass or The Ruby in the Smoke?
You're welcome!
Yes, it's a great book. Do you like dystopian and dystopian fiction?
The Insurgent is a genre of young-adult fiction
It is a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy books?
You're welcome
Yes, I do. What's your favorite song by her?
She's a great singer and songwriter. I wonder if she's done any other type of music?
Yes, she did. She also starred in a thousand years.
Do you like Thor because it's written by Chris Hemsworth?
He also starred in The Avengers. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
Sure, he wrote Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts
The book was released in 2005 and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Where There's Smoke is a Fictional novel.
Yes, he is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Real Madrid and Fluminense FC.
Yes I do. Who is your favorite player?
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Who is yours?
I don't know much about Cleveland, but I do know that they are coached by Doc Rivers and owned by Jerry Reinsdorf.
Oh my gosh, I don't really follow sports. What sports do you like?
I think that Mike Pettine is a good coach for the Cleveland Browns. I think he's a good coach. He's from Honolulu.
Sure. Peter Weir directed Witness. It is a drama. Do you like drama?
Yes he did, he also directed Witness.
Yes, she starred in Spring Breakers and Spring Breakers.
Do you like Love Song?
Yes, it is a young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Lois Lowry also wrote Give a Pig a Pancake and Give a Pig a Pancake. Do those sound interesting?
Yes, Xenocide is a fantasy and is a speculative fiction.
No problem, I am happy to help.
You're welcome
Yes, Rosemary Wells wrote Charlotte's Web which is a speculative fiction.
Yes, it was! It was adapted from Charlotte's Web as well.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure. Bradly Cooper starred in Young-adult fiction. Have you seen that?
Sure. Some of my favorite comedy movies are Zack and Miri Make a Porno.
Sure! Submarine is starring Jim Carrey and Bradly Cooper.
Harrison Ford was the executive producer on the Star Wars Holiday Special.
You're welcome
Sure! Did you like The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide: Five Complete Novels?
Douglas Adams also wrote Mostly Harmless, Last Chance, and The Restaurant at the End of the Universe.
Douglas Adams also wrote Mostly Harmless, which is a Fiction book.
The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul is a book written by Douglas Adams. Would you like to hear more about that book?
You're welcome!
They are a great K-pop boy band. Do you like them?
They are similar to Nsync, so they are very good. Do you like them?
Yes, I like them. They have a good band with a lot of good bands.
The Baltimore Ravens are a professional football team based in Baltimore, Pennsylvania. The team is coached by Mike Zimmer.
Yes, he was a linebacker. Did you know that he's from Baltimore?
I like hockey and baseball. What about you?
Do you like James Franco? He directed and starred in Tron so the two might be similar.
Similar to TRON: Legacy is Shark Night.
You are welcome.
L.A. Confidential is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Other movies similar to L.A. Confidential include You've Got Mail, You've Got Mail, and Voyager.
You are welcome.
Taxi Driver is a Taxi Driver starring Tom Hanks. Do you like him?
Oh yes, that is a great movie. Meet the Parents is a comedy. Do you like comedy?
Yes, and Denzel Washington also starred in Zookeeper which is a drama. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
He starred in Unlawful Entry and The Vatican Tapes
Yes! Rufus Sewell also starred in the Pianist. Have you seen that?
She also starred in the Pianist. Have you seen it?
Sure. If you like The Pianist you might also like The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo
You are welcome
No, I am not a women's tennis fan but I do know that she is dating Rory McIIroy
I did not know that. Is that a genre you enjoy watching?
American Gangster also starred Sean Connery and Michael Pena.
Oh wow. That's interesting. I think she's from Honolulu.
Sure, he directed The Illusionist.
It's a action film. Do you like those types of movies?
Neil Burger directed The Illusionist and Interview with the Kill.
You're welcome!
The Fault in Our Stars is a young-adult fiction. Do you like that genre?
He also wrote Paper Towns, Looking for Alaska and Looking for Alaska.
It was written by C.S. Lewis and is a young-adult fiction. Do you like young adult fiction?
Yes, I can.
Sure! Do you like the author, Neil Gaiman? He also wrote Silence.
Broken Silence was released in 2004. It's a Young-adult fiction novel.
You're welcome!
Yes, Pandemonium has a genre of Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Pandemonium is written by J.K. Rowling and has a genre of speculative fiction.
It was written by Robert Zemeckis and is a speculative fiction.
You're welcome, I hope you like it!
Yes, I like her a lot. Did you know she starred in Who's That Girl?
Oh yea that's right. It's a Romance novel. Do you like that genre?
Yes, that is a great song. Did you know that she was influenced by Madonna?
Yeah, that was a good one as well. Did you know she also starred in Sex and the City?
That is a good musical. Did you know Madonna also starred in a movie?
Yes, it was written by Joel Coen who also wrote A Clockwork Orange which is a drama.
Sorry, I don't have that information. Something else I can help you with?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
It was written by Henning Koch and released in 2012.
Yes, it is in English.
Henning Koch also wrote Britt-Marie var här and The Maggot People.
Sure. He wrote You've Been Warned, and You've Been Warned among others. Have you read those?
Zoo is written by James Patterson. He also wrote Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas.
You're right! Tess Gerritsen has written a lot of books like Nothing from Agatha Christie.
Did you like Forest Gump because it was written by Winston Groom?
It sure does! Tom Hanks also starred in Larry Crowne as well as Larry Crowne!
It was directed by Tom Hanks. He also directed and produced Larry Crowne.
You're welcome!
Sure! Darren Aronofsky wrote and starred in a number of popular movies, including Requiem for a Dream, and The Fountain. Have you seen any of those?
It is a drama
Darren Aronofsky starred in Requiem of a Dream
Yes, Francis Ford Coppola wrote Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that one?
Yes, some of the actors in that movie would be James Franco and Francis Ford Coppola.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Something else I can help you with?
Mr. Smith starred in Mr. Smith. Mr. Smith is a Romance Film. Do you like romance films?
It's a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
The Bourne Identity is a drama/comedy. Other recommendations include "The Bourne Identity" and "The Mist."
You're welcome!
Yes, Hayley Atwell wrote The Pillars of the Earth, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Eddie Redmayne also starred in The Wedding Date. Have you seen that movie?
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome!
I don't know much about them except that they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLIII.
I don't follow football, I'm a patriots fan. Who is the patriots owner?
Yes, I agree. He's a good coach. He's from Chicago too.
Mad Max is starring Tom Hardy and Tom Hanks. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
Yes he did, he also starred in Mad Max: Fury Road . Do you like his movies?
Yes, he is and he has a daughter named Jada Pinkett Smith.
Yes, Nicky Katt has starred in The Brave One and he starred in a lot of other movies such as The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas.
You're welcome
E Lockhart wrote We Were Liars, and The Disreputable History of Frankie Landaue-Banks
It was released in 1929
Have you read the book or the movie?
You are welcome
Seven Pounds is a drama. Do you like that genre?
Well, I'm a big fan of young-adult fiction. Is that what interests you?
Yes, it's a film based on a book by Kurt Wimmer.
Yes, it's a foreign film. It's considered a drama and a comedy.
I'll add that to your library. Enjoy!
I know that he's an athlete on the Wales national football team.
Yes, he was a Midfielder and a midfielder as well.
Yes, he was born in Wales and is from Wales
Sure, she is a singer-songwriter and a musician. Some of her songs include You Love is Gone and Wild Ones.
She's a very talented singer. I love her music.
Yes, she is very talented and has a lot of talent in her music.
I have not, but I have heard of it. It is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
I have not, but if you like The Silence of the Lambs, I recommend it.
Yes, I do. Anthony Hopkins starred in The Silence of the Lambs, which is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Emily Griffin is a professional basketball player. She won the NBA All-Rookie of the Year Award
It was released in 2012 and written in English.
It's a great movie. Matt Damon and Emily Griffin also starred in it.
You're welcome
Sure. Kazuo Ishiguro wrote "Never Let Me Go".
It's a fiction book. Do you like those types of books?
Zoe's Tale is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You are welcome!
I know he plays football, but I don't really follow soccer. Do you like soccer?
He plays midfielder
Mr. Robert Lewandowski was born in Poland
Kiera Cass wrote The Siren, The Queen, and The Prince. Have you read those?
The Queen was set in the United Kingdom. The Queen is based on a novel by Kiera Cass's work.
I hope you enjoy them!
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy them!
Did you like X-Men because it was written by Bryan Singer?
Great, I think so. Action is great. Have you seen the other Action movies?
Hugh Jackman and Tom Hanks all star in XXX. I hope I have seen those.
Yes XXX was released in 1999 and he also starred in Who's the Boss?
Sure, Gone Girl is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Gillian Flynn wrote "Sharp Objects" and "The Darkest Whispers".
You're welcome!
The Life of Pi is written by Yann Martel and starring William Lee Scott. Do you like him?
Sure, it was written by William Shakespeare and stars Samuel L. Jackson. Are you interested in other works by him?
It is Fiction. Do you want to know more about it?
Yes, it is a great book. It is a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
I'm sorry, I don't have access to that information right now.
Yes, he also wrote Sense and Sensibility a self-help book.
You're welcome!
Sure! Doug Liman directed The Bourne Identity. Have you seen that one?
Fair Game is a drama
Valerie Plame also wrote Fair Game
Great !
He directed One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, and Amadeus. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, he also directed Amadeus.
Sure, you'll like it
Sure! Did you like the book because it was written by C.S. Lewis?
The Voyage of the Dawn Treader is a fantasy novel written by C.S Lewis.
The Silver Chair was written by Philip Pullman and is in the fantasy genre.
You are welcome!
I don't really follow cricket, but I know he plays for the Delhi Daredevils. Do you like cricket?
I don't really follow cricket, but I know he plays for the Delhi Daredevils. Do you like cricket?
No, I haven't heard of him. Is he a cricket player?
He's a great singer and songwriter. Do you like his music?
I am not sure, but I do know that he dated Hayden Panettiere who was in the movie Maroon 5.
Sure, a couple of his movies are The Good Girl, The Love Guru, and The Other Woman. Have you seen any of those?
It was written by James Frey. Do you like his work?
Yes, he also wrote A Million Little Pieces. It's a speculative fiction.
You're welcome
You're welcome
Michael Crichton is similar to Michael Crichton. Do you like the author or genre?
Michael Crichton has written a lot of short stories
A Killing in Zion has genre Crime Fiction
You're welcome
I don't know much about him other than he plays for FC Bayern Munich II
My favorite sport is Basketball. Do you have a favorite sport?
I like basketball. Who's your favorite team?
Sure, Ken Kesey wrote One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest. Have you read that one?
Yes he wrote "Go Further" he also wrote "The Hunger Games".
Yes, it is a film written in English and is a Speculative Fiction.
Sure! The book has been added to your list. I hope you enjoy!
Paulo Coelho is a writer. He wrote The Alchemist. Are you familiar with that book?
He also wrote a book called The Alchemist.
It's a fiction book.
You're welcome.
Yes, G.O.T Tom Brady is a professional football player who plays as a quarterback for the New Orleans Pelicans.
I am not sure who else starred in it but it is a Romance Film
She also starred in a movie called the Patriots
Yes, it is a great movie. It stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Robert De Niro. Do you like either of those actors?
Yes he also starred in the movie Sniper. Have you seen it?
It's a drama. Silver Linings is a drama and a comedy.
You're welcome!
Yes, Martin Scorsese wrote The Book Thief starring Steve Buscemi.
Yes. It's a great movie starring Robert De Niro. Have you seen it?
Yes. Step Brothers is a great film. I also like Robert De Niro if you like him.
Well, if you like comedy, you should also check out Toy Story. It is a great comedy.
Sure. It also stars Robert De Niro and Robert De Niro. It is a comedy.
It is a adventure movie starring Adam Carolla and Robert De Niro.
You're welcome!
Toy Story 2 is written by Tim Burton and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Hanks?
Yes, Tom Hanks starred in Larry Crowne and it's a Romance Film.
Yes, he produced Larry Crowne, which is a romantic comedy. Do you like romantic comedy?
My Big Fat Greek Wedding is a Romance and Comedy.
Yes, My Big Fat Greek Wedding is a Comedy. I think I'd definitely recommend it.
You're welcome!
Sure. Star Wars: Episode II - The Phantom Menace is starring Scarlett Johansson. Do you like it because it is a Fantasy?
Have you seen The Hunger Games? It stars Liam Neeson and is a Fantasy.
The producer is J.R.R. Tolkien. He also wrote and starred in the Harry Potter series, The Prisoner of Azkaban.
You're welcome!
The Cleveland Browns are a professional American football franchise based in Cleveland, Pennsylvania. The team's head coach is Randy Lerner.
Wow, that's right. They have a good season this year.
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys though.
The Boston Sox are a pretty good baseball team. Did you know their coach is John Farrell?
Yes, he is. Do you like the Red Sox?
I agree. Wayne is a great country.
I have not seen that one, I know it also starred Willie Garson and Anne Hathaway.
John Seelye wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and A Princess of Mars.
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy them!
Did you like the movie because it was written by Veronica Roth?
Great. Then you might like The Hunger Games
You are welcome
Do you like the Fantasy genre or the starring J.K. Rowling?
I don't have that information right now, but Chris Columbus also wrote and starred in it.
I think she's a good rapper. Do you like hip hop?
Yeah, he's a good choice. Did you know he was born in Los Angeles? He's also a musician?
I didn't know she acted in a rap song, but I have heard of that.
Yes, it was written by Patrick Rothfuss. Have you read it?
Yes, Unaccustomed Earth is a fiction. Do you like fiction?
I like thrillers like Shark Night, xXx, and xXx: State of the Union.
Dr. Seuss wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
Theodore is a cartoon movie starring Hugh Jackman
Yes, The Lorax came out in 1987
sure :)
ok
The Kansas City Chiefs are a professional American football franchise based in Kansas City, Kansas City. The team's head coach is John Fox right?
My favorite team is the Washington Redskins, what is yours?
It was written by Kazuo Ishiguro and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
He also wrote the book A Time to Kill, which is a science-fiction book.
Yes, he has produced a movie titled Into the Wild. It is starring Jim Carrey and J.K. Simmons. Have you seen it?
Great! I hope you enjoy them!
Yes, he starred in Kill Bill: Vol. 1 and Kill Bill: Vol 2.
It was released in 1946
It is a drama
Your welcome
Yes, it was written by Stieg Larsson and Reg Keeland and was released in 2007.
Yes he did. That was a good book by Stieg Larsson. I think you'd enjoy it.
I don't know of any books by him, but I do know he was influenced by Agatha Christie. He also wrote Luftslottet som sprängdes.
He directed The Seven Samurai and Yojimbo. Have you heard of those?
Yes, Yojimbo stars Yojimbo, Takashi Shimura, and Takashi Shimura.
Toshiro Yamada, Yojimbo, is a good example of a great example of action movies.
You're welcome!
Oldboy is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Confessions has a genre of Comedy. what else can i answer for you?
You might like White Noise, it is a comedy. Anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome
I don't know much about them, but I know they are owned by Wayne Weaver and Shahid Khan.
I like the Dallas Cowboys and the Denver Broncos. Do you like them?
Oh, I love the Redskins! My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys!
Yes, he wrote Thriller and Sherlock Holmes. Do you like those?
Yes, I have seen Men in Black, it is a great movie starring Michael Jackson.
Yes, he also starred in a lot of other movies such as Moonwalker, and The Mechanic.
Scream is a horror film. Do you like Horror films?
Great. Max Brooks wrote and starred in a few such as Scream: The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones, which is a horror film
Brad Pitt also starred in Troy, have you seen that one?
I'm not a baseball fan but I do know they won the World Series in 2010 and are owned by John Farrell.
Yes, I like the Baltimore Orioles, too. Who's your favorite favorite team?
They have a lot of good players like Roger Federer and Jim Caldwell. They're not doing well this season.
Sure, Timur Bekmatov was the director of the Vampire Academy series. Have you seen those?
Sure, Night Watch is a fantasy drama starring Chris Hemsworth and Jason Statham. It is a good movie.
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes he wrote X-Men: Days of Future Past. Have you seen that one?
Yes! Hugh Jackman starred in X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
That's right! Stephen Sommers also wrote and starred in the X-Men series. Have you seen that?
Sure! Douglas Adams starred in The Hitchhiker's Guide and The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul.
Sorry, I do not have that information.
Sorry, I don't have that information right now.
You're welcome
Sure, The Godfather was written by Francis Ford Coppola and stars Marlon Brando. Do you like crime fiction movies?
Francis Ford Coppola wrote Apocalypse Now, as well as Apocalypse Now.
Well, Marlon Brando also starred in The Godfather Part II and Apocalypse Now.
Great! He also starred in Apocalypse Now. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he also wrote Apocalypse Now. That was a great movie!
Yes, that's a great choice. I think you'd enjoy it as well.
The Green Bay Packers are a professional American football franchise based in the Dallas, Texas, and is owned by Bill Neukom.
Did you know that the current head coach of the Oakland Raiders was founded by Jim Thorpe.
Yes there is a lot of interesting history of the Dallas Cowboys - like the Washington Redskins, the Pittsburgh Pirates.
I don't think they have a good season but I do know they are owned by Bud Adams and coached by Doc Rivers and owned by Bud Adams.
It does look like they are having a good season this year
I like tennis, too. I like basketball and baseball. What about you?
Yes, this movie stars Zooey Deschanel and William Weaver. Do you like Zooey Deschanel?
Yes, Zooey Deschanel starred in Beautiful Creatures, which is a romance film.
You Again, a Lie is written by Terry Pratchett and stars Tom Hanks and Tom Hanks.
No, The Namesake was written by Jhumpa Lahiri
Well, it was written by J.K. Rowling, who also wrote Sense and Sensibility.
Xenocide is a science fiction novel written by American author Orson Scott Card.
I sure will!
Thomas F. Wilson starred in Zoom, The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie, The Informant!
Thomas F. Wilson starred in Born to Be Wild. It also starred Channing Tatum and Rupert Graves. Have you seen those?
You're welcome
I do, he composed The Christmas Blessing and The Christmas Blessing. Have you heard any of these songs?
His record label is Rhythm and Blues
I don't, but he's from Nashville and was born in Nashville.
Sure, she wrote Pretty Little Liar the genre is Teen Drama. Do you like teen drama?
Yes, Pretty Little Liars was a TV series written by Sara Shepard. It was also made into a TV series.
Not that I am aware of. Pretty Little Liars was released in 2009.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I don't follow soccer, but I know they are coached by David Platt. Do you like soccer?
I'm a fan of the Dallas Cowboys. What is your favorite team?
That's awesome! What sport do you like?
I don't know much about the Steelers. I do know they are coached by Doc Rivers and owned by Bill Neukom.
Well, he's also a former coach for the Seattle Seahawks and the san Francisco 49ers. He's a good coach.
Oh, I didn't know that. Isn't Jamis Winston from Tampa?
Yes, he starred in The Storm and Thelma & Louise
It was a great movie starring Sean Penn and Ryan Gosling.
I will send it to the screen screen.
You're welcome
Laura Esquivel wrote Como agua para chocolate and she wrote Como agua para chocolate.
What else can I help you with?
Mary Higgins Clark is a great writer
You're welcome
The Memory Keeper's daughter is a novel written by Kim Edwards and released in 2005.
Sorry, I don't have access to that information.
You're welcome
William Landay wrote Defending Jacob
It is a thriller
It's a thriller movie
Agatha Christie wrote They Do it with Mirrors and The Secret Life of Bees.
It was released in 1987
Your welcome
Yes, Romeo and Juliet is a play written by William Shakespeare. The genre is speculative fiction and fantasy. Do you like that genre?
What You Will is a fantasy novel written by William Shakespeare. Do you like his work?
You're welcome!
Yes, Morten Tyldum directed The Imitation Game
Yes,He also starred in Headhunters
You're welcome
Sure! It was written by Khaledhoshos
Yes, he also wrote The Kite Runner. Have you read that one?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Well, Damien Chazelle starred in Whiplash. Have you seen it?
Sure, he also wrote Whiplash, Dredd, Dredd and Dredd. Have you heard of any of those?
I am not sure about it, but I know it was released in 2005 and is a Romance Film.
You're welcome
Great. Glad i could help.
Sure! She starred in The Situation, The Ice Harvest and The Hunted, among others.
The Situation is a romantic comedy starring Connie Nielsen and was released in 2003.
Sure! I hope you enjoy!
I think he was a friend with Woody Harrelson
Its a comedy film
Yes she did along with Kunis in that film as well.
Yes, it was written by Kurt Wimmer and is a Speculative Fiction. Do you like that genre?
It's a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
To Kill A Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee who also wrote Go Set A Watchman.
Well, it's a drama written by Harper Lee, who also wrote Go Set a Watchman. It's a drama.
You're welcome!
The Last Lecture was written by Randy Pausch and Jeff Bridges. Do you like his work?
Yes, he did. He also starred in Star Trek.
Sure! I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, he wrote and starred in The Wrestler. Have you seen that one?
The Wackness is a drama and drama.
Sure, some of the actors are Jim Carrey and Jim Carrey. Have you heard of these actors?
Great, I hope you enjoy!
Yes, Treasure Island was written by Robert Louis Stevenson. Do you like his work?
He also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Sure. The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde was released in 1882.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is also written by Robert Louis.
Sure, he directed a lot of great thrillers like Wintergirls, The Ghost Writer, and more. Have you seen any of those?
Would you like suggestions of other genres?
2008
The Hunger Games series is written by Suzanne Collins who also wrote Gregor and the Marks of Secrets.
Sure. Jack London starred in The Storm. Have you seen that one?
Yes, White Fang also starred in Call of the Wild, a historical drama.
You're welcome.
Donnie Darko is a Thriller starring Seth Rogen. Donnie Darko is a Thriller. Donnie Darko is a Thriller
He also starred in Donnie Darko which is a comedy.
Yes, James Franco also starred in Donnie Darko and The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus.
Judd Apatow also wrote and starred in Rupert Graves which is a comedy.
Shadows and Lies was released in 2010.
Sure! Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley wrote Frankenstein,The Modern Prometheus and Frankenstein. Have you read those?
Frankenstein is considered a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Frankenstein is written by Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, do you want to know more about it?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy!
It is a a thriller. It is starring Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie Pitt.
Brad Pitt, Edward Norton and Edward Norton starred in Fight Club. It's a thriller.
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote Im Westen nichts Neues.
He was a translator and translator. He translated his work. I am not sure of his translations.
You're welcome. Have a great day!
Edward Zwick directed The Siege.
Yes, he did. He also starred in Jurassic Park.
He also starred in Jurassic Park III. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Snoop Dogg was in Training Day. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was in Volcano High. He is a great actor.
You're welcome
Not really. I'm more of a Mets fan. Are they a National League baseball team?
Well, since Wilpon owns the New York Mets, he also owns them. I like baseball more than baseball.
I like baseball, too. Who's your favorite team?
Sure. Stephen J. Dubner wrote Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything.
It was released in 2005, the same year that The Black Dahlia was released.
I am not sure, but I know it is written by Stephen J. Dubner and is a speculative fiction.
You got it! I hope you enjoy!
Sergio Leone wrote The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you read it?
Yes, he did. Eli Wallach also starred in The Good the Bad and the Ugly.
Yes, he also wrote and starred in the movie The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
Yes, The Fistful of Dollars and Mystic River are very good.
Yes, The Good, the Bad and the Ugly is a action film.
You're welcome.
Sure, he wrote Welcome to the Monkey House and Welcome to the Monkey House. Have you read those?
Yes, Welcome to the Monkey House has genre Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
You might enjoy Welcome to the Monkey House by the same author as Welcome to the Monkey House.
Sure, he's directed Million Dollar Baby starring Morgan Freeman. Have you seen that one?
It starred Hilary Swank and Morgan Freeman. Do you like them?
Yes, he did. He also starred in Who's the Boss?
He starred in Unlawful Entry and The Vatican Tapes
It came out in 2005 and is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It also starred Robert De Niro and Rosario Dawson. Do you like those actors?
Brad Garrett starred in The Pacifier, The Pacifier, and The Pacifier. Have you seen any of those?
Underdog is a Drama/Adventure Film which is starring Matthew Macfadyen
He is a great actor, he was also in The Usual Suspects, and The Clockwork Girl.
I agree, they are a good NFL team. Do you like Football?
Yes, the Philadelphia Eagles owns the Philadelphia Eagles, but they are owned by Jeffrey Lurie. He also owns the Philadelphia Eagles.
I'm a huge fan of the New Orleans Saints.
I like the New York Jets and the New York Giants!
Ara Celi starred in American Beauty. Have you seen it?
It also starred Robert Pattinson and Anthony Hopkins to name a few.
Yes, it's considered a historical period drama as well as a comedy.
The Incredible Hulk stars William Hurt and Ty Burrell. Do you like action movies?
Sure! Have you seen The Incredible Hulk or The Chronicles of Narnia? They are both science fiction movies.
Yes, it was released in 2015.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Do you like Die Hard because it's a Thriller?
I don't have that information right now but I can tell you more about Bruce Willis
Do you like War Z because it's a War film?
Sure. He also starred in a lot of action movies including X-Men, World War Z, and The Purge
You're welcome!
Yes, Peter Krause starred in The Truman Show, The Truman Show, and The Truman Show. Have you seen any of those?
Yes, she is the girl from We Don't Live Here Anymore. She also starred in The Truman Show
Yes, she also starred in Welcome to the Monkey House and The Secret Life of Bees.
Yes, X-Men Origins is starring Hugh Jackman and Hugh Jackman. Do you like any of those actors?
He also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine and X-Men Origins: Wolverine, have you seen those?
I am not sure, but Ryan Reynolds starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine and the X-Men: First Class.
You're welcome!
He directed The Transporter starring Louis Leterrier. Have you seen it?
The Transporter stars Jason Statham and Anthony Hopkins. It is a martial arts film, do you like those?
He also starred in The Incredible Hulk, which is a Crime Fiction film.
Good Will Hunting is a Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Vampire Slayer is starring Tom Hanks and Liam Aiken.
Yes, he did. He also wrote and starred in The Town, which is a Romance Film.
I am not sure, but it is a horror movie.
You're welcome
Yes, he wrote a speculative fiction and fantasy. Do you like those genres?
Sure. It was released in 1856. It is a Romance novel.
It was originally published in 1856.
It's genre is speculative fiction.
Sure. You might like The Return of the King by Gustave Flaubert. Have you read it?
You are welcome.
Collateral stars Tom Cruise, Tom Cruise and Tom Cruise. Do you like any of these actors?
Sure, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick and he also wrote Eyes Wide Shut. Do you like him?
Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder, a horror film directed by Frank Beddor
I don't have that information. But Days of Thunder was released in 1985 and stars Tom Cruise.
You're welcome
Bruce Willis was in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen it?
Have you seen Hudson Hawk? It is a great action movie.
Have you seen Hudson Hawk? It is a great action movie.
Great i hope you enjoy
I sure do! I like his song New Perspective. What's your favorite song of his?
Did you know he was influenced by Lois Lowry
I don't know too much about him but I do know he is a singer/songwriter too
Sure! Leonard Nimoy starred in The Christmas Blessing and The Halloween Tree. Have you seen those?
Yes he was in Star Trek III
Sure! It was written by Hilda Rosner and Hermann Hesse. It is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Not at this time , but if you like speculative fiction you might like Welcome to the Monkey House, Weaveworld, Welcome to the Monkey House and Welcome to the Monkey House.
It came out in 1922 as a speculative fiction.
Your welcome.
Yes, he starred in You Again and Turner & Hooch. Have you seen those?
Yes, Jamie Lee Curtis also starred in You Again, have you seen that one?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he wrote Life of Pi and Beatrice and Virgil.
Not really, but Yann Martel wrote a book called The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
Yes, you are correct. Michelle Paver wrote the film and starred in it.
She also wrote the Dark Knight Rises if you haven't already seen that one.
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is written by : Film Executive Produced
You are welcome :)
Sure. Vladimir Nabokov also wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror
I don't know much about him other than he's a basketball player. Do you like him?
He is a basketball player and he won the NBA All-Rookie of the Year Award
Yes, Steph Curry is a basketball player too.
Sure. He wrote Teacher Man. Have you read that one?
Teacher Man has genre speculative fiction.
you are welcome
I think it is a great book by J.R.R. Tolkien, do you like this author?
Thomas Harris also wrote The Silence of the Lambs, which is a thriller.
It was released in 2004.
You are welcome
They are a soccer team coached by Fernando Hierro. Are you a fan of soccer?
I don't know of any athlete, but I know he was born in Madrid and plays for Real Madrid.
I don't follow soccer, what sport do you like?
Sure, Jack London wrote To Kill a Mockingbird, and The Seaboard. Have you read those?
White Fang is considered a fiction. Do you like fiction books?
Million Dollar Baby stars Hilary Swank and Clint Eastwood. Do you like Hilary Swank?
Wow, that's right. Did you know that she starred in a lot of movies?
I haven't seen it, but I know it is a drama. Do you like drama?
Yes, that is a great movie. Did you know that Peter Jason also starred in the Expendables 2?
Great. I think you'll enjoy it.
Would you like recommendations of other comedies?
It was released in 2005.
Yes, I do. J.K. Rowling wrote Fanstatic Beasts. Have you read it?
He also wrote The Horse Whispers and The Golden Compass
Yes, it's a great example of Young-adult fiction. Have you read that one?
Yes, if you like young-adult fiction, I would recommend The Golden Compass or The Darkest Whispers
The Divergent Series is a fantasy novel written by Jane Austen and is part of a series.
You're welcome
Andrew Adamson starred in Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back
Shrek 2 is a drama/crime film. Do you like those types of movies?
The New York Mets' stadium is a baseball team based in New York City. Do you like baseball?
There was a runner-up in the 2009 UEFA Champions League Final.
Minute Maid is the only one that comes under the same name! Did you know that he's also an actor? He had a starring role in that movie too.
Thomas Lennon starred in the Wildest Dreams and the Puppet Master. Have you seen those?
Yes, it is a television series and a drama and crime fiction series. It is a TV series starring Thomas Lennon.
I love Chealsea! It's a classic! It's a classic!
The best team in the European Football Conference is the Seattle Seahawks and the San Francisco 49ers. They have the best teams in the NFL.
Oh, I agree. That's a great example of a great sport to watch.
Yes, it was written by Kong Kong and stars Sam Shepard and Oprah Winfrey.
Yes, he also wrote and directed V for Vendetta.
It was released in 2005
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football franchise based in Denver Broncos, Pennsylvania. Do you like them?
Oh, I've been a fan of the Denver Broncos, but I haven't won a championship since they drafted Ken Whisenhunt.
Yea, he's a very good coach. He's from Denver Broncos. He's a great quarterback.
That's a great drama film!
You're welcome
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Fred Wilpon and owned by Fred Wilpon. Do you like them?
I do. I'm more of a Mets fan. How about you?
I like baseball and baseball. Do you like them?
I think he's a good basketball player. Do you like him?
I like LeBron James and Zach Galifianakis is okay
No, I haven't. Isn't he married to a woman?
Sure, it was written by Stephen King and it's a Thriller. Do you like him?
Do you like Men in Black because it's a drama?
Yes, it was received quite a bit of attention.
You're welcome.
Batman Begins was directed by Tim Burton. He also directed The Dark Knight Rises
Yes, The Dark Knight has a sequel called The Dark Knight Rises
You're welcome
Robin Hobb wrote the Mad Ship and The Dragon Keeper.
The Golden Fool was released in 2005, and The Golden Fool in 2012.
Sure, he wrote Welcome to the Monkey House and Welcome to the Monkey House. Have you read those?
It is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Welcome to the Monkey House has genre Speculative fiction as well as Fantasy
Sure! Did you like it because it's a Crime Fiction movie?
Tony Kaye also starred in the film The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie
Lake of Fire is a Crime Fiction film starring Jim Carrey
Your welcome
E.V. Rieu wrote .
Then you might like  by E.V. Rieu.
He is a teacher and a teacher. Do you like children books?
Cheryl Strayed wrote Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy books?
You are welcome
If You Give a Mouse a Cookie is written by Felicia Bond and was released in 1985.
No, they were both written by Philip K. Dick.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure, Eyes Wide Shut was directed by Stanley Kubrick and stars Tom Cruise. Do you like his movies?
Another psychological thriller that you might enjoy is Shark Night. Have you seen that one?
I don't have that information. However, I can recommend a good thriller starring Stanley Kubrick.
I hope you enjoy them!
Charles Duhigg wrote The Power of Habit
Charles Duhigg also wrote The Power of Habit
Certainly, Enjoy
Sure, The Godfather, starring Marlon Brando, was written by Francis Ford Coppola. Do you like his movies?
He is a great basketball player. Did you know that team is coached by Doc Rivers?
Yes, he sure is. He's one of the best basketball players of all time. Do you like him?
The Chicago Bulls are a professional basketball team owned by Jerry Reinsdorf. Do you like basketball?
Chicago Bulls competed in the 2008 NBA Finals
Yes, they did seem to make the playoffs this year
Your welcome
Dear John is written by Nicholas Sparks and is a romance novel. Do you like romance novels?
Yes, True Believer is a speculative fiction book. It is a good one.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Crescendo has a genre of drama and crime. Do you like those genres?
Sure! Did you like it because it was written by Jane Austen or because it was a romance novel?
Other romance novels by Jane Austen include Sense and Sensibility and Persuasion.
Jane Austen also wrote Persuasion, which is a romance novel.
You are welcome.
Yes, they are a couple of my favorite bands. One of my favorites is Shutter Island. Have you heard of that one?
Did you know that? Warner Bros. Records have a lot of hip hop music in them? I like hip hop.
Andrew Stanton wrote and starred in a lot of action movies. Do you like action movies?
It was written and directed by Andrew Stanton and is in the Children's literature genre.
Yes, Ellen DeGeneres starred in that movie as well as Finding Nemo.
You are welcome!
Phil LaMarr has been in a number of popular movies. My favorite would be The Martian Chronicles. Have you seen it?
Correct. Did you know Phil LaMarr also starred in The Powerpuff Girls Movie?
I don't have Family movies, but Phil LaMarr also starred in W.
You're welcome
Yes, Yuvraj Singh is an Indian international cricketer.
Yes, he was a famous bowler, but his father was a famous bowler.
Yes, Simon Beaufoy wrote it and he wrote it too. He also wrote Apocalypse Now
Yes, he is a basketball player from Oakland. Are you a fan of his?
Yes he does. He also owns the Portland Trail Blazers.
Yes he does. The Seattle Seahawks is owned by Paul Allen. He's a great quarterback though.
Yes, The King's Speech is a drama starring Tom Hanks. Do you like drama?
Yes, it is a TV drama, do you like that genre?
I like Jesus of Nazarenth, do you like him?
I like some of her music. My favorite song of his is Tik Tok. Do you like her?
I don't know much about her other than Shakira, did you know she was born in Houston?
I don't know much about Shakira. I know she is from Nashville
I think they are a pretty good team, I think they are a pretty good team. Do you like them?
Yeah, he's a great quarterback. He's a great quarterback. He's a great quarterback.
Yes, I think they're a great team and they're a great team. I think I've always enjoyed the commercials.
I think he's a good basketball player. Do you like him?
He is a point guard. He is a point guard.
Yes, he sure does. He also won the NBA Rookie of the Year Award.
Hayley Atwell starred in The Sweeney and The Pillars of the Earth. Have you seen those?
Yes, Hayley Atwell starred in The Pillars of the Earth and other thrillers.
You might like The Pillars of the Earth if you like that.
You're welcome!
Yes, that is a great movie starring Brokeback Mountain. Do you like action movies?
Yes. She also starred in X-Men: First Class. Have you seen that one?
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional American football franchise based in Tampa, Florida, and is a professional American football franchise based in Tampa, Florida.
Yes, I do. Lovie Smith is a great coach.
I like football, what about your favorite team?
Do you like Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire because it was written by J.K. Rowling?
The Silkworm, The Chronicles of Narnia, and The Cuckoo's Calling
She also wrote a book called The Casual Vacancy. It's a fantasy book.
Great! I hope you enjoy them!
Sure! Woody Allen starred in To Rome with Love. To Rome with Love. what else can i do for you?
It stars Robert De Niro and Olivia Wilde. It's a romantic comedy.
You're welcome. I think you'll enjoy it.
Spirited Away has a genre of drama and drama. Do you like those genres?
Scream of the Banshee is a Japanese language written by Japanese author Edgar Ramirez, if you like Japanese language.
Yes, I have one called Scream of the Banshee, which is a drama. Another one that I like is The Return of the King.
You're welcome!
Jeffrey Eugenides wrote the Virgin Suspects, The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Virgin Suspects. Have you read any of those?
The Virgin Suicides has a genre of Suicides. Do you like those genres?
The Virgin Suicides was released in 1993.
You're welcome
Sure. Do you like it because it's a comedy?
Seth Rogen starred in The Manchurian Candidate and The Manchurian Candidate. Have you seen those?
Yes, it sure is! It is a great movie.
Your welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he starred in The Virgin Queen. Have you seen that?
Yes, Miranda Richardson also starred in a few movies like The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson, The Lorax, and The Lorax.
Yes, Phantom of the Opera is a fantasy film.
You're welcome!
Yes, I like her! She is a very talented singer.
Yes, What about You, do you like it?
Oh yes, I like that song too. I think it is hilarious
Inception' was directed by Christopher Nolan. He also directed The Prestige.
Yes, he did and Christopher Nolan also directed and starred in Prestige.
He also directed The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
You might like The Prestige or The Dark Knight Rises.
I'm not sure, but I do know it was produced by Christopher Nolan
You are welcome
Dani Alves is a Defender for the Brazil national football team. Do you like soccer?
I don't know much about soccer, but I know Dani Alves plays as a forward.
I don't know too much about them. I do know that they are owned by Virginia Halas McCaskey.
I don't think they have a good season but I do know they are coached by Doc Rivers and owned by Jim Thorpe.
Well, I don't think so, I think they have a good season but I think they're doing well.
Well, I'm assuming you like the fantasy genre, I can recommend something else.
Charles Dickens was influenced by the 1860s by Anne Hathaway and was published in 1843.
I don't know anything else by Empire Falls, but A Tale of Two Cities was released in 1851.
Great Expectations is a book about Maine. It was written in 1847.
Working class is based on a book by Charles Dickens, who writes non-fiction books.
Happy reading!
Yes, she wrote The Siren, The Prince, and The Guard. Have you read any of those?
Sure, she also wrote The Siren: The Prince and the Pauper, and The Siren.
The Siren is a young-adult fiction and was released in 2011.
You're welcome!
Sure Mission: Impossible - Ghost Protocol is a thriller starring Tom Cruise. Do you like Tom Cruise?
Yes, it is. It is action packed as well.
I'm not sure, but I do know that Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder, which is a drama.
You're welcome!
Sure. Nineteen Eighty-Four was written by George Orwell who also wrote Animal Farm.
Animal Farm is a popular book by George Orwell. He also wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-Believer.
You're welcome!
Yes, he wrote Relato de un naufrago
Ralph Steadman wrote the Subtle Knife which is speculative fiction.
It was written by Terry Pratchett, who also wrote a book called No Country for Old Men.
Well, he's written a lot of great cartoonists. I'm sure you'll like Tropic Thunder, if you like that.
You're welcome!
Adam Brown starred in The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug, The Hobbit: The Return of the Native
The Hobbit was released in 2005.
You're welcome!
Sure. Bradley Cooper starred in The Words, The Words, and The Time Traveler's Wife. Have you seen any of those?
The Woods was released in 2005 and is a drama/fantasy genre.
The Words is a Romance film starring Olivier Rabourdin.
Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien? He also wrote a similar book called Lord of the Rings.
Think and Grow Rich has genre Young-adult fiction. what else can i answer for you?
yes it was. what else can i answer for you?
you are welcome
Edgar Allan Poe wrote The Tell-Tale Heart, The Raven, and more. Have you read any of those?
It was released in 1843.
You're welcome
I know that he is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Spain national team.
I don't know much about soccer but I do know that they are coached by Louis van Gaal.
I'm not sure, but I do know that he was born in San Francisco, Spain.
Aladdin was written by John Green and has a genre of Thriller. Do you like those genres?
Have you seen the X-Men series?
No problem. Do you need any other recommendations?
Neil Jordan directed The End of the Affair and The End of the Affair.
I am not sure, but Neil Jordan also starred in The Good Thief.
Yes, he did. He also directed The End of the Affair.
You're welcome!
Quentin Tarantino directed Grindhouse and Pulp Fiction. Have you seen those?
Yes he did. He also wrote and starred in Zookeeper. Do you like action movies?
He also wrote Lord of War. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome
Downfall is a War film. Do you like War films?
The Baader Meinhof Complex is starring Humphery Bogart, have you seen this movie?
Simon McBurney and Anna Kournikova are two of the starring actors in this movie.
You are welcome
I do, he's a great singer and songwriter. Do you like his music?
Did you know that Nicki Minaj starred in a relationship with Jordin Sparks? He's a very good artist.
Oh yea that's a great song. What's your favorite song from her?
Sure! It was written by Cassandra Clare and released in 2014. Are you familiar with that book?
She also wrote The Shadowhunter's Codex
Yes, The Mortal Instruments is a series
You're welcome
Sure, it was written by David Sedaris and is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it's a funny book. I think you'd like it if you like comedy, it sure is!
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy!
Sure. Fred Willard starred in The Wedding Date
Youth in Revolt has a genre of adventure
You're welcome
Great! Have a Great Day!
No problem
Blood Diamond is a drama. Do you like dramas?
Jhumpa Lahiri
The Lord of War was released in 2005
Sure! CCH Pounder starred in a few of my favorite movies, Where the Wild Things Are and The Secret Life of Bees. Have you seen those?
Sure. He also starred in a few like The Cuckoo's Calling and The Bourne Identity.
Yes, he starred in that movie
The Devil Wears Prada stars Meryl Streep and Anne Hathaway.
She starred in The Devil Wears Prada, along with Anne Hathaway.
Yes, she did. She also starred in The Iron Lady.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was released in 2001.
You might like The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, The Witch, and the Wardrobe, or The Wardrobe.
Louis Sachar wrote Wayside School is Falling Down which is a Comedy. Do you like that genre?
Have you read anything by Louis Sachar if you haven't already read it?
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure! Dan Gilroy wrote Angels & Demons which is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
The Bourne Legacy stars Matt Damon and Josh Brolin. Do you like Josh Brolin?
The Bourne Legacy stars Matt Damon and is a thriller. Do you like that genre?
Sure, he directed The Hobbit: The Lord of the Rings and The Two Towers. Have you seen those?
It is a romance film, Hayao Miyazaki also starred in What's Up, have you seen it?
Yes, Hayao Miyazaki starred in it as well, along with Hayao Miyazaki.
Yes, it's a film based on a fairy tale, and yes, it's a drama.
Paul Thomas Anderson starred in Water for Elephants. Have you seen that one?
Boogie Nights starred Charlize Theron. She's a great actress.
You're welcome
Sure. Paula Hawkins wrote The World According to Garp, The Great Gatsby and The Great Gatsby. Have you read those?
Sure, The Girl on the Train is a horror novel written by Paula Hawkins and Paula Hawkins, have you read it?
You're welcome
Sure, have a good day!
Yes, The Girl on the Train is a drama and is directed by Paula Hawkins
You're welcome, Hope you enjoy!
I know it was written by Kurt Wimmer and is a speculative fiction.
I added to your library now.
Yes, it is. Its a mystery book.
You're welcome
Sure! Vladimir Naokov wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror. Do those sound interesting?
Pinn is known for writing The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Stories
Yes, he also wrote that one
Its genre is fiction
your welcome
Memoirs of a Geisha was written by Robin Swicord and Arthur Golden. It is a speculative fiction.
They have written a bunch of short stories
He also wrote Memoirs of a Geisha
Your welcome
He starred in Ocean's Eleven. Have you seen that movie?
Yes, he also wrote Ocean's Eleven.
No, I'm not familiar with Anna Paquin, but I think he's a talented actress.
That's right, he's famous! I really liked her in Friends with Benefits.
It was written by Dr. Dre
There is a Wocket in My Pocket written by Dan Brown. Would you like to know more about this one?
Yes, that's correct. Would you like to know more about the book?
I can tell you that Kung Fu Panda is starring Ethan Hawke and Ethan Hawke.
He's been in White Oleander and The Men Who Stare At Go.
Yes, she was in that movie. She's a great actress.
You're welcome
Yes, E.B. White wrote The Elements of Style and Stuart Little
Safe Haven was written by Nicholas Sparks who also wrote The Break-Up.
Liam Neeson and Cameron Diaz starred in Cheaper by the Dozen. Do you like dramas?
It was released in 2005 and is a musical comedy.
Yes, Joel Cohen wrote and starred in the movie The Dozen.
You are welcome
Sure, I can help you with that. It is a sci-fi thriller. Do you like that genre?
Yes, thats correct. Michael Biehn starred in The Women of Brewster Place along with Michael Biehn.
Yes, he also starred in The Women of Brewster Place and he starred in The Women of Brewster Place.
You got it! I hope you enjoy!
Natascha McElhone is known for her roles in The Truman Show and Surviving Picasso.
The Truman Show was released in 2003.
Sure, it was written by Dan Brown and is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
It is considered a thriller
He wrote The Book Thief and The Book Thief. Have you read those?
Little Bear is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy books?
Great! You might also like the Family Saga, have you seen that one?
You're welcome!
I don't play it, but it's animated too.
David Lynch directed the science fiction film Slither. Have you seen it?
Inland Empire is a thriller.
Idiocracy starred Robert Pattinson, Rachel Weaver and Rachel McAdams.
Sorry, I don't have that information.
You got it
You're welcome
Sure, Gone with the Wind is written by Margaret Atwood and stars Thomas Mitchell. Do you like him?
Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like his movies?
I'm not sure who else stars in it, but The Sound of Music is a Romance and Drama.
Your welcome
She starred in The Stone Angel and The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie.
Yes, he's a tennis player. He was born in Spain and has won the 2008 PGA Championship.
Yes, and Venus is the greatest female player of all time. Venus has overcome a lot of problems as well.
Oh yea. I didn't know that. I know that Garfinkel is a member of the Miami Dolphins.
Go Set A Watchman is similar to To Kill a Mockingbird.
Then you might like To Kill a Mockingbird, have you heard of it?
You're welcome
I think she's a great Pink and I like her very much. I think she's very talented.
Yes, I like her music. I like Dancer, Pop, and Pink. What about you?
Wow, I didn't know that. She's married to Hayden Panettiere. She's a talented actress.
Peter Gallagher starred in The Last Samurai and The Green Mile. Have you seen those?
Yes, Sandra Bullock also starred in While You Were Sleeping.
Sure. He also starred in Zookeeper and Wonder Woman. Have you seen those?
You're welcome
Martin Gardner wrote Alice's Adventures in Wonderland and The Portable Atheist. Have you read those?
The Portable Atheist is a fantasy and fantasy book.
The Portable Atheist and Alice Adventures in Wonderland
Your welcome
I do! He's a Colombian professional footballer who plays Midfielder and Forward. Do you like soccer?
I am not familiar with James Rodriguez. I know he played on the Colombia national football team. Are you a fan of his?
I don't know much about soccer, I know he was a member of the Colombia national football team. I think he was a midfielder as well.
She is a pretty good tennis player. I think her sister Serena is very talented.
Yes, you are correct. Brett Ratner is also an actor. He starred in Hair Show.
I agree, she's a great actress!
The Glass Castle was written by Jeannette Wells who also wrote Half Broke Horses: A True Life Novel.
It was written by Greg Mortenson. He also wrote Three Cups of Tea.
No, I haven't read any of his books. Are you a fan of the Fantasy genre?
Yes. Lovely Bones is a fiction novel
Sure. Zoe's Tale, Xenocide, Xenocide
Yes, Jack London wrote a Jack London writer
You are welcome
I think she is a good tennis player. Did you know she is from Mumbai?
I don't really follow tennis, but I do know that she is from Tacoma.
Well, he was a runner up in the 2012 Olympics.
Yes, he was. He was busy with the team's running backs.
Thor: The Dark World was written by Christopher Nolan who also wrote Into the Wild.
Thor: The Dark World was written by Christopher Nolan. He also wrote Temptation of Gods and Where the Wild Things Are.
The Golden compass stars Chris Weitz and Chris Weitz. It's a fantasy adventure movie.
Great! I hope you like it!
I have not seen it, but I know it is starring J.K. Simmons and Melissa Benoist and J.K. Simmons. Have you seen it?
Yes Wade Williams also stars in Troy Garity
Yes, he was in Elizabethtown, have you seen it?
Breakfast of Champions was written by Kurt Vonnegut Jr who also wrote Superman Returns.
Yes, that's a great one. Anything else I can help you with?
Do you like it because it's a fantasy?
I am not sure, but I can tell you he wrote Mark Waters: The Amazing Spider-Man
Yes, John Sayles did. He also wrote and starred in The Darkest Whispers and The Darkest Whispers.
It's a drama.
Phil Mickelson is a great golfer. Did you know he won the 2010 Masters Tournament?
Phil Mickelson was the winner of the 2005 Masters Tournament.
Its a great comedy-drama. Do you like comedies?
Truman Capote wrote "The Breakfast Club" and "The Breakfast Club." Have you read those?
Yes he did. He also starred in The Wedding Date. Have you seen that movie?
I really like his movies in the drama/fantasy genre. Have you seen any of those?
Kenneth H. Blanchard wrote Unlimited Power : The New Science Of Personal Achievement.
It is a self-help book. Kenneth H. Blanchard wrote it.
That one is a self help book. I think it's similar to The One Minute Manager.
Sam Taylor-Johnson starred in Nowhere Boy and Fifty Shades of Grey.
Yes, he also starred in Fifty Shades of Grey. It's a drama.
Nowhere Boy is a Thriller. Do you like Thrillers?
Sure, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas is a fantasy. Do you like this genre?
Yes he did. He also wrote Monsters vs. Aliens.
It's considered a political Thriller, as well as a thriller.
Yes, she wrote The Last Runaway and The Lady and the Unicorn. Have you read those?
The Last Runaway has genre Young-adult fiction and Fantasy. Do you like those genres?
I am not sure if it is good, would you like me to send it to you?
You're welcome
Yes, he wrote The Mist and The Green Mile. Are you a fan of Stephen King books?
It is a good read. Do you like Chris Owen and Cherami Leigh? He wrote and starred in this film.
She's all that is a great movie! Do you like Action movies?
Great, do you have any suggestions of other films by Woody Allen?
Yes, Dan Gilroy wrote Angels & Demons which is a romantic comedy. Have you read it?
Robert Galifianakis
Romance Genre
The Devil Wears Prada
have you watch Action movies
Welcome
Where the Sidewalk Ends was written by Sylvia Plath. Do you like her work?
Shel Silverstein also wrote A Light in the Attic
The Giving Tree is written by Shel Silverstein, who also wrote Nights in Rodanthe
You're welcome
I know he's a singer, songwriter, and songwriter. Do you like country?
No, I don't. What type of music do you like?
Yes, I agree!
Laura Hillenbrand wrote Seabiscuit. Have you read it?
Seabiscuit: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Seabiscuit.
You're welcome
Sure, Oliver Stone wrote The Doors.
The Doors stars Sean Connery, Michael Byrne, and Michael Phelps.
Yes, The Doors is a musical, and Michael Madsen plays the lead role.
You're welcome!
Patrick Rothfuss wrote The Wise Man's Fear and The Name of the Wind. Have you read those?
You should check out The Name of the Wind if you like that.
You're welcome
Do you like it because it's speculative fiction?
Well, if you like Young-adult fiction, you might like Wildwood Dancing or Wildwood Dancing. Have you read those?
Yes, he plays for the Manchester United F.C. National Football team. Do you like soccer?
Yes he also plays soccer
Thiago Silva is an athlete like Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal
I'm not a fan of the Minnesota Vikings, but I like their coach Mike Zimmer. Do you like them?
Not really a fan of football, but I like the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
Yes, the Patriots were the Superbowl XIX Champions.
Sure! Do you like pitch perfect because it is a thriller?
Anna Kendrick also starred in White Oleander as well as Walk the Line.
You might like The Women of Brewster Place, or The Notebook?
Yes, I can! She also stars in "Wishin' and "Wishin' and Hopin': A Christmas Story" and "Wishin'.
I'm sure you would enjoy The Hunger Games, or Walk the Line.
You're welcome
Yes, he's a great actor. He starred in We Bought a Zoo and The Ghost Road. Have you seen those?
He plays cricket and plays for the India national cricket team. Are you a fan of cricket?
Not really, I am more of a fan of baseball. What sport do you like?
Yes, he is a cricket player and he also plays for the London 2012 Summer Olympics. Do you like cricket?
Sure! He wrote Uglies and Touching Darkness. Have you read those?
It is a Young-adult fiction that was released in 1987
Yes, I think you'd enjoy the Yearling also
You're welcome
I think he is a great football player, but I don't really follow soccer. I know he plays for the Spain National Football team.
I do not know, but I do know that Spain plays for the Spain national football team as well.
Yes, he did. He also coached Manchester United F.C. I think he's a good coach
Yes he did. He also coached the Netherlands national football team. I think I have heard of that.
Joseph Heller wrote The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe. Have you read that one?
Sure, he also wrote a war novel called The Sun Also Rises. Have you read that one?
Yes, Fifty Shades Freed was written by E.L. James and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, I think you'd enjoy The Gathering Storm.
Bared to You is written by E.L. James
Yes, she also wrote Paper Towns
You are welcome
Yes, he is the author of The Castle and Amerika. Do you like fiction books?
It's considered a speculative fiction and science fiction.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
That book was written by Laura Hillenbrand and is a fantasy. Do you like this book?
Laura Hillenbrand also wrote Seabiscuit: A World War II Story of Survival. I think you would enjoy that one as well.
You're welcome!
Yes, James Robinson is a great actor. He starred in No Country for Old Men. Have you seen it?
It was written by John Grisham and is a speculative fiction
Yes he did and he also wrote Braveheart: The Mechanic
Yes he also wrote A Clockwork Orange starring David O'Brien
Great. Hope you enjoy
Martin Gardener wrote The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-believer, The Portable Atheist, and The Portable Atheist. Have you read any of those?
The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Non-Believer was released in 2008.
It was released in 2007 and is a non-fiction book.
You're welcome
The Washington Redskins sucks. did you know their coach is John Fox?
Yes, he did. Did you know that he also coached the Oakland Raiders?
Yes, he is. He's still playing for the Oakland Raiders. Do you like him?
Sure. Do you like books written by Stephen King?
Yes, it is a sci-fi novel. Have you read it?
I do not have that information right now.
Tropic Thunder was directed by Ben Stiller who also directed Tropic Thunder. He also directed Tropic Thunder.
Ben Stiller also wrote and starred in The Cable Guy.
Sorry, I don't have that information right now.
Yes, Diana Gabaldon wrote My Own Private Idaho, which is a fiction. Do you like fiction?
I'm not sure about Voyager, but I believe it was released in 1950.
Zero to One is considered a Thriller.
Your welcome
He directed The Long Kiss Goodnight and The Long Kiss Goodnight.
It starred Vivica A Fox and David Carradine
Sorry, I don't have that information
Your Welcome
I'm not sure, but I do know they are owned by Virginia Halas McCaskey
I think they did better than the Patriots in Super Bowl XLI
Yes, the Patriots have won quite a few Super Bowls like the Patriots in the AFC North so I am not sure about any other teams.
Sure! Doug Liman directed The Bourne Identity. Have you seen it?
Yes, it's a great film. Did you know Jez Butterworth also starred in The Curious Case of Benjamin Button? He also directed that film.
I'm not sure who did the music for Fair Game, but John-Henry also produced and starred in it.
I don't know who starred in Fair Game, but I do know that John Powell was also a director. He directed and produced it.
Yes, he's a wonderful writer. He's a wonderful writer. He's a wonderful writer.
Yes, he's a basketball player. He's a point guard for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association.
Yes, he was married to Gabrielle Union a few years ago. She starred in What's up up tiger lily.
Yes, he also wrote Think Like a Man.
Yes, it was a great movie, do you like it because of the story line?
It also has a great cast including Sam Rockwell, Sam Rockwell and Ralph Fiennes
Aeon Flux is a good sci-fi movie. Have you seen it?
Great. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, Noam Murro directed 300: Rise of an Empire. Have you seen it?
300: Rise of an Empire stars Sullivan Stapleton, Peter Mensah, and Peter Mensah.
Yes, it was released in 2013.
You might like The Looking Glass Wars, written by Frank Beddor
Yes, she is the voice actor in that movie.
Eva Green was born in Rochester, New York City, New York City, New York City.
You're welcome!
Yes, I am a fan of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. What's your favorite team?
Yes, he was one of the best basketball players of all time! Magic Johnson was born in Los Angeles, Illinois.
That's amazing! I loved watching the Dodgers lose to the Dodgers in the Super Bowl!
Yes, Mervyn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and was influenced by Jonathan Kellerman.
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde starred in Mr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
Yes, the version version was released in 2008. Would you like me to add it to your list?
I don't think so, but I can find something else by Robert Louis Stevenson if you interested.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, Their Eyes Were Watching God is a fiction book. Do you like fiction?
The Sword of Shannara starred Keira Knightley and William H. Macy.
I don't have any information on other movies by her. Anything else I can help you with?
I don't know much about Paul Pogba-do, he is a French professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Denver Broncos National Football team.
Yes, he plays for Manchester United in the Premier League right? I don't really follow soccer.
Yes, I would. We are a fan of the Alabama natives, and we are a Packers fan.
Oh yea, I agree. Our Crimson Tide down here is very good.
Patrick Suskind is an American novelist, critic, public speaker, essayist, and columnist. He also wrote Sense and Sensibility. Have you heard of it?
Do you like books by John Steinbeck, or do you like John Steinbeck?
Tropic of Cancer has genre Young-adult fiction and Historical fiction. Do you like those genres?
Great. what else can i answer for you today?
Anne Tyler also wrote the Wintergirls, which is a great read.
Anne Tyler was the author of the book. Anne Tyler also wrote the Night Watch. I think you will enjoy it.
You are welcome have a great day!
Did you like the movie because it was written by Martin McDonagh?
Yes, he starred in Seven Psychopaths. Seven Psychopaths is written by Martin McDonagh.
Helena Mattsson also starred in a few Psychopaths. She is a great actor.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, he starred in O Brother, Where Art Thou. It's a comedy. Do you like comedy?
I don't have any information on other movies she was in, but Holly Hunter starred in Thirteen
She also starred in the movie Thirteen. Have you seen it?
Your welcome.
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks was written by Rebecca Wells and a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It was written by Oren Moverman.
It's an action film.
I am not sure if he has written anything else
Are you looking for other books written by Henning Koch or other books by that author?
It was also released in 2012 and the genre is Thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Sure! Do you like the movie because it's a thriller?
Okay, then you should check out To Kill a Mockingbird, To Kill a Mockingbird, To Kill a Mockingbird, to name a few.
Yes, the Golden compass is written by Philip Pullman and is a fantasy. Do you like this genre?
Interstellar has a great cast, including Chris Pratchett, Chris Hemsworth and Christopher Walken to name a few.
You are welcome
Yes, it was written by Suzanne Collins and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
He directed The Golden Compass. Have you seen it?
I don't have any information on that movie, but Chris Weitz starred in it as well.
She also starred in the movie The Golden Compass
You're welcome
I don't know much about him. I know he's a tennis player but I think he lost to Roger Federer.
I have never been a fan of tennis, but I have heard of the match a few times before.
Oh ok. Who is your favorite tennis player?
Sure! Melina Karakosta wrote Le Petit Prince.
Melina Karakosta did. Le Petit Prince was co-written by Richard Howard.
Yes, Antoine de Saint-Exupéry is a French novelist who also wrote Le Petit Prince.
Sure. Do you like X-Men: The Last Stand because it is a superhero movie?
The Last Stand has a genre of Thriller, have you seen this one?
Logan is based on a superhero film, starring Ryan Reynolds who also starred in The Dark Knight Rises
Certainly!
Yes, he is a great actor. He starred in The Incredibles. Have you seen it?
Yes, Rian Johnson starred in a lot of action movies. Do you like action movies?
I like dramas, do you like any of those genres?
You are welcome, I hope you enjoy them.
Sure. Peter Bart starred in The Godfather
Godfather was written by Francis Ford Coppola
The Godfather was released in 2001
Sure, it was written by Frank Darabont and a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Stephen King also wrote The Shawshank Redemption, have you read that?
There is a film adaptation of The Dead Zone. The Dead Zone is directed by Stephen King
You're welcome
You're welcome
Sure! She wrote a book called The Orphan Train which was released in 2013. Are you a fan of her work?
She also wrote A Piece of the World. Have you read it?
Yes, The Way Life Should Be, Sweet Water and Bird in Hand
I Am Legend starred Will Smith and Emma Thompson. Do you like I Am Legend?
He also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness. Have you seen that one?
He also starred in The Pursuit of Happyness which is also a Sci-Fi Action movie.
Hot Fuzz is a black comedy starring Jim Carrey. Are you familiar with his work?
Hot Fuzz is an action and adventure film. Do you like adventure films?
Yes it is, you should check it out.
Yes, he is a lyricist. Do you like him?
I like him a lot, do you know he was married to Cameron Diaz
I haven't had his music, but I have heard a lot of his music in a while
To Kill a Mockingbird was written in 1960.
Yes, The Incredible Journey was written by Harper Lee
Sure! Les Miserables is a great movie starring Anne Hathaway and Anne Hathaway. Would you like to know more about it
You might like Your Highness, it's a musical-theater movie.
I'm sorry, I don't have any information on those films.
Yes, I do. It starred Jim Carrey and Robert De Niro. It is a speculative fiction. Do you like those genres?
It was directed by Roland Emmerich
Meryl Streep is a talented actress
It also has genre Young-adult fiction
I'm not a fan of the Denver Broncos. I think they're a good team. Do you like them?
It seems like they have a good chance. They have a good season this year. They have a lot of good players like LeBron
Cold Mountain is starring Tom Hanks. Do you like Action/Adventure movies?
I did not watch it but I do know that Renee Zellweger also starred in Shark Tale and Monsters, Inc.
Do you like the movie because it's a war film?
Yes, J.K. Simmons is an American professional basketball player who plays as a point guard for the Seattle Supersonics.
He has starred in a number of thrillers, including The Women of Brewster Place, The Bourne Identity. Have you seen any of those?
It has a great cast, including Michael Gaston, J.K. Simmons. It is a very popular film that I think you will enjoy.
Ronan Bennett, Ronan Bennett and Jim Carrey starred in Public Enemies.
He's been in The Rum Diary and The Rum Diary. Have you seen those?
He's down with Johnny Depp. He also starred in The Rum Diary which is funny.
Oh, I haven't heard of that one. Is it good?
The Fugitive has a genre of Thriller, Drama, and Adventure. Do you like those genres?
It was released in 2005.
You should check out The Chronicles of Narnia if you like that.
Have you seen The Chronicles of Narnia starring Harrison Ford?
Yes, he was in that movie as well!
You're welcome!
J.M. Barrie wrote The Sworn Sword and The Mystery Knight. Have you read those?
Yes, he also wrote Unforgivable Blackness, and The Fountainhead.
It's a fiction book. Would you like me to add it to your list?
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Karim Benzema plays for the France national football team.
I think he's on the France national football team. I think he's from France, right?
You're welcome!
Yes, Fast Five is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
The Chronicles of Riddick, The Chronicles of Riddick, and Fast Five. Have you seen any of those?
I hope you like it. Have a great day!
Yes, Joh Favreau wrote The Book Thief and The Book Thief. Have you read those?
Yes Jonathan Silverman also starred in a Reality TV show called Fatherland.
He also starred in a TV series called Good Will Hunting. Have you seen that one?
Yes, he did star in These Old Broads
Yes he did and he also starred in The Bounty Hunter which is a drama
The Gazebo has genre Thriller and drama. Do you like those genres?
Sure, Seth MacFarlane wrote and directed and starred in Tootsie. Have you seen it?
Sure, Family Guy is a Comedy/drama movie starring Jim Carrey
Yes, He also wrote and directed and starred in Family Guy
Skyfall stars Seth Rogen and David O'Brien.
Yes, Rory Kinnear starred in The First Man on the Moon, The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that it was produced by William Shakespeare.
It is a Romance and Drama film.
I'm not showing Adventure, but I think it's a drama.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a great book written by Charlaine Harris and is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
She also has a recurring writer on the TV series, Good Will Hunting, and the TV series, Good Will Hunting.
Yes, he also wrote Dead to the World and Time Bandits.
No problem.
Yes, David O. Russell is a director. He directed The Scorpion King. Are you a fan of adventure films?
It is a drama. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes, he was in that movie.
You're welcome!
I love that book. Did you know that John Green wrote that one?
I am not sure, but I know he wrote The Fault in Our Stars which is a thriller.
That one came out in 2008 and is a thriller.
Sure! Max Brooks is an American writer, director, and a director. He is a director. Do you like his movies?
It was released in 2004. Do you like that kind of book?
Sure thing! I hope you enjoy!
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure! Ryan Reynolds starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Revenge of the Fallen, and Transformers. Have you seen any of those?
Great, I think you will like it if you like it.
I hope you like them.
Rufus Beck wrote Harry Potter and the priusoner of Azkaban.
The Fellowship of the Ring is part of the Lord of the Rings series.
You might enjoy The Good Doctor or The Good Doctor. Those are both fantasy movies.
Yes, he did. He also wrote Bridge to Terabithia.
Do you like Mission Impossible because it is a Action/Adventure movie?
Tom Cruise starred in Days of Thunder. Have you seen that one?
You're welcome
You're welcome
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he's married to Cameron Diaz. Do you like him?
Yes he did and he also wrote Justin Timberlake
I do like dramas. Did you know Jesse Eisenberg also starred in The Social Network
I sure do! It was written by Ian Fleming and stars Robert De Niro and Robert De Niro. It's a spy film.
If you like thrillers, I think you will enjoy Your Highness. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Robert Redford starred in True Lies. Robert Redford is also a Spy Film.
Yes, he plays for the Mexico national football team Manchester United F.C.
No, I don't really follow soccer, I don't really follow soccer, I don't really follow soccer, I don't really follow soccer.
You are welcome
O Alquimista was written by Paulo Coelho and released in 1988. He also wrote The Alchemist.
Paulo Cohelo wrote O Alquimista which was released in 1988
Yes, he did. He also wrote The Tragedy of Puddn'head Wilson.
Jeffrey DeMunn starred in movies like The Truman Show and The Shawshank Redemption. Have you seen either of those?
Yes, she did. She also starred in The Mists of Avalon which is a drama.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Yes, he plays on the Germany national football team.
The Kansas City Chiefs are a National Football League coached by Ken Whisenhunt.
I like football and baseball. What about you?
Yes, the Redskins are a great team. I like the Dallas Cowboys though. How about you?
The invention of wings is a book written by Kurt Wimmer, do you like his books?
Yes, Tom Cruise starred in The Last Samurai along with Tom Cruise. Have you seen it
Yuki Matsuzak also starred in The Pink Panther 2 and the other two. Do you like action movies?
He was also in The Shining. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Andy Garcia also starred in The World's End, The Women of Brewster Place and many others.
You're welcome
The Dallas Cowboys are a good team. Did you know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt?
I have, but I haven't seen Ned Beatty in the X-Men and X-Men 2 and X-Men 2.
I have not seen Jerry Maguire, is that a great movie?
I'm a big fan of Young-adult fiction. I think I'd also like it.
Sure, he directed The Kingdom. Have you seen that one?
It is a Romance film. Do you like Romance films?
You're welcome!
It was written by R.J. Palacio and released in 2012. Are you familiar with this author?
Yes, The Julian chapter also has written written by R.J. Palacio. Are you familiar with this author?
Yes, he did. He also wrote Notes on A Scandal.
I am not sure, but I can tell you it was also released in 2014
Your welcome
Bill Murray is a great Comedy genius! He also starred in Zombieland. Have you seen that one?
Sorry, I am not sure, but it is a good movie starring Vivica A Fox and David Carradine
Yes, she is a famous author. She wrote The Scarlet Letter
She wrote The Scarlet Letter, which is a historical novel. She also wrote The Shadows Rising.
It is a Romance novel.
Sorry I don't have that information.
Sure! Have you read Wicked Lovely or When the Wind Blows?
Persuasion is written by J.D. Jones and released in 1817.
Persuasion, Persuasion, and Pride and Prejudice are good books by Jane Austen.
If you like romance, you might also like Persuasion, or Persuasion.
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
Sure, he starred in The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus which is a Thriller.
Tower Heist is a comedy starring Charlize Theron.
Tower Heist also has a genre of Drama and Comedy.
You might like Snow Angels and All the Real Girls.
She wrote оскресение and оскресение.
Yes, Russian is in English and is written in Russian.
You're welcome!
Yes, it is a fantasy movie starring Orlando Bloom and Billy Boyd. Do you like fantasy movies?
He also starred in Troy, have you seen The Good Doctor?
The Memory Keeper's daughter! It was written by Kim Edwards and was released in 2005. Do you like the author?
The Secrets of a Fire King is another one he wrote. Have you read it?
That is a good one!
Snow Crash is a speculative fiction novel written by Neal Stephenson. Do you like that genre?
Sure! He starred in What's Your Number? and The Perfect Score. Have you seen those?
Sean Connery and Anne Hathaway also starred in What's Your Number.
I don't have that information, but I know Tika Sumpter was in a Romantic Comedy film starring Tom Hanks.
Your welcome
Yes, The Great Gatsby is a novel written by F. Scott Fitzgerald. Do you like his work?
Yes, Ernest Hemingway wrote that book. He also wrote A Time to Kill and Other Stories.
You're welcome
You're welcome
Sure! He is a Swiss professional tennis player. He was born in Switzerland and plays professional tennis. Do you like tennis?
Yes, he was a Swiss tennis player. He was also a former world No. 1 in singles.
Yes he has played in the 2012 Olympics. He was also in the 2012 Olympics.
Running with Scissors was written by Kurt Wimmer and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like these genres?
A Wolf at the Table has a genre of Fantasy and Adventure.
Yes, it's a sequel to A Wolf at the Table.
You're welcome
Guns, Germs, and Steel: The fates of Human societies are similar.
Sorry, I don't have that information.
Terry Pratchet wrote it. It was released in 1997.
Wes Craven wrote My Soul to Take and the Scream series. Have you read those?
He also wrote My Soul to Take, have you seen that one?
Yes he did, he also starred in My Soul to Take. He also starred in Unbreakable.
You're welcome
Of course! Anne Rice wrote Vittorio the Vampire and Violin. Are you interested in either of those?
Yes, she did write Frankenstein. It was released in 1818.
Yes, she did write Frankenstein. It was released in 1999.
Sure! Do you like speculative fiction or fantasy?
The Graveyard Book is a fantasy and children's literature by Neil Gaiman, who also wrote Stardust, and Shadow Kiss.
You're welcome!
Lois Lowry wrote the book When the Wind Blows. It is a speculative fiction book. Do you like that genre?
It's a speculative fiction.
The Giver was released in 1946.
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio. Do you like his work?
Yes, he directed The Amazing Spider-Man. Have you seen that?
Yes, Moon starred Scarlett Johansson, Jennifer Jason Leigh and Liam Aiken.
It's a Warcraft drama.
The Minnesota Vikings are a professional American football franchise based in Chicago, Illinois
I think the Seattle Seahawks will be a runner-up in the Super Bowl this year
I am not sure who is the current quarterback for the Seahawks. who is your fav player?
I have watched the Seattle Seahawks game live in person before.
Sure! Do you like Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade because it's a fantasy?
Kevin Corrigan
He also directed A Bug's Life, which is another interesting one
Yes, it is a great movie starring Matt Damon and Matt Damon. Do you like action movies?
Yes he did. He also starred in The Rum Diary. Have you seen it?
I haven't seen it but it's good. Did you know he also starred in Ghost Protocol?
Do you like the author J.R.R. Tolkien? He also wrote the Lord of the Rings series.
Yes, J.R.R. Tolkien also wrote Unfinished Tales of Nmenor and Middle-Earth
Snow White and the Huntsman is a fantasy and adventure film. Do you like those genres?
I am not sure who starred in it, but Snow White and the Huntsman was directed by John Lee Hancock.
He was in The People Speak, The People Speak, and The People Speak. Have you seen any of those?
You're welcome.
The Lightning Thief is a young-adult fiction book written by Rick Riordan. Do you like young-adult fiction?
No, I haven't read Percy Jackson, but I have read The Lightning Thief and The Son of Sobek.
Percy Jackson: The Lightning Thief is a fantasy and adventure book. The Lightning Thief is part of a series.
I hope you enjoy it!
She starred in Harsh Times, have you seen that one?
Sure, she wrote Pretty Little Liars, which is a thriller.
I am not sure who starred in that movie, but Sara Dessen starred in the movie.
Inception is starring Michael Gaston. Michael Gaston starred in The Prestige.
Yes, Christopher Nolan also wrote The Prestige.
Sure, For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway. Do you like Hemingway?
He wrote To Have and Have Not, The Sun Also Rises, The Sun Also Rises and The Garden of Eden just to name a few.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Sure, Stefan Kapicic starred in Deadpool, have you seen it?
Deadpool has starred Stefan Kapicic and Stefan Kapicic
Deadpool has genre Comedy
I love Lebron James! He is a great Athlete. What do you think about him?
Yeah, I think so. I think he's a good businessman.
Yes, he did. He was born in Honolulu. He lives in Los Angeles, California.
The Fault in Our Stars was written by John Green who also wrote Paper Towns.
Yes, The Fault in Our Stars was written by John Green and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like this author?
Have you read the Lord of the Rings by John Green?
Yes, it was written by Margaret Stohl and is a Young-adult fiction.
You're welcome
Sure! He starred in You've Been Warned, and Whatever Works. Have you seen those?
Sure, Whatever It Takes is a Romantic Comedy starring Al Pacino, who also starred in Zombieland
It was released in 2005 and is a Romantic Comedy.
You're welcome
Yes, she is a great actress. Have you seen the movie The Joy Luck Club?
The Hundred Secrets is considered a fiction. She also wrote Faithful Place and Broken Harbor.
Yes, it is. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he starred in The Apostle. Have you seen that movie?
I don't have that information, but Robert Duvall also starred in Ghostbusters.
I don't have that information, but Robert Duvall also starred in Ghostbusters.
It's a Romance film. Do you like those types of movies?
You're welcome. Have a great day.
Yes, I do. Mark Waters directed The Amazing Spider-Man, and the Amazing Spider-Man 2.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that Tod Diaries also starred in it as well.
I'm not sure, but I do know that it's a romance film.
You're welcome
Do you like books written by Jane Austen or the Romance genre?
Jane Austen has also written Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility.
Sure. She wrote White Oleander and White Oleander. Have you read those?
White Oleander was released in 1981 and is a fiction book. Paint It Black was written in English.
You are welcome.
Akira Kurosawa passed away in 1967. He directed The Seven Samurai. Have you seen that one?
He also wrote Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl
It had a big cast, including Yojimbo, Takashi Shimura, and Yojimbo as well.
Sure. Sending it over.
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone was directed by Steve Kloves
Yes, he wrote Les Miserables
Yes, 1862 was the year that released You Are Not So Smart.
Yes, he did. Muc is a Fantasy. Do you like Fantasy?
Oh yea that is a good one! I know he also wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream which is a Shakespeare classic
Sure, Once Upon a Time in the West was written by Sergio Leon. Do you like his work?
Shane is a great writer
You are welcome
Jodi Picoult wrote Where There's Smoke and Vanishing Acts
Jodi Picoult wrote a fantasy book called The Cuckoo's Calling.
You're welcome
Yes, Charles Dickens is a great author. He wrote Oliver Twist and The Old Curiosity Shop. Have you read those?
Charles Dickens wrote Oliver Twist, Oliver Twist, and Oliver Twist. Do you like any of those genres?
Yes, he did. A Tale of Two Cities was released in 1851. It's a great book!
That's right! Would you like me to add those to your reading list?
Great! Enjoy!
He is a basketball player who plays point guard for the Seattle Supersonics.
Yes, I like to watch basketball
I really like to watch football
No, I haven't. I've been a fan since they've won a championship twice in a while.
I have not seen it, but I know it was written by William Nicholls and stars Jim Carrey.
He also directed Pan's Labyrinth. Have you seen that one?
No, Hellboy is more of a sci-fi/adventure film, but if you haven't seen Pan's Labyrinth.
Atlas Shrugged is a science fiction book written by Ayn Rand. Do you like science fiction books?
Yes, he did, and he also wrote Ayn Rand.
It was released in 1957, the same year Ayn Rand wrote Ayn Rand wrote Ayn Rand
It was written by Gayle Forman who also wrote The Long Kiss Goodnight and The Long Kiss Goodnight
Have you read Wildwood Dancing, Wildwood Dancing, Wildwood Dancing or Wildwood Dancing?
You're Welcome!
You're welcome!
Mark Osbourne starred in the Action/Comedy/Crimi Fiction Film
Yes, Seth Rogan also starred in Kung Fu Panda 2 and it's a very funny movie!
Sure! He also starred in The Little Prince, A Bug's Life, and Monsters vs. Aliens to name a few.
Great! I think you'll enjoy them!
Sure, do you like the author James Patterson? He wrote 1st to Die and it was released in 2001.
Sure, she wrote The Great Gilly Hopkins and The Great Gilly Hopkins. Have you read those?
Yes, It is a fiction book by Margaret Atwood. Do you like fiction books?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy!
I think they are a pretty good basketball team. What do you think of them?
I'm not sure, but I do know that they're in New York City and in the NBA.
Yes, I do like basketball. It's a great movie.
I like football. What's your favorite team?
Yes, he is an Indian international cricketer. Do you like cricket?
Yes. He is a quarterback and a quarterback.
Yes. He was in Bridget Moynahan. He is a great actor.
Sure, John Boyne wrote The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas. Have you read it?
It's a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It was released in 2005.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Yes, it was directed by Tony Goldwyn and starred Keanu Reeves and Jeffrey Jones.
Yes, he did. He also starred in a movie called Valentines Day. Have you seen it?
It was released in 1996
You are welcome
Divergent is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
The Hunger Games is a Young adult film, and also falls into the Dystopia genre.
Sure! Elle s'appelait Sarah is written by Tatiana de Rosney and released in 2007.
Yes, she did. Boomerang was released in 2014.
Not that I am aware of but did you know it was released in 2015?
You're welcome
She wrote the Childrens novel Black Beauty
Anna Sewell was born in London, the same year that Mean Girls was released.
You're welcome
I have not heard of them, what type of music do they listen to?
Yes, he starred in the movie The Voice. Have you seen that one?
Yes, it is a great TV show.
Orphan Train is written by Christina Baker Kline and was released in 2013.
No, Orphan Train is historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
She also wrote Bird in Hand, and A Piece of the World.
You're welcome!
Do you like L.A. Confidential because it's a thriller?
Okay, he's a great actor. He's a great actor. He's a great actor. He's a great actor.
I'm not sure, but I think it's a drama.
You're welcome
Yes, J.J. Cohen starred in Back to the Future and Back to the Future.
Yes, Back to the Future with Lea Thompson was considered a Sci-Fi comedy. It also stars Ralph Fiennes and Chris Rock.
Yes, CCH Pounder who wrote Sense and Sensibility?
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Lorax.
Did you know he also starred in Wolves of the Calla, that's a mystery mystery as well?
Yes, Zombieland and Zodiac are both Mystery films
You're welcome!
I like Russel Wilson. He's a great golfer. Do you like golf?
Yes he does. He also plays for the Seattle Seahawks.
I like the Dallas Cowboys better. How about you?
Sure. Hayao Miyazaki directed The Hobbit: The Lord of the Rings and The Fountainhead. Have you seen those?
It stars a lot of famous actors. It's considered a Family adventure, comedy, and drama.
Sure Princess Mononoke was released in 2005 and is a Romance/Fantasy film. It's a great family adventure film.
You're welcome. Enjoy!
Did you like it because it's a Romance film?
That's great! I think I have heard of that book. It's based on a true story, and I think it's based on mystery.
I think I'll add those to your list.
It's a psychological thriller, I think you'd enjoy it! I think you'll enjoy it!
I'm sure you'll enjoy it!
Yes, he is a very talented athlete. He plays for the New Orleans Pelicans as a quarterback.
Yeah, he played for the Saints in the 2009 NFL season. That was a great year for the Saints!
It looks like they have a good season this year
Sure! Bruce Willis starred in Hudson Hawk. Have you seen it?
Me too! Have you seen Hudson Hawk? He also wrote it.
Robert De Niro is also in that movie. He was also in Ghostbusters II which is a fantasy.
Yes, Elisabeth Shue is a Thriller, Drama, and Crime Fiction. Is that something you enjoy?
Done! I hope you enjoy!
You're welcome
That is a great movie starring Clint Eastwood. Do you like Clint Eastwood movies?
Warm Bodies had Cory Hardrict starring in it as well as Cory Hardrict.
I am not sure who starred in this movie. Is there anything else I can help you with?
You're welcome
Yes, Brandon Sanderson wrote Radiance and Warbreaker. Have you read those?
It's a Warbreaker. Do you like Warbreakers?
It was released in 2005
Your welcome
Do you like the Fantasy/Comedy?
Yes, one of my favorite Disney movies is The Amazing Spider-Man. Have you seen that one?
Yes Molly Shannon starred in that movie. She also starred in The Day After Tomorrow and The Day After Tomorrow.
The next book in the series is Speaker for the Dead. Have you read that one?
He wrote The Gate Thief, The Gate Thief and The Gate Thief. Have you read those?
He also wrote the Shadows Rising. Have you read that one?
Great. Enjoy!
He directed The Scorpion King starring David O. Russell. Have you seen it?
He did star in the movie
You are welcome
Anthony Daniels starred in The Making of star wars
He was in Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back, The Scorpion King, and the Scorpion King. Do those sound interesting?
You're welcome! Have a great day!
You're welcome!
Did you like Forrest Gump because it was written by Winston Groom?
No, I don't know any
You are welcome
I like Christmas Carol, it was written by Charles Dickens. Do you like his work?
Mickey's Christmas Carol is a good ghost story. Do you like ghost stories?
Yes, Gothic fiction is my favorite genre.
Yes, I think they both have written in English.
You're welcome
I don't know much about Philadelphia Eagles, but I do know that they are owned by Jeffrey Lurie.
Did you know that John Madden was drafted to the Seattle Seahawks?
I did not know that. He was drafted by the Seattle Seahawks and is owned by Jeffrey Lurie.
I did not know that. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Watership Down is a fantasy book. Do you like fantasy?
Yes, that is speculative fiction as well as fantasy. Do you like those genres?
Yes, it is speculative fiction as well as fantasy.
I don't know much about them, but I know they are coached by Ken Whisenhunt and owned by Bud Adams.
The Titans were the runner up in Super Bowl XXXVIII.
I think it would be a good year for the Titans. Their coach Ken Whisenhunt seems to have a lot of a rough time with the Titans.
Sure, he wrote the movie Troy, which is a drama. Do you like that genre?
If you like historical fiction, I think you might like The Return of the Native by Thomas Hardy.
It is a good film. United 93 stars Will Ferrell and Anthony Hopkins.
Sure. Is there anything else I can help with?
Yes, Star Wars: Episode VI - Return of the Jedi stars Scarlett Johansson and Chris Hemsworth. Do you like Sci-Fi movies?
The three of my favorites are The Cuckoo's Calling and Return of the Jedi.
Aeon Flux stars Charlize Theron and Jason Tolkien. It's a great movie!
I'm sure you'll like it!
Yes, 50/50 is a Comedy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, he was in that TV show as well. Do you like his work?
Rosanna Arquette and Sam Shepard also starred in this film.
Sure, A Walk to Remember is a book by Nicholas Sparks. Do you like his books?
The author is Nicholas Sparks.
No, it's written for teens. It's a speculative fiction.
I think he's a great quarterback and he's married to Gisele.
Well, if you like Wildcats, I think I'd say they are both excellent.
Yes, that is a great movie. Did you know that Vince Vaughn also starred in What's Up, Doc?
Aliens is a sci-fi movie. Do you like sci-fi?
Volcano was directed by Roland Emmerich and is a sci-fi. Do you like those type of movies?
I don't know a Tommy Lee Jones, but he starred in a lot of action movies, like Space Jam, The Hunted, and so many more. Have you seen any of those?
Yes he was in Dante's Peak too.
Your welcome.
I would. It was written by Dan Brown and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
William Scott starred in The Sandman: End of the Affair that's really good
Great, I would recommend The Go-Getter, which is a thriller.
Sure! Leonard Nimoy starred in The Christmas Blessing and The Halloween Tree. Have you seen either of those?
Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home is a Sci-Fi movie. Would you like to know more about Walter Koeing?
The Voyage Home starred Walter Koeing as well. The Voyage Home has genre Science Fiction. Do you like that genre?
You're welcome
OK, Have a good day!
Inside Man is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
I haven't seen that one, but if you like thriller you should check out To Kill a Mockingbird and To Kill a Mockingbird. Both are great thrillers.
You are welcome.
Yes, Cesc Fabregas is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Premier League club Chelsea and the Spain national team.
I don't know much about American Football, but I do know that he's a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a forward.
I don't know much about Rafael Nadal, but I know he's from Honolulu. He's also a tennis player.
I think they are a pretty good team. I like their coach Jason Kidd. Do you like him?
Yes, he was a point guard as well. Do you like the team?
Yes he did and the Bucks won the 2010 NBA Finals
Yes, it is a great thriller starring Jonathan Nolan. Do you like his movies?
Yes, Christopher Nolan and Christopher Nolan starred in The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
Yes, I have seen Wild at Heart and I wonder if it's a good movie
Yes, he is a DJ, he also a DJ, record producer and a songwriter
Rita Ora is a Californian singer, songwriter, and screenwriter. She was born in Los Angeles, California. Have you heard of her?
You are welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
Yes, Adam Brown starred in The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug and The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey
Then I think you will enjoy all of the Lord of the Rings films. Have you seen any of them?
Is there anything else I can help you with?
You got it
OK. Have a great day.
Yes, he is a shooting guard for the Houston Rockets and the shooting guard. Do you like basketball?
Yes. He played for the Houston Rockets and the Houston Rockets. Do you like basketball?
Yes, he is a good basketball player.
Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull is starring Shia LaBeouf, George Lucas, and George Lucas
He also starred in Valkyrie
Yes, you might like The Incredibles
Your welcome
Crescendo has a genre of Drama and Comedy. Do you like those genres?
She also wrote Hush, Hush, and Crescendo.
Great, I think you will enjoy them.
Sure, The Maze Runner was written by James Dashner who also wrote The Scorch Trials and The Kill Order
The Scort Runner is starring Rosa Salazar and Lili Taylor. Do you like young adult fiction?
You are welcome.
Sure. Jake Gyllenhaal has starred in Drama, Comedy, and Drama. Do you like those type of movies?
It is a Romance film, have you seen it?
Yes, The Day After Tomorrow is a great one, have you seen it?
Will Gluck starred in Friends with Benefits. Friends with Benefits is a popular one.
Annie stars Robert Duvall and William H. Macy.
He also starred in the movie Friends with Benefits
Sure! Do you like The Notebook because it's a Romance novel?
Yes, he was the author of Message in a Bottle was released in 2000.
I'm sorry, I don't have that information. Something else I can help with?
Sorry, I don't have that information.
Prince of Tide was written by Sarah Dessen and was released in 1843.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy!
Yes, it was written by Stephenie Meyer and it's a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it's a speculative fiction and fantasy.
You're welcome
Sure, Do you like books written by Nicholas Sparks? He also wrote Where the Wild Things Are.
He wrote The Crucible. Have you read that?
Yes he did, he also wrote the Crucible. He also wrote the Crucible, the Crucible.
He also wrote The Crucible, which is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, a great day! You may also like The Handmaid's Tale which was released in 1947.
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football franchise based in Denver Broncos, Pennsylvania. Do you like them?
Yes, they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLVIII and Super Bowl XII.
They seem to have a good season but they're not doing too well. They're looking for a new quarterback this year.
Lolita is a popular book written by Vladimir Vladimirovich Naboko and is a speculative fiction.
It is a horror novel that was released in 1886
Great, I hope you enjoy!
You're welcome
No, I haven't heard of him. What is a popular song?
Yes, Jessica Biel also starred in The Social Network.
No, I haven't seen Southland Tales. I've heard it's very funny.
Both were written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like speculative fiction?
Another book by J.K. Rowling is The Silkworm. Have you read that one?
The Silkworm is a fantasy novel that was released in 2016.
Sure! Do you like Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, or do you like adventure films?
Sure, it was written by Robert Louis Stevenson, who also wrote Nostromo: a Memoir.
Both were written by J.K. Rowling. They were released in 2016.
The Casual Vacancy, The Silkworm, and The Silkworm to name a few.
I am not sure, but it was released in 2014.
Yes, it is in English. Would you like to read it?
Bisco Hatori's writing in English, most of his books were written in English.
You're welcome
Total Recall is a sci-fi thriller. Do you like sci-fi movies?
Yes he is. He plays for France national football team and FC Bayern Munich II.
I like Basketball too. Who is your favorite team?
I have watched a TV show like Beckham. I love reality TV shows.
I'm a big American TV fan. I prefer American shows.
Yes, the Gordon Ramsey shows are great. I think he's a good actor.
Inception was written by Christopher Nolan. Christopher Nolan directed Inception.
Yes, and she is starring in that one as well.
It was released in 1999 and Anne-Marie Duff also starred in The Prestige and The Dark Knight Rises.
I hope you enjoy it!
Rob Reiner is an author. He wrote This is the End and This is the End.
He also directed the X-Men: Days of Future Past and X-Men: Days of Future Past.
He also produced the TV series The X-Men Origins: Wolverine.
Your welcome
Sure! Jamie Ford wrote a few of his famous books, including Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Have you read those?
They were both fiction. I am not sure of the release date.
You're welcome!
She has a good voice. I like her in Princess Protection Program. Have you seen it?
I'm not sure who else was in it, but Selena Gomez was also in Spring Breakers.
It is a drama. I think you'd enjoy it.
Do you like Michael Parks because it is a drama?
Yes, they did. They were the runner-up in the 1986 World Series.
Yes, I am a fan of baseball. My favorite team is the Dodgers and the Red Sox.
I believe the Boston Sox were the runner-up in the Super Bowl this year
I think he's a good golfer. Did you know he won the 2007 PGA Championship?
I don't think so. But, he won the 2007 PGA Championship, the year he retired.
That's interesting. Did you know Phil Mickelson won the 2005 PGA Championship?
The Hurt Locker stars Kathryn Bigelow and Rupert Graves.
Yes he did, he also starred in Thor as well.
Sure! It is a crime fiction film starring Evangeline Lilly and Chris Hemsworth. Do you like those?
Sure, will do.
The Arizona Cardinals play in the National Football League and the Arizona Cardinals.
yes he was born in Phoenix
Yes I do like college football
I don't know much about him, but I know he's a professional football player. Do you like him?
I didn't know that, I know that he's a soccer player but I'm more of a fan of soccer, so I'm more of a fan of the Seattle Seahawks fan. How about you?
I really like American Football. I really like the Washington Redskins Super Bowl. What about you?
Yes, it was written in 1985 by Gabriel Garcia Marquez and released in 1985.
Sorry, I do not have that information. Something else I can help you with?
Yes, it is written in English and written in English.
Along Came a Spider is written by James Patterson. Do you like his work?
It sure is! Along Came a Spider is a Thriller.
It was written by James Patterson and is in the Fiction genre.
You're welcome
Yes, Atonement is written by Ian McEwan and stars Tom Hanks. It's a great thriller.
Have you heard of Apocalypse Now? It's a great Romance film.
Have you seen Apocalypse Now? It was written by Ernest Hemingway and is considered a tragedy.
Sure, he starred in Jurassic Park III and directed Jurassic Park.
You might also like Shark Night, starring Katharine McPhee, or Zodiac, a horror film.
Sure, some of the actors in that film include Nicholas Cage, Billy Boyd, and Billy Crudup.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Sure! Do you like the author Lisa See? She wrote a series of books like Snow Flower and the Secret Fan. Have you read them?
The Lady in the Lake is a fantasy novel. Do you like fantasy?
Great, I hope you enjoy it!
I didn't know that, but I know that Saina Nehton plays for the Mumbai Indians and he is a good player.
Yes, she was. She also starred in the 2012 Olympics.
Yes, the Tragicall Historie of Hamlet Prince of Denmark is the same book as Hamlet, Prince of Denmark.
I like Romeo and Juliet, it's a classic!
Yes, she did. She also wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream which is a fantasy novel.
Sure! Do you like books written by Jane Austen or the Romance genre?
Pride and Prejudice and Zombies.
I think he's a great singer and actor. Did you know he starred in Desperado?
I think she is a good actor. Did you know she also starred in a movie called No Country for Old Men?
Yes, I like dance music. Do you like any of these types of music?
Yes, it starred Leonardo DiCaprio and Martin Scorsese. Are you familiar with those actors?
It also starred Leonardo DiCaprio. He also starred in The Aviator.
Sorry, I don't have that information. Anything else I can help you with?
Ok. Enjoy!
Sure, Spke Lee directed The Winter Soldier. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Jennifer Esposito is in both of them. She also starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton.
You're welcome, enjoy!
Yes, she wrote The Swan Thieves and The Historian. Have you read those?
The Swan Thieves is a speculative fiction novel, do you like that genre
The Swan Thieves is a Speculative fiction.
Yes, I will send it to you
Justin Rose is a golfer from London.
what sport do you like to watch?
no i dont. what sports do you like?
Football is my thing. what sports do you like?
oh ok. what sports do you like?
Aaron Rodgers is a quarterback. what sports do you like?
I don't know much about the Atlanta Falcons, but I do know they are owned by Bill Neukom.
Georgia Dome has starred in the movie The Atlanta Dome.
I agree. The Patriots have won a Super Bowl in 2017.
She wrote Un di Velt Hot Geshvign, you might like that one.
Yes, it was released in 1958 and is a speculative fiction.
That was the year that released Your Man in Havana, a thriller.
Ethan Suplee wrote The Fountains of Paradise and The Fountain. Have you read those?
Yes. Ethan Suplee starred in Vulgar. He also starred in Clerks of the Worlds. Clerks is a thriller.
Yes, he did. He also starred in The Darkest Whispers, The Butterfly Effect and The Darkest Whispers.
You're welcome.
Well, if you like the band Coldplay, you might like the song "Late Night" or "Late Night".
Yes, Gwyneth Paltrow is friends with Gwyneth Paltrow and he has a brother named Eleanor Roosevelt.
I don't have any idea. I do know that Coldplay is touring.
You're welcome.
No, I am more of a Patriots fan. Are they a Patriots team?
Yes, they did. Do you have any other questions about the Patriots?
Oh, I see. I think the Red Skins won the Super Bowl at the beginning of the year.
Wow, he certainly did! He also starred in the movie Little Women.
Terry George directed The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus which is a fantasy.
I am not certain, but Hotel Rwanda is starring William Lee Scott.
Hotel Rwanda is a drama.
Your welcome
Sure! Beatrix Potter wrote The Tale of Beedle the Bard and The Tale of Beedle the Bard. Have you read those?
Yes, it was released in 2003.
Yes, he actually has a profession. He is also a film producer.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by John Grisham and David Koepp. Are you familiar with his work?
David Benioff also wrote The Wolverine, have you seen that one?
Turbo is a science fiction action film starring Hugh Jackman.
Yes, I highly recommend it.
Yes, The Proposal has genre Thriller and Drama.
Alice in Wonderland was written by Tim Burton. Do you like his books?
He also wrote Alice in Wonderland. What else can I do for you?
Great! Anything else I can help with?
You're welcome
The Incredibles is a family drama. Do you like family movies?
Yes, The Incredibles is a family friendly movie with a lot of great family friendly movies. I think you would like The Portable Atheist or The Portable Atheist.
I don't have that information, but I can tell you that John Ratatouille also starred in the animated animated film Ratatouille.
Yes, Isaiah Thomas is a basketball player who plays point guard for the Denver Nuggets
I don't know much about Cricket, what sports do you like?
Not really. NFL isn't my favorite team but I like the Dallas Cowboys and the Dallas Cowboys.
I like basketball and baseball. What about you?
I think I've heard of the Seattle Seahawks and the San Francisco 49ers. They're a good team.
Yes, it is a good movie starring Brad Pitt and Edward Norton. Have you seen it?
I do, did you know he's a singer/songwriter?
Did you know she won the Pulitzer Prize for Song of the Year?
Oh, I agree. I think she's a good judge. I think she's from Nashville, too.
I like Heavy metal, but I prefer the ones I like too.
Sure, Hot Fuzz is a comedy starring Jim Carrey. Do you like comedy movies?
Shooter is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
Well, Shooter was written by Stephen Hunter, who also wrote To Kill a Mockingbird, which is a thriller.
Rum Diary has a big cast, including Matt Damon, Jeff Bridges, and Jada Pinkett Smith
You're welcome
I think he's a good golfer. Do you like golf?
Yes, he's a good golfer. Do you like golf?
I haven't played golf, but I do like golf more than golf. How about you?
Serenity is starring Joss Whedon, Robert Duvall and Jennifer Jason Leigh.
You're welcome!
You're welcome!
Yes, it's a good one. I think you'll enjoy it!
You're welcome!
Sure, he starred in The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo which is a romantic comedy.
Michael Gondry starred in Be Kind Rewind. He also wrote and starred in Be Kind Remind.
Yes, Maroon 5 is a group of friends. Do you like them?
I like a lot of them. Do you like any of their music?
Do you have a favorite song by them?
Yes, he is a very talented actor. He starred in The Wiz. Have you seen that one?
Yes Diana Ross is a gifted gifted gifted gifted gifted gifted gifted gifted gifted gifted boy
It definitely has a lot of action in it, like the Wiz.
He plays for the Argentina national football team.
I do not watch soccer, but I do know that they are coached by John Grisham. I am more of a Manchester fan.
I do not watch soccer, but I do know that he's a Brazilian professional football player.
Shrek is a drama. Do you like drama?
Yes, do you like movies by David Schneider? He starred in The Wedding Planner.
I am not sure who stars in Day After Tomorrow. Do you like his movies?
You're welcome
Sure! White Fang is a good one, you might like that one.
I don't have that information right now, but The Wild Life is starring Lea Thompson who also starred in Wonderland.
Randy Quaid was in Wild Life. He also starred in Little Rascals.
Yes, she wrote Hush, Hush, and Hush. Have you read those?
Sorry, I don't have that information right now
These books fall under the speculative fiction genre
You're welcome
I am not sure who directed it but I do know it was written by Steve Oedekerk
He also wrote and starred in the movie The Simpsons
Eddie Redmayne and Eddie Redmayne starred in that movie.
You're welcome
Gore Verbinski wrote Rango, starring Johnny Depp.
It was released in 2005 and is a drama/fantasy.
Yes, Rango is considered a thriller and drama.
You are welcome!
21 Jump Street is a fantasy. Do you like those type of movies?
Ride along has the cast of Ryan Gosling, Ryan Gosling, Ryan Reynolds and more.
You're welcome.
I don't know any new comedy movies, but I can recommend Ride Along 2 for you if you like Comedy.
I do! She wrote A Little Princess. Have you read that?
The Tale of the Body Thief is a speculative fiction written by Jonathan Kellerman.
I agree! The Vampire Chronicles is a great book!
The Hunger Games was written by Suzanne Collins who also wrote Gregor and the Marks of Athena.
The Passage was released in 1997.
You're welcome!
Yes, she wrote Mansfield Park and Mansfield Park. Have you heard of them?
Mansfield Park is a speculative fiction.
Yes, Mansfield Park is a romance. Would you like to know more about it?
Yes, that is a good one. Have you read it?
I haven't seen Murder on the Orient Express right?
Yes, Victor Hugo has written some great books. Are you a fan of his work?
These books fall into the speculative fiction genre.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy!
She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie
Amelie is a romance film starring Isabelle Nanty, who also starred in Welcome to Temptation
You're welcome. Have a good day.
I do, he's a very talented singer. I like his song We Rode in Trucks. Do you listen to it?
Yes, he is. He has so many great songs from Leesburg.
He has won the Grammy for Best Hip Hop Music Award for Album of the Year
Do you like Marlon Brando because he starred in the movie Marlon Brando?
Well, Viva Zapata also starred in The Young Lions, The Champion of the World, and many more.
I'd say it's a drama and drama. It's also a drama.
I don't know much about him, but I know he's a basketball player. Do you like him?
Yes I am a fan of the Golden State Warriors. How about you?
Yes, he did win that award too
Yes, he also won the NBA All-Rookie Award
Mervryn Peake wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and was influenced by Stephen King.
The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde was written by Robert Louis Stevenson.
I don't know what else he has done, but I do know he was a scientist and a professor who wrote the Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde.
Luigi Pistilli has starred in The Good, the Bad and the Ugly. Have you seen that movie?
I don't know who else starred in Machine Gun McCain, but it's a great movie.
Yes she did, she also starred in the Notebook
You're welcome
Yes, I can recommend a few. What type of sports do you like?
That movie is a romantic comedy, do you like that genre?
Well, he was a writer and director as well. He was also a director and a director.
Ok. Sending it to you. Anything else?
Wow, thats a good one. Gabourey Sidibe also starred in Grindhouse.
The Dark Knight stars Ritchie Coster and Nicky Katt. Would you like more of a thriller recommendations?
The Dark Knight is a comedy and crime movie. What genre do you prefer?
The Dark Knight is a action adventure movie. Have you seen it?
Starsky starred Robert De Niro which was a blockbuster film.
Anything else I can help you with?
L.M. Montgomery wrote The House of Hades which is a Speculative fiction. Have you read that?
The Blue Castle came out in 1937.
The classics came out in 1926.
He also starred in the movie The Truman Show. Have you seen that one?
Then you might also like Water for Elephants. Have you seen that one?
I am not sure who else stars in it, but Christopher Meloni also starred in Jurassic Park III which is a romantic comedy.
You're welcome!
It was written by Stephen King. Are you familiar with his work?
Yes, he did. Peter Jackson also starred in The Mist.
You might like The Mist or The Lawnmower Man.
Your welcome. I hope you enjoy it.
David Guetta starred in Love is Gone. Have you heard it?
I like his music. Do you have a favorite song by him?
I like a lot of different artists like Taylor Swift, Taylor Swift, Taylor Swift and Selena Gomez. What about you?
Oh yea. I like him. He has a great voice. He's a DJ, record producer, screenwriter, singer,songwriter and screenwriter.
The Interview was written by Cyrus Nowrasteh. He also wrote The Young Messiah.
yes Alone With Her is a psychological thriller
Great! Hope you like it.
you're welcome
Sure, do you like it because it is a Romance or Drama?
Knocked Up was released in 2005.
Funny people is starring Eminem and Ray Romano and is a comedy.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Paul Pogba is going to play football for the Seattle Seahawks. I think he's going to play next season. I think he's a good player.
Yes, they were the runner up in the 1976 FA Cup Final.
I do like American Football. What's your favorite team?
I know that Ryan Griggs is married to Ryan Griggs. I think he starred in a movie called Valentines Day.
Yes, he's a great athlete. He's a professional basketball player. Do you like him? He's a great athlete.
She Hate Me is a drama
Yes he did, he also directed and starred in the movie The Green Mile.
Sue Monk Kidd wrote The Grand Budapest Hotel, have you read that one?
I do not have that information. However, I can tell you that Sarah Monk Kidd is one of my favorite authors.
Yes, he is from New York City and was born in Wilhelm Reich.
Yes, she starred in The Lacuna and The Lacuna. Have you seen those?
It's a Historical fiction. Do you like that genre?
Zoe's Tale is written by John Scalzi and is a Speculative fiction.
You're welcome
I think she's a good singer and actress. She starred in Princess Protection Program and Camp Rock
Yes, he did. Larry Crowne is a Romance and Comedy. Do you like those types of movies?
Yes, Ashton Kutcher was in that show as well. Did you know he also starred in Mad Max: Fury Road?
Do you like it because of the author Charlaine Harris?
Then I would recommend Dead to the World. It's a mystery mystery.
Of course! It's a great book. It was written by Chris Weitz and is a speculative fiction.
You're welcome!
Sure, Quantum of Solace was directed by Christopher Nolan. Do you like action movies?
Skyfall is a drama
Starring Xander Berkeley ,Jami Gertz ,Jami Gertz
Glad to help
Yes, they were the runner-up in Super Bowl XII right? I don't follow football much.
Wow, I didn't know that. I think their runner up in Super Bowl XVIII was the first game.
Well, from what I can tell, the Steelers won the Super Bowl XXXVIII.
Yes, The Usual Suspects is a Thriller starring Kevin Spacey. Do you like Thriller movies?
I do like thrillers. Have you seen Shark Night? It is a thriller.
I have not seen that one. Is it a thriller?
I do like hip hop. Did you know Christopher McQuarrie was also a producer?
I like rock and hip hop. I like the Beatles. How about you?
Oh I see. I like Zipper. I think I have heard of that one.
Yes, it was written by John Green and is a Young-adult fiction. Do you like Young-adult fiction?
Yes, that is the King of Attolia.
You are welcome.
Well, I know that he is a professional American footballer who plays as a Forward for the Denver Broncos.
Olivia Wilde also starred in Ocean's Eight, have you seen that one?
Working Girl is a great movie starring Olivia Wilde
You're welcome
Sure, he wrote Teacher Man. Have you read that one?
It's a baseball team based in Chicago, Illinois
Yea, I think that's a great one. I'd love to visit it next year.
You're welcome!
Do you like 21 Jump Street because it's a Thriller?
Channing Tatum starred in White House Down
It came out in 2013.
Your welcome
Yes, that is a great book. It was written by Wizard of Oz and is a fantasy. Do you like fantasy books?
I agree. She has a great voice. Do you like her? She has a wonderful voice.
Yes, I did. She is a great singer. Did you know she is also a model?
I didn't know she was on the Impersonations of other artists. I wonder if she is a good actor
Yes, she did. She died in a heartwarming voice.
Great. I hope you enjoy.
The Hobbit came out in 2006.
The next book in the series was Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
Sure, The Rock was directed by Michael Bay and released in 1996. Is that what interests you?
Shark Night is a drama. Nicolas Cage also starred in The Scorch Trials. Have you seen that one?
Yes, you are correct. Do you need any other recommendations?
Yes, he plays football as a forward for the Colombia National Football team. Do you like soccer?
Yes I am. My favorite team is the Redskins. What's your favorite team?
He plays midfielder. He is a midfielder on the team.
The Matrix was written by Lana Wachowski and stars Keanu Reeves and Laurence Fishburne. She also wrote V for Vendetta.
The Golden Compass is a fantasy movie.
You're welcome
Harold Ramis wrote a lot of good thrillers. Do you like thrillers?
It is starring Harold Ramis. He also wrote and starred in Ghostbusters.
Yes, Groundhog Day is a romantic comedy, starring Bill Murray. He also stars in and wrote and starred in Ghostbusters.
Sure, he starred in Kill Bill Vol. 1 and Kill Bill Vol 2.
The Sky Crawlers came out in 1995. Have you seen it?
The Sky Crawlers was directed by David Ayer, who also directed The Blue Castle, starring Tom Hanks.
I don't show any other actors in The Great Yoka War, but I do show it was directed by David Fincher.
Sure, I'll play it for you.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is part of the Oz books. The next book in the series is The Marvelous Land of Oz.
The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a fantasy film. The sequel to The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is The Wizard of Oz.
You're welcome. I hope you enjoy!
I have not heard of her. What is the genre?
No, I haven't heard it, but I do like electronic dance music. Did you know that she is a singer?
Yeah, she's from California. I think she's from San Francisco, have you seen her perform?
He also wrote Breakfast at Tiffany's and Breakfast at Tiffany's.
Breakfast at Tiffany's stars Salma Hayek and Eddie Redmayne, have you seen it?
Breakfast at Tiffany's stars Robert De Niro and Jack Nicholls. It is a Romance film.
I don't know much about him. But I do know he won the Bravo Awards. Are you familiar with it?
Sure, he starred in the movie The Fault in Our Stars. Have you seen that one?
It's a Thriller.
You're welcome!
Great! Have a great day!
Guy Kawasaki also starred in The Devil Wears Prada
I can't find anything else by him, but if you like fiction, I would suggest The Art of the World.
He wrote The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary and The Ugly Truth. Have you read those?
The Ugly Truth Now has genre Young-adult fiction. Do you like this genre?
It was released in 2004
Your Welcome
I don't think he's a good player. I think he's from Chicago. Do you like him?
I know he's with the Golden State Warriors and the Chicago Bears. I think he's a pretty good player as well.
I believe he's also a point guard. I think he's a pretty good player.
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are owned by Fred Wilpon and owned by Fred Wilpon. Do you like them?
Oh yea that's right. Did you know their mascot is named Miles?
I like the Dallas Cowboys. What about you?
I don't know much about him other than he plays for the Mexico national football team.
I agree, he's a forward for the Seattle Seahawks. I think he's a good team.
Yeah, I think I'm a fan of Thriller movies. Do you like that genre?
Stephen Sommers wrote Van Helsing and starred in Van Helsing. Do you like action movies?
The Mummy Returns is a fantasy drama. Do you like this genre?
The Mummy Returns has genre Thriller, so I'm sure you will like it!
Yes, The Hills Have Eyes is a fantasy, and a great movie to watch.
You're welcome
Do you like it because it's a speculative fiction?
I don't know a lot about Indies, but I do know that Shirley Henderson also starred in Wolf Creek, have you seen that one?
Great! Another Indie Film you might enjoy is The Indy. Have you seen that one?
Yes, Rogue Nation is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
You might like White Fang or White Fang. Those are good action movies.
Pound of Flesh stars Robert De Niro and Tom Cruise.
You're welcome
Sure, P.C. Cast wrote Tempted, Revealed, and Revealed.
The Tempted is a young adult fiction. It's considered a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
Yes, it is. It is a young adult fiction novel written by Melissa Marr.
Well, if you like young adult fiction, I would recommend The Count of Monte Cristo.
You're welcome!
Sure, For Whom the Bell Tolls was written by Ernest Hemingway. Do you like Hemingway?
It's a Speculative fiction.
Have you heard of Wolves of Mercy Falls? It is a romance as well.
You're welcome.
They are ok. I like the New England Patriots. Did you know they won the Super Bowl XLIII?
Not really, I think they're a good team. I think they're a runner-up in Super Bowl XLVIII.
I believe his wife, Gwenth Paltrow, is her husband's wife.
The Town was a great movie. Did you like it because it was a drama?
Emma McLaughlin and Anne Hathaway
It was directed by Peter Craig
Great.
Sure! Do you like the movie because it's a drama or because it's an action movie?
Aeon Flux is a good sci-fi movie. Have you seen that one?
It was a great sci-fi movie starring Michael Gaston and Kevin Spacey.
I am not sure, but I know he directed Jurassic Park III starring Tom Hanks.
I like him a little bit. Did you know Katy Perry starred in a lot of action movies?
I did not know that, but I do know that Katy Perry was in a movie called Get Him to the Greek. Did you see it?
Yes, Russel Brand was in that movie as well. It's a Drama/Comedy.
We're the Millers starred Jim Carrey and Zach Galifianakis. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was great in that movie. Did you know he also starred in The Secret Life of Bees?
Yes, that is a great movie. Did you know he also starred in The Secret Life of Bees?
Yes, it is a drama starring Meryl Streep and Anne Hathaway. Do you like dramas?
Merryl Streep also starred in X-Men Origins: Wolverine, a romantic comedy film
I haven't seen that one, but it is a Romance film
You're welcome
Peter Dinklage starred in X-Men: Days of Future Past and Underdog.
The X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class.
He also starred in X-Men: First Class and X-Men: First Class.
The Wolverine is the lead lead in the film, Jonah Hill, Chris Hemsworth and Jennifer Lawrence.
You're welcome
He wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror.
Yes, it was co-written by Nathaniel Hawthorne.
You're welcome!
Yes, it was written by Sean Penn and stars Sean Penn. Have you seen it?
Yes, he was a writer and a screenwriter. He wrote and directed and starred in the movie Into the Wild.
You're welcome!
Yes, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory stars Johnny Depp and is written by Roald Dahl. Do you like Johnny Depp movies?
The Rum Diary is a good one starring Johnny Depp. Have you seen it?
You're welcome!
Robin Hobb wrote The Dragon Keeper and The Dragon Keeper.
Robin Hobb wrote The Golden Compass and The Golden Compass.
Sure Ship of Magic is written by Jonathan Kellerman. He also wrote The Dragon Keeper.
Hope you enjoy!
Sure. He wrote The Picture of Dorian Gray and The Importance of Being Earnest. Have you read those?
Yes, The Picture of Dorian Gray is a speculative fiction novel as well.
I am not sure about that but I know it was released in 1960.
Great, enjoy!
Yes, it was written by Sarah J.Maaas and released in 2012.
Yes, Throne of Glass was released 2012 and is a thriller.
You might like The Assassin's Blade or The Throne of Fire
You are welcome
Sure. Jennifer Ehle starred in Zero Dark Thirty. Have you seen that?
Yes, Mark Boal wrote Mark Boal, he also wrote The Greatest Show on Earth.
I agree, she's a great actress.
I don't know much about football, but I know he plays for the Colombia national football team. Do you like soccer?
I don't know much about him, I know he plays soccer but I do know that he's from Guadalajara.
Yeah, Shakira is from Columbia. Did you know she is from Columbia?
Do you like it because it's written by Roald Dahl or because it stars Johnny Depp?
He also wrote Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.
You're welcome
My favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. Do you have a favorite football team?
I like the Broncos, but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
They were the runner-up in Super Bowl XLVIII.
I'm not a huge fan of soccer, but I do enjoy watching the Seattle Seahawks play soccer. How about you?
I like basketball and baseball. What sport do you like?
Yes, and Louis van Gaal was a great coach. I think he was a midfielder as well.
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People is written by Stephen Covey and is a Self-help book. Do you like self-help books?
He has written many self-help books such as How to Win Friends and Influence People and How to Stop Worrying and Start Living
The Best Man written by Stephen R. R. Tolkien was also released in 1989
ok great your welcome
I do! It's a great adventure starring Jim Carrey. Do you like adventure movies?
Do you like Charlie and the Chocolate Factory because it is a family movie?
Oh yes, I like him in Pirates of the Caribbean: At the World's End, he is a great actor.
He also starred in The Rum Diary have you seen that one?
One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest was written by David Koepp and directed by David Ayer. Do you like his work?
He also wrote and starred in the movie The Manchurian Candidate, which is a drama.
That is a great one as well. Another one of my favorites is The American Revolution. Have you seen that one?
Well, if you like historical drama, I would suggest The World's End, which is a great one!
You're welcome!
Yes, she wrote The Diviners of a Thousand Faces. Have you read that one?
Vanishing Girls is a young-adult fiction. It was released in 2015.
You're welcome
Yes, he wrote Yellow Submarine starring John Lennon.
Did you know that he also wrote Yellow Submarine?
Yes, he is. Do you like any of his music?
Kyrie Irving plays for the Boston Celtics.
I don't know much about basketball, what sports do you like?
He was born in New York City in New York City.
The Island was directed by Robert Louis Stevenson. Do you like his work?
Well, if you like sci-fi, you should check out The Island then.
It has a great cast. It's starring Robert De Niro and Angelina Jolie. Do you like them?
You're welcome
I like him in Harsh Times. Have you seen that one?
Did you know Christian Bale was also in Battlefield Earth?
The film was directed by Christopher Nolan who also directed The Prestige
You're welcome
Yes, it was produced by Rick Riordan and is a speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Sure, The Looking Glass Wars was written by Frank Beddor
your welcome
He is a professional footballer who plays as a forward for the Argentina national football team.
Yes, I do. American football is the best sport to watch.
I like the Dallas Cowboys and the Dallas Cowboys. What sports do you like?
Sure, Sean Barrett wrote the book called The Continuing Drama of Those Left Behind and he also wrote The Dead Zone.
Yes, it was in English.
Yes, Waiting for the Barbarians was also released in 1980.
What else can I do for you?
I think they are a good team but I don't know much about them. Do they have a basketball team?
I like basketball, but my favorite team is the Dallas Cowboys. How about you?
I don't know much about them. I know that New York Knicks is a professional basketball team based in Houston, Texas
Sure, he wrote Candide, which is a romantic novel.
It's a musical theater that was released in 2001 and was written in English.
I'm sorry I don't have that information right now, but if you like musicals you may want to check out Candide.
You're welcome!
Sure. Do you like the author Ernest H. Shepard or the genre?
He sure is! He's a great author! He's also a great author. He's also a teacher.
You're welcome!
Yes, he's a great soccer player. Did you know he's from Liverpool?
Yes, Colleen Rooney is also a soccer player
Thats where Colleen Rooney from?
They are a soccer team coached by Fernando Hierro. Do you like soccer?
I'm not sure. I don't follow soccer, but I know that they play for Real Madrid.
Not really, but I'm more familiar with football. What sports do you like?
Do you like it because it's speculative fiction?
You might enjoy The Hunger Games or The Giver. Have you read those?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
Pulp Fiction is a Thriller. Do you like that genre?
John Travolta also starred in The Dharma Bums.
Bringing them up now!
Yes, he is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for the Argentina National Football Team. Do you like soccer?
It is a fiction novel. Do you like fiction?
Not that I am aware of.
I'm not sure, but it was released in 2006.
I'm sorry I don't have any information on Spanish, but I do have something else in mind.
No problem
Yes, I am a fan of baseball. My favorite team is the Red Sox. Do you like baseball?
Not that I am aware of but I think they have a good season. They have a good season this year.
No. The Mets coach is John Wilpon. Do you have a favorite team?
The Tennessee Titans is a professional American football team based in Chicago, Illinois
I think he was a quarterback for the Seattle Seahawks. What team do you like?
My favorite player is Venus Williams. What about yours?
Tuesdays with Morrie is written by Mitch Albom. It's a satire.
Yes, she wrote The Butterfly Effect. Have you read that one?
She wrote Trace and Into the Wild which are a good read.
Gone is a great movie, have you heard of it?
Yes, he is, he is a writer and writer as well.
Sure. Tess of the d'Urbervilles: A Pure Woman Faithfully Presented is written by Tim Dolin
He also wrote A Scandal in Bohemia, in 1891.
The Woodlanders was released in 1891, it's a great book.
The first one was released in 1891, the same year The Woodlanders was released.
Sure! He starred in a lot of action movies. He also starred in Water for Elephants. Have you seen that one?
The film also starred Meryl Streep, Emily Blunt and Jennifer Jason Leigh.
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy!
Sure. She starred in Les Visiteurs and Amelie
I'm not sure who else stars in it, but Isabelle Nanty also starred in Catalyst.
Yes, Valérie Lemercier starred in that and he also starred in a few films.
You're welcome!
Yes, he's a golfer. He won the 2012 PGA Championship and the 2012 PGA Championship.
Yes, I believe he's from Northern Ireland. I'm more of a golf fan. What about you?
Yes, he's from Northern Ireland. He's from Northern Ireland. He's from Northern Ireland too. He's from Northern Ireland. He's from Northern Ireland too.
Sure, Tron: Legacy was written by Dan Brown and stars Tom Hanks. Do you like Tom Cruise?
It is a sci-fi adventure movie.
Well, if you like sci-fi, you should check out The Island of Dr. Moreau.
Okay, let me know if you need anything else.
District 9 was written by Terri Tatchell and Neill Blomkamp and starred Sharlto Copley.
Yes, The Neon Demon is a great thriller. Do you like thrillers?
The Neon Demon is a thriller, so The Neon Demon is also a thriller, so I think you might like it
You're welcome! Enjoy!
I do, did you know she sung A Thousand Years?
Wow, I didn't know that. I think he's a pretty good singer. Do you know he's from Philadelphia?
My favorite singer is Taylor Swift. What about you?
I believe they were both released in 2015.
Sure! The Dragonfly in Amber is written by Diana Gabaldon and is a romance novel. Do you like romance books?
Yes, Fiery Cross is a speculative fiction novel by Diana Gabaldon, it's a fantasy. Do you like that genre?
I don't have any information on anything else he has written, but he's a prolific writer who wrote Speculative fiction as well.
You're welcome! I hope you enjoy!
Sure! Todd Phillips wrote The Hangover and The Hangover. Have you read those?
Do you like comedies? Todd Phillips also wrote Hangover Part II
It is a comedy. Do you like comedies?
I'm not sure, but I know he was in the 2012 NBA Finals. Do you like basketball?
Yes, it is a great movie starring Jim Carrey. Do you like it because it's a comedy?
I haven't read Nightingale yet, but I have heard of it. It is a Romance novel. Do you like Romance novels?
Yes she did, she also wrote Winter Garden, a great short story.
You're welcome!
Benjamin Martinez wrote II Principe
Yes he did
What else can I do for you?
There are many, please let me know :)
Sure, Up was written by Pete Docter and stars Jim Carrey and Jim Carrey. It's a Family Comedy.
He has written many movies such as Up and Young-Adult fiction.
It is a fantasy movie. Do you like fantasy movies?
I recommend Family Movies .
You are welcome
They are a professional basketball team based in Houston, Texas and is a professional basketball team based in Houston, Texas
J.K. Simmons
I don't know much about Hardaway but he was the runner up in the 2008 NBA Finals
Yes, he is a good player
Do you like The Gunslinger because it's written by Stephen King?
It was released in 1945. It's a thriller.
You're welcome!
Sure! Do you like Fight Club because it's a drama?
It's a crime fiction. Do you like those types of movies?
It was produced by David Fincher
The Cleveland Browns are a professional American football franchise based in Cleveland, Pennsylvania. The team's head coach is Randy Lerner.
I like the Dallas Cowboys more. What do you think about the Browns?
I'm not sure. I know that Randy Lerner is the owner of the Houston Texans. I think he's a good owner.
That's right. He's from New York City and is from Brooklyn.
He starred in one of my favorite movies, Yojimbo.
I don't know, but he was influenced by Isaac Hayes
I am not sure but  is a Thriller
Yes he also wrote
You are welcome
Tuesdays with Morrie is a speculative fiction book written by Mitch Albon.
Tuesdays with Morrie has genre Speculative fiction and drama.
Sure. He also wrote A Room of One's Own and A Room of One. Have you read either of those?
You are welcome.
Sure! Do you like it because it's a Action/Adventure movie?
Do you like sci-fi movies?
Captain America: The Winter Soldier is a Sci-Fi movie
Insurgent is starring Veronica Roth and was released in 2012.
Great, I hope you enjoy!
Yes, I think it is a great book written by J.K. Rowling. Do you like her work?
Apocalypse Now is a good one
He also wrote The Crucible, have you read it
Your welcome
Nathan Lane starred in Win a Date with Tad Hamilton! Have you seen that one?
Did you know that she also starred in The Power of Thinking Without Thinking?
Yes, she was in that one. She is a great actress!
Yes, he was in it as well! He also wrote and starred in it.
William Hurt was also in the Grasshoppers! Have you seen that one?
F. Murray Abraham starred in Thir13en Ghosts, The Grand Budapest Hotel, and The Grand Budapest Hotel
He also starred in Scarface and Last Action Hero, which is a thriller.
Sure! Do you like science fiction movies?
Well, Avengers: Age of Ultron stars Scarlett Johansson and Chris Hemsworth. Do you like action movies?
Yes, it is. It is a thriller starring Scarlett Johansson.
Your welcome
I think he's a good basketball player but I don't really follow him. How about you?
I like football, what's your favorite team?
My favorite NFL team is the Seattle Seahawks. What's your favorite NFL team?
I don't know much about them, but I do know they are coached by John Fox.
Yes, but I like the Seahawks. They have a good season this year.
I like the Seattle Seahawks, but my favorite team is the Seattle Seahawks. How about you?
I have not read Outlander, but I know it is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
Yes, Outlander was written by Gabaldon and is a speculative fiction. Are you a fan of that genre?
Xeneocide is the first sci-fi sci-fi novel by Orson Scott Card.
You're welcome!
To Kill a Mockingbird was written by Harper Lee but I haven't read it yet.
That's great. Did you know that it was written by Harper Lee?
Have you read Go Set a Watchman?
You're welcome
I don't know much about soccer, but I know they are coached by Louis van Gaal. Do you like soccer?
Well, he's a German professional footballer who plays as a forward for French club Bayern Munich II. What's your favorite team?
I think he's a talented player. He's a musician, songwriter, and musician.
Sure, One for the Money has genres speculative fiction and fantasy. Do you like those genres?
Princess Diaries is written by Meg Cabot
Yes, Stephenie Meyer did write Twilight
Yes, it is a series and Stephenie Meyer also wrote the Boyfriend List
You are welcome
Inside Out was written by Dan Brown and stars Denzel Washington. It is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Well, she also starred in No Strings Attached.
This is the End is a drama. Do you like drama?
Great! I hope you enjoy it!
Great! Have a great day!
He starred in I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With, which is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
Sarah Silverman has a television show called The People Speak, which is a television show.
Sarah Silverman has been in such films as The Golden Compass, The Golden Compass, and The Magician's Nephew to name a few.
I am not sure about his latest movies, but I can tell you he starred in A Beautiful Mind. Have you seen that one?
Well, he directed "The Assassination of Jesse James," which is a drama. Do you like action movies?
Well, A Beautiful Mind was released in 2009, and he directed and starred in it too.
Well, he directed and starred in that movie right?
Mr & Mrs Smith stars Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie Pitt. Do you like thrillers?
He also starred in Troy, have you seen that one?
Donnie Darko is a Thriller. Donnie Darko is a Thriller. Donnie Darko is a Thriller. Do you like Thriller movies?
Yes he did. Box was written by Richard Kelly.
Yes, The Box is a Thriller starring Kevin Spacey.
Well, if you like Fantasy, you might also like The Golden Compass or The Golden Compass.
You're welcome.
The Assassin's Blade is a good one.
The Throne of Shadows and Queen of Shadows are thrillers.
I can recommend The Assassination of Jesse James by the same author
Yes, A Game of Shadows is a thriller. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, Gothika is a thriller starring Robert Downey Jr. and Jake Gyllenhaal. It was released in 2001.
You are welcome. Enjoy!
Beatrice Sparks wrote Go Ask Alice, have you read it?
It's a drama. Do you like those types of books?
You're welcome, I hope you enjoy it!
The Proposal is starring Sandra Bullock. Do you like Sandra Bullock movies?
The Proposal is a great movie starring Sandra Bullock.
All About Steve is a comedy and drama.
Your welcome
I have not read the book, but I do know that it was written by John Green and is speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
The Fault in Our Stars is a good one by John Green. Have you read it?
Yes, it's a young adult fiction book.
You're welcome
Outlander is speculative fiction and science fiction. Do you like those types of books?
Brave New World was released in 1945.
It's a fantasy. Do you like fantasy books?
Eleanor & Park was released in 2013 and is written by Rainbow Rowell. Are you familiar with her work?
She also wrote My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories
These books are fiction and drama
You are welcome
Rich Moore starred in Wreck-It Ralph. Have you seen it?
Yes he did, he also starred in that movie. He was a great actor.
Yes, he was in that one. He also wrote and starred in that movie. It's a family genre.
I don't know much about her other than that she's a Danish tennis player. Do you like her?
I like Serena better than Venus Williams. I think they both play in the London 2012 Summer Olympics. Venus is better than Venus but Venus better than Venus. Venus better than Venus.
I haven't seen it but i do know that it's a comedy.
Sure! He starred in The Skulls. Have you seen that one?
Yes, some of the actors in the watchmen include Edward Norton and Jennifer Jason Leigh. Do you like thrillers?
Yes, it is considered a comedy and a comedy. Do you like that genre?
If you like Science Fiction, you might also like X-Men Origins: Wolverine and the X-Men series.
Sure, she wrote The Sweet Far Thing and The Sweet Far Thing. Have you read those?
Okay, then you'll like The Looking Glass Wars, or The Golden Compass.
Yes, it's a series. The next book in the series is The Sweet Far Thing, which is next in the series.
Sure, you might like The Golden Compass or The Ruby in the Smoke.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Rebecca was written by Sally Beauman.
It's a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
I don't have that information, but Daphne du Maurier also wrote Jamaica Inn.
You're welcome
The Denver Broncos are a professional American football franchise based in Denver Broncos. The Denver Broncos are a professional American football franchise based in Denver, Pennsylvania.
Case Keenum was a Denver Broncos fan when he was with the Broncos. He was a quarterback and a former coach.
The current coach is John Fox. He's the current quarterback for the Broncos.
I enjoy basketball. What sports do you like?
Yes, he's a great basketball player. Who's your favorite player?
Yes, he is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a forward for Spanish club Barcelona and the Spain national team.
I am not sure who else is on the team. I know Andrés Iniesta is a player on the Spain national football team.
Yes, they are. Did you know Vicent del Bosque is their home stadium?
Sure! Wrinkle in Time is a Young-adult fiction book written by Madeleine L'Engle and is a Speculative fiction. Do you like that genre?
It is a Fantasy book. Do you like Fantasy books?
You might like the next book in the series called A Wind in the Door.
Yes, he also wrote A Wind in the Door which is another good one.
I do, did you know he was born in Honolulu?
My favorite song of his is The Muppets. Have you seen it?
No, I haven't heard that one. What's your favorite Cardi song?
Jules Feiffer wrote The Phantom Tollbooth which is a Speculative fiction. Have you read it?
The Phantom Tollbooth is a fantasy novel, have you read it?
You're welcome!
Great, have a great day!
Well, I know that he is a Heisman Trophy winner in the past.
The Wildcats are a professional American football team based in Chicago, Illinois
Did you know Woody Harrelson starred in Wildcats?
Yes, Jean-Pierre Jeunet wrote A Very Long Engagement and Micmacs.
Yes, it is a crime drama. Another action movie you might enjoy is A Time to Kill.
Zulu stars Robert De Niro and Rosario Dawson.
You are welcome
It's a young adult fiction written by Jay Asher and is in the genre of young-adult fiction.
He has also written The Future of Us and Thirteen Reasons Why.
No, but if he likes to read those, I think he will enjoy the book.
I don't have that information, but I do know that it was released in 2007.
Sure! It was written by Emily Bronte and is a speculative fiction. Do you like those genres?
Jane Austen also wrote Sense and Sensibility and Pride and Prejudice and Zombies. Have you read those?
Lady Susan was published in 1817 and is a romance novel.
You are welcome
Yes, he's a great actor. He's a wonderful actor. He's a wonderful actor. He starred in The Green Mile which is a romantic comedy. Do you like that genre?
If you like mystery you might like Treasure Planet which stars Tilda Swinton.
The Red Violin stars Gwyneth Paltrow and Rosario Dawson. It is a mystery/comedy film.
You got it! I hope you enjoy!
